Steve thrusts forward, his own arousal meeting Tony’s buttocks, and he keeps on rubbing. It’s pleasurable, yet miserably hollow on the inside, and his heartstring tugs as common fucking sense drills into his brain.
Tony fists the back of Steve’s collar, perhaps a tad too sloppily as he tries to gain a foothold. And with immaculate precision and strength, he suddenly jerks Steve bodily to the left – then rides the momentum to pin Steve fully to the ground. He sits firmly about Steve’s stomach, and presses his calves into Steve’s flanks.
“Something magical is happening.” Man says it with his mouth slightly agape, eyes locking with Steve's, his expression stricken, and slowly his eyeballs careen to the workstation where Tony is at. Steve really,
Steve discreetly slips his hand into his pocket, and turns on the switch to the anal vibrator. His own groin churns when Tony leans heavily against the car, glaring at Steve from afar with misty, horny eyes. Sure, two can play the game.
honour his words. And it’s just like Tony to slap him back with the thoughtfulness and compassion shown to him. “Sure,” Tony says smoothly, his free hand already stretched out to grapple at the knot of Milos’ necktie. “Whatever you want, Cap. But I’m having this, too.” He reels the escort in with a hefty jerk, and expertly cocks his chin to a side to claim those lips fully.
Steve is on to Tony again before either can even draw the next breath. Steve cups the bulge between Tony’s thigh – surprised by the enormity of it.
“You’re holding the knife wrong,” Steve frowns at the way Tony deftly slay that poor piece of fruit. “Be careful – hey!”
“… About that.” And Tony’s voice trails off as he bends down to collect his screwdriver from the floor. “I’ve had several… unfortunate run-ins with this schmuck who calls himself ‘Ghost’. I don’t have a name, or a face. He freelances as an industrial saboteur, hitting corporations that he sees as corrupt – and that includes Stark Industries, apparently. His attacks are usually small-scale and easily resolved, so I don’t bother updating his particulars on the Avengers’ watch-out list. My fault. Don’t look at me like that. I’m an honest businessman! I play by the rulebook, pay my taxes on time –”
the one with the phone, mind calling Tony for me? Ask him where he is, because if he’s not coming down for breakfast, I’m going out for a quick supply run. Ask him if he’d like me to get anything for him?”
Tony stretches his limbs over the expanse of the sofa, and almost upsets the half-filled glass of scotch he’s holding. He blew his final chance big time, stumbling over facts of science and medical ethics. He tiptoed around issues on cost containment and efficacy, risks and responsibilities –
"'No unmanned aerial vehicle will ever trump a pilot's instinct, his insight - the ability to look into a situation beyond the obvious and discern its outcome'. A man told me that when I said in his face that the Iron Man concept was a heap of dung. Do you know who that man is, Captain?"
And Tony watches Steve curiously, his own shoulders suddenly tense at the sound of the name. Though Steve’s back is against him, he suspects Steve has him in his thoughts. For that alone, he thinks he can make peace with his decision – what
“Wear this.” Steve snatches something black draping the armrest of the adjacent couch. He can’t make out what it actually is, but it has a zipper that runs all the way down the front. It has sleeves. Good enough for him.
“You mention a debriefing?” Tony holds out his tablet for Steve to take. In the generous span of five hours, JARVIS has uploaded whatever he can get his digital fingers on the Mandarin. More will come, but this will have to do for the moment. He’s counting on the government’s competency for the gory details.
“Captain Rogers. How are you feeling?” And Tony reaffirms his hold on Steve. This can go down either way, and he’d rather not involve the Extremis or a super-soldier punch. He’s not one to back out from fights, but this is one that he would bow out before Ross can say “Arrest!” Ross himself fortunately either believes it bad taste to harass a soldier in his sickbed, or is genuinely concerned about Steve’s wellbeing, that he reaches for a beeper dangling from the side of Steve’s bed, and presses it. Hurried footsteps grow louder in the corridor, and Ross retreats towards the far wall. “You have done this country a great service, Captain.” Steve is panting for air, and the front of his hospital gown is dotted with cold sweat. Never once did he allow Ross out of his sight. “Take good care of yourself. Get better.” The door swings open, and a team of medical staff rush through. Ross nods curtly at them. “We will be in touch with you again.”
arms outstretched, has inserted himself between Steve and his prey. There’s a glint of clarity in those hazel eyes, and his chest is cycling like mad.
this lifeline. Back then, he thought it was over for him, and he wanted Pepper to live his dreams for him. Well, he still wants that for her too, but he’s still here, and he can help.
OK, he can respect that. Every man needs time to stew alone in their own space. He drops Steve and his bags on the doorstep and drives back alone, and decides to check Steve off the to-worry-about list for the next two weeks.
Tony kind of misses the time someone ask him how his day goes. Last time this happened was three months ago? Over a cold spread of dinner, and only because he and the girlfriend-of-the-season felt that fifteen minutes of silent chewing wasn’t bearable anymore. “Let’s just say at this rate, I’m gonna be in San Diego for a while.” Long fingers trace down the curvature of his spine, and they dwell in the dimples of his waist. His towel lies precariously atop his buttocks, where Steve’s knuckles barely graze the hem where he works. “How do you know I’m here for work?”
“I’m so sorry about this, Sir,” Steve apologises sincerely. Using the sidemirror to pinpoint STRIKE’s position, he quickly dashes sideway and flings his shield with such accuracy, all four are knocked out as it careens gracefully back.
the general safety of the universe. No amount of tinkering is worth that. When the disco lights subside, Steve waits for up to an hour for Tony to voluntarily ooze out of the workshop.
“Yeah, heard of some.” As far as he knows, the Avengers quarters are as barren as it could be. Just the two of them occupying this floor, the others either on covert SHIELD operations or not in this galaxy. Which means…
Super-soldier serum aside, Steve is one lucky son of a gun to have survived a drop onto the tarmac from a twenty-storey height. He hasn’t broken any bones – a hairline fracture or two in his left ulna, maybe – as far as he can tell by wiggling every body part in under two seconds. Get up, get up, get
“Keep your hands on the wall.” Steve’s clothes stick to his body in no time. “And keep talking to Clint.” He feels Tony shudder against his front, and it exaggerates when he rests a free hand on that narrow waist. This tanned, leanly sculpted body, so malleable like hot butter – now coated with body shampoo - isn’t the body of a genius-billionaire-playboy-philanthropist.
Tony catches himself before he could yank Steve back by his wrist. “Hey, want to drop in for coffee?” He blinks intelligently. “
Steve admits, the odds are pretty much stacked against them. They have zero visuals since the circus is largely confined to the basement. Heat sensors aren’t effective. Snipers like Clint are as useful as a third nipple. Only Iron Man is equipped with the means to detect the piezo
Steve’s stomach plummets as Tony opens the door wider, the plastic back of it pressing painfully into Steve’s nose. “What do you mean?”
Steve finishes his food and waves them off. Unpredictability may be in Tony’s blood, but he’s not one to miss meetings, mini or landmarks. He’s disciplined to a militaria standard, wild and out-of-the-box when it’s required of him. Which is why Steve finds himself prowling the corridor of Tony’s private workshop, the one that is currently dark and quiet save for the background humming of idling machineries.
“Oh, this again?” Tony’s voice bounces off the wood panel. “That sexy time we had in the gym was really something else, wasn’t it?”
As fleetingly as the tap of Steve’s heel on the tiled floor, Steve stands suddenly close to Tony. He cocks his chin at an angle, and the scent of cheap shampoo grows stronger. There is a kiss, Tony thinks, as light as the fall of sunlight on his blonde hair on a good summer’s day. It’s over before it begins, and Steve backs away, preferring to rummage through the closet for a fresh change of clothes instead.
He steadies himself with a deep breath, and marches out of the park, the Iron Man helmet wedged safely under his arm.
He was careful about that palladium poisoning episode. Imagine if word gets out about the ailing then-CEO. Short sellers will be dumping their stocks like hot coal, driving down company’s worth, and forcing Pepper to either pump more money into the market to save it, or turn it over to some conniving assholes with the dough. And that’s probably the best-case-scenario. If word gets out that
“This can’t be the data-point,” Tony concludes after one sweep across the monitors. “This technology is ancient.”
“I’ll be using more force here. Your waist feels terribly tense. Any recent injuries around this area that you’re aware of?”
And Steve grinds into his back. There is no mistake. What was absent in the massage room is fully eager in the privacy of Tony’s bedroom. Tony reinforces his grip on the edge of the desk, and steadies himself against Steve’s erection. “Tell me if I’m reading this wrong, Tony,” Steve asks. “Tell me to stop. I will.”
“Yeah, confidential stuff, I get.” He bats Steve’s protests away and collapses onto the nearest couch.
Steve ends the session ten minutes after, whereupon Tony gratefully covers his lower half with a proffered towel.
“He says, after the Chitauri incident…” That’s oversharing. Honesty is not always the best policy, and this is coming from Captain fucking America. Steve has half the heart of walking out right now, drenched and debauched with a cock as hard as rock sticking out from his pants, if only to shut Clint up. “You know what?” Clint suddenly laughs. “It doesn’t matter. We’re a team, we’re the
other heads flicker as they turn away, and Steve sets his fork on his plate with a resounding clank. “Huh. Anyway, since
A stainless-steel mug appears on his table, and Steve looks up. Maria gestures at the untaken seat across him, and he nods at it. “I’ll feel much better once we retake SHIELD, expose HYDRA to the world and remove Pierce from control.”
, the one Steve is currently leaning against. If Tony wants his caffeine, he has to go through Steve. Literally.
And he’s uploading them direct from SHIELD’s mainframe. Somebody’s bound to catch him red-handed, if somebody’s looking. And somebody’s
for her to leave, and to be safe. It pains her dearly to step away, but she heeds him, and is soon gone from the ward.
Steve’s hand then travels downward. The lower it gets, the harder Tony’s heart beat against the housing of his arc reactor, until it slips right between his thighs to lightly cup at his crotch. “You obviously don’t need the tonic.”
,” Clint sighs dramatically, “is why you should sleep in your own effing bed. Because I will tell Thor all about this.” He taps Tony on the forearm. “Wake up, man.”
He takes huge strides – as quietly as he can manage – and enters the archway. He flattens himself against the wall, hiding in the shadows of yet another oaken shelf. He’s sweating and panting and stumbling around in his own house
“Well.” Tony pours water into his gaping mouth, and passes the bottle to Steve. “Good morning. Anyway, what’s the plan? We can head north, drive another half a day, maybe more to a safe house. JARVIS can lead us the way.”
“Done what?” Plastic packages rustle from the backseat, and one more loaf of bread disappears down Tony’s throat. “Jacking the TV van, or the blowjob? Be honest, they’re both highlights of your day.”
into a truck flanked by six burly men. Looks to him like the proverbial finger is already pointed somewhere.
“How well is the soundproofing?” Tony eventually gasps, both arms raised above his head to grab at his pillows. “I don’t think – don’t think I can hold back anymore.”
His hand slows a fraction, and stops completely to cup Steve by his balls. Tony opens up, takes Steve whole in his mouth –
“This is Tony Stark we’re talking about…” Steve mutters, eyes tracking the signage around the corner. He’s only one-hour drive away from Tony’s last-known location, that is, until Tony has the bright idea of driving in the
Then Dum-E very kindly drops a thoroughly oiled rag onto Steve’s lap. Its pincers whirrs with excitement as Steve just sits there, doesn’t quite know what to do with it. Don’t underestimate that bot, it knows how to communicate though not nearly as eloquent as JARVIS. Dropping a dirty rag onto Steve’s lap can mean anything from you-stink-go-wash-up to oops-I-wasn’t-supposed-to-drop-that.
“… STRIKE team, fall back.” Steve’s radar finally picks up Iron Man, the only red blip on his screen amidst STRIKE’s black. “You’re clear, Stark. Stay on the line.”
just be enough to bring the reign of HYDRA to an end. Maybe. “There’s no system I can’t hack into, Steve. I’ll take care of Insight and the ships’ launching. Jam it, scatter the signals. So many ways to keep those birds on the ground. But, you know that’s just a stopgap. ‘Cut off one head, two more shall take its place’. If it’s not Insight this time, they’ll just think of something else. We got to dismantle the organisation itself. And how are we gonna do that? SHIELD and HYDRA just don’t belong in the same breath, pretty sure your words and mine alone aren’t going to cut it.”
Maria has with her a tablet – StarkTech, Tony notices – and her mouth twitches when she activates the holographic display. “We have quite a lot on our plate to clear, Agents. Preferably in the next twelve hours. The single most immediate threat is this.” She taps once on the screen, and three majestic Helicarriers float in space. “Insight Helicarriers. Once they reach three thousand feet, they’ll triangulate with Insight satellites becoming fully weaponised.”
The night is cool and humid with the threat of a thunderstorm, and the scent of ozone is welcoming. Tony climbs out of his seat, and promptly sinks to the ground.
“He’s… the only one I have left, Tony.” Hearing that hurts more than it should. “To remind me of home.”
can’t keep his mouth shut about him currently-not-dying a couple of months ago. “Whatever he told you, it’s over. I’m fine. Pink of health.”
before pushing a button emphatically on the right-hand side of the keyboard. “He’s harmless, Gary. And, you do understand that you can’t tell anybody about meeting us today?”
Speaking of which, Tony’s the one viable… friend? Individual? Whom Steve still trusts isn’t hell bent on stowing him in prison. Already he’s looking forward to the extra-comfortable white Bugatti sofa in Tony’s Malibu mansion to soothe his battered body. Feels like lying on a marshmallow, gonna sink right to the floor.
“… Whatever you say.” Tony only concedes because of that volume of unspoken fear splashed across Steve’s face. They don’t know what’s wrong with him yet. What gives him the power to control fire, to heal. And this isn’t the time to conduct impromptu physicals. A trio of killer machines are about to be launched. Millions of lives as collaterals.
hard… just once. And once is not enough. Never enough. He rubs himself through his jeans, careful not to be too showy about it. Tony will notice, but he’s ravaging the escort in the back. He can’t see, can’t be bothered to care.
Tony is truly an enigma wrapped in a taco of mystery. To put things into perspectives, Steve has fought with the best of men, shared bunks and bled and
Yet another SHIELD agent – says so on her Kevlar vest – who beckons them to hurry. Steve breaks into a run. Tony catches up easily, and they all pile into the back of the truck, upon which the driver accelerates away into freedom. They both sit opposite her, Steve completely at ease while Tony teetering on the edge of his seat.
“Me. Says here ‘Anthony E. Stark’. I’m on the list. Your name is here, too. And probably everyone else's in Fury’s hideout.”
“I’m human,” Tony wheezes out. This is the only time in his life that sentence ever makes sense in context, and
“Mr Stark,” his crowfeet crinkling as he offers Tony one. “Rumlow, Sir. Captain.” Steve picks a bottle for himself. “Forensics are still combing your apartment. SHIELD’s arranged a guest room for you at the Triskelion for the time being. And they’ve just released your shield. Do you want it now?”
Tony’s trembling hand comes up to close over Steve’s. He shakes his head, and fearfully, he whispers, “There’s a
Steve and Tony hang out on the bench like two moms watching their kids having fun in the sandbox. Tony uncrosses his legs and asks, “That’s a good thing I did for the team, isn’t it?”
“… Yeah. As a matter of fact, we’re just about to go out, get some Chinese. He’s in the washroom, some big business he’s doing there.” Rhodey chuckles nervously. “I guess he’ll have to call you back later, if you want to speak with him, that is.”
rises from the cup he’s cradling gingerly in both hands. His face crumples with concentration and a thin sheen of sweat glistens over his brows. “It works, wow! I didn’t think it would. Are you seeing this?”
That’s about the fiercest protest Tony manages, before he spreads his legs the widest he could in the passenger seat, and pumps his cock at full speed. Burt, Steve won’t look. He watches the road instead, wary of other cars speeding past them while the
Doesn’t surprise anybody when all it takes for Tony to come crashing to the floor is two miserable steps and a bump against the side of the coffee table. Steve sees it coming from a mile away, and collects Tony in his waiting embrace, only to be immediately
Tony turns around, the aftermath of an orgasm thick in the hard lines of his face. “Come here. I like to finish what I started.”
He indulges in Pepper’s laughter, as fluffy as freshly whipped omelette. He really needs to do better. He’s probably the cause of most of her ulcers.
A camera is training on them. The ocular zooms in on Tony as he shifts to stand closer to Steve. “It’s some kind of recording,” he whispers, upon which the monitor buzzes, “I am
it was accessed. It’s a fourteen-hour drive from Tennessee to Wheaton, New Jersey, a pilgrimage they must undertake. But, the actual journey will realistically take much longer. By lunchtime, they’re running low on gas and potable water, and twice, Steve blinked too long that cars appeared out of nowhere by the time he opened his eyes.
“I got you a spare key card from the reception just now,” says Steve, as he presses the plastic piece into Tony’s palm. “In case we miss housekeeping.”
The more Tony seems to enjoy himself, the twitchier Steve gets. Tony, for his part has been gracious enough not to invoke physical contacts with Steve in any ways. He keeps to his half of the car, and hell, somewhere between a jerk of his hip and a guttural groan, has stopped paying any attention to Steve at all. His hisses grow quieter, his attention only on Milos. The invisible wall between them and Steve grows thicker by the inch, and it feels like a breach of privacy sitting here, pretending that this doesn’t bother him.
Guys, it's done! Thank you so, SO much for your lovely reviews, and your support. Working on this and sharing it with you have been such a pleasant experience :) Love you guys, and I hope to see you soon in our next adventure! Take care! <3
Trust Tony to throw his comrades under the bus because an impromptu mission isn't worth getting out of bed for.
“General. How can we help you?” Tony has no recollection of having conducted businesses or negotiations with Thaddeus Ross. Perhaps they had exchanged polite good-evenings’ at a charity gala or two over the last couple of years. He knows of Ross’ reputations second-hand, enough to be wary of the General’s motives and speeches.
“… I’ve seen plenty of things in my experience,” he purrs, and slides a hand between Tony’s thighs, cupping at the mass there. “Oh. You have nothing to be embarrassed about.”
“We’ll be fine,” Tony reiterates, and pats Steve reassuringly on his chest. “They’re not looking for us
his luck today, despite the circumstances – and leaps into the driver’s seat. This seemingly abandoned vehicle is
“Ah… spider.” Steve’s plump lips close over the head, his tongue doing manoeuvres nobody would ever imagine are in
Then, the furious scrubbing against Steve’s molars fades into gentle sweeps. Foam starts dripping down his chin as he looks at Tony like he’s just grown horns.
come back, glimmers of red and gold – the only spectacle that makes sense in his deteriorating sight – and lay waste to what’s left of his Malibu home. They’re programmed for utter annihilation, and will not stop until every unit of computer, every disc, every
Tony is awake before he’s asleep… if that makes sense? He props himself up on an elbow, careful not to make a squeak as he rearranges his limbs on the tarp. It’s
His own lips purse over Tony’s for the first, third, fifth time – his hand rises to cup Tony’s jaws as he responds with mild interest. This pay-per-view has no rhyme or reason – count on Tony for bullshit-on-the-go – but what a show indeed they’re putting up for Gary. The hotter his cheeks burn, the harder his cock gets between his thighs. His tongue slips into Tony’s open mouth, shocking even him – good, serves him right – and Steve presses on. He steadies himself, bracing the armrests on Tony’s office chair.
“Oh,” and both his and the newcomer’s eyebrows fly so high up that they disappear into their respective hairlines. All the nanofiber coating does is give him a neat lady appearance. “Um,” he tries again, raising his pitch by an octave and running a finger along his collar. “Hey, there. I’m fine, I’m just… working.” Good God, he sounds like a Tellytubby.
Many moons ago, this is easy to answer. “Get to know New York again.” Like a child born anew, so many things to learn. And he learns quick. Nowadays, he’s as competent as a millennial just going through the simple life. Then, he learns about the Maslow’s Hierarchy, and he thought gee, there’s an actual solution to the mysteries of happiness? A cheer to the twenty-first century and its unending awesomeness! He thinks he fulfils the lowest rung of the pyramid – physiologic needs. He has more money in his bank account than he can use, food on his table, clothes on his back. He’s safe. Absence of war aside, there aren’t many threats formidable enough to take down a super-soldier on a normal Wednesday. Then, there’s the sociocultural dimension –
“You don’t have a Facebook account?” Natasha dabs at her lips with a paper napkin. “Interesting. Have you by any chance, uh, seen Tony around? On your way here, maybe?”
Steve huffs, and looks down at Tony’s feet, blackened with dirt, but mysteriously woundless. “You don’t want that. Believe me.”
Which is either a genius move – playing his cards tight to his chest is the safest thing to do given current circumstances – or Tony has lost his mind. “Is he safe?”
As he stays still on the gurney flanked by SHIELD paramedics, he takes stock of all the chemicals they’re pumping in his body. He
“I know, J.” His life’s work, basically – his blood and sweat in every fibre of the Iron Man suits, and he’s personally escorting them to the gates of annihilation. “Just do what I say.”
The door knob jangles, and Tony seizes Steve by the elbow, effectively forcing him to half-lean against the worktable. The edge digs painfully into the back of his thigh, as with his patience. He’s only an arm’s reach from Tony’s neck, so God help him.
“Wake up, Steve,” Tony murmurs as he pops his knuckles. He’s been calling out to Steve on and off for the past… three days? It’s been three days since they wheeled Steve out of ICU and stuck him in a standard class A ward. Single bed, six-paned windows on the eastern wall, enough space to fit a small team of medical staff, a comatose super-soldier and a bone-deep weary billionaire-genius-whatever. “Want to watch some TV, hmm?”
doesn’t have to deal with the mess. He’d rather spend the next fifteen minutes vacuuming sand from the mat and burying busted punching bags in unmarked graves.
“Homeland Security is investigating the hijacking of national airwaves and illegal broadcasting of the video. Preliminary reports implicate a terrorist faction known only as ‘the Mandarin’. Nothing much is known about him, only his intentions, that is, to ‘teach America a lesson’.”
Steve is beating around the bush, and Tony gets. Taking out SHIELD is no different from setting up explosives in select corners of a childhood home and watching it implode. “You have a home here with me, Steve,” he blurts out, and inwardly swears when Steve slowly turns to face him again. “With the company. Pepper loves you.”
Tony tries the door again. It stubbornly remains stuck, so he tries harder, again and again, until the door rattle in its frame and Steve squints at it. “Try your keycard.”
the fact that we…” He waves his hand pathetically over his paper napkin, before letting it fall onto his lap like a limp thread.
Fury’s office is located on the Main Tower some fifty floors up. The journey will take a while, and Tony has taken to swallowing saliva every other second to equalise the pressure in his ears. Seems troublesome.
“… Aren’t I enough?” He hates how his voice cracked. Steve’s shoulders stiffened, and he regrets ever asking it.
Tony fastens his sash around his waist, scoops his clothes in one arm and bolts. His limp dick slaps back and forth between his thighs, disgustingly slick inside his paper shorts. A sodden memory of him –
He can’t sleep a wink that night again. He gives up lying in bed and goes to stand by the floor-to-ceiling window. He rests his forehead against the cool glass, occasionally bangs it against the wooden frame until the first glow of the sun paints his face.
Done deal. A closure, for both their sakes. Steve rises from his stool and makes for the door, hoping it’ll let him out without needing Tony’s handprint because this exit will be
to be said. “That’s a battery… to power my pacemaker.” Talking consumes too much air. He needs air he can’t get.
“We are?” Tony’s voice is still gruff with sleep. He sits up straighter. “It’s a four hours’ drive.”
“Being Tony. OK.” Everybody and their mothers know first-hand how difficult Tony can get when fussing over his trinkets. “I’ll call back later. Thank you, Pepper.”
In Steve’s defence, it is quite insane not to fight back when being whaled on by a pair of reactor-charged titanium gold gauntlets and boots. Wait until Steve sees the codpiece.
“They’re pieces of Iron Man! I made it modular, so the suit latches on to you no matter what you’re doing at the time!”
“That guy back there? He’s an escort. Haven’t done him before, so I don’t know if he’s any good for sure.” Steve’s ears burn with the details, and he’s
There was a volley of information to process that kept Steve preoccupied in his vigil. He replayed Tony’s hypotheses in the back of his mind, gave SHIELD the benefit of the doubt. What Tony said was still the best fit, unfortunately only backed up by circumstantial evidences. The man with a metal arm is real enough. He’s the only breadcrumb leading towards the masked organisation behind Insight. And, concerning Pierce. With Fury out of the way, Pierce is effectively the one calling the shots. Pierce
He throws his body weight fully against the door, not trusting his legs to keep him up any longer. He slides the bolt in place, double locks it, and for good measure, piles a ladder and a rather heavy worktable across the door. His bracelet is still blinking furiously in green. That’s good, that means he still has a chance of safeguarding the generators.
“Initiate system?” Considering the risks of responding to an ancient computerware, Tony deliberates for two glorious seconds and shrugs. He types, “Y, E, S, spells yes.” And the sounds of machines waking up from a deep slumber booms around them. They ought to be wary, but Tony can’t help grinning. This is his comfort zone, he’s in his element. “Shall we play a game?”
a series of memo flies into his workshop and holy hell, after the first twenty Howlers of is-Stark-drunk-again and SI-needs-this-contract-period and we’re-not-
A cruel hand slides southward, from the toned expanse of Tony’s stomach to the mound between his thighs. Fingers close around the warmth and musk, and the rough texture of a Tom Ford slacks probably worth several months of room rental. He kneads at Tony’s hardness, incessantly, mercilessly, knuckles probing into crooks and undersides of flesh and bones.
Tony offers to drive this time, and JARVIS finds them an unfortunate TV van parked outside a community hall hosting – according to the glitzy banner hung outside – the county’s biannual beauty pageant.
At two thousand feet, all three Helicarriers will triangulate with each other, and sync with Insight satellites. It’ll be Armageddon, HYDRA style. Not while he can help it.
“No reason why they’ve been playing up the terror. What’s the sense in seeding public unrest otherwise?”
that Steve has snuck into his pocket. It’s nondescript, having muted metallic sheen without engravings or sticky labels to at least clue him in on what to expect when he plugs it into a computer. He checks his suits again, makes sure they’re all still downloading whatever JARVIS is feeding them.
“No one’s here.” The floor of the truck sinks a little as they both clamber into it. The workstation on their left is turned on, so it might not be as abandoned as Tony thinks it is. “It’s gonna be quick. I hope.
thrusting into him, with grace and ease that comes so naturally. A master hard at work. It’s a shame none of the heart and empathy translates to Tony’s Avenging.
And it’s abruptly radio silence on Steve’s side. No matter how hard he taps on the black plastic wedged in his ear, it won’t come alive, won’t crackle the slightest. The line has gone cold. “
“Accessing archive.” The mugshot of a man in his thirties with an impossibly high forehead is next projected. The name “Johann Schmidt” is scribbled over it. “HYDRA was founded on the belief that humanity could not be trusted with its own freedom. What we did not realise, was that if you try to take that freedom, they resist. The war taught us much. Humanity needed to surrender its freedom
Steve’s gaze lingers on him for a fleeting second that stretches on, before he looks away and offers nothing. Not the barest of consolation. So, Tony sucks it up because, what is there left to do if not this? Good God, he’s no Miss America dressed up in man clothes, but he doesn’t look
Steve joins him in the cubicle – like, finally – and closes the door with a curt snap. “Upstairs.” Tony mouths the words “
“Clearly, I don’t know you at all.” Tony whispers as he throws the last of his morning wear into the laundry basket, and takes the towel Steve is proffering. “This is your idea of entertainment?”
“Twenty-five,” Steve replies over the pelting of water on tiled floor. “Top mercs, led by Georges Batroc. Ex-TGSE, Action Division, top of Interpol’s red notice. Guy’s got a rep for maximum casualties.”
Hey, beautiful people! This is it, the end of all things smutty :p There'll be a short coda after this, like a stinger scene in the movies XD But, as far as the main body of the story is concerned, this is it. I want to thank all of you who have subscribed, reviewed, gave kudos and bookmarked, who have supported this story in any ways - you guys ROCK!
And that’s how they remain for the rest of the duration. Tony doesn’t return to the passenger seat, and Steve doesn’t demand it. That’s good. That’s
The front desk didn’t tell him Steve the masseur is a Greek bust in the flesh. Describing Steve alone will downgrade Tony’s sprawling vocabulary to that of a horny teenager’s, and he can’t have that. Reason is clear. He digs chicks, chicks dig him.
“Son, you either keep it down, or I’ll have to chokehold you until we’re done borrowing your truck. What will it be?”
That’s beside the point… but Tony obliges, and he folds his legs carefully under him. He can feel his sinews protesting.
Holding the last of Tony’s weakened smile in his thoughts and prayers, he secures Tony’s torso in the crook of one arm, and steadies the rod with the other. And he pulls.
“Bet you’re loving every second of this,” Tony mutters under his breath, as Steve pats him about his shoulder.
Tony curtsies and moseys all the way to the staff canteen on the fifth floor without ado. They commandeer a table parked under the Wi Fi router – not that it matters – and Tony gratefully takes the seat that gives him a near panoramic view of the canteen. He sets up his laptop quickly enough while Steve checks for cameras – a forty-degree shift of his device to the right does the trick nicely.
“What for? With Pierce gone, there’s a vacancy. Can’t think of a better person to fill in the vacuum. We need leadership we can trust to rebuild the system.”
in him – on him. He’s afraid he might combust. Morbid hallucinations… not helping! Imagine that, his own bodily fluids boiling and evaporating – how is he still alive…
“Nope.” Tony leans back against his desk, and crosses his arms over his chest. “Everything in here is top secret. Only Pepper and Rhodey are allowed in,
“Think about it, Tony. Your programme enhances facial and vocal recognition, capable of tracking unique characteristics like walking gaits and speech pattern to generate identity fingerprints with high fidelity by using a network of CCTVs. It’s not perfect. I’m not sure if cosmetic alterations and good acting can fool your cameras, but it’s better than what we have at the moment.”
It’s a shared grave, so not one to be disrespectful of his father, Tony glances sideways at Steve and says, “Hey, Dad. We found Rogers.”
clicking sound, that Steve feels less bad about unravelling the drawstrings of Tony’s sweatpants completely.
He calmly packs his laptop into his bag, fully ignoring the intensity of four pair of eyes glued onto him. Then, he steps away from his corner, and makes a beeline for the
The ground trembles with two successive explosions. The heat scorches his very back, but he keeps running. Something inside him tells him that Steve’s OK. Regrettably, without the suit, this is one battle above his paygrade. This isn’t even about managing a goddam ego. Without the suit, he’s a body ripe for the bagging.
?” She does a little raspberry and leaves Steve to wrap that towel around his neck like a scarf. Dejectedly, he continues his way to the canteen, and wonders if Tony would hurry the heck up and share the burden of what feels like a thousand of curious stares watching him from every corner of this hideout.
“If I may offer my unsolicited opinion,” JARVIS interrupts. Steve holds his tablet up and sees a map coming onto his screen. “I suggest rendezvousing here.” A marker blinks at the centre, which happens to be about fifteen minutes’ drive away from where he’s parked. It’s a quiet suburb. Somewhat upscale. People tend to go about their own business low-key.
Steve snorts, but keeps his attention glued to the road ahead. “Don’t mind me though. I promise not to get us killed in a car crash.”
“I know of the atrocities the Soldier had done in the name of HYDRA. What he did to Howard and Maria. It kills me, too, Tony. So, God help us…” he chokes, and breathes in shakily.
Steve’s face shifts against Tony’s, and he pulls Tony in for a kiss, bruising and punishing because he can’t bear it. Teeth and tongues lash out as brittle frustration and fury finally breaks.
” Tony jerks again, twisting away from those hands. His pants and briefs pool around his ankles, and the man again carves them up into smaller pieces, leaving Tony stark naked in the middle of his workshop, strapped to his cot.
He stays connected – online – and makes damn sure he’s contactable in every way possible. Any calls, any e-mails sent to the company, Malibu mansion or the Tower’s penthouse are re-routed to his tablet immediately. Just this one time, he’s taking all messages personally. For his trouble, JARVIS so kindly reminds him that the risks of crashing his car and
“You do? I was expecting a lot more fight from you. I even blocked the rest of my evening for this.”
“What does the good Captain have in mind?” he eventually says when Steve keeps mum. Clever. They can ping-pong the issue around but it matters not, because Steve knows this game is already in the bag.
Tony is sitting cross-legged on the sheet-less mattress, his arms folded tightly across his chest. “You’re not arresting Pierce in front of the press, are you?”
“You said you were removing it from the Net, Tony!” From this vantage point, Tony’s expression remains hidden from him, but the crinkle in the newspaper says it all. “Why is it
Tony crushes the now emptied gun with his gauntleted fist and approaches the prone form, his umbrella sheltering them both from the elements. “Steve Rogers says you’re no use to me dead. Loathe as I am to agree with him, he’s right.” More tears leak out of the edge of Barnes’ eyes as they look up to Tony, his face still bizarrely slack. “This doesn’t change
, afraid that it would trigger the fire alarm – or more importantly, he didn’t want Steve’s dick well done. So, it hurt, of course it did. Steve sat beside him, sympathising in silence as Tony’s eyes glazed over, body somewhat hunched over a stack of pillows. “Worth it,” he chuckled, before he shooed Steve into the bathroom.
“It’s called compartmentalisation.” Steve turns to glare at him, furiously brushing his teeth as he does so. “Some businesses believe that it’s the best way to protect company secrets. Nobody spills anything if nobody knows them all, right? Now, you hear it from me – it’s divisive, it’s disempowering. Not a fan of compartmentalisation, personally. When people really want to spill the beans, they’ll get creative. I find company
Apparently, SHIELD’s enthusiasm at meeting them tops even Pepper’s – and that’s a feat. They have a black SUV idling by the hangar to pick Steve up. Poor Tony has to drive his fluffy ass down to the Tower himself. Now companionless, he drives all forty-five minutes of it in silence. He finally pulls up at the vacated CEO parking spot – he’s not being a dick, if Pepper Potts is pointing at said spot and mouthing “park there!”, he obeys.
“Right. A SHIELD assignment, then.” Tony steals another glance at the lady. A muscle in Steve’s cheek ticks. “Too bad. I’m all dressed up in a mechanic jumpsuit. My armours are all locked up in the vault, so –”
“They’re gone, Tony.” He brings the tablet closer to Tony’s stomach. “The scars around the arc reactor. They’re gone. You said you were on your suit’s life support. You don’t have even have a bruise.”
He tumbles down the stairs again, not even checking if Steve is following him – of course he would. He holds the door open, and Steve cocks his chin, wondering what in the world Anthony Edward Stark could possibly host in his basement workshop. Which really means, anything and everything. He walks past Tony and goes all the way to the dais, and Tony stops short of joining him there.
“Everybody in position. Our priority is the safety of thirteen hostages in the basement. STRIKE Team Alpha through the fire escape, that will take you closest to the vault.”
Why hasn’t Steve opened the case with SHIELD? The debriefing should’ve been over – it has been three hours since he bailed.
It works swimmingly – all forty suits are back online, but he doesn’t allow himself a millisecond of celebration. The spare generator is obviously kaput, and this is a really sucky time for a total blackout. Thank God for the arc reactor in his chest lighting up his way. He clasps his sweaty hand over his heart and crouches. He might as well hold up a giant, flamingo pink neon sign in the shape of an arrow that says, “Shoot here!”
The boots roar into activity and hover higher in the air, until Steve is completely lifted off the ground. He’s stretched to a human “X”, and is obviously struggling to regain command of his limbs.
There’s a fire in his heart, he feels it. He tastes smoke and ash in his throat, and his chest heaves. He’s hacking out
to target? SHIELD is working on an algorithm to profile people based on their past actions. SHIELD will use this to predict crimes, and neutralise threats before they even happen.”
Eighty years ago – he was thirteen – one autumn morning, he was down this Brooklyn alley doing the usual foxtrot with the neighbourhood bullies. He had a shoulder dislocated and an eye swollen so bad he couldn’t see out of it, but it was worth it. They were mugging Old Lady Smith who lived at the corner of 14
“That will be nice. But,” Tony pushes the shield into Steve’s chest, “to access them, I need my documents, and my documents are in my safe houses. I don’t have a safe house in Tennessee. None of them are anywhere close to Tennessee. I was supposed to be on my way to one, but the suit drained its power trying to keep up life-support until I wake up. No, don’t – you can freak out later.” Tony puts a finger hurriedly across his own lips. “We’re still in the open. Let’s get inside.”
The water comes back on, and the horrible singing resumes. This time, Tony marches resolutely towards the indicated cubicle, and stands under the shower head. Nice to know that the prick is capable of listening to instructions after all. “Well, how was your mission? I’m sorry
engage with Fury’s assailant. He pities that SOB. Coming to blows with a super-soldier probably wasn’t on the original menu.
Both Clint and Natasha look up and shake their heads in unison. Steve chews his breakfast slowly, and he turns around.
know to what bitter end Pepper will go to put out Tony’s fires. Lady has done it for half the time of her burgeoning career – which is spectacular, by all means – so Steve next dials Rhodey’s cell phone.
“You wanted proof, this is your proof,” Maria nods curtly at Fury’s bed, and pins her attention on Tony again. “Your turn.”
Ignoring him, Steve begins pulling at the knob, but Tony suddenly creeps up from behind and slams the door shut. He’s so close Steve can smell vodka and sweat evaporating off his skin. Sometimes, Steve wonders if Tony has a death wish of some sort, antagonising a super-soldier so viciously, pushing all the giant, red buttons on Steve without care. He manoeuvres Tony easily that
getting hotter just now. Temperature climbing by the Celsius. Steve was practically melting in more than one way.
“No one with clearance level above four was on deck, except for one Agent. Still, unlikely that they were gunning for anyone SHIELD.” The shower screen slides open and Tony looks up into the mirror, razor already poised for a quick shave. “Can you pass me the shampoo, please? Can’t find any here.”
He doesn’t know how long he sat in the sofa until he hears the tell-tale rattling of a trolley outside his corridor. He gives himself a once over in the reflection of a glass-doored bookcase – making sure he has at least pants on – and gets the door. Steve is already there, one hand reaching out for the bell.
All of STRIKE huddled around the speakers perk up with vigilance. Steve waves two fingers in Clint’s direction, who nods before hurrying off to the opposite block where his nest is. “Report, Stark.”
“Stay focus, Tony. The guests-of-honour and the press will arrive in one hour. We need proof of HYDRA’s footprint in SHIELD by then. Get cracking.”
surrounded by Fury’s men – he recognises those people, even amidst the cloud of agony of bones and ligaments cracking into their rightful places. They won! They’d vanquished the big bad –
Then, the door to his truck swings open and sunlight pours in – blindingly brilliant – and Tony shoves the paramedics to the side. He fully expects bullets of the deadliest calibre to riddle him through, but only one canister is thrown over his shoulder. White gas quickly fills up the space and – tear gas? – his eyes and his throat feel flayed. It won’t knock him out – he heals, remember? – so he suffers through them, and readies a fireball in both hands.
Then, the man steps right into Tony’s personal space – so close that Tony’s forehead lolls to rest against his shoulder – as he loosens the knots fastening Tony’s limbs to the cot. He collapses wholly into the man’s embrace, a stream of almost-screams muffled against the front of Kevlar vest.
“Right. Better not disappoint me, Hill. I’m allergic to traps these days. I break out in flames and pandemonium.”
“I’m thinking aloud here, JARVIS. Can we at least send him a message somehow? Tell him to stay put?”
judgement call. Steve's point exactly, but Fury is making his case to the wrong audience, and that grates on Steve's nerves even more.
They’re rolling out in four hours. There’s a lot of responsibilities piling on Tony’s shoulders, so he gets to ride with Captain America. Since he can’t – and won’t – risk setting up a flimsy VPN from outside of the Triskelion complex, he needs to be smuggled into preferably, the command room adjacent. How he wishes to have his covert suit in hand. Sure makes the job easier. That suit rocks the retro reflective panels in stealth mode, hell, he could cha-cha
“I don’t know. There’s rubble everywhere. I – it happened so fast. Tony jumped onto the guy and the ceilings came down. I don’t know if – I don’t know. We need the medic!”
“If I can have my way, I’d like to sabotage the Helicarrier’s circuits. But, I’m not cleared for Insight’s hangar.”
is how Tony sounds like, and that, Steve can’t get behind. Him on the run is exactly what SHIELD needs to cover up the assassin’s hit on Tony’s mansion. No way nobody isn’t the least curious about a legion of Iron Man razing Stark Industries’ owner and CTO’s home perched on a Malibu cliff – because that’s very low profile, happens all the time. That
Too late. The handle slips from his clumsy grip and the blade nicks his index finger in its side. The cut is rather deep, and he chuckles at Steve fumbles for his beeper. “I told you to watch it.”
Tony reclaims his plastic chair beside Steve’s bed and helps himself to Steve’s jello. It tastes more like spoonful of refined sugar than anything else, but whatever it takes to take his mind off Ross and the sack of crap that comes with it, until Steve’s gaze positively bore between his eyes that he replaces the half-eaten desserts-for-paupers on the nightstand with a curt tap. “What?”
The bank’s sideway door is flung open and Rumlow is first to emerge. The five-year-old is tucked safely in his arms, and he hands her over to the fleet of awaiting paramedic.
What was he thinking, designating the storeroom next to his bedroom as the generator chamber. Should’ve parked the damn thing in the garage, or the basement like any sane people would, sane people with some sense of self-preservation. What if it goes off? What if, like right now, he needs to access it quickly, but not without tracking across the foyer, the sitting room, a mini-library,
The monitor that ran the command prompt flashes once, and a mugshot of a balding, middle-aged man greets them. Tony scrutinises his flat features, and frowns. “Have we met?”
“How?” Tony disables internet access altogether on his laptop, and begins to pour over his data. “This is a name list, Steve, and it doesn’t tell us their current whereabouts. By the time we know that, it would’ve meant successful synchronisation between the Helicarriers and Insight satellites. We can’t win this one, Steve.”
“So, Mr Stark.” Another pump on his cock, and precum eventually slides along the length. “How do you want this? My hand, or my mouth?”
The computer screen behind Steve – about an inch above Steve’s right ear – suddenly flickers. Tony’s grip on his tire iron tightens. “Did you touch anything, Steve?”
Tony groans sharply from where he’s crouching. His knees give out and he lands on his butt, crushing his pen drive and cell phone under his weight. The door knob jingles some more, each tug more violent than the last.
Steve smiles wider, and the lines of fatigue miraculously ebbs away. Tony wants to take all the credit for that. “I’m fine. How’s your week?”
“No, they’re here to make money, not charity, and I need to convince them that we can turn around three-million-dollar into something more! You got to give me something better. The last survival analyses isn’t cutting it.”
“When we found out America had joined the War, we went to Goldie’s Boxing Gym downtown every day for two weeks straight. He taught me some brawling moves, and we sparred for hours on end. I swear my fingers were so cramped I thought they were gonna stay bent like that for the rest of my life!” Steve draws in a deep breath, and chuckles. “Then, we dropped by a Recruiting and Induction Centre. They gave me a 4F on the spot. Bucky was accepted. Anyway, the rest is history.
She slaps him meekly around the arm and pulls away. He misses her warmth already, but lets her withdraw into the plastic chair he’s been occupying since the beginning of time.
Steve unleashes his apology in a stream of open-mouth kisses along the side of Tony’s neck, swathed in a sheen of sweat. He doesn’t poke and prod at Tony’s past injuries, content with abusing a perky nipple and the tensing flesh around his navel. He’s close, Tony’s close… their cocks sloshing with mixed precum that Tony is using for lubrication.
Convinced and relieved that Tony is no longer worrying about spontaneous human combustion, fatigue slams into him like a logging truck. He hasn’t rested since his escape from the Triskelion. That was almost forty-eight hours ago. Adrenaline has been soaring high, and now he’s crashing. His vision swims and he closes his eyes to the morning light, his skull thudding gently against the wall as he leans back.
“It’s fine.” Tony pulls the zip down and Steve’s cock springs immediately into view. Man has been walking around commando the entire journey from the Triskelion to Malibu? “It’s
at metal projectiles that for some reasons, are homing onto him. And they keep coming back, no matter how hard he fights.
Pepper glances down at the piece of paper Tony has taken some time preparing over lunch. His chicken scratch-handwriting fills up a good portion of the first page, and nothing on the back. She folds it in half, and says, “You want us to stop selling these items to SHIELD?”
“… Sure. Anyway, I hope you like your coffee black because I don’t have creamer and sugar on me.” Again, he holds the ramen cup with both hands, and steam rises. These demonstrations can’t be flukes. He really
“I know apologies won’t change a thing I said and did to you, Tony. Maybe one day, I’ll earn your friendship again. Take care of the team for me.”
Tony’s about to head out as Clint treks past the sandy mats, but Steve stills him by the wrist, and plain ignores the what-are-you-up-to eyebrow-rise Tony gives him. Now is as good a time as any, right? The showers are located at the back, each stall separated by sturdy cubicles to afford users some privacy.
In one fluid swipe, Steve pulls the towel free from Tony’s waist, and tosses is over the cubicle’s door.
responds to Steve gripping his waist, fingers dipping into the beginning of curves of his buttocks. Just by closing a palm over the arc reactor, Steve can render him completely docile. He fears for his life, yet he allows Steve to inevitably strips him off his clothes, and superficial dignity, and edges him to a giddy climax.
Steve slides under Tony’s waistband, and he works on it furiously, no preamble, no holding back, and Tony finds himself shuddering against Steve’s broad frame, gasping for mercy. Touching him raw like that – there’s pleasure to be sought in his discomfort –
He’d think the douchebags that keep stealing his works and turning them against him would’ve wizened up by now. His doodles, his designs, his engines, his ship. “
“That’s why it’s dangerous, Pep. With that kind of information, it takes only a second to crawl the Net and match that face to a name, or a phone number, or an address – and with the rampancy of personal information sharing on social media, GPS that work twenty-four-seven – there’s not one place a person can be that we won’t know about. You might want to check with Steve what
“Yeah, well, you need to do better than that next time. Pick up your damn phone when we call, for instance.”
“He may not be a soldier, but don’t underestimate his courage and wit in matters as such. We’ll only gain from his counsel. I would personally vouch for him.”
, that’s game over. Rosebud. His hands are tied until the clock says eleven-thirty, so until then, he’s pre-empting. He’s laying out all the possible codes, all possible permutations of offense and defence to bring Insight and SHIELD to a complete digital meltdown. God, he’s been wanting to show SHIELD up for ages, and now
He eyes the array of candies by the cashier forlornly, knowing full well he can’t afford them, and bids Mr Tough Guy adios. And then, he walks past the aisle stocked up with freeze-dried coffee powder. Bags and bags of them.
you’re going to repair any malfunctioning equipment. Voluntarily. We need the radars up pronto, and you’re the best engineer we got.”
Steve doesn’t like the odds. “STRIKE Team Alpha. Rumlow, we have four pounds of C-4 strapped to the western walls. I need a perimeter as far back as 39th. Stark, any movement from the Goblin?”
They sit like that, not speaking, not moving for the next God knows how long, as Agents – all donning STRIKE vests and totting MP5 – pace the corridor. One eventually approaches, and he does not wear a helmet. His gun is slung against his back, and with his freed-up hands, he cradles half a dozen of bottled water.
normal – and God, why are they looking here so long? What’s so jarring about a normal-looking lady sitting in a discreet corner of the staff canteen, by herself, without coffee or snacks on her table, her laptop closed before her as she stares at air molecule?
They’re quickly losing light. Steve activates the flashlight option on his tablet and holds it up by Tony’s ear.
Tony clasps a palm over his nose and mouth, forcing himself to hold everything in, every blink, every inhale and exhale. Shapeless shadows glides on the floorboard and they offer no useable information – spindly and elongated when the light shines from one way, and bloated when from another. Tony takes his chance – he turns his head slowly to the right, easy, that’s it – and the bottom of his stomach plunges.
That’s the grand plan? Letting loose a flammable genius billionaire into the wilderness. There are dried twigs everywhere, he’ll be the reason this side of America record the largest bush fire on the planet.
Tony hums absent-mindedly as he flips it over and over again, eyes roaming over every inch of the vibranium shell. He pulls at the leather strap, taps on the convex side of the shield, and finally runs his palm around the edge.
“How many?” Tony gasps as he wipes sweat from his brows. He counts way too many feet in army boots for one metal-armed assassin.
It becomes immediately clear what Tony is asking of him. “Take Clint with you.” He never lets his men go unsupported on a solo mission.
and before he knows it, he’s pushed off the dais by a dead weight crashing down on him. His knee collides painfully with the blunt edge of whatever it is – it sure hurts like hell, he’s too old for this crap –
Scrambling back and forth between the servers and the armours’ platforms, he connects each one manually, and as he works feverishly, he thinks he hears another set of footsteps echoing from the floor above, matching his own pacing.
Steve promptly turns on his heels and leaves, assured that Tony will follow. That’s another favour he’s done for Tony there, help him save some face in front of a dame. He would be fine with hauling Tony out of the Triskelion by his collars.
There, that flinch. That sinking feeling and suspicion that Tony is about to give Nick hell for using his tech for Insight.
a win, isn’t it? “Our one-eyed nightmare is leaving for Europe tonight.” Steve looks up, one eyebrow cocked. “His death certificate is still, uh, valid. If that’s what you want to ask next.”
“Seriously.” Tony nudges Steve by his ankle. “Look at me,” and promptly gives him the largest eyeroll he can manage without permanently having the whites of his eyes stuck on his face. “What do you think this tablet is? The most sophisticated multitouch technology in the world, and you just put it on the floor that smells of burnt faeces.”
“He did that on purpose. Chose the most uncomfortable position to do his paperwork in so he wouldn’t fall asleep. Didn’t work, obviously.”
Five hours later, he attends debriefing with Rumlow. Fury has threatened the rest of the Avengers and STRIKE teams to stay put in medical, which is a huge favour on Steve’s part because
be a SHIELD to have. Ever. An international committee will be formed to ensure a repeat of such corruption to the highest levels of global security task force will never occur.
Not bragging, but transforming these cars into badass mofos is the least of his concern. Dialling up the power output, torque and engine’s responsiveness is his game plan. That sums up to replacing the crankshaft with a greater throw, exchanging the carburettors with something larger… only Mr Tough Guy doesn’t have one of those lying around, so, cross that. He did find a heatshield from the shed… waste not, want not. So, he sticks that around the exhaust manifold. Lowering the engine intake temperature increases power. Not the most elegant solution, but he’s not vying for a Best Innovation Prize 2017, is he?
Tipping the corner of his laptop so the screen is further hidden from prying eyes, Tony labours on his keyboard. Too bad he doesn’t carry change in his pocket, the staff over there just reloaded their coffee grinder. What he wouldn’t give…
Their line of vision cuts off as Steve raises his shield, blocking a barrage of bullets spraying at them. Yeah, they are cornered. Idiot.
“Lie face down.” Tony scoots to the other side of the bed, when Steve waves his hand vaguely. “You’ll have to take your robes off. There’s a pair of pants and some towels over there that you can use.”
is staring back at him. Steve’s chest rises and sinks with effort, but the vigour is unmistakeable. He grabs at the railing and pulls, and Tony rushes in to support him.
At the doorway though, Tony stops and turns back to him. “Rogers, aren’t you coming? It’s gonna be cool.”
“Guys?” Clint is holding his bow up, and the sudden loss of explosive chaos is momentarily disorienting. “I ran out of arrows. Sorry, I used them all up, Stark. They’re awesome.”
“Oh. I mean, figures right? Did you like, kidnap Mr Stark and bomb his house – I mean, the news don’t say it, but I’m just, theorising. So, you’re holding him hostage or something? Is that why you guys are… uh, maybe hacking into Stark Industries or something? For money?”
“Same guy who killed Nick. Metal arm. Like you said, fast, strong. I swear I broke a few ribs. I feel
One week later, Natasha radios in on the day Clint says she’s scheduled to come back. She says, “I can’t come back yet. This one is less of an idiot than I expected. Give me another week. Or a year. Nick says this village is famous for their eggnog, says I should try it out. It’s August, damn it. I’m sorry, Steve. Can I borrow Clint?”
“You mean, watch you ruin two cups of instant noodle?” Steve huffs indignantly and stands up. “I’ll look for wood.”
Steve pulls Tony away from the truck, and draws the curtains. They’re frilly and sissy as heck, but he’s appreciating them now.
The tablet Steve usually keeps on his person, tucked inside his sweater has slipped onto the tarmac. The motion sensor must’ve been triggered, the screen now alight. The time and today’s date is on display, as is the modified mugshot of Andrew Ilnyckyj.
She rolls her eyes and marches furiously to her table. She takes her seat in the executive chair this time, and swirls it so her back is set resolutely against the window. “This is a multi-billion-dollar transaction. We spent two months negotiating a deal which
“I’m tracking the signal. I need…” Tony’s eyes flicker to the screen, “Three more minutes. Kiss me.”
The most dangerous place is the safest, Tony respectfully disagrees. He can’t help his growing anxiety as the Triskelion looms closer, and wonders if this is an elaborate trick by Agent Hill. If that’s even her real name. Steve either has perfected the art of poker face, or is honestly untroubled by the turn of event, which to Tony means equal amount of complacency and idiocy. They’re on the road that will take them to one of the larger unloading bays, and more than twice in the last thirty seconds he’s been eyeing the door, in case he has to dive out of a speeding vehicle and attempt escape.
“I don’t know.” Tony is still chuckling. “I’m thinking it. I can will it. Boiling water takes more effort, but this is like breathing. Watch this!” Now, every finger of his right hand sports the same little flame.
Timing is of absolute importance. Hit Insight too soon, HYDRA gets a head start in proofing the mainframe and flushing out intruders. Hit it too
The truck rocks as he goes about whatever Tony just sets him to do. All things considered, for a normal guy, he’s handling this moment extremely well. It’s not every day one finds a presumed-dead Iron Man sitting in his truck, colluding with a wanted-dead-or-alive fugitive and still has the presence of mind to fix some hardware.
Tony loses all sense of time as he stirs awake for what must be the nth time. It’s familiar, flexing his fingers and toes and blinking rapidly to
Not one to judge a book by its cover, but Steve looks a decade younger than Tony, easy. A young man with ambitions. Tony remembers what it was like at the age, before he parks his soul behind a mahogany desk in a corner office on the fiftieth floor. “What a coincidence. I live there.”
An ugly splotch of reddish purple blooms magnificently under Tony’s right breast. An errant ribbing from an elbow, perhaps. A sucker punch.
“The Helicarriers will be launched eleven in the morning tomorrow. There’s an afterparty in the White House, if you’re interested in attending.”
“It’s good to be back!” Two more have just crossed the norther borders. As for him? “Initiate House Party Protocol.”
, so I’ll appreciate you sashay your ass up to Tech Support and leave me to my… balance sheets. I’ve a dateline, thank you.”
A shadow lifts and he’s forcefully rolled over to his back. There’s Steve’s face hovering before him, and for some reasons, the mechanical, three-pronged limb of Dum-E, too. Tony tuts loudly and wearily slaps away its pincher – it’s trying to pick his nose – and sits up.
Five minutes to midnight, they both make their way to Fury’s ward. Shoulder to shoulder, they march forth with their heads held high. When Steve pulls the door open, multiple voices pipe “Stark?” and Tony abruptly falls half a step behind Steve.
His HUD flashes red as his chest piece emits one last shot of bright blue light. Something shatters into sprinkles of metal and concrete, and Tony doesn’t waste anymore seconds. He makes a sharp curve mid-flight when his suit dips rapidly against the scream that just died in his throat. He’s losing altitude.
Forensics told him the shield was clean. Another dead end, then. No matter, he can worry about that later. Right now?
He can hear the cogs whirring in Tony’s head, no doubt running through hundreds of bullshits he thinks he can get pass Steve’s radar. Kudos for effort, but five years of hanging out with Howard Stark during the War had him prepared constantly – mentally and physically – for anything and everything. The same precociousness runs in the blood, and Steve is willing to bet all his 40’s monies that
Pulling out a chilled bottle of water from the rack, Tony shrugs and says, “Sure.” He kicks the fridge shut with his toe and walks back out of the kitchen. “See you next week, I guess. Fury wants a report on the engines.”
“What do they need to access something like Insight? A supercomputer? A Pentium Two?” But Tony suddenly grasps him by the wrist, pulling him to a stop. Steve cocks his head at an angle. A curious “What?” goes unspoken.
Steve follows the signage to the canteen, and finds himself the quietest table in a corner. A challenge really, as the number of Agents crawling the premise far exceeds expectation. It heartens even the weariest soul. It tells him there is still hope, that not all of SHIELD is corrupted.
“Oh, God. Kill me.” His fault. He went full-on paranoid on security before he dispersed his suits around the world. With fair
“… Just great, Rogers, thanks.” Tony suddenly sticks his hand out, his index finger pointing at the toolbox. “The screwdriver.”
A vague brush of desiccated knuckles on the back of his wrist almost had him unleash the Extremis. Tony starts and looks around, and his stomach stutters when
“Stay safe, Tony,” Steve reminds him with a hint of urgency. “Take your suit with you everywhere you go.”
Tony rips open the packaging of a breadstick and stuffs it in his mouth. “Nonsense. This is delicious.”
“That won’t be necessary.” Because shooing Steve off makes him look like a prude. He can handle some nakedness – this is really nothing compared to teaching a boardroom of hairless apes to look past the speedbumps into the bigger picture. Seriously, what’s one or five casualties when they are looking at a potentially multibillion dollars business?
This suit is a bit too lightweight for lifting a three-tonne mass. Still, he slips under it, right around the middle and flattens both palms against the surface. “Give me all you got, J. Up!”
“Homophobia has no place in this century, Steve. I thought you’d watched enough news to know that by now –”
Nothing like this can be kept secret for long anyway. Not that it’s anything insidious, something forbidden to be partaken in the shadows. Steve knows he’s only beginning to embrace this whole-heartedly. And when the news
, is all Steve sees, and his jaws clenched as he sets to work. “Should’ve waited for backup before you confront them –”
Something crackles on the other side, and sure enough, Steve – annoyed – replies, “You’re not supposed to be talking to yourself, Tony. It’s suspicious behaviour.”
“This.” Tony points at a headpiece clipped to his forehead. It has a ocular lens hanging over his left eye, hooked to a metal band that wraps around his brows like a high-tech crown. “I call it the Binarily Augmented Retro Framing, otherwise known as BARF. In my defence, I was too busy debugging it, so I didn’t put in enough effort into uh, naming it.”
Steve isn’t all that interested in this silly exhibition to begin with, but he loves watching Tony and his ego squirm.
Meaning, he’s not required to stay in the Tower any longer, and not required to work with Tony until and unless an interplanetary threat descends upon this good Earth.
“The processors aren’t built for wrecking firewalls. You know what? Give me that. I remember he looks like this intern we had over the summer five or six years ago. Andrew Ilnyckyj… see if I can stalk his Facebook, or LinkedIn – he’s at Buzzfeed now?”
Bucky used to be the only one who remembers it. The little trivia lives on in Howard’s son, who would’ve known.
The interns get off at level thirty, and Tony and Pepper continue their journey to the topmost floor in uncomfortable silence. She’s like a pressurised geyser waiting to go off despite a well-placed dignified smile. He on the other hand doesn’t have to feign nonchalance because he
Pierce arranged for him in the elevator as he was exiting the Triskelion. He got to know a cattle prod of some sort up close and personal. The small of his back is still sensationless. It was a no holds bar thrash party he’s glad he got out of by cannonballing out of the elevator cabin from the fifteenth floor.
“Yes. Exit and turn to your right. Take the elevator to Level Six. Look for number… you know what?” The staff grinned. “You’ll know it when you see it. Don’t blame the janitor. He’s a fan.”
He’s not unused to stuff of nightmare. The trick in not letting them take over his sanity is to handle them one at a time. It’s an uphill battle, what he calls “life”, basically… and this is baby play, yes? He climbs into the pickup truck and boy oh boy,
forget those words, those harsh, harsh words Tony spoke of, even when he was minutes away from making love to this body. When the rage and lust of the tonic consumed him, Steve let Tony mark him, claim him. That feels like a lifetime ago.
Tony turns back and locks eyes with Steve, annoyed that his singular effort in holding down the fort has just been rendered pointless. An overenthusiastic member of the press – one of Fox’s, Steve notes – pushes past Tony to get through the door. Tony grabs him by the elbow and yanks him back, half-shouting over the chaos, “This Tower is off-limits to civilians –”
Glass shattering, walls crumbling. The very foundation of his mansion shakes with renewed vigour as all thirty Iron Man suits of armour undock, ready to flee.
When he realises he’s going through checkboxes to live his life, he knows he’s screwed. Fun was as simple as trading train fare for a hotdog, and ending up trekking halfway across the country to get back home. Self-actualisation was him standing up against an idiot who made too much noise in the cinema, and winding up with a broken nose for the trouble.
“Get that off the Internet, will you?” Steve exclaims in exasperation. “What message are we sending out to the people? Have you seen the view count on that video clip?”
“… Your turn.” He makes to get up while Steve holds the tarp they’re sitting on still with his toes.
Two smacks on the roof later, Tony is again slaving away on his computer – so something must’ve worked. The truck shakes again as Gary descends. All right, he’ll bite. His main concern is Gary tattling on them, but would he really after doing Tony a favour?
“Sir, I detect heat signatures on the bay of the Potomac. Two individuals, both male. One is severely injured, his core temperature is dropping fast.”
“No.” Tony hikes his pants up and squats. He starts picking up dried leaves scattered around the grave. “Sounds like one of SHIELD’s super-secret programmes.”
The man loves his screwdrivers. They come in every size available, every shape. And hell, three of them Steve is pretty sure are customised. He grabs one at random – a Phillips size two – and presses the handle emphatically into Tony’s open palm. Tony takes it with him under the car, like an octopus snatching food and returning to hide between the rocks, when he starts whining and pushing the screwdriver into Steve’s vague direction again.
. On Steve’s personal cell. And what Fury commands, he obeys. He leaves the Avengers Tower for the Quinjet harboured at the JFK fifteen minutes since he hangs up, and doesn’t return until three days later. What he does for Fury in those three days is his own business – call it a personal favour. Call it Nick’s request for Captain America’s…
He has some cool holographic tech in his vaults, but they’re primarily used for displays – for work and entertainment. Like the Iron Man mascot that zips manically across the Tower’s foyer to greet and impress his guests. Innocuous purposes that don’t double as smokescreen against a secret sanctuary located a mere five hundred metres away from the Triskelion compound.
Tony kicks down the door and commandeers the atrocity that is Pentium Four sitting on the counter and sends out his Bat signal equivalent. He’s knocking his forehead against the doorframe as every second trickles away, when he hears the tell-tale
“You’re a dick, Tony,” he groans lightly when the wet tip of his cock smears gunk over the front of his pants.
He’s been driving southwest non-stop for five hours and finally takes the exit into Lee Highway to stop for gas and food. Despite being the hottest bachelor-cum-fugitive in town, he hasn’t been stopped even once on his journey. No roadblocks for him to bullshit his way out of. He knows SHIELD would stop at nothing to bring him in – probably not fussy about the dead-or-alive matter either. He parks his car near a park and keeps to himself, eyes toeing the cracks in the cement walkway. Where it gets brighter – more public areas, so more crowded – he raises his hoodie and continues to mind his own business. What must be the highlight of his evening is when he walks past a Sony showroom and a row of the latest Bravia screens. Each one is projecting his mugshot and a banner “Fugitive on the run” below it. He’s on nearly every national news channel, and Fox is
“… Regardless, I would advise against using the suits as collaterals in your unwavering objective of destroying Insight Helicarriers.”
SHIELD paramedics want to keep him hydrated, doped to the gills and alive. Didn’t they just do their darndest best to kill him? He hasn’t gotten signals this mixed up since Bern, 1999.
The floor-to-ceiling window on the northeast corner of the first-floor shatters as Tony blasts through it, the red-and-gold of his suit slips breaches perimeter swiftly.
While the syntax is still gibberish to Tony, two details stand out – the time stamp has been updated to “last accessed three days ago”, and a coordinate from
Before the punch connects with a nose, the mouth beneath it cries, “Don’t attack, Tony!” but too late, he can’t stop it. The flames disappear, but he’s still hot, and his body falls forward with the force of his attack. His assailant parries it, and with great skill pins him up against the side of the truck.
presence of mind left to process that – and distantly remembers getting himself checked last year for STDs. He rotates bed partners as quickly as he goes through his Bacardi stash, so.
This time, it’s for real. He’s alert, his senses linger on – which means, everywhere is perpetually hurting, and it’s intensifying – and he has no idea how to
He’ll be lying if that doesn’t shake him up a bit. What wars don’t? When the fire goes out and the ashes settle, there are only bodies to bag and bury.
Clint for hopefully half that time, and tries holding down the fort here in New York with Tony. SHIELD radars have been quiet for close to a year, and there aren’t signs of anything insidious in the planning.
Steve stumbles closer to Fury’s bed, and braces the railings. “They cut you open,” he whispers with disbelief, “your heart
“I’m with you,” Tony eventually sighs. “Just thinking out loud, you might want to suggest SHIELD to hire precogs instead. I’ve heard some interesting rumours about kids with special abilities. Try headhunting for some at Xavier’s School. I’m all for driving job creation.”
And that’s all Steve needs. He eases a finger in, praying that the Extremis would leave his digit alone. It’s warm, so very warm that it’s almost feverish. But, he keeps at it, loosening the muscles as much as he could while knowing full-well even with this half-baked preparation, it
“Double nope. He’s been up waiting for you,” the last word emphasised to invoke guilt – and it’s working. “He found your note and freaked out. Went to your bedroom, made sure that all your stuff was still here. He called SHIELD, and they told him only Nat is on active duty. You were just
“… Sure.” Tony’s lips tweak upward as he thumbs through the front pages. “What about this vibrator?”
riddling the backseat. Steve loses control of the car and swerves sharply into the divider, but Tony doesn’t see anything tumbling off with the inertia. The impact activates their airbags, dousing yet another stream of screeching expletives.
when Steve goes to check on him. Is this the same man who claimed to be allergic to sleeping, and subsisted on obscene amount of black coffee to keep his body running?
The gold of the fire reflected in Tony’s eyes highlights the hard lines in his face. He trembles, subtly, in a way that coincides with his clawing at the helmet he’s taken to hugging like a kid would his teddy bear.
attractive secretary to refill the copier with paper. “I uh, sprained my back when I tried to lift a stack of paper off the floor.”
Ross makes to open his mouth, but he shuts it and looks over his shoulder. Pepper stands her ground, but keeps her distance.
All his suits are spread out around the world, his sole companion committed android death to save his hide, and Steve…
Wrong operative word there. It was a deliberate effort to stay the hell clear from the circus. Clearly to no avail, is it? “I’ll tell you what, Steve. I’m having a go at the treadmill now, so I’ll come to the spa in an hour half.”
“The whole institution is corrupt, Steve! We need to tear it down. The people need to know. Stopping Insight today is not going to be enough. We talked about this, and you know it. This is not winning the war. It’s a stopgap. We need to go straight to the heart of the issue.”
December may not start off as well as he thinks, beginning from the multiple eyebrow raises, deer in the headlight looks he keeps getting as he makes his way to the staff kitchen. There’s one at the end of forty-fifth storey which is meant for the Avengers’ personal use, but he enjoys having his meals with some company. This is hardly the first time Captain America has wandered the commoners’ floor to get himself breakfast for a champion, so he greets every passing employee with a courteous “Good morning!” and eventually, “Is there something on my face? What is it?”
“I’ve studied the blueprints, Tony.” She turns on the tablet and magnifies the holograph big enough that Steve’s old notes on the periphery are legible. “There are no red flags. It’s an integrated visual and audio monitoring system with enhanced target or threat detection and identification –”
Steve knuckles collide with Iron Man’s, and it cartwheels into the ceiling. “Great. Did you programme them to be this bloodthirsty? Because I can’t tell!”
It’s not like Steve is keeping scores, but that’s one more favour he did for Tony, putting in some good words so Fury doesn’t kick him off the Avengers roster permanently. Even as the meeting proceeds, Steve sits through it semi-distracted, wondering if Tony will join them. He doesn’t, just to be clear, but Fury doesn’t question his absence, so Steve is more than happy to play along. When Steve finally excuses himself, now toting a non-descript package the size of a soap bar, the first question on his mind was where in pluperfect hell is Tony Stark.
Steve’s hooded eyes droop, and Tony knows it’s Steve-talk for this-isn’t-over. To him, it is. They deserve to savour this win. This
“… I forgot you got skin so perfect, acne is just a four-letter word to you.” Tony feels like his life is just about to be flipped a hundred and eighty, yet he’s smiling at that idea. “Anyway, all in all, a rather straightforward mission.
corporeal. She’s clawing at his biceps like a mad hamster and he stills her by her wrists. “Pepper, stop it –”
“That aside,” Tony scratches at the stubbles littering his chin. “This is a new car. Smells unfamiliar. You bought it?”
“Where is Steve?” He asks the lady to his left. “I just… you know, we’re best buddies. Can I request for a shared cell?”
Tony scrabbles to his feet and dashes past the library and spills into the second sitting room. This one has more furniture occupying the negative spaces, plenty of cover – he dives behind the couch and stills his palpitating heart.
“No,” Tony shakes his head, “Bionic Man was in my house because he wanted Stark Tech. Blueprints, schematics, freaking doodles. I think he even went through my thrash. Point is,” he kneads his temple with the heel of his palm, “Someone is poaching technology and information – very likely for weaponizing Insight. SHIELD pins everything on Nick, and sics Bionic Man on him to close the loop. Pierce stinks something funny. I looked up Insight’s database. They require Nick
“… We spoke about this, Anna. It’ll be fine. We don’t have to pretend after the transfer. The folks in Tech Support are super cool, they won’t talk.”
“… Is this a trick question?” The blade presses deeper into his flesh, and he hurriedly replies, “My house. We’re in,” he swallows again with more difficulty, there’s a growing lump in his throat, “my workshop. My garage.”
He can’t leave. The thumping of his heart in his ear – the gush of blood accompanying it drowns the cacophony of him making confetti out of the Helicarrier’s falling carcass. He screams as he labours in the sky, saving lives, one after another as he neutralises debris. He wishes so bad to
“A dead man.” A heat erupts in his guts when Steve flinches. “Your war buddy is an honest-to-God mass-murderer-for-hire. This isn’t revenge, Steve. This is justice. Can’t wash your hands off those blood. Ever.”
The collective hum settles down accordingly, and like sleepy bees, they hover contently mid-air. Steve heaves a sigh of relief. “Thank you.”
He almost pulls the driver’s door off its hinges. In the darkness though, the tablet Tony passes to him outside of Fury’s operation theatre shines so brightly on his dashboard it sears into his retinas.
Steve takes the bait. He goes higher, and higher, and Tony gets harder with each press and prod of those deft fingers.
“It’s what people think of me. I’ve no issue with it.” There’s no sugarcoating, no pretence in Steve’s urges. Tony groans at his own surging desires, but he pushes back. He’s not into
“… I die.” It’s like he doesn’t give two fucks anymore. What’s stopping the man from plucking the light out of his chest, with or without knowledge of the arc reactor anyways? “Nothing special… about it.”
Steve’s hands leave his body momentarily and Tony hears spurts of oil. It makes him think of a couple of things, neither are wholesome, and when the hands slap over the patch of skin over his hip, Tony almost yelps. The hands are warm, so much warmer than before, so much
I know your combat experiences surpass any Generals’ still alive, and I’m not kissing your ass, Rogers, so shut up and listen. When your call and mine differ, I choose to trust mine. My numbers, my codes. Yet, I was wrong. Time and again, you guys surprise me, and it’s not because I’ve been… looking down on – no, sorry, let me try again – I guess I should’ve trusted you.”
“Very well, Bambi, thank you.” He should take her out for lunch sometime. She’s been such a dear to Pepper, helping her out at work, the Yang to Tony’s Yin at managing Pepper’s temper. “Did you mention Captain Rogers?”
After that, Steve asks Tony to drop him off at his apartment, and Tony obliges. He hasn’t explicitly offered Steve to stay with him, but that goes without saying, right? Eventually, it occurs to him that he
the driver of an adjacent Toyota Corolla – balding, middle-aged man – suddenly climbs out of his seat, and raises both hands in the air. “The… the key is in the ignition, Sir.”
His bracelet is dead. It’s cold and quiet, a useless hunk of stainless steel around his wrist. His chest feels tight against his palpitating heart, his arc reactor warmer than usual as the generator drains the power stored within. The hole in the door quickly expands as the man kicks and punches at it, sending debris flying into the room.
“Whatever gives you that impression? God… I feel sick,” and promptly retches at the mat. Because Steve is Steve, he acquiesces and sidles to the ground, surrendering to the fate of babysitting one genius-billionaire for the next two hours or so. Services rendered though sadly, not monetarily compensated.
Steve readjusts his hold on his shield, and bids for Tony to follow. “’Ammunition supply point’. Army regulations forbid storing ammunition within five hundred yards of the barracks.” Pausing at the door, he lifts his shield to eye level. “This building is in the wrong place.” And promptly brings it down onto the handle, dislodging it completely that the door yawns open. “Try the switch next to you.”
“Are you surprised?” Steve presses lightly along Tony’s flank, checking for bruises. “This sort of thing happens all the time.”
He sees the green patch of a field growing vivid as he surrenders to gravity, and a splash of brain matter on soil. Here lies Anthony Stark, who was once brave to stand up for what’s right –
“You know, one month after I buried my parents twenty years ago, I realised I’d also inherited all of Dad’s empire. You know the first thing I did with all that money? I bought out the company that manufactured their car. I tore through their design archives – their engines, the hydraulics, the frames –
There’s barely enough lights for human eyesight to function, but Steve hesitates to turn on the flashlight.
Steve blinks, suddenly realising that he’s about to stick his cock into a microwave-equivalent, when Tony suddenly erupts into fits of controlled laughter, hands fisting his hair into clumps. This is a
.” Steve wedges a knee between Tony’s thighs, and forces one side of that arrogant cheek against the door. “You just don’t know when to stop, do you?”
They offer to host him at the Triskelion, or somewhere in DC should he want to wait for Steve. He declines. They offer to drive him home. Again, he declines. Not one to give up so easily, they then offer to chaperone him back to New York. He tells them to bugger off. Politely. There’s an unsettling chill in his spine, their nicety like poison. He tells them he's leaving, and they let him.
dealing with them again. Once is quite enough. “You’re just sulking ‘cause I don’t have to drink that tonic anymore.”
“I checked. The only cargo registered was a satellite strapped to a rocket, now in orbit. The hangar was empty.”
“Desperate times call for desperate measures. He doesn’t do that routinely,” the edge of Steve’s lips twitch, and he fakes a light cough.
He flips Tony over again so he’s lying on his stomach. Snaking one arm around his middle, Steve reels him in until he’s on four. A rather vulnerable position – Steve locks Tony’s ankles with his own – plenty of openings for attack, no means for defence.
He’s not that cruel. Read between the lines – he’s gifting Tony a way out, despite how today has transpired. That’s ten minutes of a head start should Tony wants to mount an escape. The key is purposely left in the ignition. All Tony needs to do is to hop into the driver’s seat and speed off, fat middle finger a-waving.
Little stack of hay that’s now reduced to cinders. Tony grabs a broken stick from a pile of garbage and scatters the remnants before they grow into a proper fire – when the stick too lights up where his fingers have closed around.
The teleconference ends in under an hour. The strange EM waves subside fifteen minutes since detection, and SHIELD engineers suspect malfunctioning tech. Much ado over nothing, then. Steve bids Fury good night, and shuts the connection.
When Steve finally leaves, Tony – in the company of himself – shakes his head. Even at times like this Steve is still lecturing everyone.
“I’ll have to stop you right there, yes? Pepper, Pepper,” he takes her hands gently in his, and she frowns a little. “OK, breathe. Come on, humour me. Breathe, hoo…” It makes her look like she’s giving birth, but that’s fine, too. Pepper being nervous makes
Upon which Gary immediately propels to the opposite corner, and gestures to Steve the path that he just cleared. Steve plods over, wanting nothing more than to end this charade and get their asses back in the car so they could be on their merry way to the Triskelion.
Under the welcoming address of “Trespassers will be prosecuted”, the words “Camp Lehigh” take up most of the space. The black paint used to write them are almost completely flaked off. The “p” is barely visible. Tony abandons the gates and joins Steve by the signage. “Camp… Lehigh?” he reads aloud. “Makes sense. Looks military on the other side of the fence.”
“You are a man of great resources, Mr Stark,” Ross continues as if never interrupted. “I know you have ears in strategic departments within the government. Tell me, have you heard of Project Wide Awake?”
Four fifteen on the dot and Tony is rock hard down there by the time he reaches the spa. Steve is already waiting for him, seated in a distant corner folding towels. He nods and smiles at Tony, crowfeet showing despite his youth, and gestures at the massage bed. Feels almost routine. Tony takes off his clothes and piles them in a large woven basket. He puts on the same flimsy pants without bothering to turn his back against Steve.
order. And you weren’t informed about it.” Steve huffs indignantly, and applies toothpaste on a spare new toothbrush he finds in the cabinet above. “Sounds like you’ve been had.”
“Tell you what. You’re the DaVinci, the Van Gogh. Do us a facial composite. Get the news out to the FBI, maybe. They’ll want to nail the bastard that did Nick in, won’t they?”
“He said, there’s a ninety-seven percent chance of this failing. The odds are stacked against me. I was a goner. I accepted that.” For good measure, he jabs a finger into Steve’s chest. “And don’t baby me. My life, my decision.”
That’s not any of the good stuff. Not morphine. He feels the burn of the liquid coursing his vein. This isn’t how biologics usually work. It’s searing, almost painful, travelling upstream from wrist to shoulder.
“Fucking hell!” The door slams so hard in their face it bounces and doesn’t close fully. “Definitely not Rogers. Let’s go!” Steve didn’t even get to see a face. No matter. Their hurried footsteps
“You sure you wanna play this game, Cap?” Steve hisses when Tony bucks his ass against Steve’s crotch, grinding into him with vigour. “You know of my reputation.”
” the best he can while flicking at the sleeve of Steve’s grey undershirt. It’s not quite fair for only one of them to be butt-naked. Responding absolutely in-character, Steve ignores him, and reaches behind him to turn on the shower. Hot water so soothing to the weariest flesh hit them square on their heads.
He quickly wriggles his index finger, and Steve releases him with a loving shove. Just to be clear. Tony swivels his chair around and points at him, “You. Is this your van?”
“It doesn’t work, OK?” Tony sighs, and runs his hand through his tussled hair. “There are tests done by the real experts. FBI profilers, police detectives, clinical psychologists, students. I only need to mine the available data and cook up a version two-point-oh, and I’m telling you, there’s no guarantee of predicting who would’ve done what. Profiling is just dressed-up astrology. Besides,” dried leaves crunch in his fist as it tightens, “even if they have such an algorithm, they still need the mechanism for target detection and identification. Unless you’re telling me their satellites can magically read people’s DNA from orbit, which I call bullshit –”
When the coast is clear, Tony whistles lightly and watches the clouds as Steve tasers the pair in their waists. They drop instantly without so much as a “You!”. Steve clicks his tongue. That’s the cue, so Tony leaps to his feet to help Steve drag the bodies into the bushes behind. Crude as it seems, this is premeditated. They’ve come prepared to the gills. Step one, knockout a couple of unfortunate Triskelion employees and steal their IDs. Speedily done, Tony notes as he nicks the lanyard off their necks and passes the woman’s ID to Steve.
“OK. We’re in a hurry, so I’m gonna cut right to the chase. I’m trying to grab a little something from some hard-crypt data files. I don’t have enough juice. I need you to jump on the roof,” Tony points upward, “Recalibrate the ISDNs, pump it up by about forty percent. OK?”
“I’ll make you a deal.” The words spill from Steve’s lips before he can stop himself. “I will not tolerate rogue members in my team. If you want to stay an Avenger, keep your goddam toe behind the line. If you cross it, I’ll come for you.”
would’ve – must’ve – come down on her without mercy. She's their only connection to the missing Tony Stark. “That was selfish and stupid and it won’t happen again. And I’m sorry in advance because… I can’t come home yet. There’s something I need to do. You got to stay safe. That’s all I know.” He’s sobbing. His own lips taste too salty.
When the back of Steve’s seat rattles rhythmically with Tony’s pounding, it takes every fibre of self-control to not ram the car into the curb. He can’t complain, can’t tell them to keep the fucking to themselves because the constant smacks and moans and slapping of balls on balls are killing him. He wants to give up the charade.
“I also need you to hook all the suits onto the servers, and backup everything into the suits’ memory. We’re repurposing House Party Protocol into flash drives.” That’s right. That’s genius right there, turning all Iron Man suits into offline storages capable of self-protection and termination of hostile targets with extreme prejudice. And they are many – forty of them, so good luck to SHIELD catching them all as they fly scattered all over the globe. As for the sitting ducks that are the twelve-cabinets-full of database master servers lining the eastern wall, they’ll be ash by the end of the day.
“There’s a lot of interest in the company’s mission and future direction after the Expo. Some people remember what your father wanted for the country post-War, and they have their eyes set on the next prototypes we’re rolling out from our labs.”
“I don’t even know where these people are,” Tony bites out bitterly. “I have names, but not coordinates or e-mail addresses or phone numbers! Not until Insight goes online and engages the Maps or social media, there’s no way to tell. By the time we could, it would’ve been too late.”
The first word out of Tony’s mouth is a cuss. And it’s completely justified. He’s been to Hell and back, multiple times in the span of a week, so fuckity fuck, if spewing vulgarities helps him feel better, he will.
Rough finger pads scrape against the underside of his scrotum, and Tony finds it really tough to compute what Steve has just said.
another streak of out-of-character display. Not from Pepper, whom he believes would be the last sane person standing on Earth, all things considered.
That’s adrenaline and blood rush and aftermath of going a few rounds with the punching bags. Thank you for the offer, but he’d rather fuck a PVC pipe lined with sandpaper.
At three on the dot, he makes his way down to the massage room on the fifth floor. It’s dimly lit and doesn’t smell like a Chinese funeral home for a change, so thank God for keeping it real and
“Cap?” Rumlow approaches. Sounds like the discussion with the surgeon has concluded. “They want you back at SHIELD.”
He holds onto Tony like life itself. The spitting fire, hellish heat and chaos… goes on for far too long. In death’s embrace, Steve grounds himself to Tony’s presence, the flesh and bone a reminder of vulnerability – they’re not going to make it out alive. Not this time.
This must be Tony’s lucky day, to have escaped what must be like chores to him by the skin of his teeth. The radars are up, the systems are functional. There’s no need for an engineer working overtime here. Instead of celebrating or gloating at Steve for the wasted effort of making the four-hour trip down to DC, he pales considerably, his chest heaving with exertion.
“Have you been sleeping?” A question that barely rises above his breath, but it startles Tony all the same. His tongue makes this
Coffee spills onto the table top when Tony laughs into his mug. “Wow – talk about silver lining.” He holds his phone out, and Steve takes it. “It’s the Senator. Read her e-mail.”
Clint has started showering, his out-of-tune humming drowning their hissing spits. Steve steps back from the entryway. “We don’t have to do this.”
It was. Harking back to 1914, it was first built as a base for the US Army. By 1943, it was repurposed into a screening facility for candidates deemed suitable for Project Rebirth. It was as much of a home to the scientists and consulting physicians as it was to the soldiers. To Steve, it was where it all started. His beginning.
December first, it’s a Friday, and eight-thirty in the morning. Hello, Manhattan. Steve Rogers pulls the sheets off his waist and makes no heed to the snow blanketing the streets below, if only he bothers to look out of his window from the forty-fifth storey. Anyway, since it’s December, he’s expecting the Tower to get lit up at night like a giant, phallus-like Christmas tree – screams of Stark in every way imaginable – so he might as well do the sight-seeing after dinner.
“Close your eyes. Deep breath.” His world darkens, and he trusts Steve’s mesmerising voice to guide his way. “Hold it in. Three, two… one. Exhale, slowly. Three, two, one. Deep breath… three, two, one…” Steve’s voice is a constant, his mantra of calm and reason, and it comes from his left. “Keep going. I’m starting the procedure.”
Steve’s eyes flutter when a roughened palm close around their heads. Calluses that are proof of Tony’s genius and diligence, slogging away at his engines and bots since he was four. More litter his body – Steve is running his thumb along one, a gash that runs from Tony’s breast to his stomach – and there’s a mesh of something worse around his heart.
“Sir, I detect an anomalous spike in heat generation and conduction on the underside of the construction –”
Resigned to his predestined, impromptu matchmaking, Tony leans forward as Milos freezes where he sits – perhaps he too doesn’t anticipate such forthcomingness from someone of Tony’s stature, in full view of Captain America no less. That is, until Steve stops Tony midway by a firm grip around his elbow.
“Very thoughtful,” Clint agrees, and goes off shooting them arrows at punching bags. Watching them burst, spraying sand everywhere like a caricature of arterial puncture is ghastly satisfying. Suddenly, Steve doesn’t feel too guilty about the damages he’s incurred while perusing the facilities.
“Tony, that’s enough.” Steve pulls the flaming arm down. “I’ve known Maria since SHIELD took me in. I trust her.”
Tony collects himself in record time and he turns around, still on his knees, on four, and he crawls up into Steve’s lap. Chin tilting upward, he coos, “I’m a generous lover. Let me,” and his fingers dance suggestively over the waistband of Steve’s yoga pants.
“No, he’s dead, for real. His last address was fourteen thirty-five Elmhurst Drive. Nick’s mother lived two doors down.”
have a kink? It’s good to be reborn into this century. We got all sorts of crazies for you to explore.” Steve nudges at him to go on, rocking gently into Tony. Fingers slide closer to the base to close around their sacs, and Steve’s cheek careens against Tony’s temple.
He tugs violently against his bonds, but they won’t give. He’s effectively chained to his cot, upended to hold him in a standing position. This isn’t the afterlife either, this is his garage. His collection of supercars looks pristine on the other side, his computers are – to his horror – still turned on, running some programmes that he doesn’t recognise. He twists his neck to the far right – thank God – the rows of cradles meant to house an Iron Man each have all been vacated.
His cyber trail is a freaking yellow brick road when he keeps the route open like this. He works his mojo, tries to deflect all indications that would no doubt point to him and his computer occupying this very spot. He’s already cycling through shell accounts like Steve does his punching bags.
Coming to San Diego has been a rite of passage for Tony. A pilgrimage for his soul that ends up with him questioning every fibre of his being. It’s unravelling even the more tangible aspect of it – his career, his potential and value – which isn’t great for self-esteem. It’s his sixth day in the city, his sixth day in Pendry. He’s packing and leaving tomorrow after breakfast, without a single contract signed, sealed and delivered to his mother company in Boston.
“Work on it, Stark.” The hand on Tony’s chest swoops upwards to wrap snugly around his throat. His Adam’s apple bobs in Steve’s clutch, the handjob stuttering again. “Breathe,” Steve reminds him. The muscles along his throat flex again, rebelling against the pressure Steve is putting on it.
“No,” Steve cuts in coolly. “Our plan is to get to New Jersey, find out what’s on that flash drive that got Nick killed, and use it expose the conspiracy within SHIELD. Not everything has to be solved with bullets, Tony.”
Still unadjusted to the sudden loss of his sight, Milos fumbles around, jittery hands exploring the expanse of Tony’s exposed body. The first things his palms rest on are the knees, and slowly he progresses upward, thumbs gliding along the inner thighs… until fingernails scrape against Tony’s taut sacs. Poor him, to have endured teasing for so long, his release denied.
The man drops him onto a workbench and Tony instinctively wraps an arm around his stomach. He’s on his back, putting off pressure from his broken body. It doesn’t hurt as much like this. Compassion, hey. Maybe the man will even let him go.
– the passenger seat is bundled up in faded T-shirts, sort of like a makeshift seat cover, so Tony helps himself to one.
Steve hooks his arms under Tony’s and pulls. It’s so easy to dislocate a shoulder, snap a spine – so easy to hold this body hostage against Tony’s obnoxiousness. “I’m letting go of your left arm,” he mutters, hip still thrusting in rhythm. “Touch us,” and proceeds to stick his pelvis out the best he could so his cock, neatly stacked under Tony’s, is readily accessible. He’s considerate like that. “Come on, now.” His has a slight curve upward, and it’s frankly, supremely embarrassing to have it bump against Tony’s at the slightest shift. Some colour might have shown on his face, but this is his parade. He makes sure his prey is as good as stuck in a quicksand.
Thirty minutes before their private affair broke out in a circus – roughly speaking, after three more orgasms on Steve’s part before he let Tony have his – Steve did the nice thing and left Tony to collect himself on the soiled bed. Tony didn’t dare to deploy the Extremis to its fullest capacity
Steve turns abruptly to face Tony again, and Tony looks away, shame and guilt plastered on his features.
Saturday morning, six hours before his flight back to Boston, Tony’s week-long business trip hasn’t amounted to anything tangible. No deals cut, no contracts signed. He thought of saying his goodbyes to Steve at the spa – his luggage in tow – but miraculously finding himself flagging for a cab on the curb nevertheless. Pendry Hotel looms in the rear-view mirror as they dash down the highway. Tony adjusts his necktie, and casts his view out of the window.
That aside, all in all, it's a good day's work. Steve attends debriefing at the Triskelion alone wearing a mild expression of one suffering from a case of hemorrhoid. His temper sizzles when Fury holds the door open an extra two seconds after he walks in, clearly expecting someone else and asks, “Where’s Stark? I thought he arrived last minute to the party.” And then, cutting right to the chase, let's say Fury uses very stern words while addressing the risks of engaging targets in remote. They’re lucky there wasn’t a misfire or situations that necessitate someone making
A drawer slams shut from the kitchen. Heavy footsteps begin to prowl the floors, and Tony swallows thickly. His heart flutters in his throat. It’s as if the intruder has no more regards for inconspicuousness. In the stark stillness, every step echoes. A distinct mark of threat, and challenge.
“I’ll see you at breakfast,” he says, and he drops them in Tony’s palm. What else is there to add? Should he give his thanks for the entertainment? It had been such fun. But, when Tony takes his keys without a word, without even looking at him in the eyes and walks up the stairs without ado, Steve knows sleep won’t come easily tonight.
harms your body, if it has side-effects we don’t know about. I want to play safe. We don’t have time for unnecessary risks.”
come direct from SI’s vaults. Every piece designed personally by Tony himself. The Merchant of Death, the back-then child prodigy of smart artilleries. It’s good business, but something tells Steve money isn’t the only motivation.
The teasing from before hasn’t yet subsided. The knot in his core tightens despite Gary’s whining on the outside, and what must be a fleet of Agents trying their best to get inside.
“It’s fine, not a problem. Look, it’s probably only four thirty or something, wake me up in a couple of hours. We can have dinner, catch up. It’s not nice to leave my guest alone at night, is it? Maybe we can arrange a slot or two for your first scientific seminar at the Expo about energy conservation, OK?”
It’s not exactly a trending research area for all the aforementioned reasons. It’s not all gloom and doom, either. Fatalities in translational studies happen every once in a while. The folks are trying their darndest to save people. Do not take that away from them, despite what the headlines may say.
Tony Stark used to be enthusiastic about this job. He shows up at work two hours before everyone else does, and leaves his office near midnight. It’s not stipulated anywhere in his contract that he should work like a dog, but he does. It’s not even about the money. He’s getting loads of them, just to be clear, but he’s not driven by the zeroes trailing his pay check, or the size of his corner office on the twenty-fifth floor.
“… So did I.” Steve trudges to the gates and makes quick work of the locks and chains. “This camp is where I was trained.”
It’s only four, and there’s still sunlight. He still has time to walk the grounds. Explore. Talk to Agents, to Maria or Fury. Watch the news, study the enemy. Think. Conspire. Call Pepper, maybe. So, he drapes his damp towel on the back of his chair, and slips under the blanket on one of the beds.
“I saw his face, Tony.” Steve lets Tony go, and goes to sit on the foot of his bed. “It’s him. But, it can’t be. He’s dead. He fell.
He feels the Extremis clawing inside him, begging to be released as his own frustration and mounting anger strokes it. “Pepper, leave us.”
“Yeah? Like how you’ve known Rumlow? How you trusted him? His pal put a gun to your head, Steve. You remember that?”
has, and the tension is thick enough for Steve to crack with his shield. He applies salve generously over the blemish, and Tony holds both arm and tongue still. The sooner they get this done and over with, the better.
Tony doesn’t comment for a long while. He deliberates while he continues picking his leaves and debris, and even uses his handkerchief – actually Steve’s, he gave it to Tony to mop up nosebleeds – to scrub off traces of mud over Maria’s name.
Tony grabs his helmet and rushes clumsily to the front door. He sits on red earth – dog shit, whatever, he doesn’t care – and curls up against the wall. It’s much cooler here, thank the rain, and sucks air like a vacuum cleaner. His insides are torched. He needs
Rollins kicks Steve in the knees, forcing him to the ground. The newly conjured fireball stays in his palm, and disperses to hot air when the barrel of Rollins’ pistol digs into Steve’s temple. “It’s over, Mr Stark. One wrong move and Rogers get it.”
Steve huffs indignantly, and points at the ceiling. “Does anyone else find Tony’s sudden absence disquieting?” He shakes his head. “No, there’s something more to this, and I need answers. Are you helping me locate Tony or not?”
“That’s odd. I can look for the pants, but if you don’t mind draping the towels over your waist – yes, like that.”
from the mound of turned turtle vehicles and gas leakages, Steve marches through them, and towards yet another black truck that screams suspiciously of SHIELD. Tony’s instinct is to knock Steve out, heave him over his shoulder and runs the hell away, when the door slides open to reveal –
“I’m blasting this apart,” he gasped, and his overworked chest reactor whines in protests. “Warn me if I miss any chunks.”
Something whizzes past – all sixteen pieces, to be exact – and wallops into the back of his skulls. Blood splatters across the wall – on Tony – he shudders at the warmth and stickiness. Despite the lethal forces, the man
“I’ve some proposals for you to go through,” Pepper says, and her heels tap away on polished marble as she leads him the way. “My office?”
The problem about owning a suit of armour that breaks supersonic is the sheer temptation of doing exactly that, especially when he deems the situation justify it. Fury’s knocking on heaven’s door! Surely blazing through the sky in Mark 40 makes more sense than flooring his Audi R8 Coupe for all four hours from New York. Mark 40 is the fastest he has in the Iron Man armoury – the Hypervelocity Mark 40, nicknamed “Shotgun”.
And from the tail of his eye, Tony stirs. That’s his cue. He owes an apology to his team. Most of all to Tony, Tony who is still jerking where he lies, eyes squeezed shut and lips twitching in discomfort.
– how long it took us to schedule that meeting with Ackard? How many strings I have to pull to get you that forty-five minutes, and you what,
Then again, brisk walking naked in a baggy jumpsuit must be quite an experience. As they approach the steps leading up to the foyer, a man holds the door open and salutes. “Captain Rogers, Colonel Fury is expecting you in his office.”
“… Yeah. Yeah, I’m uh…” He clears his throat and leaps off the bed in an instant, one arm already reaching out for his bathrobes. Not his, probably, he doesn’t think he comes in them, but the robes are there, and he’s a paying customer, so God help him. “Thanks, Steve.”
, the familiar orange glow grows stronger. Tony calls out to Steve like a mantra, and his eyes flame up, his hands
His heart somersaults. He sticks the key into ignition, and tucks the tablet in his waistband. “This is good, right? Can you still hear me?”
It takes a different level of detachment to function at War. How many times had he parked his soul under his bed as he slung his gun across his back and marched out to flirt with Death once more? Here lies Tony, at the brink of everything, with him, his salvation. Steve reaches under Tony and gauges the way the rod bends under Tony’s weight.
He’s not the only one with the brilliant idea of sharing meals with non-superheroes. Natasha Romanoff and Clint Barton have already polished their cereal bowls, and both are waving at him from the table they are seated at. Steve gratefully joins them, this time adamantly refusing to acknowledge a scowling janitor who mutters under his breath, “Faggot.”
He’s pretty certain his entire person is made up of bruises, and for that, he gives his endless thanks to the heavens above. He’s fine, he can move, he can shrug off this thick slab of concrete that’s keeping him sandwiched between freedom and doom. When the dust settles, Steve strains his ears for signs of movements. The grounds above is still scorched, so time can’t have passed too much since the drop. He dares to poke his head out of his hidey hole, and sees only darkness.
finish first. Before he can protest – or burn Steve’s cock that’s still embedded inside him – Steve flips over to his knees, and thrusts into him, twice.
The cold steel of the blade rests meekly against his cheek. “The sedatives are wearing out,” the man rasps, and Tony blinks away unmanly moisture in the well of his eyes. “Do you know where you are?”
“Wait, wait, wait!” Steve struggles futilely against the Iron Man shackles. What’s impressive is Tony can hear the gauntlets whirring overtime, that it takes quite an effort to hold Steve in place. At this rate, Steve might own his ass after he pry himself free. “I haven’t showered.”
Bright orange eyes are suddenly staring back at him. A hand shoots out of nowhere, translucent and alight, and it closes over Steve’s forearm.
“You’re Iron Man, aren’t you?” Steve catches Tony’s eyes, his own fierce with pride. “With or without the suit. I need you on the computers. I need you to front a digital attack on SHIELD’s mainframe to take the programme down.”
“SHIELD is not what we thought it was. It’s been taken over by HYDRA. Alexander Pierce is their leader.” Don’t sugarcoat it for them. “The STRIKE and Insight crew are HYDRA as well. I don’t know how many more, but I know they’re in the building. They could be standing right next to you.” Tony curbs the sudden urge to look over his shoulder, even if he’s sitting flushed against the wall. “They almost have what they want: absolute control. They shot Nick Fury and it won’t end there. If you launch those Helicarriers today, HYDRA will be able to kill anyone that stands in their way, unless we stop them.” A sigh steals a moment, but Steve presses on, “I know I’m asking a lot, but the price of freedom is high. It always has been, and it’s a price I’m willing to pay. And if I’m the only one, then so be it. But I’m willing to be I’m not.”
On the sixth consecutive day of The Invisible Iron Man, Steve almost wants to impersonate food delivery guys. Tony only speaks to them these days.
Steve can’t catch up with Tony sometimes. It’s the multifaceted life and persona that confuses the crap out of him, or maybe it’s the way modern society is. Something Steve can’t get used to, and that’s either a great shame, or a gift. Can’t get used to Tony coming to him quiet and contemplative, perhaps in search of an answer, or guidance – Steve suspects – like right now. His demeanour, earlier fraught with naughty contempt has completely lifted, leaving only a husk of a weary man shouldering the guilt of his life’s works.
assuming that is what happened, and that these… abilities won’t be mispurpose for malicious intents in time.”
“No – no. This isn’t…” And Tony can’t keep the pretence up anymore. He steps out of the room and would’ve stood right inside Steve’s personal space if not for a tactful retreat on the latter’s part, and promptly closes the door behind him. “I am so,
“It’s taking advantage of this CNN-bullshit and vying for the public’s sympathy, to sway Congress to our agendas.”
Shenanigans! Tony thinks, shenanigans! This is a ploy to confuse him while held captive by the enemy against his will. He’s so confused… which, frankly, could be explained by the concussion he must’ve gotten when Silver Arm chuck him across the road into the windshield of that wrecked car. But, he heals speedily nowadays, doesn’t he? Which also reminds him: Tony runs both hands over his chest where his arc reactor used to be and finds only smooth, chiselled flesh. He’s a whole boy again! Is this how a normal body function? He’s been missing out a lot. No more perpetual ache and deep-settled heaviness in his core. No more need to be mindful of how he sleeps at night. No more freaking apnoea to worry about!
was secretly instructed to chair a covert commission to, shall we say, keep a lookout on extraordinary activities in the community. We codenamed it Wide Awake.”
“General Ross,” she greets, and holds the door open to admit an elderly man with hoary hair and moustache. He is tall, and carries an air of military discipline in the way he marches into the ward. His stony expression does not betray what he thinks of Steve lying deathly still in his bed, before he shifts to look squarely at Tony.
“There’s a public briefing and viewing session from the deck at ten,” Steve raps under his breath, and Tony stops tapping on his keyboard. “The press and guests of honour will stay there for the launching. That’s twelve. Lunch will be served at twelve-thirty.”
But not without a cost. “May I?” Steve gestures at the bedside trolley. There’s copious amount of antiseptic to drench a body and enough lengths of gauze to mummify it. “My first aid skills ain’t so bad.”
“Hey, Cap!” Tony spots Steve huddled in a corner, a megawatt grin plastered over his stupid face. “They want your autograph next to mine. C’mere!”
Another squeak from Gary’s corner puts an almighty frown on Tony’s face, and he spins the chair away from his audience of one, clearing his throat as he goes. This is as good as it gets, then, Steve surmises, deliberately not looking at his bulge and willing himself to think of boiled cabbage and mouldy bread instead.
“Because you sulk all the time? You won’t look me in the eye after you drop by the Expo. See? There.
“How are you holding up?” Steve asks as he kneads those balls in between. Soft flesh, so vulnerable, and Tony twitches as the toes dig in. His thighs clench together to hold Steve’s foot captive. “Answer me.”
That is the last time Steve ever lets Tony do grocery shopping on their collective behalf. They’re still a good ten hours of continuous drive from New Jersey, so that means a pit stop somewhere off the roads to catch up on sleep. Tony checks Steve next to him, still snoozing. Thirty-six hours on the wake is tough on the body, with super-soldier serum or not. He can be a dear and wake Steve up regardless. Force him to switch.
He’s carried to someplace… some other corner of his garage… there are gaping holes in his ceiling dammit, his suits must’ve blasted their way out like that. He could too, if only there’s a suit he could get into. Escape. Reach out and fly away.
In the starry night, their stolen car coasts along the country road. Every turn that Steve takes, he does so as gently as he can. The passenger seat is reclined all the way to the back, and on it Tony lies on his side, not stirring in the slightest. Occasionally Steve checks the makeshift blanket he’d arranged haphazardly over Tony’s body remains tucked under his shoulders. There’s no real need for the fuss really. Even when they run over a dead branch and the car trampolines, Tony never did respond.
describing this… state of being. There is no up or down, early or late. Just, dark. Unending stretch of inky blackness, yet awfully claustrophobic.
“I can see the ingenuity in it just fine.” The door opens to admit them, and two other interns who seem pallid with starstruck. Sure, as long as they don’t ask him to sign their Converse.
That doesn’t compute until Tony spills right into his palm, hip jerking with the force of his orgasm. He sags forward, and Steve lets him, stunned beyond belief.
A metal fist breaks through the cracks. It retracts, and light from the hallway streams in through the gaping hole.
The boots hover higher and higher, until Steve’s crotch is at his eye level. He figures after two long weeks away and how frustrating it must’ve been for Steve – mission being a major suckage, as it usually goes – Tony thinks it’s only polite for him to do something nice for the good Captain.
“Get back to your computer and jam the signals! They’re readying the launching pads! I’m on my way to the hangar!”
“Tetrodotoxin B. Slows the pulse to one beat a minute. A… rather talented scientist developed it for stress. Didn’t work so great for him, but we found a use for it.”
about this, I swear to God.” And surprise, surprise - the scare works, for Tony springs upright, chest heaving with exertion.
Something doesn’t feel right with Steve’s car. He sees undulating shadows in the driver’s seat. The car itself is swaying.
“I’m so sorry for what happened to you.” He’s careful with his embrace. It’s a cardboard world out there. “I should’ve been there. This shouldn’t have to happen.”
“Milos Masaryk.” A naughty smirk play on his lips. “I’ve been kept waiting for an hour half. I won’t disappoint, Mr Stark. The next four hours will be so much fun.”
It takes Tony a full minute to shake himself out of the weirdass situation, and two prompt lines later, his earpiece crackles as Steve speak again. “You alright there?”
The body in Steve’s embrace twists a little. “You mean, you aren’t deaf by now? Your singing hasn’t done that to you?”
There are jobs for him, all right. Mr Tough Guy alias sole operator of this majestic gas station while isn’t all sunshine and cupcakes, is still willing to compensate him for upgrading three used cars in the garage out back. Three 1967 Chevy Impala, two as black as coffee, the other luscious red he wants to charge right at it. No fancy requests – some engine tuning, something Tony is secretly rooting for because no way he’ll douche these babies up with say, a new boombox unit in the trunk or over-the-top hydraulic functions. Engine tuning is fine. It’s right up his morale alley, and by that he means greener technology for improved performance.
So, Steve slides onto the floor, and leans against the edge of Tony’s bed. Slowly, and softly he speaks to no one in particular, “History knows Steve Rogers as a war legend. The first super-soldier who – fallaciously reported, I must say – single-handedly turned the tide of War against our enemies. It was a glorious title to bear. Captain America. America’s favourite son.” He huffs, and shakes his head. “Nobody knows the scrawny, sickly me who used to uh, foolishly get into fights I can’t win in the back of Brooklyn alleys.” He props a knee up and rests his elbow on it. “I’d be out sniffing trouble on my own, Bucky used to say. I didn’t have many friends. Not many were suicidal enough. Save for Bucky. Saved my ass from the bigger kids one too many times. Stuck with me after my Mom passed.
“My work on Howardium.” Pepper looks up questioningly, and he taps at his chest. “The new element. Near infinite-power source. With a little tweaking, it’s easy to weaponise. Iron Man’s a great example. Now that they have the guns, how are they going to track down targets they intend to vaporise?” His finger taps on the fifth item on the list. “The enhanced surveillance system for the Tower and Expo.”
“You got your issue under control, then?” Steve, ever the stoic soldier. He drains the soup and folds back the foil over his cup. “No more turning into the human torch?”
lost their goddam marbles, have they? Because launching a coup d'état out of nowhere amounts to exactly that. In spades.
Who cares if these are meant for drag racing? God bless whoever is getting their hands on his handiwork, for the Angel of Everything Mechanics is smiling down on them.
at us. And I look ridiculous wearing an Iron Man helmet while idling at the gas station, all right? I look like I want to mug the cash register. Which is rather tempting... don’t tell Steve I said that.”
Right on cue, two figures whisk past them, and Steve instantly tightens his grip on Tony. Natasha flings her brilliant red hair over her shoulder as she cocks her head, a muted instruction to get the hell back in while they handle this.
They’ve been cruising along the Turnpike for close to an hour half. Traffic is reasonably clear, and the autodrive function unique to this car is God-sent. Steve frees his hands and unbuckles his belt. “What,” he raises a brow at Tony, who’s still ogling at Steve like he’s grown wings. “We have a deal. Or are you gonna quit this?”
The few other Agents they rode in here with take hold of Tony’s arms and twist them around his back with immaculate efficiency. They shove him face-first against the side of the truck, and Steve’s body flickers. His first instinct is to pull them off their prey, but he stays his grounds, his teeth clenching when handcuffs are fastened around Tony’s wrists.
Without tearing his glare from Steve, he prods at the man behind him with his elbow and coldly instructs him to leave. “I’ll pay you in full, don’t worry. And not a word about tonight.”
? That is an option all along?” Steve almost breaks off the turn signal lever as he flicks it up. “Let’s open with that next time.” Not wanting to risk crashing into obstacles, he pulls over by the curb, and thank God for the foresight, because his heart
“No, Sir. He’s a key asset to the team, but we don’t acknowledge him enough. As long as he keeps his ego under check, those men and women will be the finest team you ever put together, Nick.”
And then, the holograph between them shrinks to thin air, replaced by Bambi’s head. She takes one long, hard look at Tony before breaking into the hugest grin. “Oh, Mr Stark! I thought Captain Rogers was mistaken! You
he tries can take his mind off what he heard and imagined had taken place in Tony’s private quarters ten hours prior.
my own place. This is the Tower, isn’t it? Shit… I told him to send me home… can’t miss… name’s on the roof and all…”
“Hey,” Tony offers a hand, and they shake it, palms as cold as ice. “Where are you from? Any interesting projects I should hear about?”
“Either quit the game, or quit the Avengers. That it, right?” Tony tugs at his safety belt to make more space as he leans into Steve’s lap. He pulls the zipper down and fishes for Steve’s semi-flaccid cock. “I’ll take the dick anytime – hey!”
Fingernails graze the underside of Tony’s buttocks. At the first twitch, Steve withdraws his hands. He returns with a firm nudge around the knees, and Tony parts his legs obligingly. He doesn’t remember if massages often proceed this way – Steve is showing his inner thighs a good time, and again, fingernails scrape relentlessly against his bare skin.
He mumbles “Yes” into said pillow, and all that comes out is a muffled “Oomph.” Which is good enough for Steve nevertheless, and strong, nimble fingers ease into his shoulders. God, it is heavenly. Tony loses himself into the kneading, and finds himself lulled into a sense of… being. Just, being. An odd place to be, where there’s only him in the present. No past to escape from, no future to worry about. The oil Steve is rubbing into his flank begins to sizzle, and Tony welcomes it. It’s hot and cool like the oxymoron that is the business of medical sciences. Did he mention that a course of T-cell therapy is estimated to be a quarter million dollars a pop? For something that is only administered after a patient has exhausted all other conventional therapies, for something that is basically a patient’s last resort, man… a quarter million dollars for a shot at life.
And right on cue, they hear shouting from the compound outside. The words are somewhat garbled, but they’re uttered angrily, impatiently. Someone’s determined to get what they want, and they don’t care about playing nice.
? Everyone is more freaked out about this than he is, and he’s the one lying in the pool of his own blood. And dust and ash and icky bodily fluids. Yet the longer he lies still, the slower life seems to ebb away. The
It’s a four hours’ drive back to New York. Four hours trapped. Four hours for Tony to learn who gets to call the shot.
“Steve, look. I’m sorry, alright? I got ahead of myself, I’m not considering your… feelings. This must be hard for you.”
He does the one thing he can. He jams the Iron Man helmet over his head, and searches for Pepper’s number. He leaves the bright green button untouched. He only wants to see her face. Her straight, long strawberry blond hair that
. Steve releases Tony’s arm and mans the wheel more carefully, as he ignores the show Tony is no doubt putting on for him. Tongues delve into each other’s mouth, suckling and nipping at lips. Bodies fitting so perfectly into each other’s curves. Steve swears a motorcyclist did a double take at them as he overtook their car.
Captain Steve Rogers and Sergeant James Barnes, and your blood tests. We ran every panel that we can think of. We even sequenced your goddam genome. It shouldn’t come across as surprising to you, so I’ll be blunt. Not one of you are a hundred percent
“Housekeeping is in an hour or so. Have your lunch and come back, you’ll be just in time to catch our attendant. Or, I can call the management for a spare keycard. This happens regularly, so.”
“Steve,” Tony repeats the name, sees if it rolls comfortably off his tongue. “I’m uh, pleased…” Great choice of diction there, doesn’t sound the least bit lecherous. “I mean, I’m looking forward. To this. It’s been quite some time since the last one, so… it’s quite an unusual experience.”
Time seems to crawl after an early dinner, but it waits for no man. First thing that day before even his first cup of coffee, Tony calls the receptionist and almost swallows his tongue when a familiar voice answers it.
Tony exhales air from his lungs, deep and long and regains control of himself in that split of second. By the time Clint comes back with a glass half-filled, Tony is long gone, yet Steve still kneels on the carpet, distraught and beaten.
No fire, no smoke. No giveaway to their position, only the rich aroma of kimchi baiting a couple of inquisitive squirrels into the clearing. “The artificial crap they have in this cup will kill you,” Tony waggles a finger when said squirrel waves its bushy tail at him. “Eat healthy. Go nuts on nuts.”
!” Steve is the only one who understands how it feels like living in a cardboard world. Tony leaves his chair and paces the room, Steve’s eyes steadfast on him all the while. “I can’t even begin to
Twelve hours ago, Fury dispatched the Avengers to a ghost ship just 27 nautical miles off the Gulf of Mexico. Sounds like a run of the mill assignment – SHIELD scientists detected strange electromagnetic signals emanating from the ship’s belly, and wanted to know the what, who and why. Of the Avengers’ active roster, only Steve and Tony were on the premise. After four hours of passive-aggressively ignoring each other while chilling in the confinement of a two-seater Quinjet, Steve expertly brings her to the jump-off point, holding her steady at constant velocity as Tony – all dressed up in the swanky Mark VII – leaps off it. The first thing Tony said to him was, “Nothing on heat, motion and EM. Probably a dud, Cap.”
“- fine, people. Just fine…” Steve’s earpiece crackles some more, and he jams it deeper into his ear. He has to make sure. “Heavy…”
Steve’s next surprise comes in the shape of the Maria Stark Foundation main complex. Tony parks the car near the courtyard, and Steve, still unsure of why they’re here, merely follows Tony through a wrought iron gate and archway, past some carved stone angels, and then, a sea of marble headstones.
on the flat side of Tony’s stomach. He remembered a parade from his time, and the marching beat that his God-awful drill commander used to scream at them as they huffed and puffed under the scorching midday sun.
Descending from his adrenaline high, Tony slumps onto the floor, chest heaving, mouth swollen and ruddy. Steve truly worked him over, and Tony being Tony, musters just enough strength to flip Steve the bird.
“Shoeprints. Give me that.” Tony takes the flashlight and shines it where indeed, multiple sets of shoeprints run parallel to theirs. He shines along the ground, following the trail where it ends at the doorsteps leading up a single-storey building.
Steve’s the pro. He politely removes himself from Tony, and backs away to the corner of the room where his stacks of folded towels are. “Are you alright, Mr Stark?”
“Small talk. About time we get to know each other, no? I know you like wearing undershirts two sizes smaller, but I can’t figure out if you prefer red to blue. I don’t consider white a colour…”
“Take this.” Steve presses a set of earpieces into Tony’s palm. They bear SHIELD’s emblem, and Tony scoffs at it. “What if this is routed to HQ? Is it safe?”
think. You can call all the shots you want, I know it feeds your soul or, whatever.” Steve remembers the heat arising from the back of his neck. “You may not know this, but Iron Man isn’t quite a solo gig. I have my co-pilots. Every time I charge into battle, I have my AIs calculating risks and options, and calibrating the appropriate response to suit each unique situation. Take it from me, they’re
And slams his mouth over Steve’s, quelling streams of protests and polite cusses with tongues. Somewhere in front of them, they hear mutterings of “Jesus Christ” and furniture being jostled. Maybe Gary just passes out. Tony’s hand sneaks up the curve of Steve’s buttocks to grope him thoroughly through the yoga pants.
The command prompt that races across the monitor before them freezes. It doesn’t blink anymore, and it’s now mysteriously
Steve bucks a last time, emptying his load into Tony’s mouth, his frame contorting with the brunt of it.
“… Tell me this is the same drive some random Agent downloaded on a hidden mission you complained about. That drive.”
. Steve fishes out a remote from his pocket. What can it be indeed, this nefarious-looking black piece of plastic the size of a car beeper with a shiny red button on top?
Tony does jerk away at that point, and Steve accedes. His touches mellow out, and he goes nowhere close to those red-alert zones. Tony’s calves and ankles might be mewling with joy, but the half-rigid mass pressed between his lower abdomen and the bed is every bit disappointed.
Tony doesn’t jerk himself after that. He zips his suit up, and continues to stare out of the window. This isn’t exactly what Steve demanded, but he’s fine with conceding this time. Until the next adventure, that is. He never thought of ever revisiting this phone number. To it, he texts:
. Brand new! Prying the hood up with a crowbar he found next to the cables is no biggie either, so is clamping the terminals of the car batteries to the helmet.
sure is the effing time. The suite is a riot of activity much like Tony’s basement workshop. The recessed lighting slowly comes alive as motion sensors detect Steve shuffling into the still bowel of Tony’s lair. It still looks lived in, so Tony must’ve just upped and left not too long ago. Suspicious… very suspicious… and Steve promptly pushes an unremarkably bright, red button installed next to the fridge.
“Want some more?” Tony’s own mouth is chockfull of apple slices. He hasn’t had regular meals in quite a while, but now that Steve is decidedly awake, his appetite revisits with a vengeance. “I don’t know where Pepper gets this, but this is delish.”
Tony’s bodily thrown into the mesh wire with the force, and he thinks he blacks out a second or two. Pain – hot and intensifying – radiates from his middle, and he slumps in his bonds once more. That
Jesus Christ. The fire escape before him echoes with heavy footsteps, and shadows creep from either side of the hallway. He’s run out of options. “Steve?” he barks into his comm device, and takes stock of the short landing he has between
He’ll need a change of clothes, too. The Cap suit is beautiful – he can’t thank Tony enough for this – but it has to go. He stops by some suburb minutes after crossing borders and changes into a cotton T, sweater and yoga pants that he pilfers from a clothesline.
What remains unspoken is Steve’s niggling worry that something more sinister might be at play here. Like, Loki. Maybe Loki lay his Asgardian hoodoo on Tony and mind-control him into doing this. Loki got one of them before. Or, maybe there was a blackmail going on. All valid concerns, but Steve can’t bring himself to justify them, so foolishly, he shrugs and says, “OK.”
“... They’re not a tech company on the verge of bankruptcy given current circumstances. Still, the agency
“… OK. Send a memo to Pepper, will you? Reach out to all ex-Toomes Salvage Company employees, see if we can absorb them into SI manufacturing. We won’t be able to take in everyone. Consider enrolling the rest into courses for skills upgrading. Leave no one behind.”
He swears to God, he will splash chilled beer all over Steve’s face through the window’s opening if it comes down to that.
It’s less than four hours to sunset. That’s exactly how long they have to get a fire going again so they could dine on ramen and coffee. Steve passes their last two bottles of water to Tony, and then the pristine bag of Nescafe, and lastly the stink eye.
The whirring of his suits and servers are like symphony to his ears. Three hours is cutting it close – SHIELD is bound to realise something is amiss. Anytime now a STRIKE team might just come busting through the front door.
Tony’s eyes snap back on Steve like a taut rubber band released. The banging on the door increases in force and tempo. It’s just a board of PVC ratting in a stainless-steel frame. Won’t take a Hulk to bust through it. The cubicle walls are built too high up towards the ceiling, so no way Steve could climb and sneak into the adjacent stalls. No way he could walk out the door with a straight face, high-five Clint like a macho motherfucker and let bygone be bygone.
“I have supplies. Are you hungry?” He doesn’t have to, but he holds Tony up by the arm as he steers them towards his car. “There’s water in the back.”
oftentimes a pledge to the lady that he’s coming home after they win. They did win, and he did come home, but the lady is gone, and he’s here collecting sexual favours from the son of a good friend. There is so much wrongness in that thought, Steve sinks his
Tony skids to a halt and Steve almost walks right into him. Nobody ever suggested visiting the Starks at the family cemetery. Tony himself hasn’t been there in years. But, he can do this. He has time to indulge Steve like this. On the way there, he stops by the florist to buy five stalks of pink carnations, packed with Baby’s Breath all held together with a white satin ribbon. Steve notices Tony doesn’t flirt with the young lady as he hands her a bill.
“Move,” Tony threatens, his voice so deep it’s almost a growl, “and I’ll blast your head off. From this distance, I won’t miss.” From this distance, like hell he could misrecognise that face. “James Buchanan Barnes. The Winter Soldier. I have a spare handcuff somewhere, and I know a police station ten minutes’ drive from here.”
He’s sorry that he has to leave Steve in DC to hold down the fort, but he’s needed in Malibu. Guarded by the watchful eyes of three dozen Iron Man armours, all combat ready when he says so are the most dangerous of his possessions – his private servers. He’s thrashing them. Grinding every plastic piece to dust, embed them in cement and launch them into space. SHIELD wants a piece of his tech for Insight?
And Steve spills out of the car, his entire weight crashing into Tony’s middle. He’s almost thrown off his feet, but he grabs Steve around his shoulders and back, grounding them both.
“And it works? You get to,” Steve waves his hand impatiently at the now-thankfully darkened screen, “tap into your head and view these memories? And how are they
“I woke up after the War, I was lost. I’d lost everyone. Fury gave me a job, and another, and I went along with it. Just going through the motion. Then, I found you, and you gave me a home.” Steve breaks into a wan smile, and Tony looks down at the dog tags. “The thorn in my side.” He chuckles, and Tony’s lips grow thin in annoyance. “You’ve always been by my side. Right me from wrong. You’re a good man, Tony. A good friend.” And Tony looks so confused, like he’s about to cry. “Forgive me if I’m reading this wrong. Is there something more here, between us? For us to build on?” The shock registers on his features, and Steve shakes his head. “Just think about it. Regardless what your answer will be, I meant for you to have this.”
“I don’t know if you noticed,” Tony chirps airily as Steve manoeuvres the car into a parallel park, “your beard makes for a good disguise.”
“Thank you. And it’s Tony.” He extends a hand which Steve shakes, and is immensely relieved knowing that it’s still possible to have skin contact with his masseur that doesn’t immediately translate into a raging boner.
Steve sighs, and it feels like he just dumped the weight of the world off his shoulders. “You must’ve read it in the papers. The Lemurian Star, hijacked by Algerian pirates? Securing that ship was our assignment. Apparently, it’s just an appendix in the mission report.”
“Morning,” Tony grunts, not bothering to even grace Steve with a glance. His eyes are glued to the newspapers, a shallow frown set on his features. Steve shuffles to the counter for coffee when from the corner of his eyes, he spots Natasha and Clint tapping on the remote frantically. He tracks the direction said remote is pointed at, and takes a cursory look at the TV screen, and… boom.
“We need to talk.” Steve shuts the door behind him, and leans against it. “About the mission just now.”
Tony rotates his tyre iron with enough force it zings as it cuts through the air, and he helps himself to
“Either way, I’m calling bullshit on all of them. You say you owe this to me. So, say it. Tell me why you’re leaving.”
for permission to leave. Steve figures Tony has earned his release, so he maxes out the stimulation, and redirects all of his displeasure to Fury and Fury alone.
Now having a conscience is inconvenient? The art of superhero-ing is so messed up. “I’m ready to download SHIELD database in parallel batches. Where do you want me to dump them?”
“Get in here, Stark,” Fury barks, and even Steve jumps a little. “We don’t pay you that many zeros so you can snooze when it matters the most. And what are you Agents standing around for?” He levels a glare as intense as the heat of a thousand suns, and everybody returns their collective asses to their respective chairs. That should put to rest any doubts of just how much gravitas a one-eyed powerhouse can command. Tony, too is feeling the urge to pee.
“Dunno.” His voice muffling between chews. “Lost count. We still have loads. You hardly eat, Steve.”
Steve takes Tony back in, down the entire shaft, the tip swabbing against the inside of his cheek. It gets impossibly hotter by the second, and he works at it, up and down relentlessly. His finger creeps upward to the unguarded asshole –
“Profiling, possibilities.” Steve leans forward and interlocks his fingers over his knees. “Just one of many possible futures. Imagine if Insight profiled you two years ago, before Afghanistan.” Tony’s mouth twitch a bit. “I believe in second chances, Tony. I do. I believe in a person’s will to change.”
“Doesn’t look comfortable,” Steve points at the snoozing lump, and takes the seat next to Clint. “He should’ve gone to bed?”
“Take it. Maybe when you get loose enough, I’ll fuck you just the way you like it.” Steve pauses a fraction, and adds, “You’ll learn to like it.” This is a whole new experience for Tony, who would’ve guessed? Steve can’t keep a straight face for ten minutes when he first learned about it.
“What did Nick want with you at the office?” Tony suddenly asks. “It’s about the Lemurian Star, isn’t it?”
“Where am I? JARVIS?” His nose itches, and he tries to scratch it, when a sting by his wrist stops him.
Steve holds his hands out in a placating manner, and his demeanour changes. “You’re grieving. You’ve a lot to process.” It’s downright condescending that Tony feels his blood rush into his ears and the heat spill from his body. It takes only so little to let down the floodgates.
Even genius-billionaire-playboy-philanthropists have bad dreams. What does he see? Having to sip freeze dried instant coffee instead of the finest Arabica flown in directly from Sumatra? Sponge cakes for snacks instead of the richest velvet? Patience obviously fraying, Clint clutches Tony by the shoulder and plain jostles him until his book falls off. “Jesus Christ, man. I’ll tell Thor
There’s an unmistakable cheer in Zola’s artificial intonations. “HYDRA created a world so chaotic that humanity is finally ready to sacrifice its freedom to gain its security. Once the purification process is complete, HYDRA’s new world order will arise. We won, Captain. Your death amounts to the same as your life – a zero sum.”
let go, he hurls back to the door, tripping over when it opens and smashing headlong into the grass. He’s scalded – that’s all, nothing the serum can’t handle. It’s godawful painful, that tells him his nerve receptors are still all there.
“Steve, listen to me,” Tony gasps, his bloody hand comes up to grip at the metal rod in front of him. Steve can’t bear the sight, but he steels his heart, and makes to support Tony’s head in his palms. “Steve… Steve…” It’s also getting brighter, and warmer. From
“Just you and me, JARVIS.” He hugs the Iron Man helmet closer to his chest as he sits on a large root. A taste of charred meat lingers in the back of his throat. “I miss Dum-E.”
Stark Industries isn’t technically in charge of maintaining SHIELD’s weaponries and equipment, even if their top-secret projects
“I said no, Tony. It doesn’t work this way anymore. You can’t barge in two p.m. on a Wednesday and demand a cease-and-desist
Steve places the phone face up on the table with a curt tap, and slides it towards Tony’s plate of waffle. “Bring the date up to Monday. We’re leaving for DC after lunch. That should put enough pressure on Briggs and her council. Cite the press conference for BARF as a reason.”
“Hey,” Clint knocks on the door, but their hearts are already working overtime. “Open the door. Let me see you.”
The man falls violently on his butt, and Steve feels something gives under his fist. Probably a dislocated jaw – he was already pulling his punches – and he makes to grab Tony by his shoulders.
Barnes’s head dips, and Tony looks away. “OK, I’m done. We don’t do civilities with WMDs. You’re a wanted man, just so you know. General Thaddeus Ross wants you. As much as I hate his mug, I’d like to personally escort you to his office. Easy does it, Barnes.”
One car and a half later, a break is in order. He updates Mr Tough Guy his progress, and is given three hot pockets and beer for his trouble. A meal from the heavens! He cradles them in both arms and jogs back to where Steve is parked, feeling extremely pleased with himself. They haven’t had anything warm in two days, only dried bread. The texture and lack of flavour wears thin on his taste buds.
“… And, scene. I’ve swept the area three times over. All piezo are wired to these babies on site, and I just killed them. We’re clear.”
Fair enough. “We can do this in the other study.” Steve doesn’t want to call it his study, because it’s not his, not really, not when the man paying for it is staring holes into his face. “It’s just as quiet.”
They would’ve fired his ass there and then. His near-immaculate track record of securing grants after grants in the last five years sets him back with only a thorough chewing out, that by the end of the call, Tony cuts the line with a sharp jab on the screen and promptly pitches his phone into his pillow. These distractions... What gives? He's conquered projects of worse monetary value. He's convinced Luddites to invest in omics technology. He could've sold sins to saints, and this is -
“I should call Pepper.” He raps on the helmet’s forehead with a split knuckle, and detaches the cables.
“Yeah, I mean, it’s Captain America,” Steve hears the booming voice before the man himself strolls into the canteen. “Saying no must amount to treason!”
It was with a heavy heart that Steve headed to the canteen alone. Yet as Tony now approaches his table and sits opposite him, Steve wants to rip his heart out of his chest and chuck it at Tony’s face. Maybe that would wipe off that ridiculous smirk he still has the gall to wear.
going it alone, Steve,” Tony replies fiercely, and his warm, warm hands clench around Steve’s biceps. “And
“Neither Rogers nor I can change your mind if you refuse to change it yourself,” Maria interjects coolly. “Believe it, Mr Stark, I understand where you’re coming from. And that’s smart. I expect nothing less of the invincible Iron Man.” Her eyes rake southward, past his chin until they settle squarely on his chest. “Be patient, and I will show you proof.”
Tony would’ve given Steve’s PSA a standing ovation, when the door slams open and bounces against the walls, an
He unlocks his trunk and activates his bracelet. In a seamless demonstration, Mark 42 wraps around his body, and under the guise of night, he sets his flight course to Malibu. As the suit climbs in altitude, out of a hunch he does a perimeter sweep on the warehouse. His suspicion isn’t misplaced. JARVIS reports two black SUVs parked outside of the premise. Thermographic camera confirms the presence of four men. Probably STRIKE. Armed.
I don’t want to do this, but you leave me no choice. You’re off the Avengers roster until further notice.” There’s really no point in talking sense with the man. He gives up. He rarely does, but this is a lost cause. Steve’s hand is on the door knob once more. “Good day, Mr Stark.”
They walk up four flights of stairs to use the bathroom attached to the master bedroom, not for want of more space – every other bathroom in this mansion is large enough for the purpose. It’s Tony’s mission to minimise his carbon footprint on this good earth that restricts his activities these days to mostly, his bedroom and the workshop. Renewable energy is fine and dandy, but habits and lifestyles have to change, too. Maybe he’ll ask Steve to give a talk about “Reduce, Reuse and Recycle!” in the coming Expo. People will listen to Captain America even when he’s talking about carpooling or planting more trees.
The elevator only goes one way: down. The basement too has running electricity. There’s light and heating and a steady hum of machineries. Sounds lively, like Tony’s personal workshop in Malibu – when he still had one.
his point with her, which never happens, and it’s a great wake-up call to the fact that this is how it’s going to be when he’s not CEO anymore. As she puts it, “You may be the owner still, but this is no longer under your jurisdiction.”
“It doesn’t stop there, Steve.” Tony scrolls further down, his brows knitting even closer. “More than half of the Senate members are here. Uh,
croaks at the sight of them, draped in a white hospital gown and half-reclined on his bed. Wires and tubes snake around him, but he has never looked more alive. “Lacerated spinal column, cracked sternum, shattered collarbone, perforated liver, one hell of a headache. Your visiting is my best kind of painkillers.” His lone eye twinkle with excitement. “Welcome aboard, gentlemen.”
“Thank you.” And, honesty. Steve doesn’t need to hear them, he knows the Chitauri has been haunting Tony since. “Thank you, Tony. I appreciate that. But it won’t change my decision about leaving the team.”
And then five minutes later, Tony is already skulking in the elevator that is ascending to Level Six. Dr Goodman and him part ways without much ado, because there’s absolutely nothing wrong with the X-ray. Tony lifts the film to the lights above, and nothing changes. No shadows, no random, unexplained blobs.
Barnes pushes his palms against Steve’s ribcages, and Tony counts one, two, three. Another breath of lifegiving air. One, two, three. It’s a dance with the dead, to bring Steve back to life. Tony watches, enthralled, lost in grief, and even when Steve sputters and stirs, Tony is still adrift in the Potomac. Until Barnes cocks his head towards him, across the distance and just
“Thank you. Oh… dammit.” Count on work to be the most effective boner killer. If only he could say they-don’t-pay-him-enough-for-this-shit, but they do. Have at that. “One minute, Steve. I’m so sorry about this.”
Tony jumps – but his collar snags and it cuts so deeply into his throat, his vision whites out – his side feels mercilessly cold, and the loss of Steve’s warmth so vivid. His body slams onto the heated tarmac that sends him curling into himself. A mechanical hand seizes him by the neck, lifting him bodily in the air. His feet find no purchase, and he struggles against the choking restrain.
The satin strip comes off in one fluid tug, and Tony deftly fastens it around Milos’ eyes. A makeshift blindfold, Steve observes from the rearview mirror.
is war to him. That’s the one tangible fact about war that doesn’t change no matter what holy crusade either side is championing. He stops manufacturing weapons, stops bathing his hands with blood after Afghanistan. It wasn’t enough. Doing no harm
“SHIELD bases are many and scattered across the country. We can’t be everywhere in the next four hours. I’m rendezvousing with the others in,” Steve checks his watch, “fifteen. Try to reach out to all field Agents from here via internal channels, and circulate evidence of HYDRA’s invasion you’ll be providing Maria. The truth will speak for itself.”
Night is closing in. It isn’t safe out here, and the wide openness is treacherous. Steve scoops Tony up and ventures into the shed, hoping that there’s at least one good corner that won’t suck worse than the general goings of the day.
And it’s over in four minutes. Like a fucking teenager, he empties his load into Steve’s palm in agonising silence – shoot him if he yodels like a bitch, even if the best night he had with a Barbara-what’s-her-face one Valentine’s can’t hold a candle to this. He should’ve kept his cool and macho and thank Steve for his service like a champ, but instead he finds his butt stuck to the massage bed, not quite knowing what to say or do.
Tony quickly disguises his smirk with a shallow cough before Steve catches him. “Rather unusual target, I’ll say.”
The lights come back row by row, illuminating the workshop in stages. Steve quickly clamps a hand over Tony’s mouth – it looks like it’s about to scream something nasty – and shoves him back into the mattress. “Be quiet!” Tony struggles against him, legs kicking out, blunt fingernails scrabbling at his knuckles.
“Yeah, that needs some recalibration. Uh,” Steve just backslaps the boot into his red Audi, “mind the property, honey.”
teach himself the language. There are patterns. Nuances that might be trickier to understand. But, not something that can be achieved in three hours.
Rounding a block somewhere downtown, he parks his car near a back alley and pulls the handbrake up. The crank jolts Tony from his stupor.
“Doesn’t add up,” Tony wonders aloud, and glances at the sidemirror in case another bomb comes their way.
“I didn’t volunteer for this, Rogers,” Tony barks his protests once they breach the perimeter of the parking lot. “I’m leaving.”
Majestic. Ultra-modern. Opulent. The Stark Tower, ladies and gentlemen – renamed Avengers after Tony gifted it to the Initiative. And he never asked for anything in return, neither rental nor a
A stroke of confidence quickly falls on Tony’s features, and Steve’s smile grows. Welcome back, pain-in-the-ass Stark. Anytime.
“I’m fine. I’m fine, and that’s the truth. This here?” He taps at his arc reactor through his clothes, and Pepper pinches the bridge of her nose. “Brand new. It’s got a new element. Much better than palladium, and I’m calling it… Howardium. Nifty, huh?”
“Insight is going online in eighteen hours,” Steve weighs his words carefully. “The only thing standing between HYDRA and their complete control over seven billion of lives is us. You’re the
The suit springs free, and Tony gulps lungful of fresh air. He can almost taste the sweet fragrance of magnolia, and a tinge of wisteria. Foliage waves above him where he lies flat on the ground. He’s still partially encased in his suit, and he has no doubts it is lush grass under his feet when he steps out.
Fury gave him seventy-two hours to rethink his decision about resigning from all positions from the Avengers. To that, Steve reiterated up to nine variances of “I’m sure about this, Nick”. Of course Fury would ask why. Because there’s a thousand and one reasons for one to forsake his family.
He swears he didn’t mean it – when Steve tries to stop him from walking away, Tony twists the entire arm around to throw Steve off his back. It would’ve worked – he has the element of surprise – but damn Steve and his super-soldier reflexes. Steve absorbs the momentum and turns it against Tony, slamming him once against the closet. It doesn’t hurt, and that’s
Then, the gap between the door and the floor darkens, followed by two curt knocks and Pepper getting it. Her shocked expression prompts Tony to stand straighter, and instinctively park himself closer to Steve’s bed.
Tony’s painfully aware of his lungs expanding and constricting when Steve flattens a palm right atop his breast. Another one steadies him in the small of his back, and he regulates his breathing once more to Steve’s orders. In and out, in and out… Steve’s little finger just brushed against his right nipple, and his cock rises to scrape against the garter.
“I do, Tony.” The surge of confidence shines in his eyes. “I believe there’s a good man under the pain, the suffering. I know you.”
“ENIAC,” Tony exclaims triumphantly. The floorspace is almost completely occupied by hunks of metals with cables protruding from the back and
“You wrote a programme for the Lemurian Star. It launched a satellite meant to sync with Insight Hellicarriers. What’s your game?”
“You can’t exclude him from the decision making, Maria. He’s invested in this just as much as the rest of us.” Another pang of grief rocks his insides. “Maybe more than we know. I value his input.”
The scowling helmet is accelerating for him. He stretches his arms and keeps his feet apart, welcoming the brace of metal on his body. The faceplate lifts and his grin widens, before gold titanium alloy wraps snugly around his head and the OS recalibrates itself to return control to its rightful owner.
Steve knows how powerful men like Tony work. He’s a consummate negotiator. His diplomacy sways even the cruellest of supervillains. With his words, he whips his board of directors into compliance
And, what are the odds? There is no need to try so hard to worry about Steve after all, because his plate quickly fills up with trouble, and there’s a second helping lining up. He needs to schedule an appointment with Pepper to see her in her office, he has to then
Tony freezes where he is, and the wheels of his creeper stop creaking. There’s tension in his legs, and Steve smirks openly, knowing full well that Tony can’t see him.
Even his Extremis can’t handle the excitement. Just too much! Tony’s hand shoots up in the air. “I want to ask the question first. You’re a lovely person, I’m sure, but you’re SHIELD, and I’m unfriending everyone SHIELD.” A tangerine-sized fireball erupts in the centre of his palm. “Who are you?”
“I see the bombs. Frankly I’m disappointed. There isn’t enough firepower to blast the bank to kingdom come. Ah, here we go. Run it by the Captain, J.”
And “wrong” comes in the form of “The Goblin” – a moniker that has Steve’s eyebrow twitch during briefing. Some guy with a questionable fashion sense, all decked in a hideous lime-green mask and combat flak jacket has threatened to blow up a bank in exchange for “information”. A run-of-the-mill robbery case it is
He can leave Tony here, vulnerable as he is unconscious. Turn the lights off, kill the engine. Hide the keys in Tony’s pockets. Pray that no one will come an inch closer to the car.
heeding his call, that’s what. They’re all homing to the pre-set coordinates – here. All of them, even the odd one that, for some reasons, is stranded in Timbuktu. Some seven suits of armour are closer by, and will arrive in under fifteen minutes. He hopes he has fifteen to spare.
thing I’m hearing on the radio. Nobody’s talking about my alleged disappearance. And houses-on-cliffs don’t disappear overnight. Apparently, that’s not as interesting as some SHIELD Agent going rogue.”
working the way he imagines it. They get louder as the French continues, and hands – Tony’s elbow nearly knocks into Steve’s own – start clawing at each other’s clothes. The smooth slide of a zipper cuts through the tension, until Tony suddenly stills Milos’ hand with his.
Steve dusts his bottom, and turns to the door. “I’ll tell you after I make that fire. If you’re still awake.”
“Yeah, but not on a national scale. For a split second, I did wonder if you planted that idea in my head on the pretext of beefing up security, so I would develop this on SHIELD’s behalf –”
“OK,” he rasps, and wets his lips with little success. “Tony, we’re good.” It’s so quiet out here, even the slightest whisper is ear-splitting. “It’s gonna be a long walk, though. But we need to move now.”
Trivia: Milos Masaryk is a minor villain in the Iron Man comics. His current alliance is *snorts* "Unicorn". There you go. I like the sound of the name, so.
whom his saintly colleagues describe as always knee-deep in pussies on Friday nights – getting off after a handjob. By another male.
“Where’s Nick’s pen drive?” Nick trusted him with it, with his dying breaths. There must be something incriminating in it that puts a crosshair on his head. “What’s in it?”
“Just a temporary barrier, Captain Rogers,” Vision explains coolly. “For both your safety. Retreat. Agent Romanoff and Barton are on their way.”
of SHIELD Agents barricading his escape. Tony has never stared down so many gun barrels at one ago, and this is
In the event of failure of electronic components, there’s an ejection lever to the right of his right thigh which he can use to free himself manually. Only, his fingers can’t quite reach because they won’t freaking
They’re next escorted to the back of the complex, either to the place they safeguard said proof, or to the shooting grounds. Tony chews on the inside of his cheeks as they walk. If they’re going to be executed, yeah, this one is on him. To his surprise, they are lead into a smaller standalone cabin that smells strongly of disinfectant, it reminds him more of a hospital ward than a fort.
Tony snaps his fingers, and grabs his helmet. “If she could break into the ship’s mainframe, then I certainly can, too. She proved that the stuff wasn’t guarded by biometrics.” He puts on the helmet, and says, “JARVIS, the Lemurian Star. Is it online? Let’s go, go, go.”
“Let me touch it up a bit. Fuller lips, a tilt to the eyes…” And Tony flips the tablet so it faces Steve. He swears his insides turn to ice.
Tony takes a sharp turn and sets the security barrier on fire. “Fire in the hole!” Get out, get out, get out –
“I can explain!” Tony holds his palms out in a placating manner, as Steve purses his lips and crosses his arms across his chest. As far as he’s concerned, he’s cleared his afternoon schedule specially for this moment of truth.
Steve washes Tony’s throat, his large hand closing over the a pulsing jugular. His fingernails scrape against the dips of Tony’s collarbones, where water sometimes collect, and spills when Tony stirs. Steve lets his other hand roam the expanse of Tony’s inner thigh as the other draws idle circles around the arc reactor.
“I don’t know!” She flattens the front of his jacket with jittery fingers. “I don’t know if you’re planning something dangerous
He feels the colours mounting in his cheeks, and nods. The bitterness of his coffee a second slap to his ego. Keep calm, stay focused on the mission. He’s playing into SHIELD’s hand, getting all riled up when Steve – whose own head is first on the chopping block – still strives to stay on the moral high ground.
“Exit the canteen. Take the stairs down two floors. Turn right, and the second door on your right will take you to the staff gym. Use your staff ID to access it. That should throw them off your trail.”
pressing into Steve’s lips. All the missed chances, those lost years – they make sure this count. Foreheads now resting against one another, they bask in each other’s company.
“All right,” Steve feels Tony push against the door. An admirable effort, but futile against the strength of Captain America. “What do you want?”
“Stay close to me, Tony,” Steve reminds him as he towels his hair dry. They’re back in their private quarter, and Steve’s whole person is damp, fresh out of shower. “After we find you a safe place to work from, I’ll go after Pierce at the conference.”
They sit like that in amicable silence for what feels like half an hour. A great feat, since Tony handles the agony that is bleach-on-open-wounds like a champ. Not even a squeak! Steve secures a cotton pad with some tapes and expertly moves on to the next gash.
Of course Tony keeps a condom on his person. And it’s not just the one foil packet either. Slipped between a couple of bills and credit cards Steve notes at least three more. Tony pulls one out at random and fits the rubber deftly over his cock. The stories of Tony’s promiscuity are not exaggerations, after all.
. The Avengers is in good hands. You don’t have to hide them, Tony. Your nightmares, your sleepless nights. Your constant detachment from the team. From me.”
Not dead. Not yet. And for as long as there is breath in his breast, he has a chance to end this. Any price is worth paying. Tony accumulates what’s left of air and might in his lungs and wills them all to fire, when the metal fingers around his neck clench down upon his windpipes.
“OK, Steve.” Gently, Tony pries the tablet locked in his grip. “It’s a common face. The workshop was dark.
“I can’t wear this, or any necklaces for the fact. They interfere with this.” He taps at the arc reactor concealed under his shirt. But, the meaning is clear. Steve nods, and is halfway to reclaiming the dog tags, when Tony grabs them away. “Who says I’m giving this back?”
And Pepper bursts into tears. She falls forward into his chest, and sobs wetly into his shirt. There is a special place in hell for people who make Pepper Potts cry, and he sincerely believes his season pass is ready for collection. He pats her on her back, and she bawls even louder. If she’s going to make a ruckus, he hopes she goes all out.
, and you’re not dead. All I did was carry you out of the bunker and ditch you in the backseat and let nature take care of itself.”
exit wound in his stomach – but finds the skin and flesh pristine. “Should I slap myself just to make sure?”
glare from across the room. “We take Pierce out, we ground the ships. That’s still cutting it too close. We need to front an attack from within Insight. That’s where Tony comes in.”
He knows how to work that body. He knows how far back Tony can bend, how tense his muscles can go before they tear. Tony
People like Tony populate it. People who preach tolerance and gender and racial equality as often as people used to quote the Bible back in the days. A new form of independence and individuality that Steve still tries to wrap his head about.
JARVIS does not reply, and nothing else makes a peep for the matter, until something suddenly whizzes past Tony’s
Something else flickers on Tony’s features, and his palm flattens on Steve’s stomach. “I think… that I do, after all…” But the instance his eyes lock with Steve’s, his gaze softens, and he says instead, “Come on, old man. What are you waiting for?”
To that, Steve says nothing. He goes to investigate a giant bookshelf pressed up against the western wall where a faint whoosh of wind is coming from. Tony hears it too. Since the windows are all boarded up, the next obvious observation is –
A dull hum of nothing interrupts JARVIS, and the lights at the far distance go out without ceremony. It’s easy enough for his eyes to adjust to the darkness, but no matter, the backup generator should kick in any moment now.
can’t be that savage? Wide Awake aims to lock us up someplace, not experiment on us.” And a kind of darkness clouds Steve’s eyes, that Tony stops messing around with his mangled apple. “Steve, what happened to you after Project Rebirth?”
“Damn it, Steve!” He slams the door to closet shut. Fuck the towels anyway. With thread counts that low they might as well be sieves. “I know what I saw! I know that road, that car, you think –” He bends to pick up his discarded shirt, and lassos it over his shoulder. “Forget I ever mentioned this. I’m gonna empty a fucking magazine into his brains if that’s the last thing I ever do.”
He gets. He also gets that they’re not in the best mental capacity to make such game-changing decisions, but they
Steve is still on his back, dead to the world. He doesn’t care that the Winter fucking Soldier is looming over him. One choke of Steve’s neck, one jerk – that’s all it takes.
“Captain Rogers?” Someone just tapped on his shoulder, and Steve turns his heels, his cheeks and nose as red as Rudolph’s. “I’m glad that you’re on our side. The LGBT community thanks you and Mr Stark, for coming out, I mean, we’ve come a long way, Captain. Thank you.” The man – young, barely out of his twenties – shakes Steve’s hands and hops off into the snow.
. He wished he could take it all back – the words he said, the things he did. Holding Tony’s body hostage for
That night, Tony requests for an emergency leave from Avengers duty, citing “Board members being childish” as the reason. A request he channels through JARVIS and the Avengers secured intranet. Not face to face, no. It’s formal, it’s
That’s another problem with Tony, Steve muses – his erratic sleeping pattern post-Chitauri incident. He’s almost always sleep or
It’s the sanest thing he’s heard this morning. It probably shows on his face because Tony gives up his pretence,
Something inside Steve clenches at Tony’s crestfallen features. “Is this what you think of me, really? Does this embarrass you?”
And they call bullshit on that one. Clint makes for his knee and Tony flinches so hard the couch he’s sitting on propels backward by an inch. “
crossed a line. Almost hurt Steve in ways he would never forgive himself. It’s the urge to apologise that nudges him to push that door and walk out into their shared quarter – only, Steve is long gone.
He finally beeps into the gym without incident, and goes through another door on his right into the unisex changing room. A quick eyeballing tells him there are no cameras installed – not visible ones at least – and promptly occupies the bench closest to the door. The uploading was interrupted courtesy of Mr Husband, and he’s lost precious minutes just dealing with Anna’s admittedly weirdass acquaintances. All things considered, things have gone quite swimmingly for him, and he sure hopes the same can be said on Steve’s side.
The whole scene plays out as clear as day in his mind’s eyes. He hears every creak, ever flap of flesh on flesh as Tony lines himself up. It’s amazing what imageries the human brain can conjure, to nicely substitute the absence of real visuals. He sets this up himself. He puts himself in this spot.
Tony only flicks one up to humour Steve, and to his astonishment, the lights come on, row by row without delay. Every fluorescent tube works perfectly. Ventilation is better than decent.
A heavy pound on the door sends it rattling in its frame. Once, twice! Wood dust snows onto the floor. The shadow moves again from under the door gap.
That does it. Steve grabs him by the front of his shirt, hauls him in and slams him against the door to close it.
“Steve, it’s me. It’s me! Look at me!” He can’t get to Steve. The door remains resolutely locked. He knows how the haunting is like. Sometimes, it’s one night too many. “You’re safe. I have food, they’re warm! There’s beer. You don’t get drunk, but these are all free! Lucky, huh?” He’ll wrangle Steve back from the precipice. He’ll break through the glass if he has to. Rip his throat out screaming. He will. “I was listening to the radio whole morning. You’re still America’s Most Wanted Bachelor. I’m jealous. I’m not even in the footnote. And the Mandarin announced two more strikes. It’s a dangerous place, Steve. We need you.
There it is again. The attitude, that haughty dismissal. So maybe Steve doesn’t have the right to presume so much. He huffs solemnly, and casts his eyes to the stained carpet. “Be that as it may, I don’t wish to take advantage of your hospitality. Not like this. I don’t mean to – to be ungrateful, God knows, Tony the times I spent here in the Tower, with everyone have been the times I felt most alive.”
“Well, well. To what do I owe Captain America’s special attention. You must’ve liked me more than you’d care to admit.”
