,” MacCready teased, pulling his friend into a warm hug. He stayed there with him like that for a while, arm wrapped loosely around his waist admiring the finished product of all their hard work. He whistled loudly, “She’s a beaut ain’t she boss.”
Charlie laughed fully this time, “Miles upon miles.  From what I read they don’t even know where the source actually is.  Could be a crater...could be anything.  Anyone who ever tried to investigate never came back.  Either lost to the wasteland or probably picked clean by those Deathclaws out there.  This might be a little too out of your reach Dean-o, I don’t even think your boy wonder could accomplish it,” she said with a shrug.
“Just take a breath and let it out,” Anna said gripping at his hand.  He glanced up at her face and nodded, taking in a slow deep breath and held it until his lungs expanded and then let it out even slower.
“Can you do me a favor?” Castiel asked softly, his eyes never leaving Jericho slowly stirring the potatoes.
Kenton looked up and instantly blushed.  Pogue stood in front of him with that crooked grin of his and moved to sit next to him.  His long chestnut hair flowed freely past his shoulders and Kenton’s chest squeezed at the sight of it.  Maybe the thought of pairing up didn’t gross him out completely. Pogue was one of the several orphans the pack had adopted from the overthrown packs, Texas being the one his new friend came from.  He was only a year younger than Kenton and probably one of the sweetest people he’d ever met. And he was older than Brady which made what that kid was doing even shittier.
“Alright then, get out here,” he said, grinning as he looked around the room. It had taken him most of the night to set up, and a few teasing comments from Cain but fuck if he didn’t know the man was jealous as hell so whatever.
“No...I have to be there...I-I have to at least be apart of his end,” Castiel said firmly.
“Quinn!  Gods don’t scare me like that,” she gasped.  She could hear the faint buzzing of her cell phone still stuck in her purse near the door.  Quickening her steps she got to it about the third ring in and smiled when she saw the name Meg on the front.
“Look, I know you hate me, I get that...but if you could just give us a few minutes, just listen…” Dean swallowed hard before he made a promise he wasn’t sure he could keep. “Then if you want me to go, want me to leave you alone, hell shoot me, whatever, I just-I’ll let you do it, but please, just hear us out, Cas-tiel.” he winced, remembering how the nickname hadn’t worked so well the last time he’d used it.
Sam and Castiel shared a confused look but Sam hurried to do what his brother wanted.  It didn’t take much, especially with Anna already herding people toward the garage. She seemed to know what was going on but absolutely refused to tell Sam anything.  With a shake of his head he followed everyone out.
When he woke up, he felt surprisingly okay and smiled when Dean sat a plate of breakfast down on the coffee table in front of him.  “Thanks...I owe you big.”
“Hell if I know,” Dean said quietly before they were silently handed a ration pack from a dark-haired, equally angry brute.
He got dressed in something comfortable and helped Dean load the stuff into the car.  Though the festivities were held at Bobby’s house, it was Dean who did the grilling. Bobby supplied the beer though, that was enough.
Benny nodded, looking around the wall that they were currently hiding behind.  The behemoth was wandering around aimlessly, his attention being drawn away by the slightest of noises before returning back to his path, as if trained.  Benny bit his lip and swallowed hard, the nerves rising up from the pit of his stomach.
He was facing away from him and standing eerily still “What’s wrong?”
“Okay,” she said gently taking the book back to place onto the table.  Turning back she nudged Dean with a wry grin on her face, “Now go on and get, I’ve got work to do.”
“It really looks okay?” he asked, fidgeting with the waistcoat a bit.
The only one who was questioning that lil brother was you. Lmao <3 you, you giant dork.
Castiel couldn't help the giggle that exploded from him as he yanked Dean down into a deep, almost too wet kiss.  He loved the feeling of Dean’s tongue along his but that was completely obliterated when Dean’s hips moved, however unintentional it was, Castiel let out a gasp.  His boyfriend tried to pull away but Castiel wouldn’t let him, he needed those lips on his. Somehow he managed to get his legs untrapped from the weight of Dean’s body and suddenly they were pressed even closer together, “Nnn, Dean,” he gasped again, a little sharper this time.
“Oh well in that case you should uh, I can help...remind you to eat and stuff...if you wanted, I mean,” he said, taking a bite of his own food if only to shut his own stupid mouth. He sounded like a complete idiot.
Castiel winced, “Are...are you sure that’s a good idea right now?  From what Dean told me that place isn’t exactly fortified very well, it could put your people at risk,” he said.
“Well,” MacCready said expectantly, not one for mincing words.
Castiel blinked a few times, his thoughts rushing back to the present as his foot caught on a rock and he stumbled a bit.  Dean caught his elbow and he smiled up at the man, blushing a bit at his clumsiness. Usually, he was much more focused than this but yesterday still had him pretty rattled.  MacCready’s pointed looks weren’t helping.
Sam scrunched up his face in confusion until it hit him and his eyes widened along with his smile, “Holy shit!  That’s awesome!” Sam cried surging forward to hug them both, “Welcome to the family bro,” Sam chuckled.
“I need your help out by the garage, ASAP! Don’t say anything to Cas...or anyone, Actually just don’t say anything at all,” he said, and then immediately hung up. He knew Sam would do what was asked of him, and that’s all that mattered.
Castiel laughed, “Oh I have a few ideas but first, let's get inside before this storm starts.  We need to get the shutters down and in place,” he said, tracking his eyes down Dean’s body before heading inside.  The warmth at his back wasn’t surprising and couldn’t help smiling wide. They worked quickly getting his shutters down and tied in place just as the first drops of rain splattered against his roof.  Thankfully they’d had found enough materials in the warehouse to replace the old rusted shingles with sheets of metal edged with rubber to keep their homes dry.
Everything Kenton is feeling is exactly the way I felt when I finally learned the word ASexual on tumblr and how relieved I felt that I wasn’t fucking alone. Or a freak.  Or “frigid”.
It seemed impossible to speak.
Castiel huffed out a laugh, putting down the next patty a little mournfully.  Though the reminder of pie did perk him up a little, “You’re right.  I’ve just..never been this hungry before,” Castiel said.
“I’d say it’s a little late for that, wouldn’t you...
Henry read over them all and responded to each one.  The one he’d been hoping for didn’t come until he had hit send to Leeloo’s.  He held his breath and opened, teeth gnawing down on his bottom lip.
“Hey baby, was just about to go in, everything okay?” Dean asked.
No, no that wouldn’t work.  He deleted it and started over again.
“I know and I’m sorry too Lee.  I promise I’ll try to speak up more and I’ll talk to Caleb,” she said a blush warming her cheeks.
“Really,” Dean answered, shaking his head a little as he pushed another kiss against the closest skin he could reach. “I know it’s fast but I feel like I’ve spent years, all my life really...waiting for you and then I almost lost that-I just, I’m just saying I don’t want to hold back anymore. So whenever you’re ready, whatever you want Cas...I want to give it to you.”
“Ma, this is MacCready,” Benny quickly interrupted, not knowing exactly what could come out of that mouth.  The tension was already too thick and Mary was feeling threatened. Not a good mix.
“You look amazing sweetheart, but can you just trust me?” he asked, moving closer to give Cas a kiss to the forehead. “I’m going to change too, wait for me to come back and then I’ll show you the surprise, promise.”
He crawled onto the bed, pulling Cas into his arms immediately. The barely there scent of sweat and the small honied tones he carried on his skin made Dean groan in pleasure. He’d never had the man this close, not even during their almost kiss, it was...it was perfect but overwhelming and wonderful but terrifying. He was a mess of emotions and his brain just kept going and going until he felt a soft press of Castiel’s lips on his and then everything else seemed to fade into the background.
Our loveable idiots are finally hashing it out and Cas is on his way here.
to do anything. You don’t need to make these choices right now. We’re strong, stronger now with Dean and his, there’s no need to rush it...is there?”
Benny laughed, “Oh yeah, he’s waitin for you surprise attack him any day now,” he grinned leading the way back to the main house.  Castiel was standing up on the steps his face tight with some kind of determination while MacCready stood to his left and that girl Hannah on his right. Benny figured she was his advisor of sorts, she was sweet, quiet but Benny knew that woman had a mean right hook.  Watching her during MacCready’s training session had taught Benny a very valuable lesson. Don’t fuck or underestimate
It would be fine, all they had to do was keep their heads down and finish out the mission.
“Well you’re a smart guy, bound to happen from time to time...anything you feel like sharing?” Dean asked, curious about what exactly was going on in Cas’ head.
MacCready felt stunned that Castiel would even suggest such an idea. “Then I’ll handle it, whatever you need to do, I’ll follow you but...I’d much rather keep an eye on things here till you get back if you don’t mind.”
Hey so there’s supposed to be a meteor shower tonight.  Wanna hike up the hill a bit and watch them?
“What does it say?” he asked, pushing closer to try to examine the file, but it was still partially upside down.
“Well, it depends on if you’re a believer or not but...the Institute-”
Something was wrong.
They were going to get slaughtered.
She had watched Dean closely, how elated and proud he was around Castiel.  He was relaxed, smiled a lot, and even joked around with Rufus a few times.  Now though, he looked just as stressed if not more than the first time she’d brought him down here.
“Look, Ben, I-” he stopped, again not really knowing what to say. He swallowed a bit and closed his eyes, took a deep breath and tried once more. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to give you the impression that I don’t trust you. I do, I’m just a bit raw I guess…”
Dean pulled her into a hug and held tightly as he fought off the emotions that would lead to tears. He would miss her, Sammy too, but he needed to see what was out there, beyond the border patrols they’d set up. He had an itch under his skin that had been botherin’ him since he was a little kid. “I know, mom. I’m proud of you too, wasn’t easy doin’ what you did, nor raisin’ us all on your own the last few years. Thank you, for...for everything.”
“I’m fine, Cas-Cas, I’m fine...look at me,” Dean said, reaching out and bringing Castiel’s face up so that he could finally see those big blue eyes again. “I’m okay, I promise...asshole just suckerpunched me and I hadnt had time to figure a way out yet. No big deal.”
“But yes, it would have helped.  I’ll definitely bring this up to the group and let you know what they have to say,” Dean said with that soft smile of his that always made Castiel’s heart flutter.
“We need to get word back to camp,” Dean said, though he agreed with Castiel that Benny shouldn’t be moving any more than absolutely necessary. “I’ll find something, rig you up a stretcher, carry you on my back if I have to. Though, I might consider putting you on a diet five minutes into the trip.”
“Glad you two are back,” Bobby said in way of greeting, hugging them both but Dean just a few seconds longer of course.
“Nothin,” he lied, and quickly changed the subject.
“Should I be worried?” she asked.
So what’s up?
“Then why are you avoiding me?  Why are you
I’ve been living on take out for weeks now, I’m not even sure what good places are out there.
“I think you two do just fine on your own, just wonderin if these assholes are targeting you specifically you know?” Benny asked with a shrug.  Dean was okay but Benny still needed to see it with his own eyes.
“Sorry if I woke you,” he said as Samandriel gestured for him to follow into the kitchen.  Samandriel had cooking pans and ingredients all over the counters.
“C’mon, this way, I’m sure Dean’s got everything set up back in their room,” MacCready said, leading the way to the small alcove where Castiel and Dean had spent the last few weeks. He could barely hold back his pace now that his best friend was so close, he needed-fuck he needed to know that everything was okay, that it wasn’t too late.
He was pretty sure that Castiel would take him back, that they’d work things out but the last thing he needed was to complicate that further just because his dick got hard and his chest went warm at the sight of the man.
“If you roll your eyes any more they’re gunna fall out your head,” Dean says, catching his breath a little as the adrenaline subsides. “And I think you mean
you. I know everything you’ve ever done, everything you’ve ever
Jack grinned. “Good morning!”
As Dean pulls away, Castiel can see his face more closely. His eyes are glistening with a film of unshed tears, and his throat is tight like its holding back a well of emotion. “It is my pleasure,” Castiel offers.
“What do you know of the angel tablet?”
“Mornin’ sweet-cheeks.”
“And all the times he has come running to save you,” Meg continued. “To the point that you’ve been in and out of this place like a goddamn revolving door. It’s only a matter of time before he comes swooping in to save his precious angel
If only Cas could believe him, if only it mattered whether or not he did. Cas looks into Efram’s frightened eyes, sees his quivering lip and hears his sharp and shallow breaths, and can only feel sorry. “I’m so sorry, brother,” he says, and he means it, sincerely.
“Dude, I am not letting you get a penny outta me,” Dean swears just before Sam enters earshot. “Sam!”
“Hey!”
What he ends up in is… exactly what he would usually wear to go traipsing through the woods to meet Castiel. With the exception that he made sure to roll his sleeves up to give a little forearm because, after all, why not?
“No, I just watched him from afar.” Rachel sighed dreamily, recounting the man’s devilish smile and angled jaw in her mind.
“Yes! Exactly like that,” Dean chimes in, calmed down a little since a moment ago.
“Well, you might wanna worry about this one before you worry about me,” Jody says, gesturing to Cas, nestled under Dean’s arm.
Castiel freezes, confronted with a question had only ever half-answered himself. He frowns at the man struggling in his grip. His sword-arm lowers slightly. “I don’t know.” Castiel stares down at the man, helpless, in his grasp. He could strike this man down with no more effort than that of a trapped hare, yet with equal difficulty as faced down with a being that is to him innocent. “I couldn’t,” he admits.
. “Anyway, I’m driving so I get to decide.”
. And he deserves more than Dean; he deserves the world, he deserves
“Thank you for coming by, dear,” Missouri says from the ground. Dean’s not far off atop the roof of the low-ceilinged single-storey house. “We’re due for a particularly nasty autumn, and I don’t think this old house could survive it if it weren’t for all the work you’ve done. And your brother of course.”
Even as dizzy as he is with the thought of it all, Dean’s still got enough wits about him to slow down once he starts edging towards the tree-line. Again, he hangs back, squinting to survey Castiel’s usual spot. He sees a lone figure— great, he’s alone. Dean’s about to take another step, but his stomach turns and he stops.
Meg’s reassurance didn’t mean much, however, as Cas remained skeptical.
“Shut up.” Sam scoffed. Sam walked around the kitchen, checking out the cabinets and the counter-tops. He noticed something red and white scrunched up, and picked it up to inspect it. He unfurled the mystery item and upon seeing a red and white gingham apron topped with a ruffly heart-shape, he started snickering.
Dean gives her a death glare and works his jaw, but it’s not worth keeping the argument going, so he concedes, “Yeah, whatever.”
Dean throws his head back. “You can’t leave your post, I know. But come
This isn’t how how Dean Winchester handles his problems. He handles things
Dean looks back at Castiel and for a minute they lock eyes without exchanging another word. It may not carry a financial penalty, but a loss is a loss. In a sense, he’s already lost; Cas was right, he is too chicken-shit to actually let people think he and Cas are together. But as long as he can maintain his crumbling resolve for thirteen more days, he wins. What’s more, he can make it even fewer if Cas forfeits first.
Dean gets up and begins dressing and Castiel follows suit. “I did
Moving into a new place, starting a new life, for a while every morning was refreshing. Whatever feeling spring water ads were trying to convey, that’s what waking up felt like in that bed; Dean and Cas huddled together in those crisp sheets, fresh spring air drifting through the window, the sound of the rustling leaves and the chirping birds.
Readying himself for a scolding, he sheepishly files in through the front door. Sam sits there, lamp lit on the side table beside him, wearing a flat, accusatory expression.
“Improper use of sigils and/or wards.”
“So is that what you and Cas have been doing? Trying to one-up each other until one of you chickens out?” Sam says, working through the ridiculousness of it all. “Like gay chicken or something?”
you help Cas in the garden today.”
The three of them file out and with a clunk-click, the bunker door is sealed behind them. And with that Dean is alone with Sam. Sam draws his eyes up from the volume he’s been skimming through to catch his younger-older brother staring at him with some intensity.
“Define ‘child-proof’.” Dean said, half-jokingly. Sam gave him a withering look. “Hey, kid, come on don’t run around in here.” Dean said to Jack before he turned back to Sam. “Come-on man, I’m kidding. We got soft corner-thingies for the coffee table.”
Dean blinks as his eyes adjust to the daylight streaming in through the open doorway. Standing there, backlit by the morning sun, is the unmistakable face of Victor Henrickson. He’s smiling a crooked smile and leaning in a confident stance against the doorframe. “Can’t say the same for you if you’re up at the crack o’ dawn,” Dean quips back.
Dean surveys the area from where he’s standing, but there’s nothing but Castiel off in the distance, standing by the wall. He almost takes that step despite himself until— matte black wings. There’s no iridescence to them, only a flat colour, absorbing all the sun’s light and offering nothing back. From this distance Dean cannot make out facial features, but he knows; that is not Castiel.
Dean shrugs. “I dunno,” he says, nonchalant. The truth, of course, is that he’d been surveying the area for a few weeks before he’d made his first attempt, and he actually became quite well acquainted with these woods. Somehow Dean doubts Sam really wants to hear just how dedicated he really was to his somewhat suicidal scheme.
“So angels don’t all wanna kill us, huh?”
Cas’ face melts into a soft, sympathetic smile. “You’re a good man, Dean.” he says softly, earnestly.
Bobby is the first to intrude just a minute later. “I’m heading out to get you boys some supplies. I don’t want any part of whatever this is, so you boys can discuss amongst yourselves. Whatever the two— or three of you decide, I’ll back your play.”
As Dean eats, Castiel picks at the berries slowly and tentatively, constantly looking up at Dean in between as if checking to make sure he still has permission. “I don’t want any, they’re all for you,” Dean clarifies, pushing the punnet closer to Castiel.
With Sam driving and Dean riding shotgun, the journey is blissfully free of any further hijinks. Dean’s thankful for the break, and from the chilled out expression he catches Cas sporting when he occasionally checks on him in the rearview mirror, Cas is too.
“Yes,” Cas says. “Seriously. That’s why I don’t sleep.”
Sam’s face twists into a reluctant smile. In a moment the two start snickering, then fully laughing, doubled over on the cold cell floor. Their laughter is interrupted as there’s a heavy clunk and the door swings open. Two angels step inside and look down at the brothers Winchester with a snide disdain.
“There’s a reason you’re placed here, Efram. You’re not much of a fighter.”
“Okay.” Jack jumps down from his seat and carries the bowl over to Cas by the sink.
Castiel collects up the blades, promising to re-sharpen them after the abuse he’d put them through this afternoon. They head back inside and Castiel helps Bobby unpack. There’s food, and a lot more booze, but Castiel doesn’t comment.
“Don’t,” Castiel says, grabbing onto Dean’s wrist.
Castiel frowns. “Yes, I remember,” he says, flat. “But yes, even someone like you.
For a small town, it’s decently stocked. As much as Dean wants to get fresh ingredients, it’s unlikely they’ll have any cooking apparatus in the uninhabited zone, so he opts for several packages of pre-made stews and soups. Jo comes back from the apothecary with as many first aid supplies as she can carry, not that they anticipate needing that many— if you get injured in angel territory, you’re dead.
“Can I please have ice cream after my lunch?”
Dean shuffles, taking a small bite of his sandwich. “Well it was just the one angel, but yeah. He let me go.”
Dean goes away to order and comes back to the table with a whiskey for himself, and a fruity cocktail with a tiny umbrella in it for Cas. “Here you go,” he says with a smug grin as he slides the drink over to Cas.
“No, man, I like it as is.”
leave.”
“I’ve been propositioned plenty,” Castiel protests. “I just— It never seemed right.”
“Of course,” Cas nods his head and gives Dean a knowing smile. “There’s still so much I don’t understand about being human. I’m lucky I have you and your brother around to help.” Cas swipes up bother plates and moves them into the sink, with that taking complete care of breakfast.
Castiel stares down at it, dumbstruck. “I— This is for me?” he asks in disbelief.
Bobby stops and Castiel stops beside him, just in front of the brazier. Bobby hands him a scratched up metal lighter. “This was Dean’s. Left it here once,” he says. “Anyway, not important. Burn ‘em.”
Cas is hovering, not touching. It’s somehow crueller, and better. It makes Dean ache, but not to get away. He wants to lean into Cas’ touch. That need, that desperation, it all makes sense when Dean starts to feel himself stiffening.
“We’re lovers in the nighttime, yeah, yeah, I got it,” Dean says. “But yeah okay, that sounds good.”
Sam sits opposite, looking at Dean with a pleading expression. “Anything I can do?”
Cas places one hand on Dean’s shoulder and the other on his chest. There’s a pale golden glow that accompanies the warm energy that washes over Dean like a tidal wave. Cas moves to place a hand on the back of Dean’s neck to do the same, then between his shoulder blades, then the small of his back. He lingers in each spot for a minute, letting his grace work. They don’t really speak while he does this, and Dean doesn’t think about much, except how comfortable he feels in that moment. “I won’t ask if your ass hurts,” Cas says with a wry smile when he’s done.
When Castiel reports to Zachariah, he is distracted by a small gathering of angels. It’s a quiet, calm angelic version of a hubbub.
Dean makes quick work of setting up some workable heating apparatus with the materials they’d brought and what remains of the old stove. Meanwhile Jo is testing out each of the old chairs, determining which of them are viable to hold the weight of a grown adult without the rotted wood collapsing under them. To her surprise, the chairs are in surprisingly good nick.
Sam pauses, then completely earnest, he says, “Because I know what it looks like when you’re not.”
“Live at a- what does that even mean? Shut up.” Dean’s attention turns to his breakfast. “Hey can you pass a-” Cas sloppily drops a knife and fork onto the counter beside Dean’s plate. Dean bites his tongue on any further remarks as he carries his plate over to the table. The two eat in silence aside from the soft tick-tock of the clock on the wall counting up the seconds since the last word.
“Okay,” Cas says with a sad smile. “Goodnight, Dean.”
“It does,” Dean snorts. “You really can’t resist all this.” Dean gestures over his body again, but this time Cas follows the trail of Dean’s hands with his eyes, biting his lip.
Dean pays little attention to Cas as he flings his duffel to the ground and starts rapidly shucking clothing. He drags an old t-shirt and a pair of pyjama bottoms adorned with hot-dog illustrations from his closet and clambers haphazardly into them, almost falling over as he attempts to get his right leg in. He rights himself, then notices Cas staring.
to sleep just to be close to him. Well, the other him. He tries not to dwell on the thought.
“Dean,” Castiel says, firm. “If the angels are on high alert they are going to be watching this area. If they see a human approaching the citadel— they won’t be as forgiving as me. Especially not now.”
Dean raises an eyebrow. “When you say ‘family dinner’, what you mean is, you want me to cook, right?”
Dean nods. “Yeah, he says since Cas healed him.”
“Fuck off,” Dean spits, only now falling into his instinctive defensiveness.
Bobby sniffs and looks over Castiel, eyes narrow in a silent consideration. “Well you can stay here while you figure that out.”
Dean blows out some air. “It would be real convenient if we could send messages through the air, huh?”
“Have you been sent here to test my faith? My obedience? My judgement? What?” Castiel rants, erratic.
Dean isn’t even sure why he walked in there. His mind told him to head to the garage to get under Baby as soon as was humanly possible, but his legs apparently have a mind of their own, transporting him to the room where he’s most likely to find civilisation. Meaning most likely to find Cas, he supposes, for a second before he banishes the thought.
“Yeah,” Sam returns, eyes squinting uncomfortably.
“You got a plan then? Or, let me guess, coming here was as far as you got?”
“Okay fine,” Dean sighed. Jack immediately cheered and jumped down onto the floor. “Hey, hold on there, kid,” Dean stopped Jack in his tracks as he headed for the door. “You can
Cas chuckles from his armchair, not lifting his eyes from the book he’s presently got his nose in. The older Dean shoots him a glare.
Cas swallows and tightens his jaw. Every step he’s taken closer to the citadel he steps further into the muck of his past. His legs had barely wanted to move, as if moving through viscous liquid with every step. But here he is now, and the questions have started coming.
pretty hot, I will say that.”
Cas frowns and straightens his neck pulling his head back slightly. “Sam and Eileen aren’t here,” he says.
“Why’s there two of you?” the boy asks, reaching out a tiny hand and placing his fingers, wet with suds, onto Dean’s cheek. Dean’s breath hitches at the touch, he recoils like he’s a toxic substance.
“Not much,” Dean says with a shrug, avoiding his older self’s accusatory stare.
Castiel stoops down to pick up the knife. Slowly, with the permission of his guards, he approaches Dean. He bends down to where Dean is slumped over, lifting his head up with a firm hand around the side of his face, the other hand gripping the knife’s hilt.
“No it’s not,” Cas says, getting defensive. “Just because I’m interested in men, doesn’t mean I’m interested in
Dean stood in the doorway with a frown, not rushing back in like Cas expected. “Uh, why?” he asked. “Can’t you just heal him?”
“It’s stupid,” Dean repeats, an attempt at absolution. “He thinks I’m afraid of the idea of people thinking that we’re together. So we made a bet that I’d go two weeks pretending we were to prove that I wasn’t.”
“Well don’t just look.” Cas set the bottle down and moved his free hand to cup Dean’s face as he leaned over and pressed his lips against Dean’s in a soft kiss. Cas pulled back a fraction, face millimetres from Dean’s.
In addition, Sam’s condition is anything but stable. One moment he’s freezing cold and Dean’s piling blankets on top of him until the shivering stops; the next he’s sweltering hot and Dean’s dabbing his forehead with a wet washcloth desperately trying to cool him down. And all throughout Sam remains asleep, completely unconscious and unable to wake. He stirs and shifts and thrashes, even, but never wakes. Not for a gruelling thirty-six hours.
Dean were well aware of this.
grace, will shape humanity and the world.
Dean can’t help but leak out a smile. “Yeah man, for sure. We’ll tear it up.”
It’s forever, and no time at all, when Castiel regains consciousness. He’s horizontal, and somewhere familiar. As he blinks himself awake he realises where he is; he’s lying on Bobby’s couch. There’s no one lying there with his this time though.
“Cas, come
Dean’s pulse jumps in an instant, his heart now racing as thoughts race through his head in tandem. Castiel had told him to keep the grace a secret, and he has done. Nobody except Missouri knows about Sam’s miraculous recovery and there’s no way in hell, heaven, earth, or anything in between, that Missouri would sell them out. So how could they know? Unless… they don’t.
“Cas, you gunna tell me or not? You’re bein’ kind of a tease right now, bud.”
Castiel is a million miles off, staring ahead at the kitchen window opposite his seat, marked with a painted-on sigil. Dean would worry that he was still feeling guilty, but Castiel’s expression is not one of guilt, but one of resignation.
Sam’s shoulders drop and his brows furrow. “Uh… I don’t know,” he says with a shrug. “I just buy whatever’s in decent condition. So much of our stuff gets torn to shreds or covered in blood anyway, doesn’t hurt to have a lot of the same.”
Jack sat there for a moment, smiling stupidly at a still groggy Castiel, before launching himself at Castiel and wrapping his short arms around his dad’s neck. Cas hugged back, his face melting into a smile.
With that Castiel steps back to the door, steps to the outside and places a palm flat on its outer surface. There’s a blinding white light and Dean ducks away from it, shielding his eyes with his arms. When the light dims and he raises his head, as the spots in his vision fade he sees only his brother and Castiel standing there.
Sam’s eyes are filled with dread and fear, but not surprise. “I don’t know. There’s nothing wrong with him.”
“Meg, I thought of you often.”
“No, dude, come on. I’ll take the first watch and you can take the second. Sound good?”
“I’m not anything anymore,” Castiel remarks, biting.
“I didn’t say we leave anyone behind— Cas was the one who suggested it I’m just… considering all our options.” Sam bites back in defence.
Dean hums, twisting his jaw in dissatisfaction. Sometimes not knowing is just worse.
Meg scoffed,
With a moment alone Castiel eyes the front door. The only angels who have seen Sam and Dean’s faces are Azrael and Loriel, which gives Sam and Dean a much better chance of flying under the radar. As an angel, Castiel’s face is known to all of his brothers and sisters. He cannot hide from either humans or angels— he may as well be a gigantic beacon pointing to the Winchesters.
Cas meets Dean with a determined glare. He takes the end of Dean’s index finger in his mouth and slips off with the relish, relishing the moment as his gaze is locked with Dean’s. “Mm,” he hums, with a tone Dean almost mistakes for sensual. “That is good.”
“Because I said it would be weird.”
“What you yelling for, boy?” Bobby growls. “I was just settling down for the night and—” his words trail off as he spies the angel stood wringing his hands on his porch. “What the hell have you boys got yourselves into?”
“Of course,” he says, understanding of course that unlike an angel whose entire existence is service, humans have complex and multi-faceted lives and as much as Castiel might like (though struggle to admit) Dean can’t always keep him company here. “I wish him the best in his recovery.”
Sam nods and rubs his hand against the back of his neck. “Yeah, I am.”
For one impatient moment, there’s silence, and Castiel almost drops into darkness. But then there’s a faint shuffle, and then a louder shuffle, and the door swings open, and there stands Bobby Singer.
“Of course, I do too,” Cas agreed, his face having softened as he placed a hand on Dean’s arm. “He’ll be fine, kids heal fast enough even without angelic assistance.”
Bobby surveys Dean with an incredulous eye. “Are you and him…?”
you, man. I can’t— shit.” Dean swallows the lump in his throat. “God… how do you even thank someone for something like that?”
“Garth came by a few minutes ago, said Cas and Henrickson are here.”
Dean emerges from his room later, clean and clothed after his shower. He finds Sam in the library poring over news articles on his laptop, looking for cases, no doubt. Sam’s eyes flick up as he catches Dean enter, but he makes no acknowledgement of him, not wanting to find out the hard way if Dean is still pissy.
“How is Sam?” Castiel asks, mouth full of fruit. Apparently angels don’t learn kindness
Dean heads for the store as soon as he’s dressed - not like he had anything else on the agenda. And he’s roped Cas into going with him, which seemed smart when he suggested it, until he remembered that the grocery store is another public place. He couldn’t really get around it though, since it came up when trying to convince him to fix his hangover (which he did). Luckily, though, the grocery store’s not a particularly intimate place, so they can stick to hand-holding.
“Where have you guys been?” Dean asks.
“You know I was worried about you,” Dean says, quiet, as he finishes up on Castiel’s arm. “Thought you’d been caught. Executed. Because of me.”
“Yeah,” Cas answers with no hesitation.
Dean swallows. So they’re not dead, but they’re as close to it as they could get. If getting into the citadel was almost impossible, the odds of escaping aren’t even worth considering. Dean bangs the back of his head against the white brick. “Great. Where’s Cas?”
Castiel nods and takes a shaky breath, gearing himself up to give the explanation Bobby deserves. “The angels found us. I tried to fight them off but— I just couldn’t, by myself. They took us to the citadel, they put— put me on trial,” Castiel’s voice is shaky as he relays the events, his body desperate to curl up into nothing, if only it weren’t too weary too move. “They tried to make me kill Dean to prove my loyalty to them, but I couldn’t do it. So they—” Castiel struggles to bring up the words. They want to stay lodged in his throat, to choke him and end him there. “They cut off my wings. And then they killed Dean. In front of me.”
“Well, yeah,” Dean says, finally finding the towel he was searching for under a haphazardly stacked pile of clothes. “But doesn’t it feel like all we ever do is mop up messes? Nothing ever changes or, we don’t make any real moves. I guess it just feels like this war is gunna go on forever until we’re all dead, and all we’re really doing is slowing it down.”
“Shower and a change o’ clothes and we’ll be good as new, trust me,” Dean says, steadfast as he drops into the drivers seat.
It’s impolite in human society to read letters intended for someone else, but Castiel is not human, even now, so he reads them anyway. He finds one letter penned by Dean, dated to only three months prior;
More so than his father ever did, Bobby just wanted him and Sam to be happy and healthy.  He loved them pretty much unconditionally, And Bobby, though he was always too gruff to really show it or admit it, loved Cas too. If anything by proxy, he loved Cas because Dean…
Bobby nods. “Okay.” It would appear Bobby is as undecided as Castiel as to whether his life has any worth in its continuation. Castiel doesn’t take it personally; even this response is far more than he deserves. “Are you human now?”
“Seems like it, yeah.”
“You seem like a little spoon,” Eileen agrees.
“Hey, you good?”
The two sat there for forever in a few minutes, feeling the warmth radiate from the other as the night air cooled around them. Moonlight bounced off the uneven water’s surface, sparkling as if it were made of diamonds.
Castiel catches Dean’s staring and leans forward, inviting. Dean’s not one to turn down an open invitation, and leans in to meet him. Castiel’s lips are soft and sweet and tangy with the hint of the berries left behind. Dean shuffles back, pulling Castiel along with him, pressing his back into the sturdy trunk of Castiel’s oak tree.
“I don’t get it,” older Dean says, voice short and quiet. “How I could sit there, and try to lie to
“I’m already damned,” Castiel says with a defeated shrug. Dean’s face shifts into a smile and he starts to chuckle. Without any of his usual control, Castiel too begins to snicker. They’re both ridiculous, he supposes.
“Not exactly,” Cas smiles softly, his eyes appearing far away for a moment. “I’m an angel.”
The usual arrangement doesn’t typically have Cas sitting
for any weird reason; it’s not like Dean’s gunna swoon.
“No, I’m calling you a coward,” Cas says. “You’re afraid of what other people will think of you. It’s nothing to be ashamed of, it’s perfectly natural to fear the judgement of others. I just think it’s rather humorous how you try to deny and justify it.”
Cas nodded and sipped his freshly-made green tea, still standing by the kitchen counter. Slowly but surely, just as with sleep, Cas was mastering food and drink too. Though without really being able to rely on Dean the same way, food was proving more of a challenge. So far he’d been able to enjoy only very mild or simple things, a fact that Dean teased him about often -
“How you feeling, Cas?” Dean asks between mouthfuls. He’s looking at Cas with an open expression, and Cas can tell he’s really trying, making a real concerted effort here, and he can’t help but resent it.
Cas tuts. “I know how to behave at a family dinner,” he says, heading straight to kitchen to cut Dean off with absence before he can argue.
Dean keeps his attention firmly on the bookshelf. “Is he?” he says with a shrug. “Hadn’t noticed.” He turns back to Jo, who’s inspecting a creepy looking ceramic troll figurine. “I thought you said you weren’t into him.”
“You rest now, son,” Bobby says, getting up to leave. “I don’t know how that kinda injury’s gunna heal up, but it might be a nasty few days.”
Dean quietens for a moment. “Yeah, well I’m glad too,” he says. “‘Sides it seems to me like most angels are assholes, so good for you for telling them to shove it up their ass.”
you. And you put your life on the line and stood up to the
“Doesn’t seem to work like that. Not in my experience anyway.”
“I didn’t see him after they brought us to the citadel. But the angels told me they— they executed him. Too.”
“Yes, it was,” Castiel returns, a gentle smile gracing his lips. “This was very kind of you.”
, Dean thinks.
“Yeah. I met my future self once, but he didn’t remember anything about it,” older Dean recalls. “I dunno maybe it’s alternate timelines or something. Cas’d know.”
Dean lowers his phone in a dawning realisation. “Are we- do we have to pretend in front of Sam?”
“You wiped my memory, didn’t you?”
Meg shook her head, smiling, still amused by the strange way the angel’s mind works; able to comprehend higher dimensions but struggling to connect the vast number of dots and signposts all pointing in the same direction.
Finally Bobby looks upon the mess of angel before him. “And what about you?” he asks, an accusing tone present somewhere in his voice. “You escape? Are more angels coming for you?”
And so Cas understood Meg’s frustration. His thoughts would mean little to her, because she wasn’t saying that he hadn’t been her friend, and she wasn’t upset that he hadn’t tried to bring her back. She was frustrated because he hadn’t appreciated that - and he had come to realise this now - that Dean Winchester must have loved him in a way that was different and deeper. Because Dean hadn’t moved on before, he hadn’t looked back fondly, he had only looked forward at a future besmirched by a void. An absence in the heart. A future that was empty.
Considering that this wood leads them directly into the belly of the beast vis-a-vis angels, and according to Victor, Cas has a bad history with angels, it makes a lot of sense. Still, there’s something else off about Cas in these woods that Dean can’t quite pinpoint. There’s a gust of wind through the trees that for a moment sounds like spitting rain, but the sky is clear.
Jack nodded.
“You don’t have to— ah,” Castiel hisses as Dean gently pats the cloth over the open wound on his arm. Castiel grimaces but lets Dean continue. “Thank you, Dean.” Castiel looks around, surveying the house. It’s not much, Dean knows that, especially to an angel. “Where’s Sam?”
,” Castiel relents.
“And when he’d see people acting… ‘bad’, he’d say shit about them. I always thought that if I acted… ‘bad’, then people would say shit about me too.”
!” Sara protested.
It’s Dean’s turn to scoff as he leans nonchalant against the ivory brick wall, arms crossed. “Really?” he asks, incredulous.
“Yeah? He didn’t speak to you, did he?”
of alcohol in them. There’s two spirits
Dean creeps out into the hall only to find Cas standing right in front of the door staring him down with those steely blues.
“So…” Jo begins. “This is kind of a big deal.”
“And?”
Cas smiles. “I’m glad you’re having fun,” he says, earnest.
“So what gives?” Sam asks the older Dean while still studying the younger one. “How’d he get here?”
“Anyway, then I spot this guy helping his little kid, the cutest kid by the way, on the slide. There are a few dads around sometimes, you know, but this guy- when I tell you he was cute, it’s an understatement,
Cas may not be his partner, not for real, but he’s still his best friend and, yeah, it’s nice to have him around and to know that he’s still there. It’s nice to be able to squeeze his hand and tell him without telling him that he wants him to stay.
“Sam!” Dean grabs Sam’s shoulders and furrows his brow. “Sam?”
“No way! Dan wasn’t gay.” Sara pouted.
charitable. Why don’t you just buy him some clothes?”
Something bright catches his eye; the glint of the sun reflected off the shining black chassis of the Impala. Dean’s face relaxes into relief as he dashes forward towards the familiar sight. His reflection beams back at him in the window, his youthful green eyes filled with life. He takes a moment to run his hands over her, his ol’ reliable. Even when he doesn’t have his dad, his brother, or anyone, he has her.
Sam furtively reopens the door and stands there in the doorway. He wears a nervous smile. “I didn’t realise you’d be… I thought you’d be sleeping. Alone. Hi Cas.”
Cas’ hands clench as he balls them up in the fabric of Dean’s t-shirt. He buries his face in Dean’s shoulder. “Fuck,” he breathes out into Dean’s chest, before pushing himself up and off. Standing there with a hand over his forehead, he looks over Dean for a moment, sprawled out on the sofa before him. His lips press together before he walks away quickly, not sparing a second look at Dean, leaving him there alone to cool down and catch his breath.
“Stop!” Sam protests, ducking and batting Dean’s hands away.
, too. Maybe you can’t save Sam, I can’t say for certain. But I
Cas snaps his fingers.
The peephole confirms his suspicions. It’s Sam, looking wild and frenzied and—is that blood on his mouth?
They won’t last, of course. Nothing ever does.
Dean glares at Uriel, then turns away from the two of them and storms back into the motel room, where Sam is nowhere to be found. When he turns around to relay this to Cas, he sees the hallway is empty.
Dean turns around from his beer. A dark-haired man stares at him, hazel eyes containing the wisdom of a million years.
Dean honestly doesn’t know why he was so insistent on staying a demon. Sure, he was… powerful, but that wasn’t the extent of it.
The frantic knocks on the door aren’t surprising. He and Bobby exchange looks, and Dean rises from his seat on the couch, beer abandoned.
Dean wakes up in a pinewood box. His grave, he assumes. He doesn’t have much room to move, but he’s pretty sure he’s in his own body.
“And you, Dean, were tortured in Hell for 41 years?” Bobby raises his eyebrows.
The corners of Cas’s lips turn up in a smile. “Yes, you did. When you talked about being a demon.”
Sam stands like a giant in the doorway, and Dean rolls his eyes. “Why don’t you take a seat, Sam?”
Dean scoffs.
Dean didn’t think so far ahead. “Uhm, who’s your favorite character?”
Dean kisses him then and there, in front of every person at the table.
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel says, and Dean turns. This vessel is a brown-haired man with deep blue eyes.
He’s just come out of a torture session. The man’s blood is still on his hands.
“So, in Hell, when I was on the rack, Castiel came to me. Said he had an offer for me. A job, if you will.” Dean’s web of lies is getting impressive, but credibility’s stretched thin in some places. “You’ve never been to Hell; you don’t understand. Time there isn’t linear. Technically speaking, I’ve known Castiel for thirty three years. Or a little bit more than fifteen weeks.”
Then he realizes: it’s just a delayed reaction to what he’d be feeling upon meeting Cas for the first time. Of course he’d be nervous; Cas is an angel of the lord.
“What’s your name?” He asks with a sigh, taking the bottle back in his hand. It’s cool to the touch, perspiration collecting on the sides of the fragile glass. If he squeezes his hand too hard, the bottle will probably shatter.
“Hello, Dean Winchester.”
Sam doesn’t follow.
Cas nods. “Yes. You agreed, did you not?”
Dean joins Cas in the hallway, leaning his head against the wall. “Hey, Cas?”
“Hey, Cas?” Dean asks. He hasn’t slept the entire time they’ve been in the safe house, which is something like two weeks and a half, maybe? He’s lost track at this point. Dean isn’t sure if he can sleep, but he’d like to try.
“No.” Cas says, and Dean freezes. “I said I once loved you. I never stopped.”
“Lee-”
“Sometimes.  There are plans to raise up the settlement but we can’t find enough concrete.  We’ve also talked about moving entirely but some of us, including me, are a little too attached to this place.  Mostly it’s the ones who fled Sommerville who don’t want to leave,” Castiel laughed softly.
“What are you doing here MacCready?” he demanded, taking a few steps away from the group.
Castiel was wide awake now.  He blinked at Dean a few times before sitting up slowly and lifting his arms up above his head.  He was nervous and probably resembled a tomato but he wanted this. The shirt was tossed away from them like he had done with Dean’s the night before.  Castiel fought the urge to cover up, his body looked nothing like Dean’s, they were polar opposites of each other. Though there must have been something appealing with the way Dean was staring at him almost hungrily.
“Guilty.”
“He’s the quietest four-year-old I have ever seen.” Sam shook his head, looking back at Jack, sitting calmly and quietly in the back seat.
Dean pauses what he’s doing. “What do you mean you don’t know? Something happen?”
“You shouldn’t be here,” the angel says, an authority in his gravelly voice that sends shivers through Dean’s spine.
The two make it to the meat section where Dean stands carefully eyeing up two different packets of beef mince. Cas’ arms are wrapped around Dean’s upper arm as his hands are occupied with mincemeat.
His thoughts are all of Sam, of the hope of seeing him fit and healthy once more. It’s hope he’d dashed for such a long time, even as he worked tirelessly to bring it to fruition. A part of him had believed it would never come. After all how could he, failure as he is, possibly succeed in something such a gargantuan task? Looking after Sam has always been the one thing he could look back on and be proud of so it had only felt right that it too would fall apart in his hands one day.
“I mean, Henrickson’s a pretty big deal these days,” she goes on. “And Cas? Fucking legendary. You’ve never met him, right?”
Dean’s charming smile certainly makes it tempting, but Castiel’s already embedded himself on the angel’s shit-list, and for lesser offences. Besides, while it may be monotonous, dull and actively killing his brain cells, Castiel’s duty is not without its importance.
“You’re the one who said I should stay home, and we need supplies, and the stores are all closed tomorrow,” Sam says, short and frustrated. “So I don’t care if you’re hungover. Get up!”
“Probably not. Want some?”
“Cas?” Dean repeats.
Jim shakes his head in disappointment. “Just tell me— is it dangerous?”
It seems to be enough explanation as Sam backs off from his shoving. “That’s stuff’s poison, why would you put that in your body?”
When Castiel hears the telltale rustle of leaves in the brush, he catches his breath, fighting back a smile. As much as possible, he maintains the cool exterior of a dedicated sentry, giving Dean the room to try whatever hare-brained scheme he’s cooked up for today.
Dean places a hand at Castiel’s cheek to lift his head up. “Hey, Cas, look at me,” he says, forceful in his stress. “What the hell just happened.”
“Me and Cas are together now,” he rushes out. He whips a hand over for Cas to grab, which he does. “Romantically. We’re a couple.”
“We didn’t make any exceptions when we shook on it, so yes,” Cas replies simply.
Cas turned his head sharply back to her, he tried to reach out but in a second of blinding white he was gone.
“I had a dream last night.” Cas’s excitement didn’t really come across in his tone as, just as a human would be first thing in the morning, he was still ‘booting up’ so to speak.
Then again, it’s never that simple. “I’m guessing the angels aren’t gunna want us to get our hands on this thing if it exists?”
. But- I mean this just ain’t me.”
was the result of Cas’s meticulous brainstorming.
Cas smiles, but he seems a little sad. “Okay then, that’s fine I just wanted to make sure you were okay,” he says, brows furrowed.
“Guilty on all counts,” Castiel says before Naomi even gets the chance to ask.
“Of course,” Cas says, flat. “I can’t imagine how I will resist.”
Dean lifts his head and a small smile curves at the corners of his lips. “Yeah.”
The man attempts to pull away from Castiel’s grip, hands tight around Castiel’s wrist as he tugs.
Dean brings his bowl over and plops himself at the table opposite his brother, his expression fixed in worry. “Maybe we should get Cas to check you out,” he suggests.
“Come here,” Dean says, tugging gently. He’s smiling suggestively, inviting Cas to get closer at the same time as inviting him to take the out.
Stephen shuffles away back into his shop, and there’s a distinct feeling that he’s not wanted inside. To be fair, he was a frequent ‘customer’ back when he was a kid, but it’s strange how the people of Lawrence see him now. They’ll seek out his services but still never invite him in for coffee, happily receive his labour but always act as though they’re doing him a favour.
comfortable.” So they’re back on. And Cas really isn’t letting up as he rests his chin on Dean’s shoulder.
“With your shoes on?”
The fourth woman, Yulia, took a big sip of her mojito, almost like a deep inhale, then added. “I have a cute guy story too.”
“You? Are you a hunter too?” Dean asks, trying to be normal about the whole thing, removed from the situation like a third party observer.
Cas nods; it’s probably a fair point. “Okay, well how about some warning then?”
The five of them are spread around the room making space for all the books sprawled out across the two tables. Dean can only get through a sentence or two at a time before his mind taps out, either blanking and not taking in another word, or wandering off in wayward directions. He crashes his head down onto its pages and lets out a dramatic groan.
“Mom!  Your phone is ringing!” Quinn yelled, making her jump and nearly drop the plate in her hand.
Just a short little chapter...
MacCready shook his head, “You won’t have to, you won’t have to do
“Tell your idiot friend to stay down!” Castiel shouted, taking out the one who moved way too close to the stranger.  The bigger one grumbled something and took out one of the ones readying themselves to start throwing grenades.
Benny smiled at them, the familiar ache pulling in his chest at their affection towards the other.  He’d lost his whole family in a raider attack. Even his baby sister had been taken from him. Probably why he felt so close to Dean and his family.  They took him in and Mary had practically raised him the last several years.
Benny nodded, not making a move to get closer to the gates.  Castiel and MacCready needed the support more than anything and he could see the gratefulness in MacCready’s eyes when Benny shuffled closer.  He squeezed at the man’s fingers and smiled.
“Duck!” Benny shouted, shoving MacCready hard to the side as a damn boulder the size of their bodies came hurling past them.  Why the hell had he agreed to one, split away from Dean and two choose to be one of the ones to draw away the big thing!
“I’m sure she will.  I’ll have to speak with her before we leave though,” Castiel said looking around the place.  The sun was sinking lower into the horizon, casting the sky into beautiful shades of purples and blues.  It was probably the best view of their sunsets, right along the beach with the waves crashing.
“I’d go myself-”
“Kiddo, we understand.  Benny and MacCready were traveling with you...they had to know.  And Sammy...well...that’s a given,” Bobby chuckled, “This definitely complicates things though,” he sighed getting up from his chair to pace the room a bit.
“No problem, I’ll double check everything...Castiel can be kind of a dick sometimes but he was right, we don’t need you hooked on anything.”
Castiel beamed up at Dean, “You remembered...Dean, you’re the best,” he said.  Castiel gently pushed Dean down into a chair and grinned, “You’re getting one too mister,” he said, playfully challenging the man.
He swallowed hard and his arm reached out to silently stop Benny in his tracks. “Weapons,” he whispered as quietly as possible, before quietly unsnapping his gun, though with the size of those things he wasn’t sure it would help. They’d need something bigger, thankfully Benny had a good amount of ammo left in his sniper rifle.
“Sounds good.  Love you...
Castiel closed his eyes and nodded, “There’s a settlement, the one I told you we were going.  Jamaica Plains. They’re growing but have no protection. They’ve been sending out distress calls and from what I’m assuming, we’re the first to respond.  Then again...and I’m not saying this lightly to give either of those pricks an excuse, they may not have the right signal for the Brotherhood or Minutemen.”
“You’re going to do great and they’re lucky to have you,” Dean promised. Once they got the groceries put away his hand went to his pocket immediately, nervously picking at the small velvet box. He was just about to pull it out when Cas turned around and walked into the living room. Nervous flutters tingled in his stomach but then they were swept away as he decided,
“Is that so?  You didn't tell him this did you?”
A girl, young but not a child, about Sammy’s age. She looked...completely out of place in the muted tans and greens of the other wardrobes. Not to mention, she actually had a smile on her face and was half dancing her way through the room that served as a cafeteria.
“No way,” Dean said, the grin on his face grew wider as his shock slowly started to melt away. It had been years since he’d seen a Pip Boy, probably since before they came to Sanctuary Hills.  And those ones had never even powered on. “This is...this is friggin’ awesome!”
“Oh yeah, what is it you want then.  Didn’t think you swung my way with Mr. Dangerous at your back,” she smirked.  There was a huffed out laugh behind him and Castiel fought the urge to roll his eyes.  Even it would be out of fondness.
“Alright, here is a list of this week's homework that will be due on Friday.  No excuses boys,” his mom said, pointing at Oz and Chuckles. The two of them made mock faces of surprise that had Henry snorting.  His two best friends were notorious for not remembering to do the work. They knew the material and always helped out the younger ones including himself when he had an issue but try and get them to do the homework?
MacCready let out a bitter laugh. “So it’s yes on the death wish then. Cause I’ll tell you right now that if Castiel Novak ever sets eyes on either of you again, you’ll be damn lucky to walk away from it.” He shook his head, “And somehow I get the feeling this information isn’t going to smooth things over.”
. When Cas went over to read it, he got an eye roll in return but Dean just shrugged “We were gonna do that either way, might as well start now. Here’s the recipes that I have stuff for, so you pick one and I’ll pick one and we’ll eat ourselves sick later, whaddya say?”
“How big we talkin’?” he asked, “If we could fill it in or clean it out either way..”
“I wanted it to be a more breakfasty cake,” Leeloo said, blushing a little as Castiel smiled proudly at her.
“I’m good boss, just reloaded. But we better make it quick...I’m thinkin
“Ma, please?” he asked, using his best pout on her.  Mary scoffed, rolling her eyes fondly but did as he asked.  Benny sighed, running a hand over his face, “Is he okay?” Benny asked turning back to MacCready.
“I said I was sorry,” Brady spat, his eyes flicking to Dean for a split second.
“When I look at them...I know I love them.  I love their personalities but I also feel this ache in my gut.  There will be times when Rhiannon smiles or Caleb will say something that makes the ache stronger,” she said and then looked back up at him.
“Who the fuck is that!” MacCready shouted, pointing at something behind him.  Castiel frowned, whipping his head around to find two guys their age literally running into the fray and shooting their weapons.
“You listen to me and listen good mister.  Sexuality is as fluid as water. Wolves don’t care about gender or sexuality but the human part of you does.  There are so many different variations and definitions that it would take years to understand them all. But they are named because they exist and because there are others just...like...you.  You are not alone,” Anna said. Kenton felt himself nod a split second before he was crying again.
“And who might you two be?” A tale, grumpy looking dark man asked, walking over to them with a grim look on his face.  Benny was assuming this was Rufus.
Though, there were some days he wondered if he’d been born off.  He was the oldest of the pups and was one of the last to learn how to shift.  Everyone around him seemed to already be pairing off but the idea of that left a weird taste in his mouth.
Okay nerd, we’ll be here.  And yeah def we’ll go to the mall this weekend.  Chuckles b-day is in a couple of weeks, gotta get the brat something.
“You...you’re alive?  Who are they?” she asked, eyes wide.
Leeloo quickly went through her morning routine then quickly checked on her siblings to make sure they were doing the same.  They were all at the kitchen table, munching on the several different types of cereal they had in the cupboard. She smiled at them and snatched up one of the muffins instead.  Her dad would get annoyed that she stole one of them but she’d just help her grandma to make more this weekend.
“No one knows if they truly exist or not Charlie,” Benny argued.
“Yes, very good call, thank you,” Castiel said, flushing at how much of a brat he’d been earlier.  He wrapped his arms around Dean’s shoulders and hugged him tightly, “I love this,” he said and then kissed Dean’s cheek.
Bobby grunted again, “Another thing that’s buggin me...how did he even know about you?  It’s not like you’re broadcasting it to every Dick and Jane in the Commonwealth.”
“Lazing around is hard work huh?” he asked with a laugh. Jericho blushed, his shoulders rising in a shrug.
“Let me finish, please.  I know you would never cheat on me, you could never do that but it’s still true that you do feel something for him.  And if you don’t want to be mates anymore-”
“Ow fuck,” Dean hissed, a small trail of blood leaking from his temple. When he straightened up though, he could see it was Castiel who’d thrown the damn thing. He nearly went off on the guy, until he belatedly realized how fucked they truly were.
Charlie eyed him a bit then shrugged, “Well, I’d start with the archives.  It’s in a musty old room beneath us. There’s actually a whole system of tunnels that run under this place.  Complete with a lockdown system if this place were to ever be under attack. Anyway, every mission is recorded.  Including any stress signals that are answered. If it’s not in the books, check the terminals next.”
“Is she throwing up?” Castiel asked. Leeloo nodded sadly.
Castiel sighed and downed the rest of his coffee before pushing it away from him, “Have you noticed that her and Lee have been fighting recently?” he asked.
Benny glanced over at Dean and when he realized the guy wasn’t going to speak up he sighed, “There was this guy who was a Minuteman.  He pulled some shit and got exiled. The two settlements that had been in range of Sommerville were attacked from the inside, we assume it was this guy.  They knew him and by the time he was done, it was too late for them to raise their own grenades. Leaving Sommerville completely vulnerable. We think he did it in revenge,” Benny explained.
“Thanks.  You having fun?” Kenton asked softly.  Pogue smiled up at him and nodded. Besides Leeloo and Mason, Kenton had never seen eyes so mixed with blue and green before.  He couldn't help himself from staring and more than once was caught not listening to what Pogue was trying to say. Thankfully though, he never teased Kenton about it, just smiled and ducked his face down.
He didn’t want to admit how much he missed Dean or that he’d give anything to take it all back but it was done.  Everyone just had to accept that now.
“Shh, it’s going to be okay, we’ll take care of you now.” She said soothingly, as she squeezed around him just a little tighter, careful of his midsection even though she was sure he wasn’t showing yet. Wordlessly she pulled Castiel over to the small couch in the corner of Bobby’s office and motioned for Dean to join them, which he followed immediately. “You’ll have to tell your brother...and Benny of course-”
, at least...that’s, that’s not okay, Cas. It’s not okay to leave me in the dark like that,” Dean said, his voice breaking as the rampant emotions got the better of him. “Your past is your past, I didn’t expect you to be a damn virgin or some other twisted ancient bullshit, but not telling me is something else entirely...I thought you trusted me, I thought I’d proved myself enough-”
Like he was surprised.
“Think they’re done yet?”
trouble.” MacCready said, barely resisting the urge to smack Dean upside the back of the head. If not for Benny standing between them he probably would have. Might have at least earned him that right hook the guy’d been promising.
“Dean will be with me.  Benny, I have no idea,” Castiel answered.  Dean was talking with the man now, a frown evident on both of their faces as Benny shrugged, turning to follow someone he hadn’t expected.  Samandriel. Castiel’s eyes widened, mouth dropping a bit as he quickly scanned the crowd to see MacCready’s sulking form stomp into the main house.  Castiel shook his head and sighed, that probably didn’t end well.
Thankfully, they listened.
“Let’s get this fucker,” he panted, lifting up his rifle and firing right into the things face.  He barely missed the smile he got as an answer, his eyes completely focused on the Behemoth’s arm firing back.  Before he could rethink, he was shoving MacCready out of the way again, getting the full brunt of the boulder against his chest.  He didn’t even have enough air in his lungs to shout, just went down like a heavy sack of laundry.
Dean turned to him then, there was something...hesitant about the way he was talking. He knew he should definitely pay attention. “I mean I like it, but I’ve seen it before, why? You wanna switch it out or somethin?”
Castiel woke up to Dean busying himself around the room and groaned.  He managed to pull his boyfriend back into bed for some slow, amazing sex and then he was being ushered into the shower.  Since Dean declined to join him it was a quick one. They had plans to spend the day with their families at the monthly BBQ that Bobby always had at his house.  Dean had a rather large chosen family while Castiel’s was mostly by blood. All that mattered was that they all got along and merged together.
Swallowing hard, MacCready pulled Castiel in against his side. “We’ll get through this, we always do...and who knows, maybe that idiot will come to his senses sooner rather than later, huh?”
Castiel couldn’t help but keen under his breath as Dean held him so tightly.  Immediately his arms wrapped around Dean, hugging him just as fiercely, “I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” he kept repeating against Dean’s chest.
He knew she was sad, that Sam was too and he was going to miss them both a lot, but neither that or the storm brewing would take away the excitement he felt for the first time in what seemed like forever.
It was for the best.
He sat back down on the bed with a loud oompf and shoved his feet back into his shoes.
“You can keep ignoring me all you like, you still have to deal with me,” Benny said tripping Dean’s foot up with a swift kick under his shoe, “It’s not like I told them who we were or even where we’re from.  Maybe I wanna see that guy again but I know sure as hell you wanna see that badass Castiel.”
“You listen to me and listen well. He loves you and Selene. No matter how he acts, he’ll always love you. You understand?” Castiel asked. Jericho bit his lip before nodding slowly. Castiel could see the doubt in his son’s eyes even if he didn’t understand what it meant. Sighing once more he put Jericho back on the ground and turned back to the stew.
It also didn't help with how they ended Supernatural.  I was hanging on by a thread with this fandom and then they did what they did.  And I just couldn't do it.
“Good.  Jess helped me out with what I should focus on for college while assigning a butt load of homework to the others,” he laughed.  Anna nodded and danced her way to the oven. Kenton instantly groaned when she pulled out a sheet pan of crescent rolls that he knew just from the scent alone that they were stuffed with cheese and salami.
“Dean, you’re worrying me,” Castiel said softly.  If something that involved their relationship was going awry, he trusted that Dean would tell him so they could fix it.  They’d only broken up once over something increcibly stupid and childish. It only lasted a week before they were back together and they did learn from it.
“Yep. Do you know if any of the other pups are getting this mindset that they are better because they’re Alphas or Betas?” Dean asked quietly.  Benny’s eyes widened and shook his head.
“Sure, you know me, any excuse to spend more time with muscles and I’m happy.” MacCready hadn’t really had any doubts in the story, not when it lined up so well with his experiences with Samuel and the other Gunners. The man was a sick son of a bitch, and MacCready had no doubts that he was capable of slaughtering three settlements in a single day. Never losing sleep over it; hell probably even had a smile on his face for the whole thing. “Hannah willing to take care of things here?”
“Yeah, yeah I know…” MacCready answered, squeezing at Castiel’s hand before turning back to his food.
“And you didn’t think that might be something worth sharing?” Dean said, his voice going dangerously cold at the thought of Benny not telling him...Cas not telling him...he hated being left in the dark. It wasn’t that they had a history or that they’d probably fucked but the feeling of betrayal in his mind was more connected with the fact that Cas didn’t trust him enough to tell him.
MacCready felt his resolve breaking with those bright blue eyes looking back at him earnestly. He’d taken one look at that man and it had been over, he knew it he was just too damn stubborn to admit it. “For you,- keep him the hell away from me.”
Cain didn’t look at his phone when it went off, it was sure to be Dean bitching about his beer, but he didn’t give a rat’s ass. He’d planned to take off, get out of the house for a while but he decided maybe it wouldn’t be such a great idea to leave, not after having downed pretty much an entire twelve-pack anyway.
“No, I wasn’t sayin’ anything like that...I just mean, Hell we’ve got some stuff back at the Sanctuary, couldn’t bring much with us, cause it’s heavy-”
“It’s not just that he doesn’t care...he thrives on the bloodshed, innocent or not. That man is a demon through and through and we will do whatever it takes to see that he doesn’t hurt anyone else,” Mary answered. There was an icy coldness to her voice but she was sure to keep her hand warm and soothing on Castiel’s back. The poor boy needed any comfort she could give, no matter how small.
“Cas...I love you, I do but I just need-I’m gonna go hang with Charlie for a bit, we’ll talk about this later.” Dean pressed a kiss to his husband’s forehead and backed away slowly, feeling a heavy kick to his own chest at the separation. Still, there would be no winners if they kept talking, and he kept letting it eat him up from the inside out.
was going on but he wasn’t sure enough to ask anything yet. Part of him thought the moment Cas got suspicious he’d have spoken up but then he began to realize that they’d been spending more time together, going out more, even when they were at home it was
“Hey, Sammy...you got a few minutes to talk before we head over to Bobby’s?” Dean asked, the grin on his lips threatening to split his face in half. He’d never been so damn happy and he knew Sam, knew the kid would just eat it up. Family meant everything to them.
“No offense here Castiel but I need to honestly why you even want an alliance with us?  Is it because you want protection from the Gunners or the baby?  What?” Bobby asked, ignoring the furious look from Dean and the shocked one from Mary.  He was focused on Castiel and needed to hear his answer alone.
“Jesus, Cas…” Dean grunted, feeling as if he could spill all over again. Instead, he groaned and pulled his lover up to him, to eagerly taste what remained of himself on  Castiel’s tongue. When he finally pulled away, panting breathlessly, he said, “You-you’re gonna be the death of me, Sweetheart.”
“He’s my grandfather.”
hating these people.  Plotting against them and vowing to kill them if he ever saw so much as one cross his path. He’d been lucky to never have to pull the trigger and it would figure that the one he’d actually met would be the one he fell for.  How cliched could he get? It was straight out of those horrid romance novels that Hannah kept in her bookcase. That he may or may not have read...several times.
“Who do you think we should ask?  They all seem like grumpy fucks,” Benny said.
Surprising both Castiel and himself, Dean managed to say what he felt. “I don’t think I could handle losing you again...once was bad enough... I just-” he swallowed hard and gave him a weak smile. “I need you.”
“Two on your right!” Castiel shouted, covering Dean’s back when the other man starting firing in that direction.
With everything that was going on, Covid...working as an "essential" employee and dealing with some personal issues that threw me off kilter very badly; I lost all will to write.
“If it makes you feel better I fell asleep at the kitchen table last night,” Castiel grunted.  Samandriel shook his head as he cracked a few eggs into his skillet.
“Anytime Quinn feels sick or lonely, Adam will hug the bear and she’ll carry this around like she’s three again and it’s her safety blanket.  But that’s her father so naturally, his scent is going to calm her. But what about Omegas who don’t have mates or even young ones that can’t mate yet.  Like the one seeking refuge with Meg? Castiel, I believe it could even work for Alphas going through ruts,” Hael explained. Castiel wanted to scoff at the idea but he remembered how he had felt when he presented at sixteen.  He hadn’t gone through a heat yet but the overwhelming loneliness had nearly suffocated him. If he’d had a Dean scented stuffed animal, it would have probably eased that hole in his chest greatly.
“What? Why?” he asked, as he put the water to Cas’ mouth and let him take a few sips. “You’ve got nothin’ to be sorry for, Cas. You didn’t have all the information…”
“Is it weird...to love someone so much you barely even knew?” Brady asked.  Dean smiled a little and nodded.
He finished tugging his shirt over his head before he turned around, “Have what?”
He pulled Cas’ hand to his lips and gave it a soft kiss, “I’ll be right back sweetheart, I’ve gotta go take a leak.”
Castiel hung up his phone, placing it back on his charge deck before leaving his office. The kids had left and Jericho was cleaning up the family room, all the pillows back in their places on the couch. He smiled and leaned down to kiss his son’s forehead.
“Who are you?” she asked narrowing her eyes.
“Thank you,” Castiel laughed softly, gently moving away so that Dean wouldn’t topple over.  He ran a hand down his face and grimaced. He was definitely going to need a bath tonight.
“Something...something else must have happened.  I’ll help you, let's get down there before Ronnie sees us.  We can be down there she’s just a bitch about ‘lollygagging’” Charlie rolled her eyes and stood up.  She didn’t have to look back to know the two of them were following right behind her. She dropped her plate in the bucket and hurried down the hall even further past the stairs.  The planning room was empty and then it was another sharp left turn before they were jogging down the stairs. She punched the password into the terminal and got it open.
“Oh sweetheart, it’s...that’s wonderful. I’m so happy for both of you. I know I’ve made mistakes with you Castiel, but I promise, I’ll make it up to you if you’ll let me,” she said quietly, earnest in her belief though.
He wasn’t sure how long they stayed like that, if he was even awake for most of it but Dean never once let him go.  Castiel never felt more safe with someone other than MacCready but this was a whole new bracket. MacCready kept him physically safe, Dean was taking care of and protecting his already fragile heart.
“Yes, we are.  Dean, Benny, and Sam will be coming home and Castiel has an entire welcome home party set up for them on Friday.  We’re planning on spending the entire weekend there.”
“Did your dad bring that up too?” Rhiannon asked and laughed again when Leeloo nodded, “Ew.”
Castiel was breathing heavily, his vision narrowed in like a tunnel on the two men in front of him.  They were finally in hearing distance but Castiel couldn’t shout, the mutants had impeccable hearing.  Instead, he grabbed up a rock the size of a marble and chucked it, not caring where it landed just as long as it got their attention.  It just so happened to get Dean right in the side of his head.
“Ahh, well now that makes sense…” Dean trailed off. It was understandable that MacCready was worried about it all, not to mention that Cas hadn’t told any of them. Dean honestly couldn’t get a read on the man but he figured at least part of his attitude was due to the fact that Cas had kept it a secret. “He just wants me to keep an eye on you, and I’m glad I know but Cas...I drowned my sorrows another way but I could have made the same choice just as easily if I’d had the access.”
Castiel shook his head, laughing a little bitterly, “It wasn’t that Dean...it was only for a couple of days but I got hooked on Jet,” he said, hugging his arms around himself.
“Bet you all the caps in my pocket your boy is down there, drowning his sorrows,” he said, though there weren’t any caps in his pocket even if Benny were to take him up on it. Though he was sure his friend knew that much too.
Castiel’s head jerked to the front, his gun instantly going up.  Muriel had been the one to call out to him, her eyes wide. He jogged forward, nearly tripping on himself when he saw who was standing in the middle of the road.  Yanking out his hand gun he pointed it right at his ex-companion and felt himself tremble.
Brady rolled his eyes and glared at him, “I’m forced to be in the same pack who murdered my parents and now in the same room with the one who ripped out my dad’s throat.  How the fuck else am I supposed to feel?”
“Thanks, now come on,” she said getting up and reaching for his hand. Surprisingly he accepted it and squeezed her fingers as she led the way back to their house.
“I want to try.  And not just for me,” Castiel smiled, raising up to kiss Dean, “I want to meet your family, you’ve already met mine.  If things go well...I want to do this for my settlements as well. Maybe we can, I don’t know ally ourselves with the Minutemen again.”
“Not to mention the cleanup, Bobby said by the time they got there, it just looked like everyone packed up and moved on. The Brotherhood, the Minutemen, they all assumed that people made it out, found somewhere better, whatever...no bodies, no nothing…”
“I know but is it selfish of me to deny him?  I mean you didn’t want another one but Brent came along,” Castiel said and knew the instant he said it that it was a mistake.  Keelie’s eyes grew cold and she pushed out of her stool.
“Hi,” he said, starting out easy in case the whole, being an actual human being thing, was a schtick. “I’m Dean, this is Benny...we’re from Sanctuary Hills.
So, from here on out, things get a bit "weird" and more of the sci-fi feel that we tagged for lol.
Charlie barked out a laugh, “Oh you have no idea.  I’m fairly new here myself but they found me sick as a dog and brought me here to see their doctor.  Now, I’m their tech girl,” she said.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No.  It’s not about me.  It’s true that they are personally coming after me and they are targeting my people just because I simply visited their settlement.  The recent attack on The Slog was the worst I have ever seen.  There was no agenda to it, only to draw me out.  It didn’t matter to them or Samuel how many innocent people they killed in the process.  I don’t think it ever does.  So no, this isn’t about me.  It’s about the people I promised to protect.  I’m willing to stow my pride and ask one of the biggest groups in the Commonwealth for help.  The only thing I ask is that you follow through,” Castiel said.
“Damn,” Castiel teased, leaning in for a kiss.  It was soft and chaste that had Castiel eager for more but Sam was right there and they still had a much tougher conversation coming.  Castiel sighed and stood up from the couch.
“There’s nothing to really say cause no one knows anything really.  All we know for certain is that they are out there and for whatever reason, they’re kidnapping kids from Diamond City.  I mean, that’s what the rumor is anyway. But from what I can see, whatever happened ten years ago, didn’t happen again,” Charlie said.
“How’d you know-” Dean started but then stopped. He obviously hadn’t been very subtle. “Sorry we just, we need some information and it’s nothing like super secret I don’t think, it happened like ten years ago, but we also don’t want to offend anyone by asking so…”
The factory was huge, with three stories and two sub-basements.  Bobby had been right about the mirelurks.  The entire place was infested with them.  Thankfully one of the more surely Minutemen, Rhonda somehow managed to score a flamethrower and Castiel got first dibs on it.  It was about two days when they deemed the place completely clear, searching every nook and cranny for lingering mirelurks, their babies, and any nests they had been building.
“Will do, you don’t expect a lot of trouble out there do you, Bobby? I mean most of the people out there wandering around are settlers and provisioners...right?” Dean asked, a little confused. Sure they heard about some groups that were bad seeds, people like his father were a little batshit crazy but if there was more out there, he wanted to be informed.
Castiel lowered his weapon with a heavy arm, god he was tired of all of this.  His eyes fluttered shut for a moment before he forced himself to stand taller, to open his eyes and stare at MacCready, “What information?”
After lazing around practically all day, Castiel found himself outside as the sun lowered itself the last few inches to hide behind the horizon.  The clouds in the sky were getting larger, flashes of light making him flinch.
“Twin, I’m gonna need you to stop, right there,” Keelie scolded.  Castiel frowned at her and then the color drained from his face. He hadn’t been aware he was broadcasting all of this to her and the tea along with lunch swirled dangerously in his stomach.
Make sure to check me out on tumblr @bugandkitlove
“Okay, and?  The bigger question here is, do
It was the twenty seventh day when Dean finally decided that thirty was the magic number. He knew he couldn’t wait any longer and it just happened to coincide with their big family get together. Honestly, Cas was a pretty smart guy but Dean was apparently good at hiding shit too, so there’s that. He knew Cas loved him, didn’t have nearly as many doubts that he’d get a yes as he did when he first started the journey but there was still that super slim chance that maybe marriage just wasn’t what Cas wanted.
“Let’s take the green bastards down.”
Castiel blew out a breath and opened his eyes, everything had stopped spinning and colors were no longer muddled together, “I’m okay,” he said softly, moving away from the wall.  Their hands were still clasped together and he wondered if he should try to let go. Though when he tried Dean squeezed his fingers.
“That sounds amazing,” Castiel laughed, “Oooh this one,” he said eagerly showing the one that contained peanut butter.
“It was okay.  Jeremy’s being a pain and smells like farts,” she grumbled.  Hael pressed her lips together to keep from laughing and fought to compose herself.
Probably my favorite chapter I have written so far lol.
“Ya see this right here, isn’t clean so if I took this out and showed it to you, you might think, man...I need a new filter, I guess add that onto the bill too. But really this filter is still good for another couple thousand miles. Once you put it on, it’s going to get dirty but don’t let the oil fool you these things are pretty sturdy-,” he said, cutting off when he saw the garage door open and his ridiculous boyfriend sleepily stumble down the stairs. “Sorry, did I wake you?”
He helped Cas tremble and shake through the waves of orgasm, savoring every little twitch of pleasure that showed on his face. “So good for me, sweetheart. You were so good,” Dean said, kissing gently as Cas visibly started to come down from his orgasm high.
“Hey momma,” he called out.  Anna stilled and beamed at him, gesturing for him to come over.  He set his backpack down on the couch to go through his college registration booklet later and allowed himself to be engulfed in her arms the second he was close enough.
Dean jerked back and blinked.  Damn. This kid had absolutely no clue.  Dean rubbed at his face and leaned down to rest his elbows on his knees, “And you have every right to act out.  If I was in the same position, I’d probably kill the guy who did it,” he said. Brady’s eyes narrowed but Dean quickly stopped whatever he was about to say.
“How was school?” Adam asked, a soft curse filtering through the phone after Hael heard a crash.
Dean took apart his new weapons, careful as he could be, he needed to know how they worked. It was his way of getting to know them, so to speak, and something he did with every weapon he handled. Even if it was only a short trip to the range.
Part of him did wanna find Castiel, he was sure Benny would say the same about MacCready but there was also something screamin’ at him to get the information he had back to Bobby.
Benny threw his head back and laughed, the sound echoing off the walls, “Oh I bet you would, downright sexy too,” he smirked.
Shaking his head, he popped his knuckles and started pacing again.
Castiel wasn’t paying attention, there was too much buzzing in his brain for him to focus.  As MacCready and Dean seemed to be having a private conversation, Castiel went back outside where the woman was, gnawing on her thumbnail.
MacCready rolled his eyes but even as he did it he knew the advice Castiel was giving him was for the best. He wasn’t even sure what the hell he’d say but that really wasn’t what he’d wanted Benny to get out of the conversation, his uneasiness around the man had only pressed the wound deeper he was sure.
I’m glad you did.
“If it had your scent, probably.  Especially after presented you ran away from me,” he teased.  Castiel sighed at that. Dean would never let him live it down.  Not even after nearly fifteen years together now.
Henry hesitated, his thumb hovering over the send button.  He really wanted to hang out with her without everyone else around.  Deep down, he knew if he asked Oz and Chuckles to leave him alone, they’d stop the teasing but Henry didn’t want to deal with it at all.  Asking Willa to hang out with just the two of them though, he didn’t think Willa would come.
“Benny won’t let me do that in public any-..” MacCready teased, but his mouth was covered before he could further the point, however untrue. He probably should have been paying attention though because it wasn’t the embarrassment that had his boyfriend shutting him up, but the fact that Andy was steadily running toward them.
“It’s okay. You should come home now though and apologize to Daddy. Then come snuggle with us because Aine misses you and with her headaches, she doesn’t feel right until all of us are there,” she said softly. Mason winced, a wave of guilt washing that smile right off his face. She felt bad for doing it but he still needed to deal with the consequence for his actions.
“Hey,” he said softly.
“Well if you can talk to me, walk me through exactly what it is you wanna do, we can work up to that but I need you to be sure this is what you want, because I’m really okay waiting however long you need,” Dean promised, “If you don’t know that I’m here for more than what’s in your pants. I’d rather wait.”
“No, no.  My heat won’t be here for another couple of months but your Pop’s rut will be much sooner.  He wants another baby,” Castiel explained, rubbing the back of his neck. Leeloo’s eyes narrowed a little as her head tilted to the side.
“Oh he’s yours now too...don’t be doing this Dean’s family stuff...we’re the same family now, remember? You gave me this,” he said, wiggling his ring finger. “No taking it back now that I’ve saddled you with a kid and a Sasquatch.”
“We need to know something and we hope you’ll be straightforward with us as you’ve always been,” Muriel said.
No rush, I’ll send you one and then I’mma get home before I check back. Might be 10-15 minutes.
“Of course not.  That would just make him act stupider than he already does.  Are we going back to the compound this weekend?” she asked with a pout.  Hael felt the usual pull of guilt and nodded, giving Quinn a quick kiss on her head.
“It’s alright, now, let’s get these bulbs in the ground, looks like we might get some rain tonight,” he said with a warm smile.
“Not as bad as the worst ones. Selene is with her and I think I just heard Leeloo go up there as well,” Castiel said.
I can drop something off…
“Because everything we thought we knew about them, was wrong.  I was wrong. There’s a much, much bigger story here, one that I will share with anyone wanting to listen.  But from here on out, Minutemen are no longer a threat to us. They will be treated as we would treat anyone seeking help,” Castiel said.  Many of his people stared up at him skeptically but the majority were nodding, giving him soft smiles of relief.
Benny shook his head, following Dean to the room filled with cots.  There were two others in there who barely gave them a nod. It made him thankful for the way Bobby ran things back home and he couldn't wait to get back.  The got their stuff locked away in the footlockers and Benny pulled Dean towards the food and drink stand, getting them both cold glasses of purified water.
She finally caught sight of her running into the woods and Leeloo had to rush to catch up.  Rhiannon went running regularly so by the time Leeloo was within hearing distance, she was nearly wheezing.
They sorted through the files one by one for almost an hour before Charlie popped up with an “AHA!’
The man had been a Godsend and took it upon himself to try and talk with other hunters, to educate them on the packs that were now allied together to keep the peace. Victor had been successful with many of them but did find himself in trouble occasionally. The worst had been when a group of four hunters jumped him, threatening to kill him if he showed his face in Oklahoma again. Thankfully he’d been close to New Mexico at the time and Billie was able to get him out before the man had lost his life.
Cain smiled softly, his hands already reaching out for his duffel to fill up.
“Oh you little shit, c’mon!” Cain laughed, getting up to chase after his brother.  He tackled him to the floor but still, somehow, Dean managed to keep his phone out of his reach.
Castiel laughed, “I’m glad you think that way.” He sat comfortably on Dean’s lap, staying quiet for a little while before the nerves began to creep back in, his bottom lip caught between his teeth.  It wasn’t until a gentle touch to it that he realized what he was doing, “Oh...sorry. Just...getting lost in my thoughts.”
I made some peanut butter cookies if you want some…
“And?  MacCready and I have cleared out factories, towns and plenty of other infested areas with just the two of us,” Castiel said and leaned forward a bit, “We’ll clear it out, draw up the plans for a rebuild and get the Castle back to the way it was before the bombs tore it apart.”
Castiel rubbed at his forehead and held up his hands to keep everyone from arguing, “Listen, I will gladly explain everything to you.  What you need to know, right now, is that Dean and Benny aren’t what we expected when it comes to the Minutemen. Benny risked his life several times to save MacCready and Dean ran into the fray with me to save all of you when those raiders attacked the caravans!  I didn’t need to ask him, he just did it because it was the right thing to do! The fact that we’re now in a relationship with them has nothing to do with whether I trust the Minutemen or not. Cause, believe me, I’m still struggling with the fact for the past ten fucking years, I’ve been wrong!” Castiel shouted.  The small group that had followed Muriel over shrunk, their shoulders slumping forward.
“What is it daddy?” she asked.  Castiel looked into her eyes and found himself smiling.  She was so beautiful, a wonderful mix of both him and Dean that shone so brightly in just her eyes alone.  The green and blue swirled like magic and he loved watching them dance when she was happy or excited.
Dean sighed and moved the chair closer, “Did you know your mother was an Omega?” he asked.  Brady’s eyes widened and shook his head, “She was. Her name was Kyra and she had once belonged to a pack in Virginia before Uriel took over in those areas.  She was captured and enslaved, like all the Omegas he found. Your father was one of Uriel’s soldiers,” he said. Brady was trembling his eyes already wet with tears as his fingers gripped at the seat.
“Sam’s working with the terminals and Dean’s doing his rounds,” Mary answered, shovel sinking back in before those steely blue eyes met his again, “Why?”
It was hard to focus on the fight when Dean heard that rough growl of a voice, it was impressive, even compared to Benny’s low baritone. Still, with his best friend at his back fighting came easy, whether it was shooting or hand to hand.
a freak.  That part of you that doesn’t feel that, is the human side of you.  And humans have a word for it. Asexuality,” Anna said.
“Boss!”
“You got like...a chair or somethin’ man, this isn’t gonna be a two-second deal,” he said, trying for a light tone but it came out a bit more broken and hurt than he’d planned. Something about seeing Cas again made everything inside him feel like a gaping wound.
But friends...we could totally be friends.
Hey, it’s Dean from the Roadhouse.
“Yes, and we also saw you getting high off of Jet as well,” Rachel said from behind Muriel.  Castiel flinched again, his eyes squeezing shut. Fuck. He hadn’t even told MacCready about that yet.
“No Caleb, it’s okay.  I understand why you’re worried and I promise, I’ll talk to her-”
Bobby shifted on his feet.  He was a grown ass man and should not be frightened of Mary Winchester but he’d seen her take down over a dozen ferals first hand, while he was pinned down by two.  Yeah, he had every right to shrivel under that stare of hers.
“What’s going on?” he asked the moment he found Dean.
“Yes?” he said cautiously.
“Really?!  Yay!” Quinn shouted dancing around in her seat, “I miss Meeka and Brett,” she said before returning to her juice.  Hael smiled and kissed her again before moving into the kitchen to clean the morning dishes. If she had to be honest, she missed living on the compound most days.  Being around her pack had her at ease like nothing else could. Before she got with Adam and Quinn was born that is. Now, she found that same comfort when both were home and within arms reach.  She felt guilty though, keeping Quinn from growing up with the others but she tried her hardest to make sure her daughter didn’t miss out on anything. Any gathering, any event no matter how small Hael made it a point to be there.  Unlike some who kept their children away completely...
“Shhh baby, you have to try and relax,” her dad cooed at her.  The scent of the stew he’d been making smelled amazing. She didn’t care if it was all in her head but the warmth as it touched her tongue made her feel better.  It reminded her of Pops and she whined again but this time it was because she missed him.
He swallowed hard, pushing back his anxiousness. “I know it’s a little early in this to be making big declarations and what not so I won’t do that just yet but Cas I think you’re amazing and I was hoping, maybe when you get the chance to take a little break...that you could come back to Sanctuary Hills with me...just for a little while. Maybe meet Sammy, my mom...if you want to that is.”
"Well then, let's get this party started now, shall we?" MacCready smirked.
Dean chewed his lip until it was raw and then said to himself, ‘Fuck it.’
He shook his head but then he had a brilliant idea.
“See ya in a few Sammy,” Dean said, scrubbing at the kid’s long hair until he squawked and shoved him away.
“I didn’t say it was my fault but, being with me...it might mean more of that and I want you to know that I’ll do whatever I need to do, to protect you...you good with that?” he asked, pulling his head back enough to get a better view of Cas’ face.
He got down low as he made his way back to where they planned to draw their own beast away and sighed in relief when they were both still standing and seemingly without major injuries at least, though who was to say. Castiel was a stubborn son of a bitch and Dean seemed like he could give the guy a run for his money.
Shit...never did he wish he was something,
Samandriel felt a heat along the back of his neck and if it hadn’t been pretty overcast, he’d have assumed it was just the sun. But clouds were hanging overhead, warning a storm was on the way. He turned a few different times to see MacCready glaring at something, but he wasn’t sure what.
“Who?” Dean asked, though there was a sick feeling in his gut. What kind of assholes would just leave settlement after settlement abandoned and alone to fight off a war they weren’t prepared for and could have never survived. Castiel was damn lucky to make it out, though he was sure there were days the guy would disagree with him on that perspective.
“Of course,” he said and then opened his mouth, laughing when Dean actually fed them to him.  The sun was finally below the horizon and they quickly crawled under the thick blanket they had brought with them.They didn’t talk much, just snuggled and tickled each other here and there.
Rhiannon's birthday has finally arrived!
“You were with me during some of my darker moments and took care of me even when I didn’t ask for it.  I’m not about to let that go.”
“Where’s Benny?”
I thought you were leaving?
“You love it when you’re-”
: Oh, that’s just not fair!
He grabbed up his phone, his fingers trembling as he tried to type something out.
“It’s okay Brenton, we’ll get you more comfortable with your math tables by the end of the week okay?” he overheard his mom say.  Brenton sighed heavily and nodded, picking up his things to get home. Henry waited for his mom to look at him before stepping closer.
So sorry for the lack of updates guys BUT I have the next 6-7 chapters planned out...just have to write them now lmao.
“Mornin’,” Dean said, the enthusiasm evident in his voice.
“Nothing happened,-”
Castiel walked hand in hand with Dean towards the mess hall when he caught sight of a young boy running across the way.  The smile that broke out on his face was huge as he spun to look behind him.  Sure enough, MacCready and Benny were there.  The boy looked like a mini-me of his best friend and relief poured over him knowing that all three were there, safe.
“Yes.  I’m glad I caught you before you met with everyone.  There’s an idea Hael brought to my attention just a few minutes ago that I’m hoping you’ll approve,” Castiel said quickly.  Dean gave him an incredulous look that had Castiel chuckling as he went on to explain Hael’s project. By the end of it, Dean’s eyes were wide, his mouth slightly parted.
“That you did, well, it was fine.  Just the usual. Bratty kids who are only brats because of their shit parents.  Humans…” she growled. Adam barked out a laugh and she could only smile in response.
Castiel went limp in his arms and Dean carried him. It wasn’t easy, the man was pure muscle, but he did it. He walked back to MacCready first, not wanting to show up at camp with a passed out Castiel without some sort of backup. The people who were with him were already weary about the conversation, he doubted they’d be any happier with their leader being hauled back looking half dead.
“Oh my Gods,” she groaned pulling her phone back out to see another message from Caleb.
“Adam, you know I hate when you call me that,” Hael shot back, placing her hand on her hip as if her mate could even see her.
Castiel bit his lip, heat crawling up his neck at their new position.  He was straddling Dean’s legs with a hand down his pants. A deep-seeded want curled in his lower belly and with his free hand, he yanked at Dean’s pants until they were low enough for Castiel to get an eye full.
“Shit, be right back.”
“Enough, we trust Dean and Benny and it goes far beyond anything physical that we share with them.  And you know how hard that is for me. Now please, go on with your chores. I plan to visit Dean and Benny’s home, to get a real feel the other Minutemen.  If they’re anything like Dean and Benny, we may explore an alliance with them but for now, it’s just a hope,” Castiel said dismissing them. Once the small group left Castiel could feel the tension building between him and MacCready.  He didn’t want to look at his friend and see the disappointment in his face.
Well you can show him this, and then if he still wants to hit me up, feel free to pass my number over.
“That’s my girl.  Talk to you later,” he said and hung up.  She hit the talk button and tossed the phone onto their bed.  Her daughter would be getting home any minute and usually, Hael would start dinner right about now.  Biting her lip she grabbed up the phone again and quickly dialed their favorite pizza place. It wasn’t exactly Friday but it was close enough.
Before Dean could answer Benny gripped his shoulder, “We live in a settlement looking to trade with them, that’s all,” he said.
Benny chuckled, yanking Dean into a hug, “It was pure torture,” he teased as he let Dean go.  Andy was being shy, hiding a little behind his dad and Benny only smiled bigger, “It’s alright bud, these two are the ones your dad and I were talkin about.  Dean and Castiel,” Benny said softly.
“Dean, we agreed that he’d be much older before he learned about his parents,” Nancy hissed out.  In the corner of his eye, Kevin’s head perked up. He got up from the table and joined them in the kitchen.
“Dean!” he shouted.
“I believe she’s doing her weekly perimeter check with Garth.  What’s up honey?” she asked, reaching over to turn down the radio.  Kenton shrugged, his focus narrowing down on the treat in his hand. He’d been so confident in what he wanted to ask his mom Charlie but now that there was a wait, it dwindled.  Ever since his birthday and his talk with Leeloo, he’d been working on the courage to bring it up but with it came along a huge wave of nerves. It didn’t matter how much Leeloo tried to reassure him, there was still that lingering fear that there really was something wrong with him.  That he was off more than any of them realized.
“We got grenades moving in!” MacCready shouted, taking aim as well.
MacCready could practically see the wheels spinning in his friends head, none of it spelling anything good, but he wouldn’t start a fight, not here. He rarely disagreed with his friend but sometimes, not often, but sometimes, Castiel let his priorities skew way too far. Not to mention, he knew exactly how helpful it would be for them to make allies of Dean and Benny, though he couldn’t quite say it like that.
Hey Everyone,
“Where you off to this early twin?” Keelie asked brushing some crumbs off her chin before popping a strawberry into her own mouth.  She reached up for his coffee but Castiel took a sip first before handing it to her.
Castiel was suckered to Dean’s side as he drove down the long drive and found himself smiling ear to ear when he saw the mass of cars already there.  He recognized each of them right away but the best one was Sam’s Dodge Charger, a vehicle that made Dean cringe down to his bones.
“Guess we’re up, Sammy those rifles up and runnin?” Benny asked anxiously biting at his thumbnail.
“Besides, it’s your special day and I, as your Alpha mate, must show my precious Omega just how much I cherish him,” Dean teased.  Castiel snorted, bucking up his hips just enough to feel Dean’s erection drag between his cheeks.
“Doc, we need you, there’s an Emergency at The Castle and...well I don’t want to get into the specifics just yet but I’m gonna need you to rush. Benny will show you the way if need be, I’ll pack up here and catch up with you-”
“He’ll cope, Castiel is good at that...just might take a minute, that’s probably what it is, he’s just gotta give himself a minute to get used to it all,” MacCready answered, only marginally grateful that Benny’d interrupted him. Though he didn’t like that look she’d given him when she’d first laid eyes on him. It spoke volumes and he was a little worried that the same one would be directed at Castiel.
“Mmm, yes it would, I’m sure your fans will hate me though,” he teased, knowing full well that Dean’s fans actually loved him.  He kissed at Dean’s neck and pulled back a bit, “I’m gonna jump in the shower,” he said, invitation to join clearly in his tone.
I uh, I saw a picture of you and well…
“We all are,” he answered, knowing a few would want to argue but there was an edge to his tone that told them it was best not to, at least not until Castiel was awake.
“Keelie, I’m so sorry,” he said quickly.  Keelie rolled her eyes and playfully slapped his arm.
“Ugh, I’ll miss you too jerk.  Here,” Sam said, handing them a more standard version of the guns he had modified, “Practice with these.  They won’t have the same kickback but it’s close enough. Good luck and bring my brother back in one piece,” Sam warned.
“Dunno, Cas kinda implied that he’s not listening because he’s an Omega. Which is something he’ll learn very quickly that I don’t tolerate. Especially not from my own damn kids. I need to find out where he’s getting this mindset from,” Dean sighed heavily. Benny’s hand squeezed at his shoulder.
The last thing he had to grab was his pack which was all ready to go and waiting for him downstairs.  He tried to be quiet but the stairs always creaked as he climbed down them. There was a whispered good luck and he smiled, waving his hand in thanks to his sleepy roommate.
“Hold on a damn minute, gosh you’re like a puppy,” Dean grinned, “keep em closed he said, pulling Cas into the small laundry room off the side of the kitchen where he’d put the outfit he’d had picked out. “Alright, I’m gonna leave you something to change into and then you just knock when you’re ready to come out, okay?”
“Think I busted out a rib,” Benny grunted, relief surging through him for not only seeing Dean but the other two as well.  MacCready seemed to have accepted their secret, he hoped mostly for Dean’s sake that Castiel would as well, “You think that place...Jamaica Plains will have a clinic?” he asked.
“What?” he gritted out.
Well now I’m worried…
“What do you mean?  Connect as in...physically or sexually?” she asked and Kenton knew he was blushing.
“Y-Yeah, something like that,” she said nervously.  Kenton grinned and squeezed her fingers.
“Well hello to you too, ma’am, I’m-”
Dean pulled back a little, just to take a breath and make sure Cas was okay. “Hey  you good? We can take a break or something if you want,” he offered, not wanting to completely kill the mood but the last thing he wanted to do was push Cas out of his comfort zone.
“Why don’t you two go on ahead and scout the area, make sure we’re not walking blind into whatever trouble Dean just brought our way,” he said to Benny, knowing there wasn’t much he could ask that his love wouldn’t provide. “We’ll be a few feet back just to keep an eye out behind us too, the last thing we need is to be surprised by somethin’ out here.”
lol Yeah I guess.
Even though she was a little bit annoyed, seeing Caleb’s shy smile had her own lips turning up.  Where Rhiannon was beautiful, Caleb was adorable. He was cute and would more likely grow more handsome and confident as they got older but she loved how shy and bashful he was now.
“Don’t forget that when I do something stupid in the future,” she teased. Castiel laughed, swatting at her behind as she scurried away from him. She ruffled Jericho’s unruly hair and bounded up the stairs.
“I’m not sure one of those old
“Rest baby girl.  I’m going to make her some more tea,” he said and kissed at Leeloo’s cheek.  Her oldest sister smiled and closed the door to keep the outside noise as quiet as she could.
“See the thing is Benny, I’ve come to learn a lot about folks over the years and you tell them, hey I’ve got a dinner on the table and a couple caps in my pocket and suddenly all they can think about is how they don’t have that and how if they did, they could do better with it….see where I’m going with this?” MacCready asked, he felt a bit defeated that he’d had to spell it out for the man, half feeling that Benny would think it was some kind of hit to his character, but that wasn’t the case at all. He just, he didn’t trust easily for good reason and machines like what they have are seriously something that even The Minutemen would covet.
Dean chuckled, he could let it go, let Cas amble back to his dorm, wait a few months,  or years, and try again but he didn’t want to do that. “Cas...no, I’m-I want you to stay, like stay here, with me… I’m asking you if you want, to live here...with me.”
Instead, he rushed back out of the room and into his own space before quickly pushing the call button.
“Yeah, yeah keep talking...I still owe you that right hook to the jaw, douchebag.”
I’d like to know more about you if you’re up for storytime…
“Fine, I’ll...do your laundry for a week or wash Baby...whatever you want.”
“What about your dad?” MacCready demanded.
“Fuck,” Dean hissed, arching into the touch with wild enthusiasm.
“Let us know how much you’ll need Amara and we’ll give you the rest,” Dean said. Amara grimaced again, her hands folding elegantly on the table as she leaned forward.
Benny nodded following Dean across the room to the girl who was bobbing her head to some music no one else could hear.
“Mmm, am now yeah,” Dean grinned, “One of us is a little sneakier than the other...that and you sleep like a fucking log.”
“I’m good and no, I don’t want to take a break,” Castiel said, leaning in once again.  This time, there was a little more charge to their kiss. Dean’s arms hugged around him tightly and Castiel couldn’t help it, he moaned softly, his lips parting in an invitation for Dean to take it a step further.
Mary grimaced, “I guess I deserved that, intentional or not.”
“We’re gonna tell Bobby and mom of course, but we don’t want anyone talking about it, not even with people who know, you get me?” he asked, though he knew he didn’t have to. He could trust Sam to keep quiet, he just had to make sure the kid understood what quiet meant.
“Aww, he looks more like a kitten then a wolf,” Pamela teased.  Both of them cackled, the sound echoing off into the quiet morning air.
When he made it back to the small alcove they’d been sharing, Cas was nowhere to be found. It made a dark pit open in Dean’s stomach before he twisted around and headed back the way he came. He found a few newly familiar faces and asked if they’d seen his husband, and terror ripped through him as it seemed he was edging closer and closer toward the gates.
Dean flinched at the harshness of the boy’s tone, how angry it was.  Dean grabbed at the computer chair and sunk down in it, “We need to talk.”
Benny rolled his eyes at the new kid and nodded at Dean, “I got you brother,” Benny said, situating himself on the hood to take out the ones who looked as if they were putting something together.
“The Gunners that John ran with are dead Mary.  We took them out, you know that” Bobby said softly.  He hated bringing up all that trouble again. John Winchester had been a classic piece of shit.  Running with the wrong sorts of people for money, trying to brainwash his kids at a very early age that the only things that mattered were the caps that flowed in after a successful hit.  Bobby hadn’t known what to make of the woman when she first stumbled to their gates but, Ellen vouched for her. What no one expected was the hoard of Gunners surrounding their settlement the very next morning.
Bobby Singer stepped out of his house with a deep sigh.  They were running low on several provisions and he needed a team to make the trek to The Castle, headquarters for the Minutemen all over the Commonwealth.  He had an idea of who he wanted to send but there was one person who was more than likely going to stand in his way. Said person was knee deep in Brahmin manure, trying to get their next batch of fertilizer underway.  They had a new square tilled out for some more mutfruit that they found on their last scavenging mission. The damn fruit tasted like a bloatfly but the trees produced so much of it they would be well fed during the winter.
“Didn’t see him but couldn’t miss that scent of his,” Garth chuckled. He twisted around until he was hanging off the wood platform only to drop down to the ground with a soft thud.
By the second year, their new leaders that they had placed into several states had joined in on the summit. There was Ansem and Andy of Alabama and Georgia. Hannah of the Carolinas and then Lisa of the Virginias. Dean had thought their summits were large then. It seemed every year after that someone new was wanting an alliance or to be involved in the summits. After ten years, six more packs had joined in on their cause. Three of which were new species of weres that Dean hadn’t even known existed.
“More than likely,  I’ll tell ya one thing, the stories they tell back at home pales in comparison,” Benny scoffed, letting MacCready help him outside.
I won't stop writing but it'll more than likely be for The Witcher Fandom if any of you are interested, I do have a few things in mind for that.
It took a lot of patience and quite a few mistakes but finally they each had a candle, though Dean’s was a tad bit lopsided.
“Okay then…” he grinned, easing his fingers under the hem of Cas’ shirt. “Well if you’re still interested, now might be a good time to take this off…”
Castiel’s mouth opened to say something but he stopped, rethinking about what was about to fly out, “And what if they don’t?” Castiel asked.  It wouldn’t be right of him to ask Dean to stay, not with his family in Sanctuary but he didn’t see Dean leaving right away, if not for a few days at least.
Okay, so I am well aware that...too many of my wolves are related to each other! Lmao.  Just so we are clear, Henry and Willa are NOT blood-related. They are some weird second cousin thing or whatever that is.  I never understood that whole, third uncle twice removed stuff. Anyway, I have thought about this until I had a migraine and even talked with my writing partner until SHE had a migraine too lmao.
“I don’t know what to do for her.  She’s so young, younger than any of us who were when we first got our heats.  Hell, I thought eighteen was the year this shit started. Not fourteen. Gods I hope none of our kids end up like this,” she grumbled.  Hael flinched and quickly shot a glance at her own daughter. Quinn was going to be an Omega, there was no doubt. The sweet scent was already on her skin.
Castiel slammed his door shut and sank down to the floor.  He’d blocked Dean’s number and now he had to face the mass amount of messages his poor boy...
The interaction between Keelie and Dean may seem a little OC for them and cheesy but there's a reason for it, promise.
to his name.  Not even a kiss.  Some days it made him sad, more so wistful while others it had him relieved that he didn’t have to worry about things like that.  It wasn’t normal. Not to their kind at least. They thrived on affection, touch and yet Kenton found himself withdrawing from the puppy piles more often than not.
“C’mon, sweetheart. I think it’s time.” Dean said, mournfully groaning at his own admission. It was most likely Benny or Sam but regardless it would be dinner time soon and he didn’t want Cas to be hungry if they got caught up in the meeting.
Dean laughs bitterly. “Yeah, well, I’ve never been happy before. What makes this time so different?”
“Cas, never leave me again.”
“Cool.” Dean says. “Do demons have that?”
“Dean…” Sam looks up. His face is flat. Set. “Can I talk to you in private?”
“You know it wouldn’t work,” Dean says, pointing an accusing finger at Cas.
“God.” Cas says this so matter-of-factly Dean almost dismisses it as a normal answer.
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Dean asks with a scoff.
The music is turned off now.
“Uh. Hi,” he says. “Did you already make me human?”
Inside of Bobby’s house, Ellen and Bobby are arguing over some old book. Sam is reading on the couch.
The joke falls flat.
“Your father?” Dean asks. He didn’t know angels had parents.
Perhaps he’s too much of an angel now.
“I didn’t say it back. When you said you had loved me the first time, when I was a demon. I didn’t say it back.” Dean closes his eyes.
Cas can’t stop looking. It’s beautiful and horrible at the same time; Dean now unencumbered by human necessities, the closest to an angel he‘ll ever be, but now twisted and cruel.
Ellen, Jo and Bobby watch as Dean and Sam enter the hallway.
Castiel nods, trying to force down the very un-angelic anxiety that’s currently churning in his gut.
Bobby nods. “I tried to call Sam, see if he’s seen you, but he didn’t pick up.”
Missouri leans back, her expression knowing. “I see.”
Dean looks around at Bobby’s ashen face, Ellen’s suspicious expression and Jo’s confused look.
“Your brother is under supervision.”
“Well, for starters, Han didn’t kiss his sister.” Cas’s brow furrows, but Dean continues. “Also, if Luke didn’t have the force and he and Solo got in a fight, guess who would win.”
“No. Quite honestly, Dean, I don’t know if you’ll be able to sleep even as a human. And you will retain most of your demonic powers. That sort of ordeal leaves a mark. By exhaustion, I mean, if you overexert yourself, you will feel the effect stronger and stronger as the past three weeks try to catch up to you.” Cas explains.
Dean looks over at Cas.
“Do angels watch movies?”
Castiel stands in the shade of an oak tree, waiting for Dean.
Cas looks amused. “Do tell.”
It’s strange for him to be sucked into a wormhole that he created, and even stranger to realize that he’s in Sioux Falls, because it’s so damn mundane. But here is Dean Winchester himself, standing in front of Bobby’s house.
“You know why, Dean.” Castiel says, and his wings flicker. Castiel looks… tired.
“Are you going to hurt me? Are you going to kill me?” His smile widens. “I’d like to see you try.”
“Alright,” Bobby says with another doubtful raise of his eyebrows. He stands from his couch, shaking his head. “Balls.”
“Say that Heaven needs you and that you’ll be busy, which is true, I suppose.”
“Got it,” Bobby says with an expression that says ‘I clearly don’t get it’.
“Alright, my turn for a mushy speech.” Cas says, and Dean smiles. “Okay.”
“Anyway, why are we focusing on me? We should be worrying about Sam. He’s the one who’s Lucifer’s destined vessel,” Dean protests.
“Don’t you ever miss it? Being human?” Cas asks, and Dean notices that he’s shifted during the movie so he’s only a few inches away from Cas.
He’s somewhere in Europe, he thinks, sitting on a hill and watching the sunset.
Dean wonders if it was all a hallucination or something until a few days later, Castiel appears again.
Zachariah’s face smooths out. He raises a hand, and slowly curls it into a fist. Dean lets out a winded gasp as he crumples to the ground, unable to make a sound as his lungs are frozen. Sharp pains stab through his chest.
“Regardless. Screaming at the air won’t get you anywhere, which is what I came to tell you. Castiel will come to you if and when he is allowed to come.”
Dean sits down on his bed. Zachariah is standing in front of him, a few feet away.
Dean nods. The conversation is clearly over, so he scoots a little bit away from Cas and resumes the movie. A whole couch cushion as a barrier is too far anyway.
“Hey, Cas.”
Dean takes a sip of the gently steaming drink. He watches Cas out of the corner of his eye, who gingerly swallows a tiny amount before setting it down, with a mumbled ‘tastes like molecules’.
“But—”
“Like I said, never liked her. And I’m here because… well, actually I’m not here for any reason.”
The fifth time they meet, Dean is still on earth. This time he’s in Kansas City, Missouri, because he thinks it’s dumb how the city is in two states. A redheaded vessel this time, because blondes are kinky.
Dean smiles despite the pain ripping through him.
Bobby gapes at Dean and Castiel. “What are you?” He says to Castiel. And then to Dean, “How the Hell aren’t you there?”
Jo puts her hand on Dean’s arm. “Dean, it’s okay. It couldn’t have been easy, spending 41 years as a demon.”
“Laila Burke?” Dean asks. “Who the fuck is that?”
Dean has moved into Bobby’s guest room.
Cas doesn’t seem to notice Dean’s scramble for a topic. “Luke.” He says after a moment’s pause.
Cas blinks. “Then why didn’t you?”
“If you say so, Dean.”
Dean smiles when he sees him. There’s no butterflies this time, only a slight tingling sensation in his gut.
Ruby, Dean thinks with disgust. What a bitch.
Bobby just sighs, places a hand on Dean’s shoulder, and says ‘balls’.
On the thirty-sixth visit, Dean says yes. With some conditions. “One, you don’t automatically make me be human. Two, my meatsuit is exactly as I left it. And three, you don’t just yank me into my rotting corpse and leave me there topside.”
“Not anymore. I don’t owe the world anything. Whatever. Anyway, you tell me something now. Anything.”
“Dean, you have to act normally. As in, not psychopathic. The old you would never have just murdered Ruby for no reason,” Cas hisses, crossing his arms. He’s maybe eight inches away from Dean. It feels smaller than that.
Sam whirls around and punches Dean in the face, right over his left eye.
“Hello, Dean.”
“She tried to kill me,” Cas interrupts. Dean tries not to snap his head towards Cas, and so with difficulty he forces himself to face him at a normal speed.
“Couldn’t you just, I dunno, heal me yourself?” Dean asks with a grimace.
“I love you too.”
Instead, he grabs Ruby by the wrists and onto the couch. He looks around for a while until he finds the bathroom, and under the sink there’s bleach and disinfectant. He uses paper towels to mop up the blood, bleaches the carpet, and then flushes the paper towels down the toilet one by one.
“Angel blade,” Castiel supplies.
Cas seems unimpressed with his feigned bravado, and he rolls his eyes. He steps closer to Dean, so there’s barely a foot of distance between the two of them. Dean blinks. Castiel places his hand on Dean’s shoulder, and the world collapses in on itself.
“Cas!” Dean screams in his sleep.
“Dean Winchester, I presume.” The voice is steely and hard and not at all Castiel’s voice, because Cas always has a tiny bit of warmth that he reserves for Dean.
It doesn’t feel like his own body, though. It feels like just another vessel he’s possessing. Still, this is about as close as he’ll get to being himself while still a demon.
Zachariah’s vessel is a pale man with dark eyes that reveal nothing. Underneath, however, Dean catches a glimpse of what he actually looks like.
There’s a television in the basement and a stack of Harrison Ford movies, the original Superman and three of the old James Bond films.
“Alright, Sammy, you look like you’re on the verge of a stroke. We’re going to give you some space,” Dean says, trying to sound like a concerned older brother and not like someone trying to get away from a sniveling mess, which is basically what Sam is.
“Heaven is millions of realities within one enclosed space. For the most part, it functions like Hell, except it makes people happy. Not happy,” he corrects himself. “But content. Mary Winchester is in Heaven—door 72 under the Campbell line. She is, as I stated, content.”
So Cas forces himself to walk into Dean’s bedroom, closing the door behind him. Whatever profanities and slurs Dean wants to scream at Cas isn’t something Sam needs to hear.
“Yes, Dean?” Cas asks, the light both illuminating his face and casting deep shadows across it.
“Cas.” He says, leaning against the wall and looking the angel up and down. “Why are you here?”
Cas gives Dean a vague smile. “Hello, Dean.”
Dean looks amused. “What, did I hurt your widdle feelings?”
“Dean, you killed Ruby. For no reason. Something’s wrong with you, Dean.” Sam growls when they’re back in the motel room.
“Why would you need me to be human, and for what?” Dean narrows his eyes.
“Do angels eat pizza?”
“What goddamn plan?” Dean snarls, and Uriel just scoffs.
She smiles at him, a bit sadly, as he and Cas walk out.
“Oh, you mean the meatsuit.” Dean points at himself.
—————
Dean’s grin is gone. “That’s a long story.”
Cas drags Dean away from Sam back into the hallway, and Sam hurries over to Ruby.
He curls his hand into a fist and punches the top of the grave.
“Cas.”
Cas’s mouth twitches into a frown. “You’ve got some catching up to do, Dean. It’s been four months and three days since you died.”
When Cas leaves the room, his eyes are bright and his hair is most likely disheveled. Sam is nowhere to be found—he probably wanted to give the two of them some space.
But Dean doesn’t freak out because Cas isn’t freaking out, and Cas would know whether or not to be freaked out because Cas is three feet away, and so Dean calmly turns around.
“Good, you made it. Bobby’s in there. Let’s talk,” Dean says, and he has to make a conscious effort not to make his eyes flash black because that definitely won’t end well.
“I swear to you, Dean Winchester, that I will never leave your side again. You are my god-given solace. You are the light in the darkness. I loved you the moment I saw you in Hell and I never stopped. I loved you when you were with Lisa and I loved you when you were with Benny. I loved you when I was dead and when I was alive. And I will never stop loving you, Dean Winchester, because I’m addicted to your touch, your smile, your voice. I love you more than anything I have ever experienced in my millions of years, and I will never stop loving you. ”
terrain.
Dean stands up from the stool he pulled up to sit on as Zachariah talked. “I’m going to go on a walk.”
Dean nods. He chose not to tell Bobby about becoming a demon, on account of Bobby trying to stab him the second he saw him.
Cas smiles, then, not at the comets but at Dean.
Then the door explodes.
Dean blinks. Can angels even get tired? “Oh. That.”
“If it helps, I heard all of your prayers.”
Cas frowns. “I am an angel of the lord, Dean. I do not wheedle.”
When he wakes up is another matter—and it presents an entirely new problem.
“Yes, Dean?”
Dean sighs. “What?” He demands, pushing his beer towards the eons-old angel.
“Sam, I’ve known Cas for 33 years.”
—————
The moniker is so symbolic of the distance between Dean and Cas that Cas can’t take it any more. His wings disappear and his eyes are a normal shade of blue again.
“I am not, as you say, an ‘asshole’. I am, however, highly protective of my garrison. Castiel was always too proud, thinking he could lead by himself. You and your brother, though, made all of Heaven go on high alert. Castiel worked very hard to get you out of Hell, Dean. It’s part of the plan.” Uriel shrugs.
“We’ll figure it out.” Cas says with a grin and a quick kiss that Dean stretches out just the tiniest bit. “The Winchesters’ always seem to do.”
“Huh” is all Dean says, because he doesn’t care enough to want Bobby dead or alive.
Castiel nods. “Yes. I rebuilt your body with my grace, Dean—the mark won’t fade unless…” his eyes darken.
She focuses on Cas, who lingers by the doorway. Her eyes narrow. “An angel of the lord. How strange. What’s your name?”
Dean pauses the movie. “Yeah?”
“It’s time. Sixty four seals have been broken. Two remain. One is the death of Lilith herself. Sam is very close to achieving that feat..."
—————
Dean rolls his eyes and keeps walking.
Dean’s eyes crack open, and he’s in the cabin. Zachariah is gone, and Cas isn’t anywhere around.
Cas sighs. “Now you’ve committed murder, Dean. You could have exorcised her.”
“Yeah, I guess, but… I want to give you another one. One where I’m not reminiscing about being a black-eyed killer.” Dean says. Cas nods, squeezing Dean’s palm.
“Anyway, Dean, I’ve spoken with my superiors. We have a compromise for you.”
Everything hurts.
With one bed.
“Right. We didn’t get along at first, but his bosses made him hang around and try to convince me to come back. Apparently, you can’t force demonic possession.”
“Unless I die.”
“Hey, Cas?” Dean smiles at the angel, and everything else but him fades into oblivion. The world could have ended right then and there, and Cas wouldn’t have cared.
Dean feels excluded.
“Bobby Singer.” Dean answers without hesitation. He’s not sure he wants to see Sam right now.
And it’s a cure. It really is.
Dean nods. “Okay, then, Castiel.” Then he makes a face. “That name is kind of a mouthful. I’m going to call you Cas.”
“We can feel strained and depleted at times, if that’s what you’re asking.”
Cas shrugs, his eyes still closed. “Anything.”
Sam looks up sharply. “Dean! You’re okay! It’s been thirty eight hours, we were getting worried—”
Uriel tuts. “Really, Winchester, I thought you’d learned your lesson when you and Castiel slummed it up in France. Demons aren’t supposed to know Heaven’s secrets.”
“Wait here,” he tells the corpse with a straight face. Though it’s not entirely an unfounded statement, if a little cruel—hunters know better than anyone that the dead usually don’t stay dead.
“Dean… I mean, even as a demon, why didn’t you tell us? We could have helped—” Bobby begins, but Dean shoots to his feet.
But Cas doesn’t allow himself to feel hurt or slighted because he’s too worried about Dean to focus on anything else.
And then one day he encounters it.  A winged, six-headed, rainbow-colored multidimensional being who takes a liking to Dean.
Sam stops, eyes darting from Castiel to Dean to Ruby.
“And your soul,” he says after a moment, snapping his eyes back to Dean. “I could make you human again.”
Then she curls her lip. “You’re a demon.”
“Hello, Dean.”
Cas smiles vaguely. “I don’t know,” he says, but to Dean through the handprint he says, “She saw me die, and assumed it was permanent.”
Sam looks over from his laptop at Dean’s thrashing body.
The being’s wings rattle. “So,” it says in a voice that has seen eons of demons and is not surprised by Dean’s statement, “who are you, then?”
, haven’t allowed that side to ever come through. But the Mark… the Mark isn’t a curse, Cas.”
Dean quickly relays the events of the past four weeks to Missouri.
“I…” Dean stops. He looks at Cas. He remembers his words:
“Why the hell did you kill Ruby? And how did you kill her? I have her knife,” Sam says. He looks extremely upset, and his eyes keep darting to her corpse.
And Cas smiles, because he’d never dream of leaving Dean ever again, even for a second. He takes Dean’s hand and kisses it softly.
Castiel sits down on the couch. “Why not?”
Dean smiles. “Why do you have to be such a poet?” He asks softly, and Castiel kisses him under the light of a hundred billion stars.
“Never liked that bitch anyway,” Dean shrugs. “And Cas has… a special knife.”
Cas doesn’t answer. How can he?
Dean smiles at Cas. “That we do. Cas. That we do.”
“They’re outside. Dean, we don’t have much time. You need to get away from Sam.” Castiel says hurriedly.
Sam doesn’t move a muscle the entire time Dean recaps the past three weeks. Ellen’s expression gradually shifts from suspicion to deep concern. Jo looks horrified, and Bobby looks pitying.
Castiel sighs and looks out of the window.
Dean snorts. “Don’t have to tell me twice, but why?”
“Does this place have a bedroom?”
been me! But the other parts of me, my
“Cool. So where am I buried? Let’s get this show on the road,” Dean says, rubbing his hands together in an effort to seem brave.
“I would have,” Dean interrupts, and Cas falls silent. “I would have said it back without a moment’s hesitation. I would have kissed you and loved you even as a demon because there was nothing—
“It’s not dammed by God at all, Dean.” Then he pauses and looks upwards, and Dean knows he’s talking to someone on angel radio.
Jo Harvelle answers.
“I have a little brother. Sam.” Dean says. Cas nods. “I know.” Dean laughs drily. “Figures. Anyway, that gargantuan idiot got himself killed. I sold my soul in exchange for him, and then some of Lilith’s bitches—sorry, dogs—killed me.” He shrugged. “I don’t know where Lilith is now. Don’t especially care.”
Castiel looks over at Dean from the door, which he’s leaning against. “You can leave in three weeks, six hours and thirteen minutes.”
“That would be unwise, Dean,” Cas advises.
So he cracks open the window behind the couch and shoves Ruby’s body out of it. There’s nobody behind the motel. The parking lot is deserted and a quick check shows no security cameras. He casts a quick glance up at the rapidly darkening sky.
“Hello, Dean.”
The weather outside of Bobby’s house is chilly.
Dean and Cas, who are standing in front of Bobby with a coffee table between them, exchange a look.
“It’s been three weeks. Three fucking weeks, Cas. You didn’t even bother to drop in and tell me that you were alive.” Dean sucks in a sharp breath at the pain in his hand.
Sam sits reluctantly on the couch, meaning Dean is stuck standing, yet again.
Dean rolls his eyes. “You again.”
“You kill him?” Dean asks, staring down at Bobby’s body. Cas shakes his head. “He’s asleep. He remembers you meeting him fresh out of Hell, and then I’ve wiped the rest of his memory. He won’t remember this when he wakes up in a few hours.”
He’s truly happy.
Sam holds his head in his hands. “You didn’t have to kill her. You could have exorcised her.”
Dean shrugs. “I’m already out, Feathers. What more can you do?”
“That’s me.” He says, tilting his head in a gesture that’s so ‘Castiel’ that Dean grits his teeth.
And the name is what finally shatters Cas—because he’s never been ‘Feathers’. He’s always been ‘buddy’ or ‘huggybear’ or ‘Cas’.
But Dean isn’t a philosopher. He’s just a demon. So what would he know?
It’s silent again.
“I hate you,” Sam says quietly.
“That’s not your face, Dean. That’s Laila Burke’s face.” Castiel says, tone reproachful.
Cas seems troubled, but speaks after a moment. “I have brothers too. In Heaven. Technically speaking, every angel is my brother and sister, because our Father created us all.”
—————
He hasn’t been on a case in 41 years, and he doesn’t miss it.
A dark-haired girl opens the door of the the motel. She opens her mouth, then narrows her eyes at Dean. “Dean.” She seems surprised but not horrified to see him.
“It’s been seventeen hours, man. When can I leave?” Dean complains from the couch.
Dean doesn’t ask. Psychics.
“What do you mean, ‘if and when’? Is Heaven going to stop me from seeing him?” Dean demands.
He just stares at the half-empty bottle, then focuses back on Dean. Dean shifts under the scrutiny.
“Well, thanks for the warning,” Dean mutters. “By exhaustion, do you mean, if I haven’t slept in four weeks, will I suddenly feel four weeks of sleep loss?”
Castiel rolls his many eyes and the effect is similar to a stack of dominos collapsing. Dean feels a small wave of vertigo. “Yes, Dean. ‘That’.”
“Why are you such an asshole, man? What the hell did I ever do to you?”
Which isn’t a problem because, Dean continually reminds himself, Cas doesn’t sleep.
His expression clears, and his eyes dart to Dean before looking back at Missouri.
“Dean, you don’t have to—“
Missouri’s brows knit. “I understand that, but why would you, as a demon, want to kill Lucifer?”
Dean’s jaw ticks. “As a matter of fact, I did.”
Dean grins, and then stabs her in the gut with Castiel’s blade. She screams once and then collapses to the ground, eyes burned out of her skull.
“Oh,” he says, because what else are you supposed to say when someone tells you their father is God?
He takes in Dean and Cas standing over Ruby’s body. “Dean? What—”
“So I’m the true vessel of this dickwad named Michael, but in order to be a suitable host, I need to be human again?” Dean summarizes the fifteen minute conversation.
“Oh.”
“‘Do you sleep’, is what I’m asking.”
“Will I still have…” Dean gestures at his shoulder.
Castiel winces at the crude language. “The girl, Dean.” He gestures at Dean.
“Hey, Cas! Come on! You can’t just ditch me here in the middle of nowhere!” Dean yells at the ceiling of Sam’s motel room.
They’re halfway through the seventh Ford movie—Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back—when Dean pauses it and turns to face Cas. The two of them sit on the couch, each occupying one cushion so there’s a barrier between them.
Dean could probably possess some idiot and hitch a ride to Sioux Falls to intercept Sam, but then what? If he shows up wearing someone else’s skin, Sam will know he’s a demon. And yet Sam has at least two hours, if not more, of a head start on him.
He exits the bathroom satisfied. The procedure took less than a minute and the bandaging took even less, so Bobby shouldn’t be suspicious. And as an added bonus, this particular carving seals him into the vessel. Even with an exorcism, Dean can’t leave this body unless it’s by choice.
Sam’s reaction is similar to Bobby’s, except he doesn’t try to exorcise Dean. Sam sits on a long red couch, and Dean and Cas are standing. Again.
Dean rolls his eyes. “That’s the old Dean Winchester’s problem.”
Dean looks up from his computer and meets Cas’s eyes. “What are you looking at?” He asks scornfully, and a bit of Cas dies inside.
There’s nothing but a stack of old books and magazines on the bookshelves, and it’s nothing that Dean hasn’t already read before. Mostly children’s books, Cat in the Hat and all that, and then there are New York Times magazines which immediately lose Dean’s interest when he sees they’re from 1993.
He turns away from it and walks back into the parking lot. It’s empty as it was when he first came out, and not even his car remains. Sam must have taken it when he bolted. Probably to go find Bobby and tell him how Dean finally snapped.
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel says. His vessel this time is a light-haired man with ochre eyes. He sits next to Dean with a few feet of space between them.
“It’s been 41 years?” Dean asks, surprised. He’s known about the time difference in Hell and Earth for a while, and he does the math in his head.
“You know, Cas, I never made a mushy speech about how much I love you.” Dean says, turning to stare at Cas.
“Why do—did—you want her dead? Dean, why are you even here?” Sam asks.
Dean’s eyes widen. “You were human once? Wow. That’s—wow. So, how do you become an angel?”
Cas channels all of his powers, all of his grace into this moment. The shadows of his wings flare out behind him, and he knows his eyes must be a bright, angelic blue.
he says mentally.
“What? Sorry,” Dean asks, looking back up at Ellen.
“How much longer?”
Sam narrows his eyes. “How did you know that we—”
“Never mind, man.” Dean says, once he’s recovered from his laughing fit. “Sure. Luke Skywalker would win in a fight against Han Solo. After all, he has a light sword.”
“How does it feel to be back?” Cas asks after a moment of awkward silence.
“I can do many things to you, Dean. I can hurt you. I can kill you. I can even—“ he closes his fist tighter, “—turn you back into a demon.”
Dean seethes in silence.
Dean nods, his eyes still on the horizon. The sun is two thirds down now; a hazy golden glow spans over the expense of the hills. He notes that he doesn’t mention John and a part of him relishes in the feeling that is dad is somewhere in the pit, too. Son of a bitch deserves it.
“It is the will of Heaven that you should, Dean. However, when you become human, anything that you weren’t able to feel as a demon will crash down on you, so to speak. Guilt for murdering Ruby and lying to Sam, exhaustion, et cetera.” Castiel warns.
Dean stares at the angel. He looks so peaceful. “What kind of something?”
Dean finds himself looking forward to the angel’s visits more and more. Sometimes they don’t talk and sometimes they talk about everything. At the end of every visit, Castiel always makes the same offer, and Dean always turns him down.
“Hello, Dean.”
“How did your experiment go?” Cas asks with a barely concealed smile.
“Hey, Cas?” Dean asks from the kitchen. Cas is in the main area, putting up warding against pretty much anything he can think of.
He’s used the same vessel for a while now—the dark-haired, blue eyed man. Castiel mentioned his name was Jimmy once.
Cas smiles, and Dean kisses him in a room that, for the first time in years, is his own.
“Merciless slaughter isn’t you, Dean,” Castiel tries to reason, but Dean won’t listen. “Don’t you understand?” He says with something close to contempt in his voice. “It’s
Zachariah nods. “Your brother and Bobby Singer have been working to stop Lilith from breaking the sixty six seals needed to unlock Lucifer from the cage. The sixty sixth seal, however, is the death of Lilith herself. That is Sam’s job. Once Lucifer is released from the cage, Sam will agree to be his vessel, you will agree to become Michael’s, and the two of them will fight. Michael will triumph, and Lucifer will die. Permanently.”
“I’m serious, Dean,” Castiel says, looking irritated.
“You mean, aside from seeing this pretty face?” Dean says with a smirk.
Jo went after Sam. Ellen excuses herself to get a drink. Bobby goes back to reading.
“When we showed up. She recognized what I was and tried to kill me, and Dean just reacted. I’d given him my angel blade before we came, just in case.” Castiel lies much more smoothly than Dean, and Dean nods dumbly.
In his opinion.
“Yeah?” Dean asks, keeping his eyes on the road.
Sam glares at Dean. “That isn’t funny, Dean. And that’s not a good reason to kill—”
“Now it’s your turn to tell me something.” Castiel shifts into a more relaxed pose, uncrossing his legs and leaning his back on the grass. He closes his eyes.
, and this time he prays. To every angel out there.
—————
It’s his colors, Dean decides. Like Castiel, he’s so many colors it’s impossible to name them all. But where Castiel’s colors are soothing to look at, Zachariah’s colors are far too bright.
So he goes back to the motel, stuffs himself into the window, and looks around for Sam’s backpack.
“You’re bleeding. The second those bandages come off, Sam will be able to tell you’re not human.”
“Sammy. Where is he?” Dean asks, looking up at Zachariah’s vessel. Dark hair. Pale skin. Weaselly eyes.
Because he’s taken it all. The hurtful words, the punches, the snarls of “I never want to see you again”, the apologies that convey just how sorry he really is without letting any of his feelings shine through.
So Dean decides to try something he’s not sure will work, because he’s never tried to use his demon powers in a vessel. But he’s been slammed around by enough black-eyes sons of bitches to know that they can use their powers even if they’re possessing Joe-next-door, so he gives it a shot.
He sits back down on the couch and takes a swig of his beer. It tastes awful, and it doesn’t even get Dean drunk. That’s the one reason beer even exists, Dean thinks sourly as he glowers into his bottle.
feel the same way.”
“I apologize. Rest assured, Dean, the chances of me dying are… infinitessimally low.” Cas blinks.
“Hey, Cas?” Dean manages around the mound of feelings. His voice sounds strained.
Bobby sighs again. “Balls.”
“Because you left.” Dean opens his eyes and pushes himself off of the wall, staring at Cas with eyes so green they look like emeralds.
That’s not why he’s here, and he manages to tear his gaze away from the elevated mark. Dean takes his knife out from the pocket of his pants and without screaming carves a small symbol right on top of his anti-possession tattoo. The ink is slightly smudged, and he notices a small gap between two of the spikes that weren’t there before. Thank God for Castiel.
Zachariah is in Dean‘s room one day. He’s just come back from a drive in Baby.
Cas sighs. “Just think about it.”
“Ooh, a light show.” Dean says with another jackal grin. “Hit me with your best shot, Feathers.”
“What do we do about Michael and Lucifer? Zachariah said the seals were almost all broken.” Dean asks Cas when they’re both alone again, in the privacy of Dean’s bedroom.
The being tilts his six heads. “You’re Dean Winchester.” It’s not a question.
Dean nods. “Y—Yeah. But you kinda blindsided me there. You told me the handprint wouldn’t fade unless you died, like there was a risk of you dying, and then, poof.”
“Ugh,” Dean groans at the headache pounding at his temples.
Zachariah’s expression sours. “That’s not a wise choice, Winchester.”
“Michael is not a ‘dickwad’, Mr. Winchester. He is, in fact, an archangel, and you will show him the respect that is deserved.” Zachariah snaps.
“That, and the fact that she tried to kill Cas.” Dean snaps. Oh my god, Sammy, you have no idea how great it feels to lie to you. You have no fucking clue.
“Does Han have a light sword?” Cas asks, and Dean starts laughing.
But I shot a man in Reno, just to watch him die…
And then he flutters away.
“Dean Winchester. Why didn’t you tell me you became a demon?” Missouri tuts, holding out her arms for a hug. Dean obliges with an embarrassed smile.
“I couldn’t simply stand idly by, Castiel.” Uriel scowls. “Besides, Zachariah wishes to see you. It seems you’ve been ignoring him.”
His hand breaks through the dirt first, and he slowly drags himself out. He didn’t expect it would be so hard to crawl out of a grave.
“He’s calling for you,” Sam says. “He won’t calm down. I think you need to go see him.”
“Don’t worry,” Castiel says, cooly. “I know a shortcut.” He flares his feathers and raises an eyebrow.
“Yeah, and we’re not doing it,” Dean says, firm.
“I just thought, I bet he’d make such an amazing step-dad, maybe I should get on that. A guy like that’s definitely not single I bet. I don’t
They go in and take a table. There’s a small food menu containing what is essentially overpriced and fancied-up bar food. Dean tries not to balk at the cost of their burger, which claims to be made of high-quality, locally sourced American beef. Dean points at the claim on the menu and says, “Just like me, am I right?”
Trenchcoats aren’t very warm. This is not something that the angel Castiel had ever noticed before, but trenchcoats are not designed for winter. Or summer, for that matter, but that’s an issue for six months time. On top of that, shirts can only be worn once. Twice if you’re lucky, but three days would really be pushing it. So on his third day back from the empty, Castiel has to make a choice. Not a life-or-death choice, he’s made many of those over the years and honestly at least they were familiar and the parameters understandable. No, now Castiel has to make the stupid, frivolous, but entirely necessary choice of what to wear. Only the guy doesn’t have any clothes.
Preparing breakfast doesn’t take long. Cas releases Dean, leaving his back feeling cold at the sudden absence of Cas’ body heat. He sets out plates for everyone (with the exception of Cas, who simply nurses a coffee) and they all sit down to eat.
in soil like a pair of muddy gloves. “Jack why don’t you run in and wash your hands and I’ll finish this.”
The rustle’s track the movement to the north. From this distance Dean can just make out the figure of Castiel as he walks away in the direction of the commotion. Dean skulks through the brush and makes a break for the gate.
“I wasn’t gunna,” Sam says, busying himself with sandwich preparation. “I’m guessing you and Cas had fun last night.”
“No, there’s also me,” Cas says, eyes firmly locked with Dean’s. “I would gladly die before I allow an angel to— to harm any one of you.”
“I didn’t ask you,” Jo deadpans. “We’re literally
“What happened?”
“Of course,” Cas says slowly. “I just felt that it fell short of my responsibilities as fake-boyfriend.”
Cas spends the night in the room he had once called his own. He’s surprised at how easily he slips into the same Cas-shaped dips he carved out decades ago. The last night he had spent there had been a few days after Bobby passed.
“Cas, man, you look tired as hell,” Dean says, stepping closer, making every muscle in Cas’ body tense up.
“You’re not sick enough to get outta getting hit anymore. You know that right?” Dean threatens, fists clenched on the tabletop.
When Dean awakes he finds himself alone. That’s not unusual for him, but it always seems somewhat uncomfortable waking up alone when you didn’t fall asleep that way. He trudges downstairs to find Jody in the kitchen alone.
It would all be so much easier if what Sam was saying were true. But Sam doesn’t know how insistent Dean was, how he kept going back even after Castiel begged him not to, how he pushed Castiel to leave his post just so that he could have his little date, how he accepted the risk to his own life without considering how much danger he was putting Castiel in.
. He usually doesn’t have much choice in that, but hell if he doesn’t prefer it. His dad’ll only push him aside and take over the situation then berate him for fucking it up, which, to be fair, he usually did. And Sam can never just offer his help, he always has to be so
Strolling through the aisles hand-in-hand, it’s easy to forget oneself and fall blissfully into the comfort of it. Dean certainly does after about two minutes, when he’s successfully convinced himself that no, people aren’t staring at him, they really don’t care at all. He’s in a bubble, and ain’t a half-bad place to be.
Dean feels a tender hand on his and raises his head to see Castiel leaning forward. “I don’t regret sparing you, Dean. I never have and I don’t think I ever will.” He pulls Dean in with a hand cupping his jaw and lays a gentle kiss upon his lips. “Sam is better off for it, and so am I.”
“Sam? You okay?” Dean asks, jumping up to action.
Dean gave an awkward scoff. “I know.”
Naomi tilts her head and smiles. “Don’t fret, Castiel. You’ll see him soon.”
Dean frowns for a moment, baffled, before his face melts into understanding. “Oh, yeah, that’s Cas,” he explains, a smug grin spreading across his face. “So get this; fabric softener. Neat, huh?”
for Christ’s sake. You can’t be freaking out right now, we need you!”
“Right,” Dean says, dumbfounded, lost for words because holy crap. “Wings. Awesome.” Dating an angel is so worth the risk of execution.
Dean runs his hands down his face, hoping to swipe away any evidence of tears shed. “Alright, that’s
See on
Dean presses his lips together. If he’s honest, he really doesn’t know how the hell to explain whatever weird relationship he has with the angel Castiel. It’s not important anyhow. “It doesn’t matter,” Dean dismisses. “It can save you.”
His breathing is fucked, he might be crying, but he doesn’t have to feel it for long, because just as his legs finally give up supporting his weight, Bobby catches him in a tight hug.
“Oh, shit,” Dean breathes, catching Cas’ devilish grin. “Do it. Do whatever the fuck you want.”
“Good morning, Dean.” Cas says, Dean feeling his gravelly voice reverberate through his chest.
“Trust me, you boys are always welcome here, but I don’t think you can hide here from
a long list. “This assignment is typically reserved for junior angels with limited combat experience. I used to be a soldier in the garrison— I actually lead my own troupe of angels. But, as you say, I seem to have pissed off the wrong angels. This detail could be considered my punishment.”
Sam gestures with his chin up at the window. “I can see it out there,” he says, lost and wistful. “It’s amazing, it’s… beautiful.” Sam shifts his position and takes a breath. “It’s something right? We’re possibly the only humans to ever see the inside of this place.”
“Deal,” Cas nods, face determined. He reaches out a hand to shake. Dean shakes it. “No backsies. Did I say that correctly?”
. Just existing as a human is to be Sisyphus with his goddamn stupid mother-fucking boulder.
“I can ward you.”
Dean’s face screws up. “It’s called being charitable. The guy has one set of clothes. You want him to walk around naked, perv?”
And then he’s gone.
Jo rolls her eyes, but doesn’t bother to retort. The headache tonic is bitter and goes down thick. It’s unpleasant, but Dean’s certainly swallowed worse. The stuff’s effective though; apparently Garth knows where to get the good stuff, which seems strange for a guy like him— he’s got layers. That says nothing for his aching limbs, however.
“Nah, they didn’t pay me any mind. But they were talking to some of the locals. There were about five of ‘em in all.”
“If we continue at our current pace, we should arrive tomorrow. Around midday I expect.”
Cas strokes hand on Dean’s face a places a kiss softly on his lips. He doesn’t say anything, and Dean doesn’t want him to. They lie there in each others arms until Dean slips off to sleep. As soon as Cas hears the familiar rhythm of Dean’s sleeping heart rate, he slips out of bed. They still have a good 7 hours or so on the clock before the spell wears off, and Cas knows now what he must do. So as Dean sleeps soundly, Cas uses the power for one last trip.
“No. I don’t wanna
Cas hovers over Dean for another minute, their eyes locked in a searching gaze. He’s searching Cas’ eyes, his pupils are a little dilated, but then one could chalk that up to the low light. He’s desperately curious as to how far Cas will go, how far he really
“And you trust him?” Dean asks. Worrying he comes off a little harsh, he adds, “I mean, you know him pretty well, right?”
Dean’s face has shifted entirely from despondent misery and raw terror to an easy joking  annoyance. “You deserve better,” he insists.
“Bobby,” Dean says, voice steady to sate the man. “This is Castiel. He’s the one who healed Sam. And he just saved both our asses.”
It all just makes sense, it all clicks into place and fits that age old pattern— Dean’s fucked things up again. His actions, his choices, his wants have all turned to lead dragging at his heels and pulling him under. And this time his taking Sam down with him.
“You know there are websites that can tell you all about this stuff.”
“Well I didn’t say that exactly,” Castiel says. “Perhaps I should have,” he adds, musing on the idea of him as the true rebel that Dean apparently perceives him to be.
“Oh wow,” Dean says through a snicker. “I really didn’t think— wow. And did you ever, you know, ‘fraternise’?” Dean’s eyebrows are raised and his gaze suggestive.
Dean considers for a moment, then shakes his head. “Nah. There’s something about battle scars, y’know?” Castiel’s eyes narrow. Clearly he doesn’t know. “I mean, it’s like a memory, a reminder of what you’ve been through, and all the experiences that made you who you are,” Dean explains.
The barn doors crash inward, an angel with partially outstretched wings stood in the entryway. Cas stares him down, steadfast.
With the contrast of Dean’s visits, time on watch at the wall has become even more tedious by comparison. Truly if the angels had wanted to punish him, they should have given him something to miss far sooner.
The angel does not retaliate, or even flinch. He would appear as sturdy as rock, though the knife definitely cut through something soft. Dean’s face drops, his head lifting slowly to meet the eyes of the angel looking back at him with expression unreadable.
“Dude, you don’t need to cup my ass to convince people we’re together,” Dean argues. “You
say I don’t think your dad would have wanted you to die trying.”
As his mind’s gears begin to shift and his surroundings come into focus, Dean is wrought into consciousness and the weight of another day ahead drags at his gut. He shifts his eyes over to his side, where cast in streaks of cool morning light Sam lies across the room, peacefully resting, chest still rising and falling gently at the steady rate of sleep.
“You know what I was?” Dean says. “Needy. And repressed.”
“Dean, what are you doing?”
Dean wants to laugh. Just fucking laugh because, really? He’s
“Not even close,” Cas sighed, half distracted as he gazed lovingly over Sam’s shoulder at Dean laughing with little Jack. “We had make a trip back to the bunker halfway through; we forgot some stuff.”
The case is a pretty cut-and-dry vamp nest, the kind of thing Sam and Dean could walk through with their eyes closed. Having a third is almost superfluous, though definitely makes the whole thing go even smoother and faster, so who’s complaining?
“Yeah, man. I’ve walked further drunker.”
Dean snorts. “Not my fault you were such a hard sell.”
When he relieved Dean of his watch, he tried his best not to watch him sleep, but the vision of Dean lying there, taking breath after breath, his heart beating and his lashes fluttering as he dreamt, proved irresistible.
Sam’s eyes widen and his brows furrow. “What do you mean ‘wrong’?” Sam sits bolt upright. “Cas, what’s wrong with me?”
Rachel gave a knowing look to her friend before she began her story…
“I do,” Dean says holding up a hand in defence. “It’s just- I’m kinda tired. Not sure I’m up for a detour.”
“I- I want-”
Cas felt his stomach drop in a mixture of relief at the sight of an old friend, paired with a pang of guilt, for his failure of her.
Dean mulls it over in his mind. It’s the best option they’ve had so far out of a litany of bad ones. It’s the tiniest flicker of hope, it’s dangerous, but the alternative is worse. “Maybe— Do you think they could help hide Cas too?”
“Well you only gotta be that where people can actually see, that was the deal. The rest is just us tryna beat each other off- OUT. Beat each other out. Of the game.” Dean stumbles over his words as he makes a slip that is NOT Freudian in nature and should definitely not be read into.
Still, he bleeds, he hurts, he breathes and his heart beats in his chest and blood thrums through his veins. For now at least. He struggles against his own weight to lift his head and peer up at the hillside. His tree is up there somewhere, marked with the name of man he wishes he’d been given the luxury of dying for. It seems a good a place as any to die. But with his legs weighing a tonne and his wings torn from his back, Castiel is forced to ask himself, what are the chances he’d ever make it that far?
“Carol,” she replied. “And yes, I’m your right-side neighbour!”
Cas pulls a face to himself, not turning to look a Dean at all. “We need to speak to another angel, someone higher up the food chain,” Cas says, attention pointed squarely at Victor.
Sam and Dean’s eyes meet in a panic. Dean turns his attention back to Castiel. “Cas, what do we do? We need to get out of here, yeah?”
Dean tries to hang back further in the forest, his eyes straining to see ahead to the wall. Castiel’s stood there as always. Dean watches him— his face is stony as he surveys the area, blank and bored. He can’t see his blue eyes from this distance, but he remembers them vividly. Dean steps forward, gently pushing aside a leafy branch to spy over the top of the shrub.
For the next few days Castiel is antsy. Now every motion could just as easily be Uriel as it could be Dean, or God forbid, both at once. When he his attention is grabbed by movement in the trees Castiel can only wait, anxious, for today’s caller to reveal themselves.
, he desperately wants to say, shaking Dean by the shoulders to make him understand. But it’s not just Dean he’s arguing against, it’s himself too. As much as he wants Dean to be safe, he also rather selfishly wants Dean to keep coming by anyway.
“Did it not bother you at all being kicked out like that?”
“Does that mean you learned something?”
They’re up and about before the inn even begins serving breakfast, before the sun has even shown itself over the eastern horizon. Victor leaves the horses and the cart with instructions to keep or sell them should they not return for them in five days. Even excluding the chances of dying, there’s a decent chance they won’t be back anyway, that being the nature of being perpetually on the run from angels.
“You wanna catch another?” Victor asks, incredulous, neither one taking notice of Jo.
Cas doesn’t need to say much more than that. Dean’s heart sank a little. There was a lot he had to work through, or rather, push past, in order to get to the point he was at. And he’d done a pretty piss-poor rush job of it all. But he did it anyway, because after everything Cas had done for him, it was the least he could do.
