Steve looks at him, then down at the floor. He nods, very slow.
“What—”
Good enough.
“Oh, come on. Don’t look at me like that. I’m not on my deathbed. I’m still me.”
“I think you broke your friend, Tony,” Bucky says, worriedly looking at Rhodey.
Tony feels the tears stream down his face. There’s a lump in his throat, he can’t talk anymore, he can’t breathe, his arm is numb and his heart—
“You knew Peggy?”
“I’m sorry, I don’t—”
“Well, now you’ll never know what would’ve happened if you waited, huh?”
Steve ends the call and goes inside. He finds Tony sitting on the bed, wearing only underwear.
Steve gifts him with an open, boyish smile.
“I know,” replies Steve while he towels off Tony’s hair. He rests his forehead against Tony’s, closes his eyes, and Tony sees him smile. Steve breathes in, deep, and his nose brushes Tony’s. He smells of roses. He’d taste of them, too.
Which is very, deeply
They stay like that for a while, without saying anything. Steve being this close is a comfort and a source of tension at the same time, but Tony doesn’t feel inclined to give it up either way.
A metal capsule lands close to them, and Tony opens it. There’s a first aid kit inside, and clothes, and boots that Steve can’t wear because his ankles are mangled with multiple compound fractures that are bleeding but not hurting because he can’t feel anything from his groin down.
A couple of weeks in bed and I’m almost as good as new. I’m still not stronger than I look, nor faster, but the cosmic joke of the day is that the guy who gets regularly gangraped wins his healing factor back, without the rest of his superhuman abilities that could help him break out of captivity.
“I’m okay. I’m okay. Promise. I’ll call if I… He won’t hurt me,” he says.
When Steve feels like Tony can’t take much more of this, he bottoms out again, abruptly, unexpectedly. Tony gasps from deep in his chest, lifts his head from the pillow and kisses Steve, then tries to breathe. Steve doesn’t stop fucking him, doesn’t slow down. He’s close and can’t keep this up for much longer, so he goes at it fast, hard, deep.
Suddenly, Steve appears next to him, seemingly out of thin air.
He has only that one night, he can only remember it. Or try to forget it.
Not a minute later Tony is asleep, his cheek resting over Steve’s heart.
“Well, I know how stubborn you are, I won’t try to stop you.”
Tony looks up. “You’re not joking, right?”
“No,” Steve finds the voice to say, “I wanna watch while you do it.”
“I know. We don’t have to do anything.”
“That’s you, mister,” Tony says, rolling his eyes.
“Really, right? I mean. This is real. You want this.”
, Steve thinks.
“No. Just strange. What time is it?”
“Yeah, yeah, he’s doing fine. Actually I should thank you, I built him a pair of exoskeletal leg braces and based half the work on your research, I—”
Each other.
“What is it?” Tony tries, keeping his tone curious but not confrontational.
Tony doesn’t reply, it looks like he didn’t even hear Steve.
, but… I never said it. That I’m sorry. So I’m saying it now. I’m sorry.”
“Yeah.”
Tony doesn’t say anything. It’s up to Steve to say something, and he knows what Tony must expect from him right now, while he feels like this.
“I didn’t want you to worry about me.”
Tony reaches for Steve across the bond, but he can’t find him now. It’s not that Steve is cutting him off, quite the contrary, but he’s not really himself. He’s slipping away, or something is separating them. A wall, a fence. Tony tries, tentatively, to connect with him, but what comes back in response is just physical need and nothing else. For a minute, there’s no love, no care, no affection.
And then call him, this time. Even just to hear Steve’s voice again, one last time.
. Tony’s eyes become a bit brighter than usual, and Steve nudges his shoulder. Tony’s mouth crooks with a smile.
“Yes. Every year, after the party with the Foundation. We always spent the summer in Los Angeles, Jarvis would drive us to the hills to see the stars. I used to make fun of her because she’d never change except for her shoes. So she was always wearing some beautiful gown and flip-flops.”
He can’t—
Someone did that.
It makes him tear up.
idea.”
There’s still some conflict about it inside him, because he wishes he could just make the pain stop, but… yeah. The voice—Tony’s voice—has a point. It was a matter of principle too. A matter of morality, of a system of values that had to be true for Steve if it was true for everyone else.
So Steve was okay with it. With accepting it.
He takes a sample of Steve’s blood.
“Of course you have a straight razor.”
Steve clenches and unclenches his hands multiple times. Fist, no fist, fist, no fist, fist, no fist. He presses his nails in the center of his palms, hard, leaving red marks.
I am in love with her
Steve would lock his gaze with Tony’s in the mirror and Tony would stare back with no shame. It wouldn’t be difficult, it wouldn’t make Tony feel self-conscious and exposed. In Tony’s mind, holding Steve’s gaze would be the easiest thing.
Tony starts laughing first, of course, loud and almost wheezing with it, but Steve follows suit pretty much immediately. Then, Tony starts coughing, and clutches at his shoulder.
“Sleep well, Cap,” Tony says, just before the faceplate snaps into place.
Steve smiles, tipping his body to the side and resting his forehead on Tony’s shoulder, playful. “That’s exactly what I’m saying.”
There’s nothing he can do about this.
Tony wants to say something reassuring, but the only thing he can think of is wildly inappropriate and rampantly vulgar, so it comes straight out of his mouth.
“I forgive you for Ultron. I forgive you. Please.”
Tony feels strange. Drawn to Steve, tired. In need of some form of comfort he’s too afraid to ask for. He feels on edge, too. His hands don’t feel steady.
There’s twelve of them. The Knights of the Order of the Sword, the most loyal servants of the King, his personal guards and most cruel warriors. I’ve heard stories about them, war stories, and each one made me want to throw up.
Steve worries at his bottom lip with his teeth, lost in thought for a moment. “Are you really sure, Tony? It still lasts two hours.”
He pushes the covers away and moves up on the bed until he can settle between Tony’s thighs. Tony looks down at Steve, sleepy and exasperated, and Steve replies by letting his face sink into Tony’s groin and inhaling again. Then, slowly, ignoring Tony’s soft cock, Steve starts licking at his balls, massages them with careful movements of his lips. He takes them into his mouth, coates them with saliva, sucks at them meticulously, all the while pressing his thumb into Tony’s perineum, rubbing at it in circles, looking for something, until—
“It’s alright. It’s alright.”
“Yeah. I have a responsibility towards the people who work for me. I know that. I still wish I could just give away most stuff for free.”
“Nothing, really, I just... I love this side of you. How eccentric you are, sometimes. I didn’t understand it at first, I thought you were just rich and spoiled, but... I like the way you dress and, I don’t know. I think you can totally pull off a tie with kitties.”
Tony strokes the keys softly.
She smiles.
And then,
Steve walks quickly to the bedroom and then locks the bathroom door behind himself, undresses, almost trips on his sweatpants in his haste to get out of them. He ignores his cock, red and throbbing against his lower abdomen, and gets in the shower, turning the faucet all the way to the coldest setting.
“Yeah. And yes, I guess we could call it successful.”
Steve’s hand on Tony’s shoulder, a dirty joke, a smile, and—
Steve searches for the cock cage in his pocket, takes his mouth off of Tony just for the time necessary to put it on him. He looks beautiful, even if he can’t get it up all the way; weirdly,
He can’t believe he managed to screw it all up again.
Tony looked down.
Steve finally turns to stare at Tony’s face for a long moment, and Tony wants to fill the silence with something, but the intensity of Steve’s gaze makes the words melt on his lips.
Tony nods towards the screen, shifts his eyes meaningfully, as if to say,
He wonders what would happen if he—
“Yeah,” Tony says, and he knows he’s about to cry. If Steve doesn’t do anything in the next three seconds, Tony’s going to—
“Bucky was worried about it? He sort of made a face when he—”
The effort of swallowing down the urge brings tears to his eyes and vomit to his throat.
“I’m old. I’m not, well. Pure. I just—”
Tony watches him swallow. “Sorry. I’m sorry. Fine. Just… just give me a minute.”
Thanos is approaching.
He’s missed it. So much. As though he wasn’t really breathing unless it was Tony’s scent.
“They’ll take me back soon. There’s no point to it.”
Still, Steve hasn’t asked for anything more so far.
“Don’t… don’t want toys—”
) and the only way of stopping them was
as though he was the Alpha instead of Steve, but Steve answered, patient and permissive while some type of anger colored his face in red hues.
Steve shakes his head, and a broken sob makes its way past his lips. “It’s so much worse.”
“No, no,” Tony says, sniffing loudly with his nose and wiping at his face. “I’m fine, I’m—”
“August 10th.”
, he gets it, and Tony nods and quickly averts his gaze, which, okay. Steve braces himself on the wall and starts fucking Tony’s mouth, gently but determined, careful but with no hesitation.
“Lots of things have happened. Lots of things have changed.”
There’s a long silence.
It really hits him soon after, while Tony is in the bathroom. Steve should have realized sooner. But it’s been so long—
“I make them for you. Whatever way you choose to enjoy them, it’s the right one. Here, let me…”
“I need more time. I’ll explain. I just—”
Tony makes him sit up and drink some water. He’s careful because Steve is still knotting the toy. He wants to cover his lap with the sheets, but then he remembers there’s no way this is real. No way.
“I know, Sam. You know how much I understand that.”
Steve lifts an eyebrow, as if to say,
And it was fine, Steve was fine with it. It was never going to be a problem anyway because he was going to marry Peggy after the war and they would be happy, they would be so, so happy. They would stay together forever, love each other forever, and it would be the most beautiful life Steve could have ever dreamed.
Silence fills the space between them, and Steve realizes he should be hearing a noise that’s not present. “Machine’s done. Wanna help me hang the clothes out?” he asks, and Tony replies with a timid smile and a little nod of his head.
“Steve.”
“When we want. It’s my plane, it leaves when I want it to leave. What would be the point in having a plane if it doesn’t wait for you to get there?”
aware that he and Tony have missed three
“I’m sorry.”
Tony flicks his wrist just so, crooks his finger up, and barks out a laugh when Steve jerks around him and lets out a string of impressively creative curses.
She cares about him. About the both of them. She wants Tony to be safe.
And fuck Howard Stark, and everything he was and wasn’t, and everything he did and didn’t do for Tony and Mom,
Tony’s head snaps up.
Tony comes back to the penthouse about an hour later, tired and dirty and with a burn on the back of his arm. But what he sees when he enters his living room makes it all go away.
He tries to imagine him, in the bathroom, sitting on the closed lid of the toilet, half-dressed, hair still wet. Shoulders hunched low, the arc reactor shining in his chest (like
“Caffè?”
“Okay,” Steve says, the word catching in his throat while he stares into Tony’s eyes. He brings their joined hands up to his face and kisses Tony’s forefinger, just above the nail.
, blah blah blah. But you never do that! You always explain everything!”
“It’s gonna be alright. We’ll find a way.”
Steve doesn’t say,
“It’s thermal water. ‘Course it’s warm.”
Shame.
Damn.
While Bucky is in cryo, and Sam is... where is Sam, exactly? And he hasn’t heard from Natasha in weeks, or from Sharon, or Clint, or Wanda, or even Scott.
Steve feels like he’s dying and going to heaven.
Tony seems to want to say something, but then he doesn’t.
It’s a commercial,
. Tony tries to breathe, but he can’t, and everything goes dark.
Steve searches Tony’s gaze with his own. “Maybe,” he settles on. “Would you like that?”
“Sounds like him.”
, T'Challa said.
It’s not just about Steve’s life. Before the world had anything at all to do with Steve, before Steve or his parents and grandparents and great-great-grandparents even existed; this place was already here, like this, had already been here for centuries, unchanged and seemingly unchangeable.
“I know where I’m gonna find it, Tony,” Steve interrupts him with a smile. “I’ll be back in a couple of hours, that enough? I can stay out more if you want.”
Tony pushes Steve up, makes him sit on the couch, takes off his own sweatpants and socks (he is sixty, he’s not gonna start wearing underwear when he’s home
“I don’t know if that’s…”
Tony walks towards the main building, but a woman comes out of the entrance before he can go in. She is wearing a blue dress with pink sandals; her earrings are pink too. She smiles, and Tony smiles too, and then she puts her hands on Tony’s arms. Tony’s hands go to her waist—barely touching—and they lean in at the same time.
One day, he’s quieter than usual.
He’d do it right this time. He’d be right by Tony’s side throughout the whole thing. He’d be there for the birth, and all the days after that. He’d be careful about Sarah’s feelings, though. He’d love them both the same, he’s sure of it. But being there for Tony this time, the way he wasn’t ten years ago, would ease some part of his conscience that still stings when he thinks about his failings as an Alpha and as a father. And usually Steve wouldn’t consider something like that as a priority of his, but he’s not perfect. He’s not perfect and he wants that wound to heal, if at all possible.
Oh, fuck…
Steve gets up to strain the tortellini. Tony holds out the pan with the cooking cream, and they transfer the tortellini in it. He mixes them carefully, then adds the chopped Bronte pistachios.
He takes his phone from the bedside table, and says, “J, call Rhodey.”
I think about the window. The sky. The clouds.
“It doesn’t even tell the right time.”
He picks up his phone, and there’s a two-hour-old text from Peter saying he’s home from patrol and
There’s a long silence. “Yeah. That’s my point. I’m sorry.”
So it’s just— disheartening, in a way, the fact that now, finally, he has Steve, they are together in the way he has dreamed and desired since that first day in Germany all those years ago, and yet Tony can’t live this thing in the way he really wants to, all because he is
Tony reaches for his hand, and Steve grabs it, twining their fingers together while he says, “I’m sorry I… I didn’t—”
“I remember. Shut up,” he says, and kisses Tony’s nose right before he starts lathering up his face.
“You know,” he says, “maybe your theory isn’t so far-fetched. Maybe there’s a reason we could never be just friends. Maybe there’s a reason you have to be on the other side of every argument.” He smiles, amused. “My rudder,” he says, seemingly solemn but actually joking, “steering me when others can’t…”
He waits, Steve, waits for him to recover, open his eyes, focus on something.
“They shot down the quinjet… You remember anything after that?”
The first notes are hard to remember, and even harder to play.
In the late afternoon, they arrive at a place called Relais Carbonelli, which, if Steve’s sense of direction is correct—and it is—is between Florence and Siena.
, Tony thinks while he lies in bed watching Steve sleep. They separated during the night; maybe Tony felt too hot so close to Steve. Even right now, Steve’s warmth seeps through the mattress, it radiates off of him. It’s strange. Steve is completely dressed and covered with his blanket, and watching him Tony expects him to be cold to the touch, but he isn’t. He only feels cold.
He answers, and an excited voice from the other end of the line says, “Mr. Stark!” and then a billion other things, too fast and weird for Steve to understand.
“Alright,” Steve says, and moves. He removes his finger from Tony’s ass, lets Tony twist to lie on his back, and places his knees to the sides of Tony’s head.
“I did. I always hoped you’d—”
“Hydra, yeah. Came across us by complete chance, the damn fuckers. They’re small, though, with very little resources. They’re rebuilding, looks like. Cut off one head, you know how it goes.”
He deserves this.
Also, peek-a-boo is all the rage these days in the penthouse of Avengers tower.
Tony nods. “Tonight.”
Step.
But now he knows. He knows what Steve would do for him. What he would give up.
“Is this okay?” he asks, twisting to look at Steve during the commercial break.
“No,” he says, pinching the bridge of his nose, “I did not shrink myself with the laser like that movie Clint made us watch. Obviously.”
They’re a good family. Sarah is a happy kid. She doesn’t know that her dads aren’t like all the parents she sees at the nursery school, all her friends’ parents. It’s extremely rare for mates to break the bond after having a kid. And sure, Steve and Tony didn’t break it. They just…ignore it.
Tony is paying for everything, and Steve doesn’t know what to do. He has money, his credit card works again thanks to T'Challa. On the other hand, Steve doubts Tony is paying to stay at a place he owns.
“I’m glad you’re okay. I watched the news and… sometimes, I worry.” He clutches Tony’s hand, and Tony squeezes back. Steve’s heart does something awful in his chest.
Tony looks down. Uh. It looks like part of a paper placemat, the ones they use in cafés and diners. It’s a drawing of Stark tower.
Maybe he’s not doing so bad.
“You were very close, before?”
“What are you doing?”
“Oh.”
, Steve thinks.
Steve seems very interested in this. Tony gets the impression he’s read a book on the development of newborns, or looked something up on the internet. He can’t explain Steve’s comments in any other way.
“I know my word isn’t worth shit to you at this point, but I promise—Tony I
He can barely move. His muscles seize up every time he tries, giving him shocks of white-hot pain that make tears well up in his eyes. He can usually stand physical hurt pretty well, but this is beyond everything he’s ever had to tolerate.
Tony feels belonging again. Inside him, something finds its place again, like the plates of his armor slotting together in that perfect way that always makes him feel like he can keep the trembling of his hands under control, if he tries hard enough.
“But you do. Care about me.”
Blood seeps out of him quickly, stains the concrete floor under them in a dark pool that becomes wider and wider while life oozes out of Tony’s eyes.
could die tomorrow. Nothing is decided, anything could happen.
“Then maybe you’re really feeling better,” Steve says, hopeful, “even your arm and your chest—”
Sunset is quickly blending into the night.
And for a moment, oh, for a moment everything is just perfect. There’s a warm sun shining in Tony’s mind, and the whole world feels just right.
“Why?”
Tony lies back down on the blanket, and Steve does the same. After about half an hour, Tony is almost falling back asleep. It’s good that he’s calmed down enough for sleep to creep in again, but it’s still the third time today that Tony needs a nap. It’s too much, even accounting for the lost sleep of last night.
“You can keep it. I’d like you to keep it.”
“Not far. Just… here,” he says, while they walk past the bridge and the bushes on the shore. They can’t see the agriturismo from here, and Steve assumes they can’t be seen as well. The woods protect them from the road.
“I know.” Steve is thoughtful for a moment. “She really respects you, you know.”
Steve walks to the bed, sits next to Tony, keeps staring at him as if an explanation could be written in his eyes.
, Tony thinks.
“Steve, I don’t—”
There is no difference between memories and dreams in this strange world Steve inhabits for a splendid moment. Things that happened six years ago and things that will never happen except in Steve’s deepest fantasies have the same color, the same vivid quality. Facts and wishes. The past, and a future that will never, ever exist.
“Yeah. Yeah of course,” Steve replies, and moves out of Tony’s personal space.
The moment they enter the guest house, Tony feels the weight of the day crash onto his shoulders. He flops on the couch, and takes deep, slow breaths, just like his doctors told him. Damn reduced lung capacity.
“Let’s get you to bed, ‘kay?”
He feels angry. He feels focused only on one thing. He needs to let this energy out before it explodes. There’s only one way. He swallows at the thought, because he still knows it’s wrong.
“Of course I want you. Of course I love you. I just wish you didn’t… that you could see yourself with my eyes. And I know you need me to be your Alpha now, but maybe this is what… Ugh, I can’t… I just… You were crying. I can’t pretend that didn’t happen.”
He struggles to walk, to see around himself. To see anything at all. Tony looks down at his chest, where the reactor should shine, and his heart skips a beat.
And Tony is ready. He’s ready for the
With his nose so close to Steve’s cock he can smell him so clearly that his eyes well up with it. These are pure, unadulterated Alpha pheromones, straight from the source. But it’s not just that. They’re rut pheromones. And again, it’s not just that.
Tony is getting married. When, exactly, Steve doesn’t know, but it’s gonna happen soon. It must be. It’s been months since the announcement.
“He… he was until a few minutes ago, but now—”
He doesn’t sing much, prefers to concentrate on the melody and on Stella’s voice instead of the words, but he does join in now and then, and his voice is steadier than the way he feels. Mom’s voice overlaps with Stella’s in his mind. If he closes his eyes, he can see his mother’s bottom lip trembling, the tight control she kept over her singing.
“Tony, listen. What I felt in there, the way he smells… If you don’t help him, he’s going to die.”
“No—”
“Tony? Hey. It’s Steve. You’re safe. You’re in my bedroom, we are in Avengers tower. Everything is fine, you’re not in any danger. Tony?”
“Forgive yourself, Steve. It’s over. It’s really over.”
Tony sucks in a breath. “You... you are?”
“Symbolism?”
“Having one leader can be dangerous, Tony. We are who we are. We tend to take too much responsibility upon ourselves, we want to protect people, each other… But together…”
He strains to reach the emergency release button, hidden between two plates of the armor in his thigh. The suit hisses, and he’s immediately free of it.
And this church, it touches eternity. Like all those other old places Steve has never been to, it’s connected to them, linked to them by a bond between all things created by humans, across time and across space.
“Of sorts.”
“Kids like me more than you.”
“You can say
Just a reassuring touch, you know.
doesn’t want to vomit in the armor, so he waits a minute outside, in the cold, until the nausea goes away or just makes him sick.
Tony closes his eyes, and Steve studies his face, because he doesn’t want the memory to take over Tony’s mind.
“I... No.”
“Sure.”
She takes a deep, steadying breath. The gray metal of her armor shines in the soft light of the room.
“Seriously, Steve, we’ve got this.” She uses her reassuring voice, and it actually works, because Steve relaxes his shoulders.
“Yes, really,” he says. Then, because he hasn’t said it yet, “I love you.”
Tony circles Sarah’s back with his hand. This close, he can feel all the ways his kid doesn’t smell like she should. He strokes her hair.
He looks at me, stern. “I’m sorry I couldn’t help you.”
Running through a patch of sunflowers now, Steve thinks about how here, despite Tony’s initial reticence, talking is still possible, with no pressure, no violence. Here, Steve can apologize, draw for Tony and make him laugh.
He’s thought of calling him so many times. Of just getting his head out of his ass and calling him. He never has.
Tony has done this same thing many times to many people in his life, and no one’s ever been this tight, not even at first, not even the first time.
“And then I saw you. At the airport in Milan. And at first, I have to admit, at first I was terrified. Of seeing you. My fear, those first days, that was real. I almost died, and… I’m sorry. I don’t know what I’m apologizing for right now, just… I’m sorry. I almost died and I was scared of you.
There’s a long moment of silence.
Sometimes, after a few hours, when he can put enough distance between one of the Bad Mornings and his feelings, he manages to find some pity for himself, some scraps of mercy. He thinks that his relationship with Tony was full of love, of trust, of understanding and support, but it was also full of amazing sex. So it’s only normal that Steve would miss all of it, every aspect of it. With how much they enjoyed each other’s bodies, it would almost be unfair for Steve not to miss that part of what he had built with Tony.
“You know what I keep thinking about?”
lonely—”
“Yes. I talk to her all the time. We listen to music. I got her toys. I make her touch things, too. Safe things, with different textures. We have a book made with different fabrics.”
“His body convinced itself that I was dead. That’s not elaborating—”
Steve waves a hand in the air, to disperse the last puffs of smoke wafting between him and Tony. “Don’t breathe it in,” he says, “it’s bad for your heart.”
Steve’s head snaps up so fast Tony almost worries he hurt himself.
is coming.”
“Of course,” he says.
He begins walking, but before he can even finish the first step, he wakes up.
s in their eyes.
“No, but maybe in a couple of hours I can take a nap. I just wanted to check... well, whatever, I’ll tell you another time. You gonna be alright?”
Steve was supposed to leave an hour ago, before dinner. But then Maria needed to be changed while Tony was stuck in the longest phone call with the biggest asshole in the board of directors.
Tony always tries not to remember that night, but being so close to Steve all the time, sharing everything with him—a car, a bed, a table, a blanket on the grass—makes it impossible.
“Good morning. How do you feel?”
They go pack while Stella cooks, because yet again she refuses to accept any help.
r, Tony thinks before closing his eyes, with only
“I know, hey, I know,” Tony says, trying to hug Steve even tighter, but Steve shifts away from him, and looks down at his hands in his lap.
Tony kisses his forehead, then hooks one leg around Steve’s, splays a hand on his chest.
It’s Bucky. Steve growls at him.
Tony closes his eyes for a moment, and behind his red sunglasses Steve can see him fight against a deep sadness, something that creases the corner of his eyes and makes his mouth go slack. He slowly shakes his head, just once, as if to drive away a bad thought.
The truth is, he misses Steve. He’s angry, so angry he can’t even see straight, but he misses Steve.
They eat sitting at the kitchen peninsula, the soft melody coming from Maria’s mobile toy as their background music.
“Ever?”
He doesn’t say what, and it’s a long time before he calms down enough to stop crying and fall asleep.
“Alright. Sure.”
Tony presses his ass down on Steve’s clothed erection and—
Steve presses him up against the cold tiles of the bathroom and he grinds his hips against Tony’s ass. He’s half-hard already and Tony smirks at that.
“Okay,” he says, gagging on it. “Sorry. Okay. Tomorrow.”
We work and train all day. Every day.
Is it really so disgusting, so laughable and ludicrous, for Tony, the idea of ever being Steve’s?
His face is being pressed into skin. He breathes in and things go quiet.
Amends.
He wishes he could do more. Steve doesn’t deserve this, to be betrayed by his body in such a way. The serum made him healthy, but when it comes to Alpha issues, it feels like it makes most things worse—Steve’s ruts have always been longer and stronger than normal, and he could never take suppressants. Granted, he hasn’t had a rut for the past ten years, but now it seems like he’s going to have to deal with them again, and Tony can’t help but be worried about that.
Steve crouches down, picks up the hem of Tony’s tank top and takes it off of him, leaving him completely naked. Steve goes back to his feet, lowers the waistband of his sweatpants to free his cock, hard and aching, guiding and pushing it past Tony’s lips without much warning.
It all happens in a second, so it’s not too late when Bucky covers his eyes with his metal hand, scrunches up his face, and says, “Ew, I don’t wanna know why you guys are shirtless right now.”
“You should be.”
“Makes me wish I could hire a sniper and just get rid of him,” Stella says, and Steve blinks at her.
Steve’s hands close around Tony’s waist in a vise, seemingly out of Steve’s own volition. He sweeps his palms up, caressing Tony’s back, pushes his face to Tony’s chest and inhales for minutes, years, centuries.
“I thought you’d never ask.”
Tony is staring back up at him, so intense he seems intent to make up for all those times when he refused to look at Steve as if it might burn him, scar him forever; now it’s as though looking at Steve is everything that has ever mattered to him, everything that has ever had any consequence at all in the world, like Steve is the solution to every problem, the answer to every question, the cure for all his aches. Being the focus of this kind of attention makes Steve’s head spin.
The words are whispered, quick and apologetic as if it’s too late to say them. Tony hears them with his ears but they echo in his mind. Steve squeezes his hand through the strip of fabric, and a feeling of suspense takes root into Tony’s heart, of fear and defeat. Tony realizes then that those feelings aren’t his, but Steve’s, and he knows what he has to do. He squeezes Steve’s hand back, and—
Steve doesn’t seem okay.
The stretch burns a bit. They should have used more lube; Tony hasn’t done this in a long time.
Tony smiles at him, and Steve can’t do anything but smile back, glad that he seems to have slipped back into a good mood. Maybe it’s Stella’s company that makes him feel better now, or maybe it was Steve’s presence that brought him down so much earlier.
“J, call Rhodey.”
“Uh… no. I mean, I know you did, but I don’t think you shared any details.”
“It’s fine—”
This isn’t what he wanted to do. He didn’t have this in mind. He was supposed to say… He had a present, and—
Well, that’s just not right.
Tony is silent for a long time. He finishes his food, checks his phone, tidies up a few things around the kitchen. Steve has learned to leave him to think things on his own when he’s like this. He’ll say something if he needs to.
“Tony, hey. Hi,” he says, and his voice,
“What if someone manipulates us again, makes us fight each other again, huh?”
“I was… manhandled.”
happy, like he doesn’t have a single care in the world.
“Just tired.” It’s not the truth, and they both know it.
“Night— nightmare,” Tony chokes out, an explanation, a request for comfort.
Tony wipes the tears away from his face and kisses him.
He fucks into him, over and over, rolling his hips instead of just pushing, face hidden in the crook of Steve’s neck, a hand caressing his scalp.
There was silence as everyone considered this, and Clint's too-loud words into the cordless phone he was holding between his shoulder and right ear were clearly audible for a moment. "Get back to New York, okay? This is more important than your booty call with Spider-Woman. I thought you guys were 'taking a break from each other' anyway."
"Tony."
"You don't think you're jumping into this a little quickly?" Sam ducked under Steve's punch and backed away from him, moving on the balls of his feet. "You've been seeing each other for what, two months?"
Tony answered automatically.
The supervillian vanished from Jan's grasp, and the tentacles unwound themselves from one another and retracted smoothly back into the wall.
He waved his hand, the gesture almost negligent, and the world whited out in an explosion of pain. Tony didn't even have time to scream.
The Night Nurse shook her head. "I don't know. Daredevil's account of the situation isn't very detailed. I was hoping you could tell me what's wrong with him. That astral projection form of his ought to be hovering over in the corner telling me how to do my job, but instead he's just lying there."
Tony begged silently,
"Like you wouldn't believe," MJ said. Peter couldn't even feel jealous, because even as a straight guy, he could admit that it was true. Cap looked kind of like one of those statues of Greek gods from the Met, if you painted it with an American flag.
Agatha was still smiling at her. "Just something to help you relax. I couldn't have you interfering in the ritual. Not after all the trouble I went through to set up another vessel for chaos power and gain possession of a copy of the Darkhold scrolls."
Staring at her felt painfully awkward, suddenly, as if he were seeing things he wasn't supposed to. Seeing her naked – except he'd already done that. Clint turned away, pacing over to the nearest lab bench, the one where Hank's fume hood sat, looking like something out of a CSI episode. One where they were dealing with radiation poisoning or some kind of death-by-contagious-disease. Beyond it, in the back corner of the lab, hundreds of ants trundled their way through a glass-walled ants' nest, completely unaffected by Clint and Wanda's presence. "I thought I was going crazy, at first, or that... I don't know what I thought." He reached for one of the little test tubes, then remembered that if he touched anything down here, it would probably poison him or give him chemical burns. "That I'd made you sleep with me in return for not bringing you in, maybe."
Chthon's voice boomed in her head, making the world flash red and black for a moment.
"No," Steve agreed.
The words had felt odd in her mouth, awkward after months spent thinking in Rumanian and Transian, when she'd been thinking at all. She had spoken English to Beast, and to Clint, but other than that... The "English lessons" she remembered taking with Agatha hadn't happened, anymore than any of her other memories of talking to Agatha had.
The penthouse at Stark Tower was empty — Sam and Jarvis long since jumped ship to the now-completed Avengers Mansion, Hank was nowhere to be found, probably still buried in one lab or the other, and Thor was gone, too. Either he or Don was probably back in Oklahoma. They both had responsibilities there.
"Every time you buy a carton of it, Häagen-Dazs donates money to help preserve honey bee populations."
"That's what he wants to talk to you about."
Steve worried too much, and he'd never liked the Extremis.
"You two are so married that it's sickening," Clint announced, bracing his hands against his thighs and standing. He surveyed them for a long moment, then shook his head, pulling a face. "God, I need to get laid. Jan's right. This team needs more girls."
"All for one, and one for all," Tony agreed. He meant for it to sound light, upbeat, but the words came out sounding grim.
much.
The Doombots were only a distraction, puppets animated by Chthon to try and keep them from being able to concentrate all their efforts on stopping Sin, but Wanda found herself smiling grimly anyway as she looked around for another piece of shrapnel.
Steve lurched back, pressing the back of his hand to his mouth, tasting blood. "Sonuvabitch," he spat, "I knew you were holding out on me. Why don't you hit like that when we're sparring?"
"Starting with how we can be sure Chthon's influence is truly gone." The words felt stiff in Tony's mouth, accusatory. The last thing Wanda probably needed right now was more blame, not when she knew very well what Chthon had used her to do, and what it had cost them all – Vision, Scott Lang, Clint, until his unexplained return, very nearly the team itself – but it had to be said.
The moment the mansion's door closed behind them all, Vision turned to Tony and said, "I'm sure this is but a temporary inconvenience for you. Strange will probably repair it tomorrow, but if I can be of any assistance..."
But nobody else seemed to wonder about why he had come back, or even how. They'd just accepted it.
Sam blinked, shaking his head slowly. "Right. I think he's in the living room. But you might want to wash your face off, first."
"Jan!" Hank burst into the room, white lab coat flapping around his legs. He had obviously come straight from whatever he'd been doing in Avengers Tower without bothering to change his clothes.
"That," Wanda snapped. "That's why we considered an alliance with Loki. Because sometimes things you know could destroy you are worth it. Sometimes you need to do what's necessary even if it might hurt you."
It wasn't the time to debate this; not now, not while they were both exhausted. "You could have hurt someone," Steve admitted, hating to give Tony's guilt more fuel but unwilling to lie, "but you didn't. You saved people's lives," he repeated, letting some of his frustration leak through. "You know you did."
Tony wrapped his other arm clumsily around Steve’s shoulders, pulling him into an awkward hug.
He would call, and she would come — not to the Avengers Mansion or Stark Tower, as she had no doubt expected, but to his father's throne room.  Let her see Hlidskjalf, the throne she wanted so badly.  Mayhap it would make her more likely to believe in what he would offer her.
He ignored her.  “Which helicopter are you taking me to?  I want to go in the one with Wanda and Tony.”
Clint winced, and she didn’t think it was from pain this time.  “She’ll be okay.  We won, right?  Chthon’s gone.  She has to be.”
Hank looked away. "I know," he said quietly. "You told me, before, that I needed to get some help, that I was out of control, and... I think I always knew that. I just couldn't
"No," Clint corrected, "why are you
"It's Dr. Strange," he said, his voice strained. "He says that he has Wanda Maximoff with him. He says she wants to talk to us."
He hugged both of them before he left, giving Bucky a clap on the back and letting Sharon go, gently, when she stiffened slightly in his arms. "I mean it, Sharon, James," and the look in Bucky's eyes was worth the effort it took not to call him by the only name Steve had ever known him by, "if you need me, then unless Chthon's broken free and about to destroy the world, I'll find a way to come."
He had missed that, over the past year or so, while the Avengers line-up shifted constantly around him, never staying the same for more than a month at a time. Captain Marvel and the Black Knight were very good at what they did, skilled professionals whom it was a pleasure to work with, and Namor was an old friend, no matter how irritating he could be, but they weren't Steve's family, not the way his old team had been. When Monica and Dain had left the team to take care of their own affairs, it hadn't hurt or disappointed him, not the way it had when Tony had left, when Hank had had to be kicked out, and it hadn't just been because they'd left under infinitely more favorable circumstances, although that had helped.
Tony's shoulders slumped a little, the motion visible even in the armor.
Tony's chestplate was hard and smooth under his palm. Anything could be happening to Tony inside the armor; he might simply be unconscious, or he might have gone into cardiac arrest like the man Carol had carried out. They might have only a minute or so to treat him, and it would take far longer than that to get Pepper; the armor's codes were all voice-printed, and if she did have one, she'd have to verbally input it in person. Cutting the armor off him would take even longer, at least half an hour.
Tony shook his head fractionally, reaching up to lay his fingers over Steve's, still wrapped around his shoulder. "Damage was the wrong word. It's not going to do anything to me, Steve. It just hurts when I use it, and until the problem is fixed, it's going to keep hurting. Maya thinks the migraines might get worse, and there might be some other, minor side effects. It's not a big deal, just an inconvenience."
Wanda closed her eyes for a moment, surprised at the strength of the relief she felt. She hadn't been aware of the Registration Act while it had been in effect, but just the name was chilling. Superhuman Registration. Mutant Registration. Even before Bishop and Cable and the X-Men's other travelers from future time-lines had arrived with doomsday warnings about the future, she had known where those kind of political policies led. Everyone who'd ever been a member of the Brotherhood of Mutants knew; Magneto had made sure of it.
The steel alloy of his breastplate made a satisfying clang each time his hammer smashed into it. He had let the dents the Wrecker's crowbar had left if in go unfixed for too long - he had meant to fix it the day before yesterday, before Strange's announcement had distracted him.
"I don't need stitches and I don't need a tetanus shot," Clint protested to Cap for the third time.
Hank swore. "Because it can cause cardiorespiratory complications. I hate my life and I hate my friends."
Wanda patted him on the shoulder - his
The pressure immediately eased, and then Bucky whistled softly.  “Damn,” he said.  “Stark looks bad.  Is that all his blood?”
"When he is, I'll take you dancing," Steve promised, recklessly. He'd danced with Bernie and Connie, and even Sharon, though she preferred unarmed combat practice to swing dancing. And with Diamondback, who had always tried to lead. Tony would, too – it was a nearly impossible habit to break, as Steve had learned when Rachel had tried to make him follow her and do all the steps backwards. Having Tony's arms around him in public would be worth tripping backwards over his own feet and looking like an idiot.
It was probably the most abject apology she was ever going to hear from him. Strange was not a man who admitted to mistakes easily. "I didn't notice him either," Wanda said, unsure if she was angry at Strange or not. If he'd been able to set the seals on her then, before Chthon had taken control of her completely and started to influence Pietro... "I don't even know how long he was there, pretending to be Agatha."
The Extremis had healed his body completely when he acquired it, erasing all the old damage. A new heart to replace the mechanical one, a new liver to replace the one he'd tried to destroy, new lungs to take the place of ones scarred by pneumonia and damaged by years of improper bloodflow. His body could be injured, or worn out by too little sleep or too much stress, but he didn't get sick anymore, couldn't suffer from any kind of cumulative damage, except, apparently, for damage to the Extremis itself. He'd barely been using the Extremis during the fight, though, so it had to be the impact.
Just because Strange had heard nothing didn't necessarily mean he was dead. Strange had little contact with the X-Men or any other mutant organization, outside of the occasional meeting with Xavier, and Pietro was unlikely to go to anyone who was neither a mutant nor an Avenger for help.
hands. He's killed people before and would have again. Even if I could have trusted Fury, Titanium Man was- I wasn't over-reacting when I went after him. I didn't mean for him to die," he added. "I tried to put the fire out, but it was burning too hot. He had magnesium in some of his suit's circuitry, I think. And the suit itself wasn't capable of handling the kind of power load my designs required."
"Have either you or Tony bothered to explain what actually happened yet?" The Wasp's voice was faint now, but the words were still clear to Asgardian ears. Don Blake would not have heard them, but Thor did. "Because if not,
Suddenly cold all over, Tony found himself leaving the conference room and moving quickly - but not running - to the executive washroom. He would have to call someone to come help him. Steve. No, not Steve. Steve was too far away.
"Loki," he said.  "I was growing tired of waiting.  You will free me from this place at once."
ago," Clint complained, but he went, managing not to smack his six feet of unstrung longbow against anything in the process. Hopefully that boded well for Hank's luck today.
"I thought it was cute." Steve set the bear down on top of a still-closed box and inspected the books he'd been packed with. A half-dozen paperback fantasy novels, one of which he vaguely remembered reading just before the SHRA had been passed; he'd never finished it. A book on twentieth century labor history that he'd bought just after he and Tony had started the New Avengers, and had never gotten around to reading. Then the yellowed edge of a battered paperback with warped, water-damaged pages caught his eye, and he reached for it automatically, already knowing what it had to be.
"In theory," Strange said, entering the room and closing the door behind him. "You were not Loki's original target. The spell used on you was designed to affect a god, and there are layers to it that even I have not yet proven able to decipher. I suspect that Loki sought assistance in its creation from a magical adept. However, though it has become increasingly obvious that the spell cannot simply be broken by the application of superior magical force, it may be possible to gradually remove it."
"I've never been half naked on the cover of Rolling Stone, though," Tony continued, referring to the group shot of the Avengers that had graced the magazine's cover early in their history as a team. Clint, prominent on the far left, had been wearing the shirtless Goliath costume. Tony, on the other hand, had been encased in armor from head to foot. "Oh, wait. No. I'm pretty sure I have."
Now it was just the three of them, and Steve was enjoying beating them in the most humiliating way possible very much indeed.
"Yes, Clint," Steve cut him off quickly before he could mention Hank and Tony making out again. "I got that part already. Hasn't Wanda tried-"
"Not a disaster?" Layton's eyes widened, bulging out even further than they normally did and increasing his unfortunate resemblance to a frog. "How would
, it was
What if Tony didn't come out of this?
Steve didn't dignify that statement with an answer. Six seconds from now, according to the countdown Tony was broadcasting over the Avengers' communicators, the electronic billboard directly overhead would stop broadcasting its current giant Target ad and begin displaying a series of propaganda ads produced by A.I.M., filled with subliminal signals designed to drive every human who saw them insane.
In between crises, Steve and Sam had somehow managed to get Sam's things moved over to the mansion, after he'd decided that Steve and Tony staying there alone with Wanda wasn't a good idea. Steve wasn't sure if he was more worried about Wanda falling under Chthon's influence again, or about something — or someone — coming after Wanda, but his presence was welcome. Tony had been burying himself in his lab or his office at Stark Enterprises for the past week. Twice, he hadn't even come to bed, staying down there all night.
Steve made a humming noise to indicate that he was listening, though probably not more than half of what Carol was saying was penetrating. Most of his attention was entirely taken up by Tony. A piece of hair had fallen over Tony's forehead. Steve curled his right hand around the metal bar on the side of the bed, to keep himself from reaching out and brushing it back. It might make him feel better, but he wasn't sure how it would affect Tony.
"Yeah," Clint agreed. "I will."
"We know his weakness – until and unless he can break completely free of his prison, he needs a human host. Unfortunately, he's rarely had any difficulty obtaining one."
"Not exactly," she said, frowning slightly. "Maybe you'd better speak to Doctor Brackett. He'll want to hear everything you know about this Extremis, anyway. Ms. Van Dyne's name is flagged in the database, too. Is there anything we should know about her?"
Carol gritted her teeth, held the twisted steel I-beam in her hands steady — it required her to float just under the ceiling, with nothing to brace herself against — and silently echoed Jan's urgings for Tony to get on with it.
"No," Steve said. "I don't think you would have." Tony did his best not to flinch as Steve's hand landed on his shoulder, tugging at him gently but firmly. Tony let himself be turned around; he'd never been good at saying no to Steve, not unless it was important.
He wasn't going back to LA until he was sure he'd done everything he could to make sure Tony was okay.
"Hank shouldn't leave these things lying around," he told the cat, picking up the scrip. He was about to shove it into his pocket when he noticed who it was made out for.
Steve stopped dead and stared at Rhodey, completely nonplussed. "If I..." he started.
"Used to what?" Steve had clearly missed something.
It wasn't until this evening, when Steve had completely run out of anything to read, that he realized he'd been avoiding the library since Tony had come back. It was something of an embarrassing revelation.
It had done enough to him without that.
Wanda was levitating a foot off the ground, glowing with a light so bright that it cast sharp, black shadows.  They stretched out behind Sin, long and distorted and wrong, darker and thicker than they should be.
By the time Tony was lying on the examining table in the Avengers' medical center, they had acquired a small audience. Bobbi, She-Hulk, Vision, and Simon were clustered in the hallway outside, all of the demanding to know what was going on. Bobbi, who had actually taken the initial distress call from Tony, and had wanted to accompany them in the quinjet, was demanding information the most forcefully, glaring daggers at Clint through the doorway.
“I didn’t use the Extremis,” Tony said, as if this somehow made the entire thing all better.  “And you’re okay.  So everything’s good.”
He and Rhodey probably looked like a completely normal couple to the rest of the room. If Tony had been his usual self, people would have stared, whispered surreptitiously, never done business with him in quite the same way again.
She should have grabbed for the dagger herself.  She'd never liked using knives or guns, but Steve had put her through the same combat training he'd put them all through.
"Why do you think so many magical artifacts are made of gold? I've never thought about glass, though. The crystalline structure in most gemstones amplifies and focuses magical energy, but glass isn't really a crystal."
She couldn't think of a more terrible use of her powers, save for mass slaughter. To strip people's mutations away – it was like rape, like mutilation. And to do it to all mutantkind came sickeningly close to genocide, in intent if not in actuality.
Loki ignored him, her gaze never leaving Don. "Come closer, my brother. I would speak with you."
Tony failed to look convinced. "It's not just the height. It's the build, and the bone structure, and... trust me, I'm very familiar with the differences between men and women at this point. You would make an extremely unconvincing drag queen."
Steve shook his head, laughing a little. It sounded slightly hysterical even to him. "If you apologize again for something that isn't your fault, I'm going to have to hit you, and then Sam really will think our relationship is abusive."
"Good. May and I saw some footage of the building evacuation on the news, and it was pretty gruesome. There were a lot of people in that restaurant."
"This way," he told Sharon. "Bring him into the kitchen." The lights there wouldn't be visible from the front of the house, and if anyone
Tony turned to follow Steve's movements, keeping his hands up. "You mean she hasn't been possessed again at any point in the past three days, the Mansion is still standing, and Carol hasn't tried to kill her," he corrected.
"Looks like that's the main problem area," Sam agreed. He blinked, pulling his vision away from Redwing's and looking through his own eyes again. Steve was blurred for a moment, and then everything readjusted and was normal again. "Everyone down here looks pretty normal. But if we start bringing screaming, hysterical people down from the restaurant, that's gonna change pretty quickly." The two of them started towards the stairwell, keeping their pace to a quick walk. If the people crowded into the lobby saw them running, it wouldn't help in keeping the calm.
“Wanda’s awake,” she repeated.  “They aren’t letting anyone in to see her yet; the nurse said the SHIELD psychics were still evaluating her.”
"Hang on a minute," Hank said.  "When did you come back from... wherever you were while Thor was dead?"
"Did you eat lunch today, Tony? Or breakfast?"
"I won't get cold feet. Why does everyone keep second guessing me?" Steve launched another spin kick at Sam's upper torso, only to find his ankle grabbed firmly in both Sam's hands.
Steve grabbed Tony's right hand, fingers firm around his wrist, forcing him to let go of the IV line. "They only let me stay in here because I swore I could make you stop doing that."
"You tried your best. You couldn't have known that she was possessed, and with Chthon's power animating her, I don't think one person alone would have been enough to take her out."
"Rachel's a professional enforcer," Steve objected. "She does this for a living."
"Everyone I love has been manipulated like that at some point," Steve went on. Tony, Bucky, Sharon, Sam, most of the other Avengers, with the possible exception of Clint and Jan. "And every time, I've hated that I couldn't protect them, or prevent it." Bucky had spent years as the Soviet Union's tool, and Steve hadn't even known. Tony had nearly died right after gaining the Extremis, when that hacker had mind-controlled him. Sharon still could barely look him in the eyes. "But I refuse to lose someone because of it." He flexed his fingers, tightening his grip on Tony's shoulder. "I love you, and I'm not going to lose you over this. I-"
"3-quinuclidinyl benzilate!" Hank snapped his fingers. "I'm stupid. Tachycardia, hallucinations, increased temperature... this is some kind of modified derivative of BZ."
Steve shook his head. "I don't want to be one more person taking advantage of you." He hesitated, then, added, trying to sound like he meant it, "You should go to bed. It's late."
Out of the corner of his eye, he caught a flash of orange-furred movement under the couch. The cat had crept forward while they were talking, now that Steve was no longer poking at him.
Tony looked up, his hands stilling. "You've been through enough because of me. You hate media attention, and coming out is going to get you tons of it, a lot of it nasty."
Peter crouched down in front of Tony, trying to get a closer look. Tony's pupils were all dilated, but his eyes were tracking; as Peter moved into his field of vision, he blinked, eyes refocusing.
"Didn't seem important," Steve repeatedly, slowly, his voice very calm. His jaw tightened. "What if you'd panicked and hurt someone? What if that gas had been poisonous, and there'd only been a limited amount of time to give you an antidote? You passed out inside the armor." His voice increased in volume as he spoke, the facade of calm crumbling until the least few words were almost a shout.
Sam could have shot him, but he wasn't sure what exactly the Doombots' weapons did to human flesh.  The level of damage they'd done to the walls, floor, and ceiling gave him unpleasant visions of fist-sized holes burned through muscle and into bone.
Tony shook his head mutely, taking a step backward. Then he turned on his heel abruptly and left the room, back stiff.
Thinking about Steve and sex in the same sentence was never going to get old, especially not now that he had first hand experience in the matter. It turned out that a female body had a few advantages to it after all, especially when your partner had super-soldier-serum-enhanced endurance and a recovery period that would have had Tony seething with envy if he weren't currently benefiting from it.
"It's a chemical compound the Army used during Vietnam."
"No, we're all fine." Jan closed the distance between them and put a hand on his arm, leaning her head on his shoulder. "There were vials of something in the unexploded bombs."
"They'd tip Doom off," Sharon said, without looking up from the map.  "And we're still on shaky ground with Washington after the Lemurian incident."
Loki materialized in the middle of the lawn with a rush of displaced air.
"Go get the firemen," Steve repeated, already turning away to look at the plans. "If you see a man wearing purple leather, tell him to get in here."
Loki gave him a long, speculative look. "I would prefer to," she said, "but ruling by another's side would be better than kneeling at the Thunder God's feet as his humble subject."
"If there's anything I can do-" Steve started, awkwardly.
"You--" Tony lifted his head, staring at Steve through the shower spray. "God, Steve, I'm so sorry." He closed his eyes, face twisting in pain. "This is all my fault. I should have seen it coming. If I hadn't been so distracted by stupid politics, if I'd actually been paying attention to the team, maybe I could have…" He shook his head, opening his eyes again. "I don't know. I should have seen that there was something wrong. I set us up to be vulnerable, playing politics, getting involved in so much government stuff. I painted a giant target on my back, and all the rest of us by extension, and now you--" he broke off, voice choked, then went on, "I am so, so sorry."
Two-thirds of the bookshelves were already filled with Tony's books, carefully shelved by subject. Steve slotted his own in and around them, deliberately re-arranging everything alphabetically by title. It would probably take anywhere from days to weeks for Tony to actually notice, but when he did, the whining about 'why is
Steve rubbed his hands together, glancing at the door, then stood. "I'll tell her, then. We can discuss how we're going to make this work later. And it is going to work," he added, casting a stern look over the entire table.
Tony pulled his attention away from Steve, making himself turn to smile at Sharon.  The expression made his face ache — his entire body felt as if it had been slammed into a wall repeatedly, despite the fact that he had no visible injuries.  "Once I've analyzed the mansion's security system and figured out what Doom did to it, I'll reconfigure SHIELD's anti-teleportation shields for you.  Tell Maria she'll owe me."
ooOOoo
(See the end of the chapter for
"So you see," Wanda was saying, her voice measured and careful, "I can't leave until Chthon has been stopped. And I can't fight him alone, not without using his own power to strengthen mine. And if I do that, he'll have me again. I can understand if you don't want to help me, but you needed to know-"
It was doing so now.
Pepper lips twitched. "I'm sorry, Tony," she said gravely, though from the look on her face, she was only barely keeping her mirth contained. As apologies went, it wasn't particularly convincing. But then, Thor had already apologized enough for everybody, before running off to personally hunt down Loki for vengeance.
“Photographers would follow us in case we were sneaking away to make out.”
"Probably not," Clint admitted, poking tentatively at his leg. It actually did hurt less now that it wasn't pulling open whenever he moved.
"So we're down to two flyers. You're with me. We need to start evacuating the building." Steve was in crisis mode, all stiff shoulders and barked orders. "Hawkeye-" he snapped, turning and stabbing a finger at Clint, "take her to the paramedics. Then get back here and join us."
"Yes," Tony said, thankful that he was facing away from Steve, that Steve wouldn't be able to see the lie in his face.
He could get up, Steve thought. Or he could stay here. He didn’t think Tony would mind.
If he could feel the energy blast even though his shield, what had it done to Tony's armor?  To Tony himself?
Maybe Patton missed Tony; he usually made it clear that he regarded Steve as an inferior substitute for him in all ways.  Considering how much noise and upheaval he'd been through today, though, he might still be traumatized enough not to care.  He'd refused to come out of his cat carrier when Steve had rescued him from where he'd been huddled in the closet of his bedroom and brought him to Stark Tower, growling and hissing at anyone who came near him and actually climbing back inside it when Steve had tried lifting him out.
The doctor was currently speaking to Maya in a low, conspiratorial voice, both of them standing with their backs to Tony. In his experience, that rarely meant anything good.
Steve pulled a face, the expression failing to disguise the worry in his eyes. "I like to pretend you're still fourteen and not sleeping with my ex-girlfriend. Please don't destroy that fantasy."
Tony nodded, and the two of them returned to the bedroom, Steve ushering Tony along with a hand on the small of his back.
Months worth of rebuilding, all erased in moments.
"Ms. Marvel!" Peter said, before she could walk past him.
They'd been remarkably stupid in their twenties.
Thor nodded solemnly, and the black flash of the communicator tucked inside his left ear caught Steve's eye.  He'd been better prepared than Steve had.  Except he hadn't-No, he wouldn't have ignored a distress call from another Avenger, no matter how angry he still was at Hank and Tony.  "Did you hear any of this?" Steve demanded, turning to face Thor.  Thor would say no, he was sure, but... "If someone had responded-"
"It's magic," Tony said, "so, not necessarily."  While it was nice that at least some members of SHIELD still seemed to have faith in him — or at least, his abilities — there were limits to what even he could do with technology.  After all the effort he'd put into sweet-talking the medical staff into letting him unhook himself from their monitors and join Sharon's impromptu task force, it was somewhat deflating to admit, but,  "I have to obey the laws of physics.  Try hunting down Strange."
"No," Peter said, "More like hallucinating that your friends are dead and you killed them." He thought of Gwen again, who would still be alive if it wasn't for him. It wasn't just that his webline had broken her neck -- if it weren't for him, she would never have been anywhere near the top of the Brooklyn Bridge in the first place. The Green Goblin had kidnapped her because she had been Peter's friend. Like the Kingpin's hired assassin shooting Aunt May because she had the bad luck to be related to Spiderman.
"This is the second time I've had this conversation this week," Steve found himself saying, more plaintively than he would have liked to. "Why would anyone think that I would hurt Tony, or that I'm not serious about him or that I don't have enough experience to keep him satisfied?" He could feel his ears turning red, remembering Pepper's comment about that.
"The growing is new. I think Jan forgets about it herself half the time."
or any other press outlet finding out about it, which Peter supposed was kind of cool, and certainly took skill.
"What other costumed people?" MJ asked, while Peter was still getting over being frozen.
The rest of the team would be finished talking to the press and the police now, and Steve would have gotten them all to gather in the conference room and go over the fight. What they had done well, what they needed to work on, how they had won and why.
Ms. Grant, the only woman on the board and disappointingly impervious to Tony's charm, stared coolly at him. "If your bodyguard hadn't gone out of his way to alienate Colonel Fury, we would still have our role as major technology supplier to SHIELD to fall back on."
The Army had given it back to Steve when he'd been unfrozen, tucked into the single cardboard box that had held all his remaining possessions. They had been carefully stored away in a government warehouse somewhere for "posterity," Bucky's things jumbled together with his own, because there'd been no next of kin to claim them when the two of them been reported dead. He'd barely touched it since then, afraid that if he handled it too much, it would start to fall apart.
Hank looked up from the computer and blinked at Rhodey, as if just noticing that he was there. "There are chemicals in your brain that keep you from getting sad. They block the poison from working. The more of them you have, the less effective it is. Which is why Tony is a twitching, hallucinating ball and Jan," he looked away, "is at least partially lucid."
Hank nodded slowly. "You're my teammate," he said, voice stiff and hesitant. "And you're not- I'm still- I can't-" he gestured jerkily with both hands, clearly struggling for words. "You wouldn't want to do that with
“I used the spear’s power to force Chthon back where he’d come from.  And seal him back in.”
"Besides," Tony added, "Happy was the one who always looked like a thug." He hesitated, looking away at the woodcut over Steve's shoulder. Steve was struck again by how tired he suddenly looked. "The more expensive the suit, the more he looked like hired mob muscle," Tony finished, voice subdued.
"Would you really deny it, if I ask you to?" The words just came out, awkward and unplanned. He'd meant to ask some variation on 'are you all right,' the image of Tony's grief-stricken face and hunched shoulders still far too clear in his mind.
Sharon and Steve were supporting Barnes between them now, Steve taking most of the injured man's weight. In the bright light of the kitchen, his face was pale and sweaty, overly-long brown hair sticking to his forehead. He all but fell into Steve's recently-vacated chair, wincing away when Sharon tried to pull his hand away from his ribs to get a closer look at whatever injury lay under his black clothing.
Thor was landing in the center of the circle of flames, Mjolnir still spinning in his hand.
Damn it. It had been easier when he could just yell at Tony, stomp off and sulk for a couple of days, and then pick up afterwards as if nothing had happened. A single stupid fight was hardly going to damage their relationship, but where a good shouting match with Tony had once been just another way to blow off steam, now it was more complicated.
Putting her hands over her ears or trying to shake her head to chase Chthon out wouldn't work.  The wards on her hands and neck itched and burned, like tight bands over her skin, and as she and Tony drew closer to Times Square, a dull glow began to seep through the back of her gloves.
"Call Don." Tony cut contact with the security cameras, just to be safe, and reached out for his armor's communication systems, signaling Carol's communicator. "Either he's blocked my armor's frequency from his cell phone, or he's gone back to Nebraska where telecommunication signals go to die."
Sam's eyes narrowed, all signs of levity vanishing instantly. "Did Stark do that?"
"Hawkeye?"
Rhodey, leaning back in Tony's desk chair with the newly re-modeled helmet to the War Machine armor cradled in both hands, was smirking openly at him. "Are you going to be wearing a wedding dress?"
Clint seemed to realize that the room had gone quiet, and added, quickly, "Who let the girls buy the drinks, anyway?"
Powerful magic had been worked here. Dark magic.
He was conscious, she saw with a wash of relief.  His face was twisted with pain, fingers clawing at the ground and heels scraping across the pavement as he fought to breathe.  Sin had hit him hard, hard enough that Wanda had half-expected to find his ribcage distorted and crushed.  Instead, it looked normal, which meant the desperate gasping sounds he was making weren't from collapsing lungs.
"Don't even think about it," Jan snapped.  "The world won't end if it takes you a couple hours longer to get me out of here."
Carol rose into view outside the window, stepping carefully over the broken glass and back into the room. "Who else needs to go down?" she asked.
Cornering Tony in his lab last night to talk about things had ended up turning into yet another round of passionate sex, and while post-coital snuggling on the floor of Tony's lab had been nice, Steve wasn't sure it counted as talking about their relationship. So he'd asked Tony to come with him to a photography exhibit at the Museum of Modern Art, where nothing untoward could happen.
"I don't know," Clint repeated. He frowned, then seemed to come to a decision of some sort, and stepped into the room, dropping into the chair across from Tony.
Back-up was here, if not quite the heavy-hitting back-up Carol would have represented.
? "It was my costume first!"
"Clint and Wanda are downstairs in your lab," Don told him, as the elevator doors slid shut behind the three of them. "You should call them and-"
Wanda, at least, was an early riser, either by nature or from prolonged exposure to Steve, who was such an aggressively cheerful morning person that Jan preferred to avoid him before nine a.m. whenever possible. Four a.m. however, would have been early even for Steve. It was occasionally when Tony went to bed.
"I told you I was fine now," he said quietly, looking down at his hand on the back of the chair. "I... might have stretched the truth somewhat." He rubbed at his face again, the gesture disturbingly like that photograph. "I've made so many mistakes," he said, the words low and hoarse. "And they keep popping back up again every time I manage to forget them. Thor, you, the Initiative..."
Clint obediently bent over Hank's shoulder and examined the screen, where four rows of brightly colored CGI DNA strands were slowly revolving. "That bit there is in all of them except the last one. Are you cloning something again? Because if you are, Thor's going to kill you and none of the rest of us will try to stop him."
"All right, just Jan, then."
Agatha's lips thinned. "More power, yes, but his path to power is not one that is open to you. If you need a teacher once again, you know my door is always open."
"Well, I'm talking to you, now."
Steve hadn't particularly cared. The thing that they had fought hadn't been the real Agatha Harkness - from the sound of things, the real Agatha had been dead for a long time - and it's potential demise had been meaningless next to the fact that Tony wasn't moving, hadn't moved since Loki had waved a hand at him and announced that he was depriving Agatha of her sacrifice.
"Interesting." Sharon's voice was serious, with the slightest hint of something that might have been skepticism, or might have been unease. "She's probably delusional, but... when Red Skull was killed the first time, everyone in this room saw his corpse. SHIELD autopsied it. I touched it. And then he showed up in Alexander Lukin's body."
"Oooh,  six months," MJ said, in the tone of voice she used when she was being  evil.  "That's an important anniversary.  Peter got me flowers and took  me to the top of the Empire State Building.  It was very romantic until  the Vulture attacked us."
"At least he didn't do this one on purpose. Not that it will matter much in the long run." Rhodey shrugged one shoulder. "I should... someone should go handle the media. One of the nurses was doing a good job of it when I came in, but I'm sure she's got better things to do."
"This is something that affects all of us," Wanda said. "It isn't just a personal family problem of yours, any more than Magneto was for me and– for me and Pietro."
"What of the others?" Thor asked.
himself when other people did. And then, afterwards, for running away to California and hiding from the rest of them, and for the dangerous and willfully illegal means he had used to get his stolen technology back.
With a harsh scream, Redwing launched himself into the air and dropped the canister into Carol's waiting hands. She sprayed it, covering Steve, Sam, and the sole remaining artificial symbiote indiscriminately with a white chemical mist, and the symbiote shuddered and went limp, gradually transforming back into a middle-aged tourist in a garish sweatshirt.
Once she brought Doom the book and he located the spell within it that would allow a "mundane" human access to the spear, she would no longer need to tolerate his arrogance. He would send her out to fetch the spear for him, blindly confident in his own cleverness, and she would do some spell-casting of her own.
"At the ritual?  He was leading it."  Barnes smirked at the memory.  "I think he was almost offended that Steve wasn't there."
Doom hit the ground with a clatter of metal on asphalt, but he kept his grip on the spear.   "Too late," he mocked, rising to his feet and kicking the shield out of the way.   "I should apologize to Sin.   It appears she did her job after all."
Tony was standing in the middle of the disaster area the restaurant had become, completely motionless, the armor making him look like an incongruous art deco statue. Steve jerked his eyes away from Tony to make a quick scan of the rest of the room -- Jan was kneeling on the floor behind a table, a small child firmly attached to her neck; War Machine was restraining a man in a white waiter's jacket who was still clutching a steak knife in one hand -- before his gaze was pulled back to Tony.
Tony and Hank had... okay, Steve could have lived the rest of his life quite happily never having known that, or experiencing the mental images the knowledge conjured up. The fact that the mental image of Tony and Hank entwined in one another's arms, naked and sweaty and writhing, was not actually unpleasant, just made it worse. Steve forced the thought away and took the phone gingerly, and Jan turned on her heel and left the kitchen as quickly as she could without seeming to flee.
When he left the room, Clint found Hank and Sam waiting in the hallway, right outside the door. Hank was sitting on the floor against the wall, hands over his face.
The Latvarian franc had fallen against the euro, he saw, as he read the latest report from one of his more loyal ministers. Completely unacceptable; he would have to arrange for several bombings in France and Spain, and perhaps a bubble on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. That should bring world finances into a more appropriate state. Perhaps the assassination of the president of one of Greece's major banks...
"The beauty of team simulations is that I don't have to be faster than the holographic bad guys. I just have to be faster than you."
"Wait, Rhodes was in the armor?" Cap stood up straighter, making it very obvious that he was four inches taller than Clint, his voice taking on that dangerous note it sometimes got when he was talking to supervillains. "I thought they'd just gotten into a fistfight or something. Why have I never heard about this?"
"Give me that." Steve grabbed the magazine away from Tony, skimming the first page. The opening paragraphs were nothing but basic background information on the team, and a review of their activities over the past few months. No editorial commentary, no-wait.
Maybe Tony would feel less guilty about it this way. He hadn't been acting guilty - held been acting as if next week's upcoming medical procedure didn't bother him at all, aside from the part where it involved being pregnant until then - but Steve knew he had to be, whether he was acknowledging it or not. Tony was very good at guilt.
Don lifted his head, glaring at Doom with the one eye that wasn't swollen shut.  "You're going to destroy yourself.  No human can wield the power of the Odin force; it'll burn your soul up like a candle, if Chthon doesn't destroy it for you first."
"I wore that costume, too." Clint sounded so indignant that Steve had to smile through his crushing embarrassment.
That man was probably dying. She couldn't give in to this. Jan started towards the older man, the one who looked like he might be having a heart attack.
"You think you've won just because you've stopped us here? This was just part of our plan. We've hidden a series of timed explosives all over the city." Madigan grinned, a particularly gruesome expression that reminded Steve far too much of the Red Skull. "Good luck finding them."
Being jealous of Rhodey because Tony used to have a crush on him was equally irrational, especially since Steve had no problem with the two dozen women Tony had slept with over the years. Well, the ones that hadn't tried to kill Tony.
There was a long moment of silence, and then MJ said,
"James cut it out and saved it." Sharon's lips curved slightly. "He has a file on you, you know."
He hesitated for an instant, torn between the instinct to rush to Wanda’s side, the desire to grab Sam and shake him and make sure he was all right, and the fear that Tony was bleeding out, dying, already dead.
"There'll be chanting in Latin or some other dead language," Barnes said.  "And some kind of altar.  There always is."
"Drop the book, Doom," Steve said.  "There's no way out.  Your teleportation technology won't work in there."
He'd seen it on the news, when he'd been on his way to Transia; Steve falling, blood dark on the shoulder of his costume, and Sharon going to her knees next to him, and then a crowd of SHIELD personnel swarming in, their bodies blocking the camera shot. Actually being there, the way Sam had, would have been worse.
Right.
Sharon laughs. There’s a little moment of silence.
Steve would go down on Tony, lick at him, like they have all the time in the world. He would produce a bottle of lube from a hidden drawer in the coffee table, then coat his fingers and start pressing them into Tony, searching for his prostate. He would rub at it until he had coaxed Tony’s cock to hardness, as much as possible.
He kicks the sheet off and stretches out between Tony’s legs, stomach down. He nudges Tony’s thighs apart and he drags his hips down.
“But it didn’t hurt, right?”
“Steve,” Tony says, firm, to bring him back from that place in his mind where there’s no hope and no escape. He cradles Steve’s head in his hands, lifts it up. “Look at me for a moment. Please,” he says, voice calm and warm, like a blanket on Steve’s unquiet thoughts. Steve opens his eyes and holds Tony’s gaze, and it’s hard to look at him, the tears blurring his vision and his guilt blurring his heart.
But he can’t. At the last moment, he can’t. He doesn’t know why; he has no pity for this man. But maybe he still has some for himself. Maybe he’s just scared of what else he could justify doing if he allows himself this.
Right. That’s a thing Steve does. Tony still has a couple of ties from back when—
“Hey, question: if—still hypothetically—we got together someday, wouldn’t you be bothered by the age difference? The fact that I’m forty-six and you‘re—”
Steve turns his head away from the shirt pressed to his face. He opens his eyes to stare at the empty space at his side, and he releases the breath he was holding deep in his lungs. His heart slows down. His mind clears, but he keeps his lips parted so he can breathe through his mouth.
Steve pulls out of Tony’s mouth, releases his hair. Tony opens his eyes and smiles, says something easy and friendly that doesn’t allude to what they just did, quickly exits the shower and goes wash himself in the next stall.
Steve must black out just for a handful of seconds, because he’s at Tony’s side a moment later, tearing the man away from him.
He looks at Steve.
Oh, god.
He’s in a cave, deep in the guts of the earth. The air is damp on his skin.
“No, just... I was... I don’t remember it very well, I was…” Tony frowns with the effort of thinking about it. “It was all dark... I don’t know.”
. Please?”
“God, if you don’t fuck me—”
“Sleep for a little while, Steve,” she tells him. “It’s gonna be alright soon. You’re gonna be alright. Don’t worry.”
And now he’s here, alone, with a baby girl that smells like him and Steve, and he doesn’t know what to do.
His knees hurt when he falls to the ground next to Tony, but he doesn’t notice.
in my head. It’s driving me crazy.”
“We… the bond, you know, we tended to it. Last night.”
“It’s an amazing coincidence, isn’t it,” he says, “that Mom would love this song and that you’d choose it for her without even knowing.”
“Tony—”
Steve stares at him, awed, wide-eyed, mouth hanging open. “Okay,” he whispers, and has to look down.
Tony moans, says, “St— Steve, I—,” and Steve knows. He hasn’t always known, but he knows now and will know it forever.
And he had plenty to give.
“You can’t be se— What the hell are you doing here?” The words are bitter, unkind. Steve’s cheeks blush.
There’s a small sound, and Tony instructs FRIDAY to let Steve in the penthouse. He waits for him to walk across the living room, to the windows.
“Hey,” Tony says, “Steve?”
Not just on the surface, like when he bathes with Tony. No, he’s warm deep inside, to the bone. His arms and legs are all pins and needles with it, and he feels the urge to take off his thick sweatpants, his socks, even the hoodie.
He slides to the floor and lets himself be kissed, the taste of his pleasure (it’s white, it tastes white) on Steve’s tongue. He sucks on it and can’t get enough of it; he’s sure he could die for the sheer lack of Steve’s lips on his, but Steve kisses him back, hugs him tight, picks him up to lay him back down on the bed.
Tony kissed him.
“No, no, it’s alright. Help me keep pressure on the wound, here, it’s alright.”
They walk back to the guest house while the sun is beginning to set, and the sky is striped with soft orange and pink. There are still a few hours of light.
“It’s like we’re perpetually caught in this absurd situation where I’m the sensible one—”
“This thing is taking its toll on you both. I’m not urging you to forgive to just quiet your mind—if you can’t do it, then you’re allowed not to. But do something about this, Tony. You need to let this go, one way or the other, before it blows up in your faces and hurts you even more. Especially if you’ll need to fight side by side in any case.”
Tony’s blood is mixed with Steve’s own. On his skin.
So Steve has to say the exact opposite. Something Tony can’t see coming.
“Yeah. And the fact that the Accords are actually the easiest part says it all.”
doesn’t cover.”
It’s mesmerizing.
Steve shakes his head. “You already know, right? You already know how this is gonna end.”
“Yeah,” he says, slowly, using the bond to communicate the truth of his words to Tony, “I, I do. I want you. If… if you’ll have me.”
said—never again. After the last time.”
“I need to know how you’re feeling,” Steve says, nuzzling Tony’s neck. He smells so good there.
“I really liked De André. He was my favorite. And Guccini. Oh, and Mina.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve whispers, realizing that he’s been hurting Tony for longer than he thought.
There’s a moment of silence where they just look at each other, and then they burst into laughter.
“Yeah.”
“I had no idea,” Tony says, quietly, but with a despondent edge to his voice. It scares Steve, the shame it implies. “How could I…” he trails off and sighs, his shoulders trembling under the weight of his own guilt. “She ran away from one war only to walk into another.”
“I don’t really… I don’t care. You made your choices and here we are.”
, and Tony smirks, as if to say,
“No, not really. Mostly, I go to meetings, and Rhodey checks on me. Maybe I should get one.”
Tony doesn’t know why he says what he says next. Whatever has been stopping him from saying things like this to Steve in the past few days, has disappeared.
Steve fucking Rogers. Is in front of Tony’s fucking car.
Infection almost takes me. But then, I heal.
He thinks about Steve.
“I just can’t accept—”
Steve doesn’t reply, and looks away, past the hills, in the distance.
“But—”
“Since Siberia. Since I left you there. In the cold. Alone. With a broken suit.”
Maybe he’ll get to see Tony sooner than he thinks.
I kneel on the ground. I close my eyes.
“Something wrong?”
“Wouldn’t it kind of defeat the whole purpose of having a plane if it departed before you arrived? That’d be useless.”
“I’m not just here to provide eye candy, you know.”
“You’re asking that I—”
It looks like it’s on fire. Like a sun burning into the sky.
He listens to Steve breathe, now quiet and slow, in the heat of summer, sitting in a room that feels like home.
“So boring that… your brain will leak out of your ears if you stay!” Tony says, tickling Sarah’s belly and making her laugh.
It all coalesces into a jolt of pain right under his breastbone. It reminds him of Tony.
Sometimes he’d stop in his tracks for a second, lost in thought, and Steve would turn around, touch his hand, and ask, “What are you thinking about?” and Tony would meet his gaze and say, “Nothing,” and it would be the truth, because while the question was asked and the answer was given, the moment for thinking about it—about what the man did to him once a day every day for four months and twelve days—is already gone.
Steve doesn’t need easy. Steve just needs—
Steve’s thrusts grow faster. It’s all gonna be over in a minute, and Tony isn’t exactly glad about it; he doesn’t really want it to stop—he just wishes he didn’t feel so hopelessly alone.
“Hello, Mr. Stark. How are you?”
Tony takes a sip of his whiskey.
Steve kneels down in front of him, takes his face in his hands, licks at his own come on Tony’s skin, his tongue swiping across Tony’s graying goatee and it makes Steve go hard again.
He looks at Steve, his fair skin, his blue eyes, the gold of his hair, the way it all shines against his dark clothes. His stare makes Steve stop in his tracks, look back, eyes wide.
“Tony—”
Yes. But it's a secret that I'm here. Super secret. We can't tell anyone.
That frightened Tony. Not Steve wanting to kiss him, not Steve almost confessing something too huge and unbelievable to even think about, not Steve asking if he had Tony’s permission to sometimes, in the privacy of his own mind, imagine them kissing and Tony forgiving him.
He’s still wearing that cardigan of his, and now that Tony sees it under the harsh light of the sun, with Steve’s hair catching it and shining with gold, he recognizes it.
He only hopes Steve won’t judge him too harshly for indulging in this.
I don’t know.
“Alright, alright. But we have to go all the way back to Milan.”
It’s the first time Steve has said Howard’s name.
They fall asleep in a tangle of limbs.
“I don’t know,” Tony replies, “I’m sure she could’ve done with a bit more care.”
“Hello,” he says, then asks about Maria.
“Yeah, but what if—”
Tony looks at him for an infinite moment, frowning.
“Barnes is your priority, I get that.” He sighs. “I thought we were friends. You said we weren’t. My mistake. Sorry if I ever… made you uncomfortable. Wasn’t my intention.”
And he thinks,
“I’m gonna show you my grandfather’s shop. He was a tailor.”
“Hey,” he replies.
“I know I keep repeating it. I don’t know what else to say.”
“You need—”
They pass reassurance and affection to each other. It’s familiar. Good. Easy, even.
He can be proud of this, at least: he brought what little joy could be brought into her life.
One night, a few weeks later, he showers and changes into comfortable clothes that he’ll probably end up wearing to bed. He takes a laptop from the lab and a few notes he’s scribbled on loose sheets of paper.
He’s not entirely surprised to see the bright light of the arc reactor slotted in Tony’s chest, no.
In that moment, in that moment that looked so normal from the outside, while no one was noticing him, while all his friends were busy drinking, laughing, dancing, Steve thought—
“I thought about it. Never could go through with it. We’re still bonded, even though—”
He crawls into bed next to Steve, who has already turned off the light.
Steve is about to speak when Tony jumps to his feet, grabs some clothes from his bag, and locks himself in the bathroom without saying a word, without even looking at Steve.
Steve smiles, eyes huge. He drags a hand on his face.
“The closest hospital—”
“I just appreciate the image—”
“When you came to that HYDRA base. And it was just me, you, and Bucky for a bit. And I could almost pretend… that everything was okay. That we’d be okay, and Bucky too. I said, I said,
“Speaking of which,” Tony continues, and Steve lifts his gaze. “I need you to do something for me.”
Steve’s not reassured.
“Fuck,” Tony says, grinding down on Steve and feeling him half-hard already. He braces himself on Steve’s stomach to rub against him more, but he’s just lying there, hands to his sides, and very, very still.
“You think I could get you pregnant again, hm? Would you do it, Tony? Would you have another child with me?”
“I know, I know, I… I don’t know. I’m nervous, I guess. A bit scared. Mostly, just nostalgic. I miss her. Do you ever miss your mom?”
“It was. But I don’t know if we would’ve worked well as a couple, if we could’ve… Sometimes, we were too much in sync. Only when I met Laura did I realize how much I liked to have my vision challenged by someone who had a completely different point of view on most things. Kept me quick-witted, kept me from making huge mistakes. I did the same for her. And Laura and I, we worked hard not to let our differences become incompatibilities.”
It’s Sharon.
“Alright.”
Tony’s eyes are unfocused; he’s thinking about something. Steve changes for bed and sits quietly next to Tony. The moon casts a weak light in the dark room, but Tony’s face is illuminated only by the glow of the arc reactor. Sharp edges, sharp shadows.
“You know when you listen to a song, and feel like it talks to you, that it’s about you in some way?”
He smiles. Tony smiles back.
Steve swallows, and it changes the tone of his voice. “We should’ve maybe… talked about it first. It felt right and I went with it but—”
, it’s all for him and him only; it’s the best part of Steve, the part that loves Tony), that helps him.
Sure. No problem.
“Steve!” Tony calls. “Don’t… don’t go.”
But the arc reactor sometimes sits heavy in his chest. After battles he doesn’t bounce back quite as fast. Bruises take more time to heal. He had to put extra neck support in the Iron Man suit, and he can’t eat whatever he wants to anymore. Does Tony Stark want an orange? Well then, Tony Stark had better be ready to deal with the heartburn that orange will give him for the next five fucking hours.
T'Challa steps in. “Not that this isn’t entertaining, but we really have to go.”
“She’s retired now. You google her or something?”
“Or at all.”
“Are you alright? Tony, I’m sorry—”
It makes him sick.
His hand closes around his dick and he moans, loud but somewhat restrained. Steve encourages him with his mind, sits back, and watches as Tony gives pleasure to himself.
He has taken so much from Tony already that he won’t ask for anything else than what Tony is willing to give.
Tony goes back outside and parks the car behind the hotel, in the spot reserved for him.
They clear the table after dinner, and Steve cuts even slices from the peaches and passes them along to Tony and Stella, only now and then taking one for himself.
The man is often rough with him, and not in the way Tony would normally enjoy. He’s violent, cruel. Selfish. Heartless.
“A dinosaur? A
And Steve wants to say no. No, actually, he knows he
“You didn’t love Dad?”
Anyway, seriously, it’s not that he’s avoiding Steve, it’s just that he’s… yep, totally avoiding Steve. So, yeah, he has to admit that deciding not to turn on his heels and go back to bed when he saw that the only other person in the gym was, in fact, Steve, has to be considered the latest immensely bad idea in a fairly long string of immensely bad ideas.
“I should sell this story to some cheap tabloid with no compunction about defacing the reputation of a national icon.”
They strip in the bathroom, clothes still half-wet and clinging to them, and enter the shower together, without even feeling the need to discuss it beforehand. There would be no point in it. Not anymore.
“And the real answer is around an hour. Probably. I think. I’ve never really tried to measure it.”
“Who... who’s gonna arrest us here?” Tony asks, incredulous at how ridiculous the joke is, but also amused by it.
“I was worried and I made the call, okay? And I like to think it was the right one, since you’re already awake. I know you don’t… You couldn’t consent to it and… You didn’t even want my shirt, for fuck’s sake, so I—”
the addition of the rocket-launching flying robot suit he occasionally used to engage terrorists with.
The bartender set another drink in front of Tony, which he took happily.  Another bartender had come over with her.
Suddenly Number Eighteen stepped out of line and hopped off the stage, too.  She was smiling but it was the nervous kind of panicked smile people get when they're about to cry.
The kitchen was, as expected, teeming with omegas. There was a few betas sprinkled amongst the chefs but every waiter and waitress was an omega. And when Steve stepped in behind the scenes they all turned to look at him. And they all looked
Thompson, actually," he said.  "Yes, I'd like to enroll my daughter in your school.  I was recommended by a Mr. Gene Bennett, perhaps you've heard of him?  ...he gave me Ms. Turner's card but, regrettably, I was unable to get more information from him... there was some unpleasant business that interrupted our conversation, you see."
a baby. Steve knew that.  He was consciously aware of it. But that didn't mean he would be prepared to get
But he wasn't.
"I'm heading down," Steve told them, catching Tony's gaze. Lawrence gave him a nod. People were beginning to file in, totally ignoring the sputtering Alphas in the lobby.
All the same, he got lamb chops instead of foie gras.
"...holy shit, I'm sorry... I swear, Steve, this has never happened before... it's your smell, I lo--"
"No. Dude. It's--"
He walked over to the omega and handed it to him, then crossed his arms over the hole in his chest.
"Yeah, actually, if you could put on these safety goggles..." began Tony, offering a pair to Steve.  "I need to do some jack hammering and I'd hate a shard of gravel to hit one of those pretty blue eyes.  I have a, uh, thing about shrapnel for some reason."  He tried to pretend he was joking.
"Mm-hm.  We've talked about maybe wrapping up the show for our thirtieth anniversary.  I don't need to point out that I'm getting on in years. We'd love if the network just made it
"No, no, no," said Richard reassuringly.  "Just helps you out a bit."
"...you can always wear scarves," suggested Tony softly as Dr. Gleason rose to get Steve a cup of tea.  "Or tell them that it's a remnant from your old bond but we're still just a pair, not a trio." He looked down.  "...or..." He cleared his throat uncomfortably, and his voice cracked a little. "...or you could just say, yeah, it's a trio, so what?  ...everyone would think that would be real ballsy for an omega. They'd attack me, not you. It wouldn't put back omega rights at all if you said that.  It would just make me look..." Tony trailed off.
"Looks like Waffles is getting creamed," observed one of the omegas mildly.
," he said to the head of GIGN.  "
Tony wasn't sure what prompted the following act of incredible stupid bravery, but he picked up a sheet of metal that had fallen off the car in front of him, stepped up behind the man, and swung it as hard as he could at the other's head.
friend and Tony wanted her to like him and approve of him on Steve's behalf.  He thought back to that picture on the fridge of her and Clint in front of the Washington Monument.  Clearly, the three of them had gotten pretty close since Steve was unfrozen.  She was a tough nut to crack but Tony had every intention of getting in the "in" group.
on a single person.  Thor's gotta be something bigger than just a guy.  Besides, all our current data indicates that code names in SHIELD are always doubt.  Think about it.  Captain America, Black Widow, Hawk Guy...  Besides, we know that SHIELD uses mythological names for their projects, remember Project Pegasus?  Yeah, I think Thor's gotta be a project.  Maybe a weapons program?"
Steve.
"Would you mind if I questioned your assistant, at least?" asked Coulson, staring pointedly at Steve.
Did he count Steve?
Steve had let Tony fall asleep because he was pretty sure the drive to Camp Pendleton was a straight shot south, and anyways, tt was good to see Tony getting some rest. He needed it. He never got enough sleep. Steve often ran on five hours at a time... but that was with the serum. And he wasn't forty, not that he would ever actually pull the age card with Tony. That would be unfair.
Steve trailed a finger down the curve of Tony's neck, eyes glazed over as he watched it. He blinked. He huffed out a soft breath. Maybe he should care more but all he really cared about right now was Tony, the way he felt inside of him and the way his hands felt on his waist. He shifted a little and grunted when Tony's cock twitched inside of him.
He wasn't sure where he would fit in, considering he'd pretty much invited himself along.  But it didn't matter. The nice thing about the suit was that it was multi-purpose.  It had a ton of features--  the augmented reality in the helmet's HUD would be useful for mapping out the inside of the base -- plus it was capable of brute-forcing its way through anything.  Doors, even walls, didn't really stop it. Nor did bullets, for that matter.
Tony went back to surveying the street from the balcony, but after only about ten minutes, he let himself back in.  He spent the next few hours pacing impatiently between the bed and the living room, making sure Steve was safe.  He choked down some food because he felt like he should and rummaged through the cupboards looking for alcohol.  None.  Goddamn it.  He'd never be able to fall back asleep without a nightcap.
else. They took my whole goddamn life.  My-- my past, and my mate.  And now they're coming after me, and they weren't shooting to kill. They wanted to
"For Banksy's birthday party, remember?" Steve filled in patiently. He honestly wasn't sure what kind of party to expect. He didn't imagine it would be like Tony's last birthday but he also couldn't see them all just sitting down for wine and cheese. Whatever happened, Steve was sure it would be interesting.  "
Steve stared back at him and smiled.  "Yeah," he repeated.  "...home."
"What?" Steve frowned. "God, no. He would never do that. Tony doesn't--" He sighed. "I'm not a commodity to Tony. I couldn't be with someone who thought I was. When I was...in Yemen, the Alpha took stuff from me when I was in an induced heat. Tony was torn up afterwards. He didn't deal with it well." Steve shrugged. "Neither did I."
Steve leaned his head against Bucky's shoulder as he cried silently, unsure what comfort he could offer him beyond this. When the other asked about his arm again, he wanted to cry himself.
"But when omegas are in heat they
The moment they walked backstage it was chaos.  Tony and Steve were both immediately accosted by a couple of hairdressers.
"I didn't even notice all my fans were Alphas until you pointed it out.  I work with Alphas, I went to basically an all-Alpha school... I just... never noticed.  Because, y'know, they were all like me."  Tony shrugged a little.  He couldn't even begin to imagine what life for Steve was like after the serum.  Being an omega in an Alpha-dominated sector of society, the military... looking like an Alpha but smelling like an omega... it must have been hard.  Hard in a way Tony would never fully be able to relate to.
"I'm going to turn in early," said Tony, untangling himself from Steve.  "I'm on a health kick for the next week to make sure I pass that SHIELD field test with flying colors.  Don't worry, though, I'm over chlorophyll smoothies," he added with a grin.  One week of rest and healthy eating and training... it wasn't a lot of time but it was better than nothing.  Tony had every intention of going in there and giving them hell.
"We do," Steve assured her coolly. "We're getting the kids out. Can he walk?" He asked, jerking his head towards the 'beta' in the bed.
"C'mon.  You can be on Cooper's team, and I'll pair up with Nat and Lila... you ever been ice skating?  The pond's frozen over, and let me tell you, Natasha is
"My sweet omega," murmured Tony longingly, looking into Steve's eyes.  Steve was blushing, looking uncharacteristically bashful; Tony closed his eyes and nuzzled his cheek, burying himself into Steve, his hips stuttering as he climaxed.  "
Eric blinked, clearly a bit surprised at the eye contact.  His eyes went back to Tony's and he answered the question as if Tony had asked it.  "Omegas, obviously."
"Quite," Alexander hummed, his eyes narrowing a fraction.
a good omega. He really was.
Sam lowered his goggles again; two guards were strolling toward them.  "Tony," he hissed.
!-- last night.  Couldn't even remember the guy's name.  Sean? Mike? Something really basic like that.  He knew they'd talked about DeSoto but he couldn't for the life of him discern why he would be interested.  DeSoto wasn't his type. Whatever had intrigued him the night before was lost now.
There wasn't, to Tony's knowledge, any equivalent on an Alpha's body that had quite the same effect.
Pepper was sitting in their living room, gathering up some research proposals; she looked up and her brow furrowed.
When Steve slammed into Pietro it hurt. He hadn't seen the omega get in front of them; Pietro had simply suddenly been there and there had been no time to avoid slamming into him.  He hadn't broken anything but he had certainly hurt the other and his left ankle throbbed in a way it shouldn't. The other omega seemed in a much worse way than him. Steve felt bad but he also couldn't afford the other coming after him.
He leaned over to retch again, the sudden loneliness of it, the disorientation of no longer feeling Steve...
"I think we need to do a scan, and find out whether your body kept the bond, in
Tony snorted.  "I hate to admit it but this guy's hilarious," he muttered to Steve.
To his credit, he got halfway through before he set down the burger, unbuckled his seat belt, and curled up in Steve's lap.
, anyway.  It had already occurred to Tony that, back in the 1930s, when Steve was only 95 pounds, he would have felt a lot like those women.  And Tony had to admit, he understood why Steve hadn't been mated.  He would have been terrified to mate Steve if he were little and sick.  Mating was rough and raw and it would be easy to hurt-- hell, even to kill-- him.  Fortunately, Tony had only ever known Steve like this.  His natural fury toward Steve's old Alpha prevented him from feeling too much sympathy for him.
Pepper offered them a tight smile.
On the morning of Tony's psych evaluation, Steve made Tony waffles in bed with strawberries and Nutella (Steve freakin' loved Nutella; it was one of the better inventions of the last sixty-five years, in his opinion.)  He made him extra-strong coffee too.  Colombian. He brought everything in on a tray and caught Tony as he was getting out of the shower.
He turned bright red.
"Text me when you're in the taxi."
His erection flagged at the mention of Bucky and Steve sighed. "Please don't mention him when you're..."
Most of the rash around it had faded away.  He pulled the reactor away, careful not to yank on the wires trailing into his chest, and swiped around inside his chest.  Some clear discharge, but nothing rancid like the stuff that used to come out of the one with the palladium core.  He flicked the goo off of his fingers and examined the device.  It was glowing steadily and the particle ring looked clean and shiny.
"Geez," he whispered running a hand over his face. "
it felt so good. It like Steve was made just for this, his body accepting him like it
"I'm Tony.  ...I guess you all, uh, knew that already, since my mate's on the news and stuff."
"Justin, I will cut off your head and pee down your neck."
now?  I would've thought you were happy being Tony's... what, secretary?"
"You wanna order dinner?" he asked Tony around seven. Steve looked up and trailed his fingers along his Alpha's jaw. "Your work going well?"
"It hurts," said Bucky.  "It hurts to be alone. I feel... I feel like... like I lost something.  Like I'm not whole. Like an amputee."
The girl obeyed.
...that was more than okay, actually.
"Not now, Happy!" snapped Pepper, tearing a piece of cloth off the arm of her dress and dumping a bottle of water on it.  She pressed it onto Tony's head.  "Tony, calm down, you're fine... you just need to relax, okay, everything is taken care of..."
Steve shivered as Tony peeled away the last of his clothes. He curled into his touches, his eyes glazed over as he tried to track his Alpha's movements. But it was hard. He felt fuzzy at his fingertips and toes. It was like he was floating.
DeSoto looked so goddamn helpful, just waiting for Tony's approval. It was grim.
"Uh, I guess.  Is it Alphas-only?" asked Tony.
Steve hesitated.
!"  Tony hated the idea of them thinking he was gay.  He'd gone to an all-boys high school and had never felt a thing for any of his peers.  Except maybe Ty, a little bit, right before he'd disappeared.  But in Tony's defense, Ty had been an omega.
James's partner jumped into the fray and a moment later Tony, Pitbull, and both omegas were a mass of flailing limbs.
"Okay..." whispered Tony, copying Steve's breaths.  The two of them lay there, Tony letting Steve's hands soothe him.  They felt cool on his face.
," added Dr. Brennan.  "It would, I think, be encouraging to see you rushing into a support group, instead of another conflict."
The asset didn't move.
Phil gave one of his rare smiles and Steve knew what he was thinking of.  His own escape, if you could call it that.
"What is it?" Steve asked. Seven almost blushed.
"He had two brothers that died in the war, and one sister."
"I'll go pull a car up outside the entrance," Natasha offered quietly and then slipped away. Steve nodded in thanks.
And shoot him he did.  But it wasn't with a bullet.
Steve's phone pinged; Tony reached for it.
"Maybe we could... could go on a date tomorrow Buck," Steve said, his voice thick. "Yeah. Tomorrow. That'll be perfect. I'll wear blue, you like it when I wear blue, don't you?" His bottom lip trembled.
"--they must still be in the stairwell. I can't see them exiting at any point. Chances of the Winter Soldier getting hostile with us?"
Another song started up, and Tony grabbed Steve again.  He glanced over; Pepper and Happy were dancing with each other, talking and smiling.  Tony frowned a little.
"Tony still asleep?"
"I-- I don't know, 'cause I didn't know who else to call.  He just-- he
He guessed he was supposed to play bad cop for the time being, if he was a 'bad omega' too.
He left the face plate off for now.  Augmented reality was nice but was impractical indoors.
Tony blinked as Pepper took his wrist, pulled off his mismatched watch, and replaced it with her own.  Pepper had been wearing a man's watch for years because Tony often failed to match his watches; they swapped accessories often.
Steve pulled a face of confusion and just sat there dumbly before he realized he could feel something warm and wet on his neck. He lifted a hand up and it came back red. Huh. His brow furrowed. Had Tony really done that?
"No."
"Not yet.  Hunger can be an excellent motivation.  Maybe give them some water in the morning, if you have time."
"...maybe HYDRA is trying to make him go crazy," said Tony.  "Maybe their plan is to get him so fucked up in the head that he goes to them willingly."
"I won't give you what you want," said Steve, who did not know what they wanted.  "I would sooner die."
He practically shouted the other's name, hips stuttering as he came.  He grabbed Steve's ass, pulling him down with a strength he didn't know he possessed, wiggling into the omega, needing to empty his seed as deep as possible into him.
Pepper and Steve headed upstairs, his mind confused as to what this could possibly be about. "Is everything okay?" he asked tentatively as they stepped into his and Tony's bedroom. "Aside from the usual, I mean.  ...you said everything was okay, earlier."
"Fuck... call Gleason... can we get, like, twenty Plan Bs or something?" asked  Tony in alarm. "Fuck, fuck, fuck... why are you so
Tony hated that he found her attractive.
The keypad flashed red.
"Yes, well, considering he underwent nearly five years of experimental chemical treatments and an arvicolinectomy, I don't doubt it."
Clint was watching him curiously. "You're not freaking about this as much as you thought you would."
And the crowd was at it again.
Tony's face broke into a grin.  "Yeah. I got all the classics and you're gonna sit through every single one.  Starting with ones from your era. Miracle on 34th Street, 1947. It's a Wonderful Life, 1946.  Then the ones from mine. A Christmas Story was '83... oh, and I've got Nightmare Before Christmas, you'll like that one.  Plus Grinch, Elf, and Home Alone. All necessary viewing."
Nick exhaled loudly. "I need you to do something for me."
Panic was setting in, hard.  He'd spent all day ignoring the panic flowing through him and now Steve showed up, covered in blood--
For Tony, who viewed the world as an elaborate equation, the temptation to count them had been enormous.  But this was his one, small act of defiance, of defining his abuse in a way that made him feel like he had some small bit of control over it.  They had made their tally as a reminder. Tony refused to be remained. He refused to quantify it. To him, numbers were an irresistible comfort, a constant certainty that never wavered.  But in this one, single instant in his life, he refused to acknowledge the numerical fact of what had happened. He had called them chicken pox scars so many times that he almost believed it himself.
"...you don't meant Dr. Robert Bruce Banner, the famous nuclear physicist and biochemist?"
"No.  No, you're right, Tony.  I was mad at you but you couldn't have done anything.  We were only teens. The important thing is that we're finally exposing the camps once and for all, and having them shut down."
"Turns out, they're not," said Tony, his face breaking into a grin.  "Thinking you're dying... it kind of makes you go a little crazy."  He squeezed Steve's hands.  "Any room you want," he added, growing serious again.  He hadn't expected such an intense response, but Steve looked shocked in a good way.  "Seriously, I have five bedrooms, plus the master... just pick out one.  We'll convert it into a studio.  We'll stock it together, you can go crazy."
"...it's fucked up, isn't it?  But at least it seems like this is sort of... an underground culture.  Y'know, like white supremacists," said Tony. "Hey, Jorge, you want the rest of these beers?"  He held up the six-pack.
Tony's stomach turned a little and he hoped Steve hadn't seen those.
Steve could feel Tony nerves even though he wasn't show any. It was quite impressive, really. He certainly wasn't that good of an actor himself. He slipped forward, leaving Nat and Sam to talk about...something. Steve reached up to squeeze his shoulders briefly. "You've got this, okay?" he whispered, voice sincere as he tilted his head.
," said Lila, pointing to the back of the dinosaur's neck and then hitting Natasha over the head with it.  Natasha winced a little but made no move to remove the child from her shoulders. She had an expression on her face that Steve recognized.  It was the same one Tiberius had gotten when holding one of the Walker babies.
"Sorry.  I should have come to bed.  I wasn't tired and then I just sorta... well... fell asleep."
When Tony offered it to him Steve didn't want to touch it. Jesus. He needed to pull it together. He was going to have to wear the damn thing. Could Lydia sense his hesitation?
"I kinda wish you hadn't just called for someone else to walk into this room now. That's about the goddamn sweetest thing anyone's ever said to me," Steve murmured, voice thick and longing. His body wanted to respond to all that praise- and not through words. But he wasn't about to risk someone walking whilst he was riding Tony's-
"You're not
The peacefulness was being interrupted, however, by a low rumble.  Tony looked up and sure enough, there was a helicopter. Tony's house wasn't situated under any particular areas of sky traffic; in fact, bordered as it was by conserved wildlife areas, the only real traffic he ever saw was for him personally.  (To that end, he had a helicopter pad on the estate, and why not? He flew often enough.)
to you?  We don't even have to talk about Stark, if you don't want to.  But we're worried about you."  A pause.  "As friends," she added.  Steve knew that for Natasha, such statements carried a lot of weight; she didn't trust easily and she reserved actual friendship for a very, very elite few.
He focused on his cigarette for a moment.  The smell carried a lot of associations and none of them made sense.  He remembered smoking out of a window the morning before his deployment, feeling scared, not for himself, not really, but for his omega, who was small and weak and sick.  But to Buck's knowledge, he didn't have an omega, or maybe his omega was dead or something.  And he remembered smoking in the snow, shivering, a man speaking Russian to him, but he didn't speak Russian and had never been to Russia so that made no sense.  And he remembered an Alpha holding him down, pinning him, a burning on the back of his neck... but he was an Alpha himself and the idea of being mated was nutty.
"Yeah," Steve said. "Better than we've been in a while actually. It's nice. I mean, we've come a long way, you know?"
get us out of here!"
"Hiya.  Can you get this bad boy open for me?  I need to weld something," said Tony, relaxing a little and gesturing to the wrench.  He glanced at his watch; it was just past 6 am.
Tony let himself get sucked into the crowd immediately.  It was an eclectic mix of older Alphas (Boswell's friends) and younger omegas, many of them SA activists, at least one of whom Tony was pretty sure had kicked him outside of the AU conference.  There were also lots of people from Banksy's studio, and famous singers and actors, and other talkshow hosts. Tony got himself a martini and managed to shoulder into a conversation among three drop-dead gorgeous women, two betas and one omega.  He spotted, among the crowd, Boswell, looking tired, and Tectonic with his brothers, involved in a heated conversation with a fourth man who Tony was pretty sure was Usher.
Tony found he didn't know what to say.  If Steve was still there and still conscious, this would be the first time they'd spoken for two months.
"And Granite is... what is she?"
Dr. Brennan and Dr. Brazinski both looked at Steve pointedly.  Tony had just accidentally illustrated their point perfectly. Worse, it wasn't yet noon.
He went to the bathroom, a bit embarrassed about the hair-ruffle, and began aggressively brushing his teeth.  One hour? Tony could be ready way before that. He was in and out of the shower within five minutes; he put in his contacts and gave his beard a quick trim.  It occurred to him that he didn't need the contacts since he'd be in the helmet most of the night. Oh, well.
Pepper remained quiet, waiting patiently. Aria had worked herself up into quite a state.
Tony sat on the edge of the bed with Steve and held his hand, looking away, feeling uncomfortable.
Tony half-led and half-dragged Steve out of the room.  He didn't say a word as they took the elevator down to the parking garage where Happy was waiting; he only spoke once they were in the car and the doors were closed.
"Fine," Steve told her.
"I am.  A pleasure.  I hope you had a pleasant trip?"
"That's it. Just breathe," he soothed in a whisper as Tony's chest began rising and falling at a far more normal rate. "Just breathe for me. It's gonna be okay, I promise," Steve promised and gave him a captain level serous look. Timidly he tilted his head up to kiss him slowly, hoping that might help drag Tony from out of his own head. The man got lost in his own train of thought so easily.
Pietro was used to Alphas talking about omegas like this, like they were unruly children, and aside from a mild sense of irritation, it didn't really affect him much.  He was more interested in Bucky's reaction. He'd heard the clip of Steve saying he was force-bonded at least a half-dozen times; it was splashed all over the headlines.  And he couldn't get the image of his head of the wall, smeared with blood, the one where Steve had written, bold and sharp:
"Good to know."
serious. Especially not whilst they were still stuck together.
"We had suspicions," said Natasha.
"It's a huge,  life-changing decision," Danielle hummed, smoothly cutting in. "Sometimes people don't make the right decision for them because of societal pressures. It's about giving people a safe space to ensure that doesn't happen."
"Mm'wake," mumbled Tony groggily.  Fuck. The pills had done a number on him.
Coulson led them down a corridor of doors, all of them unmarked and locked with what appeared to be a retina scanner.  Tony was disappointed he didn't get to see a scanner in action; the door to the boardroom that Coulson led them into was not protected.
"No?! What do you mean,
. But it had felt so
Tony walked over to open the balcony door.  The moment he did, instinct took over. Sam was an Alpha, Sam
turning into your father, Tony.  You getting soft?  Getting into omega rights now?  ...wow, that is something.  ...that's cute.  Okay, I'll see you soon, buddy, at the Expo, right?  Put me in for a Saturday slot.  Thanks, Tony. Ciao!"
It was her, Pepper's, and Aria's hope that, thanks to his metabolism, Steve would sober up rapidly.  Perhaps it was wishful thinking. All three of them were aware that Steve, drunk, had the potential to be dangerous and that if he didn't want to be controlled, it would be impossible to do so.  Fortunately he seemed pliable, at least for now. With Tony's attention back on him, he was his usual self. But having no idea what he'd taken or how much he'd had, Tony's entourage was wary.
"I'll leave you my contact details before I go," Gleason reassured Steve . "In case you're worried about anything in the future."
Banksy tugged his hair out of its tie, shook it out, and then re-tied it into its usual neat little ponytail; Boswell had retreated into the house and most of his older Alpha friends had long since disappeared.
"It's near Cuba, apparently. Off the coast on a tiny island, or something. It's in a forest, I know that... hey.  Are you okay?" Steve said, waiting with concern as a frown found its way into Tony's features.  Steve reached forward and brushed his fingers against Tony's forearm. "You look like you're kind of drifting away on me here," he murmured and brushed his fingers back over his arm. "You know I've done this a hundred times over before, right? We'll be home in twenty four hours time and having post-mission shenanigans..."
Steve's words were reverberating through his head.  Hadn't Steve said he was a shitty Alpha or was that a false memory?  Hadn't Steve said that he couldn't feel him anymore, or was
Another wave of panic seized him and his good arm got goosebumps.  He gritted his teeth but that made them hurt.  Dr. Liebmann had warned him off solid foods for at least a week. If he could have anything, it would have been human company.  He didn't mind being ignored; he would have just liked someone to be in the room with him.  Being alone was terrible.  He would have even preferred to be with Dr. Liebmann, who patted his head a lot and talked directly to him, which almost made up for the excruciating pain of surgery.  But no one needed him right now so he was by himself.  He lay on his cot, clutching the picture of Captain America, being careful not to crinkle the glossy magazine page, and stared at the ceiling, alone, waiting for it to pass.
"...Steve?"
"We have the best scientists in the world working on this."
"Awesome," the edge of her lips quirked up in the hint of a genuine smile. "I guess one pro of being with Tony Stark is that he knows what he's doing."
"I'm guessing Tony isn't happy.  Well, neither is Steve- and they both need each other right now. So Tony walking out wasn't the
He slid back up, pulling Steve's cock back into his mouth and glancing up at him.  Steve was clinging to the edge of the table hard enough to maybe break it. They broke a lot of furniture.
felt like there was something on the other side of it, looking right back at him. Steve thought about the space window. Was it... was it still there? Maybe if they threw it against the wall?
"Sorry!" Tracy said, looking a little meek as she sipped at her drink.
"...aw, c'mon, Tony, she said not to tell you, she said you'd throw a tantrum--"
Every time he'd killed someone, he'd lost a tiny piece of his humanity.
Natasha rolled her eyes at the exercise.  Tony seemed to just be saying random words that started with the same letter as Steve's name, but Sam seemed intensely invested in prying something out of him.
"Are they working?"
"...hm," repeated Rhodes.  "Virginia, hand me that glass of water," he said, gesturing to a glass of clear liquid on Tony's desk.
"He never sees the doctor. The first time he replaced the arc reactor, he made me reach into his chest and do it myself," reported Pepper.
"Probably trying to figure out how to work his GPS.  He was born in nineteen-eighteen, you know," said Tony.  Everyone chuckled.
and if you really want me to leave then I will. But I can feel what you're feeling, Tony, and I know that isn't what you want."  He let out a shuddering breath. "I know the biology of
. Nat didn't need to know about that.
"Hey everyone!  I hope you're having a great time--" called Taylor Swift from the stage; everyone yelled and held up glasses of champagne.  "--and had a great 2010! I know next year's going to be even better. Grab a glass and someone you love, because it's nearly time!"
"I thought we weren't bonded! It frankly wasn't anyone's business." Steve moved to get on his bike. Natasha sighed; it had taken him ages to open up about it in the first place. She knew he hated talking about it. For Steve it was embarrassing, even though it shouldn't be. "Sorry," said Steve grumpily as he threw a leg over the seat of the motorcycle.  "I didn't mean to snap at you."
No... he didn't like Alphas.
"Which is odd, considering how
Tony pulled on one of Steve's shirts (too big, but God, it smelled amazing), let himself out of the apartment and walked down the hall to the guy who had been smoking.
DeSoto looked at Steve with a sad expression as Tony gently put an arm around Steve's waist and tried to lead him away.  "C'mon... don't say anything... c'mon... just come..." muttered Tony out of the corner of his mouth.
"Yes," Aria said, shoving a water bottle into his hand. Steve took it and downed it heavily and Aria tutted when some of it got onto his jacket. It would dry before he had to go out on stage anyway. He was practically shaking with excitement.
"I'm cold, Pepper.  I'm so fucking cold."
Steve struggled against him, bracing his good leg against him with his boot against his stomach. But still the man stood strong. Steve fought against his metal arm as he pressed the forearm on his neck. It was cold and heavy and soon he was struggling to breathe again. He stuttered, fingers scrabbling...for something. Steve could hear Fury shouting in the background, Kate shouting too. Why weren't they shooting? What was wrong? Were they scared of hurting Steve? Because, ha... it would be a little late for that.
It wasn't a baby, he wanted to say.  It was a
Tony watched him stand up.  He had questions, like what the fuck to do if Steve turned into Bucky again.  But he didn't know how to ask them so he let Gleason leave.
"...they're gonna come here," said Tony softly, setting his chin on Steve's head.  "We're gonna stay in for a few days, okay?  You let Aria do the work, handle the pres.  You just relax, okay?"
had been chosen because it was perfectly in the middle and the hosts were a bonded pair.  Their Christmas special the previous year had gotten 6.2 million viewers. Pepper and Aria had been running promos and analyzing numbers for weeks, trying to get everything in order.  Tony's primary contribution had been to promise Pepper that he'd pick out a tie to wear. (Actually he still hadn't done that.)
"Just let me see it," begged Clint.
Steve blinked and looked up at Bucky with wide eyes. He'd said that, before but not to Bucky.  To Tony.  What the hell? He stilled. His mind was racing. He couldn't think straight. He shook his head.
"...if you wore a collar, I'd bite that," he said, almost like an afterthought.
The colonel shrugged. "He had to be sedated, like the agent said."
.  I forbid it.  I don't know what crazy ideas these idiots have been filling your mind with, but the idea of someone like
"Tony... Tony, you could have been killed."
Tony ran his good foot up Steve's leg.  "Dunno why you ended up with me, I'm a mess... but I'm glad... you make me... better."  Tony sighed a little, fingers trailing across the surface of the water.  "JARVIS," he demanded suddenly.  "Is there anyone other than me and Steve on the estate right now?"
They were still holding hands, fingers linked together over the middle seat.
George set the phone down and everyone let out a collective sigh of relief. "We did it. I'll set something up, but you need an Alpha to be there."
"Honest is the best policy," agreed Tony.  He didn't believe that at all, but he wanted Steve to know he was going to be supportive if Steve chose to trash-talk the president.
would be unimaginable.
. And you wearing a collar too Tony, fantastic! You played it
mad at him.  He was plenty mad.  He was mad at the way Bucky ignored him, the way Bucky never wore his helmet, the way Bucky flirted with girls all the time even when he knew Steve was watching.  He was mad, and he had every right to be.
quick on his feet," Tiberius said. "They weren't after you--"
Aria threw a cushion at him.  The two laughed.
"I think it's in our best interest to explore this further," said Coulson coolly.  "One omega to another, Captain, you understand you're at an increased risk in the field.  The simulation is not
"Oh," said Tony.
Tony finally caught it.  There was a long horizontal scar on her neck.  Faint, thin, surgical. She was wearing perfume.  And Tony suddenly remembered Lydia and realized that this woman was not a beta at all.  She was an omega. Or at least... she had been, once.
"Morgan, I don't--"  Tony couldn't bring himself to say he didn't want her.  Instead, he got up, grabbed his clothes, and left.
A woman slithered over the counter toward  Steve. "Did you say you broke an Alpha's nose?  Was that after the serum? Dish!" she demanded, eyes sparkling with mischief.
Tony sighed.  At least people were happy about their bond.  At least people still liked Steve.
They are on a secondary road, cutting in the middle of the countryside. Trees are lined up on the edge of the road, a sunflower field separates them from the woods far up on the hill. The sun is almost gone, but the sky is still blue and pink and orange; there’s still enough light to see.
Tony opens and closes his mouth a few times, but nothing comes out. Steve gives him time to adjust. It’s beautiful, watching his face while he conquers this.
Tony kisses back.
But this. This goes beyond being a hero, beyond being generous.
He thinks about Tony’s smile in the sun, his clever eyes, the faint wooden scent of his expensive soap, his sweat—coconut. His hair, his beard, his hands. His hips.
“I’ll PayPal you five thousands Euros, right now, if you give me that bottle of scotch,” he says to the barista, pointing at the shelf behind him.
He doesn’t have the strength to do anything about it. Even if he could.
He dries off when he’s calmed down. He dresses quickly once he’s back in the bedroom. He sits on his side of the bed and shivers and cries.
“Let me… yes, a lab accident, when I was experimenting to fit the armor into these tiny strips of metal there was…. an accident.”
“Have I ever told you that I love you, like, a lot?”
“Wait,” Tony said. “Why did you tell me?”
Breakfast is slow and quiet. Steve swallows his usual preposterous amount of raw eggs, and three croissants, while Tony nips idly at his own and lazily taps on his tablet.
Someone—god, the lurch of rage inside Steve’s stomach, the rightful bile of a scorned Alpha—someone dared to put their filthy, vile hands on Tony, and hurt him.
“We said—
“No problem. I’m glad I could.”
Steve steps out of the bathroom, already dressed. He looks at Tony sitting on the floor.
Tony stares into Steve’s eyes for longer than he probably should. He’s never seen him more determined.
“The rest was just… fake blood.”
We never see these men again.
“People care
“Thank you,” he whispers.
“How old are you?”
Tony’s cock goes soft and slips out of Steve’s mouth, Steve feels Tony flinch and he looks up at him, worried. Tony is crying.
Tony checks on Maria while he’s still pressing a wet towel to his ass.
Stella takes it from Tony’s hand with trembling fingers. She falls back on her chair heavily, gracelessly, like when you cut the strings of a puppet, lifeless—but just for a moment.
“Can we get to work? Steve’s gonna be back in a couple of hours.”
“Here, take these,” Tony calls as he leans down to drop a few cherries in Steve’s cupped hands. When Steve’s hands are full Tony climbs down the tree, jumping to cover the last few feet.
“No,” Tony lets out a deep sigh. “You don’t need to apologize for that.”
“James Rupert Rhodes.”
“I do, Tony, I do. You took out that guy that was shooting at me, remember?”
Tony, existing, here, now.
“That we should’ve broken the bond, but then if we had we wouldn’t be here now, and—”
“Okay, I’d better... sorry, I, uh... thank you—“
He leans in.
Steve falls to his knees on the blanket. Tony stares at him.
“This is when Zio Leonardo took us to the beach. We had so much fun that day…”
“I want to. I want to, if you let me. Please, just... just let me help you.”
There’s a bottle of Scotch next to him, which has been opened, and a half-empty glass from Stella’s kitchen.
“It’s over. Let go.”
God, he’s so tired.
“Just cleaning up my own messes.”
“No. But I’d like you to tell me if you’re already sure that you won’t.”
They wait for it to cool, and then cut a tiny slice into little pieces. Maria brings them to her mouth all by herself.
Steve looks down at him curiously when he feels him moving, and Tony closes his eyes and shakes his head as minutely as possible, then sends something serene across the bond.
Tony.
“I’m sure about this. If there’s one thing I’m sure of, is this. Let me say it. Let me.”
“I looked up the lyrics. Made me think about you.”
“I almost told you. While you were…” Steve gestures between them, lets the back and forth motion of his fingers say
, until-
Steve doesn’t exactly look happy, but he seems to be serene, more than earlier. He stares at the walls, the stones, the old well in the middle of the piazza, the little baptismal font inside the tiny church, the inscription with the verses of Dante’s
Tony swallows, nods. “Remind me to take a pic of that later, and send it to T'Challa,” he says, pointing at the page with his equations.
He finds Tony sitting on a stone bench under the holm oak tree. He’s soaking wet.
“Wow. You’ve thought about this a lot.”
By six in the morning they’re usually both awake. Steve doesn’t need much sleep thanks to the serum, and for Tony it’s more a mixture of lifelong bad habits and age. Steve likes to start the day by sucking Tony off, likes to have the ghost of Tony’s taste down his throat for the rest of the day. This, too, needs to be slow, Tony needs time to get hard(
He wishes he could be somewhere else, alone.
“I am. I really am, I... thank you, for this.” Tony’s hand is resting on the table, and Steve covers it with his own.
“Nat—”
But he doesn’t do any of that.
Minutes. They stretch and feel like years.
“It’s better like this, anyway,” he continues. “The thought of doing it with anyone else… I don’t want anyone else.”
, but—”
“Just… look down at yourself for a moment, please?” he asks, so gentle Tony wants to cry, and he looks at himself and he sees—
“Is it… Does it hurt?”
“Yeah, it... what Ultron did wasn’t your fault. Sokovia is not on you. But, yeah. You should’ve said something. I just... I blame myself for... I wish we were closer, back then, I wish, I wish we felt safe telling such things to each other.”
Tony pulls out of him; Steve sits up on his elbows, and a second later Tony is coming all over his face in hot spurts that hit Steve’s beard and his tongue, because there’s no way he’s keeping his mouth shut for this. He strokes himself to a second orgasm while Tony’s come is still dripping from his chin down on his chest.
Tony is touching Steve’s arm. Clutching it, really. Steve reaches for him under the water, circles his waist with his arm and pulls him close. Tony hoists himself up, wraps his legs around Steve’s hips and touches his face, his thumbs stroking the skin just below Steve’s eyes. Steve holds him up with a hand on his back, but the water is doing most of the work.
“It’s fucked up, that I have to keep up this fake image but… I can’t think of ever going out there without this particular armor. Feed my real self to those sharks, I can’t do it.”
In the kitchen, Stella is cutting twine off of a piece of beef with a long knife. Tony smiles at her.
Then, she began to eat the food in her plate.
“Can you promise me again,” Tony asks.
“Sì. Ma è un segreto che sono qui. Segretissimo. Non possiamo dirlo a nessuno.”
as a person, sometimes even as a hero. And you don’t get to take that away from me. You don’t get to do that, Cap.”
It’s a Friday night.
, so… so he faked his death. He’s not, uh… he’s not really dead—Steve are you alright?”
“Yeah, I don’t do it often. Don’t have the time. Or the reason.”
Tony nods.
, the way it feels to have an open bond inside your head... To have someone understand everything you feel, bit by excruciating bit. But what surprises Tony now is having Steve look at that side of his mind that he always kept hidden. He can already predict Steve recoiling in horror, making up an excuse to leave, asking him to break the bond.
“I know, I know.”
He opens the sketchbook and takes a loose piece of paper from it. He holds it out for Tony to take it.
, Tony thinks.
The sky is too big.
Tony leaves his baby asleep in his room, and goes downstairs to meet him.
He waits until the last possible moment to lift his head and look at Steve.
“I told her some... bad things after she let you and Bucky go, and—”
His eyes adjust. And he understands where he is, and what the shape in front of him is.
He reaches for that place inside him where he keeps the hope that Tony will forgive him, taps at it to try and remind himself why he’s here, why he’s doing this, what he wants—and that
Steve leans backwards, takes Tony’s face into his hands and tips it up. Tony closes his eyes, he can’t look at him right now. Steve strokes Tony’s cheekbone with his thumb.
“Thank you,” he says when Tony’s finished, and they sit at the kitchen table. “Can you tell someone to take care of my clothes later in the morning? They’re in the washing machine.”
—way they can be together.
Tony’s about to cry.
One last goodbye. Kissing his daughter’s hair one last time, watching her smile. Telling her she’s smart and perfect and beautiful, and to keep her eyes sharp. To be brave, always. To stand up for what’s right, like his mom taught Steve a century ago.
Fuck, fuck—
“Let’s go see Piazza delle Sorgenti.”
“No typos. Just…”
Sharon. Right.
Tony asks his question and Steve feels, somewhat, wounded.
Steve let out a long breath and nodded. "Yeah. Sure. Just don't tell me how many people are watching."
"Hey... hey hey hey... Steve... Steve, come back to me, I'm here, I got you... Steve... Steve. "
"Ugh.  So awful," said Hal.  Everyone nodded gravely.
"If you two are planning to go down to Limehouse, I'd recommend taking the tube," he said casually.  "It's just due east of here... Oxford Circus station's about two blocks south."
Her thoughts turned to Tony, the way he'd eyeballed Jeanette, and she sighed.  Tony was a lot of things but she'd learned
"Yes.  It concerns Captain Rogers' heat and some new SHIELD intelligence."
Pepper's short reply was simple but it meant everything.
The ugly, unfamiliar mark on Steve's neck.  The terrible feeling in his heart.
"And what happens if I resist arrest?" Steve asked, raising a brow.
She blinked, suddenly remembering her role, and turned to Steve.  "What'll you have, Captain?"
"Was his first name Charles?"
"How in the hell would HYDRA magically get into my brain and mix up one of their assasins with my ma-- with Bucky?" demanded Steve.  "And why would Bucky even be-- he's
The lab was as clean as an operating room.  Tony settled into a chair and let the technicians buzz around him.
Pepper looked up and made eye contact with him, blinking.  Her gaze softened as she reached up to fix his hair. (Tony had, in a very short amount of time, managed to get it messy again, even though he'd done nothing more than jog down the stairs.)  "Tony. I want to spend Christmas Eve with my family this year. And you should spend it with yours."
But instead of commenting, she'd said, "I talked to Aria.  You and Steve need to give a quick soundbite.  Nothing fancy, nothing special.  It can be from home.  People are scared.  Just show them you're okay, say that you dealt with the situation, and that everything is under control."
me to admit that."
He wasn't sure who was more shocked: him, or the headmaster.  For someone like Tony, who wasn't very dominant, this man was incredibly powerful and normally Tony would have been naturally and instinctively inclined to act submissively around him, especially now, when the man was yelling at them and his hackles were barely being kept down.  Maybe it was his casual use of the word "spade" in a room full of children and omegas, or maybe Tony had just had enough.
It was quiet for a little while. The room filled only with the sounds of their breathing. Steve didn't open his eyes.
Tony looked over at Steve, chewing on his lip.  "Well, if Steve wants to, I'm game." He leaned in to nuzzle Steve's neck.  Steve smelled strongly from his run... not bad, just Steve-like. Except that Steve still smelled
And also, Tony took some comfort in what Steve had said about sex.  So Bucky definitely hadn't mated him, hadn't touched him. Good.
"Director Fury is busy with Project PEGASUS."
you wouldn't be trying to hide all this. This is stupid. They're here to talk to me in heat and I'm supposed to pretend I'm not gonna have sex for the next couple of days?"
"Yeah....yeah if you tell me. Sure Buck," Steve whispered, feeling his cheeks grow hot. He hated himself for doing it but he knew what he had to do.
Then she went home for Christmas (home was in Connecticut) and Tony spent Christmas by himself, getting slowly trashed, which is how he remained through New Year.  He wasn't sure how to ask Steve, or for that matter Pepper, what they'd do for Christmas eve this year. Tony hadn't even realized how much the tradition meant to him until he started considering what the year would feel like without it.  He kept hoping Pepper would bring it up so he wouldn't have to.
"Steve?  Does she have a nice memorial?" asked Tony quietly.  "We could get one now, if she doesn't. A headstone. You're not poor anymore, now."
Tony's comm crackled and Steve's voice came in.
"When's your shift end?" asked Tony, ignoring the question.
They finally moved to a table. It was a corner booth, so more privacy. The waiter recognized them and gave them complementary breadsticks which Steve immediately tucked into. Natasha was quietly drinking her drink; she looked angry still in a pensive sort of way. At Steve, probably. Maybe Tony too. Steve wasn't sure anymore. It was the look she'd wear just after landing his ass on a gym mat: one of pure concentration.
Tony got up off the couch and walked back into the kitchen.  Considering the shock of Monaco and his party and the whole nearly-dying-of-a-poisoned-chest-implant, maybe he was overthinking things.  Maybe he was just high on life.  Yeah.  That was probably it.  Probably, any omega would drive him crazy right now.  He was just a little shell-shocked.  Surely everything would right itself in a few days.  In the meantime, why not have fun?
Congrats to those of you who guessed Trickshot's identity.  Unfortunately you win no prizes.
!" cried Tony, perking up.  "From the convention!"
Tony cried out with pleasure as Steve began riding him. He was hesitant at first, but within moments, he was riding Tony's cock like a porn star, working his knot, moaning lustfully, his erection dragging across Tony's stomach.  Tony watched the omega eagerly impale himself, his face flushed, biting his lip, eyes rolling back.  Tony found himself moaning, not just at how good it felt to have Steve in his lap, but at the obvious enjoyment Steve was getting from this.  His body was quivering; there was a drop of precum glistening from his head.
She looked nervous. "Was... was what you said true, about someone trying to buy you?"
you to go there.  Call SHIELD up, tell them I'll go, I've been upgrading the suit anyway, it'll be better if it's me."
for it, and it took him several long seconds to come down, giving Steve a couple of last sporadic thrusts, emptying the last little bit of jizz into him.
"Well I guess sometimes it's easy to forget I'm
Tony looked over at the garage.  The peg board with the keys was lying broken on the floor.  Half the cars were wrecked.  "I'd come over," he slurred, "but I messed up my garage doing a thing earlier.  I made a new element.  I'm... I'm naming it after myself, Steve.  I'm naming it... naming it badassium."
Steve touches him again, circles Tony’s wrists with his fingers, avoiding the bracelets. Tony jolts, the words wrenched away from him, a confession extorted through a torture invisible to anyone but himself. “I missed you too. You left, and I, I was... I am angry, and… but I missed you.”
Steve is familiar with corpses. Less so with ones in an advanced state of putrefaction. Even less so, with coming back from being one himself. With coming back from peace, from nothingness, to find that his carefully constructed plan to put a stop to it all has blown up in his face in the most horrible way.
“What—”
“I... fuck, Steve… you, you have, you have, of course, it’s just, I can’t—”
“Tony, I—”
“I hate to ask, Tony, but... I need to know if this is something you want. I know I didn’t leave you much of a choice at the airport, but I need to know if you want to do this.”
Steve holds Tony tight, his hands roaming on Tony’s back, down and up again and again. His body feels small against Steve’s, he is relaxed but there’s an underlying tension in his bones, Tony is trying to hide it but isn’t doing a very good job of it.
Tony swallows, and he breathes through his nose, and he adjusts his mouth on Steve. He loosens up his jaw, relaxes his neck and his shoulders. He can do this.
“You have some. Make the most of it.”
“How long did you sleep?”
Steve kisses the side of his neck and then picks him up with no effort at all. He walks to the bed with Tony impaled on his cock like it’s nothing. He sits down first, then adjusts them into a lying position.
Okay. That’s okay. Tony has every right to be angry with Steve, has every right not to want to speak to him.
Steve takes a bite. He looks at Tony. He’s chewing. A bit of flour from the bread has fallen on Tony’s beard, and Steve reaches up with his hand to stroke it away.
They shower together, with no purpose other than to get clean. Steve rubs body wash into Tony’s skin, massages his tired muscles, caresses his hair with ridiculously expensive anti-yellowing shampoo, kisses him under the hot spray of the water like it’s raining and they’re in a scene from an old movie. Tony’s fingers scrub Steve’s scalp, and it’s slow, and it’s tender, and there’s no hurry at all. They dry each other off and get in bed, under the covers.
consequences.
Her grin is huge and friendly as she extends her arms towards Tony, beckoning him into a hug. Tony has to bend down to hug her back, she’s so tiny.
“Thank you.” Tony hears Steve swallow.
“Of course you can. You can do whatever you want.”
Tony barely gets any sleep for an entire week.
“Okay. Okay. So you want me–”
“Mh, fair. It’s not bad. Just constant.”
“You were dying?”
Tony presses the button again, and the doors open to reveal a sad Steve, which Tony didn’t expect.
It’s stupid, he tells himself a minute later. He wouldn’t be able to call Steve anyway from up here. He wouldn’t be able to call anyone. Even Pepper’s voice started breaking up and then disappeared as soon as they got far enough from Earth.
What a privilege, to know even this.
He thinks about Tony’s smile, about that gravitational ache inside him that draws him to Tony’s orbit, inescapable like any law of physics. He thinks about how it felt to be inside him that night, to have him in his mouth. To have
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve rolls over onto him. He checks that he’s open and wet with his fingers, then enters him while licking Tony’s slick from his hand.
He’s in space, Tony realizes.
“Yeah. I figured.”
“You can get used to anything.”
“The ticking helps me sleep.”
Steve surges forward, unable to stop himself, places his hands oh each side of Tony’s face and drags him down for a kiss, but Tony moves away before their lips can touch, looks down, keeps stroking. It happens in seconds and Steve doesn’t even have time to process it, to be disappointed or sad at the rejection because he’s very suddenly coming, soaking his shirt, hitting Tony in the chin with stripes of white. Tony buries his face in the crook of Steve’s neck, opens his mouth and licks behind Steve’s ear. Steve shudders, Tony comes without making a single sound.
, only
“What?”
He watches Steve run while he stretches out on the blanket under the oak tree, follows Steve with his eyes until he disappears behind the trees, and hopes the run will clear Steve’s mind.
Steve inside him feels insanely good, slotted in with a single thrust, Tony perfectly open and wet for him, as if they were made for each other. It’s such a stupid thought that Tony twitches to dispel the embarrassment it causes him, then clenches around Steve to encourage him to move. But Steve, instead, Steve keeps stills for a long minute after bottoming out, eyes closed and mouth agape. A deep shudder runs through him, and he opens his eyes, looking at Tony now with incredible softness, the eyes of someone who just woke up after a long rest. “I’ve been dreaming of this since I first met you,” he whispers, his voice as deep as it can be, and Tony feels it at the bottom of his spine. “You’d make me so mad sometimes, but I couldn’t help but like you. I’m powerless before you, Tony, hopeless. I look at you and I come undone.”
"...yeah, I think I saw that one.  Howard Stark and Obadiah Stane," said the lawyer, smiling.  "Howard was hilarious... Stane, not so much."
In any case, he didn't argue.  He didn't want to argue anymore.  He just wanted to hover around Steve protectively, like he should have been doing all this time to begin with.
"Okay..." Steve frowned a little when Tony suddenly stood, his words blunt and tone detached. He didn't protest. He had a feeling that if he did Tony wouldn't listen. Before Steve could worry a moment longer, however, his phone was ringing in his pocket.
Donner, at least, was stuck; Banksy stayed largely to keep an eye on him, since George wasn't around, and Tiberius stayed to help Banksy stay sane.
Tony didn't bother offering to take the large crate of supplies Steve had heaved up.  It looked heavy. Steve was handling it with ease, but Tony was willing to bet it was at least a hundred pounds.
Tony burst out onto the pool deck to find Ty and Steve talking, staring down at the sparkling crystal surface of the water.
"Oh, shush, you're doing great!   One last push and you're all done," said Richard, with surprising alertness, considering it was three am.
Pepper nodded, pulling out a loaf of bread.  "Good."
Fortune favored the bold.  Tony ripped out his arc reactor and popped out the palladium core, then shoved the new ring into place and crammed the whole mess into his chest, giving it a few sharp whacks to make sure it was plugged in.
"За любовь!" said Natasha, throwing back another shot.
"All right!" said Tony.  "Start transcribing.  I wanna know everything.  I'll read the records later."  Even though Tony wasn't worried-- he definitely wasn't, not at all, not in the slightest-- he felt like he should probably go make sure Steve was okay.
Tony sat bolt upright, the other cucumber slice dropping from his eye.  "Wait, what? You found them?"
"--you're welcome," said Piper, a bit loudly, and shot Tony a look of warning.  Tony blinked. Piper was clearly more clever than she let on. The card meant something.  Tony just didn't know what yet.
"Gideon Malick made me take off my squirrel-- y'know what, it's a long story.  Let's just get the hell out of here," said Tony. He reached down to his sock and handed Steve a business card before he could forget.  "I got this. It's not Gene's, it's someone else, but Piper really seemed to want me to have it. ...Happy, how quickly can Charlie get the jet out?  I wanna go home."
"What's wrong with him?"
"Shit," said Clint.
He didn't remember falling.  He didn't know what Steve meant, that he'd tried to catch him.
"Tony wants to auction them," Steve supplied.  "For charity."
But right now, he was not too proud to accept help.  He could yell at Tony later, once he had properly escaped.
"Yes, sir."
"Okay, Captain.  Do I have to start calling you Captain now?  ...this is weird. Oops." (He knocked over a couple of orchids as he stepped outside.)
Steve flicked onto another picture of the Expo in flames and quickly skipped onto the next. "Thank you for bringing this to us, Natasha, really. It means a lot."
it. He liked Tony's warm and rough hands on his body, moving him and holding him wherever he wanted the omega to be.
Steve was smiling stupidly- so much his face hurt, his lips and tongue still tingling from the kiss. It had been dizzying and Tony's touch was grounding. The crowd was going mental; they were
"What kinda pizza you want... Hawaiian?" asked Tony.  "And which movie? Have you seen
"Tony! Tony, Jesus Christ. Just breathe. Breathe for me. In and out, in and out...that's it." It was like second nature. Comforting Tony, putting his arms around him and leading him to sit down on a bench. He was malleable in that moment, so stunned and lost in his own mind that Steve wasn't sure Tony was even aware he was there. He felt like he shouldn't have seen that, some precious yet small moment between father and son. Too little, too late, but
But before Tony could respond Pepper was with them. "We have to get out before the press swarm us," she stated. "Let's get back to the hotel, pronto. We'll give police statements tomorrow. I'm not- Jesus Christ. I'm not dealing with this today."
terms, not
Happy flipped the magazine around.  "Page 46, there's a quiz.
of what I want to do! How come you'll argue with me now, somehow you don't even know, but not your own mate? If you don't want to fight, then why the hell do you do it?"
," whined Tony.
"This man assaulted me!" shouted the headmaster.
"They go to auction."
Tony's eyes flew open.  Natasha was staring at him.
"Okay.  Come on," said Natasha grimly, striding across the room.  "We might not have much time."
. I'm living with him, no one else. I wasn't with my first Alpha, physically, before--" he hated saying this. He goddamn hated it. "--and I certainly won't be including the Alpha who force bonded me in my life."
"I've been," said Brent.  "He's got seventeen thousand left."
"Also, the Walkers from the Horseshoe Society, Irshad Nazari of the World Omega Rights Council of the United Nations, and Tiberius Stone and Thomas Banksy on behalf of Status Alliance had requested meetings with Captain Rogers."
He found both women in the kitchen. They were talking quietly to one another. Steve realised he had the PTSD specialist this evening, too... wonderful. It would be a therapy-heavy day.  He couldn't help but wonder how much of SHIELD's concern over him was because he was soldier, and how much of it was because he was an
"Maybe if I had a couple of kids and started behaving myself, that crowd'd stop stomping all over the begonias," he joked meekly.
Tiberius took the sketchbook and looked down; his eyes widened a little.  "Steve... you're actually... rather good. This is great.  Can I keep this?"  He looked up. Steve was beaming. Tony had his arms around him and was humping his leg insistently.  "...you should probably take your first pill, Steve," he added. He offered Steve a small blue pill and the glass of water.
"A new element," Natasha continued. "Something that won't, you know, burn up your insides." And there was that smile again, pretty but deadly.
"Four and a half."
And then the crowd went crazy. It went
Pepper glared.
Steve got into the McLaren on the driver's side. He'd gotten quite fond of driving the thing. He missed the agility of a bike but he enjoyed the real rumble of a real engine beneath him in a car. He glanced over sideways at Tony as he started her up.
"Hey.  Steve Rogers.  I just want you to know, man, that you-- you really changed my life, you know, like, after you came out, I finally stopped taking suppressants and I came out too and I never felt more, you know, like, liberated--"  A pause. He reached up to lower his sunglasses a little and make eye contact with Steve. "...you have no idea who I am, do you? ...man, see, that's what I love about this guy, he's so
"...can you wait for him at the airport?"
"I'm just so happy to see you!  Hey! Wanna see something cool?"
He stepped outside of the edge of the camp. His hands were shaking. This was a strange reminder that Steve couldn't save them all, especially not from themselves.
"I really wouldn't put it past them Tony," Steve muttered. He had to just go check. What if they went down in twenty minutes and found a kid who'd just been freshly mutilated? They'd feel terrible. Steve couldn't risk it.
"No.  Try again."
"Who's Fury?" asked Brent.
Steve blinked and turned away from his reflection, slowly taking in what Tony just said. "Danielle's nice. She said she's going to buy me pizza sometime."
"Walk out. I can pay you all back. We can afford two million, but I can't get the money right away that I'd need to save all of you from this, and I don't wanna pay into a rotten system. Do you understand? If you walk out
Right. Of course. Steve sighed fondly, planting his hands on his hips as he tried to decide if he would offer Tony a hand to get out or not. Honestly, he didn't trust him not to pull Steve in too. He was drunk and would no doubt like to see Steve soaking wet. "Are you enjoying the party, Donner?" Steve asked, glancing sideways at him.
He explained to her his idea.  She listened and wasted no time in telling him what everyone else had: anything related to family planning was going to stir up controversy.
"Fuck!" yelled Natasha's voice in his headpiece.
Shit, should Steve have done that? Was that okay? But the way Tony was looking at him...
know.
"But chances are you will. And you don't know they'll be kind; it's a gamble," Steve said. "Why can't you provide for yourself? Omegas can have jobs, and they go to college now. I would have killed for that kind of opportunity in my time! I'm not saying don't get an Alpha and don't settle down, but don't do it like this. Almost every omega I've met in here is-- they're like a shell. They won't talk to me, they won't look me in the eye like you guys do. They don't
Marcus nodded and quickly moved on to the next topic of conversation. "So... you say you've been awake for almost five months now. You're still unbonded..."
"The Alpha was kind of an asshole, I'm sorry to say..."
Tony was already staggering toward the house, clearly still drunk.  Pepper sighed and rifled through her clutch for an aspirin. Beth had a look that was a mixture of pity and nostalgia.
"Happy will be taking you in half an hour," Aria said, ushering them up the stairs even before the last of the omega-rights entourage had left the room. "Go get ready. And Steve, take a shower."
"Happy birthday, boss!" she hollered back.
There was something slightly ironic, probably, about Tony Stark being the one to take the walk of shame.  Traditionally, he kicked his one-night stands out himself... not the other way around.
There were still orchids everywhere, but for the most part, deliveries had tapered off.  The official count was over eight hundred; half the pool deck was occupied by little pots, the tall, bright, exotic flowers creating a kaleidoscope effect every time you looked out the back window.  Tony had moved the orchids from Pepper and Rhodey into his shop.  The rest were scattered haphazardly around.  Tony was glad that no more tulips have arrived.  It was a cheap flower, anyway.
Steve tried to squirm away from him. But he couldn't; he wanted to cry.  He had not been so powerless since the previous century.
Tony looked so forlorn something tugged in Steve's gut. He moved forward in an instant. "Hey," he whispered and moved to cup Tony's face, tilting his head up so their eyes could meet. "I'll always be yours," he whispered against his lips. "And what we have can only make us stronger." The look in his eyes proved he meant it. "But I know it goes against your nature to follow me. I know that won't be easy for you, maybe a little embarrassing...but it shouldn't be. If my status doesn't matter then no one else's does."
"I don't know what Care Bears are," said Steve.
On the edge of the sofa, Tony was keeping himself busy and distracted.  He'd found a string on the end of his wifebeater and was pulling it.  It wasn't snapping, just unraveling.  He spooled it around his hand with intense concentration.  He didn't dare look at Steve.  He avoided eye contact at all costs.  He'd get lost in those crystal blue pools.  God, he'd just wanted one little taste and he'd ended up planting a hickey the size of a half-dollar on his neck.
But still, when it happens… when he wakes up hard, Steve never touches himself. He wills his erection away quickly, the self-loathing that the whole experience infuses him with makes it easy.
“Hello,” he sing-songs, his bloodshot eyes stark against the dark circles around them. His gaze lands on Tony’s naked chest.
“How did I not smell it on you?”
But this is getting ridiculous. Steve had no idea.
“Oh.”
“Would you quit staring,” Tony demands, not as forceful as he would’ve liked.
They cut my testicles off. They burned them months ago, but now they decide that I’m better off without them. They might be right. I don’t think I’ll ever be able to have an erection again. I can barely even pee.
For a moment nothing happens, and Tony doubts that what he said is enough to explain anything, especially after speaking about something else entirely only a minute ago. But Steve hugs him tighter, moves one hand from Tony’s ribs to the back of his head, and mumbles something Tony doesn’t get, so maybe it’s okay.
