“I’m so sorry Dean. My brother has absolutely no filter.” Cas apologized; annoyance clear in his voice.
Dean smiled, nuzzling Castiel’s skin, shutting his eyes. He was exhausted, sore, and floating a little with the aftereffects.
“That she does.” He affirmed. Charlie then got this weird look on her face and just hummed in reply before ringing Cas up. He paid for his items and thanked her before wishing her a good day.
“Not exactly. He uh, he was there with his daughter.” He admitted, holding his breath for their reaction to that little bomb.
Dean huffed and rolled his eyes, muttering about an over inflated ego as he wiggled, still waiting for Cas to sink himself inside.
“Bianca is getting impatient so I’m going to go ahead and drive over to the restaurant now. I’ll meet you there.” He told the younger man before leading his daughter back to the car and making the short drive over. They were going to Lily Flanigan’s in Babylon Village. Dean’s parents had rented a party room for his graduation celebration.
“I’m glad you like it Dean. I had trouble figuring out what to get you.” Cas smiled shyly back. Cas had seemed to love his own present as well. Dean had found a knitted hat, scarf and glove set that were striped black and yellow. It had reminded him of bees which had reminded him of Cas and he was glad his angel liked them. “Your brother was absolutely no help with finding you a real gift. But, thanks to him, you do have another gift to open.” Cas’ smile had turned sly as he handed Dean another box.
“God, what even is my life right now.” He muttered, sending Cas into another fit of giggles at his expense. It was a good thing he loved the freaking dork.
Dean squeaked and whirled to give him a playful slap. "Yes, I do, but I prefer it from my ass. Why?"
"Dean, baby, how much prep do you need to take me?" He asked. He didn't want to presume, as some needed a lot of prep, while others didn't like it and required none despite people assuming everyone needed a lot of prep. He wanted to make Dean feel good and comfortable.
He spent the next few days thinking on it, before he made his decision. Things had been awkward between him and Cas after that morning, and he couldn’t take it anymore. He decided enough was enough and so he made his way to Cas room, but before he could knock, he heard Cas voice inside. It sounded like he was talking to someone on the phone. He knew he shouldn’t ease drop but he was always too nosy for his own good and so he listened quietly.
“Happy now?” He pasted a forced smile on his face, hoping to shut her up as he continued on ahead, walking faster. The quicker he got home, the quicker he could end this conversation and be alone with his thoughts. He still needed to process everything that happened tonight.
“You never know…” She shrugged. Why did everyone keep saying that today? He didn't want to keep talking about Cas, so he changed the subject, and steered the conversation onto other topics as they ate their meals. The rest of the conversation was much better, and by the time they paid their checks, and went their separate ways, Dean’s thoughts were no longer on the gorgeous man.
"I'm sorry. I guess I should have mentioned that. I'm clean, I have paperwork to prove it." Dean sat up, suddenly frightened he’d be kicked out.
"I can already tell you will be a bratty sub. And I will punish you for that which I'm sure you will love. But for this dinner, I want you to be real. I don't want an act. Sure, I chose this restaurant that I didn't know you were too young to drink at. Which apparently means I don't know much about you. And I hope to rectify that soon, since I hope this whole thing has been real." Cas replied.
. He hadn’t meant to tell them about Cas yet. He was trying to do this one thing at a time. Guess the cat was out of the bag now. He sat back up straight and rubbed a nervous hand over the back of his neck.
“Damn…” Dean blew out a breath. Cas had been so young and had to raise a baby without a partner. “That had to be hard.”
“Y-yes Bee. I’m um… eight years older than Dean is.” He squirmed in his seat, uncomfortable at the scrutiny he could feel coming off John.
He finally heard his daughter’s loud footsteps trampling down the stairs and he just rolled his eyes. No matter how many times he told her not to, she always ran down those damn stairs.
“Well…” He thought back to the date, “We were on the couch after Bianca went to bed and we started…uh…making out, and it got a little um…heated…” He trailed off, blushing at telling the woman any intimate details. Luckily, he didn’t have to clarify what he meant because immediately she seemed to catch on.
"I guess we will have to rectify that won’t we?" Castiel said as he pulled dean into his arms and leaned down to brush their lips together.
“Okay then. Push out gently when I push in. It might burn a tiny bit the first time, but that should go away fast. I’m gonna take my time stretching you to make sure I don’t hurt you when I push my cock inside of you.” Cas explained and Dean felt his chest flush at the words; arousal battling with the awkwardness he was feeling about being spread out about to be fingered for the first time.
Dean shut his eyes, totally relaxed from the gentle strokes. "I understand now. I'm sorry I didn’t think about all this before. I've never even been asked about aftercare."
, we’re drinking tonight.” Dean declared loudly. Cas could hear him shuffling around in the kitchen cabinets before he made his way into the living room and plopped himself on the couch beside Cas, two glasses and a bottle of whiskey in his hand.
Dean ran himself into a corner and swore, stared up at a blank wood wall, and then turned and grinned at the officer when he caught up.
“Thanks Sunshine. I love it!” He beamed excitedly. It would look perfect on his dresser. “I can’t believe you made this Cas.”
"No, I love it." Dean chuckled, "You act like you've never dated before and its freaking adorable.: He laughed.
"You're the 20-year-old who let a 62-year-old man fuck him. But I’m the weird one?" Cas asked exasperated.
“Why are we drinking?” Cas asked as he moved his laptop off his lap and onto the coffee table, before turning to rest against the arm of the couch, quirking his eyebrow at his friend as he awaited his reply.
“I’m good. Let’s get to it.” He winked back. Before he even knew what happened, they both ended up naked in bed with Cas settled between Dean’s legs as he stared up at the other man.
“Wow, man. I’m uh… I’m glad you have such a good brother then.” Dean offered, awed by how much Cas had gone through. He couldn’t imagine his parent’s throwing him out of the house.
Cas pushed Dean's legs up to his chest and buried his face even deeper in Dean. The sounds that his boy was making spurred him on. Cas ate him out with fervor.
“Well, it’s good to know you feel so strongly about my son.” He remarked, and Cas thought he almost seems impressed.
“Mutual masturbation…” Cas began to read. “But you have to hold a normal conversation. The first person to crack by touching the other or losing their train of thought has to give the…
They had gone out on a few more dates over the last two months; Once to the movies, and another time out for dinner. It wasn’t easy though, for them to plan time just the two of them, and Dean was quickly learning what it was really like to date a man with a kid. As he reassured Cas on multiple occasions, he really didn’t mind though.  He had known going into this that the two were a package deal, and that his daughter would always come first. That meant that Cas was frequently busy with all sorts of extracurricular activities; Girls Scouts, dance, and kids parties took up much of the other man’s time, so they were mostly relegated to dates involving Bianca. Which is why they were currently at the park, watching the little girl play as they sat on a bench together. Dean smiled as he watched her jump from the swing and land in the sand, while Cas was apologizing again for about the thirtieth time.
“Hey! I’m just trying to look out for you. Is that a crime?” Gabe relied defensively and Cas sighed.
“Your secret is safe with me man.” He promised. “But I really don’t think mom and dad would care if you told them.”
"Dean, you are not just a plaything to me. And I don't care that you are much younger. I thought I made that clear to you love."
Dean yelped at the sting and settled down a little, grinding his teeth in impatience. "You're a slow ass prepper, master." He snipped
They both took a minute to calm down from their pleasure before they tucked themselves back in and helped each other off the ground. They made their way to the couch where Cas pulled Dean to lay on top of his chest and held him close.
“Listen, Cas. Dean will probably kill me if he finds out I’m doing this, but here, take his number.” She thrust a piece of paper into his hand. “He has an epic crush on you. Dude’s been miserably pining over you since December, and if I have to listen to him brood anymore, I’m gonna kill him. Call him please!” She pleaded before running back out the door, leaving Cas standing there gaping like a fish.
That’s what led them to where they were now, sitting side-by-side on Dean's bed, cocks out and hard in hand, as they began to jerk off.
“You too, Sir.” He was glad his voice didn’t shake like the rest of his insides were currently doing. John stared him down for a few moments before releasing his hand and moving to sit on the recliner in the room. The rest of them followed suit, Cas and Dean sitting on the couch with Bianca between them. They sat in awkward silence until Bianca interjected.
“Fuck, Imma cum.” He groaned loudly, just before he felt ropes of come shoot out of his untouched dick and land all over his chest and belly. Cas fucked him through it, his thrusts becoming erratic before he followed Dean over the edge. He felt his insides being painted with Cas cum, and his dick twitched uselessly at the dirtiness of it all.
“H-how? I thought you were just experimenting?” Cas asked, still confused. How could Dean be in love with him? Hadn’t he just been questioning his sexuality?
“What’s going on Dean?” He asked, voice loud enough that the people around them were starting to stare.
“Do you have any idea what you do to me?” Cas growled in Deans ear as he grinded his hard cock against the other man’s ass. “How much you tease me, driving me crazy.”
“Don’t let him get away.” Gabe patted his back before walking back behind the counter, leaving Cas to stand there and think about his brother’s words. He vowed to make sure he did everything in his power to keep Dean in his life.
"Good. Great. A little dizzy, floaty." Dean murmured, pulling back to blink pretty green eyes at Castiel with a little smile.
Dean was bored. Which honestly wasn’t a rare occurrence. He was bored most days now. The pandemic had been going on now for almost a year and he guessed he was lucky that his job as a financial consultant could still easily be handled remotely. He heard horror stories from friends who were laid off and had to try to survive on the measly sum from unemployment. He was still pulling in 6 figures from his job, so he really couldn’t complain. But he was bored. So bored, that he resorted to browsing Facebook marketplace just for the fun of seeing what other people were selling. He’d seen memes of the funny shit other people captured there, but he doubted he’d ever see anything funny enough to even make him chuckle.
"Yes sir." Dean typed back immediately. And he scrambled out of bed to find the perfect outfit to wear.
"I really wasn't trying to call you a liar or anything Love. I'm sorry if my tone came of as if I was. I was just not understanding why it would matter if your brother heard us. That's all." He begged Dean to understand.
"Good. I'm guessing you were in subspace a little. I’m going to go run a bath for us and then I’ll be back for you. Will you be ok for a minute by yourself" Cas asked.
He made his way through the throngs of people huddled in Charlie’s apartment until he finally caught sight of his red-headed friend. She looked up and saw him as he made his way to her.
Dean stood on the porch and knocked on the front door. Cas had invited him over for a movie night date. Bianca was sleeping at a friend’s house, so they had the whole house to themselves and Dean was nervous. This would be the first time he had been over the older man’s house without his daughter there as a buffer. The most they had done so far was quick hand jobs when she went to sleep, but now that they didn’t have to worry about being interrupted, the possibility of going further was all Dean could think about.
"You fucking brat." Cas teased. They both laughed and then continued eating till they were done and Cas paid the bill. They walked out of the restaurant and back to the car.
Cas got up behind Dean and arranged him how he liked, face down and ass up. He spit in his hand and used it to slick his cock. He lined up his cock with Dean's hole and slammed himself in, in one solid stroke.
Dean swallowed and looked at him curiously, "You're so strange. Nobody’s ever said stuff like this to me in my entire life.”
“Same man. I still can’t believe you’re gay too. I uh, I really thought you were straight, cuz of Bianca and all…” He trailed off, not knowing if he should ask how she came to be. Luckily, Cas took the decision out of his hands.
“You’re the one who suggested it Dean. And if this is about you ‘experimenting with your sexuality’” Goddamn Dean loved when Cas used air quotes. “Then obviously you should be the one doing the blowing. So… go on, blow me.” Cas finished with a smirk, almost like he was daring Dean, or calling his bluff. But Dean wasn’t bluffing; he really wanted to try this. So, he got down on the floor and shuffled over to kneel in front of Cas. He looked into those baby blues he was so fond of and he reached for the waistband of Cas’ pants and slowly pulled them down to release his cock, which was beginning to harden up. He stroked it a few times in his fist to get it the rest of the way there.
“Okay, so…I uh, I was wondering if you would want to make it official?” Cas’ voice lifted in question; He looked uncertain as he waited for Dean’s reply.
Cas fucked Dean's throat a few more times before he felt himself cuming. And Dean swallowed every drop. His boy did so good so as he pulled out and took off the ring gag; he planned on getting his boy off. But when he looked down, it appeared that wouldn't be necessary.
Cas fucked Dean hard and didn't stop "Come for Daddy. Daddy wants to see you come while he fucks you" He demanded. Dean shuddered, burying his face in the covers and crying out, shaking as he spilled come onto the sheets and clamping around Cas.
"Such a good boy Dean. You are doing so well. I’m so proud of my beautiful sub" Cas cooed as he kissed Dean's forehead.
“I love you so much Dean. Thank you for giving me your body like that. You did amazing, Love.” Cas praised him and Dean tucked his face into the older man’s neck, face flush from Cas’ words.
They both grabbed their coats and walked out of the classroom, switching the lights off behind them as they left, before they made their way to their cars. They wished each other a nice night and Dean climbed in Baby before pulling his cell phone out. He scrolled through his contacts till he got to Charlie's name and opened their chat to send her a text.
Dean obeyed for the most part, but left on his silk panties instead of naked just as a tease, head dipped and wrists crossed behind his back. He grinned, wiggling a little with anticipation
Cas could tell Dean was pretty deep in subspace. So, he pulled him closer and fell asleep with Dean on his chest. Dean snuggled close, slowly relaxing and passing out as he laid on top of Cas.
"Dean, you didn't have to get me anything!" Cas exclaimed. He felt guilty because he didn't get an actual gift for Dean.
“Okay great. We can discuss details later this week.” Cas beamed in return. “Here, I’ll walk you to the door.” Cas unbuckled and turned to exit the car, making Dean freeze up in panic.
"Well, I was thinking...would you be averse to me Doming you and tying you down to my bed, and me riding your cock while I'm Doming you? On occasion?" Cas asked hopefully.
Cas just sighed as he followed his brother into the little bar they had arrived at. Bianca was having a sleepover with her friend Callie, who lived a couple of houses down from them. Gabe had decided that they should go out and take advantage of Cas’ childfree night. He had conveniently neglected to mention that they were going to a gay bar though. Apparently, Gabriel though he needed to ‘get laid’. Cas had really just wanted a quiet night in, relaxing with a glass of wine and a good book, but his brother wouldn’t hear it and dragged him out instead. Cas still doesn’t remember agreeing, but somehow, he found himself sitting at a high top in the corner of the room, as Gabe pointed out different guys he thought were perfect for Cas to hook up with.
“Yes mother.” He said sarcastically as he rolled his eyes, even though his brother couldn’t see it. He loved Gabe, he really did, but the man can be a total mother hen sometimes.
Cas growled in Dean's ear "It appears I still have much to teach you. Go to my room and strip. And I want you face down on my bed when in get in there. Do not leave me waiting or there will be punishment boy." Cas said as he let Dean go and went to the kitchen to get a drink of water before he followed Dean.
Sam had never run so fast in his life. That did not go as he had planned. Fuck he needed brain bleach now. He would never get that image out of his head.
He had glanced at the clock all day, willing it to move faster so that he could pick Bianca up and ask her about her day. Then, maybe he could finally relax and make headway on this website. Luckily, the client wanted something easy and simple, so it shouldn’t take long, once he could really put his head to it. He sighed as he glanced back up at the clock, noting he still had an hour before he had to pick his daughter up. Deciding he may as well stop pretending to work on his project, he collected his wallet and keys, and made his was out to his car. He drove down to main street and decided to stop at the 7-Eleven to grab a cup of coffee and a doughnut to eat in his car while he counted down the minutes until three o’clock.
“Y-yeah. God Cas!” Dean groaned as he rocked his hip down onto Cas’ lap. Cas leaned forward to capture Dean’s pebbled nipple between his teeth and gently bit down, making the other man whimper “Yes! Fuck!”
Fuck. He was such a fucking idiot sometimes. He’d obviously made Castiel uncomfortable with that stupid dare. No, wait. Cas was the one who suggested the dare, right? Ugh. His brain was currently a mess from all of the drinking last night. He needed coffee before he even attempted to try and figure out what he was going to do about last night.
“It was so nice to meet you as well, Castiel” Sam smiled. “You should definitely come around more if you are going to continue seeing my brother.”
Officer Novak grabbed Deans arm and spun him around as he clicked the handcuffs on him. “You have the right to remain silent. Everything you say, can and will be used against you in the court of law…” He started to read him his rights.
Dean grunted and his hips rocked, desperate to find his mouth again so he could come. "Sir, please." He groaned long and low.
The rest of the night, he replayed his conversation with Dean over in his head, smiling as he remembered how passionately Dean had agreed with him. He was still surprised at finding out the few nerdy things he now knew about the younger man. He wondered what else they had in common? He figured he had plenty of time to find out when he saw the man each afternoon. Where he initially dreaded the thought of having to see Dean every day, now that he knew they had some things in common, maybe it wouldn’t be so bad. He could at least make friends with the man, even if he couldn’t have him the way he wanted. Something was better than nothing after all.
“Your damn shorts will be the death of me.” Cas grumbled petulantly in response causing the other man to stand and throw his head back in laughter. He walked up to Cas and wrapped his arms around the shorter man.
“Well…” Dean started, cheeks tinged pink as he twisted his hands together in his lap. “I kinda, um…I made a list.” He confessed before he reached into his pocket and handed Cas the folded sheet of paper he took out.
"With the amount of sex, we have I sadly have to agree." Dean snorted, a huge shit eating grin on his face.
Dean arched an eyebrow after a moment of Castiel staring. "Can I come in, or?" He swallowed hard. "Look, if you're not serious about all this I can leave now. You left me hanging badly last night.”
He took his items up to the cash register, and he noticed the red-headed cashier. She looked familiar but he couldn’t seem to place where he knew her from. As he placed his items on the counter, the young woman looked up and smiled at him.
Idiot. He was an idiot. Who the hell just blurts that out? He chastised himself, eyes cast down in embarrassment before he felt a finger tilt his chin up.
Dean just stared at the card for a good ten seconds before throwing his head back and letting out a roaring laugh. He laughed so hard, tears started falling from his eyes and his stomach began to hurt. He could not believe his dorky best friend sent him vibrators. This was probably the best joke ever, and he was pretty sure it wasn’t even intended to be one, considering Cas wouldn’t recognize a joke if it bit him on the ass. This had Gabe written all over it, he just knew it. Once he finally stopped laughing enough to be able to breath again, he picked up the phone to dial Cas. It rang three times before his best friend finally answered.
“Dude…. I-I’m sorry…. b-but that…was hilarious.” Dean wheezed out. Cas felt his own lip twitch at the younger man’s amusement.
“A little sore. But good Cas. That was…fuck, that was good.” And it really was. Even though there had been some pain, the pleasure had far outweighed it and he knew the more they did it, the easier it would be each time. “I definitely want to do that again once my ass has a break.”
Dean coughed, not quite a gag or choke yet, since it wasn't far back enough, and cocked an eyebrow at his master challengingly, waiting for his next move. His master was still in pants which meant he couldn’t go down to the hilt, but he had a good length and width regardless. Dean shifted impatiently.
“Oh man I hope I get this.” Dean said suddenly, causing Cas some confusion as they were currently on the phone and had been discussing the latest episode of their favorite series, so he was unsure of what Dean was referring to.
“Do we need a reason?” Dean scoffed as he made himself comfortable. “I’m going crazy man! This stupid quarantine is driving me up the wall. I can’t stand being cooped up like this and I cannot stare at my computer screen another second. So, I’m drinking. And since I don’t feel like drinking alone, because
“Come here.” Cas growled as he reached for his friend’s hand to tug him closer, making him fall to straddle Cas’ lap. Dean’s hands went to Cas’ shoulders to steady himself and Cas grabbed the other man’s hips, caressing them. “Fuck Dean, you look stunning.”
Cas woke up early in the morning. He was still in a fog from his dream and he began to rock his body into the hard one in front of him. He had a severe case of morning wood and it felt so good to grind on the hard body he was cuddling.
“Well, yeah. I mean, you two have been inseparable since college. You moved in together. You guys even switch off holidays between us and Cas’ family.” His mom explained.
Cas felt Dean come and two thrusts later he came too in Dean's ass. "Fuck sweetheart. Yes." He said as he came. He rolled off Dean and laid down next to him, before pulling his boy down to snuggle on his chest.
“I’m 20. Don’t worry, I’m legal.” Dean glanced up as their drinks were dropped off and thanked the waitress. “And you?” He asked Castiel.
“Fuck…” Dean whispered and Cas turned his head just enough to make eye contact. He saw lust and arousal clear in his friend’s gaze and he slowly stroked his hand up and down the hard length in his fist, making Dean’s eyes roll “Fuck that feels so good Cas…” He felt Dean tentatively stroke his cock and he sighed in pleasure, eyes closing as he sank into the feeling.
All through dinner that night, as Bianca chatted about her day, Cas couldn't help but inwardly cringe at the awkward encounter with Dean. He had never thought he would see the young man again. Then
Dean smiled, leaning back so he could touch better. "Yeah. I like the way they look and feel better." He grabbed Castiel’s hand and rubbed it over his erection, "and they're very stretchy.”
Castiel pulled back. "No, you aren't little boy. Not till I tell you you can." He reached for the lube and poured some on two fingers. Then pushed both into Dean's loosened ass. He made sure not to hit his prostate. He just wanted to stretch him enough to take his cock.
The last two years had been absolutely amazing. Dean had moved in right after graduation, and although it had been an adjustment for everyone, it had mostly gone smoothly. John had protested the change in living arraignments, but Dean had told him it was not up to John because he was an adult. Mary had luckily been on their side so John had just sighed and relented, but made sure to let them know he wasn’t pleased. Thankfully, over the last two years, John had finally,
“Yes, I would too. Why don’t you invite Cas and his daughter over for dinner next weekend? Then we can all be properly introduced.” His mom suggested happily.
“So, what did you think of the last episode we watched?” Dean asked nonchalantly as he began sliding his hand up and down his cock.
Dean snuggled into him and into his pillow, falling asleep mere minutes after closing his eyes, comfortable and warm.
He was debating the best way to murder Gabriel when he heard a knock on his front door. He wasn’t expecting company, so curiously, he got up and went to open the door. He was surprised to see Dean on the other side.
"If going without a condom is something you would like we can definitely discuss that. You said you are clean right? And that you've been tested?"
“How do you make the bad guys good for a weekend?” She asked curiously. Cas watched Dean’s eyes go wide before he threw his head back in roaring laughter, as his own face began to heat in mortification.
“Of Course, Dean. You can always talk to me about anything.” Cas said sincerely as he turned to face Dean and give him his full attention.
“Well, I can’t say I not surprised.” Cas admitted as his eyes roamed all over Dean’s body, taking in what little he was wearing. “I never imagined you could look anymore beautiful than you always do, but it appears I was mistaken.”
Dean gasped softly as he came oh so close to touching where he wanted him. "Need to come. Please." His cock was red and twitching against his belly, leaking a puddle of precome.
“I see what you’re trying to do! It’s not gonna work.” Gabe spun on his heel and marched back out of the room. Cas could hear him banging around in the kitchen so he figured he might as well get up and help his brother look for his missing stuff before he destroyed anything.
"Love you too." Dean murmured, snuggling in. Cas smiled, ecstatic that Dean loved him too. He closed his eyes and held Dean close as he dozed off.
Cas squinted and his lips straightened into a thin line. “Is that a shot at me not being straight? Because I was under the impression you didn’t mind that. I’m not a princess, nor do I wear panties.: He deadpanned.
“Fuck Dean… yes...” Cas moaned, as Dean sucked and licked his boyfriend’s cock, alternating between deep and shallow bobs of his head. He heard Cas’ breathing pick up and he tried to pull Dean’s head away. “Dean, I’m gonna cum.” He warned, but Dean didn’t stop. He was suddenly desperate to taste the man’s come, and he was incredibly thankful at Cas’ foresight to get them tested so they could do this. Cas tensed up and then ropes of hot, salty cum were filling Dean’s mouth. It wasn’t the best taste but just knowing it was Cas filling his mouth had him groaning in pleasure as he swallowed it down.
Cas had his keys out and was putting them in the door when Dean appeared behind him on the steps, holding a large ring gag in one hand, and a jar of strawberry jam in the other, smirking.
“Well, it was nice to see you again Charlie. I’m off to go pick up Bianca now. Have a nice weekend with your LARPing thing.”
Cas reached over him to pull out the lube in the dresser drawer and poured some on his fingers before he managed to slip a digit into Dean’s ass. Dean tensed for a second before he begged for more. After 10 minutes of prep, he was begging for Cas’ dick and he only had to wait for a minute before he felt the head of the other man’s dick at his hole.
-all week. After they had decided they were now in an actual, official, full-on relationship, he knew he finally had to grow a pair and come out to his parents. He still couldn’t believe he had an actual boyfriend now. It was one thing to date the man, but for Cas to want an actual relationship with him? Dean was still kind of in shock. It felt serious now. It would have been different if Cas was younger like Dean; the boyfriend label probably wouldn’t feel as significant. But Cas was a grown man with a child. He didn’t just jump in to a relationship without some serious consideration. He had made that extremely clear right from the beginning. So, now that they were actually official and the relationship was getting more serious, he knew it was time.
“H-holy shit Dean! That was…the funniest thing…I’ve ever, ever heard.” He chocked out between laughs. “I can’t believe…th-they thought we’ve been dating…this…this whole time.”
-fiancé another night. The next morning, he had called his brother and explained the situation. Gabe had wanted to come to the city and give Bart a piece of his mind, but Castiel managed to convince him that was not necessary. Instead, Gabriel helped him find a house to rent on Long Island near where he lived, and while Bart was at work, Gabe drove out and helped him pack all of his belongings, which the moving company had picked up and delivered for him here.  In a rare fit of vindictiveness, Cas had even packed up the entire kitchen and bathroom, leaving Bart without a single utensil, plate, cup, or toiletry anywhere in the apartment. His phone probably would have been blowing up right now about that if he hadn’t made sure to block the asshole’s number.
"Ah there's my little brat" Cas laughed as he wrapped his arms around Dean and kissed him hard. "I am very proud of you though for not being a brat during our little scene before."
“Heh, you have no idea. If it hadn’t been for my brother Gabriel, I don’t know what I would have done.”
Cas pulled back to look up at Dean. “Fuck my mouth.” He instructed, voice deep with arousal, before taking Dean’s cock back inside. Dean wasted no time complying, thrusting his hips forward into the tight throat of the man below him. Cas made a small choking sound, and Dean was about to pull back, but Cas reached up and grabbed his hips and pulled him forward again, making it clear he didn’t mind the rough treatment.
He was drawn out of his internal thoughts when he heard his daughter stomping down the steps. “What have I told you about running down the stairs Bee?” He asked sternly as his daughter came down.
“M-me too.” Dean groaned as Cas pushed his thigh between Dean’s legs, grinding up against his quickly hardening cock. “More…fuck…I want more.”
"So obviously I know you are a sub. And a bratty one at that." He chuckled as he pinched Dean's ass. "And I'm your Dom. But you do love stimulation on your cock, right?"
Dean stared after Castiel’s car for a few minutes. He stared at the address and at this point, half expected it to be a joke, climbing in the Impala and turning towards home. He fell asleep tired with the scrap of paper on his bedside table.
“Hey, so I figured I should probably introduce myself already. The name’s Dean.” Cas would deny it till the day he died, but he let out a scream that could rival that of a teenage girl.
“Oh, are…are you not going to be teaching anymore?” Cas tilted his head in confusion, looking way more adorable than a man his age should be able to.
Cas sat in the passenger seat of the Impala, looking out the window trying to erase the image that was burned in his brain; not because he didn’t enjoy the image, quite the contrary actually. He enjoyed it a bit
Dean nuzzled cas and hugged around his shoulders, resting their cheeks together and smiling. "I'm here.”
Castiel had been nervous all day, barely getting any work done on the website he was currently designing for one of his clients. Today was Bianca’s first day of third grade, and like every year before this one, he was a basket case. He always worried the first day, wondering if his daughter would be blessed with a nice teacher or not, and if she would end up in a class with at least one of her friends. It was just one of the many worries he juggled as a parent.
Cas woke up slowly. He could feel Dean laying on his chest. He smiled looking down at his boy. He planned on asking him something important and he hoped it went well. He kissed Dean's forehead hoping he woke up soon. Dean shifted and blinked big green eyes up at Cas, giving him a smile.
Cas threw his keys into the basket on the counter near the front door before making his way inside the apartment he shared with his best friend. He heard Dean’s voice so he followed the sound into living room.
Dean stared at him for a moment, speechless. "You’re... in love...with me?" He squeezed his hand, trying to meet his eyes.
“Oh man, I figured you were in a bad mood, but damn! You looked like someone died or something.” His brother’s annoying voice reached his ears. He just harrumphed into the mattress, not bothering with a real reply. He hoped his brother would get the hint that he just wanted to be left alone; spoiler alert, he didn’t. Instead Dean felt the mattress dip as his brother’s lanky frame sat next to him where he still lay face down. “Come on man. Talk to me.”
“I promise papa. That’s why I’m wearing my new pretty boots today” She replied, making Cas smile fondly. He loved his little girl.
“Fuck.” He whimpered, so lost in pleasure he couldn’t even think straight. His boyfriend’s tongue kept pushing in, fucking his hole, and Dean felt his body shaking from how good it was. “God Cas, just like that.” He babbled.
“Yeah, I hear ya. My brother bugs the crap out of me sometimes too, but he has my back. I uh… I actually just came out to him a couple of months ago and he real cool about it. Actually, it was kina funny, he didn’t care that I was gay, he just teased me about having a crush on one of my student’s parents and asked if you were a DILF…” Dean’s babbling cut off and his eyes shut tight as he prayed a hole would appear below him and suck him right in. He felt his face get hot again and it was the deep gravely laugh that made him open his eyes and look up at Cas. The other man had his head back in laughter before he looked in Dean’s eyes; lips turned into smirk.
“Okay, I’ll, uh… I guess I’ll ask him.” He hesitated to agree. He had barely gotten through the whole ‘coming out’ part and was now being thrust right into the ‘meet the parent’s’ part without a second to breath.
“No. They uh… they threw me out of the house and disowned me, when they found out I had ‘knocked up’ a girl I wasn’t even dating.” Those damn air quotes made the butterflies reappear inside Dean. The man was way too adorable for his age. “It was bad enough that I was gay, but having a child out of wedlock too? That was too much for them. Gabriel took me in and helped me with Bee. I was fresh out of college with no money to my name and no job yet. I would have been on the streets if he hadn’t been there for me.”
When he walked in, there was a heavy-set black woman writing on the board. She turned to him with a smile when she heard him come in. “You must be Mr. Winchester.” She said cheerfully as she held her hand out “I’m Missouri Moseley.”
"You really think you will be able to handle something in your ass after I hit your hole hard 10 times?" Cad asked chuckling.
When he got to his room, he threw his jacket on his desk chair and stripped down to his boxers, before he slipped underneath the covers of his bed.  He didn’t remember ever being this happy before in his life. He fell asleep that night with a smile on his face, as he thought about how their next date at Cas’ house would go.
“F-fuck.” He whimpered as Cas pulled his hard cock out and gave it a few tugs. His eyes were shut tight in pleasure and he felt a tongue lick the underside of his cock from base to tip. His knees buckled; Cas’ strong hands pinning him to the door were the only thing that stopped him from falling. He heard a dark chuckle before his cock was surrounded by the hot wet heat of Cas mouth, as the older man took him to the root.
that those damn shorts had caused. When he finally made his was back to the garage, Dean had already changed into proper clothes and they climbed into the car to begin the 10-hour drive to the vamp nest.
That night, after he got into bed, Dean had a sudden realization. He had a boyfriend now. That meant he finally had a
“It’s fine Dean. I’m not upset with you. Gabe on the other hand should sleep with one eye open.: He seethed, thinking of his soon to be dead brother.
Cas was just finishing typing up the last of the financial report he was currently working on, when he heard his roommate’s loud footsteps coming down the hallway from his bedroom.
“I did Shoplift. Maybe Something is where it is not supposed to be.” Dean chuckled, pushing back against Novak a little.
Dean gasped and before he could think about what he was doing, he pushed open the door. “Cas?” He asked in awe. Cas jumped and turned to face him, eyes wide and jaw slack.
Dean whimpered into the kiss, licking his lips when Cas pulled away. He had never resented dinner so badly in his entire life.
"I want to fuck your ass love. Do you want me to finger you open first, or just shove my cock in your ass?" He asked. He knew Dean loved it rough.
It had been New Year’s Eve and his friends had pressured him to go to the party that the most popular fraternity was throwing. He had always been accused as being a stick-in-the-mud, so he went just to appease them. He ended up drinking much more than he has originally planned. His friend Meg had somehow convinced him that it would be a great idea if they ‘hooked up’ as she said. What ended up happening was probably one of the most awkward sexual encounters in existence. It also cemented the fact that he was definitely 100% gay. Two months after that, Meg had come to him crying that she was pregnant. She didn’t want to keep the baby and was planning on putting it up for adoption. She only told him because he was the father. He was terrified at the thought of having a kid. But he was even more sick at the thought of giving his own child up. He begged Meg to give him custody of their child.
"Yeah. Do you have my address?" Dean slowly untangled himself and sat up, blinking sleepy green eyes and running a hand through his mussy hair.
“Yeah Yeah, Charles.” He grumbled back, blushing, as he climbed back up onto his seat above the tank. He pushed thoughts of the older man out of his head and tried to focus on the kids at the booth to avoid another lung full of water. The last thing he needed was to drown in a damn dunk tank because he was thinking with his downstairs brain. He most likely would never see the other man again anyway, and even if he did, its not like Dean would have a shot. The man was most likely straight. Plus, Dean was a 22-year-old closeted gay virgin. Not really much of a catch. So, he shook himself out of those thoughts and spent the rest of his time in the tank not thinking about those blue eyes.
“Ugh.” He grunted in response, throwing an arm across his face in embarrassment at being found out. Charlie pulled the arm away and he looked up at her, and saw the sympathetic look on her face.
“Oh fuck.” Dean moaned at the first lick of Cas’ tongue. He had been hesitant when Cas first asked about it. The idea of someone licking his asshole didn’t sound pleasant, or sanitary for that matter. But apparently it felt
“Alright, I think we’ve heard enough jokes.” He butted it. “I need to pick up Bee from school soon so I think we are finished here.” He stood up and the other two followed. He walked Dean out to his car and kissed him goodbye.
Cas walked out of the bedroom and found Dean in the kitchen. He walked up behind him and wrapped his arms around his waist and kissed his cheek. "Sorry Love. Don't worry about it. I won't bring it up again." He said. He was disappointed but he wasn't going to let it show. He really did love Dean and if Dean couldn't give him this tiny thing, he would just try to forget about it. He didn't want to lose his boy.
Bobby seemed taken back with such an honest reply. It took him a few seconds to compose himself to reply back. “ Listen son, Dean has been through a lot in his life. I don’t want to see him go through any more rough stuff than he has to. If you are just stringing him along just to get your jollies off, I will hurt you. And I don’t care if you are a police officer. I will make it look like an accident. If you so much as hurt a single hair on Deans head, I will hurt you too.”
“Ugh, fine. Thank you.” He grumbled reluctantly. “The date is on Friday and I’m making you help me get ready for it. I haven’t the first clue how to dress for a date.”
He had been chilling on the couch one night, watching Dr. Sexy, when Cas had stepped out of the bathroom in just a towel. When Dean turned his head at the sound of the bathroom door, he froze at the sight of his half-naked best friend. He remembered being mesmerized by the droplets of water that dripped slowly down Cas’ toned chest, catching on the towel wrapped around his trim waist. The sharp hip bones peaking out above the towel had him chubbing up in his sweats and he had had to discretely cover his lap with a couch pillow. Ever since that night, he began having a realization. What he thought was just a normal appreciation was actually attraction. And he was pretty freaking positive he was attracted to his best friend.
“I think that would be appropriate.” Cas quirked his eyebrow playfully. And then they both leaned in, lips touching gently before they tilted their heads to deepen it. It wasn’t heated, or passionate, but it was perfect. Cas sighed into it and ran his fingers through Dean’s hair. It only lasted seconds before they pulled back to smile shyly at each other.
“We jerk off, together, but we have to have a normal conversation while we do it. Whoever loses their train of thought first loses.” He repeated slowly. “It ain't that hard to understand Cas.” He scoffed, “I saw it in a Meme. Here, look… I'll show you…” Dean pulled his phone out and fiddled with the screen before turning it around to show Cas. “See!”
Their bodies slid together, grinding against one another as Dean moved inside him. Cas’ hands glided up and down Dean’s back, touching any skin he could get ahold of. Dean didn’t speed up, he just lazily thrust into him. It felt so much more intense than last night. This felt heavy; like they were making love. He knew that’s not what Dean intended, since he didn’t feel that way about Cas, but he couldn’t help wishing. Couldn’t help feeling like this meant more than just sex. Like they were two boyfriends making love after cuddling all night. His heart clenched at the thought and he had to hold back the tears he felt trying to well up. He didn’t want to ruin this.
“Boy! Your head must be so far up in them clouds. I called your name five times and you ain't heard a one.” Missouri tutted at him; eyebrow raised in reprimand.
"This is your last chance to get out of this before we start. I will not go easy on you once I've had a taste. I want you to give me your safe word and your color right now."
, Dean wanted to say, but instead he just wished Cas a good afternoon and they said goodbye and that was it. No big to-do, just Bye have a good day. All of that pining and it was all just over.
"Well that's good at least. I um... I was also kinda hoping you'd say I was the oldest guy you've been with." Cas blushed.
“You're such an ass.” He chuckled fondly, before tackling Dean to the into the bed. He decided sex sounded like a really good idea, and he wanted to take advantage, since he now had permission to touch freely. Who knew what other great ideas his roommate-er-
Dean shrugged, "Only ones that paid." He looked embarrassed, "Sometimes I just needed the extra cash." He relaxed slowly under the gentle touches, having expected the opposite.
"Yeah. You're still lucky I didn't punish you for that you little shit." Cas laughed as he pulled out of his driveway and headed towards the Diner.
“Yes, I’m Castiel.” He nodded, holding his hand out to shake.  “Cas for short.” The shook hands and then she turned to look at his daughter.
“Cool” she replied before eating another bite of her food. Cas smiled kindly at the other man, knowing he was still in the process of coming out to people. Dean probably shouldn’t have chosen that moment to take a sip of his water.
“What is it sweetheart? You know you can tell us anything.” His mom assured him and he smiled sadly.
"I am very much amenable." Dean rolled his eyes at the language and leaned in, kissing him softly on the lips, more sensually and lovingly than usually.
Cas felt humiliated now. He left his kitchen and walked to his bedroom and curled up on his bed hoping Dean would just leave.
Cas loved how animalistic Dean got. He put his thumb in too and pushed into Dean's ass as hard as he could, till his whole hand slipped in and Dean's hole closed around his wrist.
The video played in front of them, and he felt Dean’s breath hitch before he placed his hand on Cas’ leg, slowly working it up until he cupped Cas’ bulge. Cas gasped in surprise and shifted his hips up to push against Dean’s hand. He quickly reached down to unbutton his jeans and push them down below his hard cock, and he looked over at Dean’s lap watching him do the same. They both reached out simultaneously to grasp the other’s dick in their hand and let out twin groans of pleasure.
“Its awesome. I keep trying to get Dean to come back and LARP with me. He was such a great handmaiden.” She sighed wistfully. Cas chuckled. He couldn’t really picture Dean doing something like that; something so…
“Yes, well…I was wondering- that is- I uh, wanted to know if, maybe, you would like to go out. To uh, dinner. Go out to dinner. With me. “Cas stammered out, as awkwardly as Dean felt, and he could just picture the adorable blush the older man must be sporting right now. Then his words finally registered in Dean’s slow brain.
Cas grabbed a handful of Dean's hair in his fist and jerked his head back as he kept fucking him. He loved hearing his boy whimper. "I love the sounds you make when I fuck your ass hard."
Cas pulled Dean hard against himself to hug. "I thought you wanted your own space so I was afraid to ask you to live with me." He admitted.
“Something like that.” He winked as he got up and made him way into the bedroom, shutting the door behind him.
"I wouldn't be averse to that." Cas replied. And then averted his eyes and blushed. He didn't mean to actually say that. As much as he'd love for Dean to move in, he didn't want to scare him away.
Cas reached around to undo the hunter’s fly, before he yanked the man’s pants down below his ass. He undid his own pants as well and took his throbbing length in his hand, moaning at the relief of pressure against his cock. He touched the hunter’s back and sent a tendril of grace through his boyfriends’ body, getting it ready for his cock since he lacked the patience and proper supplies to do it the human way. He guided his cock to Dean’s hole and pushed in hard, bottoming out in one thrust, causing a yelp to escape the other man.
"Safe word impala, color green." Dean told him breathlessly, green eyes wide and glazed over with lust. He swallowed hard, looking into Castiels equally lustful blue eyes.
Over and over, Cas thrust into him, nailing his prostate on every few thrusts and Dean felt his orgasm building. “I’m gonna come!” He yelled, before he felt his body tense up and his cock erupt below him, completely untouched. He heard Cas groan behind him and his hips falter before he felt his insides being painted in his boyfriend’s release. It could have been hours later, but was probably only minutes when Cas finally pulled his softening cock out of him and flopped on his back next to Dean, pulling him to lay on his chest.
“Get your head out of the clouds Winchester!” Charlie shouted at him laughing. She probably knew exactly what had been going through his head.
Damn, he really needed to lay off the Buzzfeed articles before he talked himself into a panic attack.
Cas followed Dean into the bathroom, noticing how sore Dean looked. "Do you want a shower? Or would you rather a hot bath?"
“Y-you don’t need to…. fuck…to deep throat Dean. Just…. uh…just suck on, on what you can.” Cas told him in between breaths. Hearing the clear arousal in Cas’ voice had Dean craving more. He began bobbing his head up and down, sucking on the head each time he came up. He fondled Cas balls with his free hand as he continued his ministrations. After a little while, his jaw began to ache, but he was determined to do this. He doubled his efforts, bobbing his head faster as he stroked his hand in time with his mouth. He was so hard in his pants that he released Cas’ balls and reached town inside his boxers to stroke his own cock. It was difficult maintaining the rhythm of his head while he jerked himself, but if the noises Cas was making were any indication, he was doing fine.
Holy Shit. Guess they were masturbating together. Cas followed suit and undid his pants before reaching inside and grasping his hard cock. He breathed a sigh of relief once he touched himself and let out a low moan as he began to stroke it. He must have been louder than he thought if the “fuck Cas” Dean let out was any indication. He opened his eyes that he hadn’t even realized were closed, and met Dean’s awed stare. He was caught in those green eyes that he had come to love so much, unable to look away, even as they both stroked themselves inside their pants. His cock was so hard, there was barely enough room to stroke it inside his boxer briefs, but he was too scared to pull it out, not wanting to push too far for his straight roommate. He needn’t have been concerned because not long after, Dean made the decision for him, pulling out his own hard cock. Cas’ mouth began to water at the sight. Dean had a beautiful dick; hard and long, the tip flushed a bright red, with a dot of pre-cum beading on the slit.
Cas watched the movie Dean picked. He was surprised he actually liked it. But honestly, he couldn't wait for it to be over so he could have Dean's full attention, even if Maui was kind of funny.
“I think I know now why he ran. It’s not really my place to tell but I’m going to have a few words with the knucklehead and convince him to call you.” She promised.
Dean woke up with a groan; his head felt like someone took a jackhammer to it, and his mouth tasted like ass. He pushed himself to a sitting position and held his throbbing head in his hands, trying to will away the massive hangover. He was about to stand up when the memories of the previous night rushed to the front of his brain. “fuck” he muttered to himself. Why did he decide drinking that much would be a good idea? And what possessed him to suggest truth or dare? He really should have listened to Cas when he said they were too old for it. Then he wouldn’t be sitting here, feeling like a coward too afraid to face his roommate. His roommate who he jerked off with last night. The same roommate who fled when they finished and left Dean sitting in the living room alone, regretting his entire existence.
“Hi Bianca. Please, call me Dean. I’m not your teacher anymore.” He told her kindly, causing her to wrinkle her nose.
"Mhm. Better than okay. I came without permission though." Dean kissed Castiel’s chest gently, pressing their bodies together sticky and happy.
“You being a virgin is not a deal breaker for me Dean.” He assured him. “And now that I know, I wont push for anything you aren’t ready for. We can go at your pace. You just tell me what you are comfortable with. I wish I had known before that you have no experience so I knew not to push for anything other than kissing.”
“So…How did I do?” His tone was joking but he really hoped he did good. He heard Cas chuckle above him and he looked up to meet his eye.
Of course, Dean talked with his mouthful Cas thought as he chuckled. "I'm glad you like it Dean. You deserve good things."
“Its really not a problem Dean.” He assured again as he sat back down and patted the seat next to him which Dean quickly occupied. Cas put his arm around the younger man’s shoulders as he kissed the side of his head. “Would you like to watch a movie?” He asked, not wanting their night to end quite yet.
, did he want to stay in a house that was haunted. All of a sudden, he felt the couch cushion next to him dip and a disembodied voice speak.
"Only if you want to. Like I said, I love sleeping next to you. But it's fine if you need some time to yourself too." Cas didn't want to seem clingy. A Dom should not be clingy.
Cas pulled off Dean's cock right before he was about to come. He was delighted to watch his boy thrash around when he stopped right before he could finish.
“Yeah man, its my last day. I was only student teaching for the semester. Now that its over, I don’t need to anymore. I’ll be able to get my teaching certificate soon and have to start applying around. It’s possible ya know, I could end up back here, but… no guarantees.” He shrugged sadly, knowing this was the last conversation he’d have with the older man.
“Nope. Nope we do not.” John quickly interjected as he got up from his chair. The rest of them stood as well and John held his hand out for Cas who took it.
“Thanks Cas.” Dean said sincerely. “And uh, thanks for being cool with the whole, ya know…virgin thing.” He gestured at whole body and Cas just waved him off good naturedly.
“Nothin’ Cas. I’m fine. Hey, you want Chinese for dinner? Chinese sounds good.” Dean babbled in an obvious attempt to change the subject. Cas didn’t call him out either. But he was starting to get really suspicious of his friend. Lately, Dean had been acting very secretive. This wasn’t the first time he had ended a call quickly once Cas came into the room. And his smiles hadn’t been sincere the last few weeks either. Any time Cas even attempted to figure out what was wrong, Dean just brushed him off and changed the subject. It was really starting to grate on Cas’ nerves.
Dean took his shirt off and decided he might as well take his pants off too before he climbed in Cas’ bed to sit against the headboard. He waited anxiously for Cas to come back, the anticipation of what they were about to do was making his cock chub up in his briefs. He was about to have full on sex with his best friend. His best friend who he was slowly falling in love with. Fuck, this was either a really good, or a really bad idea, he wasn’t sure which.
Castiel could tell that Dean wasn't expecting how big he was. But his bratty little sub kind of deserved it. And he had a safe word if he needed. So, he gently kept pushing his 10-inch-long, and thick cock inside of Dean. His tight hole was really squeezing his cock beautifully and he had a feeling he wouldn't last long once he started really fucking Dean.
He leaned up a bit and grabbed both of Dean’s wrists before twisting them behind the man’s back as he fucked into him, using his wrists as leverage to pound deep.
"Is that how your paid customers treated you? They just used you? What about aftercare?" Cas asked, a little taken aback. He didn't just want to use Dean for his body. Sure, he loved a bratty sub, but he loved when they behaved too and he got to reward them. Aftercare was one of his favorite parts.
Dean started to feel bad. He didn’t intend to embarrass his friend; he was just so caught of guard with the whole thing and found it hilarious. He forgot how insecure Cas was at his ‘lack of people skills’ as he always put it. Well, he’d have to make the drive over there to apologize. Maybe if he embarrassed himself a bit, Cas would feel better.
“Ah, good choice.” Cas said from right beside Dean. He jumped in the air, but just managed to avoid screeching in surprise as the man was much closer than he expected.
“You look like a drowned rat.” She laughed at him. That was not entirely inaccurate. His clothes and hair were soaked. He hadn’t originally planned to be in the dunk tank, so he wasn’t wearing a bathing suit. He just had on a pair of denim shorts and a white tank. Luckily, he had brought a change of clothes in his car because he had planned on changing before they went to eat anyway.
“More Cas.” He begged and Cas complied. He slowly pulled out, until the head tugged on his rim, before he pushed back in just as slow. “Fuck.” He moaned as the pain started turning to pleasure. Cas continued his slow thrusts, leaning over to cover Dean’s body with his own. The change in angle had Cas nailing his prostate making Dean yell in pleasure. “God, Fuck, Yes Cas!”
“Huh…?” He muttered, as he shook himself out of his thoughts and look up at Dean's face. He noticed the other man smirking.
“My name is Bianca Novak. Something fun I did this summer was make Mr. Winchester fall into the dunk tank at the Carnival.” She smiled with a glint in her eye.
Cas pulled away. "I truly love that even though I'm supposed to be the Dom, that aside from sex, you can pull me out of my head. You are more mature than me sometimes love." Cas chuckled.
Dean quickly obeyed, scrambling onto the bed and waiting on his bed for further instruction, finding himself wanting to be really good for Castiel.
“How long were you listening outside my door?” Cas asked Dean. His voice was quivering in fear and embarrassment. He prayed Didn’t hear his conversation with Charlie.
“Yes! I knew it! I’m so happy for you guys!” She yelled excitedly. They talked for a few minutes before ending the call. Dean turned to look at Cas and reached his hand up to cradle his jaw.
They ended up ordering Chinese food and watching a movie while they ate. By the time bedtime rolled around, they were both tired and there had been no signs of anything remotely paranormal. Cas had gone to bed frustrated that Gabe still thought he was lying.
"Fuck Dean! Your hand feels so good." Cas exclaimed as he fucked up into Dean's fist making Dean smile. Dean bent his head to take Cas inside his mouth, sucking up and down his length, and moaning around him.
Dean shivered and grinned. "You can try." He popped a piece of chocolate from his pocket into his mouth.
"No, silly. For the view. Look at it." Dean climbed out and sat on the hood of the car, breathing fresh air you could only get up high in the city.
episode, especially since there is only five episodes left. They really should have-should have done more.” Cas managed to reply, breath heavy as he stroked his own cock. They had only just started and already he was turning into a mess, just knowing his roommate had his cock out right beside him.
Cas turned Dean on his side so he could snuggle up behind him. He hoped they both got a good night sleep because he planned on having a serious conversation when they woke up.
Cas looked up as Dean came into his room. "Why would you be surprised I've never Dated Dean? I'm weird as hell."
fallen in love with you." Cas finished. He was so nervous about Dean's response that he couldn't meet his eyes and looked down at their clasped hands instead.
“Oh…” He heard his brother’s surprise through the phone line. The longer he waited for more of a response, the more he began to panic that maybe he had been wrong. Maybe his brother wasn’t okay with the fact that he also liked guys. Before he could send himself into an anxiety attack though, Sam spoke again.
"Yes sir." Dean rasped, hole fluttering at the feel of the leather, wanting desperately to be filled but not knowing how that would happen since Cas just came.
“Well I need to be getting my little girl home. It was nice talking to you Dean. Have a great weekend/” He told the other man sincerely.
“Ok sweetheart. Hurry up so we can get there on time.” He replied before he turned and walked back downstairs. He grabbed his keys and wallet from the basket by the door as he waited for her to come down. One thing he learned very early on as a parent was that he would most likely be late to everything now that he had a kid. The first few years were the hardest though. He had only been 22 when Bianca was born. She was the result of a one-night stand.
Dean straightened his shirt for the millionth time and Sam laughed from the back seat. "You act like it’s your first time meeting him Dean. Why are you worried about impressing him right now?” Sam said as he continued to chuckle.
“Yeah?” Dean breathed out gently in what seemed to be surprised relief and Cas nodded in answer. “You’re really okay with me being a virgin and all?”
Dean sang playfully with the songs and played with Castiel’s fingers as he watched, finally turning to face him when it was over. "So, did you like it?"
“Um… No. Actually I don't. How do I not have your address yet Dean? We've been seeing each other for over a month now." Cas was kind of surprised he didn't know where Dean lived yet.
“It’s in the song Papa.” She rolled her eyes “What does that mean? How do you make the bad guys good for a weekend though?” She questioned again. Cas could see Dean doubled over now, and Cas sent a glare his way before turning back to his daughter.
He was brought out of his reminiscing by his phone buzzing and he pulled it out to read the text he received.
“I’m sorry. I just feel like I’ll be taking advantage of you seeing as I am 15 years older than you. But it doesn't make me want you any less” as Castiel talked, the waitress delivered their food and they ate in silence. Castiel felt out of his depth. He hoped Dean would still want him once dinner was done.
"I scheduled this day to see you, so I'm free. Didn’t exactly expect all this aftercare talk but...it’s nice." Dean sat up and pulled on his panties and pants, tugging his short over his head and slipping on shoes as Cas got ready as well.
Dean didn’t answer right away. He didn’t want to lie. But he didn’t want to hurt Cas’ feelings either.
He had spent a long time in the shower earlier, before Cas had arrived at his house. He had made sure to clean himself thoroughly. He had even bought and used an enema to make sure he was squeaky clean.
“Holy fuck.” He managed to pant out as he looked at his boyfriend’s face. Cas’ hair was sticking up everywhere from Deans hands gripping it, and he looked the picture of debauched. He watched Cas push down his own pants to pull his cock out and he began stroking it. Dean’s brain finally came back online and he reached out to stop Cas.
“Y-you um… Do you still have them?” Cas asked, voice slightly wavering as his body started reacting to the thought of his best friend in the panties.
“What the fuck…?” He questioned out loud to himself as he pulled them out of the box. They were actually pretty nice toys too, much better than the ones he currently had in his nightstand. But he knew he didn’t order them. He reached around inside the box, hoping to find a clue as to why they were sent to him, and he found a little white card that he pulled out to read.
“Thank you for being honest with me sweetheart. I like bottoming on occasion but I’ll try to remember you don’t like it in the future.” Cas replied. He was bummed Dean didn’t like it. But he was also touched that Dean tried just for him.
“Hi Bianca. Dean told me you are in third grade this year. How do you like school?” Sam asked, which lead Bianca to start babbling all about her class and all of her friends, and soon the atmosphere lightened up as the adults smiled and chuckled at her theatrical storytelling.
Dean grunted in surprise, feeling his hole stretch painfully and giving a small whimper. There was just enough lube that he was able to push in but it kept coming and Dean groaned, feeling it deep in his belly.
November and December passed much the same way September and October had; fast and in the blink of an eye. His daily short chats with Cas being the highlight of most of his days. It was already December 23
“Well, that one is from a mold of my own penis.” Cas said nonchalantly. Dean dropped the dildo in his hand and through some magical fumbling, said toy didn’t fall on the floor.
! it's not something you do with your roommate!” He hissed as his face began to heat with the blush he was, no doubt sporting. He been crushing on his green-eyed roommate for two years now and the thought of doing anything sexual together had his cock plumping up in his sweats.
Dean followed him slowly, locking up the house before he met Cas in the bedroom. He wanted to give Cas time to follow his orders. But the main reason he was taking his time was to psych himself up for this. Dean was not a top or a Dom by any means. And he was well aware of this fact. But it was so sweet of Cas to try to plan this for him. And he could tell Cas actually wanted this. So, he was determined to at least try to pull this off. So, Dean made his way into the bedroom where Cas was laid out in bed. He got the cuffs out and secured all four of Cas’ limbs to each bed post.
"Good boy. I'm going to give you a choice now since you are behaving so well. I know you want me cock in your mouth. I can either put this ring gag on you and fuck your face, but you have to remain still and take what I give you. Or, I could let you suck my cock how you want with no restrictions and you can do it exactly how you want and even touch me while you do it. Which one do you want my love?" He asked as he carded his fingers through Dean's hair.
“God, Cas, I’m gonna…fuck…I’m gonna come in my pants again.” Dean grunted out between rolls of his sexy hips. Every time their cocks rubbed together; Cas felt his orgasm getting closer.
“I still don’t want to talk about it, Red.” He mumbled before hiding his face in his pillow. He really hoped Charlie had not actually figured anything out because it was embarrassing enough to think of without someone else being privy to the real reason he left Cas’.
Dean ran eagerly into the house, practically vibrating with excitement as he looked at Cas, waiting for instructions
Ok my lovely readers. This is my first real multi-chapter fic that I'm posting on a regular basis. And I'm extremely excited about that. This will be a fic and then a sequel after. This entire Fic is from  RP with my amazing Girl who I have listed as my co-creator. And the first part of this fic is completely finished in RP. I just have to tweak it all to actually post it in chapters. But it's all already written so just basic editing at this point.
“Dean it is then. I'm, uh, I'm surprised to see you here. I thought you were a student volunteer this summer at the fair when you were in the dunk tank.” He probed further; voice laced with confusion.
“Ngh! F-fuck.” Dean moaned, the feeling so foreign, but it lit him up inside. Cas continued to work his finger in and out of Dean, stretching him until his rim began to relax. Cas curled his finger upward and Dean yelped as a jolt of intense pleasure rushed through him. That must be his prostate that was just hit. Cas hit it a few more times, making Dean shake with pleasure, before he felt a second finger begin working in alongside the first. He hissed at the stretch, and Cas rubbed a soothing hand up the inside of his thighs, shushing him as he gently worked him open.
“Um…let’s go somewhere private to talk.” Cas muttered quietly, and Dean could see his cheeks turning pink.
“I believe we may have ruined that pair.” Cas surmised sadly causing Dean to chuckle at the despondent look on his boyfriend’s face.
“Go. Get ready and get to work on time. I’ll lock up when I leave. I need to do a few things today but I’ll be back tonight and we can relax and watch a movie babe.” Dean said as he kissed Cas on the cheek before making his way into the kitchen to clean up from breakfast. He had a huge smile on his face knowing he would be living here soon. He heard Cas get ready and leave the house.
“Yeah, yeah…just…fuck…. just sore. Keep going.” He assured him. But instead of pushing in, he felt Dean pull out. Before he could ask why, Dean pulled on his hip making him roll over onto his back. Dean climbed between his legs and positioned his cock back at Cas’ entrance.
"Well growing up I always heard my older brothers when they engaged in sexual activities. I didn't realize that wasn't something that was normal." Cas replied slightly embarrassed.
Cas was distracted throughout his day. He couldn't stop thinking about Dean and how much he really did want him to move in. He knew he was probably crazy, but he fell hard and fast for his boy. And he didn't want to be away from him anymore than he needed to. But Dean was only 20. He probably didn't want to be stuck like that to some 35-year-old weirdo. Cas sighed. He couldn't wait to get home and see Dean tonight.
, led them here; both of them were tipsy and Dean just confessed to another secret that Cas couldn’t believe.
“Look at me officer, don’t you see me? What does it make you want to do to me?” Dean ran his tongue over his lips seductively.
Cas felt Dean slowly drift off to sleep and smiled. He felt himself drifting as well. He could only hope that when they woke up from their morning nap, Dean would still be here and they could really make something of this. Only time would tell.
uncomfortable drive.” He joked, and Cas was glad to hear that he didn’t sound uncomfortable this time.
“Dude. I’ve figured you were gay for years.” Sam scoffed. “You have always had male celebrity crushes. It wasn’t that hard to figure out.
“Oh yeah?” Dean was intrigued. He tore through the wrapping paper and lifted the lid of the box, and then threw his head back in laughter when he saw what was inside. “Oh…m-my god…. Cas, y-you got…me…. a sex…a sex toy?” He managed between laughs.
“Welcome children! Please find the desk with your name on it and put away your supplies in your desk. Once you do that, hang your backpacks on the hooks on the left wall and place any lunch bags on the table underneath them. Then please come back to your seats and we will all introduce ourselves.” Missouri stated and then there was a quick flurry of activity as the children followed her directions.
Cas pulled Dean down to sit on his lap. "I can definitely tell you have had to be strong and mature before you should have, love. I hope my insecurities haven't exacerbated that." He said seriously.
"My bratty little sub. How about we go take a shower before we start sticking together." Cas said as he kissed Dean's forehead.
"You look so good stretched around my cock love." Cas grunted as he fucked his cock in Dean's ass hard. He laid his body completely over Dean's as he grabbed his wrists and held them together above his head on the pillow. He was fucking Dean harder and harder. His ass felt so good on Cas' cock.
Bianca danced to a few more songs, as the two men made idle chatter, until the oven timer went off. They made their way into the kitchen and Cas served them each a plate of food once they were all sitting around the table. They ate in mostly silence, enjoying the delicious meal Cas had made; Dean complimenting him on his cooking skills and Cas blushing at the praise. They were almost finished eating when Bianca piped in again.
“Hey Cas.” The butterflies in his stomach felt like they were doing the quick step. “So, uh…where are we going tonight?”
Dean chuckled, continuing to hit his very sensitive prostate. "Now you just have to deal with painful overstimulation until I finish. Your loss.”
Dean was eating pasta, and watching Cas pick at his, when he finally set his fork down. "Okay, what is it?”
He stood up and walked to the dresser where he grabbed a pair of sweats and an old band tee that he quickly put on before following after his brother into the kitchen, where he found him pulling out all of the drawers in search for whatever he had been missing. Cas began to help and eventually found the missing toiletry bag in his bread box.
“I’m, uh n-not sure.” He stammered, mind still racing at what just happened. “I think my options just opened up though.”
He went to his bedroom to get dressed before returning downstairs to the kitchen to grab dinner. He opened the fridge to grab his leftovers from last night so he could heat them up, but when he looked inside, they weren’t there. Huh? He knew he put them there last night, and since he forgot to bring them to work today in his frantic rush to get there on time, they should still be in the fridge. But it was empty. He even checked in the freezer but no dice. He decided to check the garbage, and sure enough, the empty Thai food containers were in there.
"We really should shower." Dean murmured, "And I can wash the bedspread for you since I messed it up."
“I don’t wanna talk about it.” He whined petulantly, not caring if he sounded like a child right now. He was sad,
Dean climbed off of his lap and sat beside him as they both tucked their softening cocks back inside their jeans. Cas reached over on the end table for a tissue and wiped his hand the best he could.
Dean paused in the doorway, turning around, still wearing Castiel’s boxers. There was an expression on his face Castiel had never seen before. "Don’t you ever tell me that I've lied to you about my sexuality again. Ever. It's taken me a long time to come to grips with and talk to my family about after how I was raised. So, fuck you, and fuck you for thinking I'm lying." Dean threw the egg he was holding at castiel, snatching up his clothes and stomping out the door.
“Yeah, yeah.” She waved her hand dismissively, like she did every time he complained. “So… how was your first day?” She asked, after the waitress delivered her drink. It was some fruity abomination that Dean turned his nose up at, before he slumped down over the table. “Ugh, it was mostly fine. Kids were hyper but no real troublemakers so far. They're freaking
Cas gripped Dean's cheeks and spread them apart. He dove in and buried his tongue in his beautiful boy's ass.
“F-fuck.” He whimpered as Cas began working his wet muscle inside of his ass, stretching him open, preparing him for more. He alternated deep pushes and quick flicks of his tongue, reducing Dean to a trembling mess.
"What, about strawberry jam? I love it on toast. And yes, I bought it. Legally." Dean pushed past him into the house, chuckling.
When he woke up in the morning, he went about his normal routine; coffee, showering, brushing his teeth etc. It wasn’t until he had fully woken up that he remembered about the past and he chuckled to himself about the whole thing.
“Fuck Cas. I’ve wanted to do that forever.” Dean confessed quietly, voice heavy and deep with arousal.
“Fuck!” He yelled. “Was that my fucking prostate?” He wondered aloud, and he heard Cas chuckle behind him.
“Sure.” Dean replied as he cuddled against Cas’ side, filling Cas with warmth as they settled together comfortably. He sighed in contentment, glad they had cleared the air and were moving on from last week. He felt hopeful again that things would look up from here.
When they reached the restaurant, they were seated immediately, lucking out that there was no wait. The waiter took their drink order and both men glanced at their menus in silence. Once they ordered their food, and the waiter took their menus away, Cas glanced up at Dean.
“Serious offenses? Some shoplifting and vandalism…certainly not anything I’ll be killed for.” Dean slowly stepped closer, green eyes twinkling. “Besides, I got what I wanted.” He smirked.
Cas watched Dean explode and saw the tears soaking his blindfold. Two more thrusts and he was coming. Breathing hard, he pulled out and tossed the condom. He grabbed tissues from the nightstand and wiped Dean's release from his body. He reached up and undid the restraints on Dean's wrists and removed the blindfold. He then settled himself next to Dean and pulled him into his arms. "Such a good boy Dean. I’m so proud of you." He said as he kissed the top of Dean's head.
With trembling lips Cas breathed out a quiet “Yes.” He stared at the bedroom floor, tears welling in his eyes. This was it; the moment Dean would tell him their friendship was over. He hadn’t even in a million years expected what came next. Dean rushed to him and crashed their lips together, pulling him into a passionately heated kiss. Cas froze in shock, before his lips got with the program and he kissed back, titling his head to deepen their kiss. It lasted till they both had to come up for air, and Dean pulled back before resting his forehead against Cas’.
He was so busy checking himself out on the mirror, admiring how the lingerie accentuated his features, when he heard a throat clearing behind him. He spun around startled, and saw Cas leaning against his bedroom door, arms crossed over his chest and an unreadable look on his face.
He grabbed Dean’s hips and pulled their groins flush; their hard cocks brushing together through the layers of denim. The younger man moaned and Cas repeated the action, hands guiding Dean’s hips to gyrate on top of him. Dean seemed to get the picture and before long he was grinding in Cas’ lap on his own, his fingers gripping Cas’ hair as their tongues danced together. A particularly sinuous roll of his hips had Cas groaning and gripping the younger man’s lower back tight to him.
“What questions do you have? I’ll try to answer anything you want to ask.” Cas said kindly, smiling as he held Deans hand.
walk out of the school with his daughter, his brain still reeling from seeing him again. Over the past two months since the Carnival, he had convinced himself that he had imagined just how sexy the other man was; That is mind must have over-exaggerated just how blue his eyes had been, that is jaw wasn't really that chiseled, and that his hair wasn't really that sexy. But nope, he definitely hadn't remembered wrong. Castiel still looked like a Greek god; Features so perfect, they could have been chiseled in stone. The fact that the dude turned out to be kind of dorky and awkward, only made him that much more attractive to Dean. What grown man still blushed like that talking to a teacher? An adorable one, that’s who.
Castiel woke up slowly, his dream fading to the background as he became aware of his surroundings. The bright light shining through the curtains made him groan and try to roll over away from it. That’s when he realized a few things. One, he wasn’t alone in his bed. That became clear when he couldn’t move because a strong arm was wrapped around his waist, holding him in place. And two, there was something poking him in his backside. The moan he heard behind him clued him into exactly what that thing was.
"Oh boy." Cas chuckled. "You have no idea what you just got yourself into." He grabbed the ring gag and put it in Dean's mouth and secured the straps around his head. He was pleased that Dean put his hands where he told him. Dean's lips looked sinful stretched wide. Cas unzipped his slacks and pulled his cock out. He stroked it a couple of times to get it fully hard. He placed his hard cock in between Dean's lips and slowly slipped his cock into Dean's mouth. He got about halfway before he hit the beginning of his sub's throat.
“Fuck! Cas…” He moaned as his cock was deepthroated. His boyfriend bobbed his head up and down his hard length, his tongue wrapping around the head at each pass. His toes curled as Cas flicked his tongue just right under the head of his cock, before pushing it into the slit of his dick. “God, your f-fucking m-mouth.” He moaned, hand reaching out to grab a fist of Cas’ hair.
Charlie had dragged Dean to the mall on Sunday to help him pick out an outfit for his upcoming date. He figured it would be a quick trip, maybe try on a few clothes, have some lunch, and then go home to watch Dr. Sexy. He hadn’t known that Charlie wasn’t kidding with her ‘montage’ comment. She made him try on outfit after outfit, and by the end of it, he had felt like a model after a long day on the runway. He had been so exhausted when they got home that he fell into bed, and didn’t even get around to watching the new episode of his favorite show until the next day after classes.
Charlie had basically dragged Dean here, after two weeks of annoying him relentlessly, before he finally caved and agreed to come. He didn’t really want to, but Charlie insisted he needed to ‘put him self out there’ and ‘cheer the fuck up’-her words, not his. It was February, and it had been two months since he had finished teaching; two long months of Dean being a ‘miserable sack of shit’-again, Charlie’s words, not his. His last semester of school had started last month and he really tried to focus on his last few classes he needed before he could get his degree and start teaching for real, but his thoughts were consumed by the blue-eyed man he hadn’t seen since December.
The week went by, both too slowly, and too fast for Dean. Between classes, and picking up a few hours at his Uncle Bobby’s garage, he stayed busy; counting down the days until Friday and the Big Date. He mood constantly shifted between nervous and excited, rarely sticking to one before flipping to the other. The funny part is that the reasons he was excited wer the same reasons he was nervous.
“Relax, sweetheart. I’ll take good care of you.” And Dean believed him. Believed the calming words Cas was saying, and believed the sincerity in his voice. He knew Cas would be gentle, and would take care of him, because he always did. He nodded and Cas smiled, before he captured Dean’s lips with his own; gentle and firm he pressed their mouths together as he guided Dean towards the queen size bed.  Cas ran his hands up the back of Dean’s shirt, breaking the kiss long enough to pull the tee over Dean’s head, before he dove back in, his tongue demanding entrance that the younger man freely gave.
“Dude, don't be such a drama queen. This is a good thing! You’ll get to see your crush everyday now.”
Dean grunted, but scrambled to obey, presenting his ass like he was being inspected, even reaching back to hold his cheeks open so his hole was on display, still red from the day before.
“Yeah…fuck…yes.” Dean replied heavily, and Cas wasted no time undoing both of their jeans and pulling their hard cocks out, gripping them both tight in his fist. They both moaned loudly as the hot flesh of their cocks touched and Cas began stroking them together. It didn’t take long for the hot come to spurt from their hard lengths, covering his fists in both of their release. They were both breathing heavy, and Dean collapsed on top of him, pinning his come covered hand between them. “Fuck, Cas.”
“No. You can take any toy you like,” Cas said as he went about straightening a few toys on the top shelf.
"I want the ring gag sir. I want my mouth held open while you come into my stomach, so far down I don’t even swallow." Dean smirked, "besides, we agreed teeth were bad, right?” He said with a wink.
"Ok good...um..." Cas was so nervous. "Will you move in with me?" He asked quickly and kept his head down, afraid of the response.
“Fuck your cock feels so good in me.” Cas said through heavy breaths. Dean grabbed his hips, rubbing his thumbs over them.
He closed his eyes before finally confessing “I-I’m…I’m gay.” There, it was out there now. He was shaking inside, waiting for their reaction. He couldn’t bare to look up into their eyes, fearing he would see rejection written all over their faces. He suddenly felt the couch dip beside him and an arm wrap around his shoulder.
Dean laughed at that, "Okay, that's fair, but you can always learn." Dean glanced at him, "or let me cook, I guess." He kissed him again, arms winding around his neck.
“Fuck…” Dean whispered and Cas glanced to the side and watched his best friend unzip his jeans, before plunging his hand inside.
"Well I’m glad you aren't a one-night stand with me love." He replied as he kissed Dean's forehead. “They are ok with you being gay though right?" He asked worried.
Castiel was finally realizing that Dean loved his sex hard and fast. He knew he loved the slower sex they had previously, but he also loved it like this. He pulled his fist back a little and then punched his fist into Dean hard and and fast. He expected that it wouldn't take much for Dean to come since he was hitting his prostate almost every thrust of his hand.
That was four months ago and now Cas could not decide what to get his boyfriend for the holiday. Maybe Sam would have a good idea. With that thought, he left his room and made his way to the library where he figured Sam was most likely to be. He was right, the younger Winchester was sitting at the table, reading through one of the large tomes. He looked up from his book and smiled when he saw Cas come into the room.
At 11:15 he got in the car and drove over to the location from the text. He pulled into the driveway of a very old-fashioned type home that looked like it was built in the 1960s. Paint seemed to be peeling from the house as he walked up the walkway and knocked on the front door. He waited for what seemed like forever before the door opened and his jaw dropped to the floor.
“Come on Bianca, it’s time to go to the dunk tank.” He told her, before pocketing his phone. They walked across the field to where the dunk tank was and got in line to wait. They didn’t have to wait long, and before he knew it, they were in the front of the line.
Cas woke up the next morning and smiled when he saw Dean wrapped around him like an octopus. He loved waking up with his boyfriend in his arms. That still made him giddy to think of Dean as his boyfriend. He wasn't lying when he told Dean that he never dated before. His little sub was the first person who really understood him and didn't have a problem with his personality.
“I figured we could use it and get back at him.” There was a hint of mischief in Cas’ eyes now and Dean was totally on board with whatever Cas had planned.
“Ha.Ha.” He deadpanned, unamused at her teasing. “But yeah, I did run into him. And I'll be seeing a whole lot of him for the next three months since Bianca is in my class.
“Uh, y-yeah. Yeah. I…um…I just need to talk to you guys about something.” He stammered, wringing his hands together nervously.
Dean shrugged, "With my family situation, I had to grow up fast." He ran fingers through Castiel’s messy hair.
"I’d definitely let you work on my car. I’d love to see you all greasy and bent over the engine" Cas leered just thinking about that image.
He heard the other man sigh, but he did as Cas asked. He heard Dean pulling on his clothes and then leaving the room and Cas finally crumpled, succumbing to the sobs that he had been holding back. He fell onto his bed, shaking and crying. He was so stupid. He had fucked up and crossed the line he had been so adamant about drawing. He knew kissing Dean would be a mistake, but he had been so caught up in the moment that he couldn’t help himself. And now all he felt was crushing heartbreak. He was so stupid to even start all of this with Dean. He had known that going into this, but he had wanted to take whatever he could get from his friend; whatever little bit of intimacy, even if it had only been sex. That was more than he had ever hoped he’d even get from his best friend.
“Nice to meet you.” John said, his unsmiling face making sweat bead down the back of Cas’ neck. Dean had not been lying when he said his Dad could be intimidating.
"Jerk wad, you can’t just do that and leave me hanging." Dean whined, but he didn’t make any move to make Cas do anything. He didn’t want to risk not getting use out of that ring gag later.
“And you didn’t think to click over to a different video?” Cas asked curiously, making Dean’s face redden even further.
“I’m sorry.” Cas said as he wiped the remaining tears from his eyes. “ You just have no idea how much I’ve dreamed of finally having a relationship where someone’s father threatened me like that. I never thought I’d get that.” He laughed through a watery smile.
"I really didn't want your family to know I planned on arresting you the first time we really met Dean." Cas said blushing.
“First day is always a little chaotic.” She laughed at the deer in headlights look on Dean’s face. Once the class was settled down again, Missouri got their attention.
“You know, I think if you came out to your family, I’m pretty sure they will all support you Dean.” She said compassionately.
"Take your Daddy's cock. Fuck you are such a cock slut for your Daddy, aren't you?" Cas asked out of breath.
"Dean. I love it. Thank you so much love." Cas said quietly in awe of the man he was pretty certain he was now in love with.
“Yeah, ‘course we are Cas.” Dean affirmed with more confidence than he actually felt. He patted his friend’s shoulder and continued down the hall to his room, shutting the door behind him and placing his mug on his nightstand before he collapsed on the bed. He hadn’t been lying to Cas, last night had been fun. At least the parts he remembered clearly. He still couldn’t believe he actually admitted that he had watched a gay porn and liked it. He had planned on taking that secret to the grave, but apparently mixing alcohol and childish games had fucked that up. At least it was just Cas who knew. He knew he wouldn’t judge him, especially since he was gay and watched that type of porn.
“You were great Dean. Your mouth felt amazing, sweetheart.” Dean felt warmth spread through his body at both the praise, and the endearment Cas slipped out. He tucked his face into his boyfriends’ neck and sighed happily, feeling more content in that moment than he had ever felt before.
Cas fucked his ass so good he barely could comprehend what was happening. And before long he felt the telltale signs that he was abut to cum.
"Mmhmm that we did" Cas smirked. "I'm going to put this ring gag on you and stretch your pretty cocksucking lips wide so I can fuck your beautiful mouth. But since you won’t be able to talk, I want you to put your hands on my thighs. If you need to safe word at any point, tap my leg three times and everything stops." Is that agreeable to you boy?”
"He arrested me." Dean replied in a perky tone so cheekily that it took all Cas had not to roll his eyes. Bobby and Sam didn’t even try though. They immediately just rolled their eyes.
“Dean Winchester!” He heard on the loudspeaker and his watched his boyfriend stand up and make his way up to the stage. Dean shook hands with the people standing there and smiled for a picture. His whole family whooped and hollered, Cas included, and he saw Dean chuckle as he made his way back to his seat.
“Yeah. Came out to him and everything. He took it well. You know he’s a bleeding-heart hippie. Even got the long hair for it.” Dean joked.
“That’s a lovely name. Perfect for a pretty girl like you.” Mary said sweetly before ushering them into the living room. “Dinner should be ready soon. Why don’t you make yourselves comfortable while I call the others down.”
Its his first date, so obviously he’s excited to finally be going out on a date with another guy, especially since he is 22, and most people his age have been dating for years at this point. But its also his
“I-I trust you Cas.” He whispered shyly; both of them sharing a small smile before he felt the first push of a finger enter his virgin hole. His whole body tensed at the feeling; his hole trying to resist the finger when he remembered his instructions. He pushed out and then felt Cas’ finger sink deeper till it was all the way inside. He gasped and his eyes squeezed shut tight at the slight burn. It was just like Cas said, not bad, just a bit uncomfortable. Cas held his finger there, letting Dean become accustomed to the finger, before he gently pulled back and thrust it back in.
“True. So, anyway…” He relayed everything that had happened between him and Cas since that first drunken night, up until now, including the part where he was hopelessly in love with Cas. Sam was quiet as he let him talk before, he finally responded.
“I…uh…well…we, um…” He stammered, looking up at the other man for help but seeing Dean’s shocked face was no better than his. “We…we are not boyfriends yet, Bee. We um, we have gone on a date though. So, I guess, I guess you can say we are dating?” He directed the statement as a question and saw Dean nod in agreement. He felt himself untense a bit that at least they seemed to be on the same page then.
"My partner at work has a daughter who loves it and I heard it was good so I bought it. I haven't had a chance to watch it yet though." Cas wrapped his arms around Dean as his boy cuddled into his side.
“You didn’t dad. I…it’s just, you don’t know how terrifying it is to have to…to have to come out. My boyfriend’s parents disowned him when they found out.”
“I agree. I hope we can do that again.” Cas followed, hoping that wasn’t the last he felt of Dean in his arms.
“Come on Bee, lets get going.” He chuckled as he steered Bianca to the car. He pulled out of the driveway of their two-story home in West Babylon, and made their way to the college Campus in Patchogue. On the way he appreciated the beautiful view. He was glad they lived on Long Island, New York. It was not cheap, but it was definitely pretty and scenic.
“I, um, I brought condoms and lube in my pants pocket on the floor.” He told the other man who bent down to retrieve said items before turning to face the room, giving Dean a close up view of the ass he would be sinking into shortly.
- this to go smoothly. This was the first prospective relationship he had in years, and he didn’t want it to fail before it even started. He had already warned Bianca ahead of time to be on her best behavior. Not that he really had too much to worry about there; his daughter was a pretty well-behaved child after all. Sometimes, though, she had a habit of repeating inappropriate things at the worst times. Castiel still cringed when he thought about the couple of times she had done so at school in front of Dean. He had really tried to watch what he said around her after that.
Dean looked up at Castiel, he was quite a bit taller, and he leaned forward to press against the officer, his hands still cuffed “My game, Officer Novak, is you. Everything is about you. Ever since you first got me for vandalism, I can’t stop thinking about you.”
“Remember what I said. And if you hurt my son, just know that I have no problem going to jail.” He threatened with a smile, making Cas gulp before responding. “Yes, sir.”
Cas grabbed Dean's arm and spun him around to face the wall as he crowded him against his back. "Is that a challenge boy?" He asked as he dropped his voice lower.
“Yeah, yeah I’m sure. I-I’m not ready for like…um…full on sex.” Dean stammered out, face flush in both arousal and nerves. “But, y-you can touch me l-like last time.”
Dean grinned, smirking as he kneeled. "Promises promises..." he opened his mouth a little a lapped Castiel’s tip.
“Okay, okay, geeze! Chillax Cassie. I’ll be on my best behavior.” He gave a mock salute, that had Cas rolling his eyes. Just then, the front door chimed and in walked his boyfriend. He watched Dean look around before catching Cas’ eye, and the younger man made his way over to their table, a grin on his face.
"And there is the little brat I was talking about." Cas laughed. The waitress arrived then and set their plates down. Cas immediately dug into his. It was even better than he'd remembered.
Dean chuckled as the chains holding Cas in place rattled, aiming for his prostate and carefully slowing down, teasing. “At least Cas was enjoying himself,” Dean thought.
“So, uh… that night… God this is embarrassing.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck; a nervous tell that Cas was becoming quite familiar with now. “When you, uh…touched me, ya know, here.” He waved his hand around his groin area, a cute blush appearing on his freckled cheeks. “I-I kinda…” Dean whispered something that Cas couldn’t make out.
Once his brain came back online, and it hit him what they just did, it was like cold water being splashed in his face. He quickly excused himself, fumbling through an excuse to cut the night short, and he ran to his room, shutting himself safely inside.
“Fine! Today was the last day of class and I’m not gonna get to see the Dad I’ve been crushing anymore!” He snapped, fed up with his brother’s antics. It was only after the words came out of his mouth, that he realized what he just did. He just fucking came out to his brother in a fit of anger. Definitely not the way he ever planned to tell him. Fuck.
Dean scampered off to the car, laughing, climbing in the passenger’s seat and propping his feet on the dashboard.
"No, no, no Dean. I’m not kicking you out." He said as he pulled Dean up into his arms. "What I’m trying to say is, we should have had a serious conversation before we jumped into sex. A Dom and Sub relationship is more complicated than a vanilla one. That's why I wanted to know if you have ever actually been with a Dom and have any understanding of the dynamic."
"I’m not gonna lie love. I'm still shocked you want to me with my old ass." Cas said “But I hope you hurry and bring your belongings here. I can't wait to live with me sexy boyfriend" he winked.
Dean slowly exhaled as he pushed into his body. Cas had prepped him a little more than he would usually like, but he was still big and Dean could feel him up in what felt like his stomach.
"My needy little boy." Cas grabbed both of Dean's thighs and spread them apart to get a view of his beautiful ass. He leaned down close to Dean's hole and blew a breath of cool air against Dean's entrance.
Dean's dick was already taking an interest despite not even being touched, half hard as he swallowed hard and waited for Cas to tell him what to do, hands clenching behind his back to resist touching himself.
"Good boy." Castiel said as he made his way over to the bed and sat down. "I want you over my knee right now. There is still the matter of your punishment to deal with."
He hissed. “It didn't even happen an hour ago, and I didn't tell anyone either, so unless you somehow are now sharing secrets with Miss Mosley, I have no idea how you found out.”
“You have no reason to be embarrassed Dean. There is nothing wrong with being a virgin, okay? Everyone was at one point.” She told him softly.
“And you’re okay with that? Because its fine if you aren’t Dean. I’ve dated people that were cool at first with me having a kid, but then once the reality of what that meant set in, they bailed. I-I know this is only a first date and everything, but…. I’d rather know now whether or not you see this going anywhere, rather than a few months down the road.” Dean really wanted to hug the other man, seeing the resigned look in his face. He had obviously been hurt before, to be giving Dean this speech right now.
Dean figured there was no harm in texting the number. Of course, that led to a week of sexting and then finally they decided to meet again, this time with a lot fewer innocent intentions than the first time.
“Alright, bye Bitch.” He hung up the phone. Maybe Sam was right; maybe he should just tell Cas how he felt.
“You were crushing on one of the Dad’s of your students?” Sam chuckled, making Deans face heat even more in embarrassment. “Was he a DILF?” he said chuckling even more. Dean was about to tell him to go fuck himself when he realized something. Sam didn’t seem surprised he was gay.
"Oh Dean. If you haven't experienced prep or aftercare, then you have been with shitty Doms." Cas was mad and sad for Dean at the same time. He resolved to make sure Dean experienced the best parts of a Dom/Sub relationship.
“I really didn’t Gabe. Like I’ve been trying to tell you, something weird is going on in this house.” He reiterated.
Dean debated this in his head but it only took a minute. Burgers and pie were his Achilles’ heel. "Guess I should have grabbed ketchup instead of jam.” He retorted.
Dinner went pretty well from there, Cas getting asked the normal questions he expected; what does he do for a living, where does he live, etc., and before long, they finished eating and made their way back to the living room to hang out for a bit. Cas was in the middle of talking to Sam about computers when he heard Mary address his daughter.
“Don’t worry Cas. I have plenty more where that came from.” He assured his lover, earning another feral smile from the Angel. They were going to have so much fun.
“Did you think I’d say no?” Dean said teasingly, trying to lighten the heaviness he was feeling in his chest.
“Of course.” He kissed Dean goodbye and made his way back in the building to say goodbye to his brother who had apparently been waiting for him.
“Fine. Don’t get your panties in a twist.” The hunter snapped back and he pulled off the main road, and drove down the path for a ¼ mile before coming to a spot that was a bit secluded.
“Y-yeah, give me ‘em.” Dean slurred, arousal making words hard at the moment. Cas leaned over to grab the lube from where it was sitting on the nightstand.
“I feel the same way.” Cas smiled shyly, before he cleared his throat, looking a little nervous to Dean. “I was wondering…. we’ve been dating for two months now, right?”
"I can already tell you will be a bratty sub. And I will punish you for that, which I'm sure you will love. But for this dinner, I want you to be real. I don't want an act. Sure, I chose this restaurant that I didn't know you were too young to drink at. Which apparently means I don't know much about you. And I hope to rectify that soon, since I hope this whole thing has been real." Cas replied. “And I hope you will stop putting on an act and show me the real you.” Before Castiel could talk any further, the waitress came over and asked what they wanted.
Finally, it hit him, how he could find out; Charlie. She had to know how Dean was doing. After getting Bianca off to school on Tuesday morning, he made the drive over to 7-Eleven, hoping the fiery red-head was working. When he walked in the store and saw her behind the counter, his shoulders sagged in relief, and he walked up to the counter. The look on her face though, had his body tensing.
“No, you really are Dean. It’s never a good idea to have sex with a friend. Especially not a best friend. “
Dean licked his lips and nodded, "Yes sir. I can be a good boy." He wanted to throw himself at Cas, demand more, but he could hold on, be good and do what Cas wanted.
He thought about it. Did he really want to try it? He knew porn wasn’t exactly accurate, but it always seemed like it was pleasurable. “Um…yeah. I uh, I do. It probably sounds dumb but, I feel like if I don’t than I might be missing out, ya know? But I do have, uh questions.” He inwardly cringed at himself. It was true he did have questions, but he knew this was going to be an awkward conversation. He really didn’t want to have to ask, but he knew Cas wouldn’t laugh at him, and like they always say “If you can’t talk about it, you shouldn’t be doing it.”
Dean leaned into him slightly, "Sorry, Cas. I'm being a jerk. I'd try for you. I don’t know if I could...perform, though”
Dean grinned at it, "Good choice. I could use a good burger." He leaned over to peck Castiel’s cheek.
Dean groaned in relief, two more thrusts into his prostate and he screamed as he came, sobbing in relief and cock spilling between them, smearing over his belly. Relieved tears flooded his eyes; his whole body aching from the the relief of the tension, jerking now with each very over sensitive thrust into his prostate, whining.
“No offense, but I’m sure that hand has probably touched my bro’s dangly bits.” He teased, making Cas groan in frustration. He knew this was a bad idea.
Dean took the car up to the top of a hill where the whole city could be seen glittering in front of them. It was nothing like Castiel had ever seen before. He was in awe as Dean finally made it to the spot he was looking for and parked. Dean turned the car off and turned in his seat to look at Cas.
Cas sat on his living room couch, face still red, in both mortification and anger. He was mortified at himself for sending Dean a sex toy and misinterpreting what he meant. And he was angry as hell at his brother, who no doubt set him up for his own childish entertainment. Gabe was probably laughing his ass off right now knowing Cas would be embarrassing himself like this the Assbutt.
Castiel climbed up on the bed and sat between Dean's spread legs. He couldn’t wait to sink into his warm body.
Cas climbed up Dean's body and kissed him, trying to calm him down. He knew Dean was getting frustrated. A few tears had leaked past his blindfold. "Relax love, I promise you can come soon. Can you be my good boy a little longer?" He asked gently.
"Oh God, please, fuck, yes..." Dean couldn’t do it anymore. One good thrust in hit his prostate hard and he came messily all over the bedsheets, ass clenching around Cas hard, Dean giving a sobbing whimper.
Dean hummed, chuckling a little as he rolled over and pushed Cas onto his back, pulling down his boxers and taking him in hand.
Dean went quiet for a minute, head tilting. “I want to have you. Repeatedly. All the time. I’m smitten with you. I need you.”
“Of course, I do. That is typically where a gay man would go to ‘hook up’, is it not? ” Cas’s face mirrored Dean’s confusion now.
Cas ran after Dean and grabbed his arm to turn him back towards himself. "Dean, no love, that's not what I meant. And I’m sorry you thought that. I don't think you are lying. Please don't leave me." He asked.
Dean gasped with the yank, blinking at him. "No sir, but it was right there and I couldn’t resist. " he gave Cas a pout.
Dean snorted laughter, flopping over his lap. "I don’t know, I've seen them up close and personal and I like them”
Dean laughed, "Yes. It was quite satisfactory." He laid back over his chest. "Sorry I scared you today.”
“Well, uh…you see, there is something I should have probably told you about before.” He heard Dean take a deep breath. “I’m a virgin.”
Eventually the party died down and most of the guests had cleared. Dean was finally able to make his way over to Cas, and he plopped himself down in a chair and sighed.
Cas looked up when Dean sat next to him. "Ok love. So, you know I love you being here with me, right?" He questioned.
"I am touching you Dean" Cas smirked as he ran his hands up Dean's thighs and up to his narrow waist.
“Get your head out of the clouds, Winchester!” She yelled, making him laugh. That’s when he noticed whose turn it was. Cas stood with Bee and he waved to them. They waved back and he watched as Bee, instead of throwing the ball at the target, ran up to it and slammed it just like she had that first time, plunging him into the water below. He sputtered as he stood back up, wiping the water from his eyes. He was about to call them out for cheating again, but the words got caught in his throat. Kneeling on one knee was Cas, and Dean stood frozen, his brain not quite catching on yet.
“Hey Cas.” Dean’s smile didn’t reach his eyes, and Cas’ own eyes narrowed at the odd way Dean was acting.
Dean hummed happily.  "Castiel, this is delicious!" He glanced up to see he hadn’t eaten yet and frowned, “what's wrong?"
“7 is good.” Was all Dean could manage, still in disbelief at the what was happening; His brain shorted out trying to wrap his head around it all.
"Dean. This means so much more to me than anything you could have bought. I actually prefer homemade gifts." Cas said honestly.
“Would you like to sit out here on the couch for a little bit and relax first? Or would you like to lay down in bed now?” Cas asked, giving Dean the choice.
“Yeah I know Mom. This damn quarantine sucks.” He agreed. “We’re good though. I got Cas here for company. That’s uh…” He rubbed his neck nervously. “That’s actually something I wanted to talk to you about. Something I gotta tell you.” Fuck he was so nervous. At twenty-nine years old, he was finally about to come out to his parents. He felt like he was at the edge of a cliff, about to jump off, and he just hoped they’d be there to catch him.
"Oh fuck." Dean moaned, grunting and whimpering at each thrust in, making the prettiest noises as Cas fucked him hard.
Cas turned to look at Dean. "No, you definitely can't." He said. But he wasn't talking about the sky.
“Fuck, Dean! I-I'm so s-sorry.” He stammered, embarrassed at his careless actions. He reached down, about to put his cock away, when Dean grabbed his shirt in his fist and yanked Cas’ mouth back on his, capturing his lips in a heated kiss that sent heat straight to Cas’ cock. Dean’s tongue probed Cas’ lips, and he opened for the other man, tongues dancing together. They kissed until they had to breathe and Dean pulled back only to rest his forehead against Cas’.
“Yeah...heh…I’m gonna be super busy now though. Ya know, with the class planning and stuff. We might not get to see each other as often. That’s gonna suck.” Dean lamented. Cas reached into his pocket and clasped his fingers around the item he had hidden there.
"Yes, I'm done now you brat." Cas chuckled. " Now, I want you to go into my bedroom and strip. Get down on your knees, and wait patiently for me while I clean up from dinner."
, for lack of a better term. Dean seemed more like the type of guy who was popular in school; probably a jock. Definitely much higher on the social ladder than Cas had ever been. His high school days had revolved around Math Club and robotics. He had been the quintessential nerd in High school.
“Dean? Are you okay? Its so glad to finally hear from you. I’ve been worried. I’m so sorry if I did something wrong…” Cas rambled before Dean cut him off.
Cas was sitting at a table in the corner of the café, sipping on his chamomile tea. He was trying to tune out his brothers incessant teasing, but he was having no luck. Why did he think this was a good idea again?
Kissing Dean was like nothing he had ever done before. Cas had had a decent share of lovers before. But somehow Dean, even being much younger than Cas was, was an excellent kisser.
Cas fucked Dean hard a couple of more times when he felt Dean tighten up as he came for a second time. That was all Cas needed to feel before he thrust a few more times and came hard in his boy's ass. He was breathing really hard as that was easily the hardest he had ever fucked in his life. Dean whined as Cas let his hair go and his face thumped into the bed, body trembling and chest heaving.
Dean shook her hand “Nice to meet you Miss Moseley. You can call me Dean.” He said nervously. She seemed friendly and had a soothing southern accent. He was just nervous about his first day.
So far, everything they had done together had been amazing and Dean had loved every minute of it. It was official; he was definitely bisexual. He had no doubts about that fact now. But he wasn’t ready to tell Cas that yet. Not because he was worried about judgment, of course; that would be silly. No. He wasn’t ready to tell Cas yet because he didn’t want this new thing between them to end. The whole experimenting together thing was supposed to be so that Dean could figure out for sure if he was bi, and if he admitted he was, then he would have no excuse to do anything sexual with Cas. He’d have no reason to see him naked, or touch his hot as fuck body anymore. He wasn’t ready for that.
“I know you said that, but I still feel bad Dean. This is not exactly the most exciting place for a date.” He said bitterly, and Dean reached for Cas’ hand, covering it with his own before lacing their fingers together.
They paid and made their way out of the restaurant. Sam and Bobby walked to their car, leaving Cas and Dean alone for a few minutes.
“Awesome!” He beamed “And hey, since we already…uh, have our cocks out, wanna have sex?” Dean wiggled his eyebrows salaciously. Cas laughed at his dorky roommate.
They were sat in a booth and given menus. Cas decided on a simple bacon cheeseburger and set his menu down, waiting for Dean to decide on his meal.
He was going crazy, he had to be; he was talking to himself for fucks sake. Ghosts weren’t real. There had to be another explanation for all of the freaky shit that happened so far. He turned to leave the room when he heard it; three solid knocking sounds came from across the room. He turned and looked but there was nobody there. He sprinted out of the room, eyes wide in shock as he dialed his brother’s number, waiting three rings before the other man finally answered.
"I..." Dean looked down. "I don’t know what feeling in love is like."  He bit his lip, "But if I were to describe how I feel about you... I would say I love you too. He smiled.
"Yeah well I didn't expect to get my dick bit, but here we are." Cas joked as he got dressed and grabbed his wallet and his keys and headed towards the door.
Dean smiled, kissing him again. "Don’t worry about it. It’s cute." He sat up to go dim the lights and climb back in bed, snuggling closer.
“Ah no. No, you um… you don’t ever have to worry about that.” He chuckled bitterly before taking a deep breath. He felt like he was skydiving, and about to pull the ripcord, and he praying it would open so he wouldn’t come crashing to the ground.
“I’m sorry if I ever gave you the impression that I wouldn’t accept this part of you son. You can date whoever makes you happy.” He looked up at the anguish in his father’s voice. He even saw John’s eyes mist over and he hugged his dad again.
"Just thinking. I’m fine, don’t worry." Cas said as plastered a fake smile on his face, hoping Dean would buy it.
