“I’m sorry. I didn’t know that what I was doing was affecting you so much. You never seemed to mind in the past so I thought... Well, it doesn’t matter now. Just, I am sorry.” Dean said, sounding like he was forcing the words out.
Castiel hardly hears him. Ears ringing. So it’s true. Dean had slept with another man from the bar tonight. Why would he when Castiel was right here? He could give Dean those thing too. Why didn’t Dean just ask?
“I feel so full,” Castiel said as he glanced back at Dean, “I am also leaking all over the pillow and feel like I need to urinate.”
“What?” He asked, tone lazy. He cracked one eye open, squinting against the sun as he looked up at the man in front of him.
“That’s not why I’m here.” Castiel said, taking another drink as he steadied himself, “I’m here because I liked it and I want to do it again.”
Dean laughed, looking close to tears, “Sam told me that angel’s didn’t have sex. That it made them uncomfortable. I should have just asked, Jesus.”
“I-“ Castiels words get stuck in his throat, /I want you/ is on the tip on his tongue but he can’t make himself say it, “I want to kiss you.” He said instead.
“I’m just fucking with ya, Bro. So, who was it? What’s her name?” Gabriel asked as he eyes flitted throughout the diner as if he would find the person that easily.
That night Castiel laid awake in their bed alone, waiting for Dean’s return. His thoughts kept going back to what Sam said.
“You don’t have to explain to me, Dean. If you need this to help you with Mary, then do it.” John said, “but be careful, ok? I don’t want to have to leave this Vamp nest behind because you let something slip and we have to get the hell out of doge.”
Dean finally came in, shutting the door like he was hammering the final nail in both of their coffins. He stopped at the end of the bed, worlds away.
“Dean?” Castiel questioned and walked up, putting his arms around him to hold him up incase he fell.
Castiel got choked up thinking about his past. Tears coming to his eyes at the thought, at reliving the tragedy.
“Dean,” Castiel said and grabbed Dean’s arm as Dean simply turned to leave without acknowledging Castiel’s existence. “Wait, can I talk to you? Please.”
“Great,” Dean smiled, “how about tomorrow? It’s Monday so Sam will be in school, I’ll have plenty of time.”
Castile nodded and proceeded to the line to order the drink, paid and made his way back to the table.
All in all the long walk seemed short with each other as company, Dean never thought he’d feel this close to someone he’d only know for a day. Before they knew it they were at the church both happy to finally rest and disappointed that their time together was almost over.
It took Dean a moment to respond, taken back by the beautiful mans genuine smile. He swallowed thickly as he watch Castiel drink more of his coffee.
“Fuck, yeah, Cas. Anything you want.” Dean sighed and rested his forehead against Castiel’s as a finger eased it’s way inside him. “Careful, it’s been a while.”
“Dean,” Castiel said, nodding with a smile as the young man reached the table, “glad to see you again.” Awkwardly, he pulled Dean into a friendly hug, not really knowing why he did it. “Please sit, what would you like to order? My treat.”
“I can’t believe I just did that.” Castiel said with a small laugh, “I got off with another man, I’m a priest, and I just had sex with another man in his- oh god in his car.” The laughing took over, shaking Castiel against Dean.
“Wait, Dean-“ Castiel cut himself off, seemingly stuck on what to say, then settled with, “maybe one cup wouldn’t hurt.”
“Hey, Castiel, dinner will be finished soon!” Lucifer called from the kitchen as got the ingredients together.
When Castiel saw Dean approaching he politely excused himself and made his way over. They met in the middle of the long isle, not saying a word for a moment, until Sam broke the silence by clearing his throat.
“Michael?” Castiel turned around in surprise, heart stopped dead in his chest, then pounding away with adrenaline. “It’s- it’s not what it looks like.” He sat up try to look as inconspicuous as possible.
“Whoa, wait. Hold on a frigging second,” Dean said, “What do you mean by the way people treated me?”
“Look, Cas, you don’t need to explain to me again why we can’t start anything. I got it loud and clear the first time.”
They cleaned gun silently for a while when Dean said, “there’s a priest at the church, Castiel. He seems nice. We’re going to get coffee tomorrow.”
Dean barked out a laugh, standing up, “Well damn. You don’t hold anything back, do you?” he made his way over to what looked like a mini fridge and pulled out two beers, he held one out to Castiel with a raised brow.
“Yeah well, I don’t know about //feeling the Holy Spirit// but I do know that I loved hearing you talk. You’re so passionate with your words.” Dean said, watching as a light rose color tinted Castiel’s cheeks at the praise.
“I would never ask you to stop hunting.” Castiel said, then, “but, then why would you have sex with me?”
“You are good at that, Dean.” Castiel said, scooting closer so they could hold each other. He buried his head into Dean’s chest, “Too good. I can’t feel my legs.”
“No need to convince me,” Dean said with a laugh and cupped Castiel’s face, bringing him in for a slow kiss.
“Dean, I’m gonna-“ Castiel broke off with a shout as Dean thrusted forward with more force, nearly sending him down as he began to orgasm. “Dean!”
Castiel shuttered out a breath and closed the book he had been trying to read. He knew he would never get over Dean if all he ever did was sit in his room and think about the man. But. Going outside, seeing the light without being able to witness it laying on Dean’s beautiful face made him want to stay in the dark forever. Maybe he couldn’t go on like this. Maybe it wasn’t really worth fighting for anymore.
“I do. I find great solace in walking through these halls.” The priest was watching him with heavy eyes and a light heart. “Service will be starting soon, will you be joining us?”
“You were at the bar all the time. You wouldn’t have sex with me and that first night you came home you had hickeys and bruises on your hips.” Castiel desperately wanted to reach out and touch Dean but didn’t know if he was allowed to anymore. How could he have though those terrible things about Dean? What kind of monster was he for making Dean feel like this?
“Well, I wanted you to know that tonight is the last one.” Dean looked pained, like he didn’t want to say what he was about to. “After this, I’m done. Nothing, and I mean nothing, is worth losing you.”
Castiel reached out and grabbed Dean and pulled him close. “ I love you and I need you to know that. But, Dean, I can’t do his anymore.”
Dean stared up at the ceiling as he answered casually, “what he doesn’t know won’t hurt him, right? Besides, the service probably started already. If dad left again, you know he won’t be back for a few days, I won’t tell if you won’t.”
Castiel jerked back as Dean tried to touch him again and ran into the both room, slamming the door closed.
“You really are handsome.” Dean said as he gazed into Castiel’s eyes, “clear blue eyes, tanned skin, muscles for days. Jeez.”
Castiel mulled that over. That made sense. Dean didn’t love that man last night he just wanted some relief... and he didn’t want that from Castiel. From him he wanted love and affection. Trust. Something he couldn’t get from anyone else. It doesn’t mean it didn’t hurt though. Castiel would have loved to give that to Dean. To see him in the throws of passion, skin slick, eyes hooded. But someone else got that.
“Nothing- nothing for the moment, just-“ Castiel was unable to resist Deans questioning gaze. He leaned forward and kissed him, heart beating so hard he was sure Dean could hear it.
“Do you need help?” The priest asked quietly, “we have a few programs through the church that specialize in domestic-“
“Seriously guys!” Sam yelled as he watch smoke rise from his sparking laptop. “Oh no, it’s fine. Just my brother and his angel breaking my laptop with their sex...”
Sam looked at how tightly Castiel was holding on to him, eyes searing into his face like it held the answers to the universe, “No. I’ll leave you to it.” He said and left.
Dean’s knees started to cramp after a while and he moved to get out of the bed, “I’m gonna get a drink and see if we got any lamps, you need anything?”
“‘Course, darlin’. One eighty-seven will top you up.” Bessy said, gladly ignoring Castiel in favor of accepting the cash.
“I believe friends are the kind to hang out. You don’t even know me.” Castiel tried to reason, “besides, wouldn’t you like some guidance? That’s what most people come to me for.”
Castiel gasped into Dean’s mouth as Dean’s head moved to grip Castiel’s sides, fingers digging into his hips, rocking Castiel back and forth as he lifted his hips up and down slightly.
“That’s ok. I don’t think you should say it anyway.” Castiel said, “it will just make this all harder in the end.”
“I bet you didn’t know I could do that,” Castiel sent another bolt through Dean, pressing their wet cheeks together as Dean clung to him. He whispered in Dean’s ear, “I told you I could make you feel good.”
Castiel gasped the turned his head away as he felt himself growing hard. “I’m sorry,” he said, bitting his lip and shyly looking down into Josh’s eyes.
“Wow,” Dean breathed as Castiel pulled the vessel out by its long silver chain, placing it in Dean’s open palm. “What is it?” He asked as his eye flittered between Castiel’s and the beautiful blue liquid.
Cas, to his credit, looked completely lost; his eyes comically wide at the sudden fierceness of the younger brother.
For years, he tried to convince himself he was doing the right thing; that all his actions were for the greater good. That he was doing his best for heaven and humanity.
He opens his mouth, trying to choke out a few sounds, but nothing comes out. Every word in his mind is clumsy and insensitive and he knows he can’t afford to mess this up anymore than he already has.
He heard Cas’ breath hitch for a moment. He saw the myriad of emotions colour Cas’ face; shock, joy,
His voice is so weak and broken, barely making a sound in the hushed room. And when Cas says nothing in response, he lets himself believe he had imagined his words. He forces down another sob as he slowly regrets what he had pleaded.
Cas then slowly unwraps his arms from Dean. His hand still lingers on his shoulder, pushing Dean’s body back onto the bed. And Dean obliges, allowing himself to be tucked under his covers, still shaking and breathing heavily. He closes his eyes, willing himself to pull himself together, at least until Cas leaves. He can do this alone. He can. (But he doesn't want to).
But they had. He hadn’t expected his prayer to Cas to rectify everything he’d done, - hell, he didn’t think he could make up for that ever.
He grabbed Cas’ elbow and pulled him close into his space, eliciting a sound of surprise from the other man before Dean pressed his lips to his. Cas stiffened for a moment before he relaxed into Dean’s arms, letting out a small sigh as he pressed closer. Dean’s hand moved to Cas’ waist, gripping it tight, while Cas’ hands fisted in Dean’s shirt, pulling them impossibly closer. Dean’s other hand raised to Cas’ face, cupping it gently as his fingers grazed lightly over the stubble on the angel’s cheek.
And while he’d never admit it, Dean found it endearing when Cas did this. Nothing made Cas’ face light up more than when he was discussing the wonders of the earth and the strange habits of the creatures on it. Dean had never been one to be much interested in the stuff, but somehow Cas made it sound like the most fascinating thing in the world. Perhaps that was just him.
Yes, perhaps things were coming to a long-awaited close and neither were too concerned with fighting it any longer. Perhaps.
“Sam.” Cas’ voice cut through Sam’s, breaking him off mid-sentence. “As soon as you left today, Dean retreated to his room and barely came out. While I understand your good intentions, your attempt was futile,” Cas deadpans, “It is clearer to me than ever that Dean is content to have things stay the way they are between us, and I will not be the one to ruin that. If that is what he wants, that is the way it shall be.”
He felt Cas’ eyes on him, studying him as he kept his face neutral, careful not to betray his underlying hurt and worry.
“I left today, so you and Dean could finally acknowledge whatever the hell is going on between you two.” At this, Cas’ widen even further, his mouth dropping open slightly. “And when I get home, I see that nothing has been resolved, you’re both still as dumb as you were, and I’m still gonna have to put up with it!”
; it pushed something to the surface that Dean had been so desperately trying to hide. All the raw emotions forced him on his knees, tears in his eyes as he prayed.
What lay before him was Cas, his somehow best friend and certified dumbass, sitting at a table in the library. Reading. Reading a book on vampire lore, to be specific. He remained fully clothed (which Sam was mildly grateful for), with no indication whatsoever of ever having taken them off today. So sex was ruled out.
“Look Cas, I hate to break it to you, but I’m pretty sure everyone who’s seen you around Dean knows.” Cas flinched mildly at his words and Sam hastened to continue. “Not Dean, of course, he has no idea.” At this Cas relaxed slightly, though a vague wave of disappointment washed over his face briefly.
He chokes out sobs, unable to speak, and Cas just holds him tighter, stroking his hair and murmuring softs words of reassurance.
Cas stepped forward to place a hand on his arm comfortingly. It lay warm and heavy on Dean, making his breath hitch. He raised his head, his eyes staring at the angel before him. Blue eyes of familiarity and comfort stared back at him, and Dean found himself, - unsurprisingly-, lost for words again. His tongue darted out to wet his lips, as he prepared himself to finally speak, when he saw Cas’ gaze hone in on the action for a second, before making contact with Dean once more. And that was all the encouragement Dean needed.
“But Cas, man, nothing’s going to change if you don’t do something. And look, I know Dean can be a stubborn pain in the ass sometimes, - actually, all the time -, but you need to know that the way you look at him if the exact way he-”
Cas is staring at him, his defensive demeanour shifting to one of heartbreak as Dean draws closer. Dean reaches for him when he stands before him; his hand raising to cup Cas’ face gently, who closes his eyes and leans into the touch. Dean can see all the lines on his face now; all the creases of worry, the dark circles under his eyes, and it makes his heart ache. He wants to fix him, he wants to fix this; fix
At one point Cas shivered in his sleep and curled up closer to Dean. Worried that he might be cold, Dean reached for the blanket lying on the armchair, careful not to move too much as he stretched for it. He no sooner had it in his hand when Cas’ hand covered his own, clasping onto it tightly.
Dean hadn’t known how to act around him after that when Cas returned to the bunker. His words hung heavy in the air wherever they stood and Dean could feel Cas determinedly avoiding looking in his direction. And it killed Dean. It killed him to know that he caused this rift between them and that his stubbornness was the reason things couldn’t go back to normal. They just couldn’t.
He then ducked his head and continued eating, as if he had not done a Classic Cas and dropped an unwarranted fact with no warning or reason. Dean stared at him for a moment longer before he shrugged and turned back to his own food. By now, he was well used to Cas being his weird self and providing tidbits of information whenever it struck him to do so. Particularly to do with nature.
He turned around to find Cas lying on his back, still fully clothed, his eyes drifting closed once more.
“I’m going to leave this room and lock the door.” At their protests, Sam raised his hand, quieting them both. He continued. “I’m going to go into my room, lock my
with you.” He stops less than a metre from Dean now, his fists clenched in frustration and his breathing laboured. Dean just stares at him, jaw tensed, determined not to let his hurt show.
For a moment, Sam genuinely considered punching the angel in the face. If anything, just to wipe the look of masked suffering off his face. He scrubbed a hand roughly over his face, reminding himself over and over that Cas was his friend, even if he was an idiot.
To his credit, he lasted about an hour into said movie before dozing off. Dean had been watching him out of the corner of his eye from the start; watched as he fidgeted and tried to get comfortable, saw his jaw straining in an attempt to fight off a yawn. Eventually his body began to sink more into the couch and lean to the side. Before long, Cas had let his head roll to the side, where it now lay on Dean’s shoulder, his face turned slightly into Dean’s neck, his breathing steady. Dean draped the blanket that had been on his knee over Cas as best he could and let his arm that had been resting on the couch behind his head rest on Cas’ shoulders, his fingers rubbing circles absentmindedly on Cas’ side.
He stalked out of the room so quickly that Cas dashed after to follow him, nervously asking Sam what he was doing. Sam didn’t answer him; instead he walked briskly down the corridor towards his brother’s room with Cas falling in step directly behind him.
He breaks. Sobs wrack through his body uncontrollably as he tips forward. Dean catches him in his arms, holding him close and tight against his chest, unable to offer any words of comfort. He cringes at Cas’ cries of pain and anguish, raging at his inability to help in any way. So he just presses him closer.
He hears Cas let out a sigh of resignation, and out of the corner of his eye he sees him lean against the table. Silence surrounds them, both knowing they’re breaching uncharted, unspoken territory.
They made their way down the corridor towards Dean’s room, propped against each other in companionable silence. The door swung open and Dean led them inside, guiding Cas to the side of the bed and sitting him down before returning to shut the door behind him.
Cas is looking at him, his usual intense stare boring into Dean’s eyes. His own blue ones are blazing with anger and his jaw is clenched. Dean watches as his hand twitches, watches all the physical restraints Cas takes in order to remain calm.
He allows himself to hurt, to feel his skin grow hotter, the heat unbearable. He deserves this. He needs to feel this pain. He needs -
Cas takes his silence as confirmation, his face now wet with tears. He lets out a sigh; one of defeat, and turns towards the door. After taking a few steps, he turns back to address Dean, his voice quiet and laced with hurt:
They stared at each other for a moment, Dean’s heart beating rapidly as he took in the angel before him. Their hands lay laced together on Dean’s lap, somehow having become intertwined in the past few minutes. Neither made an objection.
Some stupid part of Dean wants to make him crack. He wants him to shout and shove and unleash his well-deserved anger on Dean. He wants Cas to get angry, to drop the calm mask he puts up, and just shout.
He felt Cas’ dry hand slip into his own wet one, bubbles framing their interlaced fingers. At Cas’ squeeze, Dean lifted his head to once more lock eyes with him, finding the angel gazing at him with a soft expression.
“Wow,” Gabriel’s face turned sad suddenly, “that’s some deep shit right there, Castiel. You much like him a lot. What are you gonna do?”
Castile tried to hold in a sob but couldn’t letting the tears fall as Dean turned to hug Castiel to his chest. Castiel fisted Dean’s jacket tightly, sobbing.
“There’s nothing I’ve ever wanted more. Please, do this for me?” Castiel said as he sat up in order to face Dean head on.
Dean squeezed his eyes closed, leaning forward to rest his forehead on Castiel’s and said, “Don’t. It’s ok, I understand why we can’t I just-“
“When you went to get the lamp. I wanted to be ready for you.” Castiel answered, voice strained, “You won’t hurt me. So please, Dean. Inside.”
He traced a finger from Castiel’s tailbone to where they both wanted it the most. He slipped a finger inside, gently, knowing it was Castiel’s first time but Castiel was already slick on the inside, open and wanting. “Shit,” Dean whispered as he easily pressed in another. “When did you do this?” He asked as he began moving his fingers.
“Oh, to be honest, I was wondering that myself. I thought you brought me here to discuss your...” Castiel trailed off as he nodded at the bruising on Dean’s face. “But if that is not what you want, we can talk about whatever you’d like. It’s nice to be out of the church for once.”
“Dean... Dean.” Castiel mumbled his name over and over again as he grew closer to completion, shivers running up his spine as Dean responded with his own name.
“He passed away when I was sixteen.” Castiel said quietly. As soon as the words were out he was shocked at himself. He hadn’t talked about Lucifer with anyone, not even his family.
Just then, the bell on the front door rang, causing Castiel to look back and see his topic of interest walking through the door. Dean stopped when he saw Castiel then made his way to the counter.
Dean felt silly for even contemplating telling Castiel what was going on. How could he explain to a civilian that last week him and his father took down a Windigo three states over, and the reason he had the bruising was because he got into a fist fight with it before his father could shoot it in the heart with silver bullet, then proceeded to bury the heart on church grounds while salting and burning the body. Yeah, no. Not gonna happen.
Dean closed his eyes, “you thought I was cheating on you? That’s why you broke up with me?” He looked hurt.
“Do you think we should after that?” Dean asked not wanting to take advantage of Castiel’s fragile state.
“Gabriel, hello. Glad you could make it.” Castiel said as he walked the short distance to his brother.
“This is where a lot of teenagers come to ‘make out’.” Castiel said, making Dean laugh at his literal use of quotations.
“No, Dean. I’m fine with you and Cas being together. I just...” Sam finally looked up, guilt shining in his eyes, “You’ve both been feeling like crap for weeks because I told you Cas didn’t want it and I told Cas that if you did you could take care of it yourself.”
“No, please don’t apologize.” Dean said, “it’s not your fault.” He pulled back and clutched at the vessel, “I should go.”
John sighed and slapped his hand down on Dean’s knee, giving it a little squeeze as he stood up and walked towards his duffel bag, which was sitting on a small round dining table. “So, Church? I gotta tell you, I wasn’t expecting that.” He laughed a little at the idea of it.
“It was my fault. He died because of me. Our dad was gone all the time after Mom left so Michael and Lucifer stepped up and took care of all of us and they did a brilliant job. Lucifer is my second oldest brother, nobody liked him much. He was always getting into trouble, in and out of jail all the time, but I did. I cared about him so much.”
“What do you mean, Cas?” Dean reached up and cupped Castiel’s face, thumb trying to wipe the endless tears away.
Dean decided to take Castiel on a ride in the impala. Normally he wouldn’t let anyone other then family or victims in the car but Castiel was special. John said he’d be out for a few hours anyway, so they would have plenty of time to take a ride and come back. Dean didn’t really know his way around this town, so with a few directions from Castiel, they found themselves at the top of a grassy hill over looking the whole town.
Dean surged forward, pushing Castiel back on the pillows and kissed him. That night, every light in the bunker exploded.
Castiel wanted to argue, but he wanted Dean so much that he couldn’t find the words. He knew Gabriel was right, how many more of these opportunities would he pass up before he did do something crazy.
Dean sat on the bed closest to the door and patted the spot next to him, “come on, sit down. I don’t bite.” He grinned.
Dean walked in and paused, pajamas slung low on his hips, sweat making his skin shine in the low lighting. “We got anymore of those?” He asked as he went to the fridge for a beer.
Lucifer turned around and looked at the two boys, eyes dropping to their connected hands. He stopped himself from grinning, not wanting the boys to feel awkward.
“Damn right it won’t. Fuck, Dean, you know how dangerous it is out there!” John tried not to shout as he heard the water turn on behind them, “Sam doesn’t hunt much, Dean. He could be seriously hurt if you don’t get your act together, ok? Call me next time.” He looked at Dean pleadingly, hoping to get his desperation across.
“It’s ok, Dean. You won’t get in trouble for going to church, even though you know how I feel about it. As long as we get the S.O.B that killed you’re mom, I don’t honestly care what you do in your spare time.” John said honestly as he pulled a hand gun out of the bag and began taking it apart to clean it.
Dean laughed, sitting heavily on the bed, “It’s not for you. Trust me. I’m being selfish here. I can’t... I can’t keep on like this, man. Losing you, it’s one of the worst things I’ve ever been through. It’s killing me.”
“Fuck you, Cas.” Dean is angry, he hands shake where they are clenched at his side. “Fuck you for being a coward.”
“Jesus, Cas.” Dean said quietly, pressing a kiss into Castiel’s hair. “Thank you for sharing that with me, it couldn’t have been easy.”
“Dad?” Dean asked quietly and his fathers fingers tightened in his hair, “I’m sorry about not leaving a note, it won’t happen again.”
“no,” Castiel sat back to look Dean in the eyes, he cupped Dean’s cheek, “not at all. I’m just... happy.”
Castiel sat in silence for a few moments before saying, “there’s something I want to give you. It’s back at my room in the church, it is a bit of a walk but I believe it will be worth it.”
“I know exactly what you mean.” Dean said quickly, a child like excitement coloring the tone of his voice, “I saw you and I new. I just new.”
He helped Dean strip down, and then got naked himself and join Dean in the shower, too afraid that man would just die if left alone for too long.
“What about... Dean I know there are certain things you don’t want from me. Things that I want from you. How can we work if we can’t give each other what we need?” Castiel wanted to cling onto the hope but he knew it was pointless if he became weak again.
He eventually, days later, got himself to get out of bed. Dean kept going to the bar and Castiel kept wishing he wouldn’t. Seeing Dean was weird and made him feel like any second could be his last. He avoided both Winchesters to the best of his ability and tried not to feel so hurt that Dean was doing the same. It was almost worse, watching Dean come home, hurt, and forcing himself to walk away and let Sam deal with it. All he wanted to do was crawl back into Dean’s arms and tell him that he didn’t care anymore, that as long as he had Dean to hold him at night he wouldn’t try to talk Dean out of it anymore. He knew he couldn’t, though. It was better for both of them if Castiel took himself out of the equation and let Dean keep on, keeping on.
Castiel reached up slowly, swallowing back the panic he could feel trying to crawl out of him, nervous and scared and excited. His hands land on Dean’s belt. “I can make you feel good.” He said, popping the button.
Castiel can’t help it, now that he’s thought about it, it’s all he wants. Which is why he’s now in the shower, one arm braced against the wall the other on his cock. His eyes roll. It feels so good that he can’t think straight, chanting “Dean, yes, Dean.” Over and over under his breath.
Dean started slow, but pressed into him with measured, forceful thrusts. They end up with Castiel half on his stomach, one leg curled up towards his chest, dick against the sheets as Dean leaned over him, kissing and nipping at Castiel’s ear as he humped away.
Lucifer was glad he turned around because now he was grinning manically, “oh, good. That’s good, I’ll let you know when it‘s ready.” He said tightly, cheeks starting to hurt.
“Glad I could help with that. I need to be honest here, Cas. I don’t really know why but I feel very safe with you around in a way I haven’t felt since my mother died.” Dean looked up and locked eye with Castiel, seeing the affection in the priests eyes, glad it wasn’t pity. “I wish we were staying longer so I could get to know you better. I want to know every friggin’ thing about you, man. I’ve never felt this way before.”
“Good, good.” John said as he sat down on the bed, lowering his head into his hands, “shit,” he mumbled quietly.
“No time,” Castiel sat up and kissed Dean again, fingers angelically slicking as they trailed down Dean’s back and towards his ass. “Please, Dean. Let me inside?”
Dean sighed and set the gun he was working on down, “I don’t know.” He said truthfully, “I think the only reason he decided to go was to get me to talk about the bruises.”
Castiel’s breath escaped him when suddenly Dean was wrapping his arms around him tightly, nuzzling his head into Castiel’s soft shirt.
It doesn’t take dean long to cum, which slightly startles Castiel, so he pulls back, letting it coat his face.
//Dropped Sam off at school, won’t be back for a few days. The room is paid up and there is money in your wallet for food and supplies. Stay safe. —Dad//
John calmed at the words of his oldest boy, knowing them to be true, “I know. You’re right. You scared me is all. I can’t lose you two, ok? Next time just leave a note or give me a call.”
Maybe he should leave. His presence here was just upsetting them both and it would do Dean no good when they finally got another hunt. It would throw him off his game and wouldn’t that be the final nail in Castiel’s coffin? Dean getting hurt because Castiel couldn’t prioritize the things he loves. That would truly break him.
“Dean,” Castiel whispered as he moved himself, hands gripping Dean’s shoulders tight enough to bruise.
“Fuck, are you crying?” Dean placed a palm against Castiels cheek, “I’m so sorry, Cas. I shouldn’t have done that. I won’t do that. Ever again, I promise.”
“Monday sounds great, Dean. 9 am at the Coffee shop on 12th? Next to the book store?” Castiel asked.
Castile followed Dean out of the front office, grabbing his bike on the way, silently thanking the heavens that the man from earlier was gone. They stopped outside a room and Castiel leaned his bike against the pole just outside, securing it with a chain and lock. The room wasn’t anything like what Castiel expected. It was clean, a duffle bag at the end of both beds and one next to what had to be the bathroom door. If it wasn’t for those he would have thought no one was staying there at all.
“No, actually.” He said, shifting uncomfortably, “I was looking for someone who might be staying here.”
He went over the his bed side dresser and pulled out a rustic, antique jewelry box. Sitting down on the edge of his twin sized bed he patted the spot next to him, encouraging Dean to sit. He opened the box and pulled out the only contents: a silver vessel with just enough glass showing to see a radiating, bright blue liquid-like substance swirling around inside.
When they arrived at the church, service was already half way done, so they made their way in quietly and sat in the back. Dean listen to Castiel speak, voice solid and confident in every word he said, beautiful in its own right. The words didn’t mean much to him, in one ear and out the other sort of thing, but that voice was like cool balm on a harsh burn. He couldn’t help but smile as Castiel got more and more righteous as he continued to speak the word of God, the passion in his voice making Dean feel warm in his chest. The warmth spread, soothing long awaited aches and bruises, emotional more then physical. With each word he felt himself falling deeper and deeper into his calmed state, eyes closing as he relaxed into the bench.
They decided to meet up again the next day, wanting to get as much time together as possible before the weekend rolled around. Dean would have to watch Sam and Castiel would have to be available for visiting his brother.
“I didn’t. Not for this. Not for sharing you with a life that kills me, Dean.” Castiel staid sitting, feeling as though his legs wouldn’t be able to hold him up if he tried to stand right now. Dean took another step back.
“You can’t keep doing this, Dean.” Castiel said under the loud roar of the shower. “I am starting to get concerned for your well being.”
Dean grabbed Castiel’s hands and pulled them away as he got off the bed. He made quick work of taking his jeans off, then his socks and shoes. He turned around, moaning as he caught Castiel watching him, playing with himself through the opening in his own pants.
Dean pulled back slowly, looking down at the necklace, enjoying the weight next to the necklace his brother gave him. He looked back up, eyes uncharacteristically shining with tears. Slowly, as if they were planets slowly gravitating closer, their lips met softly just for a moment, then Castiel pulled back.
“Yeah, maybe it is.” Dean stood up, ready to leave this conversation. He got Cas in the end, that’s all that mattered.
When Dean and Sam got to the motel room, they noticed their dads car in the lot immediately. As soon as they opened the door their dad shot up from the bed and shouted, “where the hell have you been? I’ve been here for two hours, Dean!”
The light above their bed suddenly explodes, sending tiny shards of glass all over them. Castiel gasped, orgasm ripped away as Dean shouted, caught off guard.
The next few days were awkward, not for Cas and Dean because Dean spent every waking moment at the bar, but for Cas and Sam. No one told Sam exactly what happened but he had his theory’s.
Castiel nodded and tightened his grip on the beer bottle as they kissed again. This time he leaned into it, moving his lips in time with Dean’s, getting lost in the feeling. He sucked in a sharp breath when he realized he was getting hard, panic building in his stomach at the long forgotten sensation. He opened his mouth to tell Dean that maybe they should stop but when he did Dean casually slipped his tongue inside, teasing Castiel’s into playing. He relaxed once again, enjoying the slippery feeling of being so intimate with another person. Another male. It was so taboo that Castiel wanted to rebel against it. What would the church think? What would his father think? He was a priest for god’s sake, what the hell did he think he was doing?
Gabriel’s face absolutely lit up at the words, and Castiel felt instant regret, “Castiel, you naughty boy!”
Dean grabbed his arms and pushed him back down to the bed, holding his hands above his head, fingers digging into his wrists. He reached back, guiding Castiel inside, breath choppy as he pushed his hips down. Castiel’s rough jeans dampened from Dean’s sweaty thighs as they finally met. They both groaned and Castiel tried to break from Dean’s grip so he could grab his hips, but Dean held him in place.
“I understand.” The priest said watching as the young man stood slowly, tucking the cigarette butt into his front pocket.
“Yeah, well I guess he didn’t know I was at the bar hunting the Vamp nest. Thought I was hooking up with strangers because I didn’t want him.” Dean tried not to let the pain of that statement leak into his tone. He wasn’t successful.
“Dad, I’m sorry, we didn’t think you’d be back so soon. You’re usually gone for longer then just a few hours and being here all day makes us feel cooped up.” Dean reasoned, sad that he made his father angry enough to yell.
“Hell yeah,” Dean pulled Castiel up and guided him to lay face down on the bed, a pillow under his hips. “Let’s erase that bad memory with a good one, yeah?” Dean asked as he pulled his pajama pants off.
And suddenly, he is, rolling over to straddle Dean, heart racing, cock throbbing. He pulled back and bent down to dip closer to Dean’s ear, “I want to make you feel good.”
“Are you going to keep breaking my things?” Sam asked and raised an eyebrow as Castiel stood still and silent.
“Cas, man, hey,” Dean cupped Castiel’s cheek, pulling him back up. “No, not that. Not anymore. I wanna love you, Cas. All of you.”
Castiel let out a deep, slow breath as he pressed his chest against Dean’s. “I’ve been thinking about this since we first met.” He confessed, legs shaking with nerves as Dean’s thumbs sooth the inside of his thighs.
“And how do you feel? Did you enjoy the service?” Castiel asked, gaining back Dean’s attention. “I know that for me, whether I’m giving mass or someone else, I can feel the Holy Spirit moving through me.” He smiled slightly at the thought.
“I want-“ Castiel stopped again as Dean rushed to the dresser, pulling out some clothes, then practically sprinting back to the bathroom.
Castiel stopped breathing, eyes aching from how hard they were rolling. He surged up, curling around Dean’s head as he finally, finally, came, the glass from the lights not concerning him as they shattered around the room, riding the best high known to man.
Even though he isn’t touching himself he can still feel the pleasure rising, just like in the shower. Heart racing, sweat dripping down his forehead. Tears are leaking from his eyes and he has never felt so good in his entire life. He’s close, he’s so damn close.
Castiel sighed and rubbed at his temple, “I’ll be there.” He said tiredly. At Gabriel’s annoyed look he said, “God doesn’t turn his back on any of his children, neither will I.”
“A moment, please.” Castiel said, slowly moving his own hips, trying to get used to the feeling. Dean shifted then, angling further down so he would rub against his prostate. “Ha, yes, yes, yes. Move, move.”
The next day Dean woke up to an empty motel room and panicked for just a moment, until he saw a note taped to the television.
“I’ve never told anyone that story before.” Castiel said as he reached up and grabbed his rosary, “I joined the church right after that and have been with them ever since. Luci always wanted to be a priest, but because of his background he wasn’t allowed.”
Sam sat in the kitchen, lamp on the table as he used what was left of his laptop battery to see if the Vamps were making anymore noise in town.
Then, Castiel strode forward, getting right in Sam’s personal space, “I like you, Sam. I do. But if you ever get in the way of Dean’s happiness again I will smite you.”
“They owe me a new laptop.” He said as he closed the fridge and twisted off the cap of his beer. “Bet Dean’s TV in the “Dean Cave” isn’t broken..”
Dean’s thighs shook, tightening around Castiel as another finger was pushed in, “S-son of a bitch...”
“It’s not that. I mean it kind of is,” Sam gestured up and looked at the shattered lights on the ceiling, “Is this gonna happen every time?”
Castiel felt that he wanted to do more and worked up the courage to swing a leg over Dean’s hips and straddle him.
Dean smiled and adjusted so he was next to Castiel instead, “it’s ok. It happens.” He leaned forward and kissed him. “See? No harm done.”
Castiel brought Dean into the church through a side door and to his room which wasn’t far from the entrance. He felt mildly embarrassed at the lack of items he had in his room, but with God in his life, he didn’t have much room for anything else.
“How ‘bout I pay you back for all those times you went down on me? I can show you how good it feels.” Dean looked so vulnerable in that moment, making Castiel pull back even more.
Dean raised an eyebrow at the physical air quotes Castiel used, “yeah, I figured. Well anyway, great service, maybe I’ll see you around sometime.” He turned to walk away, towards Sam, but was stopped when Castiel grabbed his arm.
“You know I wouldn’t miss it.” He said seriously before a giant, goofy grin spread across his face, “beside if I did I wouldn’t have been able to see my baby brother being flirted with.”
“Doesn’t look like it will need stitches, but I suggest you take it easy his week, probably stay away from the bar for a while.”
“Cas, com’on man. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean for that to happen. It won’t happen! I swear on everything that I won’t do that ag-“
Overwhelmed with emotions, Castiel surged forward and kissed Dean deeply, getting breathless as the kiss grew more passionate.
“I don’t know. I found it when vacationing in Africa with my brother, Michael. He was doing an expedition there for relics for his church and I took it from their inventory. It was just so beautiful. I couldn’t resist.” Castiel said, eyes focused on the glowing blue contrasting against Dean’s tanned hands.
The priest stood and held out his hand, waiting for Dean to grasp it in a firm shake, then said, “you can call me Castiel.”
“Look, all of that - everything that got us to this point - wasn’t me loving you as much as I could. It was me afraid to push too far and lose this. I want to do everything with you. Anything you want.” Dean sat up and lifted Castiel’s shirt, tossing it to the side as he drank in Castiel’s body.
“I didn’t quite catch that.” Castiel said as he tried to sound composed. His cheeks were warm, hell, his whole body was warm. He didn’t know what kind of lovers Dean had in the past or how they talked to him, if they talked at all, but he would be damned if anyone made Dean feel the way he was right now. He didn’t care that it was embarrassing to say these things, if he was afraid he would say something wrong. He just wanted Dean to feel how much he loved him.
Dean folded the note up and tucked it into a small zippered pocket on his jacket. Looking at the clock on the bedside table, he stretched a bit and decided he would have enough time to shower before his coffee “not” date with Castiel.
“Did you know you were gay before all this? I mean, you haven’t had any sort of major freak out over this. Makes a guy wonder.”
“Come on, Dean. Let’s get you into the shower.” Castiel hulled Dean up and helped him to their room.
Sam knew something like this would happen. That’s why he told Dean in the first place that Angels don’t really like or want... /those/ things. He wished that his brother would just understand that. And now, poor Cas, wallowing around the bunker while Dean scoped out the Vamp next stationed at the bar. It just wasn’t fair to the angel.
Dean thrusted at a steady pace, getting faster as Castiel began making more noises, spurring them both on. The whispered stream of “yes” escaping his lips with every push was like music to Dean’s ears. He glanced behind himself as the lamp started to get brighter, glowing bright and blue, just like Castiel’s grace. It was so hot to him to know he was making his angel feel that good. He lifted up enough to be able to grip Castiel’s side with one hand while the other reached up and held onto Castiel’s where it was still tightly gripping the sheets. This forced Castiel to lift up more onto his knees, his free arm resting on the bed, using the rest of his strength to hold his face out of the pillows. The new position made his cock rub against the pillow under him with every thrust forward and brought him even closer to the feeling he craved.
Dean eyed both the lamps on the counter as he twisted the top off his beer and tossed the cap on the table, nearly hitting Sam’s laptop in the process, “Only gonna need one.”
“You’re right, I have to at least try. Where would I even start? For all I know he’s already left town.”
“Yeah well, ya know, the kid gets what he wants.” Dean said, not mentioning that it was his idea. “Sam is young, he doesn’t know what to believe in.”
The chapter titles are nothing btw, just place holders until I get better ones. Any ideas? Let meh know
Their faces were close, lips nearly touching. “I tried to jerk off to the thought of you in the shower once.” Castiel said, ever blunt, “and that time on the bed, I wasn’t crying because I was scared or uncomfortable. I was crying because it felt too good, like I was coming apart and being put back together all at once.”
They hugged briefly and Castiel watched his brother leave. He then made his way through the church and to his room, changing into lighter clothes. He sat on his bed for a moment, then leaned forward to pick up a picture frame from his dresser. His thumb rubbed lightly over the body of one of  his oldest brothers, smiling softly at the image of his younger, ten year old self grinning up at the older man. He placed the picture down as he stood back up, then made his way to the small dining room for lunch.
“Then you are a good person.” Dean insisted, “that you would put aside all your pain to see your brother, after all he did? That’s pretty amazing, man.”
“Ok, then. Dean, would you please, “go down on me?” He gasped and tilted his head to the side as Dean began lightly kissing his neck. “That feels nice.” He whispered, fingers digging into Dean’s shoulders.
“Oh. Uh, no actually. Mom’s been gone for a while and dad uh, he had a job.” Dean said, glancing over to Sam, making sure he was still at the table. “I just thought, y’know, if I felt safe outside, how would I feel inside?”
A few weeks go by without Dean leaving, which makes Castiel’s heart sing in happiness. He still gets this, gets the love and affection and now, occasionally, he gets to give Dean blowjobs and handjobs and he’s never been happier. Maybe he should be more concerned that his own boyfriend doesn’t want to touch him back, but he can’t bring himself to care.
“Castiel!” Gabriel basically shrieked, then calmed when most of the other diners glanced at him, “it was a boy wasn’t it?”
“You here for the hourly rate special we got goin’?” She asked, accent light, one eyebrow cocked almost as lewd as the man outside.
He doesn’t try again and Dean keeps going to the bar. His heart hurts and more often then not he’s in bed, snuggled up to deans sent on the blankets. It feel like all he has these days.
Dean gave once last pump of his fingers and made sure to slowly drag them over the lump as he pulled them out. He shivered as his dick magically slicked up, courtesy of Castiel. He lined up and gave Castiel a light kiss on his cheek, then he slid inside. He rocked forward as Castiel sucked in a deep breath.
“Wasn’t sleeping.” Dean mumbled, “come with me, I want to introduce you to someone.” He stood and walked towards the front of the huge church, where Castiel and another priest were talking with some members.
After a moment, Castiel pulled Dean’s head up, kissing him, chasing the taste of himself. He pulled back, looking into Dean’s eyes. His chest felt full. Full of love, of bliss. Full of overwhelming desire to lose himself entirely in the man panting in his lap.
“So that’s it. We’re just over?” Dean whispered this, eyes begging Castiel to look up, but the angel doesn’t.
“Uh, Cas, this is my little brother, Sam? The one I told you about.” Dean said glancing down at his little brother, who was smiling up at the priest.
Dean looked like he felt awkward, Castiel could tell by the look in his eyes. He reached up, rubbed the back of his neck with one hand and used the other to gently take off Castiel’s hands.
“Castiel, listen to me. If you like this guy, and I can tell you do don’t lie to me, you have to go for it! How many wasted opportunities are you going to have before you get sick of it and do something irrational, huh?” Gabriel slammed his fist down on the table in passion, startling Castiel, “you deserve to be happy and I feel you’ll never truly be happy as a priest if you don’t explore all your options first.”
“I am a coward, Dean.” Castiel bowed his head, hands coming up to hold his arms in a mockery for the comfort he would get if they were Dean’s arms. “I am not asking you to stop, I am just asking that you stop coming to me when you are hurt from it. I can’t stand seeing you like that. Holding you after like I’m not falling apart, watching you hurt yourself for strangers. Please, Dean. Don’t make this harder then it has to be, please.”
“How good do you think it would feel with this inside you?” Castiel said as he rolled his hips up, grinding his cock into Dean’s. “Do you want it? Do you want me?”
Dean obliged happily, moaning at the feeling. He tried not to push too much, not wanting to scare Castiel away, but he couldn’t help himself. He placed both hands on Castiel’s cheeks, gently pressing his tongue against the other mans lips. His tongue danced with Castiel’s slowly, showing him just how to use his tongue to get his partner going. Castiel was definitely inexperienced when it came to most things sexual, which didn’t surprise Dean all that much. If anything, it was just another reason to like Castiel. This man was going to go possibly the rest of his life without doing this with another person but put all that on hold just because he thought Dean was special enough.
“No, shit- I mean shoot that’s not what I meant.” Dean said quickly holding his hands out, “I mean as friends, to talk, hang out. Maybe get a cup of coffee or something?”
“Dean, you- you’re amazing.” Castiel dug his heals into the bed, unable to stop himself from thrusting up into the warm, slick heat. He nearly chocked on his own saliva, eyes rolling back as Dean licked him from the base to the head, rolling his tongue against the tip. “Yes, yes, yes, yes-“
Dean climbed over Castiel, settling on his thighs and ran his hands from Castiel’s lower back to his shoulders, pressing his chest down against him as he went up. He breathed in Castiel’s natural sent, nose caressing his ear. The way Castiel’s breath quickened made him feel empowered and he rubbed his cock between the angel’s cheeks. Slowly, he rolled his hips forward drinking in every soft breath. Dean looked up and licked up the side of his neck, watching as Castiel’s hand ran up the sheet and gripped it in his fist as he trailed his fingers back down Castiel’s side, resting his hand on his hip.
Castiel took a deep, shuddering breath and leaned forward again. This might be his only chance to feel this way and he wasn’t ready to let it go. He kissed Dean with a confidence he didn’t really feel, other hand coming up to hold Dean’s head in place. He moaned as Dean kissed back with just as much passion. They pulled away moments later, both breathing heavily.
“It’s amazing, Cas.” Dean said as he tried to gently place the vessel back into the box but was stopped.
Then, Dean leaned down and kissed Castiel lightly, “thank you. You know, for letting me be this vulnerable around you. Never thought I’d find someone I’d be able to do that with.” He said it like it was a secret, for Castiel’s ears only.
After a few moments of silence broken up by the cartoon, Dean asked, “would you want to go to church?”
“Cas, you don’t have to do that just because you want him to feel better.” Suddenly, Sam looked sad, “Dean would never expect you to.” He paused, “and, well, if he did I’d kick his ass.”
They rode out the wave together, Dean slowing to a stop as Castiel’s legs began to shake uncontrollably. They collapsed down onto the bed, breathing heavily. Dean glanced at the lamp.
“I’m fine.” Dean cut him off, putting the cigarette out on the bottom of his old shoe. He brushed his thumb over the cut on his lip, then up to the bruise on his cheek. “Just wanted to relax for a moment, this place make me feel safe, yknow?”
“Do you mind?” Dean asked, tapping his pointer and middle finger against Castiel’s hip bone. His fingers were instantly slick.
“No. Actually, it’s one of the worst ideas l’ve ever had.” Castiel stated honestly, “but I like it. As long as we don’t tell anyone and the church doesn’t find out, we will be fine. I’ve never rebelled like this before. I might not be ready for more then kissing at the moment, but if you can accept just that from me I would very much like to continue.”
Dean smiled as Castiel rolled his eyes and scooted closer, Castiel’s large hand coming to rest on his knee.
“Ok, yeah. Let’s go to church.” Sam said, smiling as Dean sat up to look at him, “if that’s what you want.”
The angle is awkward and his wrist hurts. But it doesn’t matter, he’s never felt like this before. So damn good.
Castiel reached up and wiped a tear from his cheek, “yes, thank you. You cleared somethings up for me.”
His conversation with Castiel replayed over and over in his mind. He recalled the dark, wild hair, light blue eyes, and deep voice. Just the memory of it soothed Dean in a way he never thought he’d get again, not since his mom passed and his dad was hell bent on revenge. Dean needed to see Castiel again, to talk to him. He contemplated this for a while, working up the courage to speak these thoughts out loud.
Castiel pulled away and cupped Dean’s jaw, gently forcing him to look up, “under different circumstances this would be one of the greatest moments of my life.” He said truthfully. “My heart and body is with God, Dean.”
“Good.” Castiel said, “well. Good luck with the hunt.” He turned to leave, saying, “Get some lightbulbs while you’re at it.”
“Jesus, Dean, no note or anything? Do you know how worried I was? I’m here hunting vampires, and suddenly my kids are gone with no notice? Don’t do that to me!” John shouted his words angrily, slamming his fist down on the table, startling the two boys.
“If you’re sorry then I am too.” Dean moved closer, drawing Castiel into his arms, “were both idiots with terrible communication skills.”
Castiel does the best he can, having never done this before and thinks he’s doing a good job when Dean leans against the wall, hips shaking. He can’t seem to get his hands to Castiels hair, so Castiel grabs them and places them on his head as he finally takes Dean into his mouth. He’s hard, god is he so hard. His hips shudder forward, but he tries to restrain himself as to not make Dean uncomfortable.
Dean sighed heavily stretching slightly before turning to glance back at the priest, “I’m Dean, by the way. Dean Winchester.” He said, polite as ever, “It was nice meeting you.”
“Micheal please, I’ll stop I swear, don’t hurt us.” Castiel pleaded as he slipped off the bed to stand in front of Josh.
Dean laughed, “no need to thank me. That’s was beneficial to both parties involved.” He brought a hand up to Castiel’s hair, pulling him in so Castiel would lay his head against his shoulder, and ran his finger through the sweaty locks, soothing the other man.
He can feel Dean’s full body shudder at that and thinks for a moment that he might get what he wants, but then Dean is easing him off and back to the other side of the bed, “you make me feel good by being here. This is enough for me, I promise I don’t need anything more.”
Still confused, Castiel followed Dean back to their room, understanding flooding him as Dean took off his shirt.
Castiel closed the door behind him and Josh, steeling his nerves. He grabbed Josh’s hand tightly as they made their way to the kitchen.
Gabriel watched his youngest brother get lost in thought, eyes looking at something in the distance, as if remembering something from long ago. His lips slightly puckered again and Gabriel threw his head back with a frustrated groan.
“Come on, you gonna be weird about this?” Dean asked, “me and Cas have been dating for a long time now. Bound to happen sooner or later.”
Castiel stood in front of him with the same pajama pants Dean was wearing earlier. He was happy for them, he was! He didn’t mean to be part of the reason they broke up and wanted to make it up to them but if they kept breaking his things and showing up half naked in each other’s clothes he was definitely going to reconsider breaking them up. His precious laptop... Then again, Dean was happy. He was singing for Christ’s sake! Sam glanced over to the table as his laptop shot out another spark.
“Then let me give it to you, please.” Castiel looked up at Dean and licked his lips, “You don’t have to do anything back, just let me do this for you.”
Dean grinned then, leaning in and doing exactly that. But it’s different this time, for Castiel at least. He’s hard, he’s in love and he wants nothing more then to roll on top of Dean and show him how much he really loves him.
Castiel stopped his bike outside of a sleazy motel just past the outskirts of the main town. He slowly made his way to the main office, shying back at the lewd look he was getting from a guy who was standing outside his room, smoking a joint, not even trying to hide the fact he smelt strongly of the medical plant. Stepping inside the door and away from the look eased him only slightly.
Castiel decided not to push it further and  hid under the covers, hiding away like if he can’t see Dean then none of this actually exists.
“Well, thank you, Dean. I’ve devote my entire life to God. There’s not a day I regret my decision to become a priest, one of the only good things I’ve done actually.” Castiel said quite seriously.
Castiel watched Dean walk to his brother, laughing quietly when he saw Sam pouting at having to leave.
“I was. After seeing the way those people treated you, I wanted you to know that I could do that for you without hurting you.”
“No. I mean yes, I understand now.” Castiel said, “I was confused as to what was happening, but now I get it.”
“Well I was very young,” Castiel tried to defend, “besides, I know Michael saw me take it. I’m not sure why he didn’t stop me, but it felt like a blessing.”
Dean watched Castiel with wide eyes as Castiel morphed before him, going from shy and reserved to open and sexual. Dean’s breath taken away as Castiel rocked down against his growing erection.
“If you wish to die.” Castiel snarked, lifting his hips up, back onto Dean’s fingers. “I want to have you inside me. I need it.”
It took only a few more thrusts and a well placed bolt of pleasure for Dean to cum, thighs tightening and nails digging. Dean squeezed down around Castiel, feeling his precious angel follow him into bliss a few moments later. They laid there, blanketed in darkness as the rest of the lights in the room finally gave up and joined their fallen brethren - and by the sounds of it, the rest of the lights in the bunker did too.
Three months after, Castiel knew. Dean had gotten back from the bar, Castiel opting to stay in to read a new book. He was grunting as he walked down the stairs with a slight limp.
Castiel felt lost though, ghost-like without Dean’s witty comments and soothing arms. It was a strange thing, knowing that he could have Dean back whenever he finally got over himself yet knowing he never would. There was so much he would give up if it meant he could go back to who he used to be. Back when things like this didn’t faze him. When human emotion didn’t make him feel like he was dying. When he had no idea who Dean Winchester was and life was just once solid order after another.
“Yeah, me too.” Dean said bashfully, reaching up to rub the back of his neck. “I’ve never been to church. Neither has Sammy. I just thought it might be a nice change.”
“Dean.” Castiel breathed out, hands gripping at the sheets, arching back everytime Dean came forward.
“Some dude at the bar. Rough son of a bitch. I think I’m just gonna shower and go to bed, didn’t do enough damage to make medical necessary.”
There was a faint bruising of a hand on his hip, and now that Castiel looked closer, he could see some faint marks on Deans neck and chest. Hickeys?
"You sure? Dean’s probably going to be gone for a while. There no point waiting around for him to come back." Sam said and cringed as Cas frowned and stopped spinning the spoon.
Dean choked on his beer, eyes wide as he coughed. When he caught his breath he said, “jeez, blunt much?”
Castiel was about to voice his concerns when Dean yelped, feeling Sam press peroxide soaked cotton into his wound.
“Sam, it ain’t your problem.” Dean got up and grabbed another beer, passing it to Sam as he sat down again, “Me and Cas are terrible at communicating. Sure you didn’t help the situation but you didn’t know any better.”
Dean sat up and took off his shirt, grinning when Castiel’s jaw dropped and a heavy breath left his lips. Dean rested his hands on Castiel’s chest, feeling his breath. Castiel was already hard, Dean could feel it. There was a moment of silence, then, Castiel surged up and flipped them over, settling between Dean’s thighs. They kissed like it was the last time they would ever do it. Savoring every second of each other’s tastes.
“Fuck, that’s hot.” Dean said as he climbed back onto the bed, straddling Castiel once more. “Do you want these off?”
Castiel’s heart was pounding. Him and Dean have been together together, like dating together, for almost six months now. In all honesty he had expected to already have been taken to bed but it hasn’t happened yet. Castiel realized that he would have to initiate the second he saw Dean come out of their shared bathroom in only a towel, steam rolling out behind him.
“Yes, actually. I’ve known practically my entire life. I denied it for a while since I thought my family would be against it. It was my brother Lucifer who helped me get over my fears and come out.” Castiel explained, heart beating faster at the thought of his brother. He unwittingly squeezed Dean’s hand.
“Who you trying to convince here?” Gabriel asked with a slight laugh, dropping it after Castiel closed his eyes tightly, as if stoping tears. “So, tell me about him. What’s he like?”
“Uh, no. I don’t smoke either.” Castiel said, getting confused when Dean started laughing. What a weird guy. “I liked kissing you,” He pressed, “your lips were very soft and tasted of hunny. I like hunny.”
“It’s yours now. Something to remember me by.” Castiel said with a soft smile when Dean looked up at him with wide, dazzling eyes.
Castiel sighed, “I have to let it go. I dedicated my heart and body to God the day Lucifer died. I made vows, Gabriel, I can’t go back on that.”
“Yes,” Castiel laid back down, pulling Dean with him. His hands pulled at Dean’s pants, “yes, take these off.”
“My turn, Dean.” Castiel said as he walked backwards, pulling Dean with him. He took the lamp and set it on the desk as they passed, hands and lips never leaving Dean, even as his legs hit the bed and he fell to sit on the mattress. After a few moments, he finally pulled back, lips slick, pupils blown wide, “I want to know how it feels.”
“I’ve never believed it before, until now.” Castiel glances up into Deans eyes, and leaned forward, kissing him softly.
Castiel dropped Dean’s hand as the church doors opened behind him, a woman and her crying young child slipping quietly down the stairs and towards the parking lot, the woman trying to shush her child softly.
Unable to open his eyes, he stays on him knees, letting Dean used a wash rag to wipe his face clean. He pulls Castiel up then, giving him a long, slow kiss.
It built under his skin, and he thinks he’s about to orgasm. Just as it feels like he’s reaching the peak there’s sudden sharp knock on the door.
Dean nodded, “couldn’t agree more.” He sighed and turned his head to look out over the town, feeling Castiel do the same. “Hey, Cas? Can I ask you a kind of personal question?”
Before Castiel could argue that Dean was most definitely not a gal, Dean kneeled in front of him, hand coming down to rest on his upper thigh. His thumb stroked up and down slowly, making Castiel’s breath catch in his throat.
“Yeah, he came back for a few hours to shower and eat, then took off again. He said he’s close to finding the Vamp nest.” Sam said without looking away from the tv, hand digging into the box in his lap, pulling out a handful of cereal.
“When I came out,” Castiel pressed on, “Michael was devastated, he tried to tell me how God would hate me and I would go to Hell for thinking that way, while Lucifer was telling me that God still loved me and nothing would change. Over the years my brothers constantly battled on the subject, sometimes getting physical. Then- then it happened. I met a boy in school, Josh, who was the same as me. We were best friends for a while but it escalated quickly. We tried to keep it a secret, as his family was quiet religious too, but one day we were at my house and things got a little heated. Michael came in for something and that was it. I guess he always thought he could change me and when he saw me with the other boy, he lost it.“
“Dean,” Castiel said in his deep, reassuring voice, laying a hand over Dean’s, “I promise you that you are not alone in this. People have smoked in the church steps before and I never said anything but with you... I had to speak to you. It was like something was pulling me in, drawing me to you.”
Castiel looked at Dean for a moment, then a sob ripped it’s way out of his throat and then he can’t stop himself. He curled up and cried, heart hatching, head hurting and dick absolutely throbbing.
“Dean, wait-“ he said in a panic, bottle slipping from his hand, soaking the carpet. “Dean, I-“ Castiel couldn’t find the words, couldn’t say what he wanted, couldn’t fucking breathe. “Dean stop!”
Dean beamed at him and surged up to kiss Castiel, both laughing in delight as they fell to the side, splaying out in the front seat.
“You make me feel so safe, Dean. I want to give everything to you.” Castiels eyes were wide and honest, taking Dean’s breath away at the implication.
Castiel sat at a table towards the back of the coffee shop, one elbow on the surface, head resting in hand, using his other hand to stir his sugary sweet coffee. Just as he shifted to pour in some more milk, the door jingled and he saw that it was Dean, dressed in the same boots, light colored jeans, with a dark green shirt and dark leather jacket. Castiel felt a little over dressed with his pressed black pants and button up shirt, but it was much too late to change now.
They leaned in, eyes closing as their lips met. Being young, restless sixteen year olds made the situation escalate quickly. Josh leaned back, pulling Castiel with him to lay flat against the pillows, not caring when their text books slid off their laps and onto the ground. They shifted until Castiel was laying over Josh, knees between Josh’s thighs.
It comes to a head one day when Castiel is just waking up, he feel deans heart beat against his back, hard and wild. Dean’s dick is pressed against his ass, his hand on Castiel’s hip shaking.
“I don’t need any guidance,” Dean said, slightly frustrated. He winced as he took a sip of his coffee, stretching his cut lip, making it burn slightly. “My Mom used to tell me angels were watching over me when I was young and I don’t know, meeting you seemed almost like fate. A priest named Castiel. How much more angelic can you get?”
“You don’t have to do that. I’ll be fine. Like I said, you being around makes everything better.” Dean squeezed Castiel’s hands once before backing up, “better get in the shower.”
“That’s ok,” Josh replied, feeling the hardness growing against his own. “we can go slow. No need to-“
“Cas...” Dean ran his fingers through Castiel’s hair, “Let’s not get into it, ok? I have to do this. I’ll probably be doing this for the rest of my life.”
“It’s nice to meet you too.” Sam said, distracted as he saw a small food table at the side of the church.
“I mean...” Castiel blushed, “I mean sex, Dean. I want you so badly it hurts and I don’t know if I could ever stop wanting that.”
“I got you, Dean,” Castiel said, pumping his finger as gently as his libido would let him, “Been wanting to do this for so long. Thought about how good you would feel, how good I could make you feel...”
Castiel slammed his eyes shut as Dean leaned forward and pressed their lips together, heart beating so fast in his chest that it was almost starting to hurt.
The woman at the front desk had her hair up in a messy bun, make up light with thick mascara. She leaned heavily on the counter, pen in her hand, that mornings crossword puzzle from the paper a laid out in front of her. From what he could see from the counter, her clothes were dingy and old, stained by something he didn’t want to name. Castiel was never one to judge, so he paid no mind to the faint stench coming off the woman and stepped up to greet her.
Dean was wrong of course, Castiel hadn’t had any idea what being human would be like before he lost his grace, but he appreciated the sentiment. And, in a way, he understood what Dean meant. Meeting Sam and Dean – he hadn’t only opened his mind to new ideas, he’d opened his heart. And Dean Winchester had made his way inside before Castiel could do anything to stop him.
of you,” Castiel assured him, but Sam raised a skeptical eyebrow and Castiel rolled his eyes, “but yes, ok, maybe Dean was … my main focus.”
Cas sat in his cell in Asmodeus’s prison, trying to ignore Lucifer in the cell next to him. He was babbling about something, trying to annoy the guards, but all he was succeeding in was annoying Cas. Lucifer would be lucky if he didn’t stab him once they got out of there.
A knock came to his door but Dean pointedly ignored it. Castiel opened the door anyway, “Sorry, Dean,” he said, and Dean didn’t look at him.  “Um, I just wanted to return this,” he reached into his coat pocket and pulled out the tape Dean had given him, laying it on the desk.
And he still had a job to do. He would save his mom and Jack from this Hell of a world, even if he had to do it without his brother.
Sam left Dean in the kitchen, staring at an empty plate. He was frustrated by how easily Sam was brushing this all aside. He got that they had bigger things to worry about, he really did, but even Cas was acting like it didn’t matter that they’d let him sit in a cell for weeks.
Sam left for his room, and Dean moved to collect the now empty bottles. He paused and looked at Cas, “Hey, you alright?”
Mary nodded, peering at the screen, Sam had pulled up a YouTube playlist of coming out stories, “this is amazing,” she muttered. “I mean, I’ve known some gay people in my life, had a couple of friends, but it was usually like, something secret. But people just, go on the …
Cas was still just staring, feeling almost … empty. He’d lost Jack Kline. He’d promised Kelly … and he’d failed. He’d only just gotten back, and already he hadn’t been able to protect him.
“Well, technically it’s been going on for a lot longer than that,” Sam interrupted, “Dean’s just known Cas for 8 years, but he’s not the only guy Dean’s liked. Or, y’know, I’m pretty sure.”
“I…” Castiel started, but then paused, searching for words, “Dean, I just keep failing. Again, and again. When you were taken, I searched for months and I couldn’t find you. And then Kelly escaped on my watch, and I couldn’t find her. And I just wanted… I needed to come back here with a win for you. For myself.”
As if they were on a hunt, and the internalized homophobia were the next monster they needed to take out. In a way, that was almost how Sam thought of it. Obviously, it wasn’t deadly or anything like the monsters they usually hunted, but it was something that was robbing his brother of happiness. Happiness that Dean desperately needed. They went through too much heart ache and suffering, at least one of them deserved to be happy.
The cold night air rushed across Dean’s face from the open window of the Impala.  Everything that had happened that day – even his encounter with Death – felt like it was being swept away by each gust of wind. The despair that had been weighing on him for weeks was gone, leaving him with one thing – hope.
“You think you’re the only one rolling snake eyes here?” Dean asked, finally turning away from his laptop screen. It was obvious Castiel wasn’t sure what that meant but Dean continued.  “Me and Sam, we had her. We had Kelly and we lost her.”
“Sam’s working on it.” Dean assured him, “Of course, he’s hellbent on finding something that doesn’t mean killing her or her kid.”
Sam laughed, “What? No, I don’t hate them. They’re great,” but it was very unconvincing, not to mention that Dean had over 30 years of memories telling him otherwise.
“Yeah,” Dean said, smiling back briefly. That small moment, the touch of his hands, had pulled him back to the present, negative emotions about a past that didn’t matter anymore flew away. He was here, now, with Cas.
Dean grumbled but didn’t argue. Something had felt off about that phone call, but he wanted to prove to Cas that he trusted him. If he said he was fine, if he didn’t want Sam and Dean involved in this “lead” yet, whatever it was … then fine. He would trust him. But he didn’t like Cas being so far away so soon.
“What?” Dean asked, pulling his attention away from the laptop screen, which was running an algorithm, searching for signs of archangel activity. There had still been no sign of Gabriel, which meant no way to get back to Mom and Jack.
Dean met Cas’s eyes with a glare, refusing to be the first to look away. A part of him knew that Cas was right. It wouldn’t help anyone if they had all gotten slaughtered in that den of vampires. But it had felt like giving up. Like letting Sam die when there was still a chance to save him – no matter how small of a chance it had been. Cas had held him back and made him watch his little brother be dragged away by monsters.
Dean rolled his eyes, “I don’t know Sam, I really don’t. I know he’s not stupid, so I can’t understand why he keeps acting like it.”
Dean was beat. He was tired. He had been through too much in one day, and that was saying something. He had almost sacrificed himself to kill God’s sister once, but that day had nothing on this one. He’d thought
There was a part of Sam that wanted to tease Castiel the way Dean teased him about Eileen, but there was a severity to the situation that didn’t allow it. Instead he just said, “I think he got the message.”
"Knowing you, it... it's been the best part of my life. And the things that... the things we've shared together, they have changed me. You're my family. I love you. I love all of you."
“Right, and if he doesn’t find something?” Castiel asked, already knowing the answer, “If you run out of time; could
Dean was sitting in Rowena’s hotel room, trying to not fall asleep while Sam and Rowena chatted about spells and herbs on the other side of the room, when his phone rang.
Castiel began to walk in time with Dean, he opened his mouth to speak but Dean picked up his pace, shouldering past him. “Don’t talk to me,” he grunted. Not right now.
He looked it over, not really reading it but … remembering. The way Eileen spoke more with her face than with her words. Her fearlessness. The way she made him laugh.
Well, he might as well spit it out. “You know … for a lot of my life I thought people were either gay or straight. Two options. One or the other. And since I liked girls and I knew I liked girls I figured I must be straight and that’s it,” Cas looked a little alarmed at the sudden change in topic, but … not as alarmed as Dean might have expected, “but, turns out, maybe that’s not as true as I thought it was. Or … not true at all.”
“No, they … they’ve forgotten about me,” Dean said, and from the way he said it Mary got the feeling that this was something official. Dean wasn’t just saying it had been a long time or pretending he hadn’t mattered to them. He was certain they had no memory of him. And with the company he kept, that wasn’t entirely impossible. “Besides, like I said. It’s not my scene. I can’t do the whole …. “ he trailed off, waving his hand away from himself, as if brushing away an irrelevant idea.
“Hey, no,” Sam said, wrapping her in his arms. He didn’t like being reminded of that, his time without a soul. He didn’t like knowing that person was still in him, in some way. “No, Mom, if you’re going to blame anyone blame Lucifer. Blame Azazel. None of that was on you.”
But he did love him. He loved how human he was, how fiercely he fought to protect the things that mattered to him. And he loved how, despite everything they’d gone through, he still found ways to laugh. He was brave, and determined, and … God, Castiel couldn’t wait to see him again.
alright. Sometimes he was just as frustrating to talk to as Dean. “I know …” Sam started, coming further into the room, “I know this isn’t the first close call you’ve had,” they had all had way more than any one person should, “but I know that, even if you’ve been there before, its … never much fun.” Sam knew from experience that even when you’d literally faced down God’s sister, a gunshot to the wrong place could still be more terrifying. Death wasn’t picky and escaping it once didn’t mean you could escape it forever.
Dean couldn’t believe it. They had done it. They had actually done it. They got mom back, they got Jack back, Lucifer was gone, they didn’t have to worry about evil alternate Michael anymore … it had been a long time since they’d won like this without causing their next big problem in the process.
Dean had picked a double feature for them all to watch, but instead of reaching for the remote to select the next movie, he let the credits roll. There was a question that had been bouncing around in his head for … a while. He wasn’t entirely sure where it had come from, but he’d probably been thinking about it for at least a year. Given the … way he’d been feeling recently it had been pestering him more, “Hey, Cas, y’know, I’ve been meaning to ask you something”
?” Dean snapped, “So… you’re just gonna sit in your room, look at old pictures and starve yourself? What’s your plan?”
Sam placed the photo of Charlie back into his box of memories, putting the brochure from the nursing home where he’d met Eileen on top, and smiling softly at that memory. He should text her.
Dean looked at him levelly, then nodded, “Fine. A day. I’ll leave you alone. But you should get rid of some of that stuff. It’s not good for us to dwell on the past.”
"Well, I’ve been thinking,” Dean said, “Your buddy Benjamin, his vessel was a woman, but he was a guy, right? I mean,
“What are you talking about Sammy? Two of these are for me,” Dean said with a laugh, handing one to Cas, who was even less likely to eat it than Sam was, and settling down on the couch next to him. “Now, you ready for this one?” he laughed, “ah, you’re gonna love it.” He reached for the remote, then paused, looking between Sam and Cas, “I miss something?” he asked.
Sam nodded, understanding, “So, you’re saying it’s better to continue as things are, rather than rock the boat?”
He didn’t want to think about it. He couldn’t think about it. But he didn’t think he’d be able to get that image out of his head soon. Castiel crumpled on the ground, the life ebbing from him with every breath he took. Dean had seen horrible things but … it never really got easier. He couldn’t stand seeing his family in pain, especially when he couldn’t do anything to help. He’d just … stood there and watched as that blackness oozed out of Castiel. Paralyzed. Defeated.
He walked through the bunker. Sam was busy trying to catch all the new people up on how things worked in their world, and Jack was getting some much-needed sleep. Dean poked his head into a few rooms, looking for Cas. Now that the world wasn’t ending, for once, he … felt like there was something he needed to do. Something he needed to say.
her things. And Dean … the last she’d seen of him he’d been a four-year-old boy who loved nothing more than hanging off his father’s arm and talking, talking endlessly about nothing. Now he was stoic and scarred. She hadn’t missed the pained look on his face when she’d mentioned what a good father John was in her memory. What had happened to her beloved John? What had he become? She almost didn’t want to know, not if it was the source of the pain in her sons’ eyes.
Jessica. Jo and Ellen. Bobby. Kevin. Charlie. Eileen. Now Kaia. Along with faces he couldn’t fit to names, but that he remembered. Lying dead. Just because they’d known the Winchesters.
But the bunker still felt so … empty to her. So full of things she didn’t understand, things she didn’t fit with anymore. At the top of that list was her boys. How do you get to know a 33 year old man who is apparently your baby boy? She’d never even heard Sam speak, and now he towered over her and offered to
“So … what?”  Mary asked, frustration on her brow, “we just keep waiting? I mean you said this has been going on for 8 years – ”
“No Cas, it’s not,” Dean said forcefully. Because it wasn’t fine. Dean knew that Cas had been through a lot, but what Naomi had done to him … messed around in his head, tried to make him into her little puppet. Tried to take away his agency. That wasn’t something Dean could just put in the past. He knew they worked with a lot of sketchy people for the greater good – hell, he was sitting in the living room of a witch who had just kill five people – but this wasn’t the kind of thing you just moved past.
“I don’t know I guess the kid must have gotten pretty attached to you when he … got into your head or whatever.” Dean said gruffly. He still hated thinking about that day, when Castiel’s eyes had glowed yellow and he’d left them unconscious in front of the gates of heaven.
Dean drove the Impala down an empty stretch of road for a few minutes, blasting a Zeppelin song as they went. He knew that Cas knew something was up, and he was beating himself up inside for feeling so … weird and stressed about it. It wasn’t like he’d never told someone he liked them. Why couldn’t he just – act? Like he normally did?
DEAN: Mm. Yeah. This.(Beer) A whole lot of this. But on a beach somewhere, you know? Can you imagine? You, me, Cass, toes in the sand, couple of them little umbrella drinks. Matching Hawaiian shirts, obviously. Some hula girls.
“So… what about you?” Mary asked, looking at Sam, “are you L – G – B – T – Q?” she read the letters out carefully.
Cas was smiling. It was a small smile, that tugged at his lips in this stupid cute way and Dean hated it. And he loved it.
Castiel looked at him, pulling a face very much like the one Dean had just been imagining, which made him smile. Dean knew Cas didn’t sleep, that was part of the joke, which Cas seemed to get after a moment when his furrowed brow softened, and he smiled slightly. “I’m just, looking for a book on Nephilim,” he said, indicating the bookshelf behind Dean, “What are you doing?”
and you say something like that to him? What did you think was gonna happen? Nothing I said – nothing Cas did – was gonna matter after that, because you already convinced him that he wasn’t worth saving!”
“What did Jack mean,” he began to ask, knowing he might regret it, “that he was a monster? Why would he think that?”
“It’s just … Well, you know I’ve been doing … research, trying to find ways to help Dean. These websites and videos and stuff that Charlie got me into,” he’d started out trying to help Dean, to understand more about internalized homophobia and unlearn all the harmful things they’d been told growing up. But eventually he’d started looking at things that had nothing to do with Dean, “I don’t know, I’ve been watching some of them, people who don’t identify as male or female, like genderqueer, genderfluid, nonbinary, and … I don’t know, it got me thinking…” he trailed off.
Mary raised her hands up, palms facing Dean in a sign of peace, “Whoa, I’m sorry. I don’t know about any Anna. I just meant …”  she waited a moment for Dean to meet her eyes, “you and Castiel seem kinda close, but if I’m –”
Sam sighed, “I know, Asmodeus was … he checked in with us all the time, we never even suspected,” he laughed wryly, “maybe we should’ve. I mean, when’s the last time Cas kept us in the loop
“I – uh – yeah,” Sam said with a nod, “Dean is right. We need to be rested if we’re going to talk about … all of this,” he hesitated, and hated that even now he sometimes didn’t want to say Lucifer’s name. He thought he’d worked past all that, but some things didn’t heal.
“Huh” Dean said, setting down his drink. He definitely had a lot to think about. Maybe too much to think about. What if he had met Cas as a woman? What would he have thought about him? or … her? Or would Cas still want to be called “him” even in a female vessel? He looked at Cas, and tried to imagine him as a girl, but he couldn’t. This face, the blue eyes, the shape of his jaw, the stubble that ran along it, the little bit of collar bone that could be seen where his shirt had been unbottened … it was all just …
Dean threw his hands up in exasperation, “Ok Sammy, what do you want me to say? ‘you were right?’ It wasn’t a witch; it wasn’t a ghost either but y’know, who cares? And hey, I decided to go along with this whole Men of Letters thing, didn’t I? I followed your lead on that one, and where did that get us? Oh, right, Mick murdered an innocent kid, and they still keep sending us on hunts like we’re their wolfhounds or something.”
Dean was silent as they made their way through the forest, away from the den of vampires. Gabriel and the girl they had picked up along the way trailed behind him … the girl had seemed wary of Dean after she tried to apologize to him. She wouldn’t walk anywhere close.
Dean groaned and leaned back in his chair. “I am not – I can’t deal with this right now,” he looked exhausted, and after everything that had happened the past few days – being trapped in the bunker with Lady Bevel, organizing the hunters, whatever he’d done to get mom back – Sam couldn’t blame him. “I need … a shower,” Dean said, standing up, “and like, at least 2 hours of sleep.”
That was only one of the many questions she had but was too afraid to ask. She’d missed so many milestones, so many memories. What was Sam’s first word? When did he learn to walk? What was their favorite subject in school? She had wanted to help them with science projects and prom dates and sports games and getting their first jobs. But she supposed they hadn’t had any of those anyway, not with the way they grew up. On the road, always chasing the next job. Just like her childhood.
Eventually, he sat up and pulled his box out, setting it on his bed. Laying on top of his collection of memories was the letter Eileen had sent them, the one they had gotten too late. This box was supposed to hold happy memories. It was supposed to remind him of all the reasons staying alive was worth it; that his life had been worth it. But he hadn’t wanted to toss this letter, and it had seemed the most reasonable place to put it.
Dean scoffed derisively, and Castiel looked up at him, a little offended. “Look, I’m sorry Cas,” Dean said, “I know… I
Dean was silent for a moment, replaying the day’s events in his mind. He thought of the concern he’d seen on Cas’s face after Donatello had tried to suffocate Dean. What would Dean have done, if the situation was reversed? If Donatello had put Cas’s life in danger …
Dean: “Mom what you did. The Deal. Everything that’s happened since. Has made us who we are. And we who are? We kick ass. We save the world. “
“Dean, he attacked you,” Cas said, anger filling his voice, “He was soulless, and had all the knowledge from the demon tablet in his head. Who knows what he was going to do next? I stopped him. I saved you. I got what we need to save Jack. I will not apologize.”
“Dean,” Sam said, “I know. And believe me, I’m kicking myself over this too,” he paused, not sure how to say what came next. He couldn’t tell Dean not to feel guilty, not with all the guilt he’d been  holding himself with everything they went through. But Cas had made it out. Maybe he was a little worse for wear, but he’d made it home. That was more than they could say for a lot of people.
“You think you’re the only one rolling snake eyes here?” Dean asked, finally turning to face him. But he didn’t understand. Dean was always so sure of himself. Even when he was wrong, he believed he was right. But Castiel … he wasn’t certain of anything anymore. He felt like every time he tried to do the right thing, it turned out wrong. He couldn’t be a good angel, but he didn’t know how to be a good Winchester either. He couldn’t blindly follow orders anymore, but he knew he wasn’t the right person to give them. The least he could do, the
Dean sat on one end of the sofa; feet propped up on the coffee table in front of him, carefully not spilling the beer that was set there as well. Cas was sitting at the other end, eyes still glued to the screen. He was probably actually reading the credits, he did that sometimes. He said that so many humans had put time and effort into making these things, they deserved at least a few minutes to have their names read.
“Sammy,” Dean said worriedly, and Sam was already shaking his head. He loved Dean but sometimes it was infuriating that he still treated him like his baby brother. “What happened to her, you know that wasn’t on us. The Men of Letters, they were going after every American hunter –”
Eventually Cas broke the stare-down, shaking his head tiredly. “I know you think it’s your job to protect everyone,” he said, “but some of us – some of us want to protect you too,” his frustration was evident in his entire being, but Dean couldn’t bring himself to speak. He just looked back at the girl they had saved. Maggie … that was her name, right?  Sam would argue that it had mattered. They had saved someone.
“Ishim wasn’t the first superior I’ve found to be corrupted,” Castiel said evenly, “or the first friend to be cruel after I had disappointed him,” he added, eyes flickering up to Dean. It had struck Castiel as ironic to see how appalled Dean had been that Cas let Ishim speak to him so disrespectfully, when Dean himself had been treating him quite coldly. However, he knew the two weren’t even comparable. He had been irritated at Dean, but he knew that irritation wouldn’t last, it never did.
, what does that even mean? We don’t have a time frame or an approximate threat level. Nothing! What if it’s something we can’t stop? What if something terrible happens to – to h—” Dean exhaled sharply, “To us.”
“Dean, there was nothing we could do,” Castiel said and Dean refused to look at him, “There were too many of them, and they’d already hurt him too badly. Maybe, if Gabriel was at full power but …” he stopped in his tracks, grabbing Dean’s arm and forcing him to face him. “I wasn’t going to let you die.”
“Look, ok,” he said, taking a deep breath to calm himself, “this isn’t about me, this is about Cas.” Dean rolled his eyes, and Sam knew he thought Sam was surrendering. He was wrong, Sam just knew what his priorities were, and they didn’t include resurfacing old arguments that would never be solved. “Listen, I’m mad too, I wish he’d talked to us, I wish we could tackle these problems together, but have you ever stopped to wonder why he keeps doing this? This isn’t the first time he’s gone off and tried to fix something all by himself.”
“Well …” Sam gestured to the food he’d just made, “I made enough for leftovers, you’re welcome to it.”
But Castiel could tell from the way Dean’s jaw tightened that he didn’t accept that as an apology. “I…” he started, but what was he even going to say? “Dean, I just keep failing. Again, and again. When you were taken, I searched for months and I couldn’t find you. And then Kelly escaped on my watch, and I couldn’t find her. And I just wanted –” No, wanted wasn’t the right word. The pain he’d felt, at having failed Sam and Dean over and over … he didn’t just
Dean rolled his eyes, “Tell me about it,” and shoveled another bite into his mouth. After just another moment of silence, he spoke again, “But seriously! I mean, from the get-go I thought – I don’t know, that it didn’t make sense, that it didn’t …
Mary raised an eyebrow at her 37-year-old son, who, by her approximations, was acting like someone who had been caught with his hand in a cookie jar and was desperately trying to prove his innocence. “You really wanna hear it?”
Sam shook his head, turning away from his brother. He always did this. If Sam or Cas were in danger, Dean would rush in, making a rash decision to save them, regardless of the consequences. But the second one of them did the same for him, consequences were suddenly the only thing that mattered.
Dean sat up at the sound of footsteps and saw Cas entering from the hallway. “Cas,” he greeted, “what are you doing up this late?”
Dean chuckled, “Yeah, she was pretty, alright. And smart and strong and … she had this kid named Ben. He was just … man, he was the best. Looked up to me, wanted to be like me,” there was emotion creeping into Dean’s voice and Mary could tell he wasn’t comfortable showing it to her, at least not yet. Maybe not ever.
to be able to express how he felt to Dean. He clung to every opportunity he had to hug Dean, hold him close. He wished for more. But Castiel had been around for a long time, he knew how to be patient.
. Cas and I, we’re like … we’re like brothers, ok?  We’re like …” he paused and looked away from her, seeming to search for a better descriptor, but not finding one, “But, God, Mom, I’m not … I’m not gay!”
.” He paused for a moment, looking for Cas’s reaction but he didn’t really seem to have one, he was just looking at Sam pensively. Suddenly, Sam felt like he shouldn’t have said anything, “I’m not saying I wanna wear skirts and makeup like some of the – nonbinary people I see online but … I don’t know. Nevermind, it doesn’t matter,” he shook his head,  moving back to his armchair.
Cas looked at him through narrowed eyes, but when it became clear that Dean wasn’t going to pick a fight he relaxed. “We need to be prepared,” he said, echoing what he had said earlier.
“I said, don’t talk to me,” Dean reiterated. He knew that, in his current mood, he was likely to say things he would regret later. He also knew that if he started talking, he’d probably start crying, and Cas had been right about one thing. They didn’t have time.
” Dean insisted, “you are not the same angel you were back then, and yes. It’s been messy. Yeah, sometimes you make decisions that I don’t agree with – like with Billie –“ he added, obviously not ready to let that go, “but you care. You didn’t used to let yourself care, and that’s the difference between you and the other angels. You … I don’t know, it was like you knew what it was like to be human, even before you had a taste of it yourself.”
Sam sighed, “I mean, I’ve hinted, joked about it a few times, but never outright, no. Because, Dean gets defensive. This was something else Charlie and I talked about. She was adamant that if someone wasn’t ready to come out, you can
Sam: No, don’t… You keep saying I’m in a dark place, but I’m not, Dean. Everything I’m saying is the truth. It’s our lives. And I tried to pretend it didn’t have to be. I tried to pretend we could have Mom back and Cas and – and help Jack. But we can’t. This ends one way for us, Dean. It ends bloody. It ends bad.
Sam, who was waiting for his call to pick up, gave Cas a warning glance, shaking his head almost imperceptibly. But then he shot a glare at Dean, which told Cas everything he needed to know. Jack had not received the …
“Dean, come on,” Sam said tiredly, “Cas can handle himself. And … as long as he’s answering his phone we know he’s ok, right?”
Castiel already wasn’t a good man. He had blood on his hands that went back eons. He wouldn’t let Dean or Sam add this crime to their conscious. He needed them to stay good men.
Dean seemed taken aback, and he laughed awkwardly, then took a sip of his coffee, stalling. After a moment he nodded, “There was one,” he admitted, “I’ve gotta be honest mom, I’m not really a relationship person. I mean, you know the job, it doesn’t really allow for one. But there was this girl, Lisa.”
Dean, to his credit, didn’t try to fumble an escape for himself. He set his jaw, “yeah, I wasn’t the kid’s biggest fan when we first met,” he admitted, “he’s the son of Satan. I mean … this time last year we ALL thought he was going to bring about the next Apocalypse.”
“Dean,” Sam said, trying to hide behind his exasperation, “why’d you – I told you not to make any for me.”
Castiel stared at empty space where Jack had been standing, refusing to believe what had just happened. How could Jack just be … gone?
Sam shook his head; this was a hole he did not want to dig too far into. He shouldn’t have opened it up. But talking about the Men of Letters and everything would lead to discussions about Mom, and Sam wasn’t ready to have those with Dean. Their relationship had been strained every since Dean realized it was her fault Cas had almost died Not to mention he was starting to regret the Men of Letters decision himself.
“I didn’t want to die,” Castiel admitted, “without saying it at least once. Even if he’s not ready to say it back.”
"Um,” Dean hadn’t thought about it. Normally he had a long list of movies he wanted to rewatch, movies he wanted to show Cas. But they had fallen out of the habit of movie nights recently, and he didn’t have any movies that came to mind, “I don’t know, you can pick tonight.”
“I’m serious,” Castiel insisted, “Dean is … don’t get me wrong your brother is very brave, but he is also terrified. Why do you think I haven’t tried to approach him about this before?” Dean Winchester liked being in charge of any given situation. When that secure position got threatened, Dean threw walls up to protect himself and started shutting people out. “I don’t want him to shut me out. I won’t risk it.”
But Dean could hear in his voice that Cas was more shaken by this encounter than he wanted to admit. He was scared. Vulnerable. In that moment Dean wanted, more than anything, to be by his side. To hold him, to protect him. To fight everyone and everything that had ever hurt him.
The next thing he knew, Castiel had his arms around him. Dean clung back. He held him close and he knew it was true. He didn’t know how to say it or what to do about it, but … he loved this man. More deeply and more passionately than he had ever loved anyone before. He wouldn’t lose him again. He couldn’t.
Sam huffed in frustration, “He saved our lives. He saved mom’s life. The least you could do is thank him.”
Dean tapped the brochure Sam had taken from the Oak Park Retirement Home, “What’s this for?” he asked, “you looking for a place to settle down?” He chuckled weakly but Sam didn’t smile. He just packed up the box and set it back on his desk.
Dean opened his mouth, but at that moment Castiel entered the kitchen. He stood stiffly in the doorway, eyeing the two Winchesters warily.
“Dean,” Sam said in protest, but Dean ignored him and pointedly set the pancakes on Sam’s beside table.
Mary nodded with determination, “We’re going to get Castiel back,” she said, “I’m not losing any of my boys.”
The credits rolled across the screen, unevenly illuminating the “Dean Cave” where they all sat. Dean had ended up buying a new, not-cursed, TV, which was much less exciting but also much less murder-y. Sam was sitting in the armchair, scribbling in a journal, which Dean had felt defeated the whole purpose of having a movie night, but Sam said that it counted that he was in the same room as them, and besides, he’d seen this movie a hundred times with Dean and he didn’t need to pay attention to know what was going on. It seemed he was done with his “overly nice” routine.
” Dean met his gaze; sure, maybe he had been frustrated yesterday (with plenty of reason) but that didn’t mean Sam had to walk on eggshells around him and try to make him feel “better.” After a moment Sam sighed and shook his head, letting Dean win the staring contest. “It’s not just for you,” he said, “we’re
“I'm following a very interesting lead,” came the answer. “I'll fill you in when I know more. See you soon, Dean.”
Sam’s eyebrows shot up in surprise. Castiel could tell that he’d made him uncomfortable, but he got the sense that no amount of small talk would have made the situation less awkward.
