And Castiel knows that, this could keep him banished from Heaven forever. But the way Dean tastes, the way Dean’s sweat feels against his face, the way Dean pulls and tangles his fingers in Castiel’s hair when he comes, is better than anything that God, that Heaven, could ever give Castiel.
He reads the international news, the local news, the news for every major city in America. He reads about town mayor elections and high school sports. He reads about the four men with missing hearts who have been found over the past three days in Manhattan. An investment banker, a doctor, a city councilman, a lawyer. All found in their offices. All married, all in their late forties, fifties. No leads, nothing. Probably, maybe, a serial killer, according to the police.
“I get it. I don’t judge.” Dean can remember saying those same words, giving almost the same explanation, over and over, to women and men he met in alleys and pay-by-the-hour motor-inns, before he let them use him, before he let them take what they wanted from him.
A few days ago, I was ready to die. For Cas, for Sam, for Dean. For the world. But now the world is gone, and now I’m nothing, and I’m not ready to give in to Chuck.
In the glass, Castiel watches the reflection of his own mouth as it spreads over Dean’s. He watches the reflections of a broken, damaged angel, of a broken, damaged man, cracking along bags of sour-cream potato chips and days-old sandwiches, like some kind of foil-and-cellophane-wrapped stained glass.
“You don’t always have to be the one who sacrifices everything,” Castiel tilts Dean’s face back up toward his.
And it was Dean’s idea to stop, because without his grace, Castiel would be nothing but human. Castiel would be human, and, maybe, he could feel what Dean feels when they’re like this. What Dean feels when they’re lying half-dressed in some hotel-chain bed, when the minutes on the clock pass midnight, one in the morning, two in the morning, in what seems like seconds. But Castiel would be human, vulnerable, mortal. And Dean would rather Castiel be invincible, be the one thing, that he can’t lose no matter what, than risk Castiel loving him back, and risk being able to lose him forever.
“You just want it to be over, so…what? Maybe your girlfriend, or whatever she is, comes back? And then what? You pretend everything is fine? Sam, you know this isn’t just the demon blood, right? There’s something else going on with you, isn’t there?”  His fingers dig into my skin while I speak, and he lifts me away from the headboard and slams me back into it.
“That’s not what I meant,” Dean climbs out of the shower, passing a towel to Castiel. “I just meant…not here.”
His cheek brushes across my lips, and he pushes his hips back into mine. And I can’t stand it anymore, can’t stand how hard I am, can’t stand the way his body convulses when he finishes all over the table. I shove myself inside him, pressing him face-down on the table.
If he could, Castiel would rip Dean’s scars raw, make them permanent, brand Dean as his, only his, forever.
“Sometimes, yes. Sometimes, just enough to get through it. Sometimes, no. I guess, the same as any other time.” Dean puts his hand on Castiel’s knee and sits up.  Castiel doesn’t know which he would be, to Dean, Yes, or just enough to get through it, or maybe just, no.
Dean doesn’t know if Castiel will still want him, like this, when he finally realizes that he’s nothing now, no one. Lost in a world where his perfect ending left him worthless.
“You left me. You told me something, something no one has ever told me, and then you left me, just like everyone else.” Dean lifts his head and slams it back down onto the mattress. “You told me that I’m not a killer, and then you let me watch you die so that I could live. So, again, fuck you, Cas.”
Castiel rests his head on Dean’s hips, the leather collar becoming ensnared with the blue lace that has pushed itself up Dean’s thighs. “I love that you’re mine.”
“I don’t think we’ve ever been okay.” Castiel’s head drops to Dean’s shoulder, as Dean moves his hands down to where their hips are pressed together, to where Dean folds his fingers around himself, to where he folds his fingers around Castiel. Castiel lifts his eyes to Dean’s and he tries to kiss him, tries to do something, but the feeling of Dean’s hand all over him, the feeling of Dean, hard and grinding against him, leaves Castiel only able to gasp for the air that’s inside Dean’s mouth.
Lisa’s cell phone is filled with pictures of Dean and Ben, fixing the Impala, sitting on the couch playing video games, stringing Christmas lights along a sparse Evergreen tree. Castiel deletes each one, knowing it would break Dean forever to know that Lisa’s secret, the truth, that Ben was his, had been erased along with all her other memories of him.
“I just want you to stop. I just want to know I can trust you. I just want you to back off this insane plan for souls, for Purgatory.” Dean’s palm presses into Castiel’s chest, and Castiel uses Dean’s arm, to pull himself up, to pull Dean’s mouth into his, to pull Dean back down onto the bed and underneath him, pinning Dean onto the mattress, holding Dean’s wrists above his head.
There’s nothing left here. Abandoned cars line the road. The smell of mass casualty, of slaughter, of women and children first, still hangs in the atmosphere.
“This is for my Mom,” Jack throws a handful of papers down onto the blaze, then he places the journal back in Dean’s hands. “You do the rest.”
“Cas said he needed a break from the Lucifer thing, after LA,” Sam says. “He went on a hunt with Dean. To New York. Guys with missing hearts.”
Dean opens the journal, looks through the few remaining pages, at his father’s ramblings, and he throws it down into the pyre, watches as the flames engulf it. “And it’s for all of you, our real family.”
“Anything,” Dean says, into Castiel’s open mouth. Underneath Castiel, Dean needs this, needs this to forget about killing God, needs this to forget about the world, a world where he’s useless. A world he doesn’t know his place in, now that the monsters are gone. A world where there’s no one to save, no one to kill, where there’s only Castiel. Castiel, between his legs, Castiel buried in his neck.
But he gives in, tilts his head backward, letting me run my mouth down his neck.  “Cas – I can’t – we can’t…” His voice trails off into my ear.
“Dead.” I drop back onto my knees. Everything is getting louder. I think I have a headache. Something like that.
“I knew you’d come around,” Crowley moves his hand down Castiel’s cheek. “I’ll get you your souls. And we’ll talk about payment later.”
“We lost, Sammy. We lost.” I put my head back down on the table. “Just give up. It was Chuck all along, not Billie. We lost.”
She opens Dean’s door. Dean drags a pillow across his body, holding it at his waist. “Fuck,” he says. “Maybe next time knock.” He looks over at Castiel, tries to think of some way to explain this to Ruby, but he doesn’t need to, or want to, or have to, explain this to anyone.
I drop Rowena’s book down by my feet, there’s nothing, nothing about the Empty. Nothing that makes any sense anymore.
“I don’t belong in Hell.” But even I don’t believe that. All of the people I’ve hurt, all of the things I’ve done to protect the Winchesters and Jack. I’ve destroyed Heaven. Killed more angels than I can even remember. “What’s happening to me?”
Dean puts his head down into his hands and swallows down the saliva in his mouth. “I don’t want to do this anymore, Sammy. But even if we could win, I have to, because the world is never going to be safe.” He pauses, but the deafening sound of the silence of an empty world rings in his head, and he continues, “Do you remember once, I said, if I knew the world was safe, I’d retire? That’s what I want, and what I’ll never have. Because even if we kill Chuck, they’ll be someone new to take his place, some new end of the world. Some new reason for us to fight.”
“The demon blood? Of course it was. Coming to Texas, for this, with you, was a mistake.” Sam runs his fingers along the cold metal beneath him. “Everything we do, all of us, it’s a mistake, right?”
“Right, I’ll bring her back to you. In some new world we create. A world without Sam and Dean Winchester.” Chuck runs his fingers through his beard, taps his fingers on the arm of his chair. “All you have to do is help me now…help me end this. All the other Sams and all the other Deans, it always ends the same for them. You can help me make that happen. You can help me fix the one thing, that makes this world different than the others, the one thing that keeps coming back, that’s not supposed to be here.”
Ruby slides the blade that Castiel had given her, back at the Bunker, from the inside of her jacket. She had told him that he was insane, for giving this to her, for trusting her. But then he had said that, maybe she was right all along, and maybe the two of them really aren’t that different. And she’s the only one with a chance, the only one who can maybe fight God. And Chuck doesn’t care about her, he’s too fixated on Sam and Dean, and everything else. And he doesn’t realize she’s behind him, waiting, the angel blade reflecting the blood-red color of the sky onto the whitening grass, pink shadows on the ground in front of her.
“Maybe I don’t know what this means,” Dean says, pressing his face down into Castiel’s neck. “Maybe I used to think I did, and I don’t anymore.”
Dried leaves crumble below Castiel’s footsteps as his eyes turn to Dean’s across the moon-reflecting car roof.
She smells like hand sanitizer and mint-flavored chewing gum. And Castiel can’t remember the instructions Dean gave him, because he wasn’t listening, because he just wants this to be over. He leans back in the chair, a chair covered in body fluids dried white, glitter, and something that might be, probably is, blood. She’s grinding against him, and, he thinks, this is supposed to make him feel good, make him feel something. But all he can do is wonder why he ever let Dean convince him to come here.
Castiel turns his face up to Dean’s, snow stuck in his dark hair, eyes rimmed with red. “It’s okay Dean. Do it, save everyone, save yourself. I told you, I was never supposed to be here anyway. You were never supposed to save me.”
Castiel turns his face into Dean’s, kisses him where the skin on forehead his meets his hair that’s still wet with bathroom-sink water. Dean’s arm slips over Castiel, over his stomach, and he closes his eyes. Castiel feels warm against him and he lets himself push it all down, to the back of his mind, to the back of somewhere else. All of it, Lucifer, the things he wants to say to Castiel, the things he wants to say to everyone. Dean swallows it, shoves it down just below the surface of the places in his brain he’ll expose to Castiel, only to Castiel. Just below the surface, where it can all still escape into the dreams that plague him.
“Where were you? Were you hurt? What was it like?” Sam takes a sip of his own coffee, and it spills down his chin and onto his shirt. He wipes it with the back of his hand.
“But he already has,” Sam pulls himself off the ground. “He won the minute you destroyed Jack to save Cas. And now I just have to finish this and clean up your mess.”
“Where to, Cas?” Dean doesn’t know what else to say, what else to do. Every part of him wants to bring Castiel home, to the bunker, where he should be, where he belongs. But Castiel is hunted, hunted by angels, angels who will destroy Sam’s chances of survival. And every part of Dean wants to risk it all, just to have Castiel back, where he should have been all along.
I cut across her flesh, and let her bleed, past my lips and teeth and down my tongue. My face is buried against her and she groans and squirms against me.
He listens to the sound of Dean breathing, to the feeling of Dean’s chest moving up and down against his body. He folds his fingers around Dean’s, and he imagines that this is all there is for them. That there isn’t a world full of demons waiting for them. He imagines that this is something that’s not camouflaged with lies, deception. He imagines that this is real, that this is reality, to everyone who matters to them.
And when he’s done, when Castiel pulls himself out of, away from, Dean, when Castiel’s lips drift away from his, Castiel reaches behind Dean’s head and underneath his pillow, and slips his fingers through the cold metal of the Colt.
Dean stands, and Castiel pulls at his jeans, unbuttoning them, letting them drop to the floor. His eyes turn up to Dean and he runs his tongue over Dean’s stomach, trailing down to his pelvis. Dean drops his wet shirt on the ground and bends, knocking Castiel backward, and sliding his body down onto his. The feeling of Dean, all of Dean, Dean’s skin against his own, it’s almost like Castiel can feel Dean’s soul again.
He can still hear the sounds, of others, who have come here, down the hall. The clanking of glasses from the bar that’s just a front for whatever this place is. The murmur of music that’s unrecognizable underneath the noise of an overhead fan.  “I don’t know what I want,” he says. “Or maybe I do, and maybe I know that I’ll never have it.” Castiel turns his eyes to the fake-hardwood floor, to avoid hers, because the words coming out of his mouth are his truth, the truth he wouldn’t speak to anyone, and he doesn’t know why he’s saying them now, saying them here.
But Castiel’s lips move up Dean’s spine, to the back of Dean’s neck, and he tilts Dean’s head back, with his uninjured hand, his teeth brushing along Dean’s throat. “I used to worry about breaking you, ruining you.”
When he’s filled with Castiel’s grace, there’s a euphoria, a detachment, that’s pure, and that burns through Dean’s brain. It’s different, than the way he feels when he’s drunk out of his mind, different than the way he feels when he fucks some lonely bartender or trucker or waitress just to make everything okay for ten, maybe fifteen minutes. And when Castiel pulls him down, pulls him with an urgency that allows Dean’s body to do nothing but collapse onto Castiel’s, the feeling of Castiel against him, around him, even in the pouring rain, makes Dean feel lost and found all at once.
Dizzy, Dean lifts his head, up to Castiel’s face, his mouth his only inches away from Castiel’s. Never has Castiel felt so close to violating every single rule of Heaven. He can barely understand what he wants, or why he wants it, but all he knows, is he wants something, and he wants it from Dean. Once, he had held Dean’s soul, in his hands, but right now, even that isn’t enough. He runs his fingers up the back of Dean’s neck, arching Dean’s lips up toward his. Castiel would give anything, everything, just to kiss Dean, just to feel Dean kiss him.
And there’s things I’ve done, people I’ve had, people who’ve had me, that I’ve hidden away from everyone, because that’s not how Chuck wrote me.
“All this Cas is my father crap. Castiel isn’t your father. Your father is Lucifer. An archangel. You weren’t meant to be like this, Jack,” Chuck says. “You weren’t meant to be human.”
“Don’t do this,” Dean says. “Don’t do this to me, if you’re going to make me be the one to stop you, the one who has to stop what you’re trying to do.” His hands untangle from Castiel’s hair and he watches Castiel lets his feet fall back off the mattress, watches as Castiel stands beside the bed, over him.
“Because, I always knew it would end like this, maybe. And maybe I’ve always known that you would be the one to finally break me.” Dean stands, at the foot of his bed. “Because I thought we were in this together—but you’re about to do exactly what I don’t want you to. And this, this is really the only thing we’re in together anymore right—fucking each other senseless?”
Dean presses his hand into Castiel’s shoulder, into the outline of his own handprint that’s seared into Castiel’s skin.
“This is the first time you’ve ever been happy?” Castiel shifts himself forward, twisting the napkin Jack had given him around his finger. “You were never happy, here, with me, and Dean, and Sam?”
Castiel drinks the last of the liquid in the bottle. “I’m on Earth most of the time now, and I can sense longing, from so many humans. A longing, not to be lonely. A longing for physical contact, to fill some void within themselves.” And Castiel would give everything, to silence his own longing, to let himself have what he’s always denied himself.
The sounds of those being carved to nothing at the hands of Hell’s grand torturer leave a trail that Castiel follows down an icy void. This could be the end for Castiel. Maybe it’s his destiny, after millennia, to be strapped to Alastair’s rack, to be crucified in Hell for the wrath of God. And maybe that’s why Castiel was chosen for this mission. Because he’s a burden to his superiors. Because Castiel has always been a good soldier on the brink of deserting Heaven. He’s just never found a good enough reason to fall completely.
“I don’t know how to do this, Sam,” Dean pulls his knees up to his face and closes his eyes. “I don’t know how to be with someone who gave up everything for me. I’m not worth that. How do I do this? How do I do this, without fucking everything up?”
“I saved you.” Castiel sits up, hair disheveled, the collar of the wrinkled t-shirt that Sam let him borrow falling forward.
And Dean wants to make it all better for Castiel, or whatever, the only way he knows how. He lets his body, exposed and defenseless, fall onto Castiel’s. He lets their chests and stomachs, and hips crush together. He kisses Castiel, again and again, his tongue moving deeper and deeper within Castiel’s mouth each time, Castiel’s tongue moving deeper and deeper against Dean’s throat in reciprocation.
Dean takes Castiel by the wrist, pulls Castiel’s hand into his hips, folds Castiel’s fingers around him as he moves his own body along Castiel’s grip. Castiel doesn’t know what he’s doing, if he’s doing this right, if he should be doing this at all, but all he can do is watch Dean, watch Dean’s mouth as he breathes, gasps against the air. He turns his face into Dean’s, finding his lips again, lets Dean moan into his mouth.
There’s only Castiel, and Dean has never needed, wanted, anyone, ever, as much as he needs Castiel, right now.
Last night on Earth. And Castiel deserves this, deserves something he’s never had, deserves Dean. “Right, and then I die.”
So Sam checks the time on his phone again, and wonders if she already knows, if she just won’t show up. He reads through the frantic texts he’d sent her, before she had disappeared, stares at the “I’m back. I’m okay,” message she had sent to him, and the heart-eyed emoji she’d followed it with.
Sam flips through it cover to cover, and then lets more pages fall down into the fire. “This is for everyone we lost. It’s for Jess, for Jo, for Ellen, for Ash, for Bela, for everyone we couldn’t save. For Kevin, for Crowley, for everyone who’s dead, gone, because they knew us. This is for everyone we lost here, Charlie, Bobby, that we met again in another world. This is for Mom.”
“What happened? What happened to Cas?” he sits down across from me, moving the whiskey bottle out of my reach.  “Cas… he disappeared?”
Castiel runs his palm along the worn jeans that Dean had given him, that Dean had told him would make him fit in here, if he could ever fit in anywhere like this. “We’ve hurt each other. We’ve betrayed each other. We’ve been through Hell together and put each other through Hell. And we do it again and again.”
I press my lips against his, sliding my tongue past his teeth. He tastes like cheap alcohol and the stubble on his face brushes into my chin. He tries to push me away, for a second, but I take his wrists and hold them down against his sides. I’ve wanted this for too long to let him stop me.
“Yeah, thanks.” Dean leans backward, turns his face up to blurry stars and broken clouds. He watches her as she walks away, walks toward the road, walks out of Dean’s view.
This used to make him feel indestructible. This used to give him the power to banish demons back to Hell. This used to be something that made him uncontrollable. Now it just makes numb, it makes him nauseous, it makes him beg to be free of this addiction. It reminds him that maybe he’s a liar and a hypocrite. It reminds him that he wants nothing more, than to get out of this life someday.
“Can’t control what?” Dean shakes him forward, like this is just some nightmare that Sam will wake up from, like everything will be okay in the morning.
“Sure, whatever. Does it matter?” Dean drags the chain connected to Castiel closer to him, until their lips are brushing against each other.
Dean nods, but he can’t focus, except on the way Castiel’s grace is everywhere inside him. He runs his fingers over his own face, over the parts of him that had been swollen, battered, sore. He can tell, it’s all gone, any evidence of Alastair, any evidence of the angels, and Castiel, failing him, all gone. Dean drops his head onto Castiel’s shoulder. Castiel’s grace is wandering through him, into his brain, and he can’t tell whether this is like being drunk, or high, or being everything all at once.
He pours another sip of whiskey through his lips, and it stings his throat. He tosses the bottle down next to him. He hasn’t slept in days. His face falls into the palms of his hands, and every time he closes his eyes, all he can see is Chuck’s bright red sky, Sam losing his mind, Cas staring down the barrel of his gun. But it’s over, all over.
He reaches down and holds my head against his thighs, and I cough involuntarily, and roll him around with my tongue. And I know I’m an Angel of the Lord or something, and I shouldn’t be doing this, I shouldn’t be down here on this cold cement floor, I shouldn’t love the feeling of his hips against my cheeks.
Dean can feel it, as soon as he sees Sam. There’s dried blood in the corners of his lips, down his throat, under his fingernails. “Get away from me,” Sam says. “I can’t control it.”
It’s dark and cold, and we’ve been out here for something like nine hours by the time I find the spell, in some book we’d thrown into the truck of the Impala. I won’t tell Dean, but I don’t think there’s any way we can pull this off. This book is full of dark magic, full of spells that only the most powerful witches could even think about doing. Maybe Rowena could have done this, but she’s dead, gone just like everyone else. And now all Dean has is me, and I need to do this, because if I fail, I know I’ll lose him for good this time.
I slide down the wall, and onto the floor. This has been in me all along. And the only reason I ever thought that maybe, someday, I could just be normal is because Chuck tricked me into thinking I was someone else, somebody who isn’t a freak.
Dean parks beneath the awning of a 24-hour drug store. “I have a first-aid kit, in the trunk, but I have to get some other stuff for your wrist, and your hand, so you stop fucking bleeding all over the place.”
Dean finds his gun underneath his pillow, knowing it would be useless against Castiel, knowing he would never pull the trigger even if it wasn’t. “What the hell, Cas?”
Raphael, God, Castiel doesn’t care, about any of it, as he holds the back of Dean’s head against him, as Dean hangs onto the bottom of his shirt, unbuttoning it from the bottom up. And, without all his grace, with his body nearly human, Castiel knows why, understands why, people will do anything for this, this feeling that every single one of his nerves is exposed to Dean. This feeling that Dean is eating him alive. This feeling that he couldn’t be closer to Dean than right now, against the wall of a foreclosed-on shithole, listening to the sound of a neighborhood dog that won’t stop barking, of a car alarm honking somewhere far away, of Dean gagging as he slides himself forward, letting Castiel slip nearly down his throat.
“Depends on how much they were willing to pay,” Dean reaches for the bottle that’s still lying in Castiel’s lap, and tosses it aside when he realizes all the bourbon is gone. “It was mostly when Sam first left Stanford. You know, he needed to eat. Hustling pool and credit card fraud only gets you so far.”
Dean has barely said a word to Castiel, since Castiel had told him, since Castiel had shown him, that he had always intended to abandon Dean. That Castiel had let Dean escape from Purgatory with nothing but the guilt of failing him. That Castiel had released himself from Dean’s grip as Dean tried to drag him through the blaring portal to Earth. That Castiel believed he deserved to languish there forever. Dean pretends that this fury he feels inside him is born of betrayal, but he knows he’s just lying to himself.
Castiel can’t remember the first time he fell, or when his powers started failing, or when he realized how he felt about Dean. But it never mattered, because he always knew how it would end for him—eternal sleep in the Empty, eternal sleep to save Dean Winchester.
“No,” Dean pulls his jacket closed across his chest. No, his last girlfriend’s memories of him were annihilated by the angel he wants to fuck, has sort-of fucked, whatever.
“Before Amara left, she told me that, I’m her family, and she’ll watch over me, forever. But, really, she’s not family. Chuck wasn’t family. And Lucifer was never really my father. You were, you are, and you always have been,” Jack says. “And I love my mother and I’ll miss her forever, but she’s at peace, and you, and Dean, and Sam, you’re my family. And you made that deal to save me, and I didn’t understand why, why someone would do that for someone else…but, I do, now. I get it.”
But I let my lips drift across his collarbone, down past the black ink of the tattoo on his chest, down past scars and yellowing bruises, until I’m on my knees and my face is buried between his legs. I have no idea what I’m doing as I take him into my mouth. He squirms against me, and I slide my hand up between his body and the wall.
Most of them—Candace, Cynthia, one whose name he can’t even remember—they never meant anything to him. Not really. He just likes the power. He likes knowing that they’ll laugh at his jokes, that they’ll tell him how good it feels when he fucks them, that they’ll kiss him good-bye. Because he’s one of the most powerful attorneys at the firm. Because they have to. Because they have mortgages or law school loans to pay, kids to feed. Because they know he can take it all away in a second.
So I drink half a bottle of whiskey, and I’m drunk, but not drunk enough to forget that Cas was in love with me, not drunk enough to forget the sound of the Empty as it stole him away. I fall back onto the table, spreading out across the map of the world painted on it, staring up at the ceiling, dropping the bottle to the floor. I should have said something. But I couldn’t, because I’ve spent years telling myself that what I felt, was something I shouldn’t feel, was something he couldn’t feel. Because I’ve been in denial, maybe.
Dean doesn’t close his eyes, doesn’t look away, because he’s afraid that someday, Castiel will decide he doesn’t want this, doesn’t want him, anymore. And he’s afraid that someday, Heaven, or something worse, will steal Castiel away from him. And he’s afraid that he loves Castiel, and that, maybe, Castiel loves him back, and that it will be the end of both of them.
“It doesn’t change anything. It doesn’t change how I feel.” Castiel steps backward, but everything about her, forces him to stay, keeps him from running. She moves her fingers down his cheek and he wants to beg her to stop, but something, something he knows might not be human, won’t let him.
“Maybe it should.” Her mouth opens across Castiel’s lips, and her tongue skims across his. And he kisses her back, because it feels just good enough to want, because it feels just bad enough to regret.
Dean raises his head up to Castiel. Even over the sound of laughter, conversations, at the next table, and over the sound of some soft-rock song that’s unrecognizable above the noise, all he can hear is the ringing of conversations, arguments, with his father that are still hiding somewhere in his brain. Conversations and arguments that he’s tried to erase, that no one has ever really asked him about.
“And what if it does? What if you’re nothing to him?” She stands up, her boots heavy against the floor, the gold chain around her neck reflecting tiny glimmers of light, and she takes Castiel by the arm, pulls him up until he’s standing against her.
They walk through three different doors, all emblazoned with a blue-and-white wave logo, all locked with a code that Crowley enters without doubt.
Inside Dean, Castiel’s grace blurs out the noise coming from the streets below, blurs out the visions, blurs out Dean’s thoughts. And he waits, for sleep, or something like that, to take him away from the tremors of fear, the vague memories of Hell and Purgatory. He waits for all of his senses to fade away, for everything to fade away, except the feeling of Castiel’s chest against his own. Even completely wasted on Castiel’s grace, the way Castiel touches him, it still makes him ache, everywhere.
Ruby stands over me, she twists her fingers in my hair and tilts my face up towards hers. “Dead. Because of Dean Winchester. You and me both I guess, right?” She runs her hand down my cheek, and across my mouth. “Only you said you would get me out of here, and now you’re here, and you aren’t even you. I don’t even think you belong here. I don’t even think you’re an angel.”
“I don’t want to do this.” Dean pushes himself onto his elbows. “I don’t want to find monsters and I don’t want to find Lucifer. And I’ll never tell Sam that because, if he knew how tired I am of it all, he’d make me stop, and he’d take on everything himself. Someday, you and me, and Sam, we’re going to get out. Forever.”
Dean nods. “Yeah, I remember that. I told you that because Mom used to tell me that. And I never believed her.”
And Dean tries to accept that this, this is his destiny, his end. That he was born to be a brother, and a mother, and a father, to Sam. That he was born as a means to an end for everyone he’d ever known, anyone he’d ever loved. Except for Cas. He tries to accept that he was nothing but a burned-out vessel for Michael, a constant pawn in what feels like a thousand failed apocalypses. And part of him wishes that Chuck would just destroy everything already, stop dragging this out. And part of him knows that he can’t give up, can’t let this happen.
“Don’t leave me here, like this, tonight. Don’t leave me like you always do,” Dean turns away from Castiel, letting his back press into Castiel’s chest.
Maybe he should buy an urn, maybe he should buy something, something for Castiel. Something other than this goddamn bag, with its goddamn white write-on label in the corner, with its goddamn brand name printed in block lettering along the top.
“It’s not, you know it’s not. Nothing is bigger than us. You know, that together, you, me, and Sam, we can figure this out.” Dean brings Castiel closer to him, against him. “And if we can’t, if Lucifer’s kid is really going to end it all—we’ll go out fighting, we’ll go out together.”
“It’s okay, it doesn’t matter.” Dean shuts his eyes against Castiel. “Most of my nightmares happen when I’m awake.”
She tells me, she wants back in Hell. She heard there’s a demon uprising and the Queen of Hell is losing all control. She wants to warn Rowena, stop the insurgency, she wants to become Rowena’s second in command. “What are you going to do, if we get out of here?” she asks.
“I don’t want to, I can’t,” Castiel steps toward her. She has a pile of papers on her desk, a pile of papers that are all blank.
“Is it really stealing when you’re taking it from a dead vampire?” Dean tugs on the chain, forcing Castiel to stand from the bed, forcing Castiel’s body almost into his own. He pushes Castiel’s shirt down his arms, letting it fall onto the dirt-stained ground, and then he pulls Castiel forward, against him, tangling the silver leash around his hand. Dean works his way up the links of the chain, finger by finger, until he slips his fingertips under the leather that’s strapped around Castiel’s throat. “Tonight, Sam and I, we saved a whole bunch of people. We slaughtered every single one of those vamps. But all I could think about, all night, was you. This.”
And he knows Sam is furious with him because he gave up Jack’s grace, gave up their chances of beating Chuck and getting Eileen back, to save Cas. But, really, Dean doesn’t care, because for once, he let himself have what he wanted, what he needed, without surrendering it for the greater good.
Not a single one says, maybe it was an act of God, maybe this was all God’s fault. Because people want to believe in God when they walk away from a 20-car pile-up on the highway, or when the surgery is a success. But they don’t want to believe God would rip them away from the Earth, their families, their lives. And no one wants to believe the world is safe because God is dead.
His fingers move underneath the sheer fabric that separates her body from his, and along the curves of her stomach. He’s been inside women before, when he’s taken them as his vessels, but he’s never done this, and shouldn’t, can’t do this. And he doesn’t want to. At least, not with her.
He understands now, that he loves Dean, that he’s in love with Dean, or something like that. That he broke all of Heaven’s orders, broke everything, broke himself, because of Dean. And now he’s graceless, lost, and Dean is about to desert him again, maybe forever. He turns off the shower, turns to Dean, pushes his hips into Dean’s.
Castiel steps on the gas, letting his fingers tighten along the tearing leather of the steering wheel.
“Give me Cas back. Give Jack back. I’ll get you God. I’ll bring you God.” I know, it knows, everything I’m saying is a lie. Without Cas, I don’t care about finding Chuck, or saving the world, or anything else.
His final words echo over and over in my head. His deal, to sacrifice himself to the Empty, to let it steal him away forever, for Jack, for me. The one thing he wanted was something he thought he could never have.
“New York. Did you send them there because you were sick of hearing them fuck?” Crowley moves his face back into the space between drivers’ and passengers’ seats.
“What I want doesn’t matter to anyone,” Castiel says, maybe to Dean, maybe to Heaven, maybe to God, as Dean cuts into him, as Dean’s mouth runs along his neck, as Dean swallows the light from his grace. Castiel has felt Dean’s body like this a dozen times, or more, now, but every time, every single time, the way Dean’s fingertips crawl up Castiel’s back, and into his hair, makes Castiel almost succumb. Makes him want Dean to be his, in every way, any way, he could have him.
There are guns and knives and ammunition everywhere. A broken wooden stake lays on top of a pile of shovels. Chains and ropes are tangled in the center of a spare tire. Dean throws a cracked EMF meter on the cement floor of the garage. He scrapes away at the devil’s trap painted on the inside of the Impala’s trunk, wiping the white powder flaked on his fingers across his jeans.
Dean tells me to try something else. This isn’t working. None of this is working. He presses his head down into the ground, says that we should just give Chuck what he wants. Right here, we should end each other.
“That isn’t what I meant,” Dean slides himself up, covering Castiel in his shadow. His hand brushes against Castiel’s on the floor and all the whiskey, and all the angel grace, filling Dean’s insides convince him that what he’s about to do, what he wants to do, what he thinks Castiel needs, isn’t sacrilege. He climbs onto Castiel, straightening Castiel’s knees against the floor, spreading his legs over Castiel’s hips. He tangles his fingers around the collar of Castiel’s shirt, and drags him up against the wall, drags Castiel up between his legs. Pulling Castiel closer to him, into his chest, his hands still wrapped in the wrinkled folds of Castiel’s clothes, his breath can’t escape, anywhere, except into Castiel’s mouth.
“Yeah, and killing everyone around him.” Sam opens the minivan’s console. It’s filled with Disney Princess Band-Aids, hand sanitizer, tissues, baby wipes. This was all he could find, at some house a twenty-minute walk from the Bunker. This was all he could find, that looked like it would withstand a sixteen-hour drive to kill the Devil.
Castiel opens his eyes, leans toward Dean. “Sorry, I think I was having a nightmare. I have those now.”
“I did—I do—deserve to be there,” Castiel’s eyes fall from Dean’s. “For letting the Leviathans loose, for all the things I did while working with Crowley, for causing the deaths of hundreds, maybe thousands, of angels, for—”
“—you.” Dean’s words are drown-out by Heaven’s whispers. Confused, disoriented, Castiel stops moving his hands, his body, along Dean, stops everything.
Because now, Castiel can feel his own sweat dripping down his face and his neck, and now all he wants is to take Dean apart right here, right on these blue-paisley-covered sheets.
Castiel reaches down, to the back of Dean’s head, and pushes him against his body. Dean swallows him whole, until Castiel can feel himself in the back of Dean’s throat, can feel Dean’s tongue all around him. He presses Dean closer to him, and Dean’s hands run up the back of his legs. He pulls at the back of Dean’s still-damp shirt, knotting the cotton around his fingertips.
Sam prays to the Devil the way some people pray to God. He prays for Lucifer to come back to him, for Lucifer to speak to him the way that he used to. He prays for forgiveness and release. Release from this curse, this thing that’s been inside him since that night, when his mother burned alive above him.
Dean lifts his fingers to Castiel’s mouth, and jaw, letting them eventually fall around Castiel’s throat. And he wants to tell Castiel that, this isn’t about the grace, that this isn’t about whatever war Castiel is fighting with him. He wants to tell Castiel that the time when they’re alone, like this, is the only time that Dean feels human too.
It smiles again. “I think we have a deal…if I could get to Earth, without being summoned. How’s that going to work? No one’s left.”
“What did you want to do?” Castiel reaches across the table, lets his fingers wrap along Dean’s. And this is the first time, ever, that he’s touched Dean like this, so blatantly and publicly, and he waits for Dean to, maybe, pull himself away, to tell him not like this, not here.
Castiel covers Dean’s mouth with his own as he shoves himself forward, pushing Dean’s knees up to position himself within him. Dean’s body collapses against Castiel’s and Dean moans, in pain, then in shock at the feeling of having Castiel, inside him, part of him.
And Castiel lets himself pretend, lets himself believe, that any of this means something to Dean. That he didn’t hear Dean fail at giving Jo the same last night on Earth speech that Castiel had given into once. Castiel lets himself pretend, that he isn’t just letting Dean use him.
“What are you going to do, Cas?” Dean closes his eyes against the feeling of Castiel’s touch. “Whatever it is, don’t do it. I don’t want you to. Don’t do this to me, to us.”
The scabs and the black-ink of warding on Castiel’s abdomen are unfamiliar and terrifying to Dean, and they remind him that he has already lost Castiel once like this—that he would have lost Castiel forever to the hands of a reaper if Dean hadn’t let Ezekiel take control of Sam, if he Ezekiel hadn’t been there to resurrect, heal, Castiel. They remind Dean that he almost lost Castiel again, tonight, that Castiel’s despair is so loud it’s screaming out to Heaven.
A million things run through my head. Summoning Lucifer, letting Lucifer take me as his vessel all over again, just so that Dean can kill me, release me into the Empty. Calling Michael, letting him take Dean for all the same reasons, but I won’t risk that again.
The television drones on from across the room. CNN, MSNBC, Fox News, KTVT Dallas-Fort Worth, Ethan Burke’s death—his brutal, ritualistic murder—is being reported on every single channel. Born in New Orleans in 1962 to a carpenter and an elementary school teacher, he had worked his way from bank teller to CEO. He had made millions, bank merger after bank merger, he had made millions, laying off his employees. Millions from bad loans and government bailouts.
“Dean—” Castiel can’t find the words, because he knows, now, here, what he needs to do. He knows, because he’s been here, been in Dean’s bed, he knows the outline, the feeling, of everything that exists in it, on it. And he knows, that Dean will do everything he can, not to let him do this.
“Not tonight, I think I’m too weak,” Castiel wraps his fingers around Dean’s wrist, pulling Dean’s hand away. “I think that if I give in to you right now, I might be worthless to you forever.”
Above him, the world has turned some kind of dark purple, Chuck’s red sky mixing with the dawn. The smoke is getting thinner, and through the haze, he squints, and calls out their names, the names of the only family he’s ever had, but there’s nothing except a high-pitched drone, playing in loop.
He remembers the time, somewhere in Nebraska, or maybe it was Montana, in 1990 or 1991, when his father had been gone for days on some hunt, and he’d been locked in some dirty, cheap motel for days with Dean. They had run out of boxed macaroni and cheese and marshmallow-filled cereal and were going out of their minds watching the same loop of cartoons over and over on the same network. Dean had taken Sam to some rundown and deserted park at some time close to midnight, just to get some air, pushed him on the swings, spun him around on one of these until he threw up. Then Dean took him back to the motel and cleaned him up, let Sam eat the rest of whatever food they had left, just so he had something in his stomach. Let himself starve, like he always did.
“I ruined myself,” Castiel turns his eyes down, and starts to roll onto his back, but Dean stops him, presses his forehead into Castiel’s.
“Not by yourself. One of us has to go with you.” If we let him go alone, there’s no way he won’t be dead forever, there’s no way he can fight the Empty and save Cas, there’s no way the Empty will let him go again.
And maybe Dean is right, maybe he was right to save Ruby, right to let me lose myself again even if it was just so he could bring Cas back. At my worst, I could exorcise demons, save their victims. At my best, I killed Alastair, Grand Torturer of Hell. Maybe with enough, now, I could take on Chuck.
Greg Buckey, 54 years-old. Vice President at some midtown investment firm. Married for 22 years, four kids. Found on his bathroom floor by his teenage son, after the rest of the family came home from some after-school football game.
“Sure. Whatever.” Dean tries to focus on something else, something other than Castiel’s fingertips against his skin. And he breaks free from Castiel’s grip, even though he wants nothing more than to give in, even though he knows this will all end in chaos.
The first stars are fighting to shine against the setting sun, and Castiel looks over at Dean, “This feels like a funeral.”
Further from the fire, Castiel can feel it within him, that this mission, isn’t going to be his absolution from all the times he’s nearly fallen, from all the times he couldn’t follow orders. Holding Dean’s soul in his hands, it’s like nothing Castiel has ever felt before. And Castiel can feel himself falling forever.
Cas’ hand moves along the ground, and he grips my wrist. “Dean,” he turns his face towards me. His voice is strained, barely audible.
Dean listens to the sound of Castiel lying back, lying next to him, the springs on the mattress whining as they compress underneath him. He listens to the sound of Castiel breathing, inhaling sharply as his wounds brush against the side of the bed, and he listens to the sound of his own lips against Castiel’s chin, to Castiel saying, “I don’t want to talk,” before he shoves his tongue into Castiel’s mouth.
The empty angel vessel drifts face-up between the narrow shores of an Idaho canal. Its head scraping along the grass-covered banks, its legs twisted in the murky water. Its eyes open and staring at the vast and forsaken Heaven to which it surrendered control.
Dean pulls Castiel up by his arm and shoves him down onto the worn plaid-print chair, knocking over the empty beer bottle that’s sitting on the table next to it. Castiel slides his fingers underneath Dean’s shirt, underneath the waist of Dean’s jeans. Dean wraps his fingers around Castiel’s wrists, moves Castiel’s hands off his body.
But, now, Castiel watches Dean, all of Dean, and the only thing he can think about is how he needs something, someone, right now. He could go back to Heaven, get whatever he wants, from whoever he wants, because when God brings you back from oblivion, any angel in existence will suck your cock.
The angels, they’re all talking, shouting, about Castiel. Castiel, saved again. Castiel, saved from Purgatory at the expense of an incursion of angels. Castiel, saved, despite giving everything, giving himself, to Dean Winchester. Their voices blare through Castiel’s head.
Dean Winchester has already broken. And he slices, whittles away at the souls at his mercy. They beg him to stop, they beg him to forgive them, they beg to get off the rack. Every single one of them still wearing their human face, every single one of them screaming in their human voice. Castiel can tell some of these souls are nothing but evil, that they inflicted unimaginable pain during their time on Earth. But others were motivated by feelings and desires that Castiel doesn’t yet understand. He only knows these souls, the ones filled with regret, don’t belong here, don’t belong in Hell.
Sam is asleep, motel-room sheets pulled up to his chin, laptop precariously balanced by his foot at the edge of the bed. The laugh track from some long-cancelled sitcom is just a murmur from the television that casts a bluish glow on Castiel.
“You always ask me to stay. And I always stay.” Castiel brings himself up to his knees, puts his elbows on the mattress, and Dean drags him up onto the bed beside him.
And, finally, Dean asks what he doesn’t want to know, what he’s wanted to ask all night, what he probably already knows the answer to. “Cas—before we—you said Ephraim was an angel of mercy or something like that, that he could sense pain?”
The faded black t-shirt and jeans ripped along the left knee that Castiel is wearing, are borrowed from Dean. “Take them off,” Dean says, pulling at Castiel’s clothes, his lips touching Castiel’s as he speaks.
The body sprawled on the floor in the living room, its neck twisted and its head backwards, its eyes wide open, watches Castiel as he flips through the wallet that was stuffed into its pants. There’s a driver’s license, a hospital badge identifying Dr. Matthew J. Taylor, Pediatric Oncologist. Sixty dollars that Castiel slips into his own pocket.
“No, nothing on Lucifer. Not yet anyway.” Sam says, turning the laptop to Dean. “But I think I found a case.”
Slowly, he picks himself up from the ground, and in the dim light that streams down from the moon, the shadows of broken angel wings reflect on the trees and in the grass.
And there were things, Dean should have said, things he wanted to say, that he knew Castiel wouldn’t understand, that he knew Castiel couldn’t reciprocate. And now, alone, grasping the edges of the bag that holds his—best friend, fuck buddy, lover, whatever, Dean regrets saying nothing, saying the wrong things, regrets lying.
“You should go, I should have never asked you to come here.” Dean slides up against the headboard, reaching for the nearly empty bottle of whiskey on the nightstand.
Castiel lets the towel fall off him. Inside, he still feels broken, worthless, empty, and he needs Dean right now, more than anything, and he’s never felt so close to losing his mind forever.
“Yes, maybe even because I know you’re about to do something terrible,” Dean says as Castiel spreads his legs, tilts his body backwards, as Castiel finds his way inside him. And they’ve done this, night after night, motel room after motel room, but this isn’t the same, this is different. This is cold and distant and Castiel is on top of him, but Castiel is a million miles away, in a world he saved from the spawn of Lucifer.Castiel bends forward over Dean, tells him that, maybe, someday, everything will be okay, that maybe this can be what they do forever, if he just lets him do this now, if he just lets him stop the Devil’s Child.
He smites them all. And he makes his way through his mass casualty of the condemned. Makes his way deeper and deeper into the pits of Hell.
“No, but eventually I will be,” Dean walks to passenger side of the Impala, to Castiel. He throws the keys into Castiel’s lap. “I think it’s your turn to drive.”
All the times, he tried to prove himself to me, all the times he tried to fix everything he’d fucked up. All the times I’d thrown him out and all the times I treated him like shit, all the times he’d come right back.
And I know he’s had too much to drink, I know it’s been years since he’s been close to anyone. But he turns his face up towards mine, his mouth half open, and in his eyes, I convince myself that he’s begging for me. “I still need to tell you something,” he says.
“I just want to be free, from this, from everything.” Dean puts his head back down, half on the pillow, half on Castiel’s shoulder. “Whatever. I don’t know why I’m telling you this right now.”
“Not yet, I will, I promise,” he says, pushing his body against hers. “After Christmas. You know, I don’t want to ruin Christmas for the kids.”
“Maybe what?” Dean rests his fingers on the table in front of Castiel, rests his fingers almost against Castiel’s arm.
The voice on the other side of the wall begs for more. Castiel closes his eyes, leaning into the headboard that rattles against his shoulder blades, listening to the sound of human desire, of bodies devouring one another, of skin consuming skin. And he lets all of it drown out the dull background noise of Heaven that plays relentlessly in his brain.
Sometimes, he tries to convince himself that he really is cured, that the longing he feels, is for something else. Awkward, mindless sex with women he meets in bars and all-night coffee houses. Women who are running away from everything and everyone. Whatever he can drink too much of, whatever will make him pass out for long enough to make him forget what he really wants. The blood of a dozen other monsters. Vampires, werewolves, shifters. Anything, that might give him the high he remembers, when his mouth and body were wrapped around Ruby. And there’s nothing that’s the same, nothing else that makes him feel as perfect, as complete, as demon blood.
He refuses to let me be the one, to take Jack’s grace, to go to the Empty. He says it has to be him.
Chuck puts his hand on Dean’s shoulder, over the stain of Castiel’s handprint on Dean’s jacket. “Come on, Dean.”
I scatter the papers all over the room. Maybe this is his research; he must have been trying to find a way out of his deal, he couldn’t have accepted this as his fate. Maybe there’s something here I can use to summon the Empty, to bring him back. But there’s nothing but newspaper clippings. Cases. Two bodies found on Long Island missing their hearts. A bunch of cattle mutilations outside of Philadelphia. Seven missing teenagers in Phoenix.
Castiel groans into the air, watching Dean, watching the way Dean moves against him, watching every inch of Dean’s body. And Dean lets himself go, all over his own stomach, and runs his hands over the wet skin and hair between his legs. Castiel takes Dean’s wrist, brings Dean’s fingers up to his mouth. The way Dean tastes, salty and warm, all over the inside of his lips, is enough to finally drive Castiel over the edge.
He should have listened to Dean, should have taken a gun, or knife, something. But Jack knew that, if it came to this, if it came down to him fighting for himself, that it meant everyone was dead and he didn’t stand a chance, and that he was almost dead too.
“I erased part of two people’s lives tonight. I erased you from Lisa’s memory and Ben’s memory, destroyed something that was a part of both of them. Destroyed something they loved. And I did it all for you,” Castiel pulls at the collar of Dean’s t-shirt. “If you can’t trust me after all this, I can’t give you what you need.”
Dean drops the plastic bag in Castiel’s lap, his hand brushing against Castiel’s leg, accidentally, intentionally, Dean doesn’t even know, doesn’t care. He backs the Impala away from the lights of the drug store, and he drives, past neon church signs and oversized American flags waving from utility poles. He drives to the motel he had checked into this morning, where the woman at the front desk had smiled and said “God bless” as she handed him the key to the one-bed room where Dean is dragging a fallen, ruined angel to anything but redemption.
Castiel lets Dean run the end of his blade down his throat, lets his grace heal him instantly and completely. “I’m not a demon. I’m not with Alastair.”
“I remember you had them a lot. I could make them stop, when I was an angel.” Castiel rests his head against Dean’s body. “Now I can’t do anything.”
Castiel drives through nearly-abandoned roads lined with decaying houses and suburbs with sprawling lawns and paving-stone covered walkways. He drives under a sky that’s pitch black and filled with stars until the smog and light of population blots out the night. Around Philadelphia, when the first rays of the sun have started to reflect pink and purple haze over the horizon, Dean sits up, wipes his mouth with the back of his hand. “Sorry. I can drive now.”
“What the fuck, Cas?” Dean pulls away from the curb, makes his way down the street, the guilt from forcing Castiel to leave, from telling him he couldn’t stay, circulating throughout him as he wraps his fingers around the steering wheel.
The pounding against the wall is replaced by the sound of the toilet flushing, of water running, of the duffel bag unzipping, of Dean’s movements against the tiled floor. Castiel prays silently, prays to himself, that Dean wants this tonight, the way that Castiel wants this. That Dean wants to fuck the way they’ve fucked in bar bathrooms, in cemetery fields while the bones of some vengeful spirit burned to dust.
“This should be you, doing this for me, you stupid bastard,” Dean says, his breath struggling against his own anguish. “Fuck you for leaving me, Cas. I need you. And you’re just gone. And I can’t bring you back. Fuck you, I’m sorry, I can’t do this.”
Sam follows the brick walkway out of the backyard, to a neighborhood filled with houses adorned with icicle holiday lights, illuminated plastic Santa Clauses and snowmen. He walks down the street, and he considers texting Dean, considers asking him if everything is okay. If he’s figured out the case and killed the bad guy. But he knows Dean will figure out the case and kill the bad guy, because he’s Dean. And it’s late, and Dean is with Castiel, and Sam doesn’t know what that means, really, but he knows enough.
“Take it, all of it.” I tell the Empty. “Take whatever is in me, whatever is left in Jack. Whatever Sam took from me. Just give me Cas, and give me Jack, and give me Ruby.”
And Castiel pulls away, sits, at the edge of the mattress, at the edge of Dean’s body, at the edge of what Castiel knows is a crucifixion. At the edge of what Castiel knows is his betrayal of Dean Winchester.
Every single thing he had done, had only made things worse, and every single thing he had done, was all because Chuck was controlling him. He had believed that he, on his own, could save everyone. But it was Dean, and Cas, and Jack, and Ruby, and Amara, who had finally ended it all, and Sam hadn’t been anything other than God’s pawn in another Armageddon.
Maybe, it could have been Castiel, legs all tangled with Dean’s, if he hadn’t run back to Heaven after opening the Pit. If he wasn’t on the verge of leading some holy civil war. If he had let Dean stay addicted to his grace, to him.
Between the cotton and flesh, her hand moves through the hair on his chest, and she presses her lips against his, “I know. I know, Jim.”
Jack sits down across from him, and says, “Do you feel like something is missing from inside you? Like there’s a part of you, that’s supposed to be there, and it’s just gone? But you don’t miss it?”
And Dean knows that maybe he shouldn’t believe anything that Castiel tells him, that maybe this is all part of God’s plan. That maybe this is just Castiel’s way of indoctrinating him, forcing him onto the side of the angels.
“Then maybe I have no choice,” Castiel tries to deny, to himself, that he wants this, wants to give Dean his grace, all of it, night after night. He tries to deny that he loves the way it feels, to have Dean underneath him, how it feels to have Dean crave him.
“Okay, sure, whatever. I’ll take Cas.” Dean says, leaning forward across the table. “But if you get a lead on Lucifer, don’t try to handle it on your own, okay?”
“Castiel, what are you doing? Why would you let him—why would you let Dean Winchester—desecrate you like this? Stop this.” Her voice is deafening in the sanctified air surrounding them.
And Sam knows that Lucifer, who tormented and tortured him, is out there, maybe doing the same to someone else. So he distracts himself. He pours another cup of coffee. He reads the news over and over. He scrolls through the same websites looking for something, even though he doesn’t really know what he’s looking for. But there’s nothing but human-made horror. Shootings. Assaults. Robberies. Things people do to each other.
“I know, I know you could,” Sam closes his eyes. He should have tried harder, to fight against Chuck, to fight the urges. He should have tried harder not to mess this all up. “I love you, Eileen, but I understand if this is it, and you never want to see me again.”
Castiel can’t look at him, but he can’t look away, and he knows that, he’s supposed to refuse this. Because this, especially with a human, especially with the vessel of an archangel, is everything that is sin. Sin that Heaven will punish with death, but he’s almost dead anyway, so he takes Dean’s hands, guides them over the edge of his pants, guides them down his stomach and thighs.
The pills that Sam had given him to help the throbbing in his head aren’t helping. He still feels weak, hurt, human. He remembers the last time he’d been human, when he’d been preyed upon, homeless, tortured. When he’d been hungry and lost and used. This was different, and this was all his fault.
“Because, whatever happens here tonight, whatever we do, it doesn’t change anything, right?” Castiel stands, pushing Dean back down onto the mattress. “And I can’t, won’t, do that with you and pretend it just means nothing, even if it means nothing to you.”
“What if I fuck up? What if I go too far?” Dean sits up, his body sliding along Castiel’s. His breath still short, the palms of his hands still beaded with sweat.
“Yeah, me neither.” Dean lets himself give in to the feeling of Castiel’s grace, pulling him into darkness, and he lets all of the nights of sleep deprivation, that have built up inside him, succumb into a sleep that’s empty, safe, calm. A sleep that isn’t stalked by everything he’s running from.
“Maybe,” Sam can hear the hesitancy in her voice, and he wonders how long it will be before she regrets everything she’s saying.
And when I finish, he collapses back onto the table, rolls onto his back, pulls my tie out of his mouth and throws it down onto the ground. He turns his face away from mine. And I fill with panic, because maybe he’s regretting this already, because maybe he never wanted me at all. “Dean…”
“Because I was scared. Of what they would do to you, what they would do to me.” Castiel tilts his face toward the ceiling. “Once, they made me—made me watch another angel die. They made me read him the charges. They made me sentence him to death, because he’d broken our most sacred oath, because he’d lain with a human. I was afraid the same thing would happen to me. I was afraid they would do the same to you. And I was afraid of hurting you myself.”
Dean does it on all purpose. He lets his hips almost brush into Castiel’s in the doorway. He lets his lips almost touch Castiel’s, as he tries to ignore the feeling of Castiel’s breath against his neck. As he tries to swallow the anger, the confusion, everything, that he feels in every inch of his body.
She knows this won’t kill Chuck, but maybe, it will hurt him enough, slow him down. But she doesn’t know why she’s saving Dean Winchester, and she doesn’t why she wants to save him.
“Remember once, when we were little, Dad left us in some disgusting motel room while he went on a hunt. I was sick, and you made me canned Chicken and Stars soup and I laid there, trying to sleep, and I couldn’t because the people in the room next to us were fucking so loud, against the wall, and you told me they were fighting,” Sam shakes his head, laughs. “And you told me stories, to distract me. You told me angels were watching over us and that everything was going to be okay, someday.”
“You made Dean into an angel, you sent him to the Empty, and you brought him back. And you think, what, that was just luck? You think anyone could have done that?” She puts her feet up on the table, tapping the heel of her boot against the wood. “You’ve changed, Sam.”
“There’s something I didn’t tell you,” Jack pushes a napkin across the table. “Last night, before everything, Chuck came to see me. He tried to get me to make a deal, if I killed you, he would give me my grace, and my mother.”
Dean pushes himself up on the bed, pushes himself up against Castiel’s body. “Cas, I still want you to fucking destroy me.”
But, tonight, Dean escapes justice again. Escapes back to where he had dropped Castiel off only hours ago, to where he’d just spent 45 minutes cleaning bloodstains off walls and carpets, to where he’d just rocked a baby to sleep before slipping out into the night to dump a nameless corpse in a nameless place. And, standing under the black sky, Dean calls Sam, so that he can pretend he isn’t watching the way Castiel is still talking to Nora or whoever she is, so that he can pretend he isn’t worried that Castiel might end up in her bed.
“Don’t fuck reapers or baby-sit your boss’ kid, I guess.” Dean slips backward, letting his body rest on his knees, letting his hand rest on Castiel’s leg. And maybe he should tell Castiel that it had taken everything in him not to stop Castiel from ever knocking on Nora’s door tonight. That it had ripped Dean apart to let him go, to give him meaningless advice about holding the door for her, about asking her questions. Because Dean was afraid to bring Castiel here, because all Dean wanted was to bring Castiel here.
“I’m sorry, Jack, that we used you,” Castiel says. “And I’m sorry, that I let your powers…get out of control.”
He laughs. “Why would I do that? Why would I bring everyone back? So I can listen to their prayers? All the prayers I’ll never answer? I’m done listening. Do they really think I care enough, to cure their cancers? Fix their marriages? Heal their children? I don’t care about a single one of them.” He extends his hand out to me. “But you. You aren’t one of them. Let me show you what I can give you.”
“Okay,” Jack looks down at the table, trying to think of the right words, not knowing how to say what he wants to say, not knowing how Castiel will react. “Can I call you Dad? I mean, because…we’re both human now, and you raised me, took care of me, and, I don’t know, you’re my Dad, right? You always have been,” Jack’s voice shakes as he speaks.  “So, I would like to just call you Dad, but I get it if you don’t want me to.”
But Dean doesn’t say a word, he just sits down next to Castiel’s bed, his back pressed against the side of the bedframe. He takes a sip of beer and lays his head backward, onto the mattress, his hair rubbing against Castiel’s arm. The feeling of Dean, touching him, is different now. Castiel can’t feel, or see, Dean’s soul in the way he could he was an angel, but he can still tell Dean is terrified.
“That was inconsequential, I didn’t want that, not with her, anyway” Castiel watches as the red and blue lights of a police car move across the ceiling as it passes by, siren blaring. His eyes turn to Dean’s and then away, and he says, “I let you do this to me, not only because I know you want it, but because I like it. Enough to risk the things I’d face if Heaven ever found out. And I probably won’t survive tomorrow, and I just need to feel something, before I’m gone, forever.”
Castiel knows that, maybe this is it, when Dean finally breaks him forever. He tries to come up with something, that doesn’t sound stupid, or ridiculous, but he isn’t good at this, and he decides it doesn’t matter anymore, that nothing matters, because Chuck is going to slaughter all of them. He leans forward, over Dean, and presses his lips against Dean’s. He waits for Dean to push him away, but instead Dean’s tongue is in his mouth, and his face is buried in Dean’s neck, and Dean’s fingers are tangled in his hair.
Dean backs away from him, rocking himself backward and then standing up against the peeling wallpaper. “Screw you. How do we stop this?”
Somewhere near Indianapolis, Dean pulls over on the side of the road. The darkness is split open by the passing headlights of two or three cars as Dean steps out onto the blacktop. He opens the door to Castiel. “You drive.”
She drops her jacket to the floor and lies down on my bed. Eileen wouldn’t want this, I shouldn’t be doing this, but it’s the only way to get her back.
Dean presses his face down into the bed, blood from the wound on his nose dotting across the faded and stained cotton. “Cas, please. Please. I can’t do this.”
Castiel slams the Dean’s bedroom door shut behind them. “Why do you want this, why do you want me, now?”
“It’s not you—it’s complicated, Cas.” Dean’s hand wraps around Castiel’s throat, and he pushes Castiel’s head backward, against his mouth.
Because if Dean knows, about Ben, Castiel will lose Dean forever. And he’s never really even had Dean, not in the way he wants to.
Sam watches the world rotate, the sky that turns in circles. And he closes his eyes, letting himself surrender to the warmth of the blood inside him, and the sound of Lucifer’s voice, the sound of Lucifer’s voice that mixes with the far-away and distant voice of a twelve year-old Dean, laughing, telling him everything will be okay. A voice that reminds him that, neither of them deserved this life.
“Do you?” She twists the tissue in her fingers, her voice unsteady as she glances down the hallway, to make sure the kids’ doors are closed, to make sure the kids are still locked away in their own grief or relief or whatever. “Because I knew he was doing these things, for so long. And I just stayed quiet, stayed here, let him make a fool of me. And then, about a month ago I got sick of it. And I found this club—well, more like a secret meeting place—for people like me. I found out about it online.” She runs her fingers down her face and her hands are trembling, shaking, as she speaks. “For people to go and find someone that they could just let themselves go with. For revenge, comfort, or something. And I did to Jim, what he’s been doing to me for years, but now he’s dead and all I can feel is guilt. I loved him, despite everything.”
And, now, finally lying here next to Dean Winchester, his just-fucked body up against mine, I close my eyes and wait for the Empty.
So he stands, in front of the motel vending machine, in front of bags of chips stuck against the glass, stuck on their way to a failed $1.25 escape. He counts the number of candy bars lined up along the bottom coils.
And he drives until he doesn’t know where he is, until he’s in the middle of oblivion. Until all he can see is the black haze of the somewhere-in-Kansas night.
And the things Castiel used to think about sometimes, the things that angels were never supposed to think about, are now things he can’t stop thinking about, that he wants, that he needs more than anything.
“What does that mean? Just bring everyone back,” Dean tries to stand, tries to let an unconscious Sam slide onto the ground, but Amara bends down next to him, wrapping her fingers around his arm.
Castiel slides his hand up into Dean’s hair, and he moves Dean’s face closer to his own. All Castiel wants is to ask, to plead, Dean to commit every sin Castiel can imagine, in the twisted and tattered sheets beneath them, to have the body he raised from Hell against him, for Dean to be part of him.
The way I feel inside right now, it isn’t like I’ve felt before. Not with the ones he knows about; April, Meg, Hannah. Not with the ones I’ve never mentioned; Anna, Anael. Not with the ones I can never, ever tell him about; Ruby, some crossroads demon whose name I can’t even remember. Every single inch of me wants him, wants to do things to him that I’ve never even imagined doing to anyone.
The last time, when Dean had dreamed of Emma, when he had dreamed of what would have happened, if he had stopped Sam from ending her life, Castiel had offered to make Dean forget it all. Forget all about Emma, forever. Forget all about what happened that night. But Dean denied himself Castiel’s offer, because he didn’t know who he would be, if he couldn’t remember the trauma of losing everyone, everything, over and over.
He wants to hate himself, for lying here, legs spread in the air, jerking himself off while Castiel pushes further up inside him, but, instead, Dean can never remember, ever, anything that felt better than this.
Castiel has been everywhere, all over this universe. He has bore witness to bloody Crusades, the fall of empires, wars, plagues. But never has he felt air so thick with dread, his breath floating through the terror in clouds of condensation.
The Empty still looks like Meg. And it just laughs, with Meg’s face and Meg’s smile. She laughs and laughs and laughs until it drowns out all the terror, the never-ending screaming. Forever in Hell, would probably be better than this.
But the medical examiner will never be able to explain the scorched organs, the charred arteries and veins, the hollow eye sockets. The autopsy report will list cause of death as “Undetermined.”
“Sam will be fine.” Dean struggles against the weight of exhaustion, against his eyes closing right here, in the middle of the road. He tries to remember if he even managed to sleep three hours the night before. There were nights he spent with Castiel, where the feeling of Castiel against him, the feeling of Castiel’s arms around him, lulled him to sleep. There were nights he pretended that everything was going to be okay someday. That this was where they’d end up, somehow, somewhere, in some godless future. And then there were nights like last night, when Dean would lay next to Castiel, pretending to sleep, pretending not to feel the way Castiel would pull their bodies closer together, the way Castiel would breathe against his neck, the way Castiel’s hands stayed locked in his. There were nights like last night, when Dean could barely sleep because he would tell himself that the things Castiel mumbled in the darkness weren’t just Dean’s half-awake hallucinations.
Dean doesn’t move, doesn’t speak, until the sun hovers over the horizon and the stars fade to nothing, until the sky turns from black to orange to red to pink to blue. Until the ashes have scattered along the ground, until he can barely find them against the rising light of the dawn. And when there’s nothing but dusty traces of Castiel along the dirt, Dean walks back across the shattered glass and the empty gas container and the yellow dandelions and the twisted weeds, back to the Impala that’s splattered with mud from the lonely truck that had passed through during the night.
“You’ll figure it out too. You and Cas,” Sam turns to Dean, expecting him to change the subject, deny, evade, the usual. “Or are we just not going to talk about you and Cas?”
“I just want to stop him, Dean. He’s out there, killing for fun. And we almost had him, and he just got away, again.” Sam slams his laptop shut.
“Nevermind.” Castiel puts his head down on the pillow next to Dean’s, lets Dean slip his fingers through Castiel’s own. Every time Dean touches him, every time Dean runs his hands along Castiel’s body and every time Dean’s lips press against his cheek, Castiel feels like his power, his divinity, is slowly being stolen, siphoned away.
“So what? Now you just go up to Heaven, tell them you killed Chuck and that you’re in charge now?” Dean presses his fingers against Sam’s neck, the feeling of his pulse the only thing convincing him that he’s actually alive. “You have to bring everyone back. You can’t leave us like this.”
Across the table, Dean sits down, rubbing his eyes, staring down into his own coffee cup. He pulls the collar of his robe together as he leans forward, holding his chin in his hand while his elbow rests a few inches from Sam’s laptop. “Has Lucifer possessed any more washed-up rockstars?”
“For me?” Dean steps closer to Castiel, expecting him to move backward, but Castiel stays still, stays stoic.
“Okay,” Eileen leans back against the seat and runs her fingers along the steering wheel. “I think I get it.”
“What do you want to hear?” Dean brings his face back up to Castiel’s. “You want me to tell you how all I want, all I’ve wanted all night, is for you to fuck me until I can’t take it anymore?”
The walls call out to him. The souls, they know he’s not one of them. They know he’s someone, something they’ve never seen before here. Something who could release them, release all of them back to a world that’s long-forgotten their sins. And Castiel studies each one of their faces. The faces that have twisted into the contorted features of demons after hundreds of years here. The faces that still bear the semblance of humanity. These are the faces whose cries Castiel can’t silence in his own head. The faces of those who still remember their life before hellfire. The faces of those not yet completely lost.
“There’s no reason to drive around with a grenade launcher, right?” Dean looks up at Sam, at his jacket. “You’re leaving? It hasn’t even been a day.”
“Like I said. Big bank. King of Hell. A lot of overlap,” Crowley says, stopping in front of a door, and motioning to the nameplate. “Charles Dryer. Sold his soul to me in 2012, I gave him ten years, in exchange he got this job. But he thinks he’s second-in-charge here, but really he’s just Ethan Burke’s pet. But he can get us in.”
“You—you’re my fucking win. And you’re standing here, doubting me, doubting us. Telling me that you disappeared, didn’t answer me, for what? To find Kelly Kline? To kill her?” Dean holds Castiel’s chin, tilts it up towards his face. “You’re my fucking win, and I was afraid I’d lost you.”
It was supposed to be him, blown away, destroyed to destroy God. But now he’s alone, and there’s nothing left for Chuck to do with him, except kill him too, or maybe something even worse.
“What the hell are you talking about?” Castiel lets his head fall back as Dean runs his fingers down his face, tilting his neck. He waits, to feel Dean’s mouth against his own, Dean’s body against his, but all he feels is Dean loosening his already loose tie, unbuttoning his shirt, and wrapping something around his throat.
The echoes of Purgatory can never be silenced. The terror, the stench of death and decay, the constant, sweltering inferno that spawned a never-ending assault of Leviathan. It’s all relentless background noise in Dean’s brain. And sometimes, in the dark, it blends with the quiet humming of torture and agony that Dean still remembers from four months, 40 years, in Hell.
“Okay,” Dean exhales, his breath visible in the air in front of him. “I suck at this.  But, ever since I was four years-old, and I carried you out of that house, Sammy, all I’ve ever known was this life. This life, where you’ve covered in blood, until someday, you’re dead in your own. And all I’ve ever been told was that I was good at it, that I’m nothing but a killer.” He pauses and looks over at Castiel and closes his eyes. “But that’s not me. And it never was. And even now, now that it’s all over, all this does is remind me of what I was told I had to be. Not anymore.”
Over the past few hours, hazy pieces of the last couple of days have seeped back into his brain—bringing Dean back from the Empty, a dozen fights with Dean for sacrificing Jack’s grace for Cas, Cas, barely alive and human, in the back of the Impala, telling him over and over again that they should have never saved him, Ruby bloody in his bed.
“I just want this to be over,” he sits up on the bed and grabs my shoulders, pressing my back up against the headboard. And I don’t think I’m strong enough to fight back anymore, to overpower him, and I barely want to.
Because, when he’s fucking me, I can’t hear the Empty, and I can’t hear the cries of a million dead angels and demons, and I can’t remember the never-ending nightmares. I can’t remember anything.
“I thought it was under control. Maybe. Until LA. Until Lucifer just started killing for his own amusement.” Sam wraps his fingers around his own neck, tilts his face up to the ceiling. “I just want it to go away, I just want it to go away forever, but tonight, I just want it, even if it’s just a little, I just want it, so I can—so I can feel the rush it used to give me. So I can just make this feeling, go away one more time.”
Castiel kisses him again, and this time, Dean complies, complies with Castiel’s lips, complies with Castiel’s tongue and hands and body, complies with the way Castiel pulls his jeans down to his knees, down to his ankles, down to the floor. “You want me to stop, you want to trust me, you want whatever this is, but you don’t want to listen to me. But I’ll give you what you want, anyway, because that’s what I do I guess.” Castiel slides himself down Dean’s body, until his mouth runs along Dean’s thighs, until he takes Dean into his mouth, rolls the tip of his tongue along Dean, until Dean’s fingers are in his hair, pulling him back up to Dean’s face.
The police files, the ones Dean had convinced some cop on desk duty to give him, are full of useless statements, useless pictures of trails of blood and broken bodies.
Because there are things about Sam, that no one knows. Things that Sam has kept locked inside himself for years. Things that Dean would destroy everything, even himself, to end. The trauma, of the cage, of Hell, that Sam still dreams about every night. The addictions that never really went away, the cravings that he’s managed to control for now by letting himself have just a little, by letting himself go only when he hasn’t slept in days and he’s on the brink of something close to insanity. And Lucifer, possessing whoever he wants, wherever he wants, for pleasure, to get off on it, might be what finally sends Sam over the edge, sends him somewhere he can never come back from.
He pulls himself back to Lisa Braeden’s driveway. The door to her car is unlocked. Castiel turns the key, the one he’d found in Lisa’s bag, in the ignition. And he drives, in circles, block after block, past houses, past stores, until he finds a church, deserted and neglected, and surrounded by an empty lot.
“No, not tonight, anyway,” Dean says. That’s a lie, probably, if anything she has would help him get some sleep, help him get a few hours of peace.
Dean leans his head back against the vending machine, tries to bury every emotion down inside him, tries to bury everything, except the feeling of Castiel’s hand, Castiel’s hips, against his own.
Dean rolls over onto his side, pulls Castiel’s ear with his teeth, slips his hand underneath the waist of Castiel’s pants.
“Like Dean Winchester would ever be taken out by a vamp,” Sam looks at his phone. Eileen is waiting outside for him, and he knows this is it—and that Dean is right, that he isn’t coming back. “I need to go…you know, just call, text me if you need me.”
“What does it mean to you?” Underneath the table, her legs rub against Castiel’s and he wants to slip his knee away from the feeling of her thigh, but there’s something about her, something about the way her body touches his, that’s irresistible and repulsive at the same time.
Castiel lays down on the bed, letting his own feet twist around the same blanket as Dean’s. The buttons on the mattress press against his shoulder blades. “Whatever you want, Dean. I always do what you want. I always do whatever you need.”
Castiel raises his own fingers to the leather collar that Dean is fastening around him, to the cold metal of the chain drops down the center of his chest. “Did you steal this?”
He lowers his hand, and the smoke drifts back inside of me. My body is pressed tightly against his, and I can feel something inside him, something powerful, something different, something that isn’t just demon blood and psychic powers. He puts his hands in my hair and brings my face close to his. “Sam, what’s happening to you?” I whisper, into his mouth.
Everything feels different, as a human. Even the water that runs down Castiel’s face, into his mouth, tastes and smells new. He used to be able to feel every droplet move across his skin. Now, all he feels is lukewarm water, streaming out of a rusty shower head.
And when Dean is far beyond consciousness, Castiel can say what he needs to say, what he says when Dean will never know, never hear, because at least then, Castiel knows, he’s told Dean what this all means. With his lips nearly touching Dean’s face, he whispers, barely audible above even the sounds of the ordinary chaos of the city. “I love you.”
“Fuck that,” Dean says. He slides open the curtain, just a little, enough for him to climb into the shower, drops of water bouncing off his t-shirt and jeans. Castiel doesn’t move or look up, doesn’t react, because he doesn’t know how, because he doesn’t want to. He lets Dean pull his body against his own, and he tries to think of something to say, but he can’t think at all.
“I guess the good news is that Lucifer is definitely here.” Crowley leans against the doorway, falling out of the way as Sam pushes his way through.
There are days, good days, when Sam can’t remember anything about Hell, about the cage. And there are days, nights, and nightmares, when all he can think about, all he can feel, is Lucifer ripping his soul apart, piece by piece, over and over. And it’s on those days, nights, after those dreams, when he wakes up covered in sweat, terrified, that he can almost taste it. The way it felt burning through his insides, the power it gave him. The way he felt invincible while it dripped down his throat.
“Just drop me off, Dean. Anywhere, here, I’ll walk.” Castiel lifts the handle of the door as Dean rolls through a stop sign concealed by overgrown bushes.
“I don’t understand. Cas’ deal was that the Empty would take him, when he was happy. Cas told me he was far from being happy,” he says.
“I can erase your memories of her too,” Castiel’s fingers move along Dean’s spine, up to his neck, into his hair. “So that you won’t regret what you had me do. So that you won’t regret her.”
She moves forward, toward Chuck, and she digs the blade into his spine, she twists it, and twists it, and he screams and laughs all at once. He stands, motionless, as his blood drips down onto the snow, spreading red stains by his feet. Then he pulls the blade from his body and throws it on the ground. “What was that supposed to do?” he turns to Ruby and pulls her in front of him, holding her arms behind her back. “Sam, after we’re done with these two, this one is next.”
And, for awhile, the nameless fucking, the cheap alcohol, the fake law school admissions essays he writes in the middle of the night when he wants to pretend that, someday, he’ll be free from this, that Dean will be free from this, are enough. But the charred bodies of Vince Vincente, of Ethan Burke, the reminders of the agony Lucifer likes to inflict, have reminded Sam that he’s not free of the curse bestowed on him thirty-something years ago.
“What the hell did you do?” Dean watches her run down the hall, her ankles unsteady on her high heels.
“But, I guess, I can,” Dean says. Castiel’s hands grasp at Dean’s wrists, as Dean pushes him back into the wall, as Dean’s mouth crushes against his. The way Dean kisses him, is different than the way that Sarah from the brothel, kissed him, is different than anything Castiel has ever let himself feel. Dean’s mouth is urgent, rough, and he pulls Castiel up, along the exposed sheetrock, until they’re both standing, Castiel’s knee slipping in between Dean’s legs as Dean shoves his body against his. Dean’s tongue moves along his teeth, along the roof of his mouth, he swallows Castiel’s chin, and moves up his jaw and cheek, to Castiel’s ear. “Last night on Earth, maybe, and this is really what you want? Me?”
It laughs again, this time even louder. “I’ll never sleep again, all because of your Nephilim. You think I’ll ever let you know peace, after all that you’ve done?” It stops talking, and moves Meg’s hands further down my chest, the buttons on my shirt falling open. It slides Meg’s hand just above my heart. And I pray, pray to the God that I wish didn’t exist, for it to stop.
“Cas—” Dean lifts his head, tries to pull his arms away from the bed. “Cas, what the fuck are you doing? You can’t—you can’t do this.”
Castiel drops down to the ground next to him, pressing himself against the decaying body of a Dodge Challenger. “I heard your prayer.”
I shove the spoon into my mouth, so that the crunching sound drowns out the noises coming from Sam and Dean’s bedrooms. In the morning, I’ll pretend that I have no idea what happened here tonight. That I know nothing about Sam and the demon we dragged back from the Empty. That I’m oblivious to whatever is going on between Dean and Cas, even though it was all obvious to me for so long.
Castiel uses his grace, nearly all of it to heal, rebuild, Dean’s body, to restore Dean’s soul. The force of Castiel’s power causes the trees surrounding them to crash down to the ground, causes the forest to succumb to its own death. The force of Castiel’s power burns Dean’s new flesh, burns the outline of Castiel’s hand along Dean’s shoulder. And Castiel runs his fingers along the blistered skin, along the soul he can still feel, now burning inside of Dean’s body.
“You and me, we aren’t that different,” Ruby rests her head on mine. “I used Sam to get what I wanted, you raised Dean from Perdition, or whatever, to try to give Heaven what it wanted, right? The only difference is that you didn’t obey your orders.”
The sun is setting, on a now-vacant world, and I use the last rays of dying light to read through Rowena’s spell book again. This keeps my mind off the fact that maybe Eileen is dead, in Hell, or that Chuck sent her to some other dimension, or planet, and that maybe we’ll never see each other ever again.
And Castiel escapes, back to the burned remains of Carthage, back to the burned remains of the hardware store, back to the burned remains of Jo and Ellen. Back to the burned remains of what it means to feel this way, to feel anything, about Dean Winchester.
Jack combs through the grass, collecting sticks and branches from the ground. He reads the tombstones as he passes them, wondering, who each grave’s inhabitant was, how they died, if they’re in Heaven. He wonders, if Heaven will be different, with Amara in charge. He wonders, if somewhere, his mother knows, that the world is safe now, and that she doesn’t have to worry about him anymore. He wonders, if she’s still proud of him, even though, he isn’t special, he’s only human.
This, this is what Castiel had imagined, behind the locked doors of motel room bathrooms while Dean slept just a few feet away. This, this is what Castiel wanted every single fucking time he was too close to Dean. This, this is what Castiel had given up his grace, fallen from Heaven, for. This, this is the reason he had ached to be condemned by God.
Dean slides himself onto the cold tiles, hands gripping at his hair. If it weren’t the middle of the night, if Castiel wasn’t asleep only feet away, if this motel was vacant and dead, Dean would scream, scream until all of this disappears forever.
“You know that’s not what I mean,” Dean pushes Castiel back against the Challenger, pushes his tongue into Castiel’s mouth. This is what they do now, when Dean is bored, when Dean is drunk, when Dean still smells like the sweat or perfume or cum of somebody he’d fucked in the back of a bar.
“No,” Dean’s arm drops to his side, the gun resting on the mattress. “I’m not letting you poison me.”
But Dean couldn’t leave Castiel 1,705 miles away from where he should be, 1,705 miles away from Dean. So Dean brought Castiel home, like this, because this bag was the only thing Dean could find, stuffed in the glove compartment of the Impala, and he doesn’t even remember where it came from, or what was in it before Castiel, and he doesn’t want to remember.
“It will help you forget, for awhile.” Castiel leans back, his shoulder rubbing into Dean’s as he moves backward. The very touch of Dean, against him, is enough to make Castiel forget about God, Heaven, everything.
“Whatever,” she says. “Maybe you should tell him, that this really isn’t what you’re into. Or, maybe, tell him what you are into.”
This house has been abandoned for a decade, maybe more, and it was forgotten long before that. There’s a bookshelf, lined with dusty pictures of people who are almost definitely dead. The staircase leading upstairs is falling to pieces, and there are empty beer cans and used condoms on the floor. The remnants of some high school party ended by a neighbor’s call to the cops.
“You believe Chuck?” Dean stands, stepping away from Sam. “Since when has Chuck ever done a goddamn thing for us?”
“It’s my mission.” In the cold blackness, Castiel wraps himself around Dean, until Dean’s soul is almost one with him, until Castiel can feel the agony, the self-hatred that engulfs Dean Winchester.
But instead, he stares up into the late afternoon Kansas sun, wondering how long it will be until he’s dead. How long it will be until Sam is dead, Cas is dead, even Jack. He wonders which one of them will be first, which one of them will be last.
Castiel wonders if maybe someone has heard him when he let himself give in to blasphemy. Maybe someone, somewhere, in some middle-of-America motel, has heard the things Castiel says, when Dean is down on his knees, when Dean is on top of him, inside of him. And maybe, someone has heard him, and wished they were the one getting railed at one o’clock in the morning in a bed that might be seconds away from breaking to pieces. The same way that Castiel wants it to be him, right now, calling out to God from underneath naked flesh.
Maybe, Sam and Dean should be back already. The last text that Sam had sent him was over two hours ago, to let him know that they had finally found it. A foreclosed-on farm haunted by vampires, where they’ve been taking the barely-alive bodies of women, where they’ve been draining them slowly, and then completely.
“You need practice,” I reach down and run my fingers along his, but he pulls his hand away from mine. “And I’m the only demon here.”
Still kneeling in front of Dean, Castiel opens his eyes. Sam is unconscious in the ice-strewn grass beside him. Castiel can’t tell if Sam is still breathing, can’t tell if he’s alive. Dean drops his gun, pulls at the collar of Sam’s shirt, shakes him, lifts Sam by the shoulders so that his head is on Dean’s legs. “Fix him, please, don’t let this happen. Come on, Sam.”
And, as the sun lingers over the horizon, and its rays spread broken colors across the damp air, Castiel can feel his grace, slowly flowing through his body again. He slides himself out from underneath Dean, and he watches him, watches the way the rising light moves across his face. The guilt, from swallowing Dean down, from having Dean in a way that angels were never supposed to have humans, starts to sink down into him.
Here, this last circle of Hell, is that special place. The place reserved for the abusers and executioners and betrayers of the innocent. The place where Dean Winchester’s soul is being torn apart, piece by piece. The place where Castiel needs to find Dean, before he surrenders to Alastair, before the blood on Dean’s hands belongs to someone other than himself.
She lifts up the bottom of her shirt, just enough to reveal the lower part of her stomach. She looks down at me, and she says, “It’s okay, Sam.”
“Until recently?” Dean lifts his head just enough for his eyes to meet Castiel’s across the darkness.
The hotel on Washington Street is too small and too expensive. And even from the 18th floor, the roar of downtown Manhattan interferes with the hum of the television, of the nightly news. Castiel turns his face from the pictures of some murdered billionaire banker to Dean. To Dean, in the bathroom, running water down his face. To Dean, brushing his teeth. To Dean, standing under florescent bathroom lights in nothing but a black t-shirt and boxer shorts.
Wrapping the chain around his wrist, Dean pulls Castiel forward, the leather collar scraping against Castiel’s throat. “Do it, I need it, I need you.”
He had considered, maybe convinced himself, that the best thing of all would be to never tell her about the psychic powers, the demon blood, Ruby. To just tell her that they’d defeated Chuck, that it was over, all over, and they could finally live their lives without worrying about all the things that went bump in the night, because all those things, they’re all gone now.
Castiel climbs out of the car, and Eileen wraps her arms around him, and then Dean. “I’m so happy,” she says. “For you, for both of you.”
“You know I wanted to. Of course I wanted to. But did you want this before I told you…..before the Empty took me?” Castiel rolls over onto his back, pulls the blanket over his hips.
Ruby stands up, reaches out toward me. “Last time I saw you, you stabbed me. You owe me. Get me out of here.”
Dean’s fingers move to Castiel’s wrists, trace along the outline of Castiel’s veins. “Too bad everything always has to happen after we kill the monster.”
Sam just says, “I think I understand now.” And I know that he knows everything, that he’s always known.
“I’ll come with you.” Castiel wraps his fingers around Dean’s wrist, as he tries to pull Dean back toward him.
Dean had been discharged from the hospital upon his own lies. He had managed to convince some barely-a doctor that he felt fine, that he was stable. But every part of him aches, and he can still feel Alastair’s hands around his throat, he can still feel consciousness, life, leaving his body.
So I stop, and I stand up, and kiss him, so that he tastes himself all over me. He groans and grunts, and I’m afraid he’s going to wake Sam, wake whatever else lives in the walls and halls of this Bunker. “Oh God,” he says.
Castiel’s fingers fumble around Dean’s neck and across his face. He still doubts that Dean wants him, wants a broken shell of a once-angel, but Dean’s mouth is relentless, and Castiel wraps his hands around Dean’s wrists.
And now Castiel is human, fragile. And Heaven is empty, and the angels are gone, fallen, dead, whatever. “Okay Dean.”
Dean would have killed Jack, last night, tonight, would kill him right now, if Sam let him. Because Jack needs to die. Because Jack will never stop reminding him of Cas.
When they do this, sometimes, Castiel wishes for some kind of accident.  He wishes that Dean would go too far, take everything, take every bit of his grace, take everything that’s holy, rip him apart until he’s nothing but human, mortal. Then, maybe, he could have Dean, the way he wants to have Dean, without worrying about Heaven, without worrying about divine retaliation.
“Right, it’s a big bank. I have connections. How do you think most of these people became so successful?” Crowley slams the van door shut. “I own most of their souls.”
“Something like us?” Castiel’s slides his palms down onto the bed, leaning backward, spreading his knees apart, grinding his heel against the floor.
Castiel reaches out through the frigid darkness, and he touches Dean, Dean’s soul. It’s filled with rage and remorse. But, more than anything, it’s filled with longing. A longing to be alive, a longing to know that Sam Winchester is safe, a longing for a life that didn’t end in being ripped apart by hellhounds. A longing for a normal life, a longing for something else.
And then came the dreams, the ones Chuck said were just his visions of another Sam and Dean Winchester, in some other universe. The dreams that didn’t stop even my connection with Chuck was broken. The dreams that reminded me of the nightmares I had about Jess, long before I found her burning alive.
Everything is awake. The darkness is filled with the screams of thousands, maybe millions, of dead angels and demons and reapers.
He watches Dean, on the couch with Ben, some cartoon on the television, and Castiel wonders if Lisa will ever tell Dean the truth. Or if she’ll keep telling him the same lie, her lie about Ben’s father being some biker she met in a bar. Castiel knows that Lisa doesn’t want to give Dean a reason to stay. It’s the same reason why Castiel will never tell Dean, either, that Ben is Dean’s son.
“Of course,” Sam says, motioning to Dean. “Get this over with already, Dean. Shoot him. And then shoot yourself. You deserve to die for this. You deserve to die for everyone else.”
Eileen doesn’t say anything, and she doesn’t look at him. She digs the heel of her boot into the dirt beneath the bench, and she watches a swing on the playground sway back and forth in the wind. She drinks her coffee, and slides herself further from Sam, her fingers moving along the chipped blue paint of the bench’s slats. She taps her red nails on the iron arm rest.
Dean always assumed he’d die young, in some stupid way, on some stupid hunt. His father even told him, once, that would probably be the best thing that could happen to him. So he didn’t have to die old, alone, forgotten. Like hunters always do. He never even expected to make it past 40. And now he’s going to die because God had decided he’s bored, done with the world, done with Dean.
So James Gallagher cleans his desk, arranging papers into unorganized piles, dusting off his keyboard, listening to the sounds of his partners, in the surrounding offices, saying goodbye to one another, going home to their families. He responds to two or three emails, tells two or three associates that they each have one more chance, one more mistake, until he fires them. He tells them that they’re not good enough, will never be good enough, to make it here.
“I guess…when you pulled me from the Empty….” Castiel says. “Because you were an angel, somehow, and I’m human…” He slides his body up enough to grab onto the collar of Dean’s shirt, tugging on it, until Dean’s chest is touching his again. “I’m sorry, Cas,” Dean says, and Castiel doesn’t really know what Dean’s apologizing for, but he can’t respond, because Dean’s mouth is on his, and Dean’s fingers are running down his sides, right to the top of Castiel’s pants.
But Hayley is different. Hayley says that she loves him, that she wants to be with him forever. She buys him coffee in the morning, and she tells him all the things the other associates say about him, all the things the other associates do behind his back.  And she’ll let him do anything he wants to her.
Still holding Castiel close to him through the band of leather that surrounds Castiel’s neck, Dean mumbles. “What are we, Cas?”
If I let him, Sam would bleed me dry. He bites down on my wrists, my neck, anywhere he thinks he can get more. He digs the blade of his knife into my thigh, his head in between my legs as he takes and takes and takes. I tug on his hair, try to bring his tongue up to where I want him, right to where I’ve had him so many times before, but he says he can’t, not right now.
And I remember all the demon blood, and the powers Sam had when he was addicted to her. If she could give him that, if he goes dark side again, then maybe we don’t need Jack, we don’t need Cas’ grace, to take out Chuck.
The sound of crumpling steel echoes in the twilight. The bumper of Lisa’s car falls to the ground, the headlights and grill collapse into themselves. This is enough, to deceive her, to make her believe that someone, some guy she met in the hospital tonight for two minutes, lost control, hit her while she was stopped at a light.
Dean’s lips separate from Castiel’s skin, and he pulls Castiel’s hand across his own throat, so that Castiel can seal away whatever grace he has left. “What do you want, Cas?”
“So do I,” Eileen looks up at the pink and yellow clouds that streak through the sky above them. “I don’t want to remember the things I’ve seen, dying, or Hell. I don’t want to remember any of it. So, whatever you need.”
“Yes, and before you blame me, that was Dean’s idea. The whole reason he agreed to take me out of the Empty. For Sam to use me to fight God,” Ruby puts her knee up onto the mattress, leaning forward. “But Sam isn’t going to fight God, because God is using Sam, and God wants both of you dead.”
He sits at Lisa Braeden’s kitchen table and scatters a pile of mail in front of him. A water bill, a cable bill, a Pottery Barn catalog, all addressed to Lisa. A letter from the Lakeview School District to Ben Braeden. A menu advertising the Grand Reopening of an Italian restaurant, a newspaper full of nothing but ads, a coupon to a nail salon, all addressed only to Resident. Nothing for Dean, because Dean barely exists to the real world.
She laughs. “Whatever. This is even better. Once the Empty realizes that some poor, dead almost-human is here, it will throw you back to where you belong. Hell. And I’ll ride you all the way there.”
Deep inside me, I can feel myself being pulled back, back to Earth. This spell, with Jack’s blood, it didn’t work to resurrect Cas—but Sam thought maybe, if he combined his blood with mine, he’d be able to resurrect whatever is left of me. “Sam’s going to bring me back, and when he does, it will bring you to Earth, to let go of me….and then, you can drain whatever grace is in me, in Jack, and I’ll give you the rest.”
“Well, I guess there’s no more oath to break.” Dean rocks himself back onto his feet, and he walks, to the side of the bed, sits down behind Castiel, presses his chest into Castiel’s back. He buries his face against Castiel’s neck, runs his fingers down Castiel’s shoulder blades, down the invisible scars of broken wings stolen forever.
The coffee is terrible but Sam drinks it anyway. The coffee is always terrible, and Sam always drinks it anyway. He hasn’t slept more than a few hours since they’d gotten back from Los Angeles. Since they’d failed, again, to stop Lucifer.
“What’s wrong with you, Cas?” The rain streaks down Dean’s face, as Castiel spreads his legs over Dean’s hips.
But, at 3 am in this motel room in the middle of somewhere Dean can’t even remember, Dean is too tired, too damaged, to care, and he leans forward, over Castiel, and lets his mouth hover over Castiel, breathing in his grace. It drifts past Dean’s lips and down his tongue, and he swallows. He can feel it burning through him, through his chest and into his stomach.
The sound of the bed creaking underneath them, the sound of Dean grunting, groaning, is louder than anything Castiel has ever heard before. Louder than the burning walls of Hell, louder than the screaming halls of Heaven.
And Dean doesn’t know what to do, or say, right now. Right now is usually the part where he’d get up, give an excuse, write down a fake phone number, leave forever. Or the part when someone would do the same to him. He just knows he wants to stay here, because for the first time, ever, he feels like he matters, to someone, for something.
Castiel can feel Dean exhale into his mouth, and the way their legs have somehow become entwined. “Are you doing this because you think you have to?”
Dean kneels down in the dirt, falling forward, Castiel’s death—the bright white-blue light that exploded from his body as Lucifer shoved the angel blade through him—plays over and over in his mind, a constant loop, a constant reminder of the fact that Dean couldn’t save him. Dean rolls over, turns his face up to the sky.
“Being normal, that’s what I always wanted, from the minute I realized that Dean and I weren’t normal at all. When, you know, I realized, other kids didn’t get dragged around and left in shitty motels while their fathers hunted ghosts,” Sam leans forward on the bench. “But, there were times, I thought—why would I ever want to just be normal? I thought it wasn’t for me, I guess. Sometimes, I thought I had been crazy—what was I thinking, when I was a kid? Becoming a lawyer, living behind some white picket fence. Sometimes that sounded more like a nightmare than the one I was living. But then I brought you back and being normal—that’s all I want.”
Alone at the kitchen table, being human, fully human, doesn’t seem so bad. At least I’m not coughing up blood and dying, like when this happened once before. At least not yet.
“Okay, Dean,” Castiel lets Dean kiss him because he can feel, how much Dean wants this, how much Dean needs this right now. Because this is what they do, because this is what they are now. Something secret, something that exists behind closed doors and between silent bedsheets that tangle around their bodies and keep their secrets.
Dean watches the journal burn, until its blackened ash, until it’s nothing. Everything he’s ever known, it’s all gone, finally. Finally, he’s free. Free from monsters, free from demons, free from God.
“Yeah. That. But I didn’t love Sam.” Her dark hair blends into the abyss that surrounds us. All I can see is her face. “But you. All you needed to do to make yourself happy was to tell Dean Winchester you’re in love with him. Not very angelic, or whatever.”
Castiel could hold Dean’s soul here, against him, with him, on the edges of Hell, forever. He could hold Dean’s soul, a soul that believes it’s nothing but a monster, a killer, a torturer, and tell Dean that for this soul, Castiel would fight a minefield of demons, over and over. That for this soul, Castiel would give up his grace forever. For this soul, Castiel would deceive Heaven. That for this soul, Castiel would give everything. That Dean Winchester’s soul is Castiel’s fate.
If he had a choice, Castiel would abandon it all. Let Heaven go to Hell. Pretend that none of this matters, and that he’s really free. Pretend that he hadn’t left Sam Winchester’s soul to rot.  But Castiel knows, believes, he was chosen for something, something big. He just doesn’t know what.
His powers, his abilities, that he once used against demons, against Hell—they’re all back, and he’d give anything to use them, against God—but he realizes, God is using it all against him. That God is destroying him from the inside out.
And Castiel gives in, until his face is buried in Dean’s pillow, until Dean’s lips and fingers are everywhere, until Castiel finally has Dean, in every way, until Castiel finally has everything, anything, he’s ever wanted.
In the hallway, Sam’s hand hovers over the doorknob to Dean’s room. He can hear Dean and Castiel, talking, but he can’t hear what they’re saying. He could get it over with, all at once. He could leave them both, Dean, and Cas, dead, in Dean’s bed. And then maybe Chuck would set him free, bring back Eileen. At least that’s what all the demon blood and visions in his head are trying to convince him is the right thing, the only thing to do.
So he spends most of his time in the paradise of the autistic man, who drowned in a bathtub in 1953, watching him fly his kite against the endless blue sky. Sometimes, Castiel likes to visit the eternity of a woman murdered by her husband in 1986. He lets his feet sink into the white sand beach where she used to spend her summers as a child. And, on days when he feels especially alone, Castiel hides in the quiet shared nirvana of a elderly couple killed in a car accident in 1999, as they walk hand-in-hand on the lake shores of their Michigan cabin.
“No,” Sam tells himself, stepping back from Dean’s door, fighting everything going on in his brain. “No, I won’t do this.”
But Dean is wide awake, his body still aching, his brain still numb. He stares at ceiling, listens to the drunken laughter of a woman in the room above them and the sound of Castiel quietly snoring against his ear. He slips out, from under Castiel, the floor squeaking underneath him, and closes the door to the bathroom.
I open the door to Cas’ room. The sheets on the bed tucked neatly underneath the mattress. The pile of papers stacked on his desk. All those things he felt, about me, all those things he said, none of it matters because the entire world is going to die. Because of me.
“Shut up. Do you need anything else?” Dean’s feet scrape against the pavement beneath him. “I already have pills, all kinds, for whatever.”
There are diplomas on the wall. Bookshelves that are mostly empty. A couch with throw pillows that have been discarded to the floor. A pile of newspapers that look like they’ve never been unfolded, never been read. A glass coffee table that’s been turned onto its side. And Ethan Burke, sprawled out on the rug behind his desk. Ethan Burke, eyes burned out, eyes two black holes to nowhere.
Castiel knows that Dean makes him weak, makes him fall further and further from Heaven. And he doesn’t want to go to some club, some place, for fractured people to try to heal their wounds with someone else’s body. Because Castiel knows exactly what it feels like, to feel broken, to feel abandoned inside of, on top of, underneath, somebody he barely knows, barely cares about, just to try to forget about what he really wants. Because Castiel knows what it feels like, to lie beside someone, to lie beside Dean, and to feel so close and so distant all at once. “I’ll go, tomorrow, whatever you need me to do.”
She picks up one of the tissues and she runs it under her eye. It turns shades of beige and pink from the makeup she wipes away. “Why does the FBI care about my husband?”
“Stop being so fucking dramatic, Moose, and get up,” Crowley extends his hand towards Sam, like some kind of peace offering. “Let’s go find the Devil.”
Down the hall, Dean’s door is open and his room is dark. For just a second, I worry, that he left, that maybe he’s somewhere, alone and drunk and reckless. Maybe I should call, or text him, but instead I close my bedroom door behind Ruby and find one of the knives I keep in my nightstand drawer.
“Anything, I can’t control anything. The psychic stuff. The demon blood. The visions from Chuck,” Sam pulls away, because the voices in his head are telling him to wrap his hands around Dean’s throat, choke the life out of him right there, in front of Castiel, and Jack, and Ruby. “Everything that you tried to save me from becoming, I am.”
I move my tongue across his lips, down his chest and his stomach. He clenches his fist in my hair and brings my face back up to his. He unbuttons my shirt, yanks on my tie until it’s loose, tilts my head back and bites lightly into my neck, his mouth finds its way up to my ear, and across my jaw.
And Dean finally lets himself fall asleep, for the first time in days, because he’s finally not terrified, because he finally knows someone is watching over him, because he’s full of Castiel’s grace, and because feels something, with Castiel, that he doesn’t understand, or that maybe he doesn’t want to understand.
“They’ll hunt you,” Castiel closes his eyes as Dean stands, pushing himself against Castiel, his clothes brushing into the exposed parts of Castiel’s skin. “They’ll hunt you and I can’t let them do that to you.”
Castiel takes Dean’s arm, drags it up against the headboard, and knots his tie around Dean’s wrist and the wooden pole. He does the same with Dean’s other arm and the leather of his belt. Dean mumbles “Cas,” into his mouth. “Cas, what are you doing?” Dean tries to move, to break free, but the restraints are too tight and they burn against his flesh.
“Talk about what?” Dean opens his eyes and turns to Sam. There’s gravel and dirt in Dean’s hair, and Sam wonders just how much he’s had to drink in the past 24 hours, but the demon blood flowing through Sam reminds him that it’s not something he wants to bring up right now.
“You know what I want,” Dean says, running his mouth down Castiel’s jaw and onto the collar, letting his teeth graze against the leather.
Sam reaches down onto the ground and pulls me up by my shoulders. “Dean, without Jack, how do we bring everyone back? How do I bring Eileen back? Or this is it, you get Cas back, and I get…nothing?”
This woman believes that his name is Jimmy Novak, that he’s here because he’s been hurt, damaged, because he needs something to make it all go away. And Castiel doesn’t really know if that’s just a slightly distorted version of his own reality.
“Just go with it, you’ll get out of here, I’ll get you out of here, come on,” she takes his hand, pulls him toward the door.
And it hurts, until Dean tells himself that this is maybe the best, maybe all, they’ll ever have. That this is all he deserves, for everything he’s done. And, finally, the feeling of Castiel’s body slamming into his, the feeling of Castiel ramming against his insides is all Dean needs, wants to feel. All he wishes he could feel forever.
Dean doesn’t even have anywhere to keep Castiel. Only on his dresser, across from his bed, where Dean could stare everyday while slowly, or quickly, drinking himself to death. He throws his phone down, pulls the bag, the bag full of Castiel, up onto his stomach. “What the fuck am I supposed to do, Cas?”
“You won’t shoot me, Dean, I know you won’t. I know you can’t, because you’re weak. So do this for me, for Eileen, for everyone but yourself.” Sam pulls at Castiel’s hair, holds him still. “Show him that he’s wrong about you, show him that he never should have fallen in love with you. Show him that you really are a killer.”
Castiel stretches forward, up to Dean’s face, and Dean wraps his legs around him. He tilts his body up against Castiel, puts his arms over his own head. “Just fucking do it, Cas.”
“I’m sorry, I can’t stop myself, when we do this, when I’m like this,” Dean says, as Castiel tugs on the collar of his flannel shirt. “It’s the only thing that makes all the anger, everything, go away. I’m sorry.”
The inside of Dean’s mouth is warm and wet around him, and Castiel reaches down, pulls at material on Dean’s t-shirt, dragging the sleeve up onto Dean’s shoulder. He rests his fingers along the dissipating outline of his own handprint, burned into Dean’s flesh the moment he pulled him out of Hell, the handprint that has faded, healed, little by little, every time Dean took his grace.
“I just wanted to make sure.” Dean lets his body rest against Castiel’s, lets Castiel drape his arm over his body, lets their fingers intertwine.
He parks on the side of the road, the edges of his tires scraping into the dirt beside the pavement. Leaning back against the headrest, again, he begs for someone, anyone to give him Cas, to—for once—give Dean what he needs.
From across the room, Chuck claps. The loud kind of clap, the kind of clap where one hand folds into the other. The kind of clap that pierces the air and echoes off the dungeon walls. Sam lowers the gun, points it down at the floor, and slumps back down onto the concrete. He puts his hands over his face, a string of incoherent words escaping his mouth.
Sam has been looking for Dean for something like an hour when he finally finds him there. The air is abnormally cold, and Sam watches his breath dissipate in the air as he sits down in the grass beside Dean. He doesn’t ask why he’s laying here, in the road, because it doesn’t matter, he only says, “Do you want to talk about it?”
So Castiel drives, drives past warehouses and a never-ending airport parking lot. He drives as Dean closes his eyes, as Dean falls asleep with his head against the window and his neck bent to the side. Castiel has watched Dean sleep for hours and hours, lying beside him and he’s silenced Dean’s nightmares over and over. He’s held Dean, through three-in-the-morning fits of terror and fear, when Dean couldn’t stop reliving some hunt gone wrong. And, with every monster-wracked dream that Castiel banishes from Dean’s brain, Castiel wishes, prays, that he could pull Dean away from this life, away from the constant threat of death and the Devil.
And Dean doesn’t close his eyes, because he likes to watch Castiel’s face, as he comes, as his lips hang open and he lets Dean’s name escape his breath one, two, three times. And Dean doesn’t close his eyes, because he likes to watch Castiel’s mouth, everywhere, wrapped around him, swallowing him down.
Reaching out toward him, I pull his hair and drag his face forward into mine, silently begging him to stop.
Sam looks up, Ruby’s demon blood burning through every part of his body, lightheaded and still aching for more, and says, “We do what you, me, and Cas have always done. We fight. We fight God. And we win.”
Dean points the gun at Sam. “You know, it took me a long time to realize that Dad was wrong about mostly everything. Except you. Except he was right, when he told me you’re a monster.”
“Yeah, maybe,” Dean walks to the Impala, standing outside the driver’s side door, running his fingers along the handle to the door. He looks back, at the charred corpse of the life he’s known, the life he thought was his fate.
“I’m sure but, no, I’m not okay.” Saying those words, finally telling someone, someone whose name he doesn’t even know, someone he’ll never see again, lets a wave of solace fall over him, because he’s been choking it all down, since forever, since Castiel admitted that he deserved to be punished, for the things he did on Earth and in Heaven, for the things he did with Dean.
“No, that will never happen again.” Sam shoves his hands into the pockets of his pants, the sound of his footsteps quickening against the pavement. “I won’t let it.”
“Yeah. Me neither. Sam and I told you, our dad hated the City. Too big, too loud, too dirty, too whatever.” Dean adjusts the volume on the radio, until the music drowns out the engines of the cars surrounding them. “I think it was just too much for him. Too many people.”
But there are nights, like tonight, when Dean sleeps in stillness. When Dean’s breath is steady and quiet. When his lips fall open and a small stream of saliva drips down his chin. Nights when Castiel imagines that he could close his eyes, fall asleep next to Dean, and wake up in some world without angels and demons and ghosts.
“No,” Dean exhales, and the feeling of Castiel’s arm across his back, the feeling of Castiel’s hands, force some kind of calm over his body, a calm he tries to deny, because, maybe Castiel is the villain now, maybe Castiel has been the villain all along. “I don’t want to forget her. I loved her. I love her. But what I loved most of all, was the idea of her. You know, a family. A home. Having someone there, in the middle of the night. Having someone, or whatever.” Dean slides his chest off Castiel’s, sits up over him. “But this is it for me. Right? Living and dying as a hunter? And now I’m going to have to hunt you?”
Dean lies down, stretching his arm across Castiel’s legs. He still feels wounded, torn up inside, from the angel spell, from being drained of Jack’s grace, and he’s almost scared, about how much he wants this. “I ruined you, like I ruin everything.” Dean tugs on the material of Castiel’s shirt and drags Castiel down onto the pillow beside him.
Castiel struggles against Dean, against the feeling of Dean mouth moving along the channels of light-filled incisions that line Castiel’s body. Castiel can feel himself, further from Heaven, than he’s ever been before. And he can feel, something he doesn’t understand, something beyond whatever it is that makes him come whenever Dean calls. Something that tells Castiel he would give anything, to give Dean whatever he needs.
It takes everything in him not to ask Castiel if these years of touching and kissing and fucking until Dean passes out mean anything more than just getting off. And, instead, he lets Castiel wrap his hand around his neck, bend his head back. He groans as Castiel’s teeth clench down into his shoulder, as Castiel comes, as Castiel’s body falls away from his own.
I try to think of something, some lie, that would take away everything he feels, make him numb to the end of everything. Instead, I press my palm into his shoulder, right where he was once scarred from my hands dragging him out of Hell. I tell him I’ll do whatever he needs. He already knows that. Again, he says he’s sorry, sorry for everything, sorry for letting me leave, sorry that he didn’t stop me, sorry for blaming me for the mess in his head.
Castiel takes Chuck by the collar of his shirt and throws him up against the brick wall. “Whatever you’re doing to him, to Sam, stop, now.”
Jack kneels down in front of me. He turns his wrist over and lets me cut along the veins, lets his blood pool in the stone bowl below him. Then he lifts his neck, tilts his head backward and lets me run the angel blade along his throat. His grace streams out as I cut his skin, slowly, dripping, floating into the vial that Dean holds between his fingers. I pull the blade away, and he collapses onto the ground. He’s still breathing, but he’s dead enough, for now.
“Us? You want me to stop this for us?” Castiel presses his palm down, harder on Dean’s hand, holds him still as he lets his lips overwhelm Dean’s. “You want to let the Devil’s child walk this Earth for us?”
“Not that I know of. Not outside of work, I mean. I’m sure there are a lot of people from work who might—have a grudge against him, I guess,” she says. “He didn’t talk much about work. He was always at the office until late at night. When he came home he really didn’t want to talk about work.”
Lying in the dirt of Sioux Falls, in a field of twisted scrap metal, discarded tires, and rusted-out parts of cars long deserted, Dean Winchester calls out to Castiel. All he can think about, all he can see, all he can smell, is Jo. Jo, ripped apart. Jo, bleeding out. Jo, holding the detonator of the bomb that would blow her to pieces underneath her finger. He tells himself this is his fault, he never should have let Jo, or Ellen, come with them to hunt the Devil. And he tells himself that he can lose control, because he’s doomed, because Lucifer already won.
“Yeah, something like that. Not my thing.” He folds his hand over her wrist. “I just need to get out of here, Sarah. I need to get my friend out of here. And I wish I could get you out of here, because, I don’t think you want to be here either.”
Dean struggles against Castiel, struggles to hold on to some sense of restraint, against Castiel’s fingers. He struggles against the feeling of Castiel breathing in his ear, against the feeling of Castiel everywhere. And he finishes, too fast, too soon, too loud. Because even after all the nights they’ve spent like this, all the nights they’ve spent screwing each other into near-oblivion, the way their bodies are twisted up together, the way that Castiel’s arms are wrapped around Dean like he’ll never let go, overwhelms Dean the very second Castiel touches him.
“I get that too.” Dean leans forward, clenching his fingers around his own fist. “But none of that makes this your fault.”
Dean reaches up to Castiel’s arm, pressing it harder against him, silently begging Castiel to hold him, tighter, as tightly as he can, because right now, here, with his pants twisted down by his feet, with Castiel’s hands all over him, Dean finally feels like he isn’t seconds away from losing everything, from giving in to God and the Devil and the end of the world.
Sam waits for the King of Hell in a hotwired minivan with a Smith Center Elementary School sticker on its bumper and a hundred, or a thousand, Pepperidge Farm Goldfish crackers stuffed into the backseat cushions. He presses his face down into the steering wheel, lets himself start to drift toward sleep. The all-night drive from Lebanon to Dallas was something like fifteen, sixteen hours. Fifteen, sixteen hours he’d spent alone. Fifteen, sixteen hours he’d spent thinking of all the people Lucifer had killed, in Los Angeles. Thinking about how all of it, Lucifer walking free, is his fault.
And Castiel had imagined this a hundred, a thousand times, imagined what it would be like, to feel Dean from the inside, to devour every cell of the body he had resurrected. but he had never imagined this with the burden of humanity that now lives in his brain. He never imagined how hard it would be to silence everything he wants to say, to confess, right now. He never imagined that this could feel so pure but so corrupt all at once.
No one has been here in years. Ivy and weeds grow along the long-closed doors. There are so many letters missing from the sign in front that its name has been forgotten to all but old maps and dead parishioners.
“I’m never getting out of here.” I let my head drop onto her shoulder. My power,  I can feel it get weaker with every second, and I feel myself slipping away. She shakes me awake, she tells me if I fall asleep, it might be forever. “I’m not even good at being an angel, but I was terrible at being human.”
“Power, fame. Ethan Burke is facilitating one of the biggest bank mergers in history, and he’s going to make millions off it. He’ll be on the cover of the Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, whatever,” Crowley says. “Lucifer gets off on that kind of thing.”
He pulls himself up, mangled branches scrape across his back, and he brushes pieces of smashed berries off his shoulder. And he steps forward, across tattered patches of grass, to where the ground opens up to a small stream. He opens the bag slowly, splitting apart the plastic zipper, and he lets the ashes fall along sleeping flowers and cracking rocks.
“You don’t have to do this,” Dean mumbles, everything in his mind is still stuck in the haze of Castiel’s grace. “Unless you want to. But you never want to.”
Beside her, Jack is quietly begging Sam to stop, asking someone to make this end. Ruby puts her hand on his back, “I’ll try.”
“Yeah, free will incarnate or something. That’s you. And you used that free will to fall, lose your grace, for Dean Winchester. Of all people. Couldn’t you pick someone a little less…I don’t know…fucked in the head?” Chuck leans back, struggling against Castiel, managing to turn himself around, so that he’s facing Castiel. “I can’t control you but at least now it will be real easy to kill you.”
“What? No, it’s not that. It’s not you,” Castiel turns his face up to hers. “It’s just—what’s your real name?”
With the rain running into his mouth, he pulls Dean’s face away from their kiss, cupping Dean’s chin against his fingers. Dean sits up, lets his hands move down Castiel, tracing down the reddish-pink scabs until they end, along the edges of Castiel’s hips. “I hurt you. I fucked up and took too much, and now I hurt you.” Dean moves backward, onto Castiel’s legs.
“What are you?” Dean says again, his soul falling against Castiel. Castiel is safe and warm and this is the first time in 40 Hell years, that Dean isn’t worried about being ripped to shreds by a monster. “Can you really save me?”
“Did someone hurt you? Betray you?” She twists dark red strands of hair around her finger. “That’s why people come here, usually. Because they’ve been hurt, because they need someone to—comfort them, I guess.”
Last night on Earth. And this is the last place he wants to be.  “You can have the money,” Castiel says. “We don’t have to do anything.”
“I’ll do whatever you want me to do.” Castiel runs his hand down Dean’s shoulder, across the flesh he’d once branded as his own, down the black ink of Dean’s anti-possession tattoo, down skin covered with bruises and scars and scabs. His fingers stumble past the button on Dean’s jeans, through a light trail of hair, pulling at a band of elastic that he twists around, and over the edge of Dean’s pants.
“What choice do I have? Jack’s human. There’s no other way.” I reach forward and pull at the sleeve of her jacket. She doesn’t need to know, but I’ve wanted this for months now. Ever since Chuck raised the dead, ever since Belphegor took over Jack’s corpse, and I realized that wanted to drain every drop of demon blood from his body.
Sam knows that this is probably a mistake. That this probably won’t end well. That this is all his fault. He had told Eileen to meet him here, in this park, because he knew there would be too many people here—walking, jogging, playing—for her to really rip him apart. Even though he knows that’s really what he deserves, after all this.
“Maybe the same reason you ran from yours.” Dean has barely spoken, to Sam, to anyone, about the years he spent alone with John Winchester. The years when Sam was at Stanford, and Dean tried to do anything, everything that John wanted. The years that Dean had wished over and over that he wasn’t too old to be thrown in some home for wayward kids, because anything that let him escape from John would have been better the nights he’d spent being told he was nothing, no one, but a killer. That he’d live and die alone, die a hunter. “He fucked with my head a lot. But I would still do anything, you know, for his approval.”
“I have reason to believe he’s here.” Crowley taps his fingers along the leather of the passenger seat.
Sometimes, Sam waits for some kind of confession from Dean. An acknowledgment of what Sam already knows. Because, this, all the pretend-denial and all the lies about all-night movie marathons when Castiel stumbles out of Dean’s room at eight in the morning, feels like a betrayal. Like Dean believes Sam’s reaction would be something other than relief. Relief that, finally, Dean has something, someone he deserves. Relief that, finally, maybe, Dean isn’t about to lose his mind.
He falls forward onto Dean, onto Dean’s chest. The feeling of Castiel, releasing himself, is overwhelming. “Cas, God...fuck,” Dean muffles his words in Castiel’s hair.
She signs, “thank you” and sits down beside him, placing her bag down on the ground. She leans her head on his shoulder, “I missed you.”
“Take what you want. Take it all. It doesn’t even matter,” Castiel says. “Or do you mean something other than taking my grace? Do you mean you want to stop the other things you do to me?”
He slides off Castiel’s body, dragging Castiel up toward him, letting his lips linger on Castiel’s. And this is all he wants, all he’s wanted for so long, but he’s trembling, against Castiel. And he’s done this so many times before, with so many people, and he’d let them use him. Let them misuse him, but this is different.
And Sam knows, this is what he was always supposed to become, and that he’d only held himself together all these years, because Chuck was the one making sure he didn’t fall apart.
“I couldn’t care less about Chuck, or whatever he calls himself. He has no power here. And Jack, you can have Jack, this is his fault anyway. As soon as he got back here, I locked him away in the darkest, deepest place here, with his Dad. You know, I thought he might enjoy the reunion.” It presses itself back against its throne, hovering amid darkness, crosses one leg over the other. “But Jack’s grace…is more powerful than anything, and I want it, to make everything quiet, so that I can finally sleep. But without it, without Jack’s powers, you’ll never defeat Chuck, and your world will end. But you can have your poor mostly dead angel back for whatever time Chuck will give you. But he’ll be nothing, just a weak, pathetic human, like you. Jack too.”
“I’m not going to…I wouldn’t hurt you.” Castiel cuts along his throat with the edge of the blade, just enough for the wound to bleed a glowing stream of grace. “It will make you feel different. It will heal you, make you feel better.”
Sam pulls Dean’s head back, tilts his face up toward the crimson horizon. “Kill Cas, and Chuck will bring everyone, Eileen, back,” Sam presses Dean’s gun into his palm. “Do it, for me, because you made me into the hunter I never wanted to be. So kill him, so I can have Eileen, so I can finally have what I deserve.”
Everything it says, I know it’s right. I know Dean never felt the same way. He’d spent half of the past year blaming me for everything, everything that went wrong. And I never really cared that he didn’t feel the same way, until now, until here. Now there’s a feeling inside me, that hates myself, that wants to know how I could possibly think there was ever a chance he might want me, the way I wanted him. That hates myself for all the nights I watched him as he slept, hates myself for all the things I thought about doing to him in every disgusting, dirty motel room we ever shared.
Sam is almost relieved, as he says, “If we win, somehow…if we survive….and if we bring everyone back, if we bring Eileen back, I’m out. For good. I’m done. Let someone else fight the vampires and the ghouls. Because I know that, if I don’t get out now, I never will, and I’m not dying for this. And you shouldn’t either.”
All of this, Castiel’s touch, Castiel’s lips against him, it makes Dean forget about the dead bodies, the remnants of Hell that still live within him, the cries of the people he couldn’t save. It makes him forget about how he wants to run, run from this life where he’s always been the sacrifice. “Why did you ever say no, if that’s what you wanted?”
Be normal. Just talk to them. Castiel repeats Dean’s words to himself, even though he doesn’t know really know what those words mean. He shouldn’t be here, pretending to be someone he never was. He shouldn’t be here, pretending to be someone he can never really be. In someone else’s clothes, someone else’s fake life. He leans back, in a chair in a windowless room, listening to the promises of the woman who had led him in here, after he had told her that he needed this, that his friend told him to come here. But that’s as far as his brain had written the story he’d come up with on his way here, the lies he was supposed to tell to figure out if something more, something sinister, is going on here.
Dean finds his jacket, thrown on the floor beside Sam’s shoes and an empty paper coffee cup, shoves his wallet from the nightstand into the pocket of his jeans. “I’m going to go out for a while, to take a walk, or something.”
And Dean takes more and more because he can, because Castiel lets him. Because Castiel leans back, stares up at the ceiling, and groans Dean’s name into the air. Because he pushes Dean’s mouth against him, and Dean holds his hands down into the bed.
“I guess that’s something we have to work on together, because I don’t either,” Castiel takes a bite of the sandwich; there’s too much jelly and it drips down, out of the bread, onto the plate.
Even in the center of Hell, Dean’s soul fights, fights for humanity,  but it’s covered in the scars of being torn apart and it’s damaged beyond repair. Castiel pulls Dean up, pulls Dean against him, and he knows that he needs to get Dean out of here, away from this. Even if it costs him everything.
It’s a land so beyond damned, so beyond the realms of anything holy, that the heat, the inferno ceases to exist. Its halls are lined with cracking ice, encasing the writhing souls of the treacherous, trapped for eternity.
“In the car last night—this morning—you said you wanted to run away from your father. You said you wanted to run away here, because it would be hard to find you. Why did you want to come here?” Castiel folds the napkin that’s crumbled on the table in front of him into shrinking triangles.
Dean’s body is still wet with Castiel’s saliva, and he pulls Castiel back down onto the floor. Castiel sits, in the middle of Dean’s legs, moves his fingers down Dean’s chest and over his stomach, between and through his legs. Dean groans, his body squirms under Castiel’s hands, squirms from the feeling of Castiel’s fingertips pressing up against his insides.
“What if I make you, what if it’s what you need to do, to get me to help you? To stop your Apocalypse?” Dean lifts his head off the bed, just enough so that his tongue scrapes against Castiel’s neck, across the newly-healed flesh, across the spot where Dean had drained him only moments before.
“I don’t know.” Castiel watches the way the glare of the streetlamps flows through the window, casting streams of light across Dean’s face. “I hardly know anything. I just know you’re the only one who can save us.”
“But you were, and Dean, he ruined all that for you. If you come with me though, after I’m done here, we can go to the Empty, get your grace back…destroy this world and start all over. We can create worlds together, Jack. Worlds better than this one. I’m over this world. I’m over Sam and Dean. I’m over what’s going on behind those closed doors right now.”
Dean starts to close the door, but Castiel calls him back, without thinking about why. Dean locks the door behind him. He stands there, listening to the sound of the rushing water, staring at his reflection in the mirror, at the reddish-blue circles underneath his eyes, at a reflection that’s worn, exhausted, done.
Someone knocks on the door, and Castiel just says “Come in.” He’s sure it’s Jack, Jack coming to talk about being newly human, newly graceless, newly useless.
“You have no power in the Empty,” Ruby steps toward Chuck. “I was there for a long time, and the Empty doesn’t care about you.”
Castiel knows he should be disgusted, condemned, for doing this. But he tilts his head against the wall, only enough to let him keep his eyes on Dean, Dean’s shoulder blades, the outline of Dean’s spine, the way Lisa’s fingers move down Dean’s back, lower and lower, until they’re almost spreading him apart from behind.
Sam doesn’t respond, not for a long time. He checks his phone three times. He pours a glass of whiskey. “So, what….Cas had a moment of happiness while being chased by Death?”
“I don’t know. Do you want to talk about Cas?” Sam pulls blades of grass out of the ground and throws them down on the street. “About the fact that he’s human….?”
And this is the kind of misery that Sam longs for, when it’s two in the morning and he can’t sleep and all he can think about is how good it feels, when he gives in. When Dean is God-knows-where with Castiel doing God-knows-what, and Sam abandons some motel room to summon whatever it is he needs. This, this is the kind of misery that Sam knows he deserves, that Dean deserves—the misery of being normal.
“Yes,” Castiel lets her pull him against her. Her mascara is smeared, leaving black flecks dotted under her eyes. One of her earrings is falling out, dangling from her earlobe. Her neck is covered in red reminders of someone else’s mouth. Castiel considers, healing her, but he knows, he’ll only ruin his chance to get the hell out of here.
“Moose.” Crowley slides the van door open. “I didn’t know you had turned into a suburban soccer mom. But I’m not surprised. You have the hair.”
“Don’t do this, Sam. Don’t make Dean do this. You know this isn’t you. Don’t let God have his way,” Ruby tries to pull herself away from Chuck, and she can feel something, something changing, in his grip.
Castiel can taste the lipstick all over his mouth. He can’t remember what she said her name was, but he lets her kiss him, lets her loosen his tie, lets her unbutton his shirt, lets her run her hands through his hair, down his neck. He can tell she wants this just as much as he does. Or maybe even less.
Dean is sure that Cas really didn’t believe him, when Dean had finally been able to reciprocate, confess, tell him what he probably should have told him years ago. And Dean doesn’t know if what Cas feels is the same, because he doesn’t know if angels—even newly former angels—could ever feel this sense of emptiness, longing, for something, someone.
“Why? Because I’m not Dean Winchester?” Crowley steps backward. “Seems like Dean’s moved on from you.”
Right now, the confusion of this, of being human, is overwhelming to Castiel. Because Castiel understands now, the desire, the need, the feelings that have plagued him since he’d dragged Dean out of Hell. And he understands now, that the things he did, as an angel, for Dean, with Dean, were never out of duty or obligation.
Dean leans back in his seat, and runs his hand along his shoulder, pulling back the fabric of his robe just enough for Sam to see the pattern of red marks, bite marks, or something, that cut across Dean’s skin. And he’s tired, of feigning ignorance or obliviousness, of the all the things he’s heard and all the things he’s seen, and all the things he knows and all the things he lets Dean and Castiel believe are unknown. “You know, you should take Cas. I’m going to stay here. I need to keep looking for Lucifer.”
“No angels, no demons? No constant apocalypses?” Dean doesn’t know if he can imagine a world where he can close his eyes at night without being haunted by a thousand ghosts, without thinking about who needs him, without thinking about who’s dying without him. “What about Ruby? She’s still here.”
“Why would I listen to you, Castiel? Look at you. You’re nothing, nobody.” Chuck laughs. “You were always a nobody. Even in Heaven. But, I guess, now you don’t even have the whole angel thing going for you. Why should I care what you want?”
There were some things, the toy soldiers that Sam had crammed into the ash tray, the Legos that Dean had shoved into the air conditioner vents, that were a part of the car now, its soul, its engine. Those things, they’ll be a part of this car until it’s nothing but impounded steel, someday. But this, this, Dean had kept shoved in the glove compartment for the past few months, and he wants it gone. Because it would always be there, reminding him, of everything he was always told he had to be, of everything he was always told he had to do.
Dean pushes a grease-stained paper dish to the edge of the table, pushes the stack of brown folders toward a jammed napkin holder and a saltshaker crusted with white crystals. And he tries to convince himself that this is really just some sick son-of-a-bitch. That maybe there’s nothing, nothing here, in this bent-at-the-edges pile of typed reports and scribbled notes, that means this is a case. Nothing for them to hunt, no reason for him, no reason for Castiel, to do anything here, other than sit at this table, at this almost-crowded pizza place. No reason for them to do anything than vanish into this island of vast congestion, for days, forever.
Lucifer is here. Lucifer is possessing the body of Ethan Burke, chairman and CEO of Babylon National Bank. Billionaire. Number Sixteen on the Forbes Richest People List. Or something like that. Whatever Crowley had told him.
The army of angels is still slaughtering, being slaughtered by, an assault by the fallen, Lucifer’s own hordes. But Castiel doesn’t falter among the dead, among the divine combat that spills across every inch of Hell now. Because raising Dean, breaking Dean free from this, isn’t for Heaven or God anymore.
Castiel’s shoulders are still wet with Dean’s saliva. There are teeth marks on Castiel’s back, evidence of Dean’s attempt to silence himself as he finished.
I tell myself that I’m doing this for Eileen. For Donna and Jodi and Charlie and Claire and Bobby, and everyone else. That it’s all fine, because – in the end - I’ll be the one who saves this world from God. And maybe then we’ll all be free, finally.
She leans against me, closes her eyes. She’s so warm and or the first time ever, I’m terrified. I’m terrified of being here forever, of what the Empty and all the angels and demons will do when everyone finally knows, why I rebelled over and over for Dean.
The other things, the things Dean did high on Castiel’s grace. The things Dean would tell Castiel had to stay secret, between them. The things Dean would do to him, that Castiel was terrified to reciprocate. The things Dean said he did, in exchange for draining Castiel to the verge of feeling emotion, weakness, need.
“About what? About your occasional summoning of one of my demons to help feed the addiction you never really got over?  The one you hide from your brother? Yeah, I know all about it. Not the kind of thing that doesn’t get around to the King of Hell.”
“I can’t keep doing this,” Castiel’s fingers wrap around Dean’s wrist, trying to create some kind of distance between them, trying not to succeed. “I can’t keep giving you my grace.”
“I came to talk to you, make you an offer.” Chuck folds his arms across his chest. If I had my grace, my powers, I’d smite him right now.
Whatever he and Dean had, he wonders if it’s gone now. The nights he’d let Dean have too much of his grace, his vessel weak, struggling, while Dean slept beside him. The nights when half their clothes lay strewn across the floor of some motel room, and the other half pretended to be a barrier to parts of their bodies they let each other touch anyway.  The nights when Dean would slip his tongue into Castiel’s mouth, when Castiel would tell Dean he couldn’t, wouldn’t go any further, because what they were doing was already heresy. The drunken blow job Dean had given him, in some abandoned house, somewhere in Maine, because Castiel had been sure, that it was going to be his last night on Earth, that Raphael was going to destroy him, and that he’d never have to face anything ever again.
And when Dean is asleep, Castiel doesn’t move, even though he could slip away, anywhere else. He could vanish, to some other corner of the Earth and Dean would never know. But there’s nowhere else, that Castiel would feel like this. Nowhere else where he can close his eyes, and pray to a God he knows long deserted everything, pray that Heaven would just release him forever. Pray that he could fully belong here, fully belong to Dean.
Dean has barely said anything to him, even after Castiel had finally regained some kind of consciousness in the back of the Impala on the way to the Bunker. His last words to Dean, his confession, he was only able to get the words out he’d been trying to say for maybe a decade because he thought it was good-bye, forever.
Underneath Dean, Castiel has never felt so close to telling Dean to destroy everything inside him created by God. He’s never felt so close to tearing his own wounds open, draining his own grace dry, so he could be something, someone else. But that’s not what Dean wants. Dean wants a warrior, a soldier, to fight this Apocalypse with him. And Castiel is afraid, that all of this will end, if he’s not what, or who, Dean wants.
But on the elevator, when Crowley hits the button for the sixteenth floor, Sam can smell it, the demon blood, everything he wishes he didn’t need. And he tells himself he can resist, because he has to, because he always does, because he’s been fighting against what he knows is still inside him, for years. He lets the television screen that’s bolted to the metal wall distract him. He lets the pounding in his brain focus on the scrolling stock ticker, the illuminated drawings of the sun half-hidden behind clouds, the temperature predictions for the next 5 days.
Castiel lifts the body off the ground, letting it fall over his shoulder, the ties of the garbage bag full of whatever proof of Dean had been left here, in Lisa’s house, wrapped around his wrist, and he closes his eyes. He lands on the frozen shores of a vacant island somewhere along the Arctic Circle.
“We’ve had some similar—identical cases in other states.” Castiel’s eyes drift to the wedding photo on the mantle above a fireplace, a centerpiece to class photos of a son and daughter, emblazoned with names, years, grades. David, 2016, 9th Grade, Kristin, 2016, 12th Grade. There’s a painting on the wall of a horse running through a meadow. A vase full of fake yellow and white roses on the coffee table rests crookedly on a pile of mail. The kinds of things he sees in the houses of every family marred by some supernatural tragedy, the kinds of things he sees every time he goes along with Sam and Dean’s act. The kinds of things that don’t really matter, when some monster has ripped apart your husband or father.
The ground crumbles, as Castiel makes his way out of the rift, and into the dark midnight of a forest in Pontiac, Illinois. A makeshift grave marker is knocked on its side, mangled remains exposed to the air. Beneath a sky reflecting the reddish glow of an exposed underworld, Castiel kneels, resting Dean’s soul against the bones and mutilated flesh.
“I was following the reapers,” Castiel lets himself fall against Dean’s hands. “Lucifer found me, trapped me. I’m sorry, Dean. I’m sorry about Jo, and Ellen. I’m sorry.”
Dean twists his fingers in Castiel’s hair, pulling Castiel’s head down onto his shoulder. He moves his hand up Castiel’s throat, wrapping his other hand around it. Dean turns his face into Castiel’s, running his tongue along his jaw, down his neck, tugging harder on his hair. Dean’s fingers trail along Castiel’s chin. He leans further back into Dean, sliding down him just enough to let Dean press his lips into his. Dean’s hand drops from Castiel’s hair, down his back, between his legs.
“Why are you doing this? Why are you helping me?” he asks. “Are you working with Chuck? What’s in this for you?”
He closes his eyes, and tries to imagine what it would be like, to be free from this forever. To have some boring job. To live somewhere besides an underground bunker. To be free of the constant dreams of the apocalypse and Hell. But he knows that he probably won’t even survive the next few days and, all of this, is just bullshit Dean Winchester will never have, never deserve.
Sam’s voice is distant over a bad cell phone connection, but Dean understands every word he’s saying. The spell, the one that caused the angels to fall, its irreversible. There’s no going back. And Dean knows he can’t tell Castiel that all of the damage, all of the destruction, that Castiel brought upon Heaven, is eternal.
Castiel leans forward, his hands around Dean’s lower back, pulling him between his knees. He presses his face into Dean’s hips, moving his tongue along where Dean’s thighs meet his pelvis. His forehead against Dean’s stomach, he stops, because he doesn’t know what he’s doing, because he can tell how much Dean needs this, because he can still feel Dean’s mouth, the way Dean swallowed him down last night, and he’s afraid he’ll fail at this, like he failed at being an angel, like he’s failed at everything.
“Actually, no. Not really,” Dean lays down on the ground, his head against Castiel’s shoe, and he reaches up, wraps his fingers around Castiel’s ankle. “You are pretty fucked up.”
Castiel lets his eyes follow Dean’s as he takes him by the shoulders, as he turns him so that Dean’s back is pressed against his chest, so that Castiel can slide himself down the wall to the floor, dragging Dean with him, down into the center of his legs. “Show me what you want,” Castiel says, into the back of Dean’s neck.
And Dean is tired of late-night wound-supply shopping. Tired of buying gauze and medical tape and bandages. Things he’s been buying since he was seven, maybe eight, years-old, to clean his father up when he’d come back, bloody and broken, from some hunt. Things normal people don’t buy at almost midnight.
“Should we, I don’t know, say something while we do this?” Castiel throws another match onto the ground, as the flames stray in the wind. “It seems like we should say something, maybe.”
Dean bends down next to the olive green sleeping bag and drops the pre-packaged sandwich and bottle of water next to an arm covered in fading tattoos. The man squints up at Dean, the light from the storefront settling in the lines in the corners of his eyes. “You must be an angel.”
Against the twilight, Sam opens his eyes. He can’t remember anything, how he got here, why his entire body hurts, or why the air smells like burnt decay. “Dean, what the hell happened?”
Castiel pulls Dean’s head backward, by his hair, by his scalp. And in the almost-darkness, in the faint glare of motel-parking-lot lights somewhere outside, Castiel watches the way Dean’s lips struggle for air, watches the way Dean’s eyes never stray away from his own. Castiel lifts his mouth to Dean’s. “You really want this, you really want me to do this?”
“Fuck God.” I drag my tie off my neck and pull him away from the wall. I knot the material around his head, gagging his mouth. He lets out a muffled sound and moves his fingers up my face and between my teeth, until I grasp his hands, turn him around, and guide him forward.
Sam turns to her, resting his elbow on the car door. “Yeah. Dean and I, we need, I don’t know, some kind of closure. And this, this will be the end of everything that has tied us to this life. The end of…the road, the end of our roadmap, I guess.”'
I’m lying in a void, in desolation, and every part of me wants to regret this, this eternal damnation. But I saved him, I saved Dean.
Castiel shuts his eyes and says, “I should leave. I’m useless like this. Chuck always told me I wasn’t supposed to be part of the story.”
But the way she says his name in the vacant office air, the way she her heels sound against the worn-thin rug, it makes him realize that he doesn’t really believe he has anything to apologize for. He deserves all of this, everything he wants, everyone he wants.
Maybe nothing about this should feel okay, or right, and maybe Castiel should pretend he doesn’t know why the receptionist didn’t ask Dean if he wanted two rooms, or two beds. And maybe he shouldn’t have thrown his trenchcoat and suit jacket and tie onto the rug somewhere by the door. And maybe he should move over as Dean lays down on the bed next to him, as Dean’s arm rests on top of his. Instead, Castiel closes his eyes, and he wonders, if this is what it would be like, always, if Dean felt the same things, the same way, about all of this.
Castiel’s lips fall open just enough to let Dean’s tongue slide through and the chain rattles in between their bodies. He swallows against the feeling of the leather collar, tight around his throat. “What do you want, Dean?”
At the foot of Dean’s bed, Ruby says, “There’s something wrong with Sam. And it’s not just the demon blood this time.”
“This is more important to Dean than it is to me,” Sam presses his head into the window. “I got away, once, from this. I think that I know how to live without hunting. Without monsters. But Dean, Dean never knew anything else. And he wants to do this, so I’m doing it.”
And Dean tries to accept that this, this life, is just how it was always supposed to be for him, how it would always be—that his father wanted him to pick up where he left off, saving people, hunting things, the family business, something like that, whatever that means anymore. That it’s always been his fate, to die a hunter, to die at the hands of some monster, even at the hands of a monster that turned out to be God himself. But lying alone, in the middle of a discarded Earth, he knows this isn’t all there is for him. That he could have been, could be, so much more than Daddy’s blunt instrument.
