“Umm, yes?” Castiel answered, after a moment of confused hesitation. He wasn’t sure how that spell was connected to the candy to be passed out to children that was currently sitting in his lap, but after knowing Dean for this long he knew to not bother asking questions, because the hunter would probably just make it even more confusing.
“Thanks,” Dean said as he stood up, then turned off the record player. “You staying for it, or you off on some new case?” He had to hold back just how much he wanted the angel to stay, how much he wished Cas would stay in the bunker all the time so Dean could see him more often, and maybe, eventually be able to tell him the secret, that he was in love with the dork. But yeah, that one definitely stays hidden for as long as he possibly can, because Cas probably doesn’t even like him back. The dude’s an angel, do they really even consider humans as potential romantic partners? Or do they even have a sense of romance? Was Cas even emotionally capable of feeling the same way as Dean did? Inter-species dating had seemed like no big deal at all when Charlie had been dating that faerie, even though it hadn’t really lasted all that long. Maybe something like that was why.
“Well shit,” Dean said, finally catching up. “I’m with Cas now, man. You seriously need to stop all of this. I’m not dumping him any time soon, and it sure as hell won’t be for you, Crowley.” Dean finally looked properly upset for the circumstances, and Castiel was the one who got to smile smugly now. Finally.
Dean paused for just a moment, before thrusting even harder than before, bringing them both together, so close. Just as Castiel felt he was about to burst, Dean arched himself up, shouting as he came, “Love you so fucking much, Cas!” The confession was more than Castiel had ever imagined, and he felt himself fall apart in Dean’s lap as the orgasm racked through his body, the connection between his grace and Dean’s soul shivering in a sort of completion, almost.
“So this is really your first time celebrating Thanksgiving?” Mrs. Butters asked Cas conversationally.
Dean had started things, with a quick grab of Cas' closest ass cheek through his pj pants. The grab led into a bit of light kneading, and the Netflix portion of the evening had definitely concluded. Cas reached a hand to pull Dean's face close for a kiss, and it only stayed pg-rated for about four seconds, then quickly went pg-13, R, NC-17, and ended somewhere around desperate frottage on what amounted to the family couch.
“What’d you wish for, Dean?” Jack asked, staring down at his smaller bone fragment with curiosity.
“I love you, Dean,” Cas reminded him, as if he even needed to at this point. “And I most likely disagree with almost everything your father said or did with you two, but this one I know for certain that he couldn’t have been more wrong in his opinion.”
Meg let out a wolf whistle before looking back through the doorway. “And he is gonna freaking destroy you, Clarence,” she teased. They’d been working together long enough for him to know that this kind of teasing meant that she actually liked him, no matter how annoying the nickname was.
Remembering the jokes about school girls and tentacles that Sam had made a few times over the years, Castiel wasn’t certain that it’d be an introduction he’d enjoy very much. But he didn’t tell this to Dean, because he’d just felt the zipper on his pants being pulled down by the hunter’s deft fingers. There’d be plenty of time later for conversation. Hopefully, Jack knew enough to warn Sam away from the television room, because it only took a few more moments for it to turn into something he would really not enjoy walking in on. Especially when Dean…
“I’m gonna really miss this place too, Cas,” Dean said softly, once he could properly breathe again. “We’ll just have to drag those two home from college whenever we can, to make new hilarious memories at the new place.”
"That better not end up on any porn sites," he mumbled sleepily, never truly awake until his second cup of coffee.
Cas took the momentary slip up to assert his own dominance on top of the hunter. "And I love fucking you senseless too, but I have the bottle." Without waiting for a response, Cas lubed his fingers up.
Dean felt Cas’ foot brush against his every so often during dinner, and Dean definitely enjoyed every moment of accidental footsie he could get. And it seemed like the eye contact was even more intense than usual, and he couldn’t help but wonder if something was up, even though he definitely wasn’t complaining.
“There’s,” Dean started to say, before gasping in pleasure as they slid together just right. “There's lube in the glove box,” he muttered, even though he was grinding into Castiel even more desperately.
“If that’s what you really wanted,” Cas said, and even though he was still facing away from Dean, it was like that eyebrow still had an effect on him.
Castiel laid his forehead against Deans and pecked a kiss on his nose. “And this was perfect.”
Castiel tilted his head to the side in confusion for a few seconds, before he caught up with what exactly Dean was asking him. “Well, with most people the grace goes where the body knows that it’s needed. The human body knows itself a lot better than I ever could, so it directs my power as necessary.”
“Stanford? Really?” Castiel asked, impressed.
Dean yelling at Castiel about his plans with Metatron, after having found the no-longer-angel dead in April's apartment, leads to an accidental confession.
And the two just smiled at each other as the chuckles died down, before Dean let out a sharp gasp as his body started to feel weird. It was like the tingling from before, only this time there was some pain attached. “Cas,” he stuttered, as the angel came over to hold him. “What’s…” Dean didn’t have time to finish his question before there were multiple ripping sounds, and moments of stinging pain.
Castiel laughed at the mental image. “Agreed, because I’m rather possessive of that ass. I claimed it, and it’s mine. And you know how bad I am at sharing.” He raised a single eyebrow at Dean, what his fiance had always referred to as his ‘dom brow’, and felt proud of himself when Dean still blushed just as deeply as he always did.
“I think I can live with that,” Cas said, pushing himself against the proof of Dean’s rapidly growing interest.
He picked up one of the pieces of cloth to get a closer look, but still couldn’t figure out what it was. So he reached for the note instead. His face slowly became more horrified as he read it, and when he was finished he ran to the bathroom and scrambled into the shower, scrubbing like his life depended on it.
“My dad wasn’t actually homophobic or anything, but straight was always the default, especially back then. I was curious, but I never actually explored anything, you know?” Dean shrugged his shoulders, not sure how else to explain that part.
Dean’s shoulders slumped. “I know that, too, but shit, the way he talked when you weren’t around, it really got to me, you know?” Dean then unceremoniously sat down, because this might take a while. Especially since both Sam and feelings were involved. And words to express feelings. Ugh.
Cas rolled his eyes again, then started digging. Dean had been right, and the angel was both digging faster than he had, and wasn’t getting obviously tired yet, either. Dean sat down in the grass to watch, wishing he had a drink and maybe a tub of popcorn right about now. Cas might actually kill him for that one, though, so he just sat silently and watched.
Sam and Cas didn’t even glance up when Dean returned, but that was probably a good thing, since the more boring book research the better right now. He booted the computer up, and opened the browser quickly, trying to not see or even think about the picture of the large chested woman wearing a skimpy bikini he used as a wallpaper. He didn’t want to think about Busty Asian Beauties right now, or possibly ever again. And he really, really, really didn’t want to think about the fact that he was pretty sure that, right now, his chest was bigger than hers.
"He's good at best," Cas replied, not caring how petty he sounded at this point. "And he's not even attractive enough to make up for the slack."
A few minutes, and two cups of coffee from the food venders in hand, later, Dean walked up to Cas’ booth, feeling a fair bit better, and hopefully nowhere near as awkward. “Didn’t know how you took your coffee, so I grabbed a bit of everything,” he explained as he held one of the cups out to Cas. “Or if you even wanted coffee, for that matter. If not, I can drink it myself.” Once again, feeling all of sixteen, Dean actually had to stop himself from babbling. Did this guy somehow manage to get hotter while he was gone?
“It was beautiful,” Castiel said, not sure if that was the right ting to say at a time like this, but still wanting to be completely honest. He also didn’t want Dean to feel any shame in his choice in clothing.
The entire tirade, the two had been staring at Jo with surprise, which quickly turned to even more embarrassment as she went on. They looked at each other with wide eyes, then broke apart as if it had all been synchronized. "But Jo," Dean started to say, as Castiel awkwardly tried to fix his messenger bag's strap.
“I know you wouldn’t, Cas, and that’s probably one of the reasons I love you, but, well…” Dean looked down at his current body, at the bumps under his shirt and the strands of hair that had fallen out of his poorly done ponytail that were falling over his small shoulders, the hands in his lap so small and petite compared to the ones he’d seen and barely noticed for most of his life. “I think, if we’re going to do anything,” he said reluctantly, looking back up at Cas so that the angel could see what he meant as he spoke. “If we do anything, I don’t want it to be like this. With me like this. I don’t know how long I’m gonna be stuck as a girl, but I want you, and I want me, to know that this has nothing to do with female hormones or womanly urges or anything like that. I want to look at you as a man, and still love you, still want you, and I want you to look at me as a man when I say it. Does that even make sense?”
“Son of a bitch!” Dean let out, freezing for a second in a way he hadn’t since he was about twelve, then he was pushed to the side as Cas positioned himself in front to defend him. The vamp didn’t have a chance, and his head slid off to the floor before the body even got close to Dean. “Son of a bitch,” Dean muttered, this time aimed at himself.
“What the hell?” Castiel said without thinking, since the pineapple briefs didn’t deserve much more thought than that.
“We can go see a movie?” Cas asked, and Dean could tell that he had researched common date destinations by how proud he looked at suggesting one.
Painting had always been one of Dean’s favorite hobbies. There was nothing more soothing than coming home after a long, tiring day of work, than to pick up a paintbrush and just… create. He especially loved painting animals and wildlife. Even without making them cartoonish, he thought that you could read a lot of emotions and personality in them, given just the right brushstrokes. He loved pretty much every moment of the process, even washing out the brushes at the end of the day.
Dean’s strength may have gone the way of his manly bits, but apparently his new smaller, slimmer size helped up his dexterity. He was having a hard time getting at the neck of the ugly vamp in front of him with his machete, but he was dodging way faster than usual. Less testosterone, but less air resistance, too. Didn’t help much when he got the vamp right in the neck, since he didn’t even freaking hit bone. The frustration was enough to make him fight dirtier than usual, though, and the vamp was on the ground clutching at his groin mere seconds after Dean had kicked, and while it did take a few more swings than usual, and another kick or two to the guy’s side to keep him down, the head finally came off and Dean mentally congratulated himself for a moment. That was just long enough for the third vamp, the other one that Cas had been fighting, to lunge at him.
Castiel smiled at the memory. “I’m still amazed she only ended up in the hospital twice. Thank god it was only a concussion the first time and a broken arm the second.”
"You know what? Who the hell are you to judge such a classic piece of art?" Dean shouted as the bunker door slammed open. "Obviously, angels have shitty taste." The same argument had been going on since they left the theater.
“Love you too, Cas,” Dean mumbled as he pulled his fiance just a little bit closer, held him just a little bit tighter.
“Good, I don’t have to teach you all the stuff you were already supposed to know,” Castiel said with a laugh, though after saying it he crossed his mental fingers that none of his bosses heard that. Insulting the teaching staff at the agency in front of the talent might actually be a fireable offense, and again, Castiel liked being capable of paying his rent.
“Accurate?” Sam asked, slightly smug look on his face.
“Uhh…” Dean’s brain felt broken, and his brain cells seemed to all be jumping ship. “So, you knew I was into you, even though I did everything I could to keep it secret?
Castiel rolled his eyes, but unbuttoned his shirt and it hit the clothes pile a moment later. “Better?” Cas asked, sounding frustrated, which was one of the main reasons Dean had said it in the first place.
“I can't go any further away,” Cas said, struggling anyway despite his words. His hip was pressed against Dean’s, and their arms were already tangled together.
"Good," Castiel declared in triumph. "You woke me up, you deserve it."
“I’d love that,” Castiel said, smiling down at his perfect hunter.
Castiel was still distracted with his not-exactly-kid-friendly thoughts when he heard his name being called. He pushed Claire up to get their ice cream, and was about to start looking for an empty table at the crowded ice cream stand when he saw Dean waving them over.
"I meant every word." Cas trailed his hands down from Dean's hair to rub at his back, relaxing completely at the sound of contentment that Dean couldn't help but let out.
Dean gave him a look that Castiel couldn’t quite decipher, before pulling out a chair from the small table and sitting down. He gestured for Castiel to sit as well, and waited until he was before asking, “Most people? What’s that supposed to mean?”
“‘Gripped me tight and raised me from perdition,’ yeah, I remember that part,” Dean teased. At least that Castiel understood well, since Dean did it so often. He still made a face at the hunter, though, as this was a bit reminiscent of their usual banter.
Taking the look of interest in Dean’s eyes as a good sign, Castiel stepped forward. “Just as all the other pairs were,” he said softly, giving his own lips a quick taste without realizing it.
“Is a lush and a pervert,” Castiel admitted, already knowing the answers as well.
moment for a few more seconds, I can break this thing and escape so I don’t have to listen to it,” Sam said grumpily from the floor, spreading things around the little statue of two people hugging, from what Dean could tell. At least he was going to pretend the statue people were only hugging, since it was his brother that cast the spell.
“So you’re single? And gay?” Dean asked.
Mrs. Butters just laughed. “Oh nonsense,” she said, before waving her hand at the table. “Fae magic did the cooking, so it can do the clean up, as well,” she teased as the mess disappeared before their eyes. “But I made sure to save this,” she added, holding up the thoroughly cleaned wishbone. “It’s a Thanksgiving tradition, after all.”
Dean went back to looking away, this time off into the distance, rubbing at his neck in a nervous gesture that Castiel had only seen a few times before. "Because if you ask out a customer on the clock, or even seriously flirt with them, you get canned faster than you can blink, and I really need this job." He turned back to Castiel finally. "And I never managed to catch you after I'd clocked out. I was kinda hoping you'd catch on by me winking at you all the time…"
As a photographer at a model agency, Castiel has of course has dated some of the talent over the years, but when the newest model, Dean Winchester, steps into his studio, he knows that this time is different because Dean is definitely different.
Sam and Charlie stared at the door, still slightly in shock over the insanity that they just watched, and unfortunately heard.
Dean definitely wasn’t gay, he knew that one for a fact. Women looked too good, felt too good in his arms, for him to be batting for the other team exclusively. But his.. Crush? Attraction? Whatever the hell it was that made him stare at Cas as if looking away was the worst fate imaginable, it was really making him think about things. Things he didn’t really want to be thinking about but wouldn’t get shoved down deep like they were supposed to. Not just about Cas, either. Looking back without his I’m-super-straight glasses on, he could remember seeing guys and thinking that they were attractive the same way he’d look at women, but again, he really, really thought he was as straight as it got, so he just told himself that he was admiring their clothing, or their general sense of style, or their confidence, or something even more ridiculous that would make him laugh now. If he weren’t so messed up about Cas, at least.
Dean stopped his sliding act, an evil smile on his face. “Yeah, we don’t now, do we?”
“Well,” Castiel added with a shrug, trying to come off as slightly less of a mess. He was blurting things left and right today, or at least he was whenever Dean was around, but this response seemed safe.
Dean smiled at this, though with his lips next to Cas' balls, you probably wouldn't have been able to tell. He moved his tongue around in the vacuum he'd created in his mouth, causing the pressure to increase and making Cas let out a whimper of pleasure mixed with a desperate plea.
Cas and his single raised eyebrow stared at him for a little bit longer, before he turned around. Didn’t say anything, just turned around and started digging again. Dean stared at his back, not sure what to do now. Was hauling ass to Mexico and changing his name a possibility? Because that back was inscrutable, even as each muscle flexed as the shovel moved.
This part, though, he didn’t like at all. He once again crinkled his nose in disgust as he set up his booth at the local craft fair. This, this was all Eileen’s fault, both for suggesting it in the first place, and for getting his younger brother/her husband Sam into actually going through with it. He kinda hated them both right now, even if they did make really cute nieces and nephews for him every so often.
Castiel winced at that. “She’s never been very good whenever champagne is involved,” he sighed. “But I’ll make sure to tell my dad about it tomorrow. She never listens to anybody else, and she rarely listens to him, but at least he could try.”
“Dean,” Castiel said sternly, rolling his eyes as Dean let go of his collar and settled back to look more like he was behaving. “I didn’t see a point in recreating your marred flesh, so I didn’t. But that’s not the point.”
There was a quick flash of light, and Dean cursed under his breath. He could've sworn he turned it off before taking the picture. Castiel grumbled, having been awakened against his will when his boyfriend had snapped a damn photo of him with his phone.
Castiel rolled his eyes and sighed. Dean was in one of his goofy, playful moods, and that meant a lot of lame pick up line-sounding comments. As much as he loved the hunter, these were the times he felt embarrassed by him, even if they weren’t in public.
“Much,” he said with a smug smile.
Cas chuckled at his joke, which made Dean smile even more. Too bad Cas was obviously in a relationship. And possibly straight. Damn it.
Dean was leaning back against the arm of the couch, hands over his stomach and dozens of empty wrappers surrounding his feet, as he let out an unhappy sounding groan. Castiel stopped unwrapping his latest Payday bar to see what the matter was.
A feminine voice shouted back, "Went kinda fucked up, Sammy."
“If you could hold off your
Castiel ran his finger up Dean’s wrist, following with his other hand, farther up Dean’s arm. “I know everything about your body, from putting it together,” Castiel said softly, trailing his fingers along Dean’s arm. “At least I thought I knew everything about it, about you,” he trailed off.
Cas slipped his hand into Dean’s and squeezed it reassuringly. “You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to, Dean,” he said softly. “I know we’re together, you know we’re together, Sam knows, and if anything else is too big, we can wait.”
"Well, I'm about to fuck you, aren't I?" Cas sassed back, hunger clouding his eyes. Dean's hand had fallen away from Cas' boxers in the scuffle for top supremacy, so the angel just grabbed both pairs of shorts and pulled them off, the shredded cloth joining the rest of the mess on the floor.
"No fai…" Dean's protest was interrupted as Cas slid his first finger in. "Fuck you," Dean growled, but didn't try to stop Cas as he started to move that finger around in his favorite and most sensitive parts. Instead, he begged. "More," he pleaded, right before Cas found his male g-spot and he saw stars filled with Cas for a beautifully prolonged second.
Dean started to nibble at the lobe of Cas' left ear, knowing full well that it was basically the ultimate shortcut to an extra horny angel of the lord. The keening noise Cas made when he hit just the right spot only once again proved a known fact. Then the hand that snaked down Cas' pj pants to lazily fondle at his testicles sealed the deal.
“Romantically?” Cas asked instead of explaining, and it was Dean’s turn for confusion.
“My brother,” Castiel replied, not having to explain any further, since both of his other older brothers, Michael and Lucifer (despite his name), weren’t troublemakers in the way Gabe was. Assholes, sure, but totally uninterested when it came to pranks.
feel, though?” Dean asked, sounding as hurt as he looked now.
, so Castiel knew it was a lost cause. But it was at least worth a try.
“You’re way sexier than Daphne could ever dream of being,” Dean muttered before kissing Castiel.
"Of course, Dean," Castiel almost stuttered. His bravery, having not yet jumped ship, pushed him to ask, "Wanna start with lunch?"
“You mentioned a motel room?” Cas asked, even though he damn well knew the answer since he’d been reading the text over his shoulder as he wrote it. But Dean just nodded like the idiot he was and speed walked to where he’d parked Baby, harder than he’d ever been in his life. The angel followed at his leisure, and that somehow made Dean want him even more. He was so very fucked.
“Well,” Dean said with a cough, then seemed to finally gather himself together. “These past few months have been the freaking greatest,” he explained, and Castiel nodded along with him. “And I don’t want to ruin a good thing, but, well…” He paused, long enough for Castiel to make impatient go-on motions with his hands. “Well, I know we’re both omegas and all, but, well, I was wondering if maybe you’d want our next night out to be a date night, because I really, really want it to be.”
"Not in those words," Cas said back, stone cold and sharp as a knife. "But yes. I don't think Harrison Ford is attractive."
“I still hate you both right now,” Dean mumbled, knowing full well that Cas could hear every word. Cas just ignored it as he led Dean towards the Impala.
"But…"
Castiel winced when he finally stood in front of the storefront. The place was basically dead. At least if it'd been busy, he could've blended in with the crowd and fawned from afar. Now, pretty much all attention would be on him. Crap. He was about to run and hide in the Game Stop where his friend Charlie worked until later when the mall was busier, when Dean noticed him from behind the counter. Double plus crap.
Castiel opened up the wrapper and popped the piece of chocolate into his mouth. It took a moment for the taste to hit, since he still wasn’t quite used to anything other than the flavor of molecules, but when it did he groaned in delight. It tasted even better than Dean had made it sound. “This one is definitely my favorite,” Castiel declared, because he couldn’t imagine anything tasting better than this candy did.
“Dean,” the girl behind the counter called out to announce his order was ready.
Dean smirked in response. "Really shitty taste," he teased. "You're not even hot for Ford."
date with a guy who said his favorite opera was Fievel Goes West, and I never hear the end of it,” Castiel grumbled, making sure it was loud enough for her to hear very clearly.
“No, I think I need to say this,” Dean tried to explain. “I know all this stuff is in there, but I have to figure it out before I answer you.”
Concern instead of apologies met Dean’s shouting. “Did one of them get you?” His eyes immediately searched every inch of Dean’s visible flesh, trying to find blood or any other type of injury.
“He should’ve known we’d never punish him for something like that,” Castiel said, his finger motioning between the two of them.
“Then yes, I’ll go on a date with you, Dean,” Cas said, amused now.
Dean could only hear “I knew it!” shouted loudly so many times before he legitimately felt like screaming, which was why he and Cas were currently in their little ‘honeymoon’ cottage right now instead of partying with all the people that had been separated from death by them for so very long.
“Thanks,” Dean said, smiling himself now, even though he was still anxious over that damn picture. He grabbed the receipt from Cas’ other hand, and was about to head out to lick his metaphorical embarrassment wounds in peace when Cas grabbed his sleeve, pointing at the piece of paper in his hands.
Dean let out a snort of laughter. “Figured you were a virgin, but I didn’t realize it was this bad.” He stopped moving, until Castiel stopped as well. The angel hoped this wasn’t the end of their sexual encounter. Thankfully, Dean went through only a quick description of how anal sex actually worked in the real world before he was writhing in the seat as they both worked him open.
Through a feat of what had to be inhuman dexterity, Cas managed to close the door behind them while simultaneously ripping both Dean's jacket and flannel shirt off, all without once breaking the frantically savage kiss. The trenchcoat had already pooled itself on the floor, and with some falling buttons and tearing fabric, Cas' suit coat quickly followed.
Feelings. Ugh. They were never Dean’s strong suit. Or at least talking about them. That was one of the great things about Sam: he never really had to say things in words, his brother just knew. A quick, manly hug, a pat on the back, then share a few beers, maybe look up at the sky for a while, and they were good to go. Even when it was literally life or death, the only real difference was a tighter hug, maybe a tear or two if it’s really bad, but even then there was no real real talk of feelings.
“No, I’m pissed!” On any other women, that would’ve been considered a scream, but Dean didn’t have time to debate how feminie or masculine he sounded right now, because he was going full on Chernobyl. “I’m stuck in this stupid body, all skinny and weak, and I’m stuck wearing a damn bra, and I can’t even fight a stupid, piddly little vamp, and now here you are, trying to rescue me like the big damn hero you are,” he ranted, venting every ounce of anger and frustration and confusion that had been building up since that tingly feeling next to that damn dumpster. “I don’t care what I look like, or what’s going on, I am not weak!” The last two words were said the loudest, since they were the most important part of all.
Dean chuckled at the sight of a 6’4" moose scrambling to get out of the room as fast as he could, and Cas joined him. When they were finally alone, after the sound of retreating hoof beats ended, Cas turned to look at Dean. “There was something mentioned about a kiss?”
Tuesday, August 31st
Dean rolled his eyes, until they ended up staring into Cas’. The angel looked confused again, but he could easily tell it was for something different this time. It wasn’t confusion over a spell or its effects, this was the personal issues brand. “What?” Dean asked, frustrated as all get out by now.
“I wasn’t trying to protect you because you’re a girl, Dean,” Cas replied, starting to get agitated himself.
“Okay, what the fuck,” Dean complained loudly. He joined Cas in trying to peel them apart, but absolutely nothing worked. “Seriously?”
"Go!" She yelled, loud enough that they probably heard her in the Rue 21 next door. She smiled as the two all but scrambled out of the store in fear. It was gonna be a bitch to clean up this mess alone, but at least those two dumbasses would finally stop tiptoeing around each other already.
“Fuck yes,” Dean replied, his hands immediately going to Castiel’s erection, which had become much more obvious once it was freed from the tight confines of his pants. “Shit, you’re big,” Dean muttered, but the angel could barely hear him over the loud moan he let out.
“I never once insinuated that you were weak, Dean,” Cas responded, trying to calm down the very, rightly, agitated hunter. “I was trying to help you,” he pointed out.
“Hey, this is your fault,” Dean cheerfully reminded him. “Deal with it.”
“Like a date?”
Castiel swatted the camera away, having only blearily seen his 'artistically nude' body for a few moments. He knew Dean would never do something like that, especially with both a niece and a nephew that had already known how to unlock his phone before learning how to tie their shoes, but it was still nice to see the naked proof. He let out an exaggerated moan and flipped to his side, even going so far as to theatrically shove his pillow over his head. "Five more minutes," he playfully growled from under his hiding place. Once Dean was awake, he was
The small, festively wrapped box sitting in the middle of the command table confused Castiel when he first noticed it. He knew that it wasn’t Sam or Dean’s birthdays, so he couldn’t figure out who the gift might be for. He squinted a little as he moved closer, trying to read the small, neatly written name on the tag.
Ten minutes later, Dean was still grumbling every insult for his brother that he could think of as he walked back to the Impala wearing a now-extra-loose pair of sweatpants and a baggy T-shirt, all (hopefully) hidden by an overly large jacket, topped off with a pair of flip flops twice the size of his new feet, which only seemed to add injury to insult. It took another fifteen minutes in the store's parking lot before he could psych himself up into going in.
“Oh, I’m gonna have to introduce you to the wonders of hentai soon,” Dean said, pulling Castiel into his lap.
“Goodbye,” Castiel whispered as he followed Dean out the door. And even though it was just an inanimate object, it almost felt like the house said goodbye back.
“You guys can stay the night if you want, since it’s so late,” Dean offered, shooting Castiel a quick glance to tell him that this invitation was entirely of the not sexy variety, only the friend kind.
Castiel just smiled and nodded. He kept his fingers crossed mentally, though.
Cas went over to his booth and scribbled a receipt on a piece of paper, before grabbing a bag stuffed to the brim with dark blue sweater. “Here you go,” Cas said with another smile, handing the bag over.
“Ahh, the rabbit that constantly outwits the bald hunter,” Castiel said, now that he actually knew who the character was. Dean smiled in response, so even though it wasn’t a test, the angel definitely felt like he passed.
Castiel thought it was appropriate that they were talking about hellhounds right now, since what he really wanted to do was growl at Crowley until he backed off. Dean wasn’t property that he had to protect, but he was Castiel’s boyfriend, whether the demon liked it or not.
Looking fully proud of himself, Dean described exactly how they’d be faking it, and when the two fell asleep later, they were both wearing contented smiles of the soon to be avenged.
“And, umm… I thought maybe you’d want this, too?” Cas asked, turning shades of red that Dean hadn’t known existed outside of a tube of paint.
“Yes, I understand that, Dean, but why is it important? And what does it have to do with all this children’s candy?” Castiel held up the bag in his lap questioningly.
The photographer coughed before speaking, in hopes that he might not squeak. He’d dated the talent before, sure, but only the ones that had come onto him first. He never wanted to be that sleazy jerk who lured models to his bedroom in hopes of getting better gigs. “You can call me Cas,” he finally stuttered out. Dean didn’t seem to notice his nervousness thanks to his own anxiety, which was now another thing Castiel was thankful for today. “The company told me the poses they wanted for this shoot,” he started to explain.
“It’s okay, Dean,” Castiel said, kissing him lightly once again. “But now that you’re aware that they are, try and not encourage them. I don’t want to have to fight off any more men like Crowley who think they can take you from me.” Castiel made a grumpy face, knowing that it would cheer Dean up, as well as express how annoyed he was at Crowley.
“Hence why there is revenge to be had,” Dean said as he set the first steaming pizza on a hot pad next to the oven. The second one quickly followed, and there was no more discussion of anything pineapple scented or dumb older brother shaped as all three of them tore into the food like they hadn’t eaten in a week. It wasn’t their fault, though, since everybody knew that Dean made the absolute best pizza in the universe.
Dean rolled his eyes, since this was definitely the lamest excuse yet for Cas’ leaning habit. “Have you maybe tried just not moving closer?” Dean asked sarcastically, trying his absolute hardest to ignore his little brother’s mostly silent giggles from the other side of the motel room.
“Wait, beautiful?” Dean asked, confusion helping to lessen his blush, but not by much. “What do you mean…” The hunter’s words trailed off when he caught sight of the very obvious tent in Castiel’s black slacks. His eyes widened and he licked at his lips, making Castiel’s erection push even more insistently at his zipper.
Castiel started nodding, while remembering the month it took him to get his hands on a record player, just so that he could listen to all the albums that Dean had suggested and that he'd, of course, bought. "Yeah, definitely great." Dean's smile, which was obviously real since nobody's customer service faces were that authentic looking, made a little shiver go down Castiel's spine.
“They were really interesting, though. And I did really enjoy David Attenborough narrating them,” Jack pointed out, but Dean playfully ignored it.
Dean just ignored the threat of death, or at least sleeping on the couch for a while, in Cas’ voice. Instead, he looked excitedly over at him. “I figured it out,” he boasted.
It had been lots of tears and hugs and hesitant kisses then not so hesitant kisses then wild sex when Dean had first arrived, then more tears as they met back up with their deceased friends (after multiple showers, since they insisted on taking them, together) Of course, it was a full on chick flick drama cry fest when Sam had finally shown up having thankfully lived a long and white picket fence-y life with Eileen as he’d always wanted, then a bunch more tears when she’d popped in what only felt like a few hours, but was really almost five years, later. As exhausting as the waterworks had felt, even though they were all kind of technically dead (not counting any angels and/or nephilim that had been involved in any of this), the most annoying part for Dean was the looks everybody gave him and Cas. The knowing looks. The I told you so looks. Especially from Sam.
“This one,” Dean said, nodding in the direction of the little blonde girl who looked as if she’d washed her face in hot fudge, “came along, and things were a little better, but by the time that second test said positive, he had the nasty habit of hanging out at the bar every night. One screaming fight too many, and I up and left him. I wasn’t going to give him the chance to get to the violent-drunk stage, like my dad did after my mom died. My brother helped set me up in a nice place, little Ben here was born safely, though with a father that didn’t want anything to do with him, but I figure I came out pretty damn good at the end, so.” He finished his epic story with a shrug.
“No worries, Cas,” Dean finally said with a chuckle. “Happy to be of service.”
“Eh, I can just buy one later,” Dean said, though Castiel could tell that he was still definitely disappointed. They stood there awkwardly for a few moments, before Dean abruptly changed the subject. “How does that work, anyway? Your angel mojo healing trick?”
“Yes,” Castiel finally answered. “I’m good. Let’s go.”
He didn’t have to ask that twice. Awkwardly, but with help from Dean, he slid in, feeling pleasure that even their earlier frottage session hadn’t come close to. Castiel couldn’t form words, so he just let out a debauched moan instead.
“Oh?” Cas said, intrigued now that he knew what the hell Dean had been going on about.
“If he knew, don’t you think he’d clue us in?” Dean defended Cas immediately.
"Well, I'm off after those last few models, if you want to grab drinks or dinner or something?" Castiel suggested.
die because of some bullshit line Metatron fed you?”
Of course it did, Samuel. Women don’t often get ‘emotionally constipated’ like your dear brother. A little more trust next time would be appreciated.
“And leave your underwear under the seat?” Cas suggested, which only made Dean laugh louder.
“I’m going as fast as I can, Cas,” he explained to the angel in annoyance. “Besides, I don’t see you helping any.”
“Uh, yeah,” Dean finally managed to mumble.
Dean smiled a little, even though he was still blushing like a fire hydrant. "Yeah, have been for a while now." His tone seemed to imply something, but Castiel's brain was too stupid from being so close to Dean to process it it right now.
And now Castiel felt just as nervous. "Yes, Dean?"
Dean pulled the bag out of his reach. “Uh-uh, Cas, gotta try the rest before you pig out on the good ones,” Dean teased, but he handed over a new piece of candy, so Castiel didn’t mind in the slightest.
“That’d be great,” Cas said, before flashing Dean a smile that almost made the blue eyes not seem as adorably hot. Almost.
Castiel looked from Dean to the present and back to Dean. He almost blushed a little himself, since it was rare that he was included as part of the Winchester family, and Dean had never said it quite so bluntly before. He used looking down at the gift in his hand to avoid Dean’s eyes and actually blushing. “Thank you, Dean,” he said softly.
The gasp was involuntary, impossible to keep to himself, and much louder than any of the other potential gasps would have been. This was, by and far, the most beautiful thing he had ever seen, as well as the most erotic. It took mere moments before his erection was straining against his pants, almost to the point of being painful. And this, of course, was when Dean chose to turn around.
“Well, I don’t need your damn help,” Dean hissed. “Just because I’m a girl doesn’t mean you need to go out of your way to protect me. You don’t have to treat me different right now, you don’t have to do any of that sexist bullshit, Cas.”
"I'm only against sex before coffee," Castiel corrected, playing it as straight as he could.
“It’s a harvest festival that was started a couple hundred years ago,” Jack explained, “based on an incorrectly retold historical event, and it involves a lot of food, with pumpkin pie for dessert.” He glanced at Sam as if to make sure he’d gotten everything correct, and he beamed when Sam smiled and nodded.
Dean leaned into Cas’ personal space and smirked. “As many as you want.” Then he kissed Cas for all he was worth, which he probably should’ve been doing all along. If just because damn, could that angel kiss.
“And I think I’d like to stake my claim once again, just to be on the safe side,” Castiel murmured, loosening his tie even more than it already had been.
"Allie oop," Dean actually said as he helped Castiel back into a standing position. But apparently that wasn't going to happen just yet, because Castiel’s foot caught on god only knew what, and suddenly he found himself in Dean's arms.
Mrs. Butters echoed the same sentiment a few moments later, as she came out carrying a huge container full of steaming mashed potatoes, made from real potatoes and not powder. “I’m so happy to see you enjoy learning about the history of the holiday, even if your version is a bit…”
“Lore books would be nice, but I have a library right up here.” He touched his temple with his index finger. “And besides we have a ton of ground to cover before thinking about hunts.”
“I...I think I understand what you were trying to do,” Mary began. “But, I’ve only caused more pain being here. I can’t make him happy. I….I-” Her mouth trembled, trying to find the right words. “I’m barely holding myself together. From the moment you put me here….I…” She looked at Billie. “You’re right. I don’t belong here. I want to go home.”
“Really, it’s fine. It suits you.” Claire reached forward and grabbed one of the sweaters. It was burgundy and fluffy soft. She tossed it at him. “Show us a few more looks.”
Cas frowned. He stared down at Jack’s fine, sandy brown hair. “Her name was Kelly Kline. She….she died in childbirth.”
“No.”
"What are you?" Mary could feel the skin on the back of her neck prickle.
Sam had to push Dean out of the way to secure the lid. And just in time too. The box almost immediately started shaking and rattling. Dean wasn’t sure if it was a blessing or a curse that the wardings blocked out any screams from inside the box.
“Oh.”
With an awkward smile, Dean finally met Cas’ eye. He pointed at the front door behind him with his thumb. “I just wanted to run a quick errand.”
“I don’t know if he’s connected,” Cas said simply. “And I don’t want to reach out to him that way until he’s older….and understands.”
The woman looked at Billie strangely. "Why are you interfering with my gift? I wasn't expecting to over hear
"The name's Billie."
“What….did it do to
“What did he say?”
“Don’t you have other people to drain? I-”
“Does it hurt?”
“Is it okay if I make a quick phone call?”
“I know, but just promise me this. It’ll be worth the wait.”
you like that sweater.”
“What’s that?” Dean asked while Cas placed it onto the bed.
“...Castiel?”
She went to the end of the hall and opened the door. It was the master bedroom. Claire tossed her bag down by the end of the bed and started poking around the room. The bed looked like a child put it together. The blanket was clearly going the wrong way and the ends were close to touching the floor.
did they just...appear in the room with us?”
taking care of a child was a completely different experience. Jack wasn’t even twenty-four hours old yet, and Cas had already frozen in panic and broke down crying more times than he’d care to admit.
. She had to keep reminding herself – was peeking at her out of the corner of his eye every so many minutes.
with her magic.”
I hope you're all having a really nice day! The next one I'm aiming to post the next one on May 27th. (That's my birthday). I'll hopefully see you all soon in chapter 9, and we should be finishing up this shopping trip and hearing about Sam's prayer. <3
A chunk of tie was still gripped tightly in Jack’s fist, but that didn’t stop him from shoving a part of that same fist into his mouth. He looked up and watched Cas innocently.
A part of Dean was tempted to crack a joke, and he probably would have if he wasn’t already bouncing back and forth between conflicting thoughts. He needed Sam to be his hero and come home with candy….for the sake of his relationship with Cas. But, he also wanted to tackle Sam to the ground and empty an entire bottle of Nair on his head.
“Okay. Continue.”
“No problem,” Eileen spoke this time. The corner of her mouth raised an uptick. “Hopefully, Sam will be back soon.”
“Are you okay?” Dean leaned against the side of the impala now, and crossed his arms. “You look kinda spooked.”
“Is there anything I can do?”
Tossing it aside on the counter, Mary turned the water back on. She leaned forward, ducking her head into the sink and taking a long drink. Once she felt more alert, she realized that Dean, like it or not, he was going to need some water.
Dean plucked a cookie from the top of the pile, and took a bite. Cas didn’t take his eyes off of him for a moment.
“Ah,” Dean leaned back a bit, crossing his arms. “I get it.”
before you ran off with my dad’s face!”
-forever?”
“I didn’t know you would miss me.” The words came out quiet enough that Dean wasn’t sure if Jack meant to speak them out loud. And then Jack started to let go, but Dean held on tighter.
Mary placed the glass on the table. She heard that name before. “Amara’s the one that brought me back, right?”
Smirking, Dean made his way to the kitchen and instantaneously felt like an insect. There in the middle of the kitchen table were the new candy bowls. One was a dish brightly painted orange and decorated with black bats. The other was made to look like a witch’s cauldron. When Cas brought it home he argued that this could rest on the porch when the night grew late enough. Dean had joked that it was for when the charm of opening the door to little monsters wore off and Cas threw the new package of paper towels at his head.
“Good.” He looked relieved.
“Then why-”
,” Cas said firmly. “We’re going to solve this problem just as we’ve always done
Claire’s eyes narrowed. “You sound pretty damn certain.”
“Nope. No Cas anywhere.” Claire stopped and leaned against a shelf. “He’ll be here soon. He always comes back.”
Jack sighed, exasperated. “Okay,
Rolling his eyes, Cas lovingly put a hand against Dean’s cheek. He then turned Dean’s head and squished him teasingly into the mattress.
Standing up straighter, Cas tossed the sweater aside on the couch. His stare never broke from Claire’s. “For all intents and purposes the room is yours. I already told you that I don’t need a bedroom.”
“Unfortunately, yes.”
“No. Not for certain. And Kelly wanted her son to be whole.”
Claire’s stare narrowed skeptically. “A credit card. I thought we were laying low?”
“I wasn’t sure what you would want so I bought a variety of things. Just let me know what you want and I’ll make it.”
It was too much. Grief battered into him in an unforgiving wave. Cas put the phone down and plucked Jack from his chair. He held the baby close to his chest. “We’re okay,” he whispered. “We’re okay. We’re okay. We’re okay.”
“You stupid, son of a bitch,” Dean muttered quietly. He placed a shaky hand on the creature’s chest, closing his eyes like he was still trying to feel for a heartbeat. A sob tore through him. His fingers curled in the drying blood and the fabric of the white button up shirt. “I could go with you… you dumb bastard. You didn’t even fight back, did you?”
“No.” Billie’s gaze moved between the two women. “This goes far beyond poisoned gifts.”
“Hey Cas. Did you know that Jack is telekinetic?” Claire unhooked his fingers and held Jack out to him while he stopped the cart in front of them.
Claire followed behind him with Jack in her arms. He was still deep asleep and his face was squished into her shoulder. His downy hair pressed against her neck. She kept a hand on his back while they went into the living room.
“Because I can function as your vessel?”
Claire closed the door and pointed with her thumb at the refrigerator. She was still mentally deciding on her lunch. “Why is there nothing but grocery store premade meals and juice boxes?”
Her eyes narrowed. “Wanna try that again?”
“Hi,” she finally mumbled with a tiny wave. Jack didn’t react. Claire glanced up at Cas. “So….he can talk now?”
It was then that Sam and Dean decided that Jack should stay with Jody. There’s room there now that Claire’s on the road most of the time these days. Jack doesn’t want to go, but Dean reassured him that he didn’t want to watch this. He doesn’t need to have this burned into his memory. Jack whispers thank you into Dean’s shoulder when he hugs him goodbye.
that’s what he put in the oven.” Dean dried his hands. “I pulled a burned brick out of the oven.”
Claire leaned her forehead on the window. The sky was growing dark. “I wonder….”
, forever! You promised. You promised.”
“Are you serious?” Claire tilted her head, waiting for the other shoe to drop. “How are we supposed to hunt with the kid?”
Cas’ hands fell to his sides, and the frustration slowly smoothed out of his face. His gaze locked onto Dean’s.
“It’s not much.” Dean closed his eyes. Mostly he could see her smile. It was like she held their whole family’s supply of happiness in that smile. “I remember seeing so much white that I wasn’t sure if I could remember green anymore.”
“We should probably pick out some things for you too while we’re here.”
Claire looked back at the shirt. “Well...it’s not completely out of the realm of my style.”
“Absolutely not.”
Cas smiled fondly. “Your ribs. You won’t be able to see anything without an x-ray.”
Claire sat up at that. She turned, crossing a leg over the other so she could be facing Cas completely. “Explain. Because, I don’t really know much about what you guys actually did. Dean told me once that you saved the world.”
“Yeah,” Dean grinned, losing himself in this new moment. “We’ll have to go elsewhere and grab your truck, but I have several ideas.”
“Did you need him?” Dean raised an eyebrow.
“I know…...and it got worse.” Cas rolled his eyes. “The witch we had helping us with the spell-work, Rowena, she stole a very powerful book when the spell was complete and she….
After a while Sam wandered in wearing a confused look. “Was there a fire while I was out?”
with that?”
“Let me be the last.”
“You’re here,” Dean pressed. “This is real. I’ll remind you every day if I have to. I meant what I said when you woke up.”
A shiver shot down Dean’s spine, making his body squirm under the angel. “Noted,” he breathed.
Gently, Dean laid the body down on a bed in what looked like an infirmary. He brushed some stray hairs presumably back into place and hesitated there, like he wasn’t ready to let go yet.
“I’ll show you,” Cas called over his shoulder while he set the bags down next to the kitchen table. He led her into the living room and motioned a hand towards the play pen. “Claire, I want you to meet Jack.”
Good morning / afternoon / evening / night my lovelies! It's currently mid morning here. I'm on a small (and safe) vacation at the moment. Day 2 in. I woke up really wanting to share the next part of this story with everyone. I hope you liked the chapter. I want to hug Cas and Claire so damn much. We'll see a lot more Jack in the next one so stay tuned <3
She burst out of her chair, running her hands down her arms and looking over her body. “Everything looks the same.”
Jack continued to babble away while he tried to wave every limb he could. Even his metaphysical wings.
“Ey. Gentle.” Her gaze snapped to Jack. He looked sheepish and tapped her arm more gently this time. Jack pointed to a rack behind them.
“Sunflower.”
“Claire Novak, I don’t want to risk burning this house down. I happen to like this place very much.”
That snapped Dean out of his dazed fuzziness. “
“I see.” He turned back to his thoughts. Nothing made any sense to him. He knew Dean,
Cas went back into the kitchen. He paced the room, again and again. The whole time his eyes were glued on the name in his contact list. Finally, he tapped the name and the line started ringing. Cas held his breath, worried that he was only going to make things worse.
Jack put his phone down on his lap. “Oh, this is a game.” He turned to his dad. “Castiel, what do think?”
“There’s little point in learning. As an angel I can’t taste food properly, and….Dean’s the one that does all the cooking.”
Jack leaned the side of their head into Dean’s chest. Their little feet swung while they was lost in thought.
Chuckling, Claire made her way to the refrigerator. She blinked at the inside in confusion. The jars of baby food were expected, but everything else in there was premade and packaged. “Hey, Cas?”
Sighing, Claire continued watching the blur of the world pass them by. Her mind felt just as fuzzy.
Jack clapped his hands and then reached them out. “Das!”
Mary stepped around the table, eyeing the thing cautiously. She could see that he held a hand against his stomach, but there was also a blue-white glow emanating from the wound. A shiver crawled up her spine, making the hair on her arms stand up. There was not a single monster that she could think of that bled both blood
“So? We’ll fix it. We always do.”
“When a soul is with their body...it’s like they’re co-existing in harmony. They’re complimentary….and they take on more personality if you pay attention. Yours makes me think of the night sky. The stars can seem so far away and cold, but other times warm and brilliantly bright.”
not to see so much of…you in him.”
Jack’s shoulders slumped dejectedly. “Daddy was helping me look through my things for costume ideas.”
“Cas I-” Claire’s mouth hung open. She didn’t know what to say, and she felt unsure about the baby’s unyielding stare.
Claire nodded, and they both went into the kitchen. Cas put Jack in his highchair and fiddled with getting the bib on. For a moment he glanced at her.
“Yes. Yes, of course,” Cas answered genuinely surprised. “Thank you.”
Dean blinked and realized his shoulder was against the wall. Did he….fall over?
“Fuck.”
“I didn’t at first,” he admitted. “You died, and I figured that it was all one huge manipulation. Gabriel’s illusions. Lucifer’s lies.” Cas nodded, and Dean continued. “But then, you came home and….it became
The creature's mouth was still moving. He leaned forward. Hands still on the table. His eyes glowed an unnatural blue, and all Mary could see was the moment her dad’s eyes flashed yellow. She threw the blade.
“It took a lot of effort to free him from the mark, and….he was resistant. Turns out he had good reason instinctually. Removing the mark also removed the bindings keeping the Darkness out of creation.”
“We don’t want there to be a
Cas put a foot of distance between him and Dean. He sighed dejectedly, hanging his head.
“Yeah, yeah.” Dean rolled his eyes with a huff. He could feel Cas’ grace flowing through every atom of his being, shielding him from the cold. “You’re always right.
A lighthearted snort escaped her, but she kept the edge in her voice. “Yeah, well this is why you shouldn’t turn it off. Do you know how worried everyone is?”
“Dean,” Cas breathed out. “I can feel your eyes. You’re staring.”
Her hip cracked painfully into the table the moment she realized what she was seeing burned around the body: wings. “Dean!”
“Deeeeeeeee-daaaaaaaaaaaaaaad!” The four year old yelled from their bedroom. “Are you coming back for me?”
Cas’ head turned to the side. “But
“Yes.” He looked away, leaning his elbow on the door. “And the house is still standing.”
She picked it up, studying and turning it over in her hands. It wasn't cold like metal usually was. There was a warmth that felt like something more than what was left from whoever held it last. It was strange, but Mary wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth. Dean hadn't trusted her with a weapon, but fate did. Her fingers curled around the hilt; she wasn't letting go until Dean gave the all clear.
“He’s
“Fix what I broke, please.” Her gaze moved to Amara. “Give Dean back his heart.” And then it slid back to Billie. “And I’ll go with you. Let things continue the way they were meant to.”
Chapter One
“Carr-cart!” Excited, Jack started squirming in Cas’ arms.
Cas resumed compressions. Again, and again. He blinked the beading tears away, but they quickly filled his eyes. His hands, the bunker, Dean….they all blurred away as he kept beating to the rhythm of his nightmare.
He groaned. It was bad enough that he had to keep track of the phone at all times, but what he really hated were the angry, red notification icons. So Cas did what he had to and cleared them out. All the missed calls were from Dean and they were consistent. He never went more than four days without calling. Cas opened the text messages next. The majority were again, from Dean.
There was another pause, but the air between them felt lighter. A small smile tugged at Cas’ lips. “How’s school treating you? I’d love to hear about the classes you’ve been taking.”
Cas frowned. “I….I couldn’t ask Sam to make that sacrifice again. Lucifer wanted to use him as a vessel again.”
"Oh." The word punctured her chest. "He's Cas."
Living room it is, he thought taking a step in that direction when Cas called out to him. “Sweetheart, can you come here?”
Dean rubbed at his jaw. “Just….just head back here. Cas was already looking for you and Jack’s gonna want to show his costume off.”
“You don’t have to,” Dean said, staring up at the ugly, stained ceiling tile. “What’s your gut instinct? I’m thinking 3 or 4 inches. Nothing too much, but enough to blanket everything in white when we wake up.”
Dean glared at the clock. He was running out of time, but he still had an ace up his sleeve: Sammy. Luckily, his brother picked up on the fourth ring.
“What about your mission?”
Claire’s whole body drooped. “Studying what? I can’t imagine where you have lore books stashed here. This house is pretty bare bones.”
Mary nodded, feeling chilled. The thought of seeing what became of her baby was horrifying. He wasn’t even a toddler yet, and now…..
“You’re quite welcome,” he said, tearing off a piece of paper towel. Cas carefully folded it in half, and then again. “You know,” he started while wetting it under the faucet. “When I was human, I hated eating right after I woke up. Made me nauseous.”
The smile on Claire’s face widened. She raised her eyebrows and said, “You read parenting books?”
“So the tie….?”
“And I’m not angry, or disappointed.”
She opened her mouth to speak, but a quiet melody of music started playing.
Cas raised an eyebrow at that.
The next several weeks were bumpy. Jack was definitely growing faster than human babies his age, but  no where near as fast as Amara. Whether any of that was a good or a bad thing, Cas had no idea. The nephilim was an utter mystery to him. At the very least, as far as Cas could tell...Jack was a happy baby.
Upset, Sam went to sit in the library. Unfortunately the distance didn’t muffle the yelling. Where is he buried? No. Tell me. She didn’t take the news well. Why is it whenever you’re involved, I lose someone? Can’t you let me keep one damn person that I love?
Claire shoved the plastic bag into Cas’ chest as hard as she could. Cas didn’t flinch. He didn’t speak either. The shine in his sad, blue eyes made her want to scream.
I really hope you all enjoyed the update and please let me know what's on your mind in the comments below. Or as always just come yell about spn with me daily at icefire149.tumblr.com
And then, Cas withdrew his hands and the chill of the autumn night flooded into Dean’s bones like a broken dam. His brain felt momentarily scrambled, but he wasn’t sure if it was from Cas’ words or the absence of his touch. Before he knew it, Dean was ushered inside the motel room.
“Or that someone stole the card off of you.”
Dean’s phone clocked Crowley right in the temple. The phone clattered into the floor and Crowley looked mildly annoyed, rubbing the side of his head. “I get that your Moose is missing, but what the hell was that?”
Grinning, Claire followed along at Cas’ side. She was paying more attention to Jack than she was her surroundings at this point. “Is this his first time?”
Claire raised an eyebrow. “That was a while ago.”
Several clothing racks over something caught her eye. Out of habit, she took a step forward before remembering Jack. He watched her curiously.
“What if…” Dean searched his brain for some kind of compromise. “…you were a Jack-o-saurus?”
Jack scrunched up his nose and shook his head. “You,” he squeaked.
“How else were you going to carry everything?” she quipped. Her eyes caught the movement of his hand. “You know you don’t have to hold Jack every moment of the day, right?”
He went to move but Dean was seeing so much red he barely felt attached to his body. Next thing he knew Cas was walking towards him. He watched as Cas bent down and picked up the picture that fell off the wall.
Dean bit the inside of his cheek, trying not to laugh. “Yes, commander.”
“You don’t, get to die,” Cas mumbled, ignoring Sam’s presence. His hands paused for a moment as he took a deep breath. The sound of his own heart racing was like a loud boom, pounding on his eardrums. “Jack Kline,
A heartbeat later Claire crashed into him, wrapping her arms around Cas in a tight hug. She pressed the side of her face into his chest. “So how much trouble are you in?”
Her smile vanished. Claire crossed her arms. “I’m living out of a duffle bag and the backseat of my car. I’m not messing with the furniture in
“Yeah,” Dean rubbed the kid’s back while he thought about it. There was no way to go behind Cas’ back since he’d be with them every step of their route. And there was no way in Heaven or Hell that Dean was winning any arguments tonight. He bit the inside of his cheek. Well, he was likely already sleeping on the couch tonight so……
Cas sighed. “He doesn’t even realize he’s doing it, but I can feel that he’s perturbed.”
“You do realize I leave probably a dozen voice mails the closer it gets to Christmas, right?”
“And that’s when dad tried coming home.” Claire’s voice grew quiet. Her gaze fell to her hands in her lap.
“Okay,” Claire yawned and rubbed at one of her eyes. “We can make a day out of it.”
“And what stops your boys from tearing more holes in the future?”
angels wear them.”
“Dude, I’m not leaving you on the side of the road. I-”
“Holy shit. You’re actually holding a baby right now.”
“Oh trust me, he will,” Dean said throwing an arm behind the back of his seat and turning to face the angel. “Soooo….where to first?”
“It was a hunting accident.” He could feel Cas’ hand trembling, but he chose to let his gaze travel up to meet his blue eyes instead. “It was a stupid mistake. And...kinda like this, but not nearly as nice. I got shoved into something sticking out of a barn beam.”
“The local market is much smaller than this.” Cas turned his head to glance around. They were aimlessly walking straight into the middle of the store. He seemed almost overwhelmed himself, and he held Jack closer.
He opened his eyes to see Jack staring out the motel window. “
“Can’t either of you bring him back? Then no drastic measures would be taken,” she argued. Mary’s eyes rested on Cas. He might even know where to find Sammy.
Claire paused, carefully choosing her words. “Just don’t scare me like that again. It’s…..been a while since your last message.” By the last word her voice had grown quiet like a whisper.
Claire fiddled and picked at the hangnail on the side of her thumb. Quietly, she asked, “What did you mean by strapped to Naomi’s chair?”
“What?”
what being too cold felt like.”
“Don’t you want other clothes?” Claire asked gesturing at his outfit.
A mischievous grin slid across Claire’s face. “Come on. Sam said they’ll be gone for a while. We could raid their armory.”
“Are you on your way back?”
“To prove that you’re alive.” Claire shrugged. “Maybe he’s hoping that you’d find it difficult to leave home once you’re there.”
“I don’t know,” Claire snapped. “People usually talk all cutesy or whatever because it’s a baby.”
After a pause, Dean spoke. “I’m always gonna worry.”
Cas motioned with his index finger for Dean to come closer. He smiled softly, and then bent down to pull a plastic storage container out from under the bed.
spell. And it makes the victim rabid until they drop dead with bloody eyes.”
Hi everyone! The day this is going up is my big 28th birthday!!! I couldn't think of a better way to celebrate than to post the next chapter. (And the last line this week is a BIG favorite of mine). I really hope you all enjoyed this week's update.
“Good luck.”
“A what?” Jack’s face scrunched up.
“Why? They did the deed, so why are you the one playing house?” Claire crossed her arms.
“I’m aware.” There was a low warning tone in his voice. “Don’t mistake or misshapen my fears. This isn’t about coddling you or...treating you like you’re incapable.” The tension eased in Claire’s jaw. He continued, “Those feelings mean…..your presence as well as your absence...they matter to me.
“After Jack was born….the moment we could flee, I etched Enochian sigils into his ribs to hide him from every angel.” Cas subconsciously rubbed a hand over the tattoo on his side. “My body is hidden from angels in a similar way.”
“Ohhhhh. Okay.” She glanced at the baby still caught up with all the sights and sounds of the busy supermarket. His little fist was against Cas’ chest. “Yeah we wouldn’t want a flight risk situation.”
Claire nodded, and they both sat there in silence with their thoughts for a while. Eventually, Claire’s eyes moved back to Cas and the sorrow exuding from him. “If Dean left the bunker to help you with Jack out here….would you want that?”
“Cas, I need you to get this through your skull. I’m pissed; hell yeah. At Metatron for what he did. At Sam for almost dying again. At myself for how shittily I handled everything. You should be pissed at me.”
The angel opened his mouth to speak when Jack’s voice interrupted.
It took several deep breaths before Cas felt calmer. Knowing Dean, any of that could have been worse. He scrolled back up through the messages again, trying to piece together the timeline of each one.
Sam sighed over the line. “Yeah, sure.”
Sorry this week's chapter ended up being a shorter one. Next week's will be longer I promise!
Dean kicked the blanket off and pulled himself out of bed. Stiffly, he stopped next to Jack and saw the entire parking lot buried under a few inches of snow. A small smile tugged at the corner of his mouth.
“What does mine look like?”
Before Dean completely realized it, he crossed the open space between them. He threw his arms around Cas and hugged him tightly. "It's been long enough."
Cas’ eyebrows pinched together. “Jack idolizes you. You know that, right?”
“As long as you’re in the wheel chair next to me,” Dean grinned. The thought of living to a ripe old age was terrifying, but he could do it if Cas was there with him. His nervous heartbeat started to settle the moment he imagined the angel there at his side. His hair would be more than peppered with gray patches. He’d probably be wearing reading glasses so much they’d be glued to his nose. And he’d have a closet of colorful, chunky knit sweaters to replace his long worn out trench coat.
“Hold up,” Claire laughed. “
Then as Cas pressed, he finally turned to glance at Sam. His voice cracked, “We’re gonna need an ambulance.”
He put himself between them and the stranger. Castiel stood there with an aura as if he was as tall as a skyscraper. Jack perked up immediately. “Da!”
“Like what?”
Cas stopped dead in his tracks, and turned on his heels. “Oh, Dean.” His gaze nervously glanced around the garage. “I didn’t see you there.”
“All I can do is hold him. It seems to help. Hopefully it’s not too big of a growth spurt.”
“He asked.”
“Claire, I’ve owned a pair of jeans before. I’m not hopeless.”
Dean shoved the phone back in his pocket the same time Cas led Jack back into the room. The angel’s expression was neutral. “Why was Jack rummaging through our bedroom?”
“There’s nothing wrong with it,” Dean grinned. “Did you go out of your way to buy something the same exact shade as your favorite tie?”
“Oh, did Cas burn the cookies?”
“I don’t understand why this is necessary.” Cas badly wanted to dig in his heels, but the strategist in him had already calculated the odds. He wasn’t winning this battle.
Dean’s whole body stiffened. Somehow he’d forgotten his presence. Slowly, he turned to peek over at Jack.
Claire paused just outside of the kitchen, and out of sight. She bit back a smile listening to the exasperated tone in Cas’ voice.
Cas’ eyes darted back to her for a moment. He stared, and then he pointed at the laptop. “So what kind of movie were you thinking?”
Cas appeared around the doorway and winced the moment he realized what had happened. “I’m sorry. That’s my fault.”
“No!” His whole body started trembling. What he wanted was to lay his hands on Dean’s head and wake him up, but there was nothing he could do now. His fingers lightly grazed across the bandage Dean quickly taped on his neck. There wasn’t an ounce of grace left.
She forgot to peek in the nursery when she passed the door, but she figured that Cas would have said something if they were in there. Entering the living room, Claire still didn’t see Cas. The play pen was empty too. Frowning, she turned around and went over to the window. The lake looked inviting, but still there was no sign of the angels.
Halloween like an actual family.”
An icy feeling crept up her spine. The glazed look in his eyes never left her. As much as they disagreed and marched in different directions, her hand always ached for his. It throbbed now like it was seeking a lifeline that it was never going to find again. Especially now with angel blood crusting under her nails.
Jack giggled, and tightly grabbed the side of his teddy bear in his fist. He pulled it close, watching Cas closely.
?” Furious, Cas pushed Sam’s hands aside and took over compressions. He slammed a single fist into Dean’s chest, rocking the man’s whole body from the impact. Still, Dean didn’t wake.
Claire nodded and ran a hand over her knee. “What happened with Amara?”
“I thought Jody said you were dealing with a haunting.”
Dean could feel the constriction in his chest loosen at the faint smile he could hear in Cas’ voice. He shook his head. “Giving Jack a real first Christmas is a great idea. I can’t believe I didn’t think of it months ago.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, of course not. A formal education is good, but it’s not the only path to pursue knowledge.” He could distinctly hear a sigh of relief. “Claire, I only care about your happiness
“No Daa?” Jack frowned.
, and then feign innocence,” Castiel growled. His shoulders were tense and he kept his eyes glued on his trembling fists, resting in his lap. He was angry, hurt, and heartbroken, but he still had a sliver of pride holding himself together while he sat in the front passenger seat of the Winchester’s impala.
She bounced and turned in her seat so she faced Cas completely. “Listen to me.
“I’m not suggesting we burn it. You can like more than one outfit, you know?”
“Hi Dean.”
“He’s growing again,” Cas answered, looking just as pained as the baby.
Frowning, Amara stepped forward. “Are you sure? Dean will be upset.”
“That’s why I called-”
Claire’s face twisted in confusion. “Is that even allowed?”
A light red blush dusted her cheeks. She shook her head. “No. We’re shopping for you. Remember?” Cas raised a questioning eyebrow. Claire folded immediately. “Fine. We can
Rolling his eyes, yet again, Cas went searching for the shopping carts.
And that was it.
She could tell that his mouth was moving, but all Mary could hear was her own heartbeat pounding in her ears. The longer she looked at him, the more convinced she was that he wasn't human at all.
The man didn’t even look at the bottle he plucked off the shelf, and he took a big swig. Glaring, he turned on his heels. “Mother dearest, my day to day schedule is a teensy bit busy. Remember?
“I-uh, I don’t know.” He stood up and walked over to the window. Everything still looked the same, but he wouldn’t be shocked if it did start to snow any minute now. “I’m hoping it’ll be a dusting. Neither of you packed for snow.”
The nephilim let go immediately as if the fabric burned him. Cas stood up straight and took a deep breath. His tie was askew, but he didn’t bother fixing it. Claire chuckled.
A few minutes and a few inches later, Dean was already getting bored. He’d tried teasing Cas in a couple different ways, because he was in a petulant kind of mood that way, but the angel hadn’t fallen for any of them, so now it was just the sound of crickets and the shovel hitting the dirt. The movement of Cas digging was actually kind of mesmerizing if you paid attention. Since angels didn’t get tired the way humans did, it was all very smooth and even. Shovel down, dig up dirt, shovel up, throw dirt, repeat as necessary. And hell, was Cas always that built underneath all that frumpy clothing?
“Then why were they in your sock drawer?” Castiel asked, looking at the box as if it’d insulted his ancestors.
Castiel turned around, off to look at the section with all the anime merch, which just so happened to be over by the register where his not-stalking would probably pay off better, when his messenger bag (another splurge purchase thanks to Dean) got caught on the clearance rack, bringing down plushies and accessories along with Castiel himself. He grimaced when he hit his knee on the way to the floor, trying to not cry out and look like a total wimp in front of his super extra mega crush, and didn't hear Dean's reaction to the most embarrassing thing that had ever happened in Castiel's seventeen years of existence.
Cas pulled away, his fingers inside pausing in their most important work. "I thought you wanted to fuck me senseless?" He asked with an evil grin on his face.
“And that’d we’d never tell on them,” Dean added. “That poor kid’s parents would’ve gone apeshit at just the thought.”
Castiel smiled so hard it made his face hurt, and as its grand finale, his bravery let him lean in and give Dean a kiss. And when Dean kissed back, the finale was completed with tons of fireworks going off in his brain. There were probably enough explosions to make his IQ go down a point or two, but… eh, he could spare them.
“Like, umm,” Dean asked, feeling nervous himself now. If this was going where he thought it was going, where his denial hoped it wasn’t going, there would be a hell of a lot of soul searching, which did not sound like a good thing to add on top of the vagina problem. “Like family?”
Cas, on the other hand, wasn’t confused at all. Carrying his own steaming mug of coffee, the angel answered as he walked into the map room right as Sam was reading the clue. “‘Honey,’” he said, as if it were beyond obvious.
Castiel was in the library, reading a book from the Men of Letters’ collection that was in one of the few dead languages that Sam couldn’t translate, when he heard Dean shouting in pain from the kitchen, “Son of a bitch!” The angel rushed in, knowing full well just how many ways there were in the bunker’s industrial kitchen that could really hurt a human.
“Yeah, Cas?” Dean answered nervously. Only now were his reactions making sense to Castiel, now that he was holding Dean's hand.
One night, a few months after that fateful meeting at the ice cream stand, they were coming back late, having had a bit too much fun at The Roadhouse since it was karaoke night. They were both sober, but they were also both completely exhausted. Dean was being more careful about driving than usual, and Castiel was slumped next to him in the front seat. He woke up really quick when he felt his head land on Dean’s shoulder, especially with how loud that made Dean laugh.
"A chick, I know," Dean completed for him. He (she?) sighed, before heading over to the command table and flopping down in a chair, pushing the hair out of his (her?) face yet again.
Thankfully, Dean saw through it as well. “Bullshit,” he said, making Castiel smile in relief. “You’ve been acting like a total jerk to Cas, for no freaking reason, for the last few months,” he retorted.
This was probably the first time since before puberty hit that he hated looking at boobs, and Dean almost prayed that they'd find a cure fast. He made sure to not actually pray, though, since those dicks with wings didn't need to know about his current humiliation. Especially Cas. He would never live it down if Cas knew about this. If Cas laughed at him, he'd just die… or, err… it would suck. Great, now the girly bits were getting to his brain, too. Were the aggravatingly poke-y bras not enough suffering?
Wait, no, that’s not how the reunion small talk script goes. There was nothing about jobs or families or vacations. Nothing trivial and pointless at all. “Really?” Dean asked as a default response.
“Thanks,” Dean said, putting his hand over Castiel’s.
Dean let out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding that Cas hadn’t laughed or anything. As much as he wanted to literally hide under the table, he wanted this hell to end as fast as possible, and that meant actually talking to the angel. Trying his absolute hardest to make his voice sound at least somewhat masculine, Dean answered, “We have no clue, Cas.” He slumped back into his chair, getting in much more slump than usual because of his regrettably smaller size.
“Sounds invasive,” Dean commented, but immediately went back to being quiet and listening at one look from Castiel.
Castiel smiled, and before he could chicken out, he pointed out, "You're not on the clock now, Dean."
Dean’s body slumped underneath Castiel’s as the two fell back in the chair, boneless and sated in a way neither had ever felt before. It took a few minutes before Dean’s breathing slowed down enough to form coherent sentences, but when it did he grabbed one of the angel’s hands and squeezed. “I think I was in love with you before that barn,” Dean mumbled. “Just didn’t know what the hell it was I was feeling.”
Standing up, Cas offered Dean his trenchcoat. With a nod of thanks, Dean put it on and buttoned it to cover up his lack of pants. Then he looked over at Cas, who looked back at him with hope in his expression. “I still love you, Cas,” he said as soon as his brain caught up with things.
Sam looked up at the Dean part of the pile, looking both guilty and pleased at the same time. “I’m sorry, Dean,” he replied, though didn’t sound anywhere near as sincere as he had earlier.
“I appreciate it,” Castiel answered, if just to save the awkward hunter from babbling more. He pulled carefully at the paper, it being far too nice looking to destroy.
“He looks just like you,” Castiel said, hoping that he was right and the guy was related to the kids. With everybody hiring babysitters and mannys, you could never really tell any more.
“I still dislike interacting with him lately, queen or not,” Castiel added, but then was quiet. Ever since the two had started dating officially, the King of Hell had been acting like a jealous child whenever the three of them were in the same room. Dean never seemed to notice it, and thought Castiel was just being overprotective whenever the angel mentioned it, but that didn’t make it any less true. Crowley was obviously pissed off that Castiel had got to Dean first.
When Dean, now a fair bit richer than yesterday, finally had the chance to breathe, he grabbed his sketchpad again. Turning to a blank page, he started to sketch Cas. Not in some creepy stalker way or anything, he just thought the guy was worth drawing. The fact that this gave him the excuse to covertly glance over at the other man’s table often was a just a happy coincidence. Yep. Coincidence.
"Obviously," Castiel said, before being pounced on by his formerly pouting boyfriend.
“Yeah, in one of the chairs,” he said with a well-concealed sigh, as he finally looked over at his newest improperly-taught responsibility. Castiel wasn’t able to conceal his gasp when the model turned around, though.
"How do you deal with so much hair?" Dean complained.
“Here, let us clean up, since you did all the cooking,” Sam suggested, giving his brother a glare to tell him that he’d better be helping too, if he knew what was good for him.
It took a few moments for it to kick in for Sam what that meant, but when it did, he wished he had a gallon of brain bleach. “Oh my god, are you guys…?” He said, feeling more uncomfortable than he had in years, even counting all the embarrassing PDAs that went on non-stop once Dean finally got his head out of his ass and hooked up with Cas.
"Cas, that tickles!" Dean shouted, squirming as Castiel made his way down to his chest.
“Do you?” Castiel asked, his face close to Dean’s now, his brain and actions doing things he didn’t even know about yesterday. Or things that he didn’t know he knew. And at Dean’s slight nod, Castiel listened to the parts of him that knew better. He leaned in closer, until his lips were barely touching Dean’s. He pressed in, reveling in the texture, the taste of apple pie filling that Dean must have been sampling as he baked. For something Castiel hadn’t known he wanted, he wasn’t sure he could live without it now, because Dean’s lips pressed back, and his arms wrapped around the angel, pulling him in closer as they wormed their way under Castiel’s trenchcoat.
“Good,” Cas responded, and by now Dean was having heart palpitations from this whole experience.
“But I thought you destroyed the cursed tv that sent you guys there?” Jack asked, finally prying his eyes away to give Dean a confused look. Castiel felt a wave of sympathy for Dean, since he knew he used to be even more clueless about human things than Jack.
Cas grinned at Dean’s answer. “I like you as well, then.”
“Even worse, that he thought giving some kind of sex accessory thing at a party like that was a good idea,” Dean pointed out, before taking a drink from the bottle of beer at his side. “My mom could’ve seen it, or even worse, my grandma.” Charlie let out a giggle at that, but looked adequately apologetic after, so Dean was willing to forgive her.
“No, now!” She shrieked. Castiel’s good mood from meeting Dean deflated, and he unbuckled her from her stroller to try and stop the ensuing temper tantrum before it went any farther. “Now, Daddy!”
"Well, maybe if the acting had been better, I would've been able to watch correctly."
It was actually closer to a minute, but Sam finally said the last words and the statue broke itself in half. Dean fell on the ground, not having realized he’d be leaning all his weight on Cas, but he helped Dean up without laughing, unlike Sam.
Castiel tilted his head to the side, confused at Dean’s actions. They seemed too much, almost, too personal, for something like this. “Why?” he asked, “why am I important? I don’t even have my angelic powers any more.” Castiel paused as the truth fully blindsided him. “I’m not even useful to you now, so why am I so important?”
“I,” Castiel started, before pausing, “I don’t actually have a birthday, Dean.” He made the motion of handing the unwarranted gift back to Dean. The hunter not only refused to take it, but he pushed it back towards Castiel.
“We can leave whenever you want,” Cas made sure to add.
"I was one of the middle kids, too, so yeah." Castiel shrugged, even though Dean most likely couldn't see it.
Which was why, on the day when Castiel started leaning in closer to Dean than he normally did, that probably actually meant something big.
“Yeah, Cas?” Dean called back from the kitchen, where he was currently making dinner for the two of them, as well as their friend Charlie who was coming over for their weekly movie night.
Cas chuckled again, before accepting the coffee and the handful of different types of creamer and sugar/sugar substitutes. “Thanks, I’d love a cup,” he said, smiling, as he opened the lid and started pouring damn near everything in. “There was an older couple looking at your stuff not too long after you left, and I told them you’d be back soon.” He smiled again, and Dean started to (agnostically) pray that the guy wasn’t straight or attached or something, because that would just be way too unfair. And if his gaze wandered to Cas’ ringless left hand, could you really blame him?
“Just as long as you don’t try to teach Claire to cook again,” Castiel pointed out.
“Something like that,” Cas agreed with a sigh in his voice. There was a soft thump as Cas’ leg hit the bed frame. “Maybe until we fix this, you could stand closer so that I can avoid potential injury?” he suggested. It had barely begun and he was already over it.
The beyond obvious question mark made Dean roll his eyes. “I’ve been driving her over half my life, Cas, I think I should be just fine, even if my size is different,” he said sarcastically, before roughly shoving Cas’ arm aside, which the angel thankfully allowed. If Dean was treated like the damsel in distress one more freaking time, he was going to explode. “Just get in already,” he halfway growled at Cas, before sliding behind the Impala’s wheel.
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel whispered before pulling away. Dean was the deepest shade of red that Castiel had ever seen a healthy human get, and it made the angel blush as well because he knew that Dean was only blushing like that because Castiel had kissed him. The hunter opened and closed his mouth repeatedly, without making a sound.
"Like," Dean snapped back. "Specific parts don't matter, damn it! And since when does everything ever have to be plausible?" By now, the two were only inches away from each other, Dean poking Cas in the chest every time he made another point. "They're still one of the best movie trilogies ever!" He sneered at the angel, his posture and movements mimicking what Cas' wings would've been doing.
They stood up so that they could head to the Impala and then the theater, but Dean stopped when Cas paused. The hunter was caught completely off guard as Cas leaned in to kiss him. But he recovered quickly and kissed the angel back. Dean was very glad now that it hadn’t ever really been a secret in the first place, even if that made everything a billion times more embarrassing. He knew that he’d never hear the end of it from Sam now, but with Cas’ lips on his, his tongue tentatively making its way into Dean’s mouth, he couldn’t have cared if he tried.
“Ice cream,” she explained, and Dean nodded.
“I knew I loved you for a reason,” he said, grabbing Cas’ hand. “C’mon.”
“Sorry about that,” Castiel muttered, wiping his face to wake himself up a little more. Maybe a late night of karaoke wasn’t the best of ideas after an early morning and long day with a teething toddler.
“And there’s a parade, too,” Jack added excitedly. “I almost forgot.” For one of the first times in Dean’s memory, the kid was actually acting like a kid. He’d gladly give up all the pumpkin pie in the world if it meant that Jack got to be happy and normal like this more often.
“Well, umm,” Dean mumbled, blushing for a different reason this time.
Castiel scooted in closer to stare Dean directly in the eyes. No way was he getting out of praise this time, no matter how much it seemed to embarrass him. “Thank you, Dean, for doing this for me,” he said slowly, watching the golden flecks in Dean’s otherwise green eyes move about as his eyes refocused. “I really appreciate it.”
The Charlie in question walked up right in time for the punchline, and laughed loudly enough to startle Dean. “I’m not his girlfriend,” she said, still chuckling. “He’s as gay as I am, if not more.” She glanced between the two men for a few moments, taking a much longer time eyeing up Dean. “And he’s as single, too,” she said with a wink, before heading towards the appetizer table.
Dean visibly relaxed. “Oh, good. I really need this money to help pay for my kid brother’s college tuition. Stanford is freaking expensive.” He nodded as if agreeing with himself.
Dean glared at the demon, at least understanding the situation enough to know that the demon was trying to exclude Castiel in his invitation. “You’ve been acting like a bigger ass than usual lately, Crowley,” he said, finally at least getting part of it. “You have something against Cas that I need to know about?” He almost seemed to puff himself up to look more intimidating, which wasn’t exactly necessary since Crowley was both shorter than him, and sitting down, but Castiel still thought it was sweet that his idiot of a boyfriend was at least aware enough to want to defend him.
"Seriously?" The woman asked, now looking insulted. "Of course I am. Who the hell else would it be?"
"Here," Dean said as he offered his hand, after they finished laughing, "lemme help you up."
“Yeah, I know. That stuff tastes so good,” he said, still using the silly voice.
Dean held his hands up in surrender at Castiel’s glare, showing that it was safe for the angel to continue.
“Aww, I’m sorry babe,” Dean said in an exaggerated tone, slinging his arm around Castiel’s shoulder. “You were a pretty hot cartoon too, though,” he teased.
A big portion of the pizzas were consumed and a random sci-fi movie was in progress on the television when the topic of boxer briefs was brought up again.
Castiel leaned closer to Dean. Of course he did. He always leaned closer to the hunter, pretty much since the very beginning. The angel was smart as all get out, but he still just flat out could not grasp any lesson Dean gave him about personal space, and why you weren’t supposed to be all up in it all the time. At least, he couldn’t grasp it where Dean was concerned; he didn’t lean in uncomfortably close to anybody else. Though it had actually stopped feeling uncomfortable long ago, not that Dean would ever admit it, not even to himself most days.
"Fuck, Dean," Cas mumbled, too wrecked to form any proper dirty talk. But Dean knew enough to know that when Cas stopped being witty, he was near blowing, which only got Dean even closer to exploding himself. Cas' dick slammed once, twice, three times into Dean's prostate and had Dean screaming his name as he came like he was dying. He could barely feel those final few thrusts before Cas was shouting right along with him. After what felt like an eternity of orgasm, they both fell, Cas landing inelegantly on top of Dean and the mess they'd just made.
Cas smiled, his eyes actually looking a bit wet around the edges. “Of course it does, Dean, and I completely agree.”
“Yeah,” Dean said, looking a little guilty for making a joke that went over the boy’s head so easily. “Daphne didn’t pay me the time of day when we were there, so that crush died there too,” Dean said, trying to fix his mistake.
So, he had officially worked his way back to his original problem of expressing feelings and why he sucked at it. With Cas, it wasn’t really in words, which made it even more difficult than usual. It was like this… warm, fuzzy blanket that was wrapped around him whenever the angel was near. It didn’t make him feel safe and secure, since they literally risked their lives on a regular basis fighting monsters that would make most people piss their pants. Not safe, but like he knew that no matter what, Cas would be there to the very end. He’d fight by Dean’s side, no matter the odds. He’d protect Dean just as much as Dean would protect him. It was a sense of equality, the warm, fuzzy feeling. Or at least, the parts that could be somewhat put into words. The rest was just floating in a sea of blue, wanting to hear that rough voice tell him anything and everything. He looked at Cas and wanted to fucking cuddle him, for god’s sake. Not just post-sex, but, like, randomly, for no reason.
“No! You’re gonna listen a minute. Seriously, I just had to hear after the fact that some major shit went down with the British whatever.
“Hey, what’s up? Eileen and I are on our way over.”
The box continued to thrash every day. For most of the day. And Dean barely left that room. He only left for more research material, coffee, and beer. He refused to let Sam keep him out.
Cas coughed. “Really? That’s news to me.”
He slipped out of the room and made his way towards the living room. In there he saw Jack on the couch with Eileen. They were signing away absorbed in their own world. Dean glanced in the other direction and spotted Cas in the kitchen. The sight alone sent an icy shiver down his spine.
.” His knees cracked and shook, but Dean stood up. He refused to let go of Cas.
“I’m not infallible, Claire.”
“Just go get the cart. We’ll meet you where ever the baby clothes are.”
Claire’s gaze went from Cas to Jack, and then back to Cas. A part of her wanted to argue and stay with them a while longer, but her eyes started drooping closed again. Another yawn escaped her.
Jack quickly realized that he enjoyed the sound of Claire’s laughter, and he did everything in his power to keep her going. By the time lunch was over Cas was mentally exhausted. Nearly everything within a two foot radius of Jack’s highchair was splattered with his lunch.
“Oh.”
Dean surged forward, dropping to the ground next to the body. Carefully, he pulled the blade out and tossed it aside.
“Crowley,” he barked. “I’m the King of Hell, and that’s my rotten, bitch of a mother.” His eyes flashed red. “It’s lovely to finally make your acquaintance. Dean and I go way back. We-”
“Yikes. Do I even want to know what you two are arguing about?”
With a soft smile, Cas handed the bag to Jack. “I thought I’d pick something up for you.”
“Oh...yes. Amara.” Cas took a deep breath. “After that, Amara was the pressing issue. She took a
“That’s not good enough.”
Cas’ gaze flitted around the car. “Do you happen to have Jack with you?”
Jack spun in a circle on their heels, deep in mid-ramble. Dean nodded even though he had no idea what the kid was even talking about. Despite that, a small smile tugged at the corner of Dean’s mouth. Every day he was thrilled that Chuck’s puppet strings were severed, but he was fully aware of the truth. They only traded one God for another, and the new one had him firmly wrapped around their fingers.
“Wher-”
Exhaling, Mary nodded. Surprisingly, the reaper’s touch was grounding. This was the calmest her mind felt in years. “Let’s go,” she said, closing her eyes.
“Dude, you can’t just drop a bombshell on me and then bail.” Dean placed both of his hands firmly on Castiel’s shoulders. A part of him was still afraid that if he wasn’t holding him here that Cas would be snatched away again.
the one that said my weapons stash was abysmal. This way I have something to work with. They’re family. They’d want me to well equipped.”
He felt like all the air had been knocked from his lungs. He didn’t know how to fix this. The streets would be filled with kids very soon.
“And that’s all the reason you need to wear it. Don’t let anyone convince you otherwise.”
Jack stopped his wiggling and went back to rubbing the palms of his hands all over the chair. Cas took that as a, yes. Sighing, he leaned his back against the edge of the counter and turned his phone on.
“I was thinking…..more like nurse,
“There better be a bloody good reason-” The woman growled until she finally turned to see Dean at the table. “How are you alive?” She rushed forward and placed a hand on his chest. “Where’s the bomb? I did
“This!” He immediately forgot his strength and slapped Claire’s arm while he squirmed excitedly.
Taken aback, Cas looked at his tie and then back at Claire. “I thought you liked it when I wore a tie.” The words came out quietly.
“We do?” Dean glanced over to Cas.
Jack’s smile widened when they made eye contact. He started lightly tapping the palms of his hands on the tray part of the chair.
Once the kitchen was clean, Claire put her other duffle bag on the table. She unzipped it. “It’s not much, but it works.”
“Huh.” Crossing her arms, Claire turned back towards Cas. “He’s really got us in a pickle.”
“I figured that I’d warm it up for you.”
Cas started loosening his tie, clearly giving up the struggle. “Heaven tried very hard to make me fall in line. Again and again. He took it off and Jack managed to shove more of his tiny fist into his mouth. “They would forcibly control those angels until they were obedient. I still don’t know how many memories were carved and discarded over my lifetime, but I’ve long been free from their persuasion.”
Dean dug his hands into Cas’ jacket pockets until he found a small rectangular device. He stared at it forlornly. “No. No No….” His voice fell to a pained whisper as his eyes darted back to the body.
“It’s more….” Claire’s mouth pulled into a grin. Her cheeks were still red from laughter. “Inappropriate? Rude, I guess.”
(See the end of the chapter for
. I’m aware that he did pretend to be me, but that was short lived. He lost my car. He terrorized Heaven, and Hell. I’m told…..” Cas’ voice grew quieter. “-that Dean, Sam, and some of our tentative...
Cas caught the warm smile on Claire’s face before she went back to her usual look of disinterest. His own smile widened.
Sam affectionately raked his fingers through the archangel's soft hair while Bobby gave a slight nod.
“Ah, that won't be necessary,” the demon king politely refused, “We only need you to carry out the task of making this demon remember all the atrocities she has committed.”
“I think it is, Sunshine,” Sam whispered, “What would you like to eat?”
“Uh, yeah. That's right,” Sam backed up, giving Jess a smile, “Dickie's buddy is his moose.”
“I know,” Jess nodded, “I guess it just works fast for angels or something.”
“No way! Lemme feel it!” Gabriel said, stumbling over to quickly put his hand on Cas's stomach.
“Kids've got a point,” he muttered, winking subtly.
“Try it again, Jessica,” uncle Cas asked sincerely, kneeling down to take her free hand, “Please, let him know that we are all here. Tell him that we love him and we are trying to find a way to help him.”
“Yeah,” Sam blurted, looking just as shocked as Dean, “A kid with red hair. Did – did he make it? Is he okay?”
“Are you planning to go somewhere, Dean?” the angel asked, seeming confused.
With Bobby, Crowley, and Rowena's help, the garage was clean in no time. While Clare's parental group gave the place some finishing touches, Clare decided to take what was left of his wedding cake to the kitchen. It was just a short walk from the garage, and the trip allowed him to see Dean and Sam wishing a few farewells to Michael and Adam in the hallway. The archangel and the youngest Winchester brother were each holding some luggage, looking like they were prepared to leave. Clare caught a small bit of their conversation as he lingered in the kitchen.
But while hearing his family's voices seemed to keep him stable, Darkness was still in control of Jude. It kept glaring around at everyone's faces, growling and hissing like some kind of animal. Clarence knew that there had to be some way to pull Jude back into the driver's seat of his own body. If the song wasn't enough to do it, what was?
“Oliver,” Sam said quietly.
good. Castiel forgot what he was going to say for a moment. He only watched and listened to Dean whimper as the man sucked his throbbing organ.
“I'm still a wee bit confused,” Rowena huffed angrily, “Ya've had a chance to talk to Death, yet Fergus is still meltin' away in me hands. What the blazes is going on?!”
“Cas?”
“Jack who? I don’t know what you’re talking about. Cut to the chase.”
“I would’ve,” Dean said, in a matter of fact. Pulling back, his eyes trailed over every inch of Cas’ face. He brought a hand up to cup the angel’s cheek, and then Dean leaned forward to press a kiss to Cas’ forehead. “Where ever my soul would’ve ended up, nothing was gonna change. I’d still love you.”
“Chillax, old man. I'll fix it in the morning,” Gabriel said, hopping onto the bed on the right and tugging on Sam's hand, “Get over here, peach. Come and lay that pretty head down next to mine.”
Lucifer’s smirk weakened. How did Michael know about the earthquake? The question must have been written on the devil’s face, because Michael took a deep breath and answered without being asked.
“What are you talking about?” Sam whispered, feeling lost.
Thank you guys sooo much for all your support! I love each and every one of you! And I hope you continue to enjoy the story! I will be here, bright and early, next week with a new chapter! It will be out soon! :)
“I can't believe we're doing this right now,” Dean growled lowly as he lowly began to pace in front of the refrigerator again, “This is completely insane.”
The end of Clare’s shout turned into a choked-up sob and he fell onto the bed to wrap his arms tight around Jude’s shoulders. The sound tugged at Jude’s heart so much that he teared up, too. Man, he didn’t mean to make Clare so upset. He was only trying to save him. Jude closed his eyes and instantly hugged Clare back, nestling his head against the demon’s quivering shoulder.
“You think we should gank the ghoul?” he asked.
out. I'm pretty sure it's after me because I was one of the four archangels that locked it away.”
“Awesome,” Clare replied, his tone much lighter than Jude was expecting as he reached over to open the bedroom door again, “After you.”
“Yeah, that's true. He probably would,” Dean nodded, “If we can get him to show up.”
Dean blinked, hearing the elevator doors 'ding' open in front of him. He forgot, again, that Gabriel and Cas were still brothers. For all Dean knew, the two angels had probably been just as close as him and Sam; ready and willing to die for one another, no matter what. And, as bad as the situation already was, Dean knew that Cas and Gabriel's angelic relationship effected things. Dean couldn't very well harm Gabriel without hurting Cas in the process. Ugh, this was some straight-up 'Romeo and Juliet' shit, Capulet-angels and Montague-Winchesters all bickering and sneaking around behind each others' backs to get laid. Where was a freakin' longsword when Dean needed one?
Cas rubbed at one of his eyes in mild frustration. He spoke softly. “I’m sorry that our actions worried you. That wasn’t my intention at all.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas opened the ones from Sam first:
Cas unceremoniously dropped the bags in the center of the room. He turned and his eyes softened, falling on the sleeping nephilim. "I can put Jack to bed." He held his hands out.
There was a click of a tongue behind her. "You Winchesters can't ever just let yourselves be happy?"
Cas’ head tilted to the side just a bit. “Humans don’t live that long, Claire.”
She shrugged. “You heard em.”
Bewildered, Cas’ eyebrows furrowed. “Okay.”
“Thank you Dee-dad,” Jack muttered, taking Dean’s spot on the bed.
“Kiddo, I’m not gonna have legs if you keep doing that,” Dean laughed as he lifted the four year old up into his arms.
“And I got better.”
“You...okay?”
-blue one.”
“NO. So I’m supposed to just pretend I don’t see the whole little family act?” Claire took her foot off the step. Her voice dripped with venom. “Is this whole ‘helping me be a better hunter’ thing just something to ease your conscience? You couldn’t run away from playing house this time….so
Cas nodded in response. He then spoke slowly for Jack to mimic, “Shop-ping.”
“If anything happens we’ll do like we’ve always done. We fight.”
“Oh.” Dean’s grip on Cas’ leg tightened.
Grimacing, Claire quipped, “I bet that went over well.”
“I believe that is the correct term, Dean.” His grin widened. “Trick-or-treat.”
She rolled her eyes. “You know what I mean,
“No,” Jack said, wrinkling their nose. “I’m trying to look like an
Claire shook her head. “Never mind that then.”
do I need?”
“And then you almost didn’t get to fulfill that promise.”
The next thing Cas knew, he was trapped in a bone crushing hug.
Cas’ raised a curious eyebrow. He took a few steps closer, stopping at the foot of the cart.
Claire stared at him in disbelief. Her hands squirmed awkwardly in her lap. “So the teaching sessions…?”
There was a pained tone in his voice that startled Dean down to his core. He shivered involuntarily. Glancing over at Cas, he saw that the angel had his eyes glued out the window. It bothered Dean not being able to pin down what was bothering Cas. It felt like so much more was hidden in that apology.
"Time is vastly different here, but I know it hasn't been long since…” The angel shook his head. He was angry, but Dean couldn’t figure out the wild look, storming in his eyes. “WHAT did you do? What happened?"
It wasn’t long later that Sam got up from the library chairs they were all located at and rested a hand on Cas’ shoulder. “I’m so glad you’re back. Sleep well.”
The next several minutes were spent going in and out of the dressing room. Each time Cas hesitantly pulled the curtain open, Jack burst into cheers and clapped. Claire’s cheeks were stained pink from quiet laughter. Slowly, he was getting used to coming out for their inspection. He even remembered on his own to spin for their benefit….and more likely their amusement.
Like he just realized that she was there, Dean’s eyes snapped over to her. His mouth quivered. “He’s my…..” His grip on the creature tightened.
“You are. I don’t under-”
Dean could hear the way Sam’s eyebrows had to be pinching together. “You’ve been telling me for weeks how overboard Cas has gone with the Halloween stuff. How did he forget the candy?”
Exasperated, Cas stormed across the room and put the bowls down. He then went over to the cabinet and flung it open. He snatched the empty candy bag and returned to his previous spot in front of Dean. “Is there
Cas was silent for a long time. “Ever since the earliest homo sapiens, humans have used their fingers to count. Ten fingers.” He held up a hand and wiggled his fingers. His expression was disconcerting. “It’s more than enough to count the number of angels that have basked in God’s presence. The rest of us had to rely on faith.”
“We could probably start tomorrow. Does that mean you’re planning on staying for a while?”
“Oh.” Cas crossed the kitchen to discard the damp paper towel in the trash. “Late 2013, I believe.”
. I’ll text you the address.”
Since they came home, Dean had barely been able to get his four hours of sleep. Every time he tried, he woke up in a cold sweat remembering the sweat and the blood smeared on Cas’ face. A part of him still wasn’t completely convinced that Cas wasn’t going to drop dead on him the second he let himself relax.
Dean’s eyes snapped open. “What do you mean there’s no candy?” His free hand shot up in the air. “It’s Halloween.”
It hadn’t been long since they buried Cas, but one of the days Dean wasn’t drunk. Sam was surprised until he found Claire at the bunker door. He told her to wait while he talks to Dean first. He was angry. She doesn’t need to know, Dean. This will hurt her.
The angel’s gaze pierced him like a knife, but that didn’t stop Dean from circling around the impala to stop directly in front of Cas. He held his hands out. “Just let….”
The angel shrugged, and Dean rolled his eyes. Annoyed, he smacked the lid off the box. Inside were three sealed bags of Halloween candy. “Whaaaa?” His brain completely shorted out.
“Hey, Cas?” Her voice was quiet enough that he almost missed it. Cas stopped and looked over his shoulder. She asked, “What’s your favorite kind of flower?”
“The what?” Dean dropped the spoon in his hand and turned around.
“Dee-daaaad!” Jack bolted around the corner locking eyes with him immediately. Seconds before they latched onto Dean’s legs, the nephilim froze in place. “Hi, Eileen.” Their small hands signed more confidently than Dean’s did. “I missed you.”
“No.” Something about her expression seemed quieter. Her gaze slid back over to Jack for a moment. He was leaning forward against the side of the cart closest to Cas. His fingers were wrapped tightly around the metal. “I….uh” Claire turned her attention back to Cas. “It looks like you.”
Dean turned with a small smile tugging at his lips. “Come here.” He gestured for Cas to lean forward.
“I know things aren’t one hundred percent safe with Michael still out there,” Cas started. “But I’m glad that you’ll be home for Christmas. I fear I would’ve ruined Jack’s holiday if you weren’t here.”
know that the dog was just like his owner; perverted, always hungry, and as stubborn as a jackass...
" the angel gasped, shocked and aroused by his husband's unexpected entry.
“See, Gabe,
“I'm glad you're okay, boy,” the British demon hummed, only for Clare to hear,“I don't say this very often, but... I'm sorry... I should have told you about that maniac sooner.”
"Say 'Cristo'," Jude answered quickly.
When Gabe flew away, more family members started to appear in the room. As Jude looked around at them all, he realized that he hadn’t taken the time to assess the cabin itself. The room they were standing in was spacious with a tall ceiling, but it felt moist inside; almost like an abandoned shack that had been forgotten deep in the woods. There was a couch, fireplace, end tables, and a few shelves scattered throughout the room, as well as a set of bunkbeds in the far corner near the window. Dust and bits of mold covered everything, showing that it had been untouched for decades at least.
Once he had Jessie in his arms, Sam made his way across the parking lot and toward the brick building. The entire area was deathly silent except for the looming whisper of a cold breeze. Jessica was warm and limp against Sam's chest and he was kind of grateful, because the darkness of the playground probably would have scared her if she was awake. Hell, it was even starting to make Sam a bit worried. Why would Gabriel choose to have a surprise meeting here? Why didn't he just have it back at the warm, brightly-lit motel room? Geez, this place was giving Sam the creeps...
Clarence smiled that side-ways grin and leaned forward to find Jude's mouth. He planted a small, tender kiss on Jude's lips, bringing the smell of his hair closer to Jude's nose.
“I believe I'll take that old hat you're wearing,” the demon answered.
“Nothing… that we know of,” Michael replied, “We will just need to be very cautious.”
“Thank you, Katie,” Jude eventually said, looking back down to the sweet girl in front of him, “I promise to take real good care of it.”
Castiel took a breath of relief as he reached out for Bobby's shoulder. The angel quickly flew the man to the dining area of the White Swan Hotel, where food was still flying through the air. It appeared that everyone in the room was in the fight now, adults and children alike. The floor and walls were doused in all manor of substances, as were all of the people. Castiel spotted Dean hiding behind a chair, tossing grapes toward Sam and Gabriel, who were barricaded behind a table.
was Lucifer? He didn't seem very tough. After seeing what Jude was capable of, Jess was sure that her cousin could probably take him in a fight... Still, Michael was hesitant to go any closer. The older archangel remained a good distance away from the fire. And it seemed like his presence really pissed off Lucifer.
"Yeah," she answered, curling some of her golden hair behind her ear, "Of course I'll go with you."
“Sorry, you guys,” he said quietly inside their little huddle, “Gabe accidentally left some, um, special cherries out in the open and Cas made them into a pie...”
,” she squeaked, gently scratching his head.
Jude felt like the wind had been knocked out of him. What? Clare's dad? His real father? But, it couldn't be Clare's dad. He was killed by uncle Crowley a long time ago. There was no way it could be him! Jessica must have seen the denial on Jude's face because she nodded.
Sam exhaled a breath that he had probably been holding and forced a nod.
While Dean drove, Jude was already coloring happily in the backseat, but Jessica seemed more interested in watching the scenery fly passed her window. Sam stole several glances back at his daughter during the trip, noticing that she was staring up at the sky with a curious expression. The weather was overcast that day, kind of cloudy and drizzly, and it seemed to be upsetting her.
The sound of shattering glass interrupted Meg's sentence. It came from her lap, where the beer bottle in her hand snapped inside her tight grasp. Red blood immediately began to pool in the palm of her hand and Castiel's heart ached. Meg was already in enough psychological pain. She did not need to add any physical pain to it.
“There is no queen,” he answered, though he didn’t elaborate. Instead, Cas started to ease toward the door himself. “Dean, I know how resourceful you are. You could break out of this room if you really wanted to. But please, I must ask you to stay here for your own safety.”
"But, I - "
“The diamonds are kinda small,” Jude shrugged, even though they were massive, “but I guess it'll do.”
But it surely wouldn’t be the last.
Castiel gulped as he stared down at his angelic brother. Even with all of the wedding plans distracting them, as well as the strangers taking up residence in their home, Gabriel had given Dean and Castiel the small gift of time to themselves. The archangel could have stopped it before it even began, but he didn't. Because he wanted Castiel and Dean to have a lovely evening. And it
Gabriel made a face and laughed.
Though uncle Gabe looked a little surprised to see the smile on Clarence's face, he slipped into the room to put the tray down. Jude carefully edged his way around Gabe to get to the door, feeling his face burning hot with embarrassment and utter joy. He didn't want his uncle to know that he and Clarence had just shared a steamy first kiss.
” Jessie's soft whisper echoed to him like an underwater lullaby, “
“You were right, Dean,” the kid breathed, his voice high and full of pain, “We're gonna have to train Jessica and Jude how to defend themselves. They need to know about everything. Spells, sigils, weapons, angels, demons, all of it... Hunting is going to effect them whether we want it to or not. And they deserve to be prepared when it comes.”
he was going to take me to his house and let me live there. I thought I was going to have a new home or something... but when I got out of the car and he drove off, I was too hungry to feel bad. I just swallowed those burgers whole... Shit. I still hate the taste of burgers...”
“So much for five minutes,” Gabe sighed.
The kitchen was silent for a minute or so. It seemed like Dean was feeling the same way Sam was because he didn't say anything. He just stood there and blinked at the blonde kid in front of him. Clarence eventually took a step back and a hint of surprise clouded over his expression, as if he couldn't believe he said all those things out loud. The guy slowly turned around to face Jude and Jessica again, who were both staring at him with woeful eyes. Clarence gently slapped the condom on the island and slid it in front of Jude.
"So hot cocoa doesn't have any caffeine. And I
“Um, as much as I would love to discuss this further, I have a group full of gingers to get to Dad's house,” he muttered woefully, “I'll see you guys later, okay?”
“I like him too,” she smiled, “Do you think Ollie likes bunnies, Daddy?”
The confirmation that it was true only made Dean smile more.
Jane didn't notice that Gabe and Sam were approaching until they were already a few feet away. She had to double-take at them and suddenly gasped, letting a warm smile light up her face.
“I dunno, Daddy,” their daughter slurred, “He said he was gonna bring home a surprise.”
The way Ollie rapidly fired off facts made Jessica giggle. He said the funniest things when he was nervous. She couldn't wait to walk around the festival and hear him say more things like that.
“I... I know it's none of my business,” Bobby began, bracing his shoulder against the chilly breeze, “but were you lookin' at houses?”
With a small '
Though he couldn't speak, Crowley was able to form a faint smile through the grimace of his pain and blinked once. Dean patted Crowley's clinched hand and Bobby's shoulder before standing up and turning to face Castiel, Sam, and Gabriel.
“Yeah. And severe lack of food and water causes the brain to hallucinate,” Jessie added, wanting to help, “You better drink up, Clare.”
“Yes she did,” Dean replied carefully.
sick.”
“It's still on,” Jess nodded sagely.
“You've always got a home here, kid. Stop by anytime,” Dad offered kindly, “And be good to Bobby, alright? He's seen his fair share of hard times. Listen to what he says, okay? He's got a lot of wisdom to share.”
“I just want to be there to share it with you,” he admitted, glancing between Clare's wide eyes and trembling lips, “I love you more than anyone. Don't listen to those mean voices in your head, Clare. Don't let them tell you that you're not important, because you are. You're my best friend. My future husband. My whole universe, remember?”
“De nada,” he replied.
," Sam denied, yanking himself free, "I'm not going to leave her here by herself, Gabe!"
“Spit it out, kiddo. Tell me what's up,” he encouraged.
“Besides making me puke, they seem okay,” Jude answered, holding his own stomach, “I can’t really feel them much. I know they’re in there, but I can’t really tell them apart. Not yet, anyway.”
?!” Jude exclaimed, reaching up to cover his own gaping mouth in horror.
Although Dean couldn't exactly put what he was feeling into words, Cas seemed to understand what he was trying to say. His blue eyes gradually softened and he stepped forward to join Dean and Jude's hug, wrapping both of his arms around them in a loving embrace. Dean immediately hooked an arm around Cas's back too, holding him close to kiss the side of his head. He never wanted to let either of them go. Dean wanted to hold Cas and Jude in their new kitchen forever and keep feeling his heart throb with warm emotion.
Clare and Jude paused their exploration of the photo album to turn and face Crowley and Bobby. They were both still sharing the black umbrella, staring at Clare with concern.
The baby only blinked and used his small hand to grab Clare’s finger. The demon chuckled a little at the sensation, probably finding it too adorable to handle. In the meantime, Jude raised his daughter closer to his face so that he could gently kiss her warm forehead.
“It wasn't Jude,” Jessica's voice snapped from the other side of the room, “Jude would never hurt a fly. It was that thing inside him.”
“You may consider it a consolation that this situation baffles and discomforts me as well, Dean,” the angel said quietly, in the hope of giving Dean some peace.
“Darn right,” Dean agreed with a chuckle, carefully standing up and holding his hand out, “Come on, buddy. The Justice League is about to have a meeting.”
“We'd better feed the masses before they get cranky,” Clare mentioned.
Jessica almost gasped when Ollie jumped in front of her. The red-haired boy was soaking wet and standing between her and the bear, waving his arms like crazy.
Jude and Ollie glanced at each other and Jude could tell that his friend was just as uncomfortable with this plan. Trying to 'reward' Michael with Adam's life seemed like a really terrible thing to do. But Jess and Clare did have a point. Adam was safer being asleep right now. Still, Michael was rightfully outraged. And Clarence was rather proud of himself.
! Ah!”
With a furious breath, Sam opened his mouth to speak, but a breeze in the kitchen interrupted him. The heavenly aroma of coffee hit Sam like a Mac truck and he spun around to see Gabriel holding up a sack of genuine Colombian-grown coffee beans.
Dean blinked strangely at his little brother. What the hell was he talking about? Dean and Cas were sitting right in front of him. Dean glanced over at Cas, knowing that he heard the words too. The angel's eyebrows were knitted together and he looked confused, if not a bit surprised.
“Jude... hates... flying,” Castiel replied carefully, closing his eyes to combat the sickness.
“Clare?” Jude asked.
“I do,” Sam nodded.
“Holy shit, Gabe. Don't tease me,” Sam panted, his heart pounding with excitement as he gripped Gabe's moist thighs.
Or was he trying to drown his emotions?
Sam could tell by the overly-innocent tone in Gabe's voice that he was lying. Oh, God. He must have done something awful. Sam shared a weary look with Dean before pushing his way passed Gabe to start out of the room. Dean and Gabriel were both at Sam's back, followed by Cas, Dickie, and the kids. All of them were walking toward the study in a mass group of anticipation. The closer they got to the room, the more Gabe tugged nervously on Sam's arm.
“What do you want?” he asked in a gruff tone.
“I didn’t say it would be easy, numb nuts. I said we needed to do it,” uncle Gabe replied angrily.
“How – how could you ever think that, Cas?” Dean breathed.
“I am blessed to have you in my life, Dean,” Cas's deep voice whispered into Dean's ear.
Pleasure pulsed from Castiel's pelvis as the man bobbed his head along the shaft a few times. Dean brought his hand forward to clutch and stroke it while his lovely mouth lowered to nip at Cas's scrotum. As Dean trailed his tongue along the tense sack to suck one of the testicles between his lips, the angel couldn't help but think that the most impressive work the creator had ever accomplished was on Dean Winchester. His mouth in particular seemed to be distinctly paramount; strong teeth, swift tongue, pouted pink lips... And the whole of it seemed to become
“No, Sam, don’t be stupid!”
A hint of pity appeared in Michael’s eyes and it was enough to turn Lucifer’s stomach. The eldest archangel hung his head but raised his sight to the younger with hopefulness.
“That was purely magical,” uncle Cassie said, blinking strangely with a small smile.
“Dean, that was not your place,” the angel stated, voice even lower, “It is Clarence's decision whether or not to tell his mother what happened to him -”
A smile finally spread on Clare's mouth when he heard some of his own words being repeated to him. The remembrance of Clare's proposal and all those sweet things he said were playing in Jude's mind as he finally leaned forward to bring his mouth to Clare's. This kiss was serious, but full of passion. Jude parted his lips long enough to taste Clare's mouth, restoring the familiar taste of young love between them. Clare's hands raised to cup Jude's face on both sides, gently holding him still as they kissed. When their mouths parted, Clare rested their foreheads together so that they could share the same breath as dawn's purple glow faded into pinkish-yellow around them.
The man’s cheeks colors in a slight red and he immediately looks up to the menu boards above.
He knows Cas is right. He knows that Cas knows that he loves him, and that he loves him back and that it won’t start the next apocalypse and that no one else would even be surprised and still-
“I just missed you.”
“Well… I got distracted” Dean smirks, then nods towards the menu boards. “I’ll take the same again.”
It means “don’t end it like this”.
Don’t do this, Cas.
Don’t praise me like I am worth anything. You have seen me at my worst. It was not all that long ago.
Dean’s head shoots up and he looks at Castiel like a deer caught in the headlight.
Castiel looks up as the little doorbell rings for the hundredth time of this day. This means, a new customer just entered the shop. A smile lights up his face – genuine, not as any sales pitch – as he sees the man walking towards the counter.
(shredded, battered, useless and still,
“Thanks”, he mumbles and avoids looking at Castiel. He can’t blame him.
He ordered his food daily since then.
), the feeling of his own hand steady on Cas’ back.
“It’s okay, Dean.”
It all meant the same.
Dean nodded, noticing Cas step backwards out of the stall and return with a fresh towel.
Jude struggled to fan out the playing cards in his small hands. He always wondered how grown-ups were able to hold their cards so that they could see the numbers in the corners. Daddy and Papa were doing it so easy. And even Ollie was holding his right. How did they do that?
After whispering goodnight, Jude split up from his Dad and uncle to get to his own bedroom. Turning down the hall, he noticed that Jessie's bedroom door was closed, but her light was on. Jude assumed that his cousin was probably changing clothes or something, because he and Jess rarely closed their bedroom doors. They liked to be able to see one another from across the hall – unless their fiances were staying the night, anyway. In that case, doors were closed for obvious reasons.
Bobby was glad to hear the hidden joy and relief in Crowley's voice. Aw, the ol' demon-bat actually
After getting Cas to stop crying – and making him a sandwich, because he said he was hungry again – Dean made it a point to ask Bobby if they could stay at his house for a few days. He didn't want to intrude on the poor guy's life too much, especially without asking for permission. Of course, Bobby said that he didn't mind at all. Hell, the old man even gave Sam and Gabe his spare bedroom and pulled out the couch bed in the study for Dean and Cas, providing places for them all to sleep.
Even though she was experiencing the worst pain of her entire life, Jessica managed to find the strength to push. She clenched her jaw shut and bared down with all she had; squeezing all her muscles until she couldn't stand it any longer. The lack of oxygen made her head feel light, so she released the pressure and fell back against the pillow to breathe hard, hoping that she wouldn't pass out. It seemed like the pain was finally going away.
“... kind of,” Jessica admitted.
Dean took a deep breath and nodded, glancing down at Cas's backwards tie hanging in front of him. Shit. He didn't want Clare or Jude to be upset. Especially not this close to their wedding. But how the hell was Dean supposed to fix it? After a second of contemplation, Dean lifted his sight back to his husband's face.
“N – no,” Sam laughed, “No, I... I just love you. A lot.”
“We?” Dean repeated.
But just as they finished carrying the last few dishes into the main room, Gabriel caught Sam in the kitchen. The archangel tugged the man into the farthest corner and stood up on the tips of his toes to give Sam a huge sloppy kiss. Sam wasn't expecting the sudden burst of chemicals that rushed through his veins when he felt Gabriel's tongue in his mouth, so he pulled away almost immediately.
