Tony would not say a thing; Steve was sure of it.
When he designed that part, he had only thought of the potential of such facilities to be used in a suicide attempt. A tenant could drown themselves or exposed themselves to extremely cold water in the shower to cause hypothermia or overdose on drugs that had to be present for a case of emergency. He did not consider how dehumanizing and humiliating this would be for the tenant, to be denied access to facilities any human being had to use several times a day, except for when their… 'keeper'… was around. The more he thought about it, the more terrifying the place was to him. He designed it, he knew each feature and where it was located and how it could be used to push him further down the narrative Steve wished to impose. If he felt Tony was too uncooperative, he could shackle him in a room meant to contain the Winter Soldier through murderous fits, or simply not let him eat or use the facilities at all. Tony thought it was a bit excessive, he regretted not listening to his first instinct now.
"Haven't you heard anything we told you?" Clint hissed from the other side of the room, "Did you even look at the pictures? That man is deranged, he killed Tony Stark. And you want him out there?"
"We will call you, and notify the foundation." Rhodes nodded, then, he slowly walked by Steve, made no eye contact.
Then again… the entitlement was part of Tony's nature, and Steve found that more than just endearing…. Exciting in the way it kept him on his toes and contradicted his own nature. It was a big part of the reason he knew Tony and he were meant for each other, the reason he loved him.
"Tony doesn't want me to be there." He says, and his frown deepens. "Nat, he can't bear looking at me at all."
Poor Sam had nothing to do with Steve's evilness, but at least now the word is out.
Steve moved to wrestle the knife away from him; he was unconcerned for the wounds Tony might inflict on him as the serum was guaranteed to heal all by the next morning.
Was losing consciousness possible in a dream? If he did – would he finally wake up? Tony's eyes drooped close as the kiss just didn't seem to end, and the terror of dying yet again filled his heart. Worse yet – he'd die in a hospital rather than a battlefield while doing good for the world, helpless and vulnerable by the hands of his childhood idol? It'd better be a nightmare, better be some sort of coping mechanism, trying to put a… 'friendly face' to his impending doom…? Oh, he ever so hoped it was really that.
"Careful! It could injure you worse the next time." He warned, and he didn't think his words sounded like a threat, even if Tony's big eyes widened and his entire body recoiled like prey facing off a predator when he said them. He tried to smile to ease the mood, but found himself frowning when Tony averted his eyes to look anywhere else but at him.
But no amount of preparation could help him process what he saw when he came into the room, nothing could ready him to the sight forced on him or to the reaction of his body to its existence. He couldn't control the gritting of teeth at the sight of the nearly skeletal body and the visibly distorted arm in an insufficient and dirty cast that could do no more for its recovery than leaving it bare could, he couldn't stop the tears at the sight of  deep colored bruises on far too pale skin, he couldn't stop the turmoil of his stomach culminating finally into a gag in his throat when his eyes finally caught on and reached the face of the body he was looking at, unable to make a connection to who he knew as Tony Stark.
Both of the spies remained persistently still where they stood, glaring at him. Something in their expressions began to change when he talked, as if they had just come to some incredible revelation – then Clint looked around him as if searching for something, and Natasha's glare turned vicious just before she lunged, firing the Widow's Bites at him in a sudden move that he was barely able to block with the shield, followed by a kick to his unprotected side.
tell you I love you… congrats, asshole, the brainwashing worked."
Natasha sat next to him on the floor, her hand fumbling with the little ball which made a purring sound and vibrated under her fingers. "At this point, they might not believe this, either." She said quietly. "I think they know it's true, on some level. Bruce does at least. But they don't want to believe, I don't want to believe it, even now. I worked with him, he is a symbol... to them, nothing might change that."
His stare followed as Steve walked around the room, fully aware that if the man chose to attack again, there'd be nothing and no one who will save him in the middle of the night. He could press the duress button again – but wouldn't that just put civilians in harm's way? Steve was willing to do all sorts of things to him as he lay dying, in the middle of a battle and with full intent for him to die as a result. Why would he care to go through a couple of friendly nurses in order to get to him and finish the job?
“Swift and righteous!” Sam glared at the two before looking back at Emerson.
PETER
She not so gracefully shoved the books next to Steve before crawling up on the couch and onto his lap. He groaned in pain when she stepped on his crotch, holding his frustration in to let her move around enough to finally sit on his lap.
And beautiful.
Normally when Wade came home after a long trip, he'd immediately jump the spider's pants. Usually he'd barely get a chance to say hello before the man tackled him in love. Today he just gave him a kiss, before quickly calling his future father-in-law upon hearing the news.
“I thought maybe...you’d want an out…” Tony said slowly, too cowardly to look his husband in the eye.
“Remember wha-” Bucky was cut off when the blonde kissed him. He tasted like tequila and sweat, but the taller teen didn’t find himself immediately shoving him back. I mean, he did after a second, the thought of taking advantage of the younger man shooting panic up his spine.
“Chance for what?” Steve said as Tony went to pick up the guitar, standing on his tippy toes to put it on top of the bookshelf. “Tony,” Steve began to chastise, immediately stopping when the brunette sent a death glare his way.
“Steve I um…I actually…have a son.”
“Renee was my childhood friend.”
She remembers hugging him tight in return, laughing as his hands moved down to start tickling her once they got inside – the man knew all her spots, taking full advantage of that as she tried to escape him.
“I don’t think I said those exact words…”
“Like us,” Steve confirmed with a smile as he leaned over to kiss that adorable man.
“You’re Steve? Like Tony’s boyfriend Steve?!” she asked as she shoved Rhodey to the side. “Come in! Mama look who’s here!” the girl called out as Steve allowed her to drag him inside, ignoring Rhodey’s glare.
“Mama...does Dad still have the pictures of him and Uncle Frank being drunk and setting the yacht on fire?” Tony asked just as the smile fell off the woman’s face.
“Can I help? Mommy says I’m a good helper,” the toddler offered, seemingly done with the tears.
“These aren’t weapons…” Daci said quietly, shooting a tiny arrow for emphasis and sticking it dead center on the plasma tv.
“Of course baby, what a great idea! You are such a sweet boy,” he said as he added a few kisses to his cheek. Peter squealed in delight before trying to escape his grasp.
It was a beautiful day to have a picnic in the park - at Steve’s suggestion. Harley was even starting to warm up to Steve, holding the Alpha’s hand as well as Tony’s as they walked to the park. Steve was carrying the basket, but his full attention was on the pup who was telling Steve about his new favorite dinosaur.
“Steve said what she’s doing is illegal…”
“Shout it from the roof tops, why don’tcha?” he harshly whispered back. There wasn’t even anyone within eye site. He waited to answer, enjoying her impatience.
“Right, I get it...so maybe you should get the fuck out,” the blonde spit out, words like acid. Bucky stood there a moment, staring at Clint and taking a deep breath.
“I love you Steve,” the man confessed as he made eye contact with him in the rearview mirror, “but right now? I need you to get the fuck out of my car.” The sound of the doors unlocking shook Steve out of his trance, nodding as he made his way out of the car and onto the sidewalk.
Emerson suddenly reached behind her to grab Steve’s left wrist. “It’s after midnight! Happy birthday Peter!” she said with a smile after giving her Pop his arm back.
“Is Harley okay?” she asked with a smile when Morgan turned to crawl towards her. The toddler was still clinging to his father as the baby curled up next to Daci.
“Like I said...it’s nothing…”
Her eyes watered a little as Happy pulled up along the sidewalk she was waiting on. She quickly got in before he sped away.
"Sex trafficking," Peter answered for him as Wade remained silent.
“Well then, trust me. Go home,” she added with a little glare, going so far as to give him a gentle shove towards the door. “You’ve got an entire team behind you. But right now you need the one in front of you, waiting for you at home, okay?” she suggested more gently as he nodded in agreement, grabbing his things to leave.
She peaked once more out the curtain as the Dean started listing the graduates names to accept their diploma, spotting them a few people before her name would be called.
“No,” Steve said with ferocity, growling a little as well. He put one arm around his pup and drew him close. “No
"Come on Jamie, I think Poppy made some cookies for us," Pete said as he hefted the toddler on his shoulders and carried him into the kitchen.
“Papa! I can’t find Optimus, I think I left him at Momma’s house,” the boy said with a pout as he entered the kitchen.
The brunette looked down at their girl, who was awake but looked too upset to talk. So he turned back to the blonde, who smiled back tiredly at the man.
“Not like I have a choice, right?” she asked as she reached out to grab her plate and bring it closer to her.
“It was my fault, I...I asked her, and well…” Clint stuttered out, clearly flustered with what just happened. Which only made Daci feel worse.
“Answer my question,” she snapped. “Why did I have to lie to him when he asked me how
But since she was also a Stark, she couldn’t let her vulnerability slide without making a sarcastic comment to save face.
“Yes that’s exactly what I’d call it.”
“I don’t drink,” he said without thinking, as it was always his automatic response but now seemed kind of rude in the moment. He didn’t have time to cringe as Tony continued talking unfazed.
Tony and Steve were having a shouting match in the living room with none of their children within eyesight, and they turned their anger towards her and her father when they saw them.
“Oh oh! Give him here!” Clint cried out, fumbling off his raft and swimming over to them. The Omega was having hardcore baby-fever, and honestly Tony couldn’t blame him. His puppy was the cutest puppy in the world since his big brother was a baby.
is a bastard,” Helen retorted, now getting a laugh from Joey as the teen felt her chest burn with warmth.
“Yeah, just…text me when and where and I’ll be there,” Tony said with a small smile as he stared at Steve a moment longer.
STEVE
“Hey!” he heard suddenly, watching as his sister joined the circle and stepped in between Peter and the two.
“Yeah-huh,” he said back dumbly, glad the ride started moving again. “Well, I think it’s cool.”
“Thanks for the coffee, and the company, but honestly my life is just a little complicated right now…”
“Guys, really, I appreciate it. But I would really rather work,” Steve said after giving the three some pointed eye contact. His friends collectively groaned but didn’t press the matter any further, especially when they were no longer the only ones in the station.
“Tati?” she asked after grabbing one of the duckies and proceeding to play with it in the water.
She laughed as Miles threw another pillow at Peter, who was teasing the boy about trying on his mask when he thought he wasn't looking. The three turned as they heard their Dad approaching, walking in to join them with his mug of coffee in one hand and his breakfast in the other. He placed the items down before making a beeline to the smiling teen.
“I swear to god, each of you, the revenge will be swift and it will be righteous!” he said with a smile as he angrily kept playing. Emerson had two cards left and was excited to win. Uncle Bruce and Uncle Rhodey had won the last few games.
“I’m so sorry you went through that, Jo. Those people…don’t listen to anything those shitheads said, okay?” he asked, smiling when she did.
She took another moment before making her way inside, stopping to talk to her favorite receptionist – Gladys – who was an eccentric older woman who always made her feel welcome there.
“But…” Steve said, his inner Alpha changing to being defensive. His mate seemed to catch on, grabbing his hands to further get his attention.
He took the opportunity to shower before grabbing the box of photo albums and home videos, showing up at the mansion about half an hour later.
“I…had
"You can't do this alone, so stop trying to do this alone. Do you think just because you're no longer the youngest that you can't come to us in need of comfort? I know you had a nightmare that night I helped Miles with his," he said as he pulled the teen onto his lap and swaddled her in comfort. She looked a little perplexed before rolling her eyes, able to figure out Jarvis had been the one to rat her out.
“Emerson, honey,” he reached his hand to rest on her shoulder in comfort, “I’m the one who should be apologizing. Yes, you said something mean out of anger but I should have been more sensitive –”
She glanced at her from her window seat, a small smile appearing on her face as the woman smiled and waved goodbye. The ride home was only about fifteen minutes, and she spent that time day-dreaming about having a grandma.
“I have never once believed that from you,” she said unimpressed, walking over to take Peter in her arms. “You’re going to be good for your Daddy, right Peter? Remember your manners, okay baby? I love you so much Petey,” she said, kissing him all over his face. He giggled in response and tried to say ‘I love you too’ between the onslaught.
“Daci!” Morgan suddenly shouted, startling the other two.
“I’ve been okay,” he didn’t technically lie, “being in all the extra clubs and stuff helps distract me.”
“Shhh, it’s over, baby girl” her Dad whispered as he placed kisses on her hair. He gently rubbed her back with one hand, the other wrapped tightly around her shoulders to squeeze her against his chest. She felt him rock the two back and forth, her cries slowly tapering from both tiredness and his love and comfort.
“I don’t doubt you’re good at your job and enjoy it, but it’s obviously not what you want to be doing – right?” the brunette asked as he ordered himself another cup.
He never hit her when he was angry. Well, except for the occasional swat. But when he actually spanked her, he made sure he was calm.
“Are you feeling better Joey?” Peter asked, shifting to sit in between her and Steve on the couch.
“Sweet! Thanks Pops,” she said smiling at him. She stood for a moment later, obviously waiting for Steve’s reaction. Remembering Tony’s words, he simply smiled back and replied, “of course, baby girl,” before turning back to his drawing.
Because what happened next, her blonde father who is also an Avenger should have seen coming.
The blonde went to fill up a glass of water from his son’s bathroom, wondering how long his son would sleep. As he placed the water on the night stand by his unconscious boy, he turned to place a kiss on his son’s forehead before moving to follow his husband and daughter out of the room.
“Yes,” she answered through gritted teeth. “He’s one of my loving fathers.”
He sat fuming on the couch, glad the kids were in bed as he waited for his husband to join him. He had just asked Jarvis to tell Tony he needed to see him – the man had been in his lab the last twenty four hours – and felt his anger growing with every second he waited for him. It was about a minute and a half until he heard Tony walking quickly into the living room.
“Sweetheart, what...what are you doing here? Are you by yourself?”
“You may want to check your father’s study, Master Tony.”
“You already are,” he said as he selfishly relished getting to hold him. And it seemed Tony was able to read his mind again, chuckling a little before squeezing Steve tighter.
“What picture?” she hissed as the girl snuck her phone out to show her.
The thought made her feel guilty, even though she didn’t do anything wrong.
The blonde sunk down onto the couch, resting his head on his hands as he felt James sit on the couch next to him. Sweetly rubbing his back while Clint focused on his breathing.
“Uh…it was a she…” Jo said awkwardly before stealing a glance back at the woman. Helen looked genuinely surprised, cheeks flushed adorably pink, before muttering, “oh, oh.”
Two days before her brother’s eighteenth birthday – the Avengers siren went off. She owes her Uncle Clint twenty bucks; he said Starks were cursed and something bad would happen on Pete’s big one eight. Just like their dads’ twentieth anniversary, and apparently on Pop’s ninety-fifth?
“Are...are you sure?” Tony asked, crossing his arms behind his back and fidgeting in place.
“It’s a secret!” Harley said with a laugh, dodging when Steve threw a punch in slow motion.
The three were in the Tony’s room when she and Steve got there, Peter sprawled on top of the unconscious genius while the two adults stood off to the side talking quietly. She quickly set down the breakfast items on the nearest counter before walking over to the brunettes.
“I’m not angry Wade,” the superhero said, stunning the two.
STEVE
“Yes, the cunt. So when Staci the cunt and her entourage approached me between classes, she called me a dyke in front of Mr. Jefferson and he said nothing. He did, however, address me as Miss Stark…
The gun never went off, however, just shot out of his hand from a loud pulse as he now grabbed that too in pain, toppling over himself. A familiar red and yellow mechanical suit stood in the door way, one arm raised in the air. The Iron Man took a step forward before her Dad materializing out of the suit.
“My legs don’t work, just let me be,” she said as she tried to rest her head on the counter again.
He stayed back with Peter as she rode some of the scarier rides solo, actually glad for the excuse rather than he was too scared for most of them. They got cotton candy and funnel cake before Tony realized they hadn’t actually had lunch, which prompted the vote for corndogs and sodas.
“I’m Steve, by the way,” his handsome Alpha offered, extending his hand in greeting. But Ty being the asshole he was, ignored Steve altogether and focused on Tony’s son.
They ended up playing some hand game called ‘rock, paper, scissors’ which Tony apparently lost, watching Tony and Morgan head towards the bathroom while Steve, Harley and Peter headed back to the living room.
“Tony, you’re not helping. Bucky, it’s going to be okay,” Steve said next to him as Bucky concentrated on his breathing.
He ran his fingers up and down her back, wondering how much longer that creature would plague her mind. He smiled when he realized she was trying to control her breathing while still burying her face in his chest. Peter used to do the same thing when he was little.
It was two days before they walked across the stage, and Steve was starting to wish high school could’ve lasted longer. Here he was practically a king...but out there? He was a nobody. Who had no idea what he should do with his life.
Until something pulled him out of his deep slumber, some kind of nagging sense of longing from the bond.
of this is your fault, cub. This is all me, okay? It’s my fault you’re here. And I’m so sorry for that Daci. Vivienne she...she was drugging me this whole time…”
“Not the point, guys…” Steve began. “Who was smoking in the field with you?” he asked, frowning at seeing her suddenly look anywhere but at him.
“The nerve,” Steve said in agreement, stepping closer to Tony.
She woke up on the morning of her eighteenth birthday, wondering if she could fall back asleep and wake up in the afternoon. She didn't even feel particularly bad, she just never really cared about birthdays and wanted to sleep most of the day away.
he gave a lot of fucks about this kid!
“Ma made me promise to record it, you know she has to work,” Steve pointed out, crossing his legs and smiling at his baby niece – who was currently making grabby hands for him. When she started whining for release, Bucky lifted her up and held her steady on her two legs.
Turns out she was, Tony surprisingly waking up first and smiling when he noticed a mop of brunette hair between him and the blonde. Heart also aching a little at the thoughts that had plagued her over the night.
Holy shit it was by far the coolest thing to have ever happened to him.
“Tony. I am trying to have a serious discussion with you,” his sexy man responded while gently pushing him back.
He rounded the corner, stopping at the sight before him. The warehouse opened up to a field, which when he walked out into, was lit up with lanterns and revealed his friends and family holding their own lanterns in the background; continuing to sing in a beautifully slow harmony.
deserve the one thing she asked for on her eighteenth birthday?" the man asked with a smirk, seeing his girl give her best puppy eyes to her other father. Steve squinted his eyes as he looked back and forth between the two a moment before instantly conceding; he smiled and shook his head at the pair.
“Tookies!” Harley exclaimed with his tiny fists thrown in the air before dancing in a circle.
Fuck Steve must’ve looked more exhausted than he thought.
“Sweetheart, it’s fine. I can take care of this. SHIELD agent, remember? I’ll just need to head to the office now. We can try hanging out again on another day,” Vivienne said with her hand on her father’s shoulder, breathing into his ear. It seemed like she was being helpful, but Daci couldn’t help her glare towards the woman.
Steve rolled his eyes, angrily putting his drawing aside to grab the diaper. He glared at his brother before reaching down and simply pulling the girl up to lie on the couch next to him. He took advantage of her confused look and quickly put the diaper on her bottom, finishing with the clasps before she knew what had happened.
“What about you, Em?” his Pop asked to change the subject, “what do you want to be?”
“Pete, why don’t you and I take a walk while your Dad entertains the masses? Em think you can make sure he doesn’t over work himself?” Steve asked with a smile.
“Pop and I can move your bed into the living room if you want,” Steve said as he unhelpfully started moving furniture around.
“No, not tonight,” the genius confirmed as he shifted the boy in his arms.
be the one to fix it, since this was mostly her fault.
She rummaged through every cabinet and every shelf, unable to find the damn cranberry juice she was looking for. Her parents were having date night in their bedroom - eww - while Peter and Wade had taken Miles out for a "boys night." So she was left to fend for herself on this Friday night, wondering where in the hell they kept juice after checking the fridge for the third time.
Steve’s jaw literally dropped, staring in amazement at his new friend. This guy was
"That we're both idiots, but we're good together."
When they got to the station, they saw Sam and Thor getting out of their truck, greeting them as they entered the station with them. She had suggested getting enough for the other medics, ignoring her Dad’s inappropriate joke about hand feeding the Australian.
“Are you really going to make me bring up the MET Gala of ’96?” he asked with a smirk. She returned the laughter and quickly pointed a finger at him in defense.
When he finished, he stood quietly a moment later, letting her take in what all he had said.
“Oh yeah?” the blonde asked smugly. “Cause that little butterfly back there would argue differently…”
“I think we need to call security, Margaret! This unstable iron man fan wants to check on Mr. Stark but doesn’t have any form of ID…” Janet sneered.
Plus Clint loved him, so he wasn’t worried about the two getting along.
He had prepared himself for a loose fist to come flying his way.
He and Steve got married after Tony graduated from MIT, but held off having kids as Steve continued figuring out what he wanted to do. He still did art, and took some commissions for local galleries, but after Buck got back the two went to school to be paramedics.
“I’ll take it back!” she threatened. Steve gave her a quick swat for that, stopping in his tracks when she retaliated in kind.
“-I never said that! You are not crazy!” Bucky snapped back, immediately calming down and speaking in a softer tone. “I want to help but it’s like no matter what I say it’s wrong.”
Wade. Like, more then Peter to the point that the big brother has accepted his fate.
Her Pop moved the two to the bed and pulled her onto his lap.
“I…may have had some doubts and wanted…reassurance,” the genius explained. When Steve opened his mouth to answer, he heard movement behind him in the apartment. Then they both heard the sound of glass shattering followed by a “fuck!”
He wasn’t really mad, aware that his family could tell that as well. Whatever he got it from Dad anyway, theatrically leaving a room. He rolled his eyes while descending the stairs - able to hear the loud ACDC music playing behind the glass walls.
“I remember,” she said with another laugh.
Peter put a tracker in the suit and made him check in every hour, while Wade was on standby should Spiderman need assistance from Deadpool.
This was bad. So very bad.
(See the end of the chapter for
Currently, the family was walking along a dirt path to his old friend's home, taking pictures of the scenery and gawking at the wild life. Nothing carnivorous was nearby, they were assured, but beautiful herds of cattle roamed peacefully near them.
"Yup, and I'm bringing Shuri with me," she said to the boy as his eyes bulged in excitement.
She heard a click behind her before the lights shut off.
…and for the first time…thoroughly distracted…
“Yeah, well epilepsy is still a debilitating disease,
“And since that day,” he said, not caring about the free flow of tears at this point, “since
“You know…you’re a real Stark. Even though you didn’t take my name. Which, again, totally fine – I get it, you kept Barnes for your Dad…”
“Hey, don’t make eye contact, she might come over here.” She rolled her eyes at her friend and did her best not to look at the beautiful woman.
“Different parenting styles, Mr. Rogers,” Howard smirked, purposefully not addressing him correctly as an insult. “Now, if you’ll mind your own goddamn business, I need to speak to my son.”
“Bye Daci,” Steve said with a smile as Tony grabbed his husband’s hand, the two looking happy as they headed for the elevator. Her Tati’s arm wrapped around her as Daci easily leaned into his side.
They heard tiny feet pad their way back as they turned to a confused looking toddler.
“Just think of us as Peter’s dads,” Pop offered with a smile.
Steve returned the kiss and tightened his arms around Tony’s waist, his tongue darting in to Tony’s mouth to explore further.
“So you like living with those ridiculous men?” she asked just as the rest of the ridiculous family entered the pool room.
“Not as much as I should, I think…”
,” she whispered back, a smile on her face as she helped the blonde follow the others to the kitchen.
“You don’t wanna watch that?” Tony asked with a laugh, loving every time he got to witness what a good marriage looks like.
“Whatcha thinking about, Pete?” asked Em.
“If it makes you feel any better, I told him he was delusional. Offered him a ride to the hospital,” he said, smile spreading when he heard Tony chuckle a little in his arms. He snuggled him closer, smiling into his hair as he let Tony postpone the inevitable back-story.
"You think that's cool? My Pop over there is Captain America," Emerson said with a nod to the man, who easily returned the smile before turning to smile at the astonished little boy. He was surprised she hadn't told him up until this point, then quickly realized how adorable that would be finding out for the first time...clever girl.
“Yeah, I like him a lot.”
“How’s your ankle?”
“If he’s under some kind of spell, how do we snap him out of it?” Romanoff asked.
reasons he loved this selfless man.
His Dad had a point, even if he wasn’t willing to admit that out loud.
,” he finished with a whisper. Her arms, which were loose in shock quickly constricted Bucky in a tight hug.
,” he whispered to the man, rolling his eyes at the blonde’s beaming smile and handing him the bag of ice. “I’ll go talk to my kid then shower whatever remaining smell she put on me before I apologize to Clint.”
But he
Steve gently made his way to sit across from Emerson, crossing his legs to try not to appear large or intimidating. He could see fresh tears in her eyes and spoke gently.
“Nothing dangerous!” the Omega called after the two, hating that neither even looked back to respond.
He couldn’t put it off any longer. He was thankful for the many excuses that prolonged this from happening, but his parents were about to meet his boyfriend, Wade. After their fight over the accords, he was thankful his dads were looking like his dads again. However he was not ready for the upcoming onslaught from his family nor how utterly embarrassing the planned lunch would be.
Tony continued thinking about Steve even when they finished building a lego tower that Harley immediately destroyed pretending to be Godzilla.
“I promise, Peter. She said she was going to try to think of a way to make it up to you, so if you have any ideas – let me know.” Tony watched his son hum in thought before extracting himself from their embrace to stand up off the bed.
“Sir, it appears you are delusional. Would you like me to escort you to the nearest hospital?” Steve asked with a smile, glad to see it piss off the man.
EMERSON
“Oh that they hear,” Sam muttered, just as the two turned back to each other. “Wait are we still going out?” he said a little louder, getting a chuckle from Steve as his brother and his mate started kissing each other.
“Wow,” Clint breathed out happily, grabbing Bucky’s hand in his and squeezing gently. “Would you really go right now?” he asked curiously, smiling when the brunette chuckled.
“No,” Sam once again turned back to look Steve in the eyes. “That is a horrible idea. You are the only two men on this planet she trusts. Do you really wanna break that?”
– the Walker boys here and was also the one who began the physical aspect of this “altercation” – ”
“Anthony! Where are you manners? I’m sorry mister medic, ignore my very rude friend who is clearly more concerned about getting laid than his friend he ALMOST KILLED!” the man said as he winced in pain as Sam finished up the bandages.
He knew with everything going on, neither would be able to sleep.
"Having a family, I don't know if I could do it man."
“Our plan was to go out anyway, Steve join us and celebrate,” Nat said as she walked around and stole Sam’s spot.
While the burgers were sizzling and the fries were baking in the oven, his little brother asks if he can ‘handle the rest’. Pete throws a glare his way before waving the teen off, not a fan of the smug look the brat gave him.
“Hey, no that’s not okay,” she replied with a frown, putting her hands on her hips. “Bruce doesn’t break your stuff so you can’t break his.”
“Can I help you with something, anorexic Barbie?” she said deadpanned. An ‘ooh’ was murmured among the other girls, Joey noting that Cara had remained silent.
“Yup, and you’re going to Ruth’s after a doctor clears you and you’re staying there until they come back.”
had insulted my family; but I refuse to continue to sit here and do so. Or else I’d have to call one of my husband’s
He reached an arm up to grab the knife still wedged in his shoulder, again screaming from the pain.
"Yeah," her Pop interrupted fondly. "I said the same thing."
Later they sat together in the living room, Tony curled up in front of Steve while Joey sat as far away from them on the couch as possible. She seemed more relaxed after the pain meds set in, grabbing a blanket to curl around herself as she waited for them to start the conversation.
She didn’t want to get her hopes up, until she heard the familiar sounds of her father’s pulse blasters. The monster in front of her had also noticed the sounds and had figured out the same thing as her. That’s when he used one of his hands not clutching his bleeding stomach to grab the gun in his back pocket, whipping it out to shoot her.
And who fucking cares if it did? Tony thought to himself, pouring himself a drink. He felt his phone vibrate, not looking but knowing it was Steve calling him. Fucker can get his own ride home, he thought bitterly.
“Are you guys getting hungry?” Tony asked, pulling the boy onto his lap.
“That’s amazing May! Congrats!”
“Don’t you
“This is our first party as like, a couple!” Clint said excitedly as they waited outside James’ house for Tony to come get them. James was standing next to him, rolling his eyes at him.
at these two again, you’ll answer to me
grade class and tell
"It's not a big deal," her father grumbled, though she could feel his smile without even seeing him. She wasn't sure how she felt about that.
“Oh Tony, you didn’t need me,” Steve said with that goddamn sincere smile of his. “You could’ve done all that on your own.” Tony couldn’t help flushing from the praise, taking the blonde’s hand back and dragging the two to his car.
Taking his hand eagerly, the two quit being gross
Universe was not on her side tonight…as the second-hand smoke did just what the doctor warned it would.
“-NO! ’S’NOT OKAY EMERSON” he interrupted, shaking his head from her embrace flailing his arms, somehow more dramatic than when he was sober – she chuckled internally. She sat back as he met her eyes again. “You don’t deserve this and I know what you’ve gone through and it was just selfish of me, honestly-”
They stopped once they heard the familiar ding again, the three turning their attention to the entrance way.
Oh fuck, who was he kidding. Clint would climb that man like a tree if he’d let him.
“Two hours, give or take,” he mumbled as his eye sight rested on Steve’s lips. The blonde simply smiled back at him, licking his lips in return as the brunette shook his head to bring himself back to the present.
“Jarvis,” Tony said, addressing the ceiling, “if you’d be so kind as to play a little Notorious for the Captain here.”
“H-hi,” Daci said.
He made his way to the living room, following the sounds of laughter from his parents and the guest. He instantly recognized the round head and found himself frozen in the entranceway. Sitting with his parents in the living room…was his Uncle Phil. Aka Agent Phil Coulson of SHIELD.
“Steve, babe, her wheelchair will go into their bedroom just fine,” Tony said, walking around Sarah to stop him.
Between the four of them, the costumes should be...interesting.
“Do you want to stay for dinner?” he offered as he turned the radio down a little.
Tony felt hot tears spill down his cheeks as he stared at her in awe, taking those words in. His bottom lip wobbled before bringing her back into a crushing embrace.
“That’s awesome Daci, I can’t wait to see it!”
"Now look what you've done," Tony said to Thor, who was clearly enjoying the change of subject. The man's smile eventually faded as Tony stared him down.
“Bruce?” Tony asked, unaware that Rhodey knew who he was. “What about him?”
“My dad died when I was thirteen and my mom remarried three months later. And six weeks after that, my step-father started molesting me. It went on for years. When I finally gathered the courage to tell my mom, she told me that liars go to hell and I shouldn’t dress provocatively if I don’t want that kind of attention. Kinda contradictory, isn’t it?” she rhetorically asked with a laugh, hurting Bucky’s heart more as she continued.
She jumped in their combined embrace as they clung to her, both men fully crying at seeing her safe and sound. She heard Shuri get out of the car as the two men brought her to the ground in a loving dog-pile.
not soulmates,” Clint responded with a pout, even though he simply wrapped his arms around the larger man in his lap.
“If it wasn’t for me you wouldn’t have met him that night!” his brother loved reminding him. But Steve didn’t care, because he was head over heels for the Omega.
“He’s out with his new girlfriend, huh?” That apparently was the wrong question, as her tiny body stiffened next to him.
“Not that anyone can prove, no,” James said with a shrug, getting a laugh from both the blondes.
Those words stuck in his mind, focusing specifically on the ‘damsel’ part. He’s never seen Clint as a damsel, even the first time they really talked and he helped him with Rumlow. Notice he didn’t say ‘save him’ from Rumlow, because deep down he knows Clint can take care of himself.
“Likewise. Thanks for looking out for this obnoxious shithead for me. Lexi is your big sister, right? How’s she been? She single?”
"That you are one of the greatest men I've ever known. That Deadpool has done more good than bad in this world. And that I love you dearly." Wade kissed him again, wrapping his arms around the smaller man and bringing him into his embrace. Peter used one hand to caress Wade's face, using the other to reach over and press the elevator button.
“Oh, my young padawan. The sass is strong in you,” the genius admitted, finishing with a hand over his heart. They heard another splash and all turned to see Wade pull Lillian out of the water, arguing with Peter about how her floaties had
“Okay, yes, I’m sorry,” she shot an apologetic look at May, who simply smiled at the teen before grabbing their empty bottles and taking them to the kitchen to give her some privacy.
"I thought I'd try behaving for once, see where that got me," the brunette said quietly as he sat at full attention. The naked super soldier crawled on the bed over to the genius, settling for straddling his lap.
But this dumb fuck -
Steve rolled his eyes heavily at that.
in front of everyone.
“Is there a problem in here?” a booming voice asked, the crowd parting as Thor walked over to them, eyeing Brock and James for a moment before crossing his arms over his chest. “If you two wish to fight I suggest taking it outside and away from the house.”
Inside was a somber affair. Rhodey and Happy were standing off to the side, speaking in hushed tones. Pepper was sitting next to Maria, comforting the woman and sitting next to them was Howard with a sniffling Harley in his lap.
“Hey pumpkin, it’s a quarter past noon and you have a guest.”
“Mr. Stark, I was just telling your husband and daughter that she is cleared to go home. Test results came back negative and the exam showed no signs of foul play. Unfortunately she’ll still be a little woozy after the seizure, but other than that – she’ll be just fine,” the young doctor said with a smile on her face.
“Peter,” Tony repeated, looking at the pup wrapped in a blue blanket. A little fluff of brown on top of his head. He was perfect.
Sure enough, Steve was in the kitchen dipping some strawberries in melted chocolate. Tony tried to behave himself when he saw the blonde lick some chocolate off his fingers as he turned to greet the two.
She huffed in disapproval before burying her face back in his neck. He couldn’t help the chuckle that came out from his adorable daughter.
to come down for…whatever bullshit reasons he spilled.
“Brock, enough man…”
His focus shifted back to Jo when she moved to rest her head back on top of the couch and stared up at the ceiling. Tony took a gulp before responding to her remark.
“Anything the young Miss might require,” came the AI with the British accent. Alright maybe he’s kinda comforting.
“Josephine,” he said quietly, genuinely doing his best to hide the anger in his voice. She lowered her shirt in fear, reminding Steve he had promised
“I’m Dr. Stephen Strange, your mate’s surgeon. Your Omega is okay and will make a full recovery, he’ll just have a few scars on his chest.”
“Happy birthday, baby,” Tony said to Steve, running his hands through his wet hair as the blonde turned around to face him. Using his strong arms, Steve hoisted himself up out of the water to kiss a giggling Tony.
“Okay then,” he continued, Jo not able to look at him as he walked over to sit next to her. “Come on kiddo,” the blonde said sadly as he grabbed her arm and pulled her across his broad lap.
,” she whined in embarrassment. She still felt angry, but it was overpowered by the guilt and shame and mortification and humiliation and self-pity and heartache all currently burning her insides out.
dog, the brunette long since falling in love with the three legged klutz.
“But it also brought you to us. And for that, my beautiful, kind, badass, baby girl, I am grateful.” He paused when she put her head down with a smile and a blush. “I love you very much, Emerson.”
“Okay, fair enough,” he started, before immediately stopping.
“What
“Hm, so now you think everyone deserves a happily ever after? Cause I hate to break it to you James, but fairytales ain’t real.”
“I would bet, let’s give her… three days, four tops, she calls you Pops out of the blue,” he says using his hands to make air quotes. “In fact, a blow job says under three.” Steve couldn’t help his eyes rolling, his husband using any and every opportunity to make him flush. “And when she does,” Tony continued a little more serious, “you can’t react to it. You have to act like nothing is different. Because behind that little badass snarky shell is an insecure fifteen year old girl who isn’t sure how to ask her Papa if she can call him Papa.” Steve looked into Tony’s eyes for any sign of a joke. When he realized what Tony was really saying, he smiled before kissing his husband back.
not to!”
Warning: cp in this chapter too
“Joey, I didn’t need her confession to believe you,” he said quietly. The teen simply blinked a few times in response, not fully processing those words. He looked away with a small smile before bringing her back into his crushing embrace.
She threw her hands up in disbelief, walking around her bed to lie on her stomach – laying a little away from him in protest as she glared at the man.
“Oh, you don’t have to do that,” she said. Steve’s face scrunched up at that, she always wanted a snack.
“Stop being paranoid, Sam. We are not ganging up on you,” her Uncle Bruce said giving him another plus four after Em had reversed it. The three laughed out loud as Sam actually growled in frustration. Emerson curled over herself as she laughed harder when he went off on a tangent.
He felt his smile splitting his face when Steve snaked his free arm around his waist and pulled him close. Tony felt a rush of warmth flare in his chest and did nothing to hide his smug smile. He was actually starting to love the glares the bitch was sending his way.
Steve was almost taken aback by the man’s presence, steeling himself to throw a nod to Sam – who looked skeptically at the stranger before returning a nod and closing the door.
“Be there for him,” he said quietly, shrugging his shoulders.
(See the end of the chapter for
Her brain short-circuit.
He kissed her head a few times before whispering, “I’m right here Jo. I’m not leaving you.” He assumes it was the right thing to say, feeling her tears continue to stain his shirt but her shaking sobs die out.
Natasha got them the latest, safest and most secure stroller on the market. That hasn’t even come out yet.
“Pease?” she asked with a small smile. Steve couldn’t help smiling back at her for that. She was still a cutie, despite her many faults.
To be cock-blocked by your teenager when they are home is one thing, to be cock-blocked by your teenager when they're supposed to be at school because they apparently missed
“Fair enough. I accept your apology. But I still want to apologize to you for being insensitive. I just…it kills me to see you in such pain,” he said with his eyes downcast.
The brunette quickly opened the box and handed his husband the second smaller box inside. The blonde opened his box finally looking away from his son, eyes and smile growing as he inspected the gift. His Dad straight up laughed, holding the mug to his chest as he bellowed. Emerson curiously looked before shuffling over the couch to sit next to their Pop; who leaned over to show her his mug.
“Platypus?” Daci asked in confusion, which got an eye roll out of his friend.
Though he carried him like a Neanderthal, he laid the beautiful man gently on the blue sheets before attacking his mouth again. What proceeded to happen was hands down the best night of Steve’s life.
“M’pretty sure you claimed the corruption title on our last date…” Steve teased right back, grabbing the brunette by his hips to pull him into his embrace. The Omega practically purred in delight and shifted to kiss the blonde in greeting. It only lasted a moment before they heard tiny footsteps quickly approach them.
“It’s 2014, Tony. Welcome to the future.”
Kissing Tony is like an eclipse.
“Shuddup and cuddle me.”
Just friends.
“I do, though. And if I don’t now, I will.”
“What does that have to do with me having a crush?” He’s still not used to the term. It sounds juvenile.
because he missed Tony and decided to be sad and alone but intoxicated. Which is like, not a great decision itself, but
The Avengers call goes off at that
Doesn’t want to see his brown eyes look at him like he’s about to leave. Steve doesn’t know how he’s become so goddamn afraid of Tony leaving. He knew he would.
“It’s not exactly unusual for you to be in my bed, Tony.” Steve winces, like he’s not allowed to mention that a few weeks prior he and Tony were sleeping together every night. “Sorry.”
And now that the has permission to, Steve’s always bringing food down or quietly sketching something in the corner of the room. He’ll chat about ideas, let thoughts bounce around the room, and- he’s incredible.
It’s a lovely afternoon, and he has a great time because it’s time with Tony and that’s
Rhodey, I’m a fucking disaster with a million problems to boot and you’re fucking incredible and-“ He goes to interrupt, but Tony doesn’t let him.
He’d been sleeping with Captain Fucking America.
Then Thor comes in the room.
But no. He’s offering.
that he’s loved since the moment he stepped into that math class, and now he’s close, his hand brushing his, and it’s a kind of good he’s not allowed to have.
But with
Tony doesn’t really ask, this time. It’s the first time Steve’s seen him devastated- really, really wrecked. He’s sat by a record player, some Italian opera playing.
“Hmm?” His heart is in his throat. Doesn’t let him say a word.
It’s not really a party, just the 6 of them, pus Rhodey and Pepper and Happy flown in too, and Steve- he lives for that smile, that loopy grin over Metallica and his pretty mouth mouthing the words
Steve.
It’s slow going, and Steve being around means his memory increases exponentially. The bots love him, and Steve is so good with them, talks to them like they’re real, and Tony- he can see how easy it would have been to fall in love with Steve.
“What is it, dear?” His Ma asks, and he doesn’t know how to speak over the relay in his chest, and he wants to
“Well, I guess, but-“
Tony saw him differently. Tony
He perks up instantly, and Tony- he loves seeing Steve happy. It’s incredible.
and he wants it, wanted it for ages, doesn’t know how he almost let
this man, but he already knows he should always be smiling.
“You said I could have anything, right?”
“I think so,” and it gets away from him.
Just. James saw it
“You aren’t marrying Strange?”
Thor and Tony.
4 years ago, Tony would’ve been nursing a drink, alone, with nothing. Nothing at all.
That’s what he kept telling himself as he found a parking spot, spending a few extra minutes in his car. He had told Steve the address and time in case he needed back up, but had ultimately reassured his boyfriend and claimed he could do this.
“No he’s not. My father is a child.”
"What haircut, Steven?" the shorter man asked he remained standing, even as Steve and Miles made their way to the living room.
“Sorry Peter,” Leo said quietly. Before Peter could reassure the child that this clearly wasn’t his fault - his Dad spoke up for him.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Another mission you can't tell me about?"
"No I haven't seen your brother, I saw the lab explode and the men take you and just..." she trailed off as she looked at anywhere but the eighteen year old standing in front of her.
“Let me tell you about how much your future husband sucks at fishing,” Joe said, slinging an arm around Tony’s shoulders and leading the two inside.
“Yes well, children aren’t supposed to sit on the counter. Now hush, I’ll watch the Disney movies by myself if I have to. Jarvis? Roll it.”
“Agreed,” Steve said with a sigh. They turned when they heard Joey join them a moment later, running her hands through her wet hair and accepting the cup Steve handed her.
“Yes,” Steve said, a small smile on his face as he took a swig of his beer again.
“Stop right there, minions. Steve was just leaving!” Bucky tried intervening, but the rascals maneuvered themselves around him as they attacked Steve’s legs. And that punk of a ‘best friend’ just stood there laughing, ever the unhelpful bastard.
“It’s something Carolyn said…” she began, pausing to gauge Steve’s reaction.
“Daci?” her Tati asked in a gentle tone, walking around the couch to stand next to her.
“What was that, sleepy head?” Steve asked quietly, smiling at their kid.
“Yeah...there’s this blonde…” the brunette said with a small smile that immediately piqued Steve’s interest.
"What?" Tony asked accusingly as he rubbed his ear. "He's used to it by now!"
“Ooh! Steeb! Joey can sleep in my bed!” the toddler suggested as Tony beamed at his child.
“And I’m going to eat them all,” Howard teased as he passed the others in the hall, carrying multiple bags of food.
“Hey Pep! Were his pants on fire? That usually is a dead give away,” the teen teased back, going in for the hug her pseudo aunt had her arms stretched out for. The woman laughed easily into the hug, causing the smile to stay plastered on Jo even when they pulled away.
“Um, help yourself to literally anything. I’ll be back in twenty minutes.”
Their aunts and uncles were fun, but sometimes you just wanted to be a kid. They spent about an hour at a playground by the movie theater before seeing the latest Dreamworks film. They had purchased popcorn and all kinds of candy, throwing a wink at his sister when she realized he had one of their dad’s credit cards.
"Hey baby, when did you get so tall?" the blonde asked as the brunette walked over to the man with his hands behind his back.
“Back?” Tony asked in clarification.
He had seen it on Bucky too many times to count.
Pop never did this. He can count on his hand how many times he’d seen Pops truly upset. And not one of those times did he bring Peter into it. He understood that mind set, feeling like you have to be the strong one above all else. Like he didn’t want his son to see him weak or fragile, even though he was still a human being –
“Yeah, sure. Yeah, sure,” the brunette mumbled as he stumbled out of the room. Steve took a moment to look at the two very confused four year olds, wondering if he could do this.
Tony didn’t wait for him to finish. He lifted his hands and slowly tugged Peter out of Steve’s arms, pulling him into his chest. God, he was
“No you won’t, you never do!” Steve responded curtly as he turned around, “half the time you barely even let any of the information sink into your head before it’s out the other ear again.”
He wasn’t sure what stopped him, really. Maybe it was because Thor was looking at him as if he just needed someone to talk to, about anything at all. Maybe because Thor had helped Steve before even knowing him, at a party full of people that were more worth his time than Steve had been. Maybe it was just because Thor was a friend, and Steve really didn’t want to have to deal with this on his own right now.
“Christ on a bike, Tony, what happened to your
make you weak, Steve. I promise.”
Tony thought,
Tony thought, glaring over at the other group. They were one the right side, where the one exit was. His first thought was that they’d probably rigged the entire basement floor to blow, but he quickly discarded that one. Once you left this corridor, everything beyond it was volatile enough to destroy the entire city, should it be tampered with. These guys didn’t look the type for that.
He could think of worse places to be, though. Despite initial reservations, Manhattan wasn’t so bad.
leave when things are hard, you
with me, Jesus-”
He huffed. “She worries too much about me.”
Frost cocked her head a little, and Steve caught Ty smirking across at a few of his friends. “Hmm,” she said after a while, turning her eyes back over Steve’s head and across to Tony instead, “so this is our replacement then?” she asked, her voice soft- dangerous.
“-well this sounds heated,” Tony said in amusement as he slipped down into the seat next to Steve and then smiled in greeting. Steve just harrumphed, shooting Sam a very dirty glare from over the table.
“I’m sorry, but I’m abandoning you all again,” Steve stuck his head around the door of the living room and smiled brightly at them all, “I’ve been given a better offer, and honestly, you were only really here in the first place because I couldn’t get you all to leave.“
, that’s what they always did, right? This wasn’t going to last, it
you. Steve, I… I lo.. I-”
Captain Rogers, bear in mind that it is likely he already knows you are here.”
“I feel like we should introduce ourselves properly,” Steve yelled, not entirely sure where his brain-to-mouth filter had disappeared off to all of a sudden. “I’m Steve Rogers. Hi.”
“We have literally just come out of the restaurant, Tony.”
Tony laughed, those lovely brown eyes curling in delight. “I fuckingknew it. I
. Steve was a grounding force that Tony always wanted to gravitate toward. Sometimes, he was the only thing in the goddamn world that could make all the thoughts stop, even if it was only for a moment. His presence was calming and when Tony was having bad days, he always just knew. And he’d make sure not to talk too loudly, make sure to not talk about Bad Things, and he’d touch Tony a lot because he knew Tony needed it.
Steve watched him go, and Tony caught his eye for a second; shooting off one last shortened smile before turning away and falling into step with Tiberius. When Steve glanced back around, Thor had a face like thunder.
“Brilliant,” Steve finished for him firmly, sitting up a little and then tilting his head, “don’t even try and argue it, Stark.”
God, he was so fucking glad it hadn’t been something worse. This… okay, so this wasn’t exactly
Tony threw up his hands, looking over Natasha’s shoulder and into the living area where Clint had Peter settled on his lap, feeding him a bowl of something or another. “I don’t know,” he admitted, “could be. But this wasn’t a suicide. Someone came to take her out.”
“It’s all I could think about,” he said quietly, voice shaking, “this whole week, I’ve just been… over and over and over in my head, and then I walk in this afternoon and suddenly I’m
He may have slipped toward the end, though. Question time- dammit, the questions always got him.
“And that’ll put a black mark on your record for the rest of your life.” Mr. Wilson sighed, lips pursing. “You’re a smart kid, Steve. But you’re
But Tony had started up the engine, and not even Rhodey was able to convince him to stop. He took one last look at Steve, and the with a sad smile, he kicked off the break and drove away.
the voice in his head told him, stronger this time,
They both laughed; Tony rubbing at the back of his neck and then biting his lip like he was debating something. Steve watched him for a moment, before it seemed the boy finally found his tongue and said “hey, so how would you feel about me monopolizing your company for a little bit? Just- I want to show you something, and everyone seems… otherwise engaged right now, so I thought-“
A short chuckle, and then Tony shuffled again. “Wait and find out,” he told Steve casually, although it was near-impossible to miss the tentativeness behind his words.
“It—” Reed sighed, running tense hands through his hair. He shut his eyes. “It would tear a hole in the timeline. You’d go into a temporal loop that you could never escape from and the whole of reality would collapse around you, to put it lightly.”
He and JARVIS didn’t talk until Steve got into Thor’s apartment, when the AI quietly thanked Steve as he was placed down on the coffee table. Tony was awake when Steve came back, sitting up on the couch next to Thor and gingerly holding a mug of what seemed to be tea in his hands. He looked awful. There was no other way to put it. His face had surpassed pale and moved to almost translucent, and one side of him was covered in dark purple marks. He looked… defeated, more than anything.
He hoped to god that the others were coming. Not for his sake, but for Bruce’s and Rhodey’s and Nat’s. Someone needed to get them the hell out of there. He always told Thor off for summoning lightning in the tower, but God, what he’d give to see that crack of electricity in the air just then, or hear a drawled-out curse that told of Clint Barton’s presence, or the flash of a red white and blue shield as it arced through the air.
it’s an intervention, what I’m wondering was what the fuck it concerned-”
“I’m not actually your personal servant, sweetheart,” Tony said absently as he picked at the pasta on his tray.
. He thought Fury at least had to be happy about that much, right?
“Wuh- what? No, no, ‘m… I’m good,” Tony mumbled as Steve shifted him, sitting upright and then tucking Tony into his side so that his head fell easily onto Steve’s shoulder.
Steve’s eyes were shut, body limp. Tony’s hand went to his neck, feeling shakily for a pulse while he leaned down and hovered his cheek over Steve’s mouth. “Come on,” he whispered frantically, mind reeling from the whiplash of emotion- seconds ago, everything had been
“Nice day for it,” someone muttered by Steve’s right, and he felt the movement in the air as someone came to sit by his side amongst the rubble.
Tony yelled, and Steve rolled instantly, turning to face him- just as a horrifying crack tore through the floor.
Steve just sighed. “I suppose I could go to the hospital,” he muttered, “if you insist. And. Uh. The date, too. We could do that sometime as well.”
He was home.
“HYDRA is over,” Tony growled, his voice filled with determination, “the lie is finally bubbling to the surface. I’m going to expose you and your filthy organisation to the world, and there isn’t a damned thing you can do about it. I won’t kill you. Not now. But I assure you, I’m going to make sure you spend the rest of your ugly little life in the corner of a prison cell. So remember what you said about Steve- remember how you said that his life amounted to nothing. Because when you die of old age in SHIELD custody, you’re going to think of Steve Rogers over there, and you’re gonna realise that you picked the wrong fucking side to root for.”
Bucky was gone.
Steve very stubbornly did not make a move to turn around. “I… yeah,” he said, shaking his head again and trying to dislodge all the fragmented thoughts running through his mind. “Yeah, I’m good.”
“Bucky, I left him!”
Steve hadn’t known it then, but when he woke up the next day on a Friday morning and got ready to go to school all over again, he was never going to be able to forget what happened in the next 24 hours.
Steve fucking loved that about him.
Tony looked up at him. One last time. And then his fingers slipped away.
Tony was looking at him fondly as he slowly backed off down the street, and Steve had half a mind to tell him to face the way he was walking so he wouldn’t slip—but if he did that, then he wouldn’t be able to see Tony’s face. He decided against it, instead just smiling dumbly at Tony as the man walked further and further away. You’d think after two years they’d have settled down a bit, stopped acting like lovesick teenagers in public. But apparently not. It drove Bucky mad, honestly; he always asked how they kept it up. Steve didn’t really know what else there was to explain other than that he just really, really loved Tony, and Tony really, really loved him. It was that simple.
than happy- exactly where he was.
but he didn’t think he’d be able to take hearing Tony’s voice tell him they were over right now. Steve was pretty certain he’d just… shatter.
“No,” Tony cut in, slicing a hand through the air, “I am an adult. I do not need to be shown how to play some dumb kids game. I’ve gone this long without it, I don’t-”
Steve had never hated himself more.
He grinned and then waved it off. “I’ll explain it you later, Queens,” he said, “go see Tony.”
,” Tony shook his head sharply, voice getting harder, “it’s not… it’s just complicated. But this is what I’ve got, so I just have to deal. It’s not that bad, anyway. I’m gonna be out of there soon, and once I am-“ something flashed behind his eyes. Something sharp and vindictive in a way Steve hadn’t ever seen before. “- I am going to burn my father and everything he ever built to the ground. And then I’ll salt the earth.”
Eventually, the boy’s attention was pulled elsewhere, when three other boys wandered up to him and began their greetings. Steve blinked a few times, looking back down at the floor and taking a tentative step over toward the steps again.
Steve wasn’t sure whether he’d taken a full breath since.
“Whoah, whoah,” Tony grabbed his shoulders and leaned in, his face suddenly deeply concerned as he flexed his hands against Steve’s shoulders and looked down at him. “What do you think happened back there, Steve?”
It caught him by surprise. He hadn’t been ready to hear such heart-clenching words. Bucky, Bucky, Bucky—it didn’t make sense, Loki shouldn’t even know about him, that had all been before his time on Earth, it couldn’t be tr—
“Do you think anyone in this joint knows what the fuck they’re doing?” Tony asked him, which was scary, because it meant either he could read minds or Steve had just said the last bit out loud. “Steve, this is just a conglomeration of kids trying to act like adults. Trying to pretend as if they’re big. It’s not even a good party- shit music.” He stopped, running a hand through his hair, and Steve couldn’t help but watch the movement. “Look- you got a ride home?”
Steve rolled his eyes and laughed, but when looked up, Tony’s face was surprisingly serious.
It was about ten minutes later when Paul Wilson knocked on the door off the office, his face tight and his eyes falling on Steve’s bruised face with such a look of tiredness about him that Steve wanted to sink through the floor. He tuned out as Fury reeled off the events and then gave Mr. Wilson the usual procedure regarding a suspension. When the talk was over, Mr. Wilson led Steve out of the building without a word, getting quietly into the car and waiting for Steve to slip into the passenger seat.
Steve… had no idea how to respond. He… well… I mean, for starters, he didn’t even
That didn’t mean he was any less afraid of the possibility, though.
*****
abandon your fellow soldiers!”
had changed.”
He took a breath, steadied himself. Reached for the coffee pot and then grabbed the bottle of whiskey that he always kept next to it, because if he couldn’t treat himself today, when the hell could he?
Scrambling off the bed and grabbing the first shirt he could find- Steve’s, it turned out- Tony walked over to him, wringing his hands together. “So,” he started, “I may have started a website concerning bringing awareness to Unhuman life and culture after you’d left earlier. Cool name, I’m calling it Project BADAUSS- Baseline Allyship and Defence Against Unhuman Social Stigma, although I might change the name. Is it too long? I feel like it’s too long. Anyway, it was – It was a spur of the moment thing, but I just… there’s not enough information out there, Steve. We as Baseliners are choosing to be ignorant of shit that affects you every day, and it’s not right, and I want to change that. And not just in a… not just because I’m your boyfriend, but because someone needs to. And I know what I’m doing. I know who to talk to, where to spread the message. I want this to be a useful resource to anyone even remotely curious, and I want it to be the one thing on the internet that isn’t fucking filled with anti-Unhuman rhetoric, and…” Tony trailed off, looking at Steve’s face to try and gauge a reaction from the other man. But he was just getting a vacant stare, like Steve didn’t know what to do with himself.
A sharp breath sucked its way in through clenched teeth and he blinked rapidly, brain firing off a million miles a minute as he did the math. On average, they were called out for various missions about once every week. If Tony didn’t sort himself in a month, that would be four callouts he’d miss. Four times they wouldn’t have him on the field, but then have to deal with him back at home after it anyway. And he knew… yeah, they liked him, but he was pretty sure they liked Iron Man better. Without that on his side… how long would it take for them to get bored of the man underneath that?
“Steve!” Ty said, humour in his voice, “just the sadsack I was looking for, actually.”
Steve hesitated. “I… about that. I was—just for today, I could really really do with a surprise doctor’s appointment or illness or something, just so I could—”
Beginning to walk up to the front steps, he swallowed a little and then peered at the door. If he knocked, would anyone even hear the damn thing?
But Tony shook his head, eyes pleading. “Please don’t,” he said, “Steve, we need to… we have to work through this, okay. We
“that you did,” Natasha nodded pensively. “And then, when you picked yourself up from the floor and told a rather surprised Tony Stark that you were, in fact, fine, and not drugged or something- what happened?”
Natasha was waiting for him by the gates that morning, which was unusual, but not worrying. She was slightly sporadic in her actions- Steve figured she liked to keep herself unpredictable.
Steve turned away and followed his friends, heart up in his throat as he pushed through the crowds in order to catch up with them. By that point, the teachers had finally seemed to catch up with what was happening, and he could see a few feet away as Principal Fury himself marched down the corridors and grabbed Tony by the arm, pulling him out of the area as he yelled at the other teachers to go check on Tiberius. Tony swore at him viciously and shoved his hand away, but followed him a second later all the same. He turned his head, looking through the crowds for a second in searching, and Steve tried to push through and make himself seen, but before he got the chance Tony had disappeared around the corner, heading into what was undoubtedly the Principal’s office.
Steve, who was pretty tipsy himself, just sighed heavily. “He promised he’d come,” he said sadly, before adding “and he’s still got my’ fuckin’ phone.”
“Well then…can I take you to dinner?” were the words that came out of Helen’s mouth, but Joey took about half a minute to process them.
“I meant before dad died,” she said, causing Steve to glance at her. “You used to be fun.”
“Hey,” he greeted before sitting near her. Which surprised her, since this sweet kid has been nothing but skittish around them. He hung his head as he continued speaking quietly, “so...Peter told me you were in the system?”
“Jesus Coulson, warn a guy,” Clint muttered as he extinguished the flame before slipping the rest back in his pocket.
"I look forward to fighting alongside you in battle! Sleep well my friends," Thor boomed out before taking another drink. She and her father waved at the others as they exit and she couldn't help but smile when Clint was waving back at her.
“Run Jack! Run!” Andy cheered behind him as Bucky growled and stepped closer. “It’s the tickle monster!” The toddler’s tactic was to simply bury himself further into Steve, squealing and wrapping his pudgy hands around the blonde’s neck.
Steve halted at that, causing Tony to again wrap both arms around him for balance.
“This answer changes every few weeks, fair warning,” Tony interceded, followed by a pout from his pup and a chuckle from the others.
“Hey, Tony.”
“Okay...so I’m sure you’ve noticed - cause you’re a witch,” he paused to take a gulp, smiling into the cup as he saw her mock glare at him, “that Clint has some...issues…”
“Avengers, assemble.” Clint laughed so hard that she couldn’t help but join him, glad to see Clint so happy with her powers. No one else really asked her about them.
“Hey!” he shouted, banging on the door in a slight panic.
“Well, Mr. Rogers...would you like to come meet your son?”
"I'm sorry...who's son is he?" Helen asked as the grandfathers continued laughing - all well aware of the stories of a young and constantly naked Jo.
She squawked in protest but he was already down the hall and walking to the elevator before she could even muster a rebuttal. Knowing resistance was futile and she was too tired to be any sassy, she lay quietly over his shoulder as he eventually led the two to the…roof?
, Bucky mouthed to the blonde, for everything. Giving him a second chance, helping save his kid, snapping him out of HYDRA's hold, loving him...the list goes on and on.
" to him. He made eye contact with her as they smiled in realization, turning back to the people giggling about something.
“– NO!” She quickly interjected. “I…I just want to make sure they’re safe…” God, how weak was she?
Peter apparently did the same as Dad, because Pop was instantly rubbing his hand over the teen's face in annoyance. The arachnid grabbed Miles to use as a human shield, tickling the little boy in the process. Emerson and her Dad reached over to try and intervene, but Peter just tickled the boy harder. They went for Peter instead, dragging him over to their Dad's lap as their Pop pulled a shrieking Miles away from his brother; everyone laughing at the silliness of the situation.
“Then he should go lie down on your bed!” she whined.
“Are you going back to bed now, cheeseball?” she asked with a smirk.
Until the blonde’s eyes opened and Daci shot off his lap and ran into the room. Bucky watched with sad eyes as his daughter slowly approached the bed. Though he couldn’t hear what was happening, he could imagine Clint reassuring the girl none of this was her fault. A small smile spread across Bucky’s face as he watched Daci slowly approach the bed while Clint waved her over. His kid burst into tears, no doubt feeling guilty for her brainwashed actions while the blonde simply pulled her into a careful hug.
"Well it is and I do so there," the older man said immaturely, even sticking his tongue out for good measure.
“Of course they bonded quickly, the man gave him ice cream!” Pete exclaimed incredulously as he then heard his little brother cry out for help.
“Clint didn’t tell Mr. Fury. I did.”
“Hey!” she laughed, shaking her face back and forth to evade his obnoxious hand playfully teasing.
Emerson chuckled a little in his lap. “You know Pop, just cause you and Peter are both super people doesn’t mean Dad and I are fragile flowers. We’re both tough cookies. Have faith in your man,” she finished. Steve pulled his head back to laugh loudly.
“I miss her so much Buck,” the blonde whimpered.
“Come on cub, I went to one when I was little, I promise it will be fun!” her Tati tried convincing her for the third time. It didn’t matter how great seeing real animals sounded, she did not want to go to the zoo with Tati and...Vivienne. “Plus Vivienne pointed out how important it is for you to interact with animals, not just the stuffed ones,” he joked, nodding towards Wolf who was tucked into her arms. They were sitting on her bed in her room while Vivienne waited in the kitchen.
“No we don’t,” Barnes argued as he stood up with the baby and proceeded to take him and the diaper bag to the nearby restroom.
"Think she'll be surprised?" Clint asked, feeling surprisingly calm and...right about all of this.
. Steve pouted back at the man, rubbing his stomach before correcting himself.
"How do you know it wasn't me, Dad? Maybe I made breakfast?"
“He just…” he trailed off, not knowing how much he wanted to tell her and settling on the biggest problem. “He won’t talk to me! He won’t talk to anyone for that matter. I have to watch him get worse knowing I can’t do a fucking thing about it. Lately I’ve been walking on eggshells ‘round him cause I always trigger something with him...which he won’t even admit to! He won’t see a shrink, won’t take meds and won’t admit he has PTSD. I looked it up, he totally has the symptoms…” His step-mom put a hand on his knee when he finished, getting him to finally look up at her.
“Hey kiddo, why don’t you come sit and join us?” Steve asked.
difference,” he said sternly as she simply groaned and collapsed her face back into her crossed arms on the counter. She heard her Dad chuckle but also chose to ignore it.
“I am,” he answered honestly, looking inside the home where part of his wonderful family waited for him.
“Wait! No fair! Pops said I can’t go to Asgard until I’m eighteen, why does she get to go?” Peter asked, looking at his father.
“I still drink,” Tony started to explain before Rhodey interrupted him.
"Good," James said with a wicked grin, pulling him in for one more kiss before leading the two back inside.
“Pop,” his oldest said to get his attention, “please make sure Dad doesn’t give them too much sugar.”
At one point, strangely enough, Thor even managed to drag Bruce over as his partner to play them - but they ultimately murdered them too. Clint threw a wink at his genius friend, smiling at seeing the blush on his face.
Right. Anger. Yeah, that was still there.
“All civilians are now safely evacuated and any enemies have been neutralised. Do you want me to fly over to Times Square?”
“You are a fucking asshole,” he began.
Tony shrugged. “Too busy being a prodigy, remember? No time for that sort of shit.”
He just prayed that it still held the meaning it’d used to. Until then, well… they could just focus on healing. Both of them.
that he likes them. He
That, of all the questions Steve had thrown at him, seemed to be the one to stump Tony. He stopped moving, except for his eyes which flickered a little manically around everywhere except Steve. In the end, he just shrugged and looked at his feet as they dragged back and forth across the floor. "It's... it's a nice name," he said, voice quieter than it had been before. "I don't know- it's been a while since someone introduced themselves so... properly to me before. I thought it was funny."
“I don’t think I’m okay either,” he responded, “so at least you’re in good company.”
Then the video cut out. That was the last one on the file. No more. Can’t have been more than 48 hours later that they shot her.
He fell back against the cold floors, ominous apprehension coiling in his gut.
“See if I ever ride with you again, punk!” He yelled, shuffling forward and slamming the door as Steve waved him off with a grin. People had turned to face him curiously, but he didn’t really care. The last thing that mattered right then was what they thought of him.
until you tell us where the Winter Soldier is. Do you understand me, Captain Rogers?”
count of Steve’s heart finally sending him off to sleep.
.” He sniffed and then looked at Steve stubbornly—and God, he was so young. Steve forgot that sometimes. Tony was good at making everyone think he had it all together, making them perceive him as an adult with a personality massive enough that no one would want to take him on. Even Steve sometimes forgot that underneath, he was still only a boy.
No. No, that couldn’t be true, they hadn’t had a chance to…  they’d been supposed to come to sort of conclusion. They’d been supposed to find some peace, even if it wasn’t the sort of peace that Steve had been craving. Anything at all would have been better than… than Tony dying, fighting a battle on his own on the other side of the world. That had never been how things were supposed to go. It was supposed to be
“No, Tony, let me… God, I fucked you over
“Why?” Tony asked, after a minute.
Tony clicked his fingers over to the elevator. “Talk about my age again and consider yourself evicted from this tower.”
Tony pondered that for a moment, before shaking his head. “Not worth it,” he decided, hearing Steve whistle above his head.
for eachother. We are the only fucking people on this planet who actually understand one another.” He’d reached touching distance of Tony by that point, and Tony pointedly looked away from him, arms folded, jaw set stubbornly. He wasn’t going to back down and apologise. Not tonight.
, per se… merely encouraged an idea that was already there. I think it was a worthy purchase- Bertha will do him proud.” She winked at him innocently, and he groaned in despair. Obviously that was not going to go away any time soon.
“Man, believe me, I’m staying outta this one,” Sam raised his hands and followed behind him, and had the audacity to look offended when Steve just laughed at him.
He froze, but then pulled himself together and nodded. “Yeah, course,” he said with a smile, “head’s hurting a little bit. Been thinking of the armor too much.”
“Well that’s a lie, you’re gonna be riding over to mine without one, aren’t you?” Steve grumbled, taking his hand and pulling him over to the door of Bucky’s place. “I’m gonna glue the thing onto your head while your sleeping next time, I swear to God.”
“You get that, Tony?” She asked down the line, while Steve gasped in horror beside her, “yeah, I’ll just put him on the line, and you can arrange a time and place,” she said breezily, before throwing the phone at his chest and making him catch it rather than her as she fled past him.
This was the best option.
Tony just shut his eyes again, head shaking a little as Steve slowly uncurled his hands for him. “You don’t have to tell me if it’s hurting too much,” Steve told him quietly, bringing the other boy’s fingers up to his mouth and kissing them lightly.
, he meant Steve, mostly. Tony chopped the tomatoes though! Which admittedly, Steve then had to re-chop, but still. It was a learning process, and Steve said it was cute, in a hopeless way.
Tony ended the call before Clint could talk any further, letting the phone drop into his lap whilst he turned to eye Steve. The man seemed to be attempting to hide a smile. “Now if we go home it’s going to look like we actually listened to him.”
He clenched his jaw and then unbuttoned Steve’s shirt, exposing his chest as he pressed the frame of the reactor against his skin. Feeling sweat begin to form on his face from the stress, he pressed his thumb into the back of the casing, setting off an electric impulse in the reactor. There was a flash of light and Steve’s body jolted unnaturally, Tony himself being thrown backward by the force. He rolled back up quickly though and then pressed his heart against Steve’s neck. Still nothing.
They sat a moment longer before Steve remembered, “Sam’s on a coffee run.”
It was only about seven minutes in all before he heard Fury calling his name, though it felt like an hour. He half-wondered why he hadn’t come across Rumlow as he made his way to Fury’s office. He closed the door behind him as he moved to sit down, doing his best not to clench the armrests.
No, that was all his Daciana. His wolf cub.
, it was of his husband.
Both he and Tony each picked up a stack, looking over them as she explained herself further, counting off the piles on her fingers.
“Then sure, bring in celebrity playboy turned housewife Tony Stark . For not going to class and getting written up for being tardy. Or, how about
friend back. She needed the help avoiding Cara, who kept trying to talk to Joey one on one. Which, of course, Xavier was more than happy to oblige.
“If I could do it all over again, land the plane safely...I would still choose to submerge it and be in a frozen coma for another seventy years. Because it would bring me to you, and I would choose that every time. You are the love of my life, you incredibly smart, wonderfully kind, beautiful bodied dumbass. And I look forward to spending the rest of our lives proving it to you, if you haven’t figured that out already.”
“I was talking to Peter,” she said after handing Peter back over, laughing along with Peter at the silliness. “Bye baby,” she said one last time as she blew him a kiss goodbye.
“Uh, actually, I do need to use the bathroom…” Tony said with a chuckle.
"What?" he asked defensively to his best friend, moving his arms to cross them. A smile quickly spread across the vigilante's face.
“No one is yelling at anybody,” Steve assured the room. “Just humor me and come drink some water.”
“Seriously Tony? You make sure you’re on time for Pepper but can’t do the same for me?” Steve asked when he stepped onto their floor, holding a sleepy Morgan in his arms and looking thoroughly pissed. Tony opened his mouth to answer but was confused when Daci rounded the corner. Steve followed his line of sight before rolling his eyes heavily. “Buck’s out with his new girlfriend, kids already ate lunch and we’ll be back in an hour or so,” the blonde said without looking at his husband, taking Morgan with him to the elevator in a bit of a huff.
“Where’d Miles go?”
“I was laughing at something the baby did.”
“I see why Coulson is interested but if he’s some sort of mutant and hasn’t even connected with Charles then,” his Pops stopped when he saw Peter had joined them, turning to mute the TV. “Hey Petey, how was hanging with Ned?”
"It's ten thirty am, sir." He sat up after another moment, refreshed from the most sleep he's gotten since Steve left.
“Putting yourself in stupid and reckless danger over something so easily avoidable? You know better Joey…” he said sadly as he continued raining swats down.
“It’s a mansion slash smart house, kiddo. I’ve got a game room, a media room, a gym, indoor pool…I promise you won’t be bored,” Tony said turning to the unimpressed teen. Who immediately looked impressed, shrugging and nodding in response. He turned back to Steve, who had his arms crossed but a small smile on his face.
“How are they rude?” Harley asked, getting defensive instead of apologetic. Tony knew his son would be an Alpha when he eventually presented by how controversial the pup has always been. But Tony wasn’t offering any change in his smell to give the pup any wiggle room, letting disappointment seep through his scent.
“Sure, you’re also welcome to explore while I shower,” Tony said with a weird smile that Steve just nodded and shrugged back at.
STEVE
"You are a ridiculous child," Joey said fondly as she carried the six month old over to the group, Helen following close behind.
"Miles is safe, he actually found me earlier, but...they think Klaue has your daughter," she said sadly at the news.
His parents came into view and walked over to greet them, Steve hugging the two before turning to introduce everyone.
And a tiara.
“You’re hilarious,” Clint said to her father just as Daci said “no thank you.”
The shock on Tony’s face would’ve been comical had he not looked so scared. “What?! Of course not.”
The door swung open by the third knock, leaving Steve with a raised fist and a smile.
She also groaned in jest when he kissed her cheek, smiling as she brought the blanket over her head in response. She kept smiling as she heard her dads chuckle and move to exit her bedroom – giving her some space for now.
It was Marvin the Martian from his drunken college days, Steve smiling as he placed gentle kisses around the area.
She smiled brightly back at him before nodding in response.
Steve picked up Peter after school, taking off early to help May out while also trying to think of something he and the little man could do for Tony.
“Miles when do you wanna go shopping?” his Dad asked, pulling Peter out of his thoughts to look at the older brunette. “Flower went through a growth spurt, he’s taller than your Pops now and needs new clothes,” he said to Wade who gave a satisfying shocked look to the teen.
“You heard me. Are you attracted to girls?”
“Yup, Papa Bear reminded him that his father has loved him since he saw him jump off the monkey bars,” Steve cooed, rubbing his son’s back and feeling the love radiating off his mate.
He was thankfully distracted from any deprecating thoughts as his family enjoyed meeting his old friend.
The two stayed staring at each other in silence before Clint looked away first.
- to the present, where she slowly recognized the open window in front of her, the decorated walls of her bedroom around her and a heavy breathing super soldier behind her. Her Pop slowly brought her back into his embrace, his solid body and warm hug helping ground her in this moment. She used his chest to mimic his slow and calming breathing as she prepared to reassure her father. He used one hand to reach in front of her to close the window, the other arm still clutching her around her stomach. She couldn't help but laugh a little as she had to bend a little awkwardly for him to do so. She took a deep breath before she turned around to talk.
“Because,” she gritted out, “I knew you guys would be mad…
Inside, Commander Fury was breaking up a fight between Rumlow and…Sam? He quickly made his way forward in the crowd to assist his partner.
“Sam!” he whispered harshly, “I already told you I’m not gay.”
Plus the blonde was kind enough to not mention the salt starting to show on the genius' pepper, so fairs fair.
“Y-yeah, I would be happy to make you son,” Tony said with a hoarse voice, which Daci quickly realized was because the man was as tearful as she was. She smiled back brighter at him, remembering what her Tati had said about taking advantage of happy moments.
“They bonded quickly! Who was I to intervene?” his husband squeaked out when Peter tried to reach around his sister to smack him.
Steve had just dipped Tony, looking lovingly into his eyes while Tony’s face was detailed even with just the moonlight.
She got off at her designated stop, walking the two blocks to the diner she wanted to try and Carolyn had agreed to meet at.
He’d gotten home before her, which was weird since her train didn’t normally take her that long from school and he had just happened to get off work early today. He tried not to assume the worst, it wasn’t like she was grounded or anything…maybe she went shopping.
“...two…”
“JARVIS and I have been secretly drugging you for years,” he finally admitted out loud. “Nothing abnormal, you know. Just vitamins. And baby aspirin for your heart. And I’ve switched your coffee to decaf a number of times. And I might have snuck kale into your diet…”
(they were still debating whether he was lying about that or not, cause it’s definitely a rumor Clint would start of himself)
…and even if she wouldn’t admit it to herself…she kind of needed someone right now too.
“…incest?” he asked. Steve sighed heavily as he handed the girl some aspirin and a glass of water.
“Commander, why the fuck am I the one –”
He smirked as he watched the two teens walked triumphantly out of his lab, still in slight disbelief. They got swindled, hard, by the newest addition to the family. Not that he minded it, really. He turned to his husband before the blonde finally broke the silence.
“Love you,” he said, pausing at the door until she returned with “love you too.”
“Steve, sweetheart, be a dear and make sure Howard stays pg please,” Maria said to the blonde, who chuckled and kissed Tony’s cheek before following the two out of the room. “Now, how are you my bambino?”
“Well, what hurts you more kiddo? That he left? Or that he came back?” Steve asked with a smile, knowing Peter well enough to get a chuckle out of him. It did, even earned a smile small to the father.
“-wait, what?!” Steve asked, sitting up and looking down in shock at the other man. “Is
He let a few of his own tears fall as he looked at Peter. After a moment, his husband looked at him, sharing a knowing look. They had both lost loved ones, knew the pain it caused. His attention turned to his youngest who had latched onto Peter’s back, mumbling “
They assured her the medication – if taken on time daily – would prevent her from seizing again.
“Tony?” he called out, looking around for his husband.
“There has to be something they can do,” Tony said more seriously, not looking up at one of his oldest friends as he stared at the drink in his hands.
"Wow, okay. You are so paying for that at an undisclosed time and place. Now help me out of here," Daddy said with an outreached arm just as her Tati stood up and stepped away from the tub.
“Is that what he said?” Steve asked quietly.
“I thought they died in a car accident?” Buck asked gently, reaching a hand out to grab Clint’s and intertwining their fingers together.
“I’m sorry, was that too forward?”
“Well I said it loudly!” Peter returned.
“Duh,” she said to him before turning back to watch the tall hunk of man wipe some queso off his face and lick his finger.
“But he’ll be okay?” Rhodey asked, double checking.
A cry caught her attention again, jerking up and seeing the source of the sound. Her Dad had squeaked in excitement as Leo swam several feet on his own. She watched with a smile as the other members of her family cheered the boy on.
“Sorry?” Joey sputtered out. The young woman smiled back at her, adorably biting her lip before responding.
"No Momma! Nakey time!"
She looked down at the boy, who was thankfully still concentrating on his drawing, before quietly getting up and making her way to Tony’s lab.
“Joey did they
“Look, Banner and I think you might be drugged,” Stark said, cutting to the chase and only pissing Bucky off more.
He knocked on the door, opening it and stepping into the room when he heard the faint, “come in.” Emerson had her comforter wrapped around her where she sat on the bed. She looked a lot younger sitting like that. Tony scanned the teen’s room, noting a new poster near her bed. Another Emerson quote, the father noted reading it quickly.
Steve really, really did not want to tag along with his brother to the bar, no matter how many times the jerk nagged him that he needed to get laid. Just because Bucky’s known his Omega since kindergarten, and the pair have loud obnoxious sex in their shared small two bedroom apartment, didn’t mean Steve needed to stick his knot in any Omega that looks his way.
His insomnia was getting worse. It wasn’t that he didn’t
It took the genius half a second to realize what happened, chuckling before racing down after him.
“I’ll do my best,” Steve promised him, smiling when his son pouted before following the others out the door. He waved to his three babies and son in law before turning back to his grandbabies.
"That's alright little man, you didn't know," Wade continued reassuring him before he shot a glance over at a smiling Emerson.
“You can’t be serious. That’s a real dude? I literally thought he was a ghost story made up by HYDRA. He’s like, mortal and everything?”
“I heard that James,” Pappy barked as he and Harley came back over, with the pup's hands now covered in white tape. “You’ll be the practice dummy Harley works on. Come on, in the ring you two.” Steve chuckled when his brother whined at that before obediently heading into the ring.
But here was his pup, curled up with his Alpha after experiencing a semi-traumatic event and purring in the arms of the man whose love he’d been resisting from the beginning.
“Well...no I guess not. But...then why would Father say that?”
She was able to survive it, even if she ended up having to wash her arms and legs when Morgan grabbed her calf. Tony and Steve both liked her canvas, even if it was just blue and purple stripes. Harley was mostly clean but Morgan ended up getting completely covered in paint and Daci watched as Steve and Tony argued over who’d give her a bath.
She also knew herself enough to know she wouldn’t be able to sit there and play nice, excusing herself from the table in favor of going to bed early again.
“She’s dating Nick, the pompous wide receiver on my team.”
“What are you talking about? It’s one little line…”
Howard was the first one to notice him, gently shaking the whimpering pup in his lap.
Bucky blinked in shock, looking down and seeing a...yellow paint splotch on the fallen teen’s chest. The other two cried out in pain as they heard small
“Tony, it’s fine. No need to make up a lie,” he said as nonchalantly as he could, moving to take off and continue his run when gentle hands stopped him.
Her feet were tied to the chair too, she noted after another moment, brain still fuzzy. It was only then that she noticed something warm and wet dripping down the side of her face. Blood. Would explain why her head hurt. Not like they were trying to be gentle or anything. The realization of everything was slowly starting to hit her, she could feel her adrenaline surge as her body began to panic. She tried to lower her breathing like Jarvis had taught her, tried to remain calm and prepare herself for what was going to happen.
“Josephine, put that arm back before I restrain it,” he said in a voice dripping with anger.
Not to mention how little she hung out with the other people in the Tower.
All this time he thought Joey was mad at him for replacing her dad…and it turns out she was mad he
Steve sat in the living room, glaring at the girl in question who was screaming bloody murder because she
“If I start having a panic attack I need you to figure out a way to distract me,” Peter grumbled into his shoulder, squeezing the man tightly.
“Yeah,” Steve answered with a chuckle, snuggled on the couch with his kids. “Peter might have argued for more books in your favor.”
“She’s here to rub it in that Deadpool and Spiderman had to save your old sorry ass,” Sam quipped from behind Clint.
has been more fully trained by Steve and Natasha
“Thanks Mama,” Tony said with a chuckle, gently pushing his pup back as the pain started to take over the joy he felt. “Lay next to me, bambino. My chest was starting to hurt.”
"Helen's amazing, excellent choice Joey," her Dad spoke up, interrupting her thoughts.
The Alpha followed, opening the door wordlessly before climbing in himself.
“Okay so do we just google Edwin Jarvis in England?” Rhodey asked as he pulled his phone out, causing a light bulb to go off in the blonde’s mind.
, Peter thought as he smiled to himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
The next day he went to work, promising Tony he’d take off the rest of the week. He had some free time, surprisingly, so he joined his team for some lunch.
“Yeah...well, they
Back when she lived in Wakanda with her wife, he was the second person she’d go to when she was struggling with something. He had proven to her time and time again to be an unbiased confidant.
They sang him happy birthday, passed around cupcakes and continued berating him about not celebrating. Not even when he got off at 8pm later that evening; he never understood how anyone has energy to go out and drink after a 24 hour shift.
“You guys are my parents. I don’t want to know or get to know a backstabbing… selfish… asshole.” She said it with a few tears spilling, blinking quickly. Tony smiled as Steve grabbed her to pull her back on his lap, kissing her forehead while he whispered, “language.”
“How upset do you think Pepper would be if we fucked in one of her guest rooms?” The genius asked, settling more comfortably in his husband’s arms.
Little miss liar pants was silent in the principal's office, the drive home, the elevator ride up all the way to sitting together in the living room. Granted, Steve was lecturing her most of that time. Emerson finally spoke up when his husband eventually paused in breath.
“I’m always right,” Maria said with a smile which made Tony chuckle in return.
“Buck...have I ever told you why you’ve never met my parents?”
She took the train the following Saturday afternoon while both her dads were at work to meet with Carolyn. For lunch.
She finally raised her gaze, eyes misty as she looked at him.
**additional tags have been added, please read carefully**
“She didn’t tell you?” she asked sincerely. “Doesn’t sound like the greatest father-daughter relationship…” He stared back at her for a moment, wondering why the fuck he hadn’t asked Sam to send her packing.
la-ti-freakin-da.
“We’re okay, Petey-pie,” Steve said in reassurance, joining his husband and son to wrap his arms around both while planting a kiss on the younger brunette’s head. He held them in his embrace for another moment before he heard his best friend cough loudly from the couch.
