"So you go back, and I stay here with the kids."
It didn't take long before Sherlock snapped at a boy whose strong Estuary-inspired accent with its T-glottaling and flat vowels grated on Sherlock's nerves even when he wasn't saying something that flew in the face of all reason and common sense. Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock saw Watson look down and away. The judgment on his behaviour grated, and Sherlock struggled with the impulse to lash out at the pupils even more in retaliation. The fact that he was responding in such an emotional way disgruntled him more, however, and he resolved to suppress any reaction to either Watson's presence or the children's stupidity.
John shook his head, watching Gladstone sniff around the water bowl, hoping for something to eat. "I can't."
"Then I say you'd best make up your mind, or Kitty'll keep for another time. Go on then, be a sport. Dr. Watson's seen a thing or two he likes anyway, I'll warrant." His dark gaze flicked down my body, as if picking up every sign of my involuntary reactions to the sights, sounds, and smells around us, and most particularly of the wanton omega.
"Hold still a moment, please," John said firmly, stilling Sherlock's hips with one hand, his thumb skimming the skin there in a placating manner. John thought the clamps were loose enough that they wouldn't tear the skin if they did get ripped off, but he didn't want to take the chance. With his other hand, he twisted and tugged at the dildo just enough to pull it out a couple of centimetres. Sherlock's anus was red, the skin stretched tight around the flesh-coloured foreign object, but didn't appear swollen or inflamed. John pulled the buzzing toy out a little more, then stretched forward to reach the tube of lubricant on the nightstand and flipped the cap open so he could squeeze some more out over the dildo, then slowly pushed it back inside Sherlock.
"You're talking about your Army experience."
Sherlock quickly punched 'A' for Cranwell.
him there.
Tristram expects Irene will say she's off someplace like the Bahamas or Iceland, but instead her face brightens and she tells him, "I'm going to stay with Kate for a while. She has a house right here in London. I told you: no more disappearing acts. I'd like it very much if you'd come visit us." It's not just a tossed-out invitation. Something about the quiet way she says it tells Tristram it's important to her. Then she adds, with a bit more jolliness, "I can't promise anything quite as exciting as the past couple of weeks, but I'm sure we can find something to do."
When they finally emerged once again topside into a stiff breeze, John experienced a moment of disorientation upon finding himself back in the 21st century. Sherlock led him up a metal staircase, a modern addition, that brought them to the uppermost aft deck. John stepped aside to let a couple and their two children through, then joined Sherlock at the railing. From here, they could look down on the entire dockyard, down the river to the estuary, and even over most of the surrounding neighbourhood.
Tristram tries to remember what he asked his father about. He didn't talk to him last night at all because Father went out when Doctor Watson was putting them to bed. The night before, when Father stayed in the living room with him, Tristram asked about what they were doing here. Father suggested it might have something to do with a case. And then at the very end, Tristram recalls now, he asked whether Doctor Watson was Father's boyfriend. Father didn't give him an answer then.
"Hey, the beach!" he exclaims to Emily with more feeling than Tristram feels is warranted. After all, it's winter. They won't be able to do much. "We haven't been to the beach in ages,” Doctor Watson continues. “Years, probably. Do you remember when we went to Bournemouth for the weekend? You must have been... six, I guess. And we built that sand castle with the princess in the tower?"
"Mr Watson said we don't have to."
"I could. I was already finished and had turned in the paper but they wouldn't let me leave until the end of the time." Sherlock turned around to grin at John, who promptly cracked up.
Anyway, Father answers it. "Fine," he says. He has kind of a half-frown on his face, though, which intrigues Tristram because as far as he could tell, the meeting with his mother did go fine.
Sherlock forced himself not to grit his teeth as the entire audience turned to look at him. Moriarty definitely knew how to push his buttons, but he wouldn't give him the satisfaction. He inclined his head, then leaned back nonchalantly against the wall and indicated with a wave of his hand that Moriarty was welcome to get on with whatever it was he had to show for himself.
Sherlock was prepared for the question. "Purely humanitarian motives," he assured him. "Instant coffee is a crime against humanity."
. Emily wanted to show Tristram the cartoon about the coyote and the road runner, but they don't have that on DVD. Tristram doesn't mind. The funny man with the big teeth and his clever dog are brilliant. They even solve a mystery, like his father, although Tristram's pretty sure his father never had to deal with a were-rabbit.
each other?" Lestrade's incredulity more irritating than warranted.
John's face softened. (Regret? Guilt? Sherlock wasn't entirely sure.) "Look, I'll see you after school on Monday at the cathedral. I can start calling the parents tomorrow. I think we'll need to run through every afternoon if we're to be ready by Friday."
"We were already inside, on our way up, when he said he needed to take care of the security cameras and I should go on without him and get set up. We needed to be ready by the time the meeting started, so it seemed prudent. Once I was in the suite with everything set up and he still wasn't there, I couldn't very well go back down looking for him. So I waited, got the scope lined up and prepared the window, and all of a sudden there was Sherlock in the middle of it."
Father finally moves, standing as well. The flash in his eyes has moved from Grandmother to John, only it looks different now. Still dangerous, but... without the darkness underneath. "No, John's right,” Father says. “The sooner we can put this entire situation to rest, the best for everyone. We'll hopefully be out of your way by tomorrow."
Sherlock watched as John unrolled the condom onto his erection with a frown of concentration. Once he was satisfied of the fit, John spread his fingers on Sherlock's arse cheeks and encouraged him with gentle pressure to move forward. Sherlock looked down, entranced to see the head of his penis disappearing into John's mouth. He could feel John's tongue curling around him, moulding itself to his shape, and then as he pulled back, the tip of John's tongue lingering as if loath to let him go. Sherlock understood entirely. If it were possible, he would leave a part of himself with John, gladly and without reservation. In fact, he rather suspected he already had.
"I took care of it in time," John says grimly. "Took two shots though."
In other words, life as they knew it was back to normal. Except for one thing.... John had been putting it off ever since they got back, but it was getting late now and he was starting to flag after several days on minimal sleep. He would have liked to head up to bed, but... should he actually head up? Or down the hall?
"Tris!" Emily waves at him frantically, jumping up and down so she can see him over the heads of the other children pouring out of the school gate.
"Oh, yes?" John looked down the street. "I mean, no, actually, I live-" John waved vaguely to the left. "But I could- I mean, it's a nice evening, I don't mind-"
"It's not always like this," Sherlock says, hushed, into the rarefied atmosphere.
"Me either."
"This story doesn't make sense. A mannequin can't watch you. Is this like those angels from Doctor Who?"
Doctor Watson's eyes gleam and he leans forward, putting both elbows on the table - something which Tristram has been reprimanded for exactly twice in this house before he learned not to do it, but Grandmother doesn't even bat an eyelash this time - so he can follow Father's story better. He murmurs things like 'how in the world' and 'fantastic' and 'you can't be serious' and 'incredible'.
On Monday morning, the classroom was buzzing with excited chatter and snatches of song when Sherlock arrived. He took great pains to impress on the children that the fact they were going forward with the play was a surprise for Lestrade and the rest of the teachers, and they were under no circumstances to breathe a word of it to any of them. What Lestrade didn't know wouldn't hurt him (or Sherlock).
He stroked Sherlock's hand where it was gripping his hip. "No, this is perfect."
"No, no," John assures him, "that's not what I'm saying. My leg was already better even before your dad and I got closer in that way. And you know, just because your dad's in a relationship with a man doesn't mean that you ever need to be. Maybe you'll find a girl you really like, or you might be happier on your own. It's all fine. But none of that's anything you need to be thinking about now. It doesn't have anything to do with this. And the reasons for your panic attacks are probably different than whatever was causing the pain in my leg."
"Budge over, you two." John poked at Gladstone until he groaned and got up.
"The Sherlock Holmes of consulting detectives?"
"Yes oh God--"
"Oh!" John sounded surprised at Sherlock's admission. "Fine, that's... I mean, not if you don't enjoy-"
It seems surreal that the most momentous statement ever made in the history of the world should be uttered as they are sitting in this frankly squalid little hovel, witnessed only by John's dirty vests, a week-old pizza box (Sherlock can smell it under the bed), and likely a colony of bed bugs (although the red marks on John's wrists and neck might also be due to the cheap washing powder he's been using).
"And this weekend." Emily breaks into Tristram's thoughts. "He took my dad along this weekend too, to help keep us safe. And I think that's why we're staying with you here."
"Cool, is that an eye?" Emily says, before Mrs Hudson pulls her back to the doorway of her flat.
"How can you stand it like that? It'd rot my teeth."
Sherlock glanced at John's chair. The glass was empty on the floor next to it. Sherlock hadn't thought up tonight's test yet. Then John, brilliant John, thought it up for him.
"I don't know. Yes. Probably. Look, I know I shouldn't be such a hypocrite, God knows there's plenty I haven't told you."
"Which is as it should be," Sherlock said coolly. "You don't need to know anything more about me. You're my classroom assistant, not my- Not anything else."
"Yes, fine, I understand," Sherlock said grudgingly. "Although I'm also not going to change my mind," he had to add with a bit of a glare.
"Seemed silly for you to keep sleeping on the couch. Bed's big enough," John said, by way of utterly insufficient explanation.
&&&&&&
Anticipation. Sherlock forgot entirely about the rest of the guests. Forgot about why they were here. He did remember why he'd wanted to do this, though, as with every step, every glide, every breath, his and John's bodies fell ever more into alignment, into sync, the same rhythm, the same beat, blood and heat thrumming through their veins, pulses pounding, not just from the exertion. The single point where their skin touched between their hands insufficient. The single line of communication between their gazes overflowing.
The third night, it seemed Holmes had reached his limit for inactivity. He prowled around the sitting room long past midnight, his eyes wild and his hands fluttering from his throat to his unwashed hair to his dry, chapped lips, muttering things that I half suspected to be the ravings of a madman. It was then that a notion began to germinate. In truth, it had been sown much earlier, but now it took root and gave me the first real glimpse of its young, green shoots. The soil was yet rocky, and I did not know whether the season was right, but I believed with a bit of attention, it would yet provide a fruitful harvest. All I needed were the appropriate tools.
Sherlock moved around the kitchen island, taking slow steps toward John, made sure to keep his hands visible and maintained eye contact.
John raised his eyes to Sherlock's. "Last time it was you fixing my tie pin, trying to talk me down off the ceiling."
Sherlock couldn't help returning it.
"Yeah, but- Jesus, five stars?" Doctor Watson hisses when they get to the stairs. "When you said Switzerland, I thought you meant some little pension in the Alps, not the place where bloody Will and Kate go on holiday!"
"And as for the play..." Sherlock looked around. All of the children were paused in their preparations for lunch, watching him with big eyes. Again, they were only facts, but it took an immense effort to form the words. "Something has changed. I let you believe that Whitehall Studios were coming to make a movie out of the play, but it turns out they aren't. In fact, they never were. I lied about it, and I let that lie grow, and multiply, and turn into lots of other little lies. And now I've been found out, and we are not actually being allowed to do the show. There will be no Nativity at all."
"Come here. You're amazing," John murmured. Sherlock lifted his head so he could kiss him. The pace was slower now, and gentler, but no less intense. Time flowed slowly, honey-like and almost too intensely sweet, as John kissed him and sucked his skin and coaxed him back into active arousal with his fingers.
"I won't tell anyone," Sherlock said in a loud whisper and took the papers.
"Come on," he said, his voice catching on the words.
But all of those people had won a place in his life (he hesitated to say heart) because of something they had done for or given Sherlock; whether a kindness or a service or an ego boost or a sense of being useful. Was that what a friend was? Maybe. Quite possibly. A barter system, mutual benefits, you scratch my back and I'll scratch yours. Maybe Lestrade was his friend. Maybe -- even more startling -- Sherlock was Lestrade's friend. It certainly appeared he thought so, anyway. Greg. It had never seemed to matter what he called him before, as long as everyone understood who was meant. But maybe names were important. Will. Sherlock. Maybe it was time for another rebranding. Greg.
Father looks up at the sheets hanging from the ceiling. "Did John help you do this?" he asks.
"What did they tell you they were doing?" Uncle Mycroft asks.
"Maybe some lube?" John suggests at length.
"My God, that was-" John says, soft and shocked, directing his words somewhere in the vicinity of Sherlock's breastbone.
Holmes did not mind. He became more bold with his strokes, travelling up my length and wrapping his waxy fingers around me, squeezing and jerking until I had to beg him to leave off.
"How many ways do you think you could kill a man with one of these?" he asks Doctor Watson, holding his fork so he can sight down its length like the barrel of a gun.
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow and looked down at John suspiciously. "What?"
"No, I mean. Sherlock." John straightened his shoulders and flexed his hand. Swallowed. "Come to bed." There. Steady. Firm. Good.
But Tristram understands that she's not really talking about her parents. Well, she is, but she's also talking about their fathers. She's trying to tell him that two people can argue and still love each other. But do Father and John love each other in the first place? Do you have to love someone to be their boyfriend? They fancy each other, certainly; Emily said her father told her that, and Tristram agrees with the assessment based on all the evidence he's seen. Kissing and hugging is pretty much the definition of fancying someone. But they're not married, and John said it wasn't something they were considering. And don't people who love each other get married?
Once the Holmes parents had gone upstairs, John turned off the main light and went over to sit on the floor by the hearth, in front of Sherlock's chair. The fire had almost died, but the last log still glowed red behind the fireplace screen. The last music track had ended a while ago, and the only sounds were Sherlock's typing and the occasional pop or hiss of one last air pocket or drop of moisture being released from the wood. This wasn't really much different than an evening in back in London, looked at objectively. And yet there some something much more intimate about it, something that caused that small, carefully guarded bundle deep inside him to stir and glow. He would never sit like this at home; in fact, he wasn't sure now what had made him take up this position at Sherlock's feet when there was another perfectly serviceable armchair just opposite. The empty spot on the carpet had just seemed to be waiting for him, in the semi-circle of red light from the hearth.
But Father doesn't want him to think about those things, so he tries hard now to package them up and put them far away. He knows Father has compartments in his brain where he can lock up things he doesn't want cluttering his mind. Tristram hasn't figured out how to do that in any kind of organised way, but there's a cloudy, dark corner in his imagining where he buries all the unpleasant things. There aren't any walls, and a lot of times those things come oozing back out, but he tries now to stuff all the bad parts of the past few weeks in there. It's not quite a clean job - he can still feel some sharp bits poking at him uncomfortably - but it's enough that he can manage a smile. A pretty big one. It must be convincing because Father's face does the same thing back at him.
John giggled and pushed the pictures on the table around some more. "All right, T.J. as Gabriel. We've still got to lose one of these."
But Lestrade wasn't done yet. "And why didn't you fucking answer your phone, either of you?" He pointed back and forth between Sherlock and John.
2 1/2 pounds russet potatoes (about 5 small)
John sets down the half-finished bottle of sparkling wine, nearly missing the table. "I suppose it's too much to hope you have your co-codamol with you," he says tightly.
John hesitated, apparently having picked up on the undertone. But before he could say anything, Molly's voice called John's name, piercing the little bubble of solitude that seemed to have formed around them. Sherlock cursed her heartily, along with everything else around them that was warring for their attention tonight.
But the real fun is stretching the strands of cheese out of the pot as far as possible. Doctor Watson does some twisty thing with his wrist that makes the cheese on his bread separate neatly from the mass in the pot, but when Tristram tries it, it just makes his bread fall off. When he pulls his bread out slowly, though, the cheese forms long strings that keep coming and coming. It's like eating elastic, only it never contracts. It just keeps stretching further and further. Emily has the brilliant idea to stand on her seat to see if she can pull up a strand of cheese that's as long as she is. It ends up snapping at about the one-meter mark, and her father won't let her try again. Tristram presumes he's included in the edict.
Doctor Watson disappears into the bathroom, and Tristram hears the water turn on. Emily gets out orange juice and butter, and they settle down to breakfast.
With his blue eyes crinkling at the edges, his head lolling against the back of his chair, his mouth just barely curling into a smile that seemed to be designed specifically to make Sherlock's heart thud against his ribcage, and his legs sprawled lazily with his jeans bunched up just so at the apex, John was the perfect picture of a willing, welcoming subject. Not a victim. John was never a victim. Even subject as he was to Sherlock's whims and manipulations, he maintained his own power, one that Sherlock would never entirely be able to override or control.
Sherlock wraps his hand carefully around John's and holds it there on his chest. The thudding under John's fist becomes more frantic, if possible.
"That's not necessary," Sherlock scoffs.
Tristram picks at his spaghetti and exchanges a look with Emily. Are they arguing again? Or kissing?
"To start with: the injury to your shoulder was traumatic, likely received under hostile fire." He turned back toward Watson and conceded, "Lestrade told me you were in the army, although I can see that for myself: your haircut, the way you stand-" Sherlock made a sweeping gesture in the other man's direction. "Most people would think it was your leg that was injured, but that's purely psychosomatic: even now, you're putting weight on it and you've practically forgotten about the cane." Sherlock smirked at it, even as Watson gripped it more firmly and leaned into it.
He read the text through twice, incensed at the only slowly abating arousal which made such repetition necessary, before dipping down to gather up a handful of his clothing, which he pressed to his throbbing groin.
Sherlock leaned against the wall, feigning boredom. Mostly. He expected it was going to get interesting any moment.
"Yeah." They lay there grinning goofily at each other. John felt giddy. More than quite good.
It was easier to get up without John's help, so he did, but once beside him, John grabbed him by both hands and positioned them so they were facing each other with their profiles visible to what would be the audience.
Sherlock thumbs through the controls. When he's finished, he stays where he is, though, tightening his grip on John's shoulder slightly in order to pull him in closer against his body.
"But Jesus, to ask her to get rid of him- How can you stand to look him in the eye?"
Grandmother snorts a little. "Not the word I would have chosen. But it's probably best that you think so," she says, which is strange, because of course it's best to think people are nice. Doesn't she think Doctor Watson is nice? And if not, why does she like him? Or has Tristram misunderstood something again? "Go on now," she says and lets go of his hand. "Before they think I'm filling your brain with ideas."
He puts his elbows on the table and glances at Tristram before answering, "An old friend of Sherlock's."
That was Tristram's first mistake. His phone was in that backpack. He couldn't use it in Switzerland, of course, but he'd taken it along anyway because John had told him always, always to keep his phone with him. John had also said never to leave it in his school bag or jacket because then he might not have it on him when he needed it, and so perhaps that was actually Tristram's first mistake: not carrying the phone in his trousers. At any rate, it got left behind, so he's not able to try and contact Uncle Mycroft (or his father or John) now. He's not sure he'd be able to use his phone from here anyway, so perhaps it's a moot point. It still nags at him.
At first, Father reacts much like he did at the Watsons' house: like he's not sure what he's supposed to do. But he figures it out quickly. His face softens almost but not quite into a smile and says, "Good night," in a rumbly voice - the one Tristram thought would make a good voice for reading Dumbledore - and kisses Doctor Watson back. Twice. The second one goes on so long Tristram is afraid it's going to turn into a photo booth kiss. He wants to look away but he's unable to. But before Tristram can blink again, Father's moved his head away and is looking determinedly at the screen of his computer again.
The first morning, I even forewent replacing the bandages which Holmes had tenderly applied, in order that I might carry his handiwork with me a few hours longer. When I did remove them, it was to the realization that the more important and artful handiwork was underneath. I spent long minutes in the morning and evening examining the patterns of tiny cuts and bruises that mottled my sides and arms. I wanted to share them with Holmes, to show him how he had left his marks on me, but it seemed too intimate and tender a subject to broach, especially in light of the cordial manner we had parted that night, each of us returning to our own abode with no more than a light handshake.
"Oh, God. No. Now I see. Get Sherlock out of the way so you can take Tristram. Yeah, that's not going to happen. Over my dead body." The way he says it gives Tristram shivers all over again, but this time they're good shivers. John understands, at least. He knows that Tristram can't go anywhere without Father.
Emily and Tristram follow him back to the main room, where Tristram's father is standing at the counter by the wall, making himself tea. He glances at them over his shoulder as they come in, but doesn't turn around.
There was an interminable moment then, as they stood looking at each other, when Sherlock knew that John wanted to kiss him - flexing his hand, wetting his lips, taking a breath and holding it, letting it out again - and Sherlock wanted him to, wanted to do it himself, but before he could overcome that final internal barrier to this new kind of intimacy, John stuck out his hand. Sherlock took it, both grateful and frustrated.
Tristram's heart sinks a little. That sounds like it's probably going to happen again. But he wants to make it go away entirely, the way the pain in John's leg did.
"Not if I can help it." He didn't even eat breakfast. Sherlock's train of thought was derailed by the revelation. The news was already out. Lestrade must have been very busy last night. Moriarty would be frantically trying to pull in confirmations or denials. Sherlock took a small degree of pleasure in the thought of him wasting his morning.
When Emily comes to school the next day, her school bag looks suspiciously thick.
As if on auto-pilot, Sherlock's tongue peeks out and flicks against the thumb. John moves his thumb out of the way just enough to make room for his own tongue on Sherlock's lips, nothing more than gentle touches and licks with the tip. Now it's Sherlock's turn to stretch and strain for more, and John's doesn't withhold it, lowering himself to rest half on top of Sherlock so they can comfortably reach each other. Sherlock grasps the back of John's thigh and pulls his leg up so it's bent across Sherlock's legs. John's knee brushes Sherlock's crotch, and as soon as he realises that fact, John snugs in closer and gently rocks against him. When Sherlock's hips start to gravitate upward, seeking something, seeking more, John reaches blindly above them and scrabbles at the pump until some of the liquid comes out. Without leaving off Sherlock's mouth, he reaches down and puts his hand inside his own pants.
"I could no longer protect you," Sherlock spits out. "The bullet that hit Tristram was meant for you. We got lucky then, but that's all it was, and the airport was a closer call than I think you'd like to believe."
This is very loosely based on a prompt from kitmerlot1213, who wanted seasonal baking, and is set about 3 weeks after chapter 23, on the first Monday after the winter break for school.
Message: Hes leaving. Want me 2 follow?
Tristram follows Emily up to his room. He wants to get some dry clothes, too. Emily takes her bag under the tent on the beds to change, while Tristram quickly pulls on a clean pair of trousers and some socks.
That comment doesn't make any sense, either, because who else's daughter would she be? But it's apparently one of those questions that you're not really meant to answer, because Uncle Mycroft goes on to say: "Why don't we try it once more, Tristram, and this time, concentrate and watch the fingering on the crossovers."
"A week," John repeats flatly. "And what exactly are we doing during that time? Do we even have a clear objective any more, or has this all become some sort of game for you, seeing how much trouble you can stir up?"
Later, at the knife company's visitor's centre, Father sat at the pocket knife assembly station with Tristram on his lap and helped him work the machine because Tristram couldn't do it himself with one hand in a cast. It was almost like sitting together on the toboggan, except it was quieter and there wasn't any wind taking his breath away. And he and Father talked while they put the knife together, discussing what the best tools would be and why. Father said it was too bad there wasn't a wire or something that could be used as a lock-pick, but when they got home he'd add one for him.
When he disappeared into his room, I thought he might have decided to turn in for the night and there would be no need for the distractions I had planned after all. I was glad if he was able to succumb to some much-needed slumber, although I was uncertain if I would have the nerve to follow through on my preparations another time, should they be postponed tonight. So it was that my heart leapt with both anticipation and no small amount of nervous agitation when Holmes re-emerged, bearing his beloved violin and bow along with a thunderous scowl beneath the white bandage which still adorned his head.
"Then what did he want? You have a caterer who owes you a favour or something?"
"Go get your dad," he whispers, nodding toward Father. He's still looking at the map, but he's alone now, everyone else having apparently decided on their route.
"He's a disruptive influence, he contributes nothing of value, he has no ear for music, and..." Sherlock flourished the cane. "He poses a potential physical threat."
"Another safe house? What about Moriarty threatening the guards?" John asks.
"Nothing." John shrugged. "He ran off right after."
Tristram is relieved his father doesn't say anything about not doing what he was told (again!). In fact, he goes on to add, "Thank you." There's something in his voice, something deep and thick, that imbues the simple phrase with much more meaning than the words alone. Tristram feels something swelling in his chest, something equally deep and thick, but it's good. Very good.
It figured that Moriarty would have chosen to base himself here. He'd suffered dearly under the prejudice that came with having his name, accent, and upbringing. The upper echelons of musical society were closed to someone like him, unless he had the kind of talent that only came along once a century, and Moriarty, for all that he was an accomplished musician, didn't.
1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting
"As do you," he replied before I could gather my wits, as if I had finished my statement. Perhaps I had. I was not thinking straight.
Satisfied, he began decorating my body in earnest. It seemed he took my initial quip to heart, for he labored as an artist at an easel, his mien a study in concentration as he considered where to place each stroke. Although I had eyes for none else but him, I could not anticipate where the next lash of heat would hit. Now my shoulder, now my stomach. A line drawn across my throat just above the collar, which had me gasping. I knew there was no danger, that the small amount of wax he deposited in each place was neither hot nor concentrated enough to burn my skin, yet my body fought to flinch away from every drop.
"They should ask his cardiologist this kind of thing," John said now in response to Sherlock's query.
Doctor Watson rolls up his shirtsleeves and takes a pair of gloves out of his case, which somehow has made it out into the hall with them. He must have picked it up as they moved through the flat. As he's putting the gloves on, Doctor Watson says, "I'm just going to roll you over like a big log, all right? Make sure there's nothing there, then we'll put you right back down. You need to hold your arm really stiff against your side like this." He demonstrates, stretching his own arm down along his side.
"It's all right," John assures them. "We're on holiday. Looks good." He nods encouragingly at the vermicelles.
Sherlock would have flatly refused if it hadn't been for John's arm wrapped firmly around his back.
"Better than John did, apparently," Sherlock says coldly. "Now have I stumbled onto the set of Jeremy Kyle or do you actually want me to help you solve this case?"
Sherlock gave himself a mental shake. He was being ridiculous. All of that was over and done with. It was a vagary of the human mind to replay emotions when returning with the site of their genesis. This, here, today, had nothing to do with what had happened back then.
Uncle Mycroft tells Tristram to show Emily around while he takes care of some business, and to come to his office in half an hour to start their homework.
Time: 14:25
"There could be," Sherlock said.
Emily must have a similar thought, because she asks, "When's my dad coming back?" for about the hundredth time.
"My God, Sherlock," he says, chuckling, "speaking of childish. It is a sausage. This is how one eats a sausage."
"Yeah, I kind of do," he mumbled into her mouth, and something went soft in her at that, at the breathless, almost shy way he said it.
"Don't need a booster seat, do you?" Tristram hears his father snipe.
"We made a tent," he says.
Emily grasps the concept quickly - the basic rules aren't that complicated, after all - but she doesn't put much thought into her moves, and Tristram quickly dominates the board. Emily's still interested enough to want to play another round, but they have to put it off for another time, since it's time to go down for lunch by then.
"Can't we come with you?" Emily asks. It becomes clear that this is the disagreement.
Anderson and Donovan burst out laughing. "I'm sure they will," Donovan said once she'd recovered.
"How about this," John said twenty minutes later, when they had all of their notes and materials spread across the table. "The three wise men, I'm thinking..." He slid around the photographs of the pupils that they'd taken from the pinup board in the hall until he'd separated out a group of five. "I can see any of this lot here, but we've got to whittle it down."
No. Too far away. "Yes." Sherlock clenched his hand into a fist to stop his fingers from sliding across the mattress. He couldn't see John's face very well in the dim ambient light, but he could feel John's body heat spreading into the space between them. He could smell him too: the slightly acrid overtone of his sweat (hasn't showered since that morning) partly masked by the remains of his deodorant, but mostly the complex, leathery-warm essence of John.
Father's frown drifts even further toward irritation. "You hardly need to reassure me."
A taxi almost stopped, and Sherlock hadn't even raised his hand. He took a step back, hopefully making it look as if he were trying to find a safer position from which to observe the traffic. John was going to have to arrive at the point quickly.
1 cup spaghetti sauce
"Good morning," Tristram says politely, making a detour into the room with Emily trailing after him.
"Yeah. Yeah, it's perfect."
Tristram believes him. He has faith in his father. He was right about there being no more bombs and no more kidnappings too. But he didn't say anything about being shot. And Mister Tonga wasn't trying to hit Tristram at all. He was trying to hit Doctor Watson. So even though no one is coming after him, that doesn't mean that nothing will happen to Tristram. Or to Father. Or Doctor Watson, or Emily, Tristram finds himself mentally adding, to his slight surprise. He doesn't want anything to happen to them, either. So even though Father's reassurance is, on one level, well, reassuring, Tristram has experienced enough to know that it's no guarantee any more. His father does not, in fact, know everything, no matter how much it sometimes seems that way.
So no. John is fairly certain there hadn't been a case. But then when has Sherlock ever let him in on his plans? Maybe something came in, in the hours since John walked out with a half-packed duffel bag and a shout over his shoulder that he needed some space. His initial confusion fades, leaving the freshly scraped surface of his righteous indignation raw and exposed again. Because now here Sherlock is, appropriating John as usual, steamrolling right over such inconvenient things as respect and tact and the right to self-determination.
When they got to the edge of the square, Sherlock suggested he'd have a better chance of hailing a taxi from in front of the cinema across the street.
The Swiss card game is 'Jass' (pronounced 'yahss'). It's something like pinochle, apparently (not that I know how to play pinochle) and is considered a national sport in Switzerland. Tournaments are broadcast every Saturday evening on Swiss television. You can read a bit about the game
"Sherlock," Sherlock said with him, immediately feeling like an idiot for doing so.
"I know," Sherlock says. He seems unhappy about it too. "I didn't see any other way."
"You'd ... like me to stay?" John asks carefully, shifting his weight back away from the door again.
Mycroft inhales sharply.
"Auditions again?" Sherlock groaned with distaste. "We already know who the best singers are."
"Jesus. Yeah." John shivers at the reminder. He lifts Sherlock's hand to his mouth and kisses it firmly. John has no intention of letting Sherlock do something stupid and noble like he did last time. He's going to insist on being with him every step of the way. Together.
Sherlock kept shuffling papers and flipping binders open and shut, which John took as permission to continue.
The restaurant igloo is smaller than it looked in the pictures. It's still pretty neat, especially the blue and gold lights glowing through the snow walls in the dark. Their destination is actually an entire village of igloos arranged in a cluster on a snow-covered field a short distance away from the main restaurant, again at the top of a cable car line. Tristram is beginning to wonder if there's anything to do in Switzerland that doesn't involve getting to the top of a mountain first.
"This whole bed-sharing thing," Sherlock said. "Not quite as simple as I imagined."
"After I'm back? Where am I going?" Doctor Watson sounds both curious and suspicious.
Mrs Bowen beams at Emily. "It's lovely to have you, dear. Just staying the weekend, then?" she asks as she sets about unpacking the bags.
%%%%%%
It's certainly not a jungle up here in the dark mountain night. It's very cold, and white clouds plume out of everyone's mouths when they talk, like dragons' breath. The sky is punctured by lots and lots of tiny pricks of light. The observatory's probably open now. But, of course, that's on a different mountain altogether.
It turned out not to be so much a pirate ship as a ship that had once been used to chase down pirates. It was authentic, though, an original from the 18th century, and it certainly looked the part. It was enormous, its intricately carved bow towering several stories over the pier, boldly painted in gold and royal blue. It was topped by three masts with a veritable spider's web of rigging, standing defiantly against the dull grey sky.
"He's asked me to be his best man." Sherlock opened the internet page.
Tristram nods. "I think... he makes you happy too."
Now that might even be more interesting. Sherlock made a mental note. Out loud, he explained, "Riverbank mud."
It would have been easy. Sherlock wanted to. John could feel it. Wanted him to. John wanted to also. So much. So much he could taste it. He already knew what Sherlock would taste like. Not the toothpaste or the traces of nicotine, but Sherlock himself. He had his breath in his nostrils, in his mouth, already. It was as familiar as water. As necessary. It was so hard not to give in. But he needed to see him. Needed to look into his eyes and know this was real, not a twilight phantom that only existed in the witching hour, something that would dissolve with daylight, ignored or denied.
"Over there, in the corner. They're eating my breakfast, the little shits."
John's heart sank. He'd known intimacy was difficult for Sherlock. It seemed this was too much after all. "Okay. I mean, I liked it - very much - but we don't-"
"Christ, I want to touch you," John says.
"Nonsense, I'm not wearing one either," Sherlock said irritably, to cover his discomfort at his own reaction. "There's no dress code here, you're fine."
"What parents' meeting?" Sherlock frowned.
Sherlock's arms wrap around John's back, clutching handfuls of his undershirt. They lie there holding each other, touching each other's skin and breathing each other's air until both of them are feeling more in control of their voices.
"John..." Sherlock mumbled when he came up for air.
"You're not asking, I'm offering. I insist," she said firmly. She'd come up to see what the ruckus was about after hearing Sherlock trampling down the stairs a few minutes ago, shouting for John to get on Skype before he ran out the door.
Mrs Holmes nods and ushers Emily firmly away, overriding the little girl's reluctance to let her father out of her sight.
"Normal's boring," Sherlock says against John's mouth, and John can feel his smile in return.
"That's what Mr Holmes always calls us."
Sherlock sees the exhaustion then behind those sharp blue eyes, and realises none of it is artifice. This is all she's managed to scrape together from the bits of what's left. She tried. She's trying. As hard as Sherlock is, it seems. With precisely the same amount of success.
Tristram also hasn't been allowed to go out of the house... although 'allowed' is perhaps the wrong word to use. Irene hasn't gone out either, and maybe that's only to do with the miserable weather. There was food in the kitchen when they got here, and other supplies, but if they stay much longer they'll eventually need to go out. There are no other houses visible from any of the windows. Just moors and, in the distance to the north, what looks like a forest. The road that brought them here must lead somewhere, though. All Tristram would need to do is keep walking. He'd come across someone who might help him eventually. If he didn't get shot first. So he hasn't tried yet.
The children barely had time to sit down again before the bell rang for break time. Again, there was a swell of small voices cheering, accompanied by a mass rush for the door. Sherlock was about to round on Watson when the man darted past him, hustling the last couple of children out with him.
"Looks pretty interesting," Doctor Watson says as he hands the paper back to Tristram. "Do you understand what you're supposed to do?"
Tristram considers this and comes to the only conclusion he can see. "So... do I have to get a boyfriend?" He starts thinking of all the boys he knows, but he can't imagine wanting to kiss any of them. He can imagine even less any of them wanting to kiss him.
He wanted - no, he needed - to show John what he was feeling, to let him know how much he meant to him. Sherlock settled down on John's lap, nudged himself forward so that their cocks were touching, and proceeded to kiss every inch of him that he could reach.
"God, you're such an idiot." John fists his hand in Sherlock's hair, pressing his head into the curve of Sherlock's neck. "Such a bloody idiot." He kisses the skin there, tasting the clean dampness and faint bitterness of soap still left from the shower.
"If I wanted a gentleman, I would hardly have invited you into my bed," Sherlock said in a low voice, before closing the remaining distance to demonstrate on - and in - John's mouth just how little value he placed on proper behaviour.
"Hello? Earth to Tris." Emily's voice interrupts his train of thought. She giggles. "You know, you looked just like your dad just now. You've got this line right here-" She reaches over and touches his forehead, between his eyebrows. "All you need is a phone."
Emily's asleep. She drifted off sometime after Father finished his shower and John took his turn in the bathroom. Tristram actually fell asleep, too. At least, he doesn't remember John going back to the bedroom, but at some point he became aware of the shouting.
"The invitation still stands," Janine says when John doesn't move.
John leans forward, a confused smile flickering over his face. "How is that- Tristram's mother's dead."
"Not sure how that would go over," John said, looking around the room at the other guests. Couples. All men with women and vice versa. Although the unaccompanied blonde with the nose ring (another of Molly's cousins?) was a lesbian and the keyboardist and bassist were definitely together. Sherlock also got strong bisexual indications from Robby, Greg's rugby playing friend who had been at the stag night, but he was here with his girlfriend.
John must have picked up on Sherlock's reaction, because he immediately backtracked, "Sorry, that's probably too- No, I actually think turnabout's fair play. You know all about me because of that-" John waved his hand in Sherlock's general direction. "-deduction thing you do, but I hardly know anything about you."
"I made him get those," Emily confides, pointing out the biscuits. "Do you want one now?" She holds the bag out to him.
Sherlock was distracted for the rest of the morning. He was writing on the board with his back to the room when John delivered the trio back to the class. He made sure to keep writing until John left with the next pair.
I boldly ventured to look at Holmes' lap. The tentpole in his trousers was testimony enough.
I was especially chuffed to hear from several readers who went out and purchased
"I have every confidence you'll handle it," Irene says. "Tristram and I will be waiting to hear from you." She hops across the floor toward the floor-to-ceiling windows covering one wall, taking off her shoes as she goes.
I looked inside the cabinet again. The bag was soon found, with the black collar inside. I was about to attempt putting it on myself with trembling fingers when I recalled that Holmes had asked me both to put it on and take it off for him the first time, and that he had put it on and taken it off me as well. That might simply have been practical, but I considered that there might also be a more profound purpose.
"Let's examine the evidence, then, shall we?" Sherlock suggested. "Extensive blood spattering in the bathtub, up the tiles. Any on the floor?" He could virtually see John searching his memory of the bathroom, finding the evidence he was looking for.
John nods, then looks around, suddenly becoming aware of their surroundings. "Sherlock, where are we?"
"But that was three moons ago," John exclaimed. "Why are you only taking it out now?"
"You could, but you won't," he said, as if the entire thing were too tiresome.
Jass cards:
"So you think he waltzed in there... Why? He would only endanger the mission. He'd know I couldn't shoot into that room if he was in there."
John's shoulders slumped. "They sure?"
When they finally got their food, the only seating available was at a table that was already occupied by an older gentleman. A brief glance at him told Sherlock that he'd been married for over thirty years, avoided his wife whenever possible but didn't have a mistress, went hiking in Scotland regularly, and suffered from eczema exacerbated by an allergy to strawberries. The man gave them a sour look, clearly taking them for a couple but not being particularly bothered by that fact; he just wanted to finish his coffee in peace. Still, he didn't object when John asked if they could share the table.
"Are you certain?" Sherlock asks sharply.
They don't, of course, but they do go fast enough that the cold wind takes Tristram's breath away. The sledge rattles and shakes, and Tristram is jerked hard against Father's leg whenever there's a change in direction. They go through a couple of tunnels, whipping in and out so fast Tristram's eyes don't even have time to adjust to the change in light levels. The best part is a long, long spiral that doesn't quite make Tristram dizzy but disorients him just a bit when they even out into a long, straight stretch at the bottom.
&&&&&&
He's not going to give her more than that. He's still not sure what to make of it himself. Was John trying to even the score somehow for Mary's choice? Even without having looked at the thumb drive, the provenance of 'Gloria' isn't a difficult leap. But then Sherlock doesn't believe John would have intended to turn his own child into a battlefield. Especially as he apparently didn't want Mary to know he'd given their daughter Sherlock's middle name.
"He doesn't need to, he virtually owns Sky. And I imagine it's actually my online activity he's interested in. This was just a bonus."
"Well, maybe not recently," Sherlock allowed. "Their faces told an interesting story when you had to have her desk replaced last month, though."
Sherlock doesn't answer for a good long while. Then he admits, "Yes."
"You're- You're so damn full of yourself, you know that?"
The moment stretched into something undefined as they held each other's eyes. Watson's were blue, Sherlock noted, but even as he thought that they shifted into gray and something flickered behind them, something hidden that had Sherlock looking deeper, all thought of the children around them forgotten.
"I don't know what you think you're-" Doctor Watson says, but the woman speaks over him.
This will get pretty explicit following the section break. If you'd rather not have a play-by-play of two grown men going at it, you can skip to chapter 23 at that point without losing (much of) the plot.
"Oh right, yeah. Could probably use a drink myself," John says, trying to lighten the mood. He falls silent, watching Sherlock. Then, as if the silence is too much, he adds, "I'm a bit concerned about a couple of spots on Tris's back. I was going to take the stitches out tomorrow, but there's some redness there. Might just be irritated from travelling and all, but-"
"That does sound serious. In the fridge, you said?"
Tristram doesn't really think of Uncle Mycroft as 'funny', but he's glad that Emily seems to have warmed to him.
"Pretty disturbing, that play," John said as he ran the water.
"Busy," Father mumbles.
John tried to keep his expression neutral as Sherlock searched his face, maybe looking for John's own answer, maybe trying to decide whether John was really the person he wanted this with. If he wanted it with anyone. John wasn't sure himself what he wanted Sherlock to say. A huge part of him wanted Sherlock to say yes, to say he wanted it all, part and parcel, that sex was on the table. John had never been in an exclusive relationship -- a romantic relationship, if they were at a point where they could call it that -- without sex before, but he'd pretty much been resigned to that being what he and Sherlock had. Whether because Sherlock was asexual or because their friendship was already so fragile after all that had happened, that trying to add that dimension to it might break it. Or just because they were satisfied with the way things were.
"Well spotted," Sherlock said. "What was it that tipped you off? Being escorted off the premises by security?" He had to hand it to Mycroft for not pulling any punches on account of the children.
Tristram's brain is only now catching up. Doctor Watson was lying on top of Father. He was kissing him. Kissing, not crying. That's what they were doing. Father was holding onto him. He wanted him there. Tristram feels like he's the one that's going to cry. He knows that what he saw was more than kissing. Putting your mouths together, that's kissing (which is kind of gross, but his father does lots of things - enjoys lots of things - that most people would consider gross; also, the people in Mrs Hudson's shows on the telly kiss, sometimes a lot, so Tristram knows it's normal behaviour for adults. Maybe they get used to the grossness, like they do the taste of coffee). But Doctor Watson and Father were in bed together. Their bodies were touching. All over. They had their clothes off - some of them, anyway. They both still had their trousers on. Were they … doing it? He knows it's called something else, but he doesn't even want to use that word in his head. Tristram also knows, technically, abstractly, how a man and a woman make a baby, and that two men can do something similar, even if it doesn't result in a baby. He can't think that thought through any further. He tears his eyes away, unable to look at his father anymore.
"I know I've made mistakes along the way, and maybe I did expect too much, or the wrong things, of certain people, but seeing this all come together here, tonight, beyond - honestly, beyond all my wildest expectations - makes me think that maybe I wasn't so wrong after all.
John brightened visibly. "Oh, right! Yes, I'd be happy to. Do you have them here?"
&&&&&&
"All this could be yours..." John mutters darkly.
After a couple of minutes, John turns on the radio, not too loud, and flips through the stations until he finds one playing a trite, modern hit.
Father then proceeds to thump around in his room for a bit while Tristram and Emily go upstairs and help Doctor Watson drag a field bed down from the crawlspace. It's rather battered and smells like damp, but Doctor Watson is quite taken with it, pronouncing it a genuine relic from the war. Tristram knows he means World War Two, even though there have been lots of other wars since. It's funny how people talk about that one as if it were the only one, or at least the only one that counted, even though there's hardly anyone left who was alive then. Even Mrs Hudson wasn't born yet. Grandmother was, but she says mostly what she remembers is afterwards, when they could finally, finally have all the sweets they wanted.
1 can of sweet corn
"You haven't lost me. You will never lose me." Sherlock's voice comes out as barely more than a whisper. He squeezes John's hand.
"Sherlock..." His smile is still audible. He puts his hands on Sherlock's shoulders and squeezes tightly. "I'm..." He lifts his head again to look Sherlock in the eye, his face full of fondness and affection and something much more profound as well. Catching the skittish look that's already forming on Sherlock's end, though, he immediately assures him, "Don't worry, I won't..." He runs his fingers through Sherlock's slightly sweaty curls and smiles in a way that's faintly wistful. "It's good, though, yeah?"
"I'll look into all of that," Sherlock says, but it sounds more like lip service.
"A little. Not so much," Tristram tells him.
Sherlock made a face. "We won't mention what Anderson and Donovan have been getting up to in her classroom then."
Father pauses in the doorway. "Hm?"
"No, but you might have."
Sherlock makes a negative sound. "Wasn't expecting his elbow to fly out like that."
John backed up. Sherlock hadn't looked up, was now writing something on a piece of paper.
"Because my mother left right after I was born," Tristram says matter-of-factly. Uncle Mycroft told him that a long time ago. Tristram hadn't even asked. He just said it while they sat next to each other on the piano bench one afternoon at his house. Uncle Mycroft was playing the Moonlight Sonata at the time, and he didn't even stop. Just kept calmly moving his fingers over the keys as he told Tristram about his mother deciding he was better off with his father and bowing out of the picture. Those were Uncle Mycroft's words: 'She bowed out of the picture.' Tristram always imagined a woman whose face he couldn't see standing on a stage and bowing at the waist as the spotlight went out.
Sherlock felt warmth flooding his chest and face. It was both pleasant and confusing. John was okay with this being called a date - possibly even had come with that very expectation. John
In response to Emily, for now, he just shrugs and says, "Maybe."
Father looks at Tristram's suitcase, then his. "Stand up," he says.
"Look at the cover." Tristram nods at the book in Emily's lap.
"Now we're going to play a guessing game," he says. "I'll give you three clues, and whoever guesses what the surprise is can have it first. But don't worry," he adds. "You're both getting exactly the same thing."
Afternoon lessons were a nightmare. Sherlock was well aware he was presenting the material too fast and skipping vital steps, but he was in a race now to get to the end of the day, when he could talk to Lestrade. It didn't help any to see John watching him from where he was sitting with one of the groups, not saying anything, his expression becoming grimmer and grimmer, his jaw hardening more and more. Sherlock finally resorted to telling the children to get out their reading books and work silently for the remaining half hour.
"But you think I've misled you in some way? You think I'm hiding something from you?"
"Please tell me how exactly you did not benefit from striking a crippling blow to the organisation that killed your wife and sister-in-law."
Once in the bathroom, Doctor Watson guides Tristram to sit down on the toilet lid before getting out the travel bag with his medical supplies from under the sink. Tristram watches as he washes his hands thoroughly then takes some gauze, disinfectant, ointment, and tape from his bag.
There's an en suite bath attached to the guest room, and when Emily goes in to check it out, she calls to Tristram to join her. "Let's make a potion!" she says.
"When are they coming for dinner?" Tristram asks, half-running to keep up with his father's long strides.
Tristram nods.
olive oil
John didn't look surprised at all. Quite the opposite; he looked as if Sherlock had just done something which was both entirely expected and absolutely incredible. Sherlock wasn't used to anyone anticipating excellence from him. Even at the College, where one had to be very good to even achieve admission, the teachers had been on the lookout for weaknesses.
Sender: John
That. Tristram waits a little longer, long enough that his bare feet start to get chilled. As he turns to leave again, his father sits up straight and looks at Tristram as if he's just noticed him standing there.
"Mary's," John interrupts.
John put up a bit of a protest when he realised they were opening the kitchen just for him and Sherlock (tiresome, if predictable), but the hospitality of Yosef and his wife Gelila was so genuine and irrefutable that he gave in even more quickly than at Angelo's.
"Leave it on," Sherlock says in a low voice and shifts so he can lean over John. He braces himself with one arm on John's chest and studies his face: his dark, half-lidded eyes, his mouth, slightly parted and expectant.
"What have you got then?" John asks. Emily and Tristram hold out their finds.
"Some random man you used to work with invited you for Christmas."
Sherlock was actually quite glad for the chance to catch his breath. It wasn't the right time for this. It was good (marvelous, fantastic, spectacular) that John was interested in more physicality, but not when he was ill.
"I don't know either, but we won't get an answer any other way."
"That was interesting." She slid a thick contract onto Mycroft's desk.
"He just said we all needed to get away after everything that's happened," Emily says.
The smile froze, then slid off Stamford's face. The bell rang. The other teachers slowly got to their feet, some shooting Sherlock disapproving looks occasionally mixed with pity, which didn't make any sense; he wasn't the one who was going to have a young of the species hanging off him for the next twenty years. Others were shaking Stamford's hand and patting him on the back, offering him both congratulations and commiserations.
"He doesn't like this kind of book," Tristram says, rather than try and explain why his father, on principle, wouldn't read to them. Mostly because he doesn't know exactly what that principle is, only that it's true.
"Are you certain it's him?" Tristram's father asks Tristram.
John raised a hand as he started to walk away. "Good night. Give Gladstone a scratch from me."
"That's great. I need you to tell me anywhere it hurts, other than your back." Doctor Watson is kneeling beside him. Tristram hears clothes rustling. He turns his head and chances opening his eyes. Doctor Watson is taking off his jacket, followed by the jumper underneath it. There is blood all over. All over Tristram. Dripping down his arm. There isn't any blood on Doctor Watson that Tristram can see, so it must be Tristram's blood. It seems a waste. Father could do so many nice experiments with it.
"Do you want to come see it?" He doesn't know what makes him ask. He knows Father's going to say-
At break, though, Emily shakes her head when Tristram asks. "You can't come today. I'm going to see a lady."
"I'm beginning to suspect you don't trust me." The statement is teasing, but there's a warning behind it that demands attention.
"So, tomorrow we start on the play?" Watson prompted. "I, er... Not that I'm any good, but I can play the keyboard a bit. Chords, nothing fancy. So, I could. If it would be helpful." At Sherlock's blank look, he hurried on to ask, "Do you have a script or anything?"
Tristram tears a sheet out of one of his notebooks and gives her a pen. She writes a quick note and dashes back across the hall to leave it next to her father. He is still dead to the world.
Tristram's surprised too. Father is never to be interrupted when he's on a case. Least of all for something like to check when he's coming back. He'll be back whenever he's done, and he can't know when he's done until he is. But Irene wouldn't know that. Tristram's not about to point it out to her, either. He's getting a bit anxious himself, even if it hasn't even been an hour.
Sherlock has completely forgotten about his beer. He only bought it to have an excuse to sit down. He pushes it across the table toward John.
"How well do you know your way around a rifle?" John asks dryly.
"What do you say, Tris?" Doctor Watson asks. "Think you could show us around?"
John was about to get his back up over Sherlock continuing to play hide-and-seek with the truth when all of a sudden, the penny dropped. Sherlock's spyglass and compass stowed under the workbench; the pirate ship; the 1980s. There was no case. Sherlock had brought John here to see one of his boyhood memories. There wouldn't have been any laser tag or 4D cinema back then, probably just the ships, maybe not even all of them. He would have come here some weekend or holiday with his parents and Mycroft, maybe even Christmas Eve one year, seen this ship and promptly spun himself a fantasy of pirate gold and the high seas, poisonings in the mess and swordfights up and down the rigging.
"It's not... " John sighs but then purses his lips in a wry smile. "Yeah," he agrees, his voice soft. "My chair. And I'd be holding her — this would be before she could sit up properly. So I'd hold her, propping her head up so she could see you, and you'd be standing in front of the fireplace or the window, pacing back and forth while you played your violin, and we'd just sit and watch you. She would have loved that."
The light flashes for Father's picture, so he must be done. He pulls the curtain back, but before he can get up, Doctor Watson says, "One more thing," and steps around Tristram and Emily so he can go into the booth with Father. He pulls the curtain shut.
John huffed -- a gasp, maybe oversensitive, but maybe a chuckle too. Either way, a suggestion that Sherlock hurry things along. But Sherlock was not about to give up one moment of the unparalleled experience of fucking John Watson up the arse for anything other than-
John's heart kicked up a notch. "Right, yeah," he said casually. As if he'd already thought about that. Which he had. "My room's more private though," he pointed out. Mrs Hudson's bedroom was right underneath Sherlock's. "We could always move things round."
"It's too bad I didn't choose the forceps," Holmes mused after the third or fourth dose of hot wax on that side. "You respond so prettily to being pinched." The last word was punctuated by a sharp twist between his thumb and forefinger.
Still pressing the back of his left arm against his cast, Tristram shoves the stand toward the door with his foot, remembering to leave room for the door to swing open, then dashes back to the closet. There are four compartments on top of each other, each about half a meter on a side. His clothes and other sundries are distributed amongst them. He quickly sweeps everything out of the bottom compartment and stuffs it all in the next one up, grabs the phone, and kneels down. The jacket is still lying there on the floor. He puts it on and backs himself into the bottom section of the closet. It's a very tight squeeze, and the shelf above him scrapes his back as he squirms his way in. The jacket gives him an extra layer of padding, but he still hopes he hasn't torn open any of his cuts. He tucks his injured hand in against his chest and grasps the bottom edge of the door to pull it shut as far as he can. It bumps against his knee, leaving a crack of light, but he can't get himself any further into the closet. It will have to do.
"You want to do it like this?" she asked when she came up for air.
"He's seen me in considerably less than an open shirt before."
Sherlock had a vague notion that Garfield was the fat orange cat, but he'd never paid attention to what it ate. Cat food was too obvious. Fish was the only one of the remaining choices that made any sense, but the other two -- lasagna and gummy bears -- were so preposterous, it was likely that one of them was in fact correct.
Father joins Doctor Watson in the kitchen, leaving Tristram alone. He pulls the blanket up around himself again. He can hear them continue talking, as well as the tinkling of glassware and metal.
Grandmother snaps her mouth shut and picks up her wine glass. "He doesn't agree, of course, because it's not something he would have thought of." She says this calmly, but Tristram hears the disapproval. He also hears another echo of Uncle Mycroft in the calmness.
And all of a sudden, she meant it for what she'd arranged with Sherlock too. If John ever found out, he'd really be hurt. She was a terrible person. But John would do absolutely anything for Sherlock; she knew that too. She'd gathered from things that he and Sherlock had both let drop here and there that John had even killed someone once, to protect Sherlock. Sex probably wouldn't be completely off limits either, if it were truly integral to Sherlock's happiness. Which it wasn't, she knew that. But the point was that John would do it, so maybe he wouldn't be as upset as someone else might be whose girlfriend was having sex with his best friend. About to, anyway.
"I'll have a look," Sherlock said, trying to sound curt, as he slipped the paper into his coat. He fancied he could feel the residual warmth from it having been in John's pocket. The notion made a sharp and entirely unwelcome sort of longing flare up somewhere behind his ribs.
Sherlock more than half expected that John would suggest meeting up again, if only to discuss the changes to the song, but he went off to lunch with Stamford and Molly Hooper without a word to Sherlock, and at the end of the school day, said nothing more than a friendly good-bye before going on his way.
"Bastard."
Sherlock thought he should probably be irritated at the sharp burst of pleasure that spiked in his chest at the knowledge that John had left the children to come and talk to him. It was silly, but he enjoyed it nonetheless.
"Where are you?" Father barks out.
"Oh, Bill, don't be so stuffy. Young people need their privacy. And she shouldn't be alone at night in a strange place. You don't want her getting a fright. Now let me write this email."
Tristram backs up, even though he knows that won't do any good. Half a metre won't make a difference. The guard is still looking the other way. At least it looks like he's looking the other way, but Tristram knows that trick all too well. Tristram bumps into someone behind him. Hands immediately grasp his shoulders. Tristram jerks around. It's Father, steadying him. Tristram tries to tell him, but his heart feels like it's leaping into his throat such that he can hardly get the words out. "The bodyguard..."
John leaned forward to peruse the notes. It took a surprising amount of willpower for Sherlock not to let his hand rest on John's back. He imagined what the rough-soft nap of the woolen jumper would feel like against his palm.
"Yes, fine, on the way then," Sherlock said, practically tapping his foot with impatience. There were so many things he could do while John ran through his spiel about safe sex and how they- Sherlock froze for a moment. Damn. He didn't actually have any condoms. But there were still lots of things they could do, he reassured himself, and anyway right now he wasn't interested in an orgasm per se, but in touching John's skin and reading what was written there and
"This isn't for chatting with your friends," her father reminds her. "It's to reach a trusted adult in an emergency."
John shakes his head and insists, pushing Sherlock gently but firmly away. "She's really not!"
Sherlock goes out the door from the living room, but a moment later re-appears in the entrance to the kitchen from the outer hall.
"That'll be the food," Sherlock said. "Would you mind? I'll get the wine out of the ice box." Without waiting for an answer, Sherlock turned and went to the refrigerator. Behind him, he vaguely registered the sound of John's voice diminishing in the direction of the front door.
Sherlock shrugged. "It's the name I knew him by when I first met him. Felt odd to change."
Molly Hooper flicked her eyes to Sherlock and away again, shaking her head. As she did so, her ponytail swung earnestly back and forth. "I swear I didn't." Her ears were already turning red, as they always did when she talked to, about, or in the vicinity of Sherlock. Another point of tedium. Sherlock had tried embarrassing her, belittling her, and flat-out insulting her, all to no avail. In fact, the attention had only seemed to flatter her. He was now resorting to ignoring her.
&&&&&&
John had somehow worked one hand up inside the back of Sherlock's pyjama shirt, which reminded Sherlock that more skin was to be had of John's as well. He tugged at John's undershirt, muttering, "Off," but didn't stop kissing him while John struggled to comply, resulting in a bit of a tangle and one almost-knee in the testicles.
Tristram crouches down next to him. He tries to make a snowball with his one usable hand, but the best he can do is a misshapen lump about the size of a walnut. Beside him, Father works quickly and soon there are about a dozen snowballs piled up. Father stands up with one of the snowballs and lobs it at Doctor Watson and Emily, who look like they are making their own stockpile. Emily shrieks and covers her head with her arms, but Doctor Watson calmly watches Father's snowball sail past and land somewhere behind them.
"I am not wasting another entire morning on it."
Sherlock's skin beneath his fingers was already damp and hot, and John could taste salt between them as their mouths slid and sucked and explored each other. Sherlock meanwhile, impatient, reached inside the soft leather loin sling John had already stripped down to before Sherlock joined him, fondling and kneading him with fingers that were now long practised. John's spirit essence gathered inside him, swelling his cock until it was prepared to spill out and mingle with another.
The next piece of evidence is that his father is glued to his mobile and he isn't eating.
John has his eyes squeezed shut, his forehead creased in concentration. His lips encase Sherlock's girth and he has the thumb and index finger of his uninjured hand placed delicately at the base to steady him. His head is moving back and forth, unimaginative but relentless. Sherlock doesn't have a chance. Doesn't want one. John is danger and chemicals, competence with sharp bits. All of Sherlock's favourite things.
"But there was something else, before that," Tristram argues. "I heard them rowing last night.
Finally, Father opens his eyes and faces Tristram again. "Tell me everything," he says. "Every detail. Every word."
While Daisy dug -- rather too obviously -- for dirt on her future son-in-law, Molly and Lestrade walked ahead holding hands, leaving John to field Posy at the rear. Sherlock half suspected Molly and Lestrade of trying to set them up together (really, why else would John have been roped into this outing?), but then again someone must have planted the boyfriend idea. Sherlock would have said Lestrade but for the way Molly had kept a close eye on her mother when John had been introduced.
Tristram forces himself not to look at the wall of glass separating the baggage claim area from the other side where people are waiting to meet their friends and family, even though he really, really wants to look and see if - maybe, possibly - Father is there. But Irene said she was taking him to Father, not that Father was coming to meet them. They've landed in London so maybe she really is taking him this time.
"I think you're a fucking lunatic is what I think," John says, speaking loudly to be heard over the wind, and being careful not to lose his footing on the gently sloping surface.
"Just like you did," John says patiently. "You try to focus on your breathing and tell yourself there's no real danger, and eventually your logic gets through to your body."
"Wherever did you- Claire," he mutters in answer to his own question. Then he says more briskly, "There's no such thing as a bogeyman. There are criminals motivated by greed, and there are men and women deluded by their own sense of importance, but they are all quite ordinary, I assure you, and I will make sure that none of them come near you ever again. And as for what you saw, it was with near one-hundred percent certainty someone in your uncle Mycroft's employ, sent here to protect you."
Something swelled in Sherlock. No one had ever stood up for him so obviously and publicly before. Not that he needed anyone to defend him, but John did it so marvelously. Whereas Sherlock relied on picking off bandages, pulling off masks and uncovering prickly truths, John had had the breathtaking inspiration to appeal to honour. So banal, so pedestrian, something that Sherlock never would have considered. And yet, look: there the adversary sat, cowed and silent. Brilliant, brilliant John.
"Yeah," John says. His voice is thick and hushed. He looks down at his hands as they splay across Sherlock's skin, skimming lightly up and down his sides, around to Sherlock's back and up over his shoulders. John's touch becomes more firm and sure, rubbing and kneading, testing to find the spots that make Sherlock's breath catch. There are a lot of them.
"Letters to Father Christmas," John (apparently) repeated.
For God's sake. While it was true John's interactions with both Lestrade and Molly had been more cordial than warm since his marriage, he was obviously included if Sherlock was going. "Don't be an idiot, John," Sherlock said irritably, "of course you're invited too. Although, that wasn't the only reason he wanted to see me." He scrolled through the entries. Ah, here it was. He hadn't deleted it after all.
"John?" Confusion. Maybe half a warning.
Tristram doesn't know what to do. Should he go get Doctor Watson? He won't be asleep yet. On the other hand, Emily could get up herself and go to her father if she wanted to. She's trying to cry really quietly. Maybe she doesn't want her father to hear. She told him she wouldn't get sad if they read about Harry Potter's parents being killed. And now she's sad just from talking about it. If it were him, Tristram thinks, he wouldn't want his father to know that he was crying. So he doesn't get Doctor Watson. Instead, he slides his hand under the cover until he finds hers, and holds it. She doesn't say anything, but she squeezes his hand back. They stay like that until her sniffles stop, but Tristram is already asleep.
"No, Mr Lestrade is not going to let us do the show."
"He wasn't one of Mycroft's men!" Father snaps.
&&&&&&
"Yes, this is the Arsenal arena. What I mean is, did we come here on purpose?"
"I thought we were to be hiking the heath," I said some time later as our carriage continued on Highgate Road past Parliament Hill and took the turn into Swain's Lane.
Sherlock had never before seen the point of making oneself popular; all that mattered to him was material competence. He wasn't there to play with the children or befriend them; he was there to impart knowledge, even if it meant stuffing it into their little underdeveloped brains by force. If by shouting and making threats, he garnered little sympathy, he had always supposed that he more than made up for it by demanding excellence, unlike his softer colleagues, whom he had always viewed with undisguised disdain.
Sherlock frowned. He should be. He was, yes. Free of the school and Lestrade and Anderson and all the rules and pressure to fit into a certain mould. The future loomed uncertainly, though, and would have to be dealt with. Eventually. He settled for a simple "Yes."
"Yes," he said coolly. "Mr Lestrade told me you would be joining us. Insomnia or nightmares?"
"I certainly don't have the skills to do what you did," Sherlock says.
"I don't have 'boyfriends'." Sherlock sounds both disgusted and offended. "And we've known each other for considerably longer than a week, surely even you would have noticed if I were in a relationship with someone else by now."
Now Father raises his head and meets his eyes, the way he does when he's going to say something he wants Tristram to absorb and know as deep inside as knowledge can go.
John sighs and runs a hand through his hair. "No, that's- Come here. Come on, come over here." John flips the cover back next to him.
"And that means...?"
"This-" Sherlock lets his gaze flicker down to their hands, then back up. "This complicates matters infinitely."
"Was it a member of the hospital staff?"
"Where exactly, Tristram?" Father presses him.
"And we'll all be able to sleep better knowing that, I'm sure."
Tristram isn't quite as excited. He wants to be excited - he's never gone on an honest-to-goodness holiday before, much less with Father. Summers at Grandmother's don't count because that's just visiting Grandmother and he knows everything there already. It's just that he was awake most if not all of the previous night, worrying about Father, and his back is sore, both from sitting for so long and from the pressure on his half-healed cuts, and he was expecting sunshine and mountains and cows and chocolate, and it's all so
(See the end of the chapter for
"Who was that?" John was standing at Sherlock's elbow, his combat-ready stance projecting protection rather than aggression. Sherlock had the illogical desire to call Moriarty back, just to make sure he saw it.
Sarah stepped away, grabbing John's hand as she walked backwards toward the bed. "Absolutely. Let's talk about you and me and that gorgeous dick of yours." She laughed a little and lifted her top over her head.
But Tristram's father says, "No. We would simply feel better with the two of you at Mycroft's."
Tristram's pretty sure there wasn't anything wrong with Uncle Mycroft's bow, other than the fact that it came from Uncle Mycroft. Just like John doesn't think there's anything wrong with the food here at the tearoom, other than the fact that it was Irene's idea.
We stopped behind a cluster of people surrounding another couple. The nude, collared alpha was standing upright, blindfolded and with a rope wrapped several times around his lower abdomen and hips, trapping his arms at his sides. I was so distracted by the sight of his engorged purple cockstand protruding from between two of the coils of rope, and his bollocks painfully squeezed between two more, that I didn't notice at first the three or four long-stemmed thorny roses wedged in between his buttocks like some kind of unnatural tail.
John, to his credit, didn't back away, although he did falter. "There's- Sorry, what does that mean?"
Posy and Molly's discussion over whether to have anything with garlic on the menu fell silent. Lestrade cleared his throat and sat back in his chair, his eyebrows raised.
Sherlock wrinkled his nose. "Who's Joe?"
She half twisted around so she could look at him. "Sherlock, we should stop, not like this."
It was true, Gladstone seemed to be taking to John as well as the children had. Now John was talking to the dog, saying ridiculous things, as if he could actually understand. Gladstone's tail was waving furiously, his tongue lolling out of his mouth as he appeared to hang on John's every word. Sherlock felt an irrational stab of jealousy.
Sherlock had already given the driver the address and settled back in his seat when John all but fell out of 221, waving urgently.
She showed up at the hotel restaurant, looking very fancy in a big fur coat, and they had lunch. She wanted to hear all about Tristram's school and what he liked to do and the places he liked to visit, and in return she told Tristram and Father all the places she'd been in the past eight years. There were a lot. She said that's why she had to leave Tristram with Father, because you couldn't drag a baby to places like Singapore and Dubai and New York. That certainly makes sense, even if Tristram hasn't been a baby for a very long time now. She never explained why she couldn't stay in London with him and Father. Tristram didn't ask.
1/2 (12 ounce) package uncooked lasagna noodles
This thing with the talking seems really important to Doctor Watson. Not just now, either. He told Tristram almost exactly the same thing when they went along to Emily's meeting with the lady she got to play games with. Mrs Daniels, that was her name. Tristram doesn't really get how talking about anything is supposed to help. It's just words, and they can't change anything that happened, or make you forget it. Plus, there's something that Doctor Watson apparently hasn't thought of.
"Ahbfloog," Father says over his shoulder. He stops so that the rest of them can catch up. "It's German for 'departure'." So that answers what the other language is.
"It's exactly as safe as staying here, with the added benefit of leaving both of us free to follow up on other leads." Father puts away his phone again and picks up the box, tucking it under one arm. "Or, if you must, you can go wipe noses and put on plasters. Tristram? We'll have to get a cab." He inclines his head toward the street.
"Daddy?" Emily is standing at the top of the stairs, still wearing her nightclothes, gripping the banister anxiously.
Ah. The goodnight kiss then. Sherlock hoped John didn't expect to greet each other similarly in school the next morning. It wasn't that he was a prude, and he certainly didn't care about offending the sensibilities of any staff members, parents, or children who might see them, but he was not going to open himself up to the endless, smug remarks such a display was certain to engender from Lestrade, Stamford, and the like. Still, they weren't at the school now, and although he was aware of the potential for drawing unwanted attention, somehow the busy street seemed more anonymous and forgiving a venue than the semi-private park, so he followed John's lips to return the gesture, lingering just a moment longer for emphasis.
John was still talking, oblivious to Sherlock's state of inner turmoil. "I'm not actually angry at you, you know," he said quietly. "I was, but now I think I'm more confused than anything. I don't know how to make any of this right again-"
John stopped short, incredulous. "For your
Sherlock glanced at him then said as he entered his password, "You got off work early, they closed up half an hour early for that nurse's farewell party but you skipped out, not really your thing, plus you didn't want to give that other one..." Sherlock snapped his fingers in John's direction.
All he said in answer to John's question, however, was "No." He didn't trust his own voice not to reveal more than he intended - or expected - if he said more at the moment.
Emily comes over and sits on the edge of the mattress, her packing forgotten for the moment. "What did they say?"
John won't be put off just yet, though. "What about Irene? She's mixed up in this too," he insists.
"All right," Sherlock agreed. He suspected there was very little, if anything, he would be able to say no to when it came to John.
Sherlock sprang for a hackney cab for the four of them to take them out to the studio complex. He was still basking in John's approval, having presented the children as the perfect way to guilt Mycroft into saying yes.
John stares at Sherlock for a moment as that knowledge sinks in, then looks away. "My God... If I hadn't come over..." he whispers.
Lestrade laughed, a bitter sound. "Yeah. Yeah, you're right. You did. This one's on me, then. Because it's never your fault, is it? It's everyone else's fault for trusting you. For seeing something good in you. Well, that's the end of it now. I can't cover you this time, Sherlock. No one can. You either, John. You're both out. And the play is cancelled, obviously. Consider this your two weeks' notice. As to the police... no idea. I think there'll be some people out there who'll want to talk to you, at least. But I'm officially done. I wash my hands of you." He went to the door but deflated a bit and paused before opening it. "For what it's worth, though," he said, standing with his back to them, "I'm sorry." Still shaking his head, Lestrade left with Molly trailing after him, her head bowed.
When she returned to the bedroom, hopefully smelling only like her own products again, she was both relieved and nervous to find John lying in bed under the covers, already dressed for bed and watching television. He turned it off with the remote when he saw her.
"That was Moriarty," Sherlock said darkly, watching the spot he had disappeared from. His blood was still thrumming with the encounter.
In the last picture, they really are taking a breath, or have stopped kissing altogether. Tristram doesn't feel any better about looking at this picture, though. Their faces are still close, but their eyes are open now and they are looking at each other. Tristram gets a funny feeling in his stomach, because this is even more private than the kissing.
"I'm perfectly aware of the circumstances, and he's fine!" Father snaps back.
Sherlock stops and grins. "Undoubtedly. But no, not deep enough. And there are multiple fingers." He whips out his phone and scrolls through a screen, reading off: "Fingers crossed, all fingers and thumbs, fingers in the till-"
The children wanted to know where Mr Watson was, of course. Sherlock merely handed out a reading comprehension text and sat down to check his phone again. Nothing. He ran his hands through his hair. This was intolerable. He needed a cigarette. Was this what worry felt like? This ants-under-the-skin urge to do something, to demand from Molly, Lestrade, anyone, where John was?
(They hadn't named him, but the name they had picked out was Sherrinford. He had no idea how Rudy had found that out. Bill had felt completely disconnected when they went to visit the facility. The woman in the soft white scrubs with the unkempt hair was a stranger to him. Not his daughter. He was there for Vi and Sherlock. Not her. (Not Mycroft either, but that was another story.) His Eurus was long dead. )
"I was," she says. "But you could have woken me up. I would have liked to see the stable one more time."
"So. Did you talk to Mycroft?" John asked.
Tristram gets a tingly feeling in his head and stomach. A bad tingly feeling. John was going to take Emily and leave? Is that what the shouting was about? What was it that John found out that made him want to leave? Is he angry at Father? Are they really not boyfriends anymore? Is that why Father was sitting out in the living room in the middle of the night? All of a sudden, Tristram feels sick. Somehow he feels like this is his fault. He's not sure how, but somehow it has to do with him. John was going to take Emily and go back home and leave Tristram behind. With Father, of course, but he was still going to leave him behind. Maybe he wasn't even planning to say good-bye. Maybe he was going to wake Emily up in the middle of the night and sneak out like they did from Uncle Mycroft's.
I was distracted from my suspicions by the sight of Johnson's meaty hand moving toward Holmes. I was on the verge of knocking it away before I could even think about it, until I realized he was only stopping Holmes from moving toward Miss Winter and the others.
"John, you have to trust me."
"Female, for one."
Doctor Watson, who had stepped away from the ambulance while he was talking on the phone, returns now that he's finished and gives Father his phone back.
"Take this off." Sherlock twists his fingers into the material of John's t-shirt under his shoulders.
John goes into the bathroom and washes his hands. When he comes back, he fully expects a continuation of the argument, but Sherlock is complying, surprisingly enough, his fingers slowly working the buttons open.
The other line that was clear was the fact that Sherlock was still keeping secrets. John had thought they were doing better in that regard. Not that John didn't have a thing or two he hadn't told Sherlock. But this concerned 'the Work'. John had made it clear in no uncertain terms, the day he'd moved back, that he wasn't going to be involved in anything he didn't have full knowledge of. No more rooftop rendezvous arranged behind his back. No more drugging the tea with known or unknown compounds. No more tricking him into bringing his gun along so Sherlock could use it to shoot inconvenient media moguls. Well, the last one was impossible anyway, since John's gun had, for obvious reasons, never been returned. And while he was sure Sherlock wouldn't have a problem getting his hands on a replacement -- perhaps even officially sanctioned via Mycroft -- John felt he'd had rather enough of guns for the time being.
Everything went fine on Saturday too, with a late start and an afternoon big band concert in the park, after which they split up so she could do some shopping and John could ... do whatever it was he did. Possibly, in hindsight, some errand for Sherlock, since when she arrived back at the hotel, she was more than surprised to see Sherlock and John sitting in the lounge. John at least had the good grace to look sheepish, while Sherlock busied himself with his phone.
Emily pouts, but doesn't seem very put out. Even so, seeing her dissatisfaction makes Tristram feel worse. He'd rather undo the suitcase and pull it himself now, just so it's fair again.
Outside, the streets were still busy. Sherlock's head was buzzing and he needed to get away from all the noise, aural and otherwise. He set off toward the nearby riverside park.
John wrenched his eyes away from the stage to focus on Sherlock. "What, why are they good?"
"This is a surprise," John said as he settled back against the table beside Sherlock. He took the cup and pulled up the plastic lid, sniffed and took a tentative sip, then nodded appreciatively. "Thanks, but to what do I owe this?"
Doctor Watson has also picked up a handful, which he tries to squeeze together into a ball.
"If we could cast a spell that would let us see right through the floor." She points down and grins mischievously. "Then we'd know what they're doing."
Sherlock chuckled. "I was expressing scepticism about the hair. But yes, he's definitely a good dancer. Better than you, at any rate." He eyed him speculatively.
Sherlock made a sound that could be taken as acknowledgment. He looked around more carefully. Was this some kind of trap or set-up? A hidden camera to record the scene as John pretended to be nice to him, only to pull the rug out from under him at the end? Mycroft would be the first in line to watch it, closely followed by Moriarty and half the Baker Street School staff. Scratch that; the entire staff.
It occurs to Tristram that Emily succeeded in getting each and every one of his questions regarding Irene answered in the space of a few minutes, and with a minimum of fuss. Maybe she should tackle Father's questions about Irene too. Although there's still some uncertainty - at least in Father's mind, which for Tristram is as good as empirical evidence - as to whether she was telling the truth. But for the time being, her answers are good enough for Tristram to be going on with.
Surprisingly, the story has elevated them somewhat in the regard of Sebastian and his cronies, who have been badgering them for details about the bad guy, the bomb, and how they got away. To Tristram's relief, no one's thought so far as to wonder
"Yeah, well I wanted to tell you in person too." John rubs his forehead. "I was frustrated and I thought you were shutting me out. But you were right, one of us needed to stay here. And I couldn't have told Mycroft anything that you couldn't. Much less, probably."
"Oh God, yeah, you're right. Next time shoot me or something." John rolls his head against the wall behind him so he can look Sherlock in the face again. His giggles slowly dissipate.
"You heard me. Your respiration's elevated, skin's pale and clammy. Shirt off, now."
Sherlock moves his leg closer, insinuating it between John's. John draws in a sharp breath, and pushes back, takes a step away, and Sherlock drops his hands.
"Aside from the 'you people'," Greg said pointedly, but Molly shot him a look, half apologetic, half shushing, with a quick shake of her head. Sherlock agreed with her. Not worth it. Especially not with this a perennial sore subject for John. He clenched his teeth and stared at his lemon and blueberry tartlet, waiting for the denial.
By next morning, Sherlock had been able to put all thought of his reckless braggadocio out of his mind. According to everything he'd been able to find out, Moriarty's current ambition went no further than securing corporate sponsorship for his production, and the concommitant entree into the 'right people's' consciousness. For all Sherlock cared, he could have at it. He wasn't about to get in a pissing match over money or influence. In fact, he might just set Moriarty up with Mycroft. It would serve both of them right.
"As I said, an interesting life!" Victor called over his shoulder as he strode off in the direction of the chapel.
"Perhaps," she acknowledges, but the hint of smugness in her tone tells a different story.
John giggles helplessly. "I don't think I've ever heard it called that before."
5-7 large yukon gold potatoes
Doctor Watson must also hear him, or perhaps he saw where Tristram was looking. He turns around, lowering the pillows. "What's wrong?" he asks, immediately on alert.
John slid the remote back to Sherlock's side of the table and picked up his beer. "Are you doubting my expertise in lasagna?" He looked up at the screen expectantly, taking a sip.
"In fact," Father continues, unaware of the effect his words have had on Tristram, "I believe she has already, after a fashion. John said she stopped by your table at breakfast this morning."
John's shoulders sag. "I don't even know now. Stability, I guess. The prospect of not being alone. Having something to show for my life. I think not a small amount of wanting to prove to myself I was my own man... You know, that I could do something, be something that didn't involve you." His lips curve upwards in a vaguely bitter smile. "And we did have fun. She
"No, no, don't worry," Sherlock said quickly. "I don't want to keep you."
"Oh, right. Well, seeing as he's at the root of the entire situation with the play, and you're not much for talking about things, I thought I'd try and piece it together for myself."
His grin falls away. "No way."
"Tris, breathe," Emily says. Her blue eyes are right in front of his face, not letting him see anything else. He's trying, he wants to say, but he can't spare the air.
Emily and Irene seem to be having something of a standoff over the question of when John and Father are coming back. Tristram knows grown-ups don't like it when you ask the same thing over and over. That's not just a quirk of his father's. Some of his teachers at school would also get a pained look on their face when one of the other children needed something explained more than two or three times. So he expects Irene will get exasperated and say, 'When he and Sherlock are done with their errand,' the way she has the other ninety-nine times. Instead she checks her watch.
After that, Doctor Watson explains about the GPS tracker, which will send a signal as long as the phone is turned on. He also goes through some scenarios with them of when it would be appropriate to use the phone: if the adult who's supposed to pick them up from school doesn't show up, if they get hurt while they're home alone - only something big, not just like a stubbed toe - and of course if someone they don't know tries to make them go with them. In that case, Doctor Watson says it's probably best if they don't even take the phone out of their pocket, but just push the call button and any one of the numbers. When their trusted adult answers and doesn't hear Tristram or Emily speak, they'll know something is very wrong and go to the internet site where they can track the phone.
"Just listen."
"The city will be happy to let us use the cathedral ruins as planned. They won't have any other events booked in at such short notice. Likewise with the sponsors. They only get publicity if the play goes on, and that's all they care about. As for the children, I should think their parents would be happy to see them perform, regardless of Lestrade's opinion." It all seemed so self-explanatory when stated like that.
has written
"Lunch at twelve," Mrs Bowen reminds them before the three of them go upstairs to find Tristram's father.
John went over to pick up Sherlock's phone and started tapping out a response. Sherlock's hands -- double gloved, John was pleased to see -- were indeed speckled with bits of blood and tissue. The fleshy lump on the dissecting tray in front of him had been thoroughly picked apart, and slices of various thicknesses were lined up neatly to one side.
'Dippy' is the nickname of the Diplodocus skeleton displayed in the main hall of the Natural History Museum in London.
The classroom door flew open and the children started to come in, chattering excitedly. As soon as they saw John and Sherlock, they swarmed over, shouting things about being on the telly and who was going to be Mary and whether 'Iron Man' was going to make a guest appearance, whoever – or whatever – that was.
"I know who you are."
"Because that's what's most important," Doctor Watson continues. "I don't want you ever to feel unhappy or uncomfortable in your own home because of me and Emily."
&&&&&&
There's no schnipo or sausages or poo-filled nuggets on the menu this time. There is only fondue. Father says that means 'melted', and sure enough, a short while later a steaming pot full of pale yellow melted cheese appears on their table. Tristram looks at the other tables, all with their steaming pots, and understands where the locker-room smell is from. The idea, Tristram quickly discovers, is to use a long fork to spear a cube of bread from the basket they are provided with, dip that into the cheese, and ferry the dripping morsel to one's mouth. It makes sense now, too, why the tables are so small - it's so that everyone can reach the cheese pot in the middle without having to stretch across someone else.
Mrs Hudson offers to make dinner for them, but Emily wants the chicken nuggets that are waiting upstairs, so they are sent back up with two more scones wrapped up in plastic for Emily's father when he gets home later.
John gave him a sceptical look.
"He'll need something new to hold over you. He can't be sure threatening Mary's life will sway you, now that you've moved out."
"We can talk about it... about everything, tomorrow," Doctor Watson says.
"Like I said, I'm sure you'll do what you think best," John says tightly. "The offer stands. But even if you don't take it up, I just-" John's stance relaxes slightly and his voice becomes softer. "Talk to him. Or let him talk to you. The two of you, you're all that you have."
"Saffron and Liam." Sherlock pointed at the lucky pair. The girl had two left feet (and was, incidentally, no mean dissembler), and the boy had a perpetual head cold. Perfect.
"Well, it can't be proven, of course, but that's the story. Meringue... Meiringen. It's where the name comes from, at any rate."
"No, no, we thought perhaps there was a problem," the woman answers. She is smiling now. "We saw the two children alone, and you were..." She glances at the spot where the snow is all trampled and broken up.
John looked over his shoulder from where he stood at the cooker. Looked longer than necessary to check the wines. His eyes on Sherlock's face, his body, his hands, his shoes, back to his face. No heat, none of the simmering dark something Sherlock sometimes felt when John's gaze lingered on him. It was more clinical this time, assessing, as if checking that everything was still in its proper place. So that was it. Not forgotten then. John was concerned Sherlock had been out getting himself into some sort of trouble, that that was the reason for his disingenuity. A simple notion to refute. Sherlock withstood the muster. This would hopefully be the end of it.
"Absolutely not."
Sherlock shouldn't want it but he does. He's never been good at denying himself something he wants, so he slides his hips forward and leans his head back and bites his lip.
"Yeah, that could do me." She closed her eyes again and slid back and forth on him, chasing her impending climax like an itch that was just out of reach.
He's still holding out hope that his father's going to come to them, as soon as he's finished with the men he was meeting in Switzerland. The more time passes, though, the more that hope dwindles. But if they're not waiting for Father, what then?
"Hey," John said softly, bumping Sherlock's leg with his shoulder. "What are you looking at? Anything good?"
Recalling the alpha's distended trousers and solicitous kisses, the omega's flushed, wet entrance and needy gasps, there was no possibility of that. I believe Johnson hoped I would react with disgust and shock so that he would have an excuse to rescind the invitation that had allowed me to accompany Holmes that night. Holmes, of course, would never hear of leaving until he had achieved his purpose, and I could not let him stay alone. I was certain that Johnson would be only too eager to offer his services to an abandoned omega.
Sherlock hadn't even noticed that John had stopped the music and was now standing beside him.
Sherlock snorts.
"That honour belongs to the octagenarian with the arteries of steel behind you."
John takes a moment to digest that. "Right. Okay," he says carefully. "Only, it does concern him."
"Right, well, I'd better go. John-" She jerked her thumb toward the door.
"Wait, you two
"Everything I know." It might be agreement, but it might also be a counteroffer.
Sherlock grunted petulantly.
The omega nodded and firmed his back, bracing for the inevitable. I watched along with the others now in breathless fascination as the alpha moved the buzzing apparatus forward once more, and this time when the report sounded and the omega croaked out, "Ten!" before collapsing into a shuddering heap cradled in his alpha's arms, I felt not disgust and shock but pride, relief and approval that he had withstood the test.
"John saved our father's life," Sherlock said savagely, jabbing a finger in John's direction. "You would be planning his funeral right now if it weren't for him, rather than trying to find the quickest escape route back to London. Or maybe you'd have left that to John as well."
"Okay, right." John rocked back and forth on his heels and looked around (stalling, either has something to say or is expecting something). "I guess I'll... see you tomorrow then."
...who made his life bearable.
Doctor Watson also told Tristram that Father had a plan, that he wouldn't have done what he did if there were any danger in it. Tristram thinks he was trying to convince himself as much as Tristram, because he admitted he didn't actually know what that plan was. But it did succeed in Tristram and Emily and Doctor Watson being safe, and no one being injured.
"There's a case?" John asked, already standing.
John had used up nine of his fingers. He now folded his arms on the table and leaned in, his eyes on Sherlock's, so cold and intense that Sherlock nearly flinched when he hissed, "We have killed for each other, and very nearly died for each other. The last woman I dated -- who I married mostly -- mostly -- because I thought you wanted me to -- turned out to be a pathological liar who almost killed you. She almost killed you, Sherlock." John broke off, his voice choked. He turned his head away, squeezing his eyes shut and clenching his fists on the table.
Molly and the children shoved around the big wooden boxes they were using as props to simulate the shape of the stable, while John went to the keyboard and shuffled through the sheets of music. Sherlock watched him out of the corner of his eye. When John found the song, he stood staring down at it for a long moment, then looked over at Sherlock. The expression on his face wasn't one of delight. It wasn't anger, either, though. It was that soft, quiet smile, the same one Sherlock had slipped into the leather photo album in his mind palace, and his heart swelled with the knowledge that he'd finally done something right.
"We don't live with them," John says without looking at Irene, spreading jam on his roll rather forcefully.
(See the end of the chapter for
When he's done, he goes across to Uncle Mycroft's room to see if Emily is ready to go downstairs. She is sitting with her legs hanging off the side of the bed and an unhappy expression on her face. Her father is standing next to her. It looks like they've been having a disagreement.
Once we had all of the equipment at hand, a pitcher of water at the ready, I lay down on the bed. Holmes bade me lie on my back, both because he deemed it would be an easier position for me to hold steady for many minutes, and because he wanted - needed, he said - to see my face.
"I've been waiting all night for you to wake up," Sherlock said, cradling the back of John's head with his hand and kissing down his jawline.
She shakes her head and considers her drawing. "No, but my dad told me. He said he and your dad kissed a few times and decided they fancied each other and he wanted to know if it was okay with me, and I told him it was." She holds her drawing up. "What do you think? How's this?"
Tristram doesn't know what she's talking about, but Uncle Mycroft laughs. "Not in my repertoire, I'm afraid. You are truly your father's daughter, aren't you?"
John takes a step back. "I know, it's fine." He looks at Sherlock with a glint of humour in his eye. "I probably don't want to know how you're going to get into Princess' room."
Source: http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/hashbrowns_12454
"Damnit, Sherlock! I'm not an idiot!" John explodes.
But John apparently had ideas of his own. He walked over to Anderson and Donovan with the air of a commanding officer dressing down an unruly soldier.
"Where does it hurt?" Doctor Watson asks.
Tristram, more confused than ever, goes upstairs. Looking for Emily, he finds Doctor Watson alone in their room, sitting on the bed with his phone in his hand. He looks up and smiles when Tristram appears in the doorway. He looks tired, but... nice. Tristram can't dredge up any of the resentment he wants to feel. Just then, he's glad Doctor Watson is here with them at Grandmother's.
"Deductions," Sherlock supplied suspiciously. He knew he should leave, go see Lestrade and do what he'd planned, but he was curious where Watson was going with this.
Tristram swallows past the queasy lump in his throat. His father really wants this. Possibly more than he wants an interesting murder. "I'll help you," he says, finding that he actually means it once the words are out. "If you want. Emily too. She wants you and Doctor Watson to get along. She says you make him happy."
"What's it do?" Tristram asks.
So Sherlock was coming in here while John was out and lying in the bed. It wouldn't let John go. He knew the reason. Of course he did. As faintly as the sheets smelled of Sherlock, they smelled that much more of John. It didn't take a genius to make the deduction.
John's arms are like steel bands around Sherlock's ribcage. His hips seize up, his buttocks tighten, and warmth blooms between them. Sherlock keeps his hand moving, but more lightly now. John gasps and takes a shuddering breath, and then there is more warmth. Sherlock slows and pets and squeezes out the last drops as John rocks against him.
"No, now let me give you the clues or we'll be all afternoon while you go through your entire Christmas wish list. Right. First clue: I have both of your surprises in my pockets."
Greg looked up from the fingerprint scans Wyzoczky had been showing him on her tablet. It took him a moment to catch on to what the sergeant was talking about.
Sherlock's mood turned suddenly sour. He saw what was going on. John was bringing Molly in on the project because he didn't want to be put in an awkward position like Saturday night again. He wanted Molly there as some kind of chaperone.
"If it's okay with dad," Nisha agrees; hopefully, Tristram thinks. Tristram, guiltily, hopes too. Doctor Watson said that Emily was upset. He should really go home to be with her. Tristram knows that Emily gets anxious when she's separated from her father. But having Doctor Watson go with him would make him feel safer. And he's a doctor; he can probably really help. At least those are the reasons he allows himself to acknowledge.
"Excellent, just direct them round to the service entrance. I think we'd best avoid a scene if at all possible."
"And you'd likely be dead."
"Oh, do piss off, Mycroft," Sherlock muttered from his seat.
Dinner was a simple affair: parsnip soup and fresh bread which Mrs Holmes had picked up from the local bakery when she was out, with clotted cream to pass around. 'The fast before the feast' is how she termed it, although to judge by the amount of pie Sherlock had already consumed, it was more like the feast before the other feast.
Sherlock makes a face as if someone were trying to force him to eat Brussels sprouts. "Smart? He wasn't smart, he was clever. Why smart?"
Sherlock glanced at John then sighed and called after his father, "Don't try bringing it up yourself, Dad. I'll be down in a minute."
John nodded. "'S good," he said again around his next mouthful.
"Then we're all agreed!" The scoundrel rubbed his hands jovially. "You'll go a round or two and when you're done, your gal will be there to yak. I don't mind telling you I'll be interested to see what you fancy."
"Nothing, Sherlock." Damn. John clenched his fist. Not nothing. Everything.
Switzerland isn't what Tristram expected. It looks exactly like London: grey and industrial and cold. And rainy. He thought there would be snow. It's December, and there's snow on the bumps of the Alps on Uncle Mycroft's globe. The tourism magazines from the seat pockets that Emily has been pawing through also promised sunny vistas of snow-covered peaks. He is disappointed. As the aeroplane slowly taxis to the terminal, the rain runs in fat lines down the window. Father, in the seat next to him, is already checking his phone, even though the No Electronics sign hasn't been turned off yet.
"You're gorgeous, fuck, come here," John whispers.
Sherlock stared. "You're joking."
"Good night, John," Sherlock said again before stepping back demonstratively and raising an eyebrow. "You could still change your mind?"
"No."
he was, in the rawest, most basic way; how necessary and right and Sunday dinner and Guy Fawkes Night all in one. On the other hand, John wouldn't want to be with Sherlock any more once he got his confidence back and realised that Sherlock didn't measure up to him at all. Maybe it was better to just keep quiet. Which only cemented Sherlock's point, because he'd rather have John with low self-esteem all for himself than help John feel good about himself as he deserved to.
Sherlock was caught off guard by the queer yet not at all disagreeable sensation the offer elicited in his stomach. It was similar to the feeling he used to get before a recital, the pleasant anticipation of displaying his talents and the expectation of being lauded for them. Similar, but not identical.
"Mr Holmes, come join us, please." John's raised voice drew Sherlock's attention.
Sherlock pulled off long enough to say: "I didn't get to do this last time either," before resuming sucking long strokes up John's cock.
"Nope, no problem," John assured him firmly. "Just wasn't expecting it is all. It's fine." He cleared his throat expectantly. "Was there... You were looking for me just now?"
"It's all arranged. A week from Wednesday, eight o'clock. Relax. Have fun. You drink a little champagne, you listen to a speech, you …" Lestrade waved his hand vaguely. "Whatever it is you do on a night out. And take John." He said the last bit quite casually as he slid behind the wheel, then flashed Sherlock a knowing smile.
"It's time to come downstairs for dinner," he says.
Sherlock's heart swelled again. John. What he wouldn't do for this man. They switched their arms so that John was in the lead position. This time, John's grip on Sherlock's hand was tight and warm, his hand on Sherlock's back a solid, reliable presence. John nudged Sherlock closer until their chests almost touched. He kept his eyes on Sherlock's as the song began, as he steered them through the prescribed steps. Eyes to get lost in. Their eyes had met before, of course, countless times. Countless moments of something deeper, something rising up and threatening to inundate them, to sweep them with it. But they'd always looked away, stemmed the rising tide, fled before the storm. This time they allowed it, let it happen, let the current flow between them, accepted and welcomed it. Lost. And found.
Tristram doesn't, not really. Doctor Watson is a doctor, so that's his name, just like Inspector Lestrade's name is like that because he's a police inspector, and Uncle Mycroft's name is like that because he's Tristram's uncle. But if Doctor Watson doesn't want him to call him that, he won't.
Sherlock slides his hands around until they are resting on John's back, and pulls him closer.
"Mummy does tutoring at the local grammar school," Sherlock reported, licking a jammy smear off his thumb.
When they get to the first igloo with the check-in desk, they find that the restaurant is actually a series of igloos connected by tunnels through the snow, each one serving as a kind of dining room with three or four tables. There are also separate igloos that can be rented overnight, to sleep in, but they're not going to do that.
Thank you to ruth0007 and dioscureantwins for the beta reading.
"Oh, yes, certainly. But it's also a message for me. Clever." His eyes are glittering now with the excitement of a new lead.
John climbed down more carefully behind him. "Are you going too?"
John swallows. He puts his hands on his hips and slowly lifts his eyes to Sherlock. Sherlock is standing there stiff and still, all colour drained from his face.
"You can't just leave!" he blurts out. She can't, not without telling them where Father is! She obviously knows where he went and who he's with; more than John knows, anyway. If she tells them, John can go and get him. He can help him. Why did John come back without him anyway?
"Yeah, I'd worked that out," John grumbled, hitching himself further up. He reached for the box of condoms, which they somehow hadn't managed to knock down, and took one out.
"Christ, Sherlock, I had no idea, I'm so s-"
And then along Sherlock had come, and they'd found a connection. A strong one. There was no denying it now. Maybe John had fought it too, as hard as Sherlock had, and for many of the same reasons. They were both afraid it was too good to be true, that something would rip them apart, and in doing so would rip their hearts out too. The only difference was, John expected the disturbance to come from outside - a bus, a bullet, a transfer order, another lover - while Sherlock had known all along he would be the cause. And the worst part was, Sherlock was going to end up doing it again. Even if he could somehow manage to patch things up here and now, the next metaphorical bus was just around the corner. A social cue missed, a boundary overstepped, a confidence betrayed, a foible exposed.
"Did he ever text back?" Tristram asks. He can see the faint glow of John's phone in his hand as he turns it on.
"Hi, Sherlock, this is quite a surprise," John said cheerfully. "Do you live near here?" His voice was infused with genuine pleasure, and the sound caused a sympathetic thrum of contentment to echo in Sherlock.
Tristram has never seen a murder occur, but he has seen crime scene photos, and he finds himself agreeing with Doctor Watson, at least on the principle. Knowing that someone has died is just words. Seeing the protruding tongue, the glassy eyes, the wet and glistening insides on the outside... that lands in your stomach and pinches your throat. Whether or not it would be disturbing to read about the deaths of Harry Potter's parents is another issue. He doesn't think it would be, for him, but he can see how Doctor Watson might think it would be for Emily. Even if her mother wasn't killed by an evil wizard.
"What, he's a smoker so he's guilty?" Doctor Watson goes over to join him on the couch. Emily follows, curling up against her father.
When their hands are finally numb and the knees and hems of their trousers are soaked through, Doctor Watson takes them to the nearby cafe, which is open now, and buys them each a bun and a hot chocolate. Doctor Watson sets his phone on the table next to him and spends nearly the entire time staring at it balefully, as if he could will it to ring by the sheer force of his gaze. When Tristram and Emily finish their snack, it's still raining, and Emily wants to change her wet socks, so they go back home.
Father has drifted over to stand next to their group, apparently having finished sending his text. "What John is trying and failing miserably to say," he says, "is that whoever we have been dealing with loathes repetition as much as I do. They're not going to try to replicate something they've already done. I would rank the chances of another assassination attempt through a window as vanishingly small. However, you're forgetting the most important point: none of you are targets. Been there, done that. Tristram," Father says, looking at him, "you are safe. As are you, Emily." He nods at her before adding in a long-suffering manner, "Or as safe as one can be in a world populated by incompetent drivers, irresponsible corporations, and irresolute leaders. John is safe as long as he doesn't do anything stupid." Father smirks a bit and blinks down at his phone as it pings. "No," he says in a clipped voice and puts his phone away. "He says not."
The parents' questions had been surprisingly easy to handle, in the event. Things like how much money the children would be paid (none), whether they needed agents (no), when the movie would be released (depended on a lot of factors, John hedged), and when David Beckham was going to be on the set (never, good God, what kind of nonsense did people make up in those funny little brains?). No, the problems began with two parents complaining that their children's particular talents weren't being showcased enough, which quickly degenerated into a game of one-upmanship over whose child was better at singing, dancing, rapping, martial arts, playing a musical instrument, modelling, and just about every sport under the sun. The entire meeting deteriorated to the point that Lestrade ended up sending everyone home with the instruction to direct any further concerns to Sherlock's school e-mail address. Which was a fine solution, in Sherlock's opinion, considering he never looked at that account.
While Sherlock had had partners - for lack of a better word for the dealers, fellow addicts, and deluded romantics he'd let fuck him - who took the time to prepare him, it was always for the purpose of getting their cock inside. No one had ever done it specifically because they thought Sherlock might like it, or simply because they enjoyed touching him. But John was apparently fascinated, his pink tongue protruding just a bit from between his teeth as he watched his finger breaching Sherlock's body, trying different angles and pressure points to find out what made Sherlock tense and what made him squirm and what made him hold his breath and reach for his cock.
Sherlock waved his objection aside. Normally, he would now make a pointed observation about the risers in the mayor's ridiculous boots and the fact that his golfing partner was letting him win, and hint that he would expose his private infidelities (at least two of the women present had definite designs on the man, which would likely dry up once they found out he was also stringing along the city treasurer and a meter maid) if he didn't show himself to be cooperative. However, taking a page out of John's book, he decided this might be a better opportunity for a carrot than a stick.
"Not everything, no. But—" Sherlock winces and John notices that his forehead is shiny with a light sheen of perspiration. All arguments regarding Janine, fake cases, and nursemaids are suddenly forgotten, because Sherlock doesn't need a nursemaid; he needs a doctor.
Their eyes met, and there was that connection again, that sense of having a common purpose, even if they weren't exactly on the same plane, because Sherlock was sure that John was just trying to help without quite understanding why. But that was all right, that was fine, that was more than anyone ever did. And it wasn't a case of John just being some kind of sycophant or assistant; it was the fact that they were better together, that they complemented each other in ways Sherlock had never considered before - and John probably wasn't even aware of.
"Mummy was about to go out--"
Half a carrot
Because he'd observed, on the occasion of Rosamund Watson's first birthday party -- to which he'd been invited with a surprising lack of coercion on the part of their parents -- that John Watson was sleeping in Sherlock's bed. He hadn't even needed to enter the bedroom to come to that conclusion, nor to lay eyes on the upstairs room that John had used to occupy -- and which now most certainly housed only the nursery furnishings whose delivery the surveillance report had detailed a mere two days after their return from Sherrinford. It had been obvious from the condition of John's back, the way his shirt was buttoned, and most mundanely, the fact that he'd repaired hence to change his trousers when Rosamund's nappy had failed in a most unfortunately spectacular manner.
and court dockets, but I hope it will not come as a surprise when I divulge that some minor yet key details were withheld or altered in the publicly available report. I have been persuaded to present here an unabridged version for the archives of the Inferno Club, with the strict understanding that no copies are to be made and that the original will reside in the private collection, to be shared only with those of similar bent and used only for the enlightenment and improvement of that particular portion of the club's membership in those practices which are peculiar to it.
"Yes, understood," Sherlock said quickly. He would agree to anything, any reason John wanted to fabricate for himself. All that mattered was that Sherlock had another chance.
"Well, you've just roundly thrashed my masculinity, called me an anal retentive pisser, accused me of being incapable of maintaining a healthy relationship, and insinuated I'm a man-whore who'll sleep with anything with a pulse. Oh, and have condom, will fuck. On the other hand, full marks on all counts, so well done you."
"Emily's going to see a lady."
Emily's sits up straight, her eyes big. "Did he catch the bogeyman?"
"I apologize for getting carried away," Holmes murmured once we were alone, carefully wiping some excess ointment from my side.
He wasn't used to working with someone. Even back in his days as a musician, he'd preferred solos to ensemble pieces, and not simply because he wanted the attention. He found it draining to engage in give and take or compromise. Negotiation was a waste of time. He'd never found his productivity or creativity enhanced by input from others. Quite the opposite, in fact, he felt stilted and held back. But having John around was different. He felt an impetus to do better, to be better, to do interesting things, things that might garner John's admiration. Was this a weakness? He had always presumed it would be, but he didn't feel weak now. He felt excited and inspired. And having someone to back him up could be advantageous in many ways.
"Watson, yes," came the breathless reply, the hand on my prick unrelenting.
Sherlock had enjoyed the touching and hugging and kissing a lot. Very, very much. Sherlock's body thrummed at the memory. Some parts more than enthusiastically. John had seemed to enjoy it as well. But he'd also been more than a little tipsy. Not that Sherlock thought John would regret any of it, or that he wouldn't have done the same things if he were completely sober. Wouldn't do the same things completely sober. But that might well be all there was. John hadn't been... well, his body hadn't displayed the same reactions in response to the stimulus of them lying pressed together in bed as Sherlock's had. It might have been the alcohol, of course. John had been tired too. And he was older than Sherlock. Not
The first one is funny. Father and Doctor Watson are smashed into the frame, both of their faces distorted with laughter. Father's eyes are half-closed, and Doctor Watson's mouth is open so far you can see his tongue. A laugh bubbles up in Tristram too. They look silly, but he can also tell they are having fun.
"I'll need to practise. It's been a long time," John says.
Lestrade ruffled his hair sheepishly as he reached for the microphone. "Wow. Good evening. Thank you, thanks everyone, Mayor, it's - Well, I don't really think I deserve all this, but I'll accept it on behalf of everyone who worked to get us here tonight. We're used to the school hall, we don't have all this …" He gestured around the square. "-around us, normally, for the play. And the mums and dads who've been before to see our Nativity play know that," he said with a lopsided smile, "you know, things can go a little bit wrong with the little ones, so don't ex-"
"Yeah, I'm right here," John answers softly. Their hands are still clasped.
Doctor Watson looks down at her and explains patiently, "I'll be right downstairs, and you'll see me in twenty minutes when you come down for lunch." He smiles, although Tristram can tell it's strained. "Maybe you and Tris can play a game or look at a book until then."
"Daily Telegraph." Moran squeezed his hand more firmly than could be considered socially acceptable before dropping it.
Is that why he signed Tristram's cast with his first name? Tristram glances down at the cast, but Doctor Watson - John - is holding his arm so that only Emily's and Father's messages to him are visible. 'Love, Emily', it says. Father didn't write his name. But Tristram knows his handwriting, and he knows who it's from anyway.
"So?" She presses one ear to the door.
Sherlock didn't fail to hear the plural possessive. Part of him wanted to correct it, since it was still
John and Sherlock were sitting in front of Lestrade's desk with him looming over them, his hands on his hips and his suit rumpled beyond all repair. John was in even worse shape, but he didn't seem unhappy about it at all.
Would he be living in London, or would he have moved someplace like this, out in the country? Perhaps even to this very house, presuming he inherited it. Would he turn his father's workshop out in the shed into a laboratory? He could keep all his noxious fumes and body parts out there, and John would finally be able to enjoy a cup of tea without wondering whether the kettle had been used to store pig placentas.
Sherlock rather agreed. And the way John's breath had warmed his neck and the crinkles around John's eyes had betrayed his not-so-secret amusement were their own rewards.
"Sherlock, I thought we... We can't afford a distraction. Not now." John leans into Sherlock's touch, belying his words.
Sender: John
Tristram does remember. Emily's father used to have a limp and walk with a cane. But he hasn't used it in months now. Tristram has wondered from time to time how his leg suddenly got better.
"Well, maybe it's time for us to be heading back then," John suggests. "Maybe they decided not to pursue it after losing both Moran and Tonga."
"Of course you are, only I thought I was meant to be helping you. You have all of your regular lessons to prepare. My mum was a teacher, so I know there's a lot more work to it that what shows up in here, and Greg said you didn't exactly volunteer for this, so-"
"Abflug," Emily says to Tristram, grinning like it's a joke. It does sound funny. Tristram smiles too.
"If I were to worry every time that door opens in the dead of night, I'd worry myself into an early grave," she assures him. "But now, you didn't tell me you had a gentleman friend," she teases him. "You sly man. And with a little girl too, that will be good for Tristram."
The three of them trail back to the ticket window, where Father is purchasing their rail passes. They hang back a bit so as not to be in the way of the other passengers. Tristram feels a lump of sadness in his stomach, which is ridiculous. Everything is fine. Doctor Watson puts his hand on Tristram's shoulder and squeezes it gently. It's probably meant to be reassuring. Tristram wants to lean into it, to lean against Doctor Watson and let himself be reassured, but that would be like saying it's really okay with him that he and Father were kissing. So he doesn't. Tristram looks down, turning his arm around so he can see what's written on the other side of his cast. 'You are incredibly brave. Thank you. -John'. Tristram feels anything other than brave at the moment. He turns his arm back around so the message is hidden again.
"If you do, maybe we can play ping-pong!"
Message: Looks like I missed you, Will. Shame. Let me know if you'll have another chance before the wedding. Otherwise maybe we can talk then. -Vee
John caught himself right there. The uncrossed line. Bad luck to even think about things like that. Especially in the context of sharing this room, sleeping beside each other, spending Christmas together like a real family.
When he finally returned late that night, he saw from outside that the lights in the flat were on. John was home. He steeled himself.
"Yeah, might do."
I have been reliably informed that children in the UK are not held back in school due to absences, so Emily and Tristram would have nothing to worry about.
250g pack unsalted butter, softened, plus extra for greasing
"Is anything wrong?" he asks.
Thank you as ever to ruth0007 and dioscureantwins for love and beta reading!
"All right, here's the deal," he says. His tone of voice says he doesn't want any trouble from them. "We're going to have a bit of a parent-child day today. Tris, you and your dad are going to spend the day together, and you and I," he says, turning to Emily, "are going to find something for just the two of us to do."
"I did?" John laughed (lovely sound). "God, I don't remember, I probably would have said anything-" He stopped when he realised what that sounded like. "Not like that," he quickly backtracked. "I didn't mean-"
"It's not as if I'm going to go to Magnussen with it."
"Oh. Right," Lestrade says awkwardly. "Well, that's good, right?" he says, trying to sound upbeat. "I mean if he's feeling up to going back to work?"
"Am I also going to see a lady?" he asks.
"He'll be back," Tristram says, finding that he wants to assure him. He doesn't like the way Doctor Watson went from laughing to frowning so fast, and he especially doesn't like that it seems to be because of Father. Father always, always comes back. It's just that he doesn't like to be cooped up inside for long when he doesn't have something to occupy him. The prospect of being shut up in the bedroom from now until morning is probably daunting for him. Even with Doctor Watson in there with him. It's not as if he could actually sleep for ten hours. There's not even a telly. Maybe they'll switch beds back again tomorrow. At least out here there's a table where he can sit and work, and the fridge and coffee maker and sink if he wants a drink. And if Father and Doctor Watson really want some privacy so they can kiss, they could just go in the bedroom for a few minutes while Emily and Tristram watch telly or something, and then come out when they're done. There's no need for them to be alone for hours and hours.
"It looks delicious," John assured Mrs Holmes as he put on the oven mitts to pick up the hot pan. "Where's Bill?"
her if it was okay? When did this happen? Why did no one tell Tristram? Although, he allows, maybe Doctor Watson was kind of asking if it was okay when he came to Tristram's room the other night to make sure he wasn't uncomfortable about himself and Emily being there. And Tristram had already seen them kissing by then, which Doctor Watson knew, so it would have been rather pointless for him to tell Tristram about it.
"It's... I needed information."
Tristram's not sure what that means at first. It takes him a while to match up 'she' with 'Irene/Godfreya', and that in turn with 'mother'. His mother. His mother is alive and wants to meet him.
Tristram hesitates. He doesn't have a particular use for it in mind. And he doesn't want to tell the story about his father and the door knocker; it seems silly somehow. "It could be useful," he hedges. "For... looking at scratches. In brass fittings." It sounds even worse out loud.
To judge by the enthusiasm which he devoted to his task, it looked as if he were enjoying the journey, at least.
"Now was that ridiculous?" John speaks the words into Sherlock's bare chest, his lips brushing the damp sheen there. Just centimetres away, on the other side of muscle and bone, Sherlock's heart is slowly returning to its resting state.
Sherlock couldn't do anything but nod because he didn't have any words. He wasn't even sure what was bothering John more, the thing with his bank account or the fact that they'd taken the kids without permission or being fired or something else altogether. Then, realising that John wasn't actually looking at him - hadn't looked at him since he'd set the phone down - he said, as calmly as he could manage, "Yes, all right."
"So what are we doing for Christmas?"
He withdrew abruptly, leaving a cool emptiness behind that ached to be filled with his presence once more. Instead, he now came to stand in front of me, his legs spread on either side of my knees, and resumed rubbing the chestnut husk over my neck, my shoulders, my arms, and my chest. The constantly changing pressure and position left me tingling and gasping, half from the stimulation and half from the excitement of him pressing his attack. I watched his face, enthralled, as he carried out this exercise, fascinated by the way his eyes darkened and his nostrils flared in response to the hitches of my breath, the involuntary twitches of my body, the flush and tightening of my skin which his ministrations left in their wake.
"I don't know. I'll ask." His father has lots of chemicals that he keeps in a locked cabinet in the kitchen. Maybe he has some plutonium in there and wouldn't mind if they borrowed a bit.
John smiles at him ruefully. "I know you don't like repetition."
There was a convenience store up ahead that was still open. Alcohol might make things easier, whichever direction things took.
"For Emily, yes. She and I both saw a grief counselor when Mary... when she was killed." John's jaw tightens for a moment, the corners of his mouth turned down. "It helped, I think. But this... It's brought everything back. She's worried about everything, constantly asking where I am, what I'm doing. She had a minor panic attack during school on Monday and wouldn't calm down until her teacher called me at work and let her talk to me. What about Tris?"
There are several toboggan runs in Switzerland like the one described here. I didn't have a particular one in mind, but here is a video of one:
"Why put me in charge of the play then? You can't really mean for me to do it. Is this some sort of punishment to try and keep me in line?" Sherlock asked, genuinely curious as to how that would work.
The horrible suspicion had already begun to form in my gut that the two of us would be expected to undergo a similar ordeal when Holmes replied, "That was no initiation, Watson. That was the main event. It is for this purpose that the club was founded, and that its members gather."
Sherlock reaches into the inside pocket of his jacket and takes out the memory stick they'd given to Moriarty. He waggles it at John.
"I don't think that's quite the reason," Doctor Watson says with a wry smile. He's sitting on the end of the couch bed, which is now all set up. It's also a double, although not as wide as the bed in the bedroom. "I think it's more that back when they were first wiring houses for electricity and inventing things that needed to be plugged in, no one thought they might want to take their lamps and toasters with them on holiday. So everyone invented their own ..." Doctor Watson stops. Father is leaning back in his chair watching him with an amused expression. Doctor Watson grins, first at him, then at Tristram. "Your dad's right, Tris. It's because people are idiots."
"We'll be the ruin of each other," John countered.
"I was down on the floor, there was no way you could have hit me!" Sherlock protests.
Mix your cheese and spices. I used several pinches of dried parsley and a couple pinches each of oregano and red pepper flakes with a few grinds of black pepper.
John takes his phone out of his pocket and checks the screen. The corners of his mouth pull down. "It's Irene."
"Mummy's estate," Mycroft explains. "Our mother," he adds, for John's benefit. "It's in Wales, quite isolated. Which will work both ways, of course. May be difficult to get backup in, but it will also be extremely difficult to approach without advance warning. It's not the worst idea," he says to Sherlock. "Although staying here might-"
Once he was satisfied that he had everyone's attention, Moriarty began: "Ladies and gentlemen; poor, deluded people," he said, shaking his head in mock pity. "I'm here to tell you that this, right here, tonight, is a LIE!" Several people flinched at the sudden outburst, and a low murmur began to run through the crowd. "You came here tonight because you thought they were making a movie. That's the only reason you're here, to rub shoulders with those Hollywood types, maybe see a celebrity or two, not to be subjected this substandard, cheese fest." He made a sweeping gesture meant to encompass the stage and everyone on or behind it. "Well, it falls upon me to tell you that no one is coming from any movie studios. No one is coming, and nobody will. That man-" He turned and pointed at Sherlock. "-is a sham. As if anyone would actually be interested in anything he came up with. Look at him. He's a failure, a nothing."
John shook his head, as if he couldn't believe he was agreeing to this. "Right then, let's do it."
"Oh, the grand old Duke of York, he had ten thousand men," John chimes in, slightly off-key, pretending it's very serious business.
John stood up. Sherlock resisted the urge to reach out and steady him. They moved out into the dancing area, Sherlock in front, John behind, not looking at each other.
He stops a few steps inside the entryway, the energy thrumming off him. He has heavy stubble on his cheeks and his eyes are bloodshot yet bright.
Her heart was beating frantically in her throat, a crazy mix of anticipation, excitement, and fear. Was this what John felt when he was in the thick of things with Sherlock? He'd tried more than once to explain to her what he found so irresistible about going for days without proper sleep or a solid meal, rooting around in garbage bins, leaping into the Thames in the dead of winter (or the summer, for that matter, it's not like it was particularly appealing in any season), being run down, beat up, kidnapped, and shot at. The best he could come up with was that it made him feel alive - which she knew must be an exaggeration, because it wasn't as if he were insensate the rest of the time. But right now, the fight-or-flight instinct kicking in, she thought that maybe he was talking about being confronted with his own mortality, the possibility of death or at least the end of life as he knew it. It did give a new perspective, brought everything into much sharper focus. Not that this was a life-or-death situation, but it certainly could end badly.
After they'd finished eating and were waiting for their coffee to be brought, John excused himself to visit the loo. The look Sherlock cast after him, just briefly - with a softness he rarely allowed to show - combined with the lusty thoughts that had been simmering in her all throughout dinner and a kind of sense that holidays existed in another dimension, all coalesced into the maddest, absolutely the most insane idea she'd ever had. And then the alcohol made her say it out loud. At least that was the only way she could explain it to herself later.
lucky the kids thought they were just rehearsing a scene for the play. Although it would be the first Nativity to feature a school yard rumble," he added under his breath.
"Yes," he says. His voice comes out too low and he has to clear his throat before continuing. "What you said. What you want. That's what I want too."
"Yeah, but the thing is I don't want another flatmate." He put his hand on Sherlock's shoulder and leaned in to say in his ear: "You've pretty much spoiled me for anyone else." Definitely something in the cider. Sherlock looked up at him. Startled. Those damn eyes. What was going on behind them? His hair, his mouth. God, he needed to go to bed. Eyes shut and brain off. He squeezed Sherlock's shoulder and walked away before he could say or do anything else. It was going to be an interesting night.
Sherlock was impressed, and that was saying something. Not that getting the attention of a bunch of children was that spectacular an achievement, but it wasn't often that Sherlock acknowledged that someone was able to do something better than he was. At least not something relevant. He didn't have any problem admitting that the philosophy student at Speedy's prepared coffee better than he did. He didn't care to devote the time to developing his skills in that direction, not when it was much easier and more convenient to purchase his morning fix instead. But the point was that he could, if so inclined. He knew, from five years of experience teaching years one through three, that he was not capable of bringing them into line without threats or losing his temper, much less whilst simultaneously commanding both their respect and admiration. John was able to do all of that in a few seconds, and it seemed to be second nature to him. Remarkable.
"What? Nothing, I..." He licked his lips, buying time, not moving but not taking his eyes off Sherlock for a second.
Sherlock watches his back, letting his eye wander down his legs and back up. When John straightens up again and turns around, Sherlock's eyes snap back to his face. John doesn't appear to notice.
Doctor Watson looks up from the computer. "Yeah, Em, what is it?" he says softly.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and pushed the quiz remote over to John, who carefully (motor skills slightly impaired) pushed 'A'.
&&&&&&
When they sat down to eat, then, Sherlock was feeling quite nostalgic and tender and so it hit him like a bucket of cold water in the face when John brought up the very topic Sherlock had spent all afternoon (all week, in fact) avoiding.
