Silence first, though, as I stopped his mouth and my own by their joining. A first kiss, soft, thrilling. A second, deeper, satisfying. The third, the spark of tinder. Four, kindling the hunger that burns. Kisses beyond counting, leaping flames in the hearth.
“Holmes. What is it?”
He shook himself, as if recovering from a daydream.
“Mmm.”
“You did the work. Without even…”
We both knew precisely what.
“Utterly? What if he asked you to kneel to service him, if it was his cock and your lips, his fingers in you?”
"Now sir, there's really no call for that." He wagged his finger under my nose. "I wasn't born yesterday."
A diamond cuts the hardest stone, yet a hammer blow will shatter it. As I sat by the window contemplating the ruin of my hopes, Holmes, who surely knew all of it, down to how many months it would take me to repay my debts and all the economies I must make to do it, said nothing. I thought that I understood. What was there to say in the face of such credulity? Had it been a client, pieces of his skin would have been clinging to the lampshades.  I had no better excuse. Well, if I was worth nothing without Sherlock Holmes, I ought at least to admit it.
"I did, all save they what’s here already. They’ll be sent out as by your instructions once they’re all done with."
is settled."
"Those were your goodbyes, then? I had not known you had so many…friends. And one a woman, of all creatures."
TO: Mr Sherlock Holmes, 221b Baker Street, W1
She glanced over at the untidy nest of newspapers on which sat, like broken eggs, our empty teacups.
"Or of our sort and not shy about it," said Holmes. The young clarinettist in the third chair seemed to lend weight to his case, giving us both something of the same, broad, rather conniving wink as the zookeeper. I could not help but sense some connection. Yet beyond Holmes’ not unreasonable suggestion – for it was true, the fellowship of inverts, into which I had plunged since becoming Holmes’ more than intimate friend, shared such greetings and signals constantly under the nose of the common herd – I could not put my finger on it.
Ah, John.
He twisted underneath me and was free, crouching on the Turkey rug, my wrist still trapped in his grip, the tip of the scalpel put to his throat as he stared, smiling like a tiger, up into my startled face.
We had been running down a hundred alleyways south of the river all afternoon, pursuing a gang of Rotherhithe coiners. By the time they were twisting and swearing in official hands, I was not the only one limping. A cab ride home eased me, but Holmes continued to frown and fuss under his breath even after we arrived at our rooms.
“Perhaps it is only that she doubts you
“Very droll. I mean that I can bear any injury save to my feet. Put it down to the same quirk of nervous arrangement that gave me perfect pitch, or the ability to spot a false banknote at sight.”
Therefore, it was all nonsense. It was, and the fact that the image of thousands of silent confidants kept knocking on the door of my brain attic, begging admission, whispering
He opened one eye. The corner of his mouth on the same side turned up.
"There it is, John. There’s my courage."
The great procession of the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee had come and gone. Old Tom followed behind, gathering up the leavings with brush and cart just as he had even before Holmes and I had come to Baker Street. He never grew older, so far as one could tell, only ever more silent, until the day he did not come out at dusk and we knew he had no more to say to anyone.
He looked very near to offended. "Have I ever given you cause to think otherwise?"
“Nor shall you, I can assure you. Wait for me.  Thank you. Um, it’s getting rather hot in here, I must say.”
"Am I wrong? We were not visiting your stage dressing rooms?"
He looked at me as if I had not been beaten enough as a child.
"His youngest brother. But well done, dear fellow. You have noticed the end of a thread: follow it! Speaking of threads," went on Holmes, "I have made an appointment tomorrow morning with Mr Davies at Sackville Street. You might want to come along as well."
, and, so I understand, sexual deviance of the filthiest sort. Can he be persuaded to turn Queen’s evidence against himself and his accomplice?”
“Drat.”
Now he was worrying me.  On the journey back he was quiet but keen-eyed, crouching forward in his seat and turning his head this way and that, searching the streets about us. He had shed the breezy confidence of the morning. I tried to jolly him, saying that he knew better by now than to expect me to match him. I even dared a hand on his knee, under the blanket. It never failed to make him smile – sun from shadow.
“You cannot say anything to me that I have not already accused myself of, but…”
"Address at time of marriage, Canonbury Grove," I finished.
Before he had finished speaking I was there, crouching over him my head between his splayed thighs, both of us head to end, the coverlet thrown around my shoulders, my tongue sounding him, bitter and sweet, my balls cradled by two slick fingers greased from heaven knew where he had magicked up something better than spit.
“Could be love.”
Appearances deceive. That is, one might say, their chief function. Consider nature: how the hoverfly mimics the stripes of the wasp - prey masquerading as predator.  We are told in the nursery "do not judge a book by its cover" and, learning to read, may, if we so choose, put that into practice. But we - even I, despite my friend Watson's teasing both myself and his readers to the contrary - cannot read the human mind.
“Shortly, Doctor,” came the reply through the wood.
“Please. If I get to choose who goes first.”
A lump formed in my throat that was hard to speak around, yet I must.
Our former client was all eagerness to help us in return, to refrain from asking unnecessary questions even as we had given him room to speak his necessary answers. He did not know our quarry himself, but one of his older colleagues had at least heard of William Brace. He was 'on the up', as they say, courting illustrious clients of his own. There was a little more curiosity there – what need had Sherlock Holmes to do with him? – but not so much as to get in my way.
And, as we are not mincing words, I loved him for his direction. There is no shame, only wisdom, in bowing to greatness or to greater knowledge, only so long as it is earned and put to proper use.  I did not care to know, and have never since asked, where he had learned to enjoy a partner’s complete submission while he held them gently and completely still by the back of the neck and thrust quick and shallow between their lips.
“Mary, fetch me my Index, if you will. I believe this is the third occasion we have come across the Farandola gang this year. We must memorise their faces until we can penetrate the heaviest disguise their leaders can muster.”
Kitty probably could not help that her gaze flitted over my own ravaged hairline as she said: "Sometimes men come here, too. We don't do for them – there's other places that specialise. Still, I can't think of any that seemed even a mite put out with us, if that's the direction you're headed."
In most respects, I daresay that is just as well. What a nightmare to be privy to the torrent of triviality that, judged from their speech, bathes the brain of the vast majority. What need, too, of detectives? My meat and drink has been deception, dishonesty, false pride and hypocrisy, and the crop of all of them shows no sign of failure.
. They're stories. Very popular, very exciting, I'm sure, yes, very well done, but this is the twentieth century. Besides all that, independent detectives aren't needed nowadays. What we in the Force call 'scientific policing' - started right here in London, sir - is the way forward. No doubt of it. Allow me to say…"
Holmes, who had been known to make a choice statement or two of his own about educated women, and handled money with as little attention as he could possibly manage, could still be moved by this appeal – to be allowed to be different, as his fame allowed him to be.
My insides clenched like a mailed fist. I glanced toward the lurking livery standing by the door; he nodded once. Our exalted guest lifted her veil.
Everyone knew where to find Mr Sherlock Holmes. I should lay short odds, nevertheless, that at that particular hour, on that particular day, they might have been surprised to find
She glanced at me, standing by the tea things and, like her, waiting on genius.
: but never the enormous burden Mrs Hudson brought in on the biggest tray in the house. It was a large, round dish, wrapped in several layers of butter muslin. As she closed the door skilfully with one hip I thought I heard the clatter of a spoon.
"Tell me, Watson," asked Holmes, leaving off his manicure and lighting a cigarette, "what would you say are the essentials for a happy retirement?"
So far, so unexceptional. I wondered how long that had sat there, drying, before he went on to the next part, before he meandered around the bend in the knot and tied himself in its coils.
"The finest hashish this side of the Bosphorus. The cooling room is upstairs, well away from the furnaces, and contains a specimen of the tiler's art unique in size and scope, incorporating oriental abstract forms in the border and a classical subject in the central panel."
A sallow-faced man with a neat but full black beard, wearing a suit cut in the fashion of an Indian clerk and swathed in a shawl big enough for an elephant, peered at me through pebble glasses from underneath the brim of a deep umbrella. His voice was soft, his words a little accented but perfectly clear.
damnably close and hot, that particular August day) or – one must state plain facts – downright tetchy.
He had put his hand between my thighs and fondled me with dextrous delicacy, buckling my knees and bucking my hips towards him.
“Quite so. I can tell the precise speed and depth of thrust offered as active partner by the roll of a walking man’s hips. If he picks up his pace only when he has gone by, then relaxes it again, I might expect a slow start, build to a crescendo, luxuriate in sensation for a few shallow dips of the wick then a good, hard, rousing finish rounded off with a low groan.”
"My friend here believes you to be a monster, preying on innocent women," I said.
“More…personal offers have disturbed our peace. We do not mingle, you must understand: do not dine out save at the houses of one or two intimate friends; do not receive guests from the neighbourhood, do not go to church. An offer of marriage from a gentleman one has never met, and whose real motives must be plain merely from his address, is a positive insult. It is not the only such insult I have had; the latest, only last week.”
I made several precise cuts into the last of a hot game pie to render it into digestible morsels, giving the action all my attention as I spoke.
drone that is presently settled on my windowsill. By the time of that journey I had been doing it in a variety of other private places for years.
I was beginning to have sympathy for any cab so unlucky.  By the time Holmes realised the source of the panting gusts of air at his elbow and slackened the pace, I was looking vainly around for wheeled transport of our – or at least my – own. Instead he led on, through the Clarence Gate into Regents Park, past the low, white Lodge and into green, spacious lawns cut about with paths and buzzing with nursemaids, perambulators and their contents – a representative selection of whom I had probably assisted into the world. Writing has made me a more than modest living, but medicine remains my life’s vocation. Back then, I should have held it as an article of faith that detection supplied Holmes with both. I know better now.
"If I'm to be honest, I
No. You wrote it, my friend, my spouse: you must own it. I cleared my throat and began again.
“While to the contrary,
“In your dressing-gown pocket,” I replied, not looking up – or, rather, down, for my beloved was evidently crawling about the floor like a giant praying mantis.
“My father thought the study of the Classics the only fit occupation for a gentleman, Victor. Science? Science smacked too much of the mechanic. He sent me up to Cambridge without the least idea what was really in my head.”
“I would like to hear her impression of the trials you told me about,” said Holmes. As if she had never entertained the idea, as if it was not the most natural thing to expect, Miss Heacham turned on him with firm purpose.
“Insufferable. You…”
Sense there was. Delighted sense, greedy and feasting: but if that was all, I should not sing of it. The flesh is weak in comparison to the spirit, the mind – even, I admit it, the heart. Loyalty and love, the running of years together, the touches that pierce the skin like a tattoo needle, and settling deep in our bones – this is taste, this is savour.
"Sherlock Holmes isn't
We were heading north still, on the Outer Circle past the lake glistening in the late summer haze, towards the Zoological Gardens, when Holmes suddenly darted into the bushes. The greenery was only roughly trimmed in that spot and hidden in the midst of the thicket was evidently a gardeners’ store, hiding away the evidence of essential manual labour from the affronted notice of the leisured classes. When he emerged a scant moment later, humming in a satisfied sort of way, I asked him what hut on earth was worth such close inspection but so brief a visit, and once again where were we headed and was it on a case? At breakfast he had received exactly one piece of post, hand delivered, type-written on thick business notepaper with a printed header I had not been able to read through from the reverse – despite honing the skill of so doing over twenty and some years.
“Ha! Another pattern drawn over the print; so near in shade that it is easily missed. Drawn in poison, judging by the fourth and fifth test, see… here. Only wipe a cloth over it – a pillowcase, a nightgown – and contact with the skin brings slow and certain death from failure of the vital organs.  Slow, certain and cruel.”
******************************************************************
that at some point you yourself wish to show off your own body in turn.”
He unbuttoned me, divided my smallclothes and drew me out, playing supple grip and twist games one-handed as once I did, as once I daresay did he, in those days, those years before. The blade he kept ever at his own throat, even when I sank to my knees, terrified that I might hurt him but utterly unable to stay standing. His eyes were grey stars in the hour before dawn and his gaze held me with that same strength as his fingers did.
“You possess a copy of Miss Davies'
The postmistress, about to put up the shutters for the day, told me all about it – all about the real owner of Low Hall, the son of old Mr Heacham’s deceased elder brother and an Indian lady, “of the highest rank in those parts, practically a princess”, come to claim his property in England. To think, she said, that all this time we never knew. The misses Heacham had welcomed him, to their great credit, and it was thought he would continue to let them live there, having occupation in the law and desiring to live in London. Probably just as well, not many of his sort in Bedfordshire to be had, he’d feel out of place. And he was in correspondence with Mr Sherlock Holmes! He’d sent Mr Holmes ahead no doubt, to check that all was in order, well, you had to wonder why a famous detective had come here, it’s not as if we go in much for
I let my face reprove him in place of strong words. Words bounced off him as raindrops on a pavement when he was like this – wanting aid but too proud to ask except with a barb on the hook. I have often used the sitting room as a makeshift surgery. Mrs Hudson, with that unfailing instinct for our needs which made her the queen of landladies, had already had the little maid Betty build and light a fire ready for our return and hang our dressing gowns on an airer before it.
"You really supposed they were going to tell you?" wondered Watson. "Imagine it were your most intimate secrets, probed by strangers, in however worthy a cause. Surely you would – for decency's sake
“Your own
places? Clothes maketh man…
I had heard of him; my housekeeper swore by the parsonage honey as a cure-all for all kinds of minor ills. Nevertheless, I had come up to inspect the frames, and saw no reason to stop on his account. From a safe distance he watched me lift the top off the first hive and apply the smoker. A few bees, not sufficiently overcome, floated up in his direction and circled his head once or twice before drifting purposefully into the pasture beyond. I thought to bid him take care but his attention was no longer on me but on the insects, not out of any kind of fear but rather, intense concentration. He murmured something I couldn’t catch.
He was oddly pale for a man who had survived far worse with only a snarl and a shrug. The way he put away a glassful of French cognac surprised me too. I started to doubt my diagnosis.
‘Trinket’ was not quite how I should have referred to a platinum tiepin containing the most flawless emerald I had ever seen but then, one is apt to measure expectation against experience and this
“I must present your fascinating theory to our friends at Scotland Yard. They can make themselves busy investigating the whole of the Houses of Commons and Lords. They make the laws; they must put down on paper all manner of crime and wickedness, even naming it daily in their speeches. How can they not have been tempted to commit the same? Surely some have fallen.”
“Yes.” She flushed, angry yet refusing to be humiliated. “Oh, they want the land. Certainly they do. Demand for building materials remains high as the population, in enthusiastic defiance of Mr Malthus, continues to grow. They want the land and the clay underneath it, and would pay for it if they cannot get it by other means. Yet if it were only a matter of money. Money can, given time, economy and toil, be recovered. If it were simply about the gossip, the sneers, well: pride is a snare and reputation a fiction written on sand. I do not care for novels. What is intolerable is that they will not
“And if I were judge and you were jury?”
"No, Mr Holmes, I don't believe I shall," said Miss Kitty Winter, the sparkle of success making her bold. She and her patroness – and friend - had made the journey together to Canonbury and spent an entire afternoon with Mrs Brace. What transpired there I was indeed never told, save for arch hints at the secrets of womankind that I could not hope to unravel, for all my airs. I did gather that something about the both of them going together, they who had saved each other in their own hour of need, had swayed her. At any rate, the attacks stopped. Inspector Portmore gained the credit and Constable Butterworth a promotion. Officers come and go, but the ways of the Metropolitan Police stay precisely the same.
“They are friends, yes. Friends of a…very particular kind.”
Yet even such a gross reprobate has his limits.
"Do you not think that the sulphur cockatoo there bears a distinct resemblance to Chief Inspector Pearson?" was the only response. I had to admit, privately, that the way it pecked at a cuttlefish bone in angry stabs, hopping about and making a great deal of noise, an untidy crest of improbable yellow peaking on its head, had a familiar feel. For a minute or two Holmes lingered, his attention divided between bird and keeper, surely contriving to retain every last detail of both. Then with an airy wave he turned away. The keeper winked at us both and went back to his sweeping.
There it was, in the corner, only visible if one looked for it.
I could hardly believe this was happening. It was a stage play come to life, and my scripted line must be:
"John…"
A steam laundry, as it turned out, was our destination.
and I care not one whit if it was closed or open this time. This is not the first time you have left that cigarette case lying about with heaven knows what dangerous evidence inside it. What with all your papers piled up and the magnifier in line with the window, you were lucky I was passing and smelled smoke before the whole lot went up. As for this,” she tapped the side of the pot and it rang obediently, “there was a crack half an inch wide in the old one where
“The grass is nothing, Mr Holmes. The wall is everything. We have endured men perched in trees, men on ladders with theodolites, men with binoculars, men applying for work who say that other men sent them. Every pretext to cover spying out the land...”
." I announced. "To Somerset House, Watson. Afterwards a light lunch at Simpson's, then to our quarry!"
It would be, no doubt, but she had brought her trouble to Sherlock Homes, and she had perforce to trust him.
He searched my face, to see if I took his meaning, and what I might make of it if I did. I am, it is true, sometimes slow on the uptake. He tried again, stressing his words with a lift of his expressive brows.
I had not been in a position to confirm this or not. Wishing, as I did, to be in such a position the following morning, I held back from so much as hinting that he might be mistaken. Domestic harmony is worth a little restraint, and clean linen was, thanks to the estimable Mrs Hudson, easily re-stocked.
This was not quite the reception his best parlour trick usually had.
"But there is no cure. Am I right, Dr Watson?"
“Capable? Indeed. However, double meanings, like double pleasures, are so much more delicious, don’t you agree?”
As hay to a fish.
It is a sign of the singular characteristics peculiar to my companion Sherlock Holmes that certain words, and even more so certain...mental scenes, have a power to interest him - to stimulate him - to an extraordinary pitch.
“Consider that Miss Anne reads
I knew what he was asking, and when I took down my copy of the Medical Register to see what practice in Eastbourne I might be able to buy into, so too he had my answer.
"Pretence: the very word. Why would you say I continue in my line of work, if not as a profession? Art for art's sake? Justice? Success?"
"An invert. And a policeman. A rather good one, well-liked by his men and able to follow a train of deductive reasoning without too much prompting. We have mutual interests. "
The good doctor agreed he had sometimes seen it – tragedy enough for a man; calamity for a woman. The poor had no choice but to wrap up in a headscarf and brave it out. Miss Pearsall, judging from her account, had been able to take another path. She recurred here and there in the ledger, making changes, consulting on suitable hats and…there. A hairpiece for her wedding day, strong enough to hold a veil of five yards of Honiton lace.
Attack as my defence, with my tongue teasing his bottom lip and a hard, squeezed handful of buttock making him start, he faltered and let go for the barest instant. In the next, I had rolled on top of him, pinning arms and legs spread-eagled, ruddy against white linens, struggling without conviction against my greater strength.
It did not take a man very much quicker on the uptake than the Watson of the stories to understand him. And it did not take me, the lover of Sherlock Holmes in all his infinite variety, any time at all. He might be lame in one foot, but nature gave him two, and me two hands… and a mouth.
“The boiler must be stoked regularly. Heartily. Two or three times a week at least.”
“Always.”
He nodded, with a beatific smile that was, somehow, not at all insane or idiotic.
"There is jumping to conclusions, Watson, and then there is being shot out of a circus cannon toward conclusions. What you are here to learn is the sumptuous variety of pleasure two men can share who are inclined to each other and have shed their preconceptions along with their clothing. And you will do it without needing to see a single inch more of bare skin than any of the gentlemen here have on display whilst walking the corridors. Take, for example, the Post Office clerk coming towards us. From the way his towel is draped, he is looking to be fellated at the same time as he gives the same service. One fold of the cloth is hanging free at precisely sixty nine degrees from the vertical. A carefully arranged dressing gown sleeve could convey the same desire.”
“Only the latest of so many acts of patriotism and chivalry. You are a knight in your heart, Mr Holmes, with the modesty that values deeds above recognition. You must forgive the hasty sketch – we were obliged to work chiefly from a photograph.”
"Not those, no."
He turned so I would not see his face, but after all these years, I knew a little of observation and deduction. Uncertainty, hesitation, fear, fell away as he spread his coat across the fireguard and sat in the chair opposite me, contentedly filling his pipe and affecting a nonchalant air. All would be well.
So, I married my lost heiress. Holmes cast his aspersions on that, and any, marriage, came to the wedding, threw rice with devastating accuracy and spent the reception competing with the two fresh-faced young constables who patrolled Baker Street to come up with the queerest crime they had each ever investigated. From their red faces I imagined he had trumped them with the story of Henry King, otherwise the Queen of Tarts, who was arrested and served two years' hard labour for offences committed at a pastry shop in Cock Lane whilst… well, I believe the Daily Telegraph carried an expurgated version.
“Pardon me, sahib. Could you direct me toward the lower hall of Ar-less-ee?”
"Don't tell me he believes you would expose him if he ever tried to do the same to you?"
“No, Watson. John. I want…Pain and pleasure run along the same courses. ‘Nervous arrangements’ have it so, do they not?”
“Damn it, Watson, you’ll give a man a seizure. Look here… er, I’ve a favour to ask.”
Dawn spends a great deal of time and energy creeping about making ready to enlighten the world. First birdsong in the darkest hours, mist and grey shadows streaked with red, the shape of the plane tree in our yard distinguished more and more and then – nature strikes no clock, though man has tried to pin down sunrise to the minute, but morning comes and none can deny it.
We were back at Baker Street, toasting the conclusion of the case with as much fine brandy as would serve to dampen the call of 'Norbury'. It was not that I was ungrateful for the reminder – I was truly, infinitely obliged to him. Truth may be unwelcome but be truth nonetheless. For I had come to see, a realisation of months now, that it had all become a performance, a feat of keeping up appearances. That I was not the man I had been; that more and more I jumped from clue to conclusion without the chain of reasoning being tested for strength first. I was starting to resemble the work of fiction that Butterworth thought I was.
Yet I knew the meaning of his glance, of the beckoning hand bringing me to his side. I knew he wanted those soft passions, wanted his judgement to be overturned – for who would dare, in this England of ours, to act as he did if his judgement were sound?
“You want to know about friendship, do you?”
“Not at all. Yet you do wish this miracle of the clamp to take place elsewhere than on your own property.”
“I was an only child of elderly parents who spent most of the year in India. Individuality is the mark of man; loneliness is his curse.  The voice of the bees, since I first heard it and was first chastised for saying so, and the consciousness of their society were the greatest solace to me as a solitary child, and continues now, as a bachelor who grows old alone. It may prove so to you.”
He said it again now, stuggling into the sleeves of a bottle green evening gown. Heaven knew where he’d found the costume and how he’d allowed for his height: I could only hope it hadn’t graced the stage recently enough for recognition. A merciful veil, a merciless hat plus his own best boots polished to a glow and he was gone, telling me not to trouble to wait up.
“Today, my dear Watson, you woke in a lather and for want of a seeing-to. We shall remedy that presently. Next you partook of Bright’s Coffee (special chicory blend, no accounting for taste) and lime marmalade on toast. Mrs Pelham has called again today whilst I was out – she of the gardenias and the cap set firmly at you – beware! Lunch was a chop and supper a ham sandwich. Bradley’s are out of your favourite cigarettes, so you smoked an inferior brand and drank superior brandy to make up for it.” He kissed me, deep and slow. “Your new toothpowder is flavoured with cinnamon. I will allow it.”
She had changed her hair. No doubt for someone else's. When I last saw her, going back down to the cells after sentence, she had been a wraith, whittled to less substance than ever by incarceration, but still the Miss Kitty Winter I had first met, the very spirit of vengeance. The judge had heard, in chambers, more details of Gruner's sordid habits than I had cared to learn and decreed a mere six months without hard labour as her punishment. Knowing the Bermondsey slums she came from, Wandsworth prison was certainly not significantly worse lodgings. Watson wouldn't have it of course. A lady in distress brings out all his best – or most irrational, depending on one's point of view – instincts, and he was all set to swear that her maiming the Baron was an accident. He only backed off when I told him, quite accurately, that she had already told the police not only that Gruner deserved worse, but she wished she'd done it years ago.
We have been treated to some memorable Sunday morning feasts in our time. Smoked scotch haddock, eggs Benedict, Spanish-cured ham
“Um...” Even in the throes of literary shame, asking for an erotic variation he had picked up in a pornographic story, he hadn’t sounded quite like this.
“Perhaps he is in the camp that believes speaking about…such things plainly, even if he speaks against them, is unwholesome. Apt to turn people’s mind to their practice.”
“Naturally. The opinion of one who knows the candidate very well is always sought before a vote.” He passed a hand over his face but I saw it was not from shame, only from exasperation. “You cannot be a member of the Diogenes Club and commit…fictions.”
"Hmm, so I was. I admit that does led some credence to your theory. Then we will treat it as a working hypothesis. Observe the geography of the hot rooms. Instead of large spaces each leading from one to another, they cluster as cells in a beehive, each cell with its own door. The attendants - all of them Arabian youths of full age but the freshest beauty - take care to knock and wait before entering with a towel or a glass of sherbet."
“Drat. Why did the architect of this place put in so many windows facing the street? Damn twilight, damn candles, damn the Jubilee!”
“Now. Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so help you God?”
The streets were still seething with human traffic all the way to Marble Arch and down Park Lane to The Mall. All of London was out of doors, that day in June in the year 1897. Garlands and bunting drooped across every balcony and shop doorway, rows of smiles in green and red, white and blue. The sun was setting at long last. Merry children shouted, fretful ones whimpered; tired parents herded them up onto omnibuses and down into to the subterranean caves of the Underground railway. A rainbow chaos of burst balloons, lost hair-ribbons and half-eaten toffee apples littered the pavements.
“Or to dispense with the softer passions, lest they bias your judgement.”
"Damn it Holmes, you were the one to suggest that my...education might be broadened by a tour of this establishment. You told me it was out of the ordinary run of bath houses: particularly *enlightened*, especially *discreet*. Even I could not fail to understand that what you meant was that it extends a welcome to practising sexual deviants and shields illegal liaisons from prying eyes."
"My name is Sherlock Holmes."
with Holmes is never precisely what it seems. He is as careful with words as he is with his dress: which is to say, plain and sufficient, without ornament or useless show. Why should he want me at his tailor’s? He had never sought my advice on matters sartorial before, and I should have been of little help had he done so; about as much as he might have been to me in a case of double pneumonia.
Ah, there it is: that word. Love. I do not hear it a tenth so often as I write it nor even say it myself, for a certain party has an aversion to saying it aloud; he claimed once that it brought him out in a rash.  Yet if that is the price of being loved by Sherlock Holmes, I’d pay it with interest the rest of my life. Indeed, I sincerely hope I shall.
Tender, sweet and tipsy, he stumbled with me to the bed, shedding half his clothes on the floor, tangling in and between the sheets and around and above me, by turns covering me and baring himself. I stilled his hand at his trouser buttons.
"And has he nothing more to offer than his 'opinion'?"
As in all our history it had turned out to be the ‘incidental’ details on which the whole case, and oftentimes a human life, depended, this was less helpful than perhaps he intended. It came down, as ever, to trust – and I had long ago given all mine into his long, white hands and steady gaze.
Then he kissed me. Clumsy and sweet and dry-lipped and quite, quite deliberate.
“Ah, John.”
I reached up again, this time fumbling for his trouser buttons - but again he stopped me.
I settled myself for an evening in the company of him I loved best. Idle talk, he called it, with a gleam in his eye. The exchange of confidences –
There. Those are words enough on the subject, John Watson. Words to condemn you and him together. Hide them; better still, strike them out altogether. Cut out your heart. Tell instead what happened next at Arlesey, in the County of Bedfordshire.
to my bees?”
“Hm. My handkerchief. I’m sure I put it in my coat before breakfast.”
The boatman Fosdyck, who it appeared often posed as a crony of Holmes in his Captain Basil disguise but in truth acted as his knowing guide and factotum all through the Thames fraternity – cheerfully let us off at Ratcliff Cross Stairs – near the scene of that infamous (and still unsolved after almost a century) domestic slaughter on the Ratcliff Highway: an account of which, Holmes had once told me, was his first introduction to sensationalist literature, "and bungling officialdom".
Of two members of the clan Wiggins, a zookeeper, a musician and a chandler’s assistant. Somehow, it didn’t have the right ring to it. I sat down again.
Partway through the undressing I realised I was still holding the scalpel, that I had done it all one-handed. So many times at night, over the years before, I had contemplated undressing him, one hand  busy on my own prick: second nature to hold  a weapon now.
outright on account they know you won't be listening when they do. There's enough trade to go round, never fear. It's a... growing market." She grinned. Butterworth smiled wanly back.
"And did you, perhaps, teach your wife the rudiments of play?"
She nodded, moving to the window to look out with him over her inheritance. As I joined them, I saw that someone was working in the distance outside - a slight figure wrapped in a hooded cloak, seated on a low stool on the lawn and digging with a long trowel in the soil of one of the flowerbeds.
We shared a brougham of the General's. Watson looked particularly handsome in a herringbone cutaway coat and grey flannels. What? If he can wax lyrical about the physical charms of other men in the pages of the Strand, surely I may do so concerning my own intimate friend in the privacy of a personal account, my sole confidant a surplus
“Oh, this one is of impeccable character – bar a slight weakness for the turf, a regrettable tendency to highly-coloured, fictionalised
Guilty, m’lud. Guilty, guilty, guilty. Take me down. No hardened criminal was as hard as I was for Holmes as I suckled on the tip of his indecent, rosy cockstand and teased at the soft, taut skin behind his balls until he groaned my name.  I’d order a gross of this glory every day of the week, decency be hanged.
“And no,” he said through gritted teeth as he tidied himself away and left me hiding a smile, “ I have no idea where the bloody thing went, or why. Tomorrow we shall get to the bot- to the heart of this.”
in Rome, earlier this year. As for those stories, you'll be pleased to learn that this is Dr Watson, the author of all that popular excitement."
To my knowledge, he had not often said it, nor even once, but I let that pass, for it did sit with the comparative indifference I had noticed at Arlesey towards the misses Heacham. Nevertheless, I could not see what, aside from those trousers, they would have to hide.
********************************************************************
“Thank you but the  memory is, alas, only too painfully fresh just at present. Ach!”
"We shall be late," he began, as if it were my fault, and I snapped at him in return.
Watson would write, or he would not. Wishing was futility.
“They will have been able to see quite well that we are not.”
Miss Heacham gathered her skirts, sweeping them to the side and out of touching distance, reclaiming her own territory.
“Indeed: the queer old dean.”
"I think so."
Brace was too mired in his own misery to catch the slip, but I did. There was nothing to be done that instant however, except to ask what was to be done? Brace had begged his wife to go no further, not to blame others for their misfortune even if it proved impossible to mend it. Yet he was afraid it would not be enough.
"Signor Salvatore Ottolenghi founded
I have had fleeting lovers, hardly worth the name: an hour, a night, a summer weekend. Suitors, teasers, snatchers, voyeurs. None can match him, my spouse of Baker Street.
Holmes froze in his seat. I gave the stage my full attention but allowed myself a small smile and a sideways glance for a candid camera snap of his face, scarlet and silenced.  I hope I did not spoil the performance for him; he observed afterwards that the composer certainly ought to become less well known the more people heard his music.
He held up a wicker travelling case, looking for all the world as if he were planning a picnic. So, I took the part of helpful guide, making sure that the dog-cart driver had the news that my companion had returned to London and that while I waited for him to conclude urgent business there and either himself return or require me to go, I, being an old India hand, had set myself to help a gentleman traveller from the subcontinent. Thus I bid him good bye at the gates of Low Hall and turned back for the station and the waiting room.
"She'd lost it all. Not a scrap left. She hadn't been ill, hadn't shorn it on that account, certainly hadn't…" she paused, but I well knew that Wandsworth would have had all her own hair soon after she got through the gate, and made money on it too. "Just fell out in a few days. Pretty thing, too."
“My father is dead, Mr Holmes.”
"We should visit all five and interview them to see if there are connections we have not yet understood; begin to look beyond the obvious," suggested Watson, with the air of a horse pawing at the starting gate. Those who have said to him – and, one or two of the braver sort, to me - that I use him shamelessly to publicise my exploits and as a mere catcher to my acrobatic flights, do him more injustice than they do myself. He is as eager to follow me as ducklings to drop into a pond. But I preferred to keep our feet dry for a little longer.
“You put a serious obstacle in the way of my helping you. What objection can the other Miss Heacham have to me, and to finding a solution to the problem?”
at least for the time being. The terrier is quite clear on that score.”
The difference? That she took my hand in the garden in Norwood; that she loved me - desired me- in return.
One should stand tall when taking an oath, making a promise, owning a fault and claiming a prize. All the more when one is doing all of them at the same time.
Kitty peered at the entry and bit her lip, testing for a memory. Then she clapped her hands.
“My dear Watson, have I not often said that it is principally those who have something to hide who believe everyone is spying on them?”
I am well used to his habits of concealment. Holmes at heart is an incorrigible tease. He taunts clients with his deductive tours-de-force, dangles vital clues before honest, befuddled members of Scotland Yard, and leads me a merry dance – lately, by night as well as day. The particulars of those nocturnal teases are not for publication, naturally: I mention them only for the purpose of illustration. Pleasurable anticipation is one thing, however – downright obfuscation is merely infuriating.
Solely, it transpired, the vital fact that might have saved Butterworth significant expenditure of breath. In each case the assailant, hanging back in the shadows of a side alley, had thrown the acid from some distance in a round glass vial that had shattered on impact, so that the lady's hair was first to dissolve, only then her shawl or coat. In other words, the missile had been bowled.
“No-one has the least idea what is in your head, dear one. Not even you, sometimes. My father knew mine. He feared it, but he knew, or suspected. It was exactly the Classics that worried him – a straightforward man, without learning himself. All that talk of perfect forms, of noble love, of warrior and comrades. All those foreigners with their language like a secret code. ‘I’ve been to sea, lad’, he’d say. ‘A lot of unnatural goings-on under the cloak of
“Watson,” he called in a low voice late one evening just last week, “come over here, would you?”
The chatter of a dozen typewriters punctuated by the occasional telephone bell told us that Warner, Holt and Pater was a firm striding with confidence into the new century. Brace had the second-best office but not yet a partnership. He did not speak of the partners with much respect, which may have been either cause or consequence of that. Yet, to start with, he tried to charm us, perhaps thinking we had brought him a lucrative case.
naming things, by constraining into fit and proper vessels the referred pain of impossible desires. We come to know, somehow, that a man may love but not excessively: that is woman’s domain. That a man may love another man but not lie with him: that is woman’s duty - and, if she is fortunate, her pleasure.  A man who does either is effeminate, unmanly. If he does the first, he will get a name as a fool. If he does the second, or even thinks of doing it…well, better not speak of that at all.
“Yes.”
He passed me his magnifying glass across the table.
He apparently meant it as a genuine compliment, not the whimsical, backhanded jibe I might, in London, have taken it to be. Whimsy is all very well as the atmosphere for a light opera: in real life, it is apt to pluck on the nerves.
“A friend with whom you were…often intimate?”
The whole thing was preposterous to my rational mind, but unconscious instinct nagged at me. What harm? If he was wrong, I need take no further notice. If he was right, I should put it down to his greater experience, to some trifle he had seen that gave him the clue and need not accept his version of how he came to know.
“And yours.”
very well, Watson.”
“You know, I have had quite the fatiguing day myself, doctor. Several chemical experiments needing the most delicate concentration.  Settling the rent. Maintaining the Index. Explaining to Lestrade the salient features of the Preston’s Feather Beds fraud. All that, after being kept up half the night doing heaven knows what under a goose down quilt.”
“Excuse me, I must just get by. Pawky humour again, Watson. Stow that, if you please. I have heard no complaints on that score.”
"Come on in, Mr ‘olmes. We been expecting you. Cold out on the river today?"
Money remained the great obstacle. What capital our father had left us I had mined nearly to bedrock to pay for my studies and my brother had drunk or squandered his share. I determined to take a chance on the newfound Kimberley fields, laying out all my savings, even borrowing a little here and there. Knowing nothing I had to trust much and when there is profit to be made, sharks lie in wait for the unwary.
“I want…I want to kiss my friend, my fellow lodger, the world’s first consulting detective. I want to take Sherlock Holmes, toast of London and curse of the criminal classes, into my bed at the top of this house. I want to break the law with him. I want him to loosen my tongue with more kisses first, until I can say it all, ask for it all. Come here, man.”
I had not thought he would surrender so absolutely, so swiftly, to his body, to the flesh. In aftermath, as we held each other, I wondered aloud if my lack of skill needed an apology.
Watson gets much of the credit for that. In his stories I am a paragon of pure reason who disdains human connection, emotion and the flesh - scarcely human or, if human, not very likeable. Candidly, I admit that last part is probably of some substance. One must make an effort to be universally likeable and I do not care to. I care for the good opinion of very few but I do care a good deal about those few. I care most of all about only one.  For more than twenty years his words were my advertisement and then and after also my shield. Now Doyle is dead and Watson has no heart to write at anyone else's bidding. The oeuvre – the myth - is complete. I have even heard of a sort of correspondence club made up of gentlemen with apparently nothing better to do, devoted to speculation on the "truth" behind our exploits. As if there was only one truth to be found. As if we did not purposely hide the most important ones.
It was not exactly irrelevant, considering his news, but if I was being directed in the solution of the mystery I could not see how.
–  of utter trust.
, damn you, and I’m a fool, and a coward, and I couldn’t say it, could barely think it - what I am, what I want, and now I find perhaps it was there all along if only I had reached out and taken it, only said something, and now I come to it, why in all the world didn’t YOU? You with your plain speaking and facts are facts and I know everything about everyone before they open their mouth.”
“John.”
Both assured him there had been none -which did not stop him opining that with ladies, well, you never knew, they wouldn't come right out and say it, you'd have to read them right to tell.
As we left for the honeymoon, he chattered distracted good wishes through our carriage window and scurried away to catch a cab. I did not doubt that he had his own departure to catch, traveling express to exaltation with the aid of the cocaine bottle.
At last a clue, dropped carelessly into my lap. I was about to address the ‘hypothesis’ when he sidestepped again to pass us without breaking stride, again with that pantomime wink that made me wonder if everyone we met knew at a glance what we were to one another and equally rejoiced in it.  Unless London had simply become friendlier with the new century?
"Hum. Just as well," he said to himself and returned the key to Maisie with thanks again. "Not in fact at work I hope, Maisie?"
Ordinarily, let us be clear, I have no particular objection to rut. But I do not care to break a promise.
His fist came down on the table, but when he spoke, I had to strain to hear.
He had stumbled up the seventeen steps and through the sitting room door as if he’d alighted from a pumpkin pulled by mice, and he looked as if it had transformed from a golden coach on the way, with him still inside. Hat and hairpiece he tore off and flung at the hearth.
I wondered if the true subjects ever read my work and recognised themselves.
“And a man, Holmes?”
I felt far too sweaty and rumpled to be presentable, however ‘rational’ the company, but if she noticed (and she did) Miss Anne forgave me. Holmes had done it again – turned a reserved and doubtful client into a loyal acolyte, quite prepared to accept that all would be well, now he had attended to the problem. She did not gush, of course, did not fawn. It was not her nature. Yet she was in such peace of mind that not only did she welcome us at her table, we were given the rare privilege of an introduction to Miss Emma.
“Nothing broken, doctor, never fear. It is only that your hero has, as it were, feet of clay.”
Inductive, if not deductive, logic, led me to expect another detour and so it was. Holmes darted into an alley beside a chandler’s store not a hundred yards from Manze’s. Of all things, a young woman was waiting for us: thin, delicate featured, dressed in an assortment of hand-me-downs too large for her and a man’s flat cap. Yet cheerful enough, she appeared to be taking stock of the great coils of rope, vats of tar and pots of varnish under tarpaulins in the back yard. A heavy key marked her place in the ledger, and it was this key she gave up to Holmes, who thanked her gravely and by name, unlocked a cellar whose hatch was hard up against the back of the shop, and jumped down into the dim interior with a "stay there will you, John?". The girl Maisie beamed at this and at me. Whether a co-conspirator, or merely amused for her own reasons, I could not tell. She did giggle as Holmes emerged, smut-stained yet dignified, from the coal hole, brushing off his coat with his hands, spreading the smuts onto his cuffs in the process.
“Hah, now we have it. Tell me, Watson, why you did that. And for heavens’ sake, be honest.”
“That’ll do for now. Tell the court what you know.”
He sat with it in his lap for a moment, contemplating. Then he sprang up, went to his desk and did as I asked. The lock clicked, he put the key back on his watch chain. Moving to his chemical table, he began to set up retorts and spirit burners.
“Yet in your former occupation, would you not have questioned the witnesses, as well as observe them?”
“Dear John, so true. Perhaps both in turn. Sherlock?”
We took our seats on either side of the fire, as we often did when there was no case to write up and Holmes had not disappeared into a chemistry experiment, or into one of his black fits of withdrawal. I expected to be quizzed, to be put under the microscope like a bacterium and all my parts described, but he said nothing, only smoked a long pipe, his faraway eyes deep in thought.
"Come with me to the shop, gentlemen. It will stand as the answer to most questions that remain."
"So near, and yet…"
nuisance, no doubt. She and her sister resided at Low Hall, close by a village in the county of Bedfordshire. Their family had lived there for many generations, farming in a moderately prosperous way. It was clear that this prosperity was to be understood in the past tense. Holmes might, as he did, deduce it from her sleeve-ends or bootlaces – for she was well, if plainly, dressed in twill and country tweeds, not in the least openly shabby. I simply read more of the newspapers than the personal columns and Police reports. Estate sales and wage disputes, the flow of labourers from field to town to seek their fortune: it was all the same tale. Farming, by and large, did not pay any more.
Damn Holmes’ directness as well. Civilised man lives by
Appeal to authority, even mine, speaks of a flawed argument.
"Here." He had spotted it first. "Catherine Anne Pearsall. Condition:  spinster. Age 26; profession of father, Solicitor. Married at The Union Chapel, Islington on the 14th of May. Groom - William Henry Brace, bachelor. Age 40. Occupation, Solicitor."
“Good God, Watson, John, you lovely boy, get on your knees. Here it is, now, swallow it down for Christ’s sake before I spend on your shirt. Ah!”
Stung, I desired to sting in return: to pierce the amour of his smug, infuriating, unassailable confidence. I puffed up my chest and prepared for battle, striding across the room until I could make him hear me without even raising my voice.
“You!”
giving it a lascivious undertone?”
"Like harnessing a racehorse to a hansom, Watson: good for neither."
“Yes, but why-"
I was not entirely sure this made rational sense, although I was entirely sure I should not say so.  He was as entitled as anyone (nay, perhaps more) to make a decision merely because he wanted to.  And now we were drawing up beside the familiar front door.
“I must come down, you know,” he said. “Will it be…inconvenient?”
He waved a hand carelessly. "Oh, as to that, certainly. The occasion, though – the occasion. Ah, Watson, there I confess myself a coward.  Come, let’s go h- back to Baker Street." He started up the street, scanning for an approaching cab.
“Incorrigible.”
“Your face, if you will pardon me, Miss Heacham, was the epitome of astonishment.”
I fear that my collar ends were twisted, my tie askew and I very possibly had on odd socks as I opened the door. The visitor hobbled in, took the measure of the stairs with a sigh and put out her left arm. The footman was at her side in a second but she waved him away, silently waiting for me to step up to the courtesy. Thus we made our way up to the sitting room, preceded by the footman, whose eyes were round as billiard balls as he turned at the corner of the landing and looked back to me and to the lady leaning in to me, wheezing as she reached the first floor. She was quite a weight, but it would not have been the act of a gentleman to even hint at that, nor at the cramp which was beginning in my bad leg.
“His habit is to show off his body to me, to tease, to provoke until I cannot hold off touching him.”
He blustered, laughed in our faces, called us deluded by our own fame, making up some story to go with the pantomime performance, said he had  not the least idea what I meant.
When I returned to the sitting room from the front door, Holmes was in his chair, considering the painting, his lips twitching. He caught my eye and his half-smile became a grin, then a chuckle. An instant later we fell about, helpless with laughter and weak with the weight of irony, dusted with just a touch of – manly – hysteria.
It may be guessed what are some of the other words that stimulate the mind – and other parts – of the world’s only consulting detective. In that, he is not alone.
“Holmes?”
Touched. Now there is a portmanteau of a word.
I placed a vial of clear liquid upon the blotter. Readers of the Strand might have preferred it smashed to more dramatic effect, but his desk was a fine piece in French walnut and not at all at fault for having such an owner.
Holmes, by contrast, cared little for imposition and asked whenever he felt the need of me. He needed me for his pleasure, for the works of justice which were his posterity, and I answered every time. When he asked me to go to the Continent with him in that spring of 1891, it was understood that it might be the last case; that his career might end. He had, perhaps, even an inkling of how, for all he soothed me with a tale of prosperous retirement crowning his greatest success.
She spotted Watson unsuccessfully hiding an attempt to guess if this was presently true of herself and shook her head.
And out it all came. Not in triumph in our sitting room, Holmes leaning against the mantelpiece, pipe in hand but in that rocking hansom, his voice an urgent whisper.
“You mustn’t trust me, then, not with your life
“In fact, believe I shall go early to bed.”
The brief telegram “REQUEST CONSULTATION BAKER STREET MORNING THIRD MARCH STOP A HEACHAM” had been welcome enough. Holmes had his lean months, even in busy years. Crime had been nodding of late - at any rate, the sort of crime that interested him.
“No. The standing glass; it was on my desk this morning and is not there now.”
Whimsy after all, then. “I am aware of the controversy, Rector. I choose to proceed in the manner of a scientist – two with an excluder, two as control. Once I have results suggestive enough of a conclusion, I will convert all to one system.”
"Henry. In good health, though still not quite perfectly in tune, I perceive?"
“Yours to command, my boy. Have at it!”
For a moment my heart sank. It was only to confirm some pet theory of his, then. At least I was still needed, still wanted for that. Ah, well.
I hadn’t hurt him, and wasn’t sure whether to curse or thank fate for it.
Chastened, as he only is in front of her, he chanced his arm one last time.
"My God."
He started so that the brandy glass nearly jumped out of his hands. He set it aside carefully and took several deep breaths to bring back some measure of calm.
“And how would you describe his habits?”
I reached for the candle and a match but he stopped me.
Of course.
No reason to conclude, then, simply because we were here, that crime was the thread I had been bidden to follow. It wove its way in and out of London, the metropolis’ many parts standing for the warp on the frame, a pattern burned out of the whole cloth by these disappearances and reappearances of Holmes…and blast it, he had done it again as I stood puzzling on the pavement.
"Am I," I repeated slowly and deliberately, caressing his palms with my thumbs, "the sort of man whom you can trust with such a confidence? With precisely
"Even more of a coincidence that we met his brother as well."
Other people’s secrets fell before him like the walls of Jericho. His own could not be had for love, money, deduction, nor any other way than deliberate gift. It so happened that I was about to be offered the deepest secret of all, as an unlooked-for gift. But I did not know that, then. I only knew that he had decided to find out, then to keep and protect, the secrets of Low Hall.
, sir.
“Ah, Watson, there I must confess second time’s the charm. Victor, you know, could be very persuasive, and at more than getting me to spend the summer holidays with him.”
"Saved, as they say, by the bell, dear boy."
He adopted a crestfallen expression even more theatrical than his disguise and put a gravy-browned finger to his lips.
I’d had enough common sense to cover my teeth, at least, but a novice must take direction. It was clear he had done this before - had it done to him, for him, many a time. I had the fleeting wonder why he did not take me in his mouth instead.  Then I knew it was all of a piece with him:  his daily choice to risk failure, disappointment and frustration, to ask of people more ordinary than he more than they might be able to give. He lived for the drama of what might happen next, in the boundless confidence that whatever it was, it was better that he fly and fall than that he never took flight.
"I feel I should start, Mr Holmes, with an apology."
“It was folded last time, as you well know. It may indeed be folded now, but it’s of no use to me if I cannot lay my own fingers upon it. Come on, I daresay there is a spare chair at your barber’s.”
His long back, pressed against mine by the narrow confines of a well-worn mattress that dipped in the middle. His careless hand on my shoulder in the morning as he rose. Simple friendship was what he offered, this man who had no friends save one. It was not for me to complicated matters.
"No, sir, just here for you today. Although there’s an odd Sunday to make up here and there, when particular ships are in; I don’t mind it. S’not as if I have far to come." She tossed her head in the direction of the low windows at the top of the tall old building behind us and I understood that this place stood her for lodging as well as employment. "Mrs Gill’s a decent sort. We sticks together."
"This is a very queer subject to be discussing at the table, Holmes."
“There are some visitors to whom it is utterly impossible to be ‘out’ unless one is on the other side of the earth, or under it.”
“We do not forget, Mr Holmes, Doctor Watson. We shall never forget. And now, we regret that our presence is required elsewhere, for duty’s sake. Good evening to you.”
"Portmore, sir. I… doubt you'd know him." Which was shorthand for the plain reality that the old guard with whom I had tussled so often – Lestrade, Bradstreet, even Hopkins the rising star, who had been injured in the line of duty and forced to give it up – were going or gone. All my cases lately were private clients.
I cannot often follow Holmes’ thoughts merely from his expression, not as he does mine, but as he looked again to the garden the thought that our client was not being straight with us may as well have left bootprints across his face. Yet he did not challenge her.
where he was: to whit, on the second floor, in my bed, in a state of total undress.
“Please.”
“Did you ever see such a sight. Am I not mortally sick?” he mocked, gesturing at his costume, tracing the girth of my cockstand with his thumbnail across my trouser front. He kept my right hand stock still against the shudder that wracked me, present danger held off by his supreme will.
have to worry about money ever again. You make fun of my stories but they have sold – by the hundreds of thousands. Especially once Doyle got the Americans interested. What about you? You yourself can hardly pretend you are in the game for bread and cheese anymore."
"Correct. Make your report, constable."
I confess it was a low trick, but I was working from instinct and the peculiar urgency of acute embarrassment.  I brushed the back of his calf with my ankle. The chairs were so close-set that no-one else could have seen it, and only we two knew what it meant in any case. It was our signal – commonplace, perhaps, but Holmes’ public distaste and his private cravings have rarely matched. A signal that, whatever else we were doing at the time, by the end of the day I desired – nay, expected – to occupy the side of Holmes’ bed next to the wall, wrapped close in his long arms and legs, our breaths calming together into satisfied harmony.
There was something very odd about his tone. The sun had quite gone down by then, and my own glance out of the window before venturing downstairs yielded nothing more than a boy in livery with a silver-topped cane – surely responsible by now for a hearty dent in Mrs Hudson’s front door – and beside him in the flare of a street lamp, the squat figure of a stout, old lady in widow’s weeds, heavily veiled in lace and leaning on a walking stick. A client, then. An inconsiderate one, at that.
"They have repaid me many times over with their care of my costumes, my disguises and secrets. Think of it as the Baker Street Irregulars Annuity Friendly Society."
“You agreed to take the case, Holmes.”
But he said no more, only disappeared to the great within, where cogs whirred in the intricate machine of deduction inside his head, gears cranking, connections being made. It seemed that like everyone else, I should have to wait for the striker on the bell to tell me the time, to tell past, present and future.
One must, I supposed, humour the eccentric, especially if he is your neighbour and a possible source of expertise in a field in which one is a novice.
“It’s nothing, Watson. Must you mother me incessantly?”
I was still perfectly furious. Whoever says that getting what you want after an interminable wait with scant hope of fulfilment must be a moment of unalloyed bliss, never stood where I stood, looking at Sherlock Holmes with a smirk on his face and not knowing whether to hit him again or kiss him back.
“That’s it, John, come darling, come to me, come for me, come quick or come slow, come how you like but do it, do it for me, I want it, I want you, only you, you know it, that’s it, John…”
How aptly named. I waited, with a book from the kiosk, until hunger drove me to the public house down the street. An indifferent lunch and a pint of flat beer later, I went back to the ticket office. No-one had called for me, or left a note. The foreman at the goods yard told me that “that tall bloke” had not said how long he wanted his cases kept safe, that it was no skin off his nose, what was another package among a hundred, they could stay there a week for all the difference it made to him.
We sped through London’s bustling traffic to Bayswater, where Holmes negotiated our way into the house on the back of some breath-taking falsehoods and proceeded to strip the sickroom of everything that took his fancy. A  large piece of wallpaper which he removed with a pen-knife was subjected to the most intense inspection, then folded and slipped into his silver cigarette case (‘SH from JHW, 1887’) to be taken away with his other trophies for a closer look.
He groaned. “Bugger; that’s just the trouble. I need the pot.”
"Sir?"
The bees’ soft humming rose to a pitch like a hanging note before a coda, inviting me to contribute my part in the arrangement. I sat cross-legged on the grass and tucked the blanket under me. This must take some time to do properly, as it must if I am fool enough to do it at all. Where to begin?
“What has Mrs… Ah.”
“I hope you will not come to regret this,” he said suddenly, as he came in that February afternoon, shedding another small, melancholy waterfall on the doorstep. With  a start, I realised he meant all of it – not only retirement to the country, but retirement with him, this new life I had never hoped for until he handed it, with his heart, over to me like so much hidden treasure.
“What of the mystery of human affection?”
To Sherlock Holmes, nature is first and foremost a matter of science. He admires its works, but rarely glories in them. Instead he observes nature; he dissects it; he pins it to a card. For me, his humble companion John H. Watson, MD, it is a work of art.
The silver cigarette case and the remains of the wallpaper were not where he had left them, nor anywhere in the room, although he did turn up fourpence ha’penny in coppers in the toe of the Persian slipper, and a lost trouser button of mine whilst fishing among the sofa cushions.
One moment it’s never been so far from me, I am reaching in desperation for climax and mortally afraid it will never arrive, the next all crashing awareness, shouting pleasure, nerve-endings screwed-up like paper and flung away soaring and I am saying his name over and over and he mine and all the while that scalpel. All the while.
Inside, wrapped in old newspaper, was an intricate confection of twine a good ten inches across – a sailor’s fancy knot. It seemed to be still spattered with ship’s pitch but as I looked closer, I saw it was Indian ink - every inch was written on in a continuous stream of text so tiny one would need…
“Leave! Have you solved the mystery already? Or are you giving up on it after all?”
"For a special occasion, perhaps," she allowed. "Not today. Yet for some it is a near-daily indulgence. It is these who have been assaulted with prussic acid in the street and as far as I can determine, each one was a customer at the exclusive
“It is not my approval you need. I do not have to live in them.”
"Yes," he replied to my question before I could actually get it past my open mouth. Where he had learned them I could only imagine.
“You’ll do no such thing, doctor.” His face was pale as buttermilk.
"Yours is manifestly not the only hair shop in London." Two million women could hardly be served by an establishment six hundred feet square. "If it is only artifice or vanity this person condemns, why not spread the venom more widely? Put every such dealer in fear, and all their customers. Something more personal is surely intended. Forgive me," for I saw Kitty anticipate my next question and grow pale, "The
Three years later, somehow, she found him. Lest she become prey for the fourth time, he gave her - and her child, conceived on a broken promise - a dead man’s name for reputation, in a chapel at Montpelier.
Bright death, the both of them.  A healing art.
“Limp in every sense. Like a damp rag, set out to dry.”
“They suggest you consider *not* keeping them apart from their Queen, or else they may indeed decide to desert you
I did, of course.
Our client had worn a red camellia in the buttonhole of her coat, on the morning she came to call at Baker Street.
"This is not a theoretical discussion, is it? Not some shared daydream to while away an evening."
"Or none."
"I put it to you, m’lud, that coincidence is to Mr Sherlock Holmes as hay to a fish. Let us therefore consider the evidence. He means to quit London, he has admitted this without the need for cross examination. He has closed his London operations, made an appointment with his tailor – no doubt to provide him with new country tweeds. It only remains to explain to you how he was aided and abetted in his labours by a gaggle of, of…"
“You propose that I should
Then.
“I, John Hamish Watson, am a doctor of medicine, a writer of middling talent but a good agent, a crack shot and a lover of both women and men. I fell in love with a man for the first time at fifteen and for the last time at forty-two.”
We kissed.
It is rarely my chance to see Sherlock Holmes in the role of a naughty schoolboy: one must grasp such opportunities when they are presented. He sipped his tea with averted eyes and hunched shoulders, long legs folded under him on the settee.
His virtue was safe enough, I suppose.
In a green sea lapped with lace like the foam on the shore he surged and drew back, quickening his strokes, inch by inch, moment by moment, urging on my cries with whispers deep and dirty as ditchwater, light and fresh as spring, blessing me, cursing me, Adam’s apple moving under the knife.
"Why do you keep vanishing? What is the meaning of these jaunts?
His gloved hand brushed mine in the act of surrender. I enjoyed the contact for that fraction of a second, as I enjoyed all such accidents. Together, since I had first recognised in myself the source of that pleasure, they might add up to as much as an hour of bliss. One cannot help but crave time – we are mortal creatures – and a year's worth would not have been enough. A lifetime would have fallen short. And yet every instant was perfect and sufficient in itself. The paradox of desire.
An unseen hand guided us both towards the hearth, to sit our accustomed chairs.
I have set pen to paper myself to repay Watson in kind - created a magician's box of mirrors to make him disappear from my own story at the point he, in fact, became its major theme. The last London case – the correspondence club seem preoccupied with dates, a futile wish for precision that will probably drive them all stark mad in the end – was neither the colourman nor the soldier, and Watson never did 'desert me for a wife'. I think he would be as like to jump off Westminster Bridge and fly as desert me - one of many honours I do not deserve.
The client duly informed, Holmes’ work was done. Play could commence. I drew the blinds down on the darkening street and stripped off my own clothes. He was clean, scrubbed in our newly-installed bathroom to a pink flush over his natural pallor. I was only clean-ish, but he never minded that. His first act when I rolled against him under the sheets was always to hook his beaky nose in the crook of my good shoulder and breathe in on a shiver and out on a sigh, savouring the smell of bare skin and analysing all the little signs of my day and doings.
“Tsk, Watson. Attend to the precision of my terms. I did not say you were. I asked if you had *taken* my razor. Theft is but one explanation. Borrowing is the most obvious alternative, but one must never simply assume intent.”
"Mr Brace, may I ask if you play cricket?" Watson's tone was calm but his face was full of something like horror. In a moment I was there with him, reaching toward truth and unable to stop myself from continuing as he had surely meant to:
I hit him. Hard.
"Oh, I solved a small matter for him last year – you were in Scotland at the time. Some missing Malayan beetles, if memory serves. No crime was involved: it was all to do with the strength of the formaldehyde. Or lack thereof. An eminent naturalist to be sure, but not a chemist. If you hold your jaw at that angle, my dear Watson, something exotic may fly in. In the circumstances I should not care to risk it."
“And spying on the ladies of Low Hall,” my friend finished for her.
Sherlock Holmes was not one to let a mere domestic mystery barge in ahead of its criminal brother in the queue. He corralled the control fragment which sat only in a dish of water beside its fellows in saucers in a drawer of the deal table and inspected that instead.
“Amazing. So much from so little. As it were.”
One corner of his mouth twitched but he carried on filing. I stood up and struck a courtroom attitude, one thumb tucked in my waistcoat pocket.
She knew, of course. Clean linen starts and ends soiled, and she was married once. Never a single word on the subject; nary so much as a look, mark you. Only safety and sanctuary, only well-trained maids who knocked and waited and who never dusted too early in the morning. If Sherlock Holmes ever in his adult life loved a woman, with all the intensity and carelessness of his singular nature, it was our landlady.
“Now tie off the cords. Dress.”
“My cheque book. Take it, put it away. I cannot be trusted not to be a fool with it.”
“I thought you said we were out.”
We alighted at the Crystal Park Station and made our way up Sydenham Hill toward the great cathedral of glass, once the wonder of the nations, the magnet of the people and now…a very large greenhouse, supporting a thin family of potted palms and a dense crowd of late-morning tea-havers and dance-card markers.
‘Crime’, for example.
"If half of what I suspect is even half true, better try to find his place of employment and see him there."
He grasped my hand, and the press of his long fingers, twining in mine the way I longed for the rest of him to twine about the rest of me, set my pulses jumping. He smiled up at me, a black fox’s smile, sly and bold all at once.
“The Reverend Spooner?”
find myself altogether refreshed. I believe I shall get up and work on my new monograph.”
How you like, my dear Holmes. If it was never to be stolen embraces at dead of night, only “little fairy –tales” of romanticised mystery born and baptised in ink in those Baker Street rooms, only the press of his hand  on my shoulder or the whisper of breath in my ear: I was up for it, for him, ready and willing.
“Holmes, are you capable of saying the word ‘penetrate’
Just as I opened my mouth with some wit about being his own physician by giving up doctoring he cut me off with a scowl. An olive branch lay fortunately to hand.
Curious how inflection can turn the same word into quite another word.
I began to wonder if I’d been forgotten in the thrill of the chase, and my temper grew as thin as a farthing. When the message finally came, I snatched it from the butcher’s boy with a growl, and had to make it up to him with a good tip or he might have burst into tears.
“Holmes? Did you…”
"To…buy her hair?"
I wriggled this way and that, trying to catch sight of everything and wishing I had not tucked my notebook away in my valise. A precisely-tuned cough turned my attention to Holmes who, ever since we had left the railway station, had sat silent and still, brows drawn over the coming case, hands clasped under his chin in prayer to the god of reason. I was about to apologise for disturbing his concentration when I took in his dry, indulgent smile, and the used envelope and stub pencil he was holding out to me.
It was not, in the event, a good afternoon. I spent it in my laboratory, amid the consolations of hard science, of immutable chemical reactions which remained the same so long as I administered the same tests, which did not, could not, ‘speak’ to me nor hear. I told myself that the old man’s brains were addled by superstition and wishful thinking. It needed no secret communication for him to know that if Watson had ever been here, I would have taken him to see my hives. He could not know how seldom the doctor had visited, true: but I already had such a reputation in the district for shunning society and refusing overtures of friendship that any charlatan ‘medium’ might have read it the same way.
“Let’s have a look, then.” I offered him his chair and a gesture toward the leg which he had been favouring all the way up the stairs.
I confess it took me a second or two to remember, to take in what he was trying to tell me. It had been too easy. Something was missing. We did not have enough evidence to lay before the authorities and Brace knew it, for he knew the law of evidence, for all that he dealt day by day in commonplace commercial disputes over contracts and interest rates. So why was he so eager to come with us and hand himself in?
*********************************************
"Holmes, what in God's name is this? First you tell me that twenty-two years' partnership is about to come to an end; then you ask me to trust you with a confidence that is, to put it plainly, none of your business, then you suggest to me that I might do better not to."
“You respected Miss Emily Davies a great deal, but did not love her, spent two years sharing her roof but left for lack of encouragement rather than funds. Your father, I think, needed you at home. You study the classics because you wish to improve your mind, but science has your heart.”
Holmes pinched his upper lip between finger and thumb and sighed.
“How are you, dearest fellow?”
“Behold the conservation of energy.” I murmured. “I have no heat tonight but yours.”
“Dear Doctor Watson. How often at Balmoral have we read your thrilling stories aloud around the fire on a cold winter’s evening. Such a comfort to know our realm has such a clever, stout defender of the law, and a companion so loyal. The two of you set an example, throughout the Empire, of English manliness and true, loving friendship.”
“I have known the accused as an intimate friend for fifteen years.”
"Nor some of the clients."
"You think yourself very clever, Mr Sherlock Holmes. It is no use to assure you that I did not do it, I suppose?"
“You have said so yourself. You wish me to read that I am the supreme rationalist, the man who thinks but does not feel, who has never loved nor is ever likely to, who desires no-one and nothing save work and white poison. Other people may read it too, of course, may pay for the privilege of thinking that they know Sherlock Holmes. Well, there is little harm in that and some distinct good, in the circumstances. But let us have no fiction here, between the two of us. Let us have unvarnished truth.”
I know that you have his card in your pocketbook." He was already pulling it out. 'McFarlane' had written to Doyle thanking Watson for the care with which he had rendered the story but also for the tact in concealing his real name, which was printed on thick, ivory card in curlicues announcing his office to be in Essex Street, a mere quarter mile away.
I remained unmoved even as Simpson shifted in his seat, evidently wondering if he had used up his own store of wisdom by coming here. I knew this was pique, and a sly revenge for my query that morning whether Holmes really needed to fill his pipe less than five minutes after he had finished filling me. I am only prepared to give him certain kinds of satisfaction.
“Where? Where is it?”
Holmes craned his long neck to the corner of the big room, acres of drying sheets festooned from lines crisscrossing every spare space. A youth with flaming carrot coloured hair and an equally carroty crop of freckles on every part of him exposed above the collar and past the ends of his rolled-up shirtsleeves wove between them like a midshipman dodging the boom,  a great white bundle of more sheets (dry and folded) balanced on his head. He seemed oddly familiar.
if that isn't a straight menace and has to stop!" She glared, then flushed and busied herself turning pages. Miss de Merville gamely pretended not to have noticed her language. Watson, by contrast, winced visibly but he drew out his notebook and consulted them on the particulars.
Back at Baker Street, after he had heard out my own astonishment at the bohemian style at Low Hall – I admit this took quite some time – I asked Holmes how it was that the appearance of a supposed owner of the property would answer all the ladies’ complaints. What of the constant intrusions into their privacy?
We shepherded Brace back into his office and shut the door.
"Butterworth, sir. And you are?"
“Because…because you are right,
A case. He wanted a case, and a benevolent providence duly sent him one. Miss Lucy Filbert had been sick, sick all her life, but according to her doctor’s report not likely to die of it at thirty-eight. The railing of a lively and independent mind confined to a trivial round of paying formal calls and winding wool for her aged mother, would have been my own diagnosis. When she died less than a month after that sole parent left this world, it would have been easy to praise the riches of her filial affection and ignore the enormous fortune that would have finally set her free.
“As you have doubtless deduced from my clumsiness - but evidently forgiven it - this is the first, Mrs Watson.”
“Post Office, High Street. Leave this for ‘Mr Heacham’”. With it was a sealed envelope addressed to a Post Office Box number.
"You think detection the centre of my life. London, my lodestone. Once, perhaps. You know Winwood Reade writes that ‘there is a great enterprise in which men have always been unconsciously engaged…the conquest of the planet on which we dwell.’ He goes on to say ‘we can conquer Nature only by obeying her laws, and in order to obey those laws we must first learn what they are’.  If my true centre comes with me, I may get nearer the laws of nature the further away I get from the laws of man."
"Only repairs and finishes are done here, not the original collection or manufacture…ah, here she is, gentlemen."
It is a dangerous error to attribute evil thoughts to others merely because one's own mind is corrupt."
“Holmes…”
It was early spring in the English countryside. Despite the mud that sprayed up every time the dog-cart’s wheels passed through a dip in the lane, despite the cold air nipping at the tops of my ears where my muffler did not quite cover them, the season’s gift of freshness, and the promise of warm days to come, buoyed me up.
“Holmes…did you say one of the hot rooms might be free?”
“True companionship must always be that between equals. All else is compromise and pretence.”
Now, I held steady, steady: setting scalpel still against flesh. A bizarre wish to use it, to make just a scratch, to leave a tiny scar to mark him mine, shrieked at me from a dark corner. I banished it from sheer habit. First, do no harm.
“That, Mr Holmes, simply had a hole in it that you had failed to notice. Not every clue is what it seems.”
He was tall, but not so tall as I, and he shrank further when we faced him as a pair, protesting that he had not the least idea what I was talking about but that he was a busy man, as he was sure were we, and if there was a purpose to our visit we had better state it.
I hauled away one more inch and regarded my left boot, placed as it was against the ramrod spine of the world’s only consulting detective. Between my sole and his skin were two layers of calico, one of cotton lawn and two of Chinese silk brocade reinforced with Arctic whalebone.
After that, I never wrung anything but sighs, groans and the odd astoundingly filthy, whispered word out of him. He never bucked and thrust as he did when his prick was in my mouth, only lay like deep snow at midnight, shivering now and then, no hand on himself or on me, only his gothic labyrinth of a mind, twisting with perverse pleasures.
I could not resist a little teasing of my own.
He stopped in the midst of swirling the glass in his fingers to warm the spirits and shot me a look of mingled surprise and speculation.
“Introducing a fly into the ointment. A fly which I hope will put off further interference with Miss Heacham and her household. Play along with me, Watson. I have stowed my proper luggage with my friend the foreman over there – his friendship can be bought for half a crown – and kept only this.”
"None."
Foote. Formerly master at Durham School. Bane of my boyhood. Excellent teacher of a subject I loathed. Athletic, handsome, charming. Cutting, cruel, a roaring snob. It did not do to come from a modest background, nor to disdain the classics, if one wanted his approval. I failed on both counts.
"What does that suggest to you, Watson?"
We had the place blissfully to ourselves: not that, had she been at home, Mrs Hudson would have dreamt of disturbing us nor even acknowledging what she undoubtedly knew what we were up to. Blindness and deafness are, contrary to first intuition, essential qualifications in a good landlady. Holmes had been hard on a case for weeks, and when he was, that was the only thing he was hard on. Success meant satisfaction in more ways than one, and around tea time a telegraph boy, working the holiday, had pushed through the press of people and delivered success in a tersely-worded telegram.
"Holmes?" He had seen my expression – unguarded, as I so seldom allowed it to be, and he was wary as a stag in August.
"I believe," said he, returning the press of my fingers with dawning relief and morning joy, "that perhaps you are. All appearances to the contrary."
In one half-excited, half-scandalised breath the deed was done, and she had surely repeated something like it to everyone who had come in before me. If the local public house was the chief centre for country gossip, the post office was surely the other.
He sat down with a bump. The folds of mouse-coloured silk parted around his upright prick and we both heard its summons rise clear above the murmur of good manners.
It was membership of the Diogenes Club.
Almost.
"Now, sir, that's what we in the Force call what you'd say 'word on the street', 'the usual sources'. What we know, hence our 'intelligence'." He was so proud of his sliver of learning that it was almost a pity to demolish him.
“Drat, too late to save my virtue. Budge over, Holmes. This bed is damned narrow and I’ve an interesting novelty in mind tonight. I found this gem in London at the weekend. Look at the fourth illustration.”
He aimed a shy and charming smile in my direction and waggled his eyebrows.Ever since our intimate friendship took a turn for, well, the very intimate indeed, I have become something of an expert in Watsonian smiles. I make my bread and cheese – and the tobacco bill – by mastering the most arcane knowledge of crime and human folly. The Fortnum’s pickle on a silver fork, the Havana cigar that is more than mere sustenance, comes from the most specialised study of all – his moods, his desires, his pleasures – the contentment of  a lover in which I have found, somewhat to my surprise, the summit of mine.
“Wait.”
"Wiggins!" Even as I exclaimed aloud I doubted it. The boy sergeant-at-arms of the Baker Street urchins would be much older now than the laundry boy appeared to be.
Since the New Year, Holmes had taken to stalking outside every day in a fisherman’s oilskin too big for his frame, planning in his head the clearing and planting to be done. I sat inside by the fire, war-worn bones creaking in time to the drumbeat of raindrops on the tin roof of the scullery.
“I should think so. My uncle died barely four months after arriving in Calcutta. I’d have been very surprised to think that he had time to marry meanwhile.”
“Mr Holmes, how many times have you kissed a woman?”
"A 'woman's weapon' is any weapon she chooses, as is a man's. A man's motive, now what would that be?"
“Then I should say we need a courtroom. Not there, though. My room, upstairs. I don’t fancy your collection of felons as the public gallery.”
Meantime I worshipped at his feet – at one perfect foot. Offerings of kisses I gave to it, of laving tongue and humming breath, of the tracery of fingertips and the buttressing of thumb-presses: at last setting the arch against my groin and rubbing myself against his passive heel shamelessly, opening my own trousers for ease and access.
“Shall I ring Mrs Hudson for tea and sympathy, John?”
Over supper at the inn, Holmes purposely avoided any talk of Low Hall for fear of flapping local ears, so it was not until we had settled in to the comfortable double-bedded room that I was able to press him on the subject. He talked lightly of dairy yields and brickfields and sidestepped most of my attempts to get him to commit himself to declaring what lay at the heart of the trouble and what, if anything, was to be done about it.
“Strangers frighten her,” was her only comment.
I could so easily have fallen into that trap: could have appeared before Constable Butterworth and the unknown Inspector Portmore in the guise of a fool - and an arrogant fool at that. All but for Watson, my rock and my talisman, who just as we crossed the threshold of Brace's office paused, turned in the doorway and leaned towards me.
“At first I suspected the father to be still living, but hopelessly mad, or at least senile, and their isolation to be a way to cover that up. Then I formed an idea, and as it grew I gave you that warning not to mention them by name, but just to see what came up in conversation. In your appreciation of Miss Emma, did you not notice one significant fact? No, Watson,” he continued as I opened my mouth to speak, “not the trousers, extraordinary as they undoubtedly were. Her eyes.”
"Enough funds for comfort.  Careful choice of location. For me, the sense of a life well-lived, a vocation well-discharged."
“Because, Mr Holmes, word gets about, just as you say. The ‘word’ in Arlesey is that my sister and I have been educated above our prospects; that we put on airs and dare to argue against the dispensations of Providence; that we are, in a word, bluestockings, whom no man should care to have in his house. ”
“Brandy.”
I watched them set off down the Embankment, tall and confident. There was definitely something about a uniform. Ah, the many days when it helped me into a woman’s favour. Long past now, of course, for so many reasons including the dear, dry voice that interrupted my musings.
"Indeed. As in cricket." Probably the sum total of my remaining knowledge on the subject. I had certainly taken great care to forget all the rules, in most cases before I had learned them. "A game not notably played by shop-girls."
“By-blow smuggled in? Hardly enough reason to hide her away – people are, as you do very often say, unobservant, and take things to be as they expect. Or they may instead be friends, as close as sisters. Whichever it is, surely it makes no difference to their plight.”
A cloth and lukewarm water in a tin bowl, the remains of my hasty doctoring, still sat on the hearthrug and I began with a thorough cleansing of his sound foot. Each toe; the rough pad of his heel; the smooth and soaring architecture of his sole; the sinews over the arch that flexed and stood proud as any cock-stand; the ivory mounts of his ankle bone: each washed and dried and warmed before the fire. Every inch stroked between thumb and forefinger until both of us were breathless; until both of us were hard.
“Incorrigible,” was my verdict.
Miss Heacham took off her spectacles and stared open-mouthed for a moment before remembering her dignity and coolly inviting him to explain.
“You are  a surgeon, John. I am in need of healing. Look at me.”
He laboured as I had my way, as I rolled my hips over his again and again, showing no mercy, giving no quarter to the enemies of cloth and brass, using them for friction, for pressure, for sensations intense and exquisite.
He let out a long breath and sat back, holding my gaze. The lightness of my tone did not fool him.
“Naturally.”
"What does this mean: 'Miss Pearsall: complete replacement, scalp net, no head hair to anchor'?"
"I could deduce it."
He always smiled when I gave him back his own words like this, when I presented him to himself as I do in the stories, those paragons of misdirection. It is true, I have had no declarations on bended knee, no love letters and, even if the law were other than it is, I should not expect to be greeted at our front door with a kiss. Devotion crept up on us unawares, inverted attraction persuading us against our will and we are, when all is said and done, English gentlemen for whom enough is quite as good as a feast.
"Fresh enough, Mr Clark, fresh enough. You had all my bundles?"
Until I found myself in love.
“Holmes!” I hissed. He jumped at my voice, swore and clutched at himself in a very odd fashion that, in the darkness, I couldn’t quite make out.
"I suppose it represents a Dionysian revel."
Sherlock Holmes loves an audience. I know it. My readers know it. Scotland Yard definitely knows it. It came to pass the next morning that we discovered someone else in the household with a flair for staging. I called on ‘downstairs’ to ask when breakfast might be served, only to find the kitchen door firmly shut against me.
“Think carefully, Watson. You did just as I said and did not ask after the Misses Heacham by name?”
She smiled as she placed it in front of her chief tenant with all her usual care. Then she promptly astonished us both by pulling up a chair and sitting down.
"You are well known to be a bachelor, Mr Holmes – to whom the fair sex is as alien as a fire-worshipping Parsee."
We swim in it still, together.
"You know this person?" I asked my friend. Both of them laughed, not precisely unkindly but I could not help but feel nonetheless it was at my expense.
All the morning Holmes stayed where he had gone to some destination on foot, without me. He set me the task of being his eyes and ears, of playing the part of casual visitor, of striking up those easy conversations with strangers, which I take pleasure in and he treats as mere business. At the inn, the grocer, the tobacconist and Mrs Morris’ Pantry (“Tea and a tart, tuppence ha’penny”), I picked up what gleanings I could and took them back to my notebook to thresh them into a neat pile fit to give Holmes when he returned.
Yet so far everything I had was circumstantial.  Those breathless introductions in the stories; the unusual sympathy he extended to victims of blackmail (nine of out ten who came to us were inverts either confessed or deduced); the latitude I had observed in his reading: none of it weighed enough in the scale. None of it was worth a tenth of what a minute's honest conversation could have offered me. And all I believed I knew was that he
We did not go at once to Canonbury Grove, but sat over lunch, plotting.
He should not have been who he is, otherwise. I should not have been who I am if I did not know how much he was offering, and what it cost him to do it, to speak of it at all. That precious gift of understanding, and the promise to entertain more, I accepted with a full heart. He is not a calculating machine, whatever Doyle may say. That is a reputation written on sand, and I knew that the tide would come in. As, in the fullness of time, it did.
the owner of the Koh-i-Noor .
“I  do so swear, so help me…Holmes!”
Head in his hands, he broke down and wept like a child. Watson patted his shoulder whilst I waited, impatient, for the truth to come calling.
We headed out on foot again, this time towards the river wharves and a square of low, weather-boarded sheds with a slipway cutting through its centre. A stooping figure emerged, wiping oily hands on a rag. As with Holmes at the chandler’s, redistribution rather than removal was the overall result, and nothing short of a steam laundry could have removed the soot that lined every crease in his face and rimmed his hairline.
"Make haste then, for we must either walk the length of Upper Street and all the chief streets between there and Highgate Hill enquiring in every solicitor's office for our man, or brave the guard dogs of the Law Society. Which to choose? Pilgrimage or siege?"
“I believe those are my hives, sir, not to mention my land. And who might you be?”
“Spot of plantarfascial strain. The only cure is rest.  Best lie up here for a bit, old man. I’ll ring for tea.”
“Lie down before you fall down. On the couch.”
"A brute and a coward," he growled - then, catching my eye, subsided. "Throwing overarm."
VERY WELL STOP INFORM YOUR CLIENT I SHALL SETTLE STOP NOT A WORD TO MY WIFE STOP
"I must admit, we hadn't looked for a man," the constable reflected. "Puts a whole new complexion on it. Acid being what we in the Force call a woman's weapon – like poison. Wouldn't you say so, Mr Holmes?"
“I did not say I agreed with it, Holmes! It is a fact that prosecutions for obscenity have been brought, and succeeded, where the intention was simply education, or to campaign against anything from Malthusianism to the Roman Catholic Church.  People do hold such views. Perhaps your journalist was only being careful.”
“Good Lord, why didn’t you say? Of course, of course: help yourself.  Under the bed, foot end.”
The moment the handle appeared he knew he was done for. Neatly arranged in a brand new, china chamber-pot were his cigarette case, his magnifier, a white cotton handkerchief and his cut-throat razor.
The world’s only – and even if he were not the only one he would be, without doubt, the greatest – consulting detective introduced his craft to me, as my oldest readers will recall, obliquely, in writing. ‘The Book of Life’ remains ever open to him. At a glance, a thousand tiny clues paint on the canvas of his artist’s mind a portrait of a person’s occupation, state of mind, recent haunts, and what they might want from Sherlock Holmes. It is his signature genius to observe, and at once to know, your deepest desires, even the ones you hide from yourself.
“No mystery. It is the day two souls first meet and see in each other everything that was wanting before; it is the night two bodies first join and find in each other pleasure and peace. Elementary.”
– of caresses
“Sodomy.”
"Not of my chemical experiments."
Violet Hunter sought my friend’s aid four times in all. I have written only of the first and there is no record in England of the last. A man who spends his life following the tracks of others had better take good care to cover his own.
"Wherein lies the beginning of wisdom," Miss de Merville put in gently, before I could roundly agree with him.
A bird-smuggling ring? A gang of rogue gardeners secretly dealing in the opium poppy? No, it was no use trying to make sense of it yet. I must allow myself to be driven hither and thither by the wind, by the cabman and, as ever, by Sherlock Holmes.
A brace of uniformed policemen looked at me sideways as they emerged from the Yard, putting on their helmets. One of them winked at me. He had red hair.
“Magnif’cent. You. Naked. A marvel.”
He was very still.
So as we walked the streets, quiet today without the rumble of market barrows, shouting costers or the tramp of dockers bound for the Surrey Quays, I determined to be at peace with myself and with him, to treat this as a holiday outing, to stop asking direct questions – and to solve the damn puzzle before it was handed me on a dish like a naval treaty.
“Hum. Yes. That’ll do it.”
“Why, therefore,” he mused, as much to himself as to her, “do you feel
Well, others may reap it now. I have laid down my sickle. I keep bees; I live apart from society's scrutiny in a house bounded only by acres of my own land, by flowers and sheep and the sea; and I am protected by the judgement of appearances.
, Holmes?"
He wanted to ask why and when and and what now but the questions were too many, too crowded, too dependent on one another to struggle into the open on their own.
Even as I said the words, I was shrinking in my seat in anticipation of the coming explosion. Silence, or perhaps strangling myself with my own stethoscope, would surely have been preferable.
He pierced me with a glance. He wanted the words and he would have them, before I had him.
***************************************************
“My dear Watson, please make up your mind. If you require flagellation, I regret, I find myself fatigued this evening. Perhaps Thurston will oblige you?”
Never in a hundred.
"It is the custom of ladies," she continued, "to supplement what nature has given them with sundry switches, rats, nets, baskets and braids – made from the shorn hair of other women – cut and plaited, dyed, bleached, curled, pinned and mounted…"
I admit I had some notion that behind the heavy door dripping with moisture and set in an equally wet brick wall up a short lane in Limehouse, would be a gang of Chinese labourers bending over vats and hot irons, and that we would have to converse by signs or find a youngster to translate. Instead the face that broke into a gap-toothed grin at the sight of us was red from the heat where it was not pasty white from lack of sunshine, and from his broad country speech the man’s ancestors might have been at Hastings ‘gainst the Conqueror.
I was dumbstruck. The number of reasons why I could not think of anything to say in response only increased the more I hesitated. Holmes, skating on the thinnest ice of good manners over a vast lake of impatience, waited as he drummed his fingers on the arm of his chair.
“Two or three…?”
“Yes, Mr Holmes. Your razor was in the laundry
“This article, Watson. The author skirts and weaves around the subject like a timorous waiter at a garden party. Listen to this: ‘No decent-minded person can be ignorant of the danger to the budding flowers of our  great nation of corrupting entertainments, of effete, oriental trash masquerading as art, of so-called works of philosophy which are nothing more than conduits for perverse suggestion. They can only weaken moral fibre, compound the natural folly of youth and leave boys lacking what is most necessary to good character: manliness.’ We are no doubt supposed to infer his true subject without putting him to the unendurable trouble of plain speaking.”
He was positively enjoying my confusion but only murmured a warning to keep my voice down. As the carter lifted up our bags I noticed for the first time – so entranced had I been by the signs of spring during our journey to Arlesey – how much luggage he had compared to mine and to his usual habit, which was to take a change of linen or two and trust to luck as to the rest. When we reached the railway station he told me to sit out of sight of the road.
“I prefer a reliable witness,” I said, knowing full well that many of his most successful cases had stood square on his deductions, not a witness within sniffing distance.
With infinite care, I sat at one end of the sofa and he put both feet in my lap. If anyone had happened upon us, all but fully clothed and sitting thus, I was only a doctor with his patient. I did not lock the door, as I did even in the middle of the night when he crept up to my room or I down to his. No-one who discovered us could have mistaken what we were up to then.
"It was kind of you, Doctor, all the same," said Kitty now, calm and collected in green cotton velvet and an intricate piled hairpiece of chestnut and gold combined that added a good five inches to her height.  "And kinder still of Miss Violet to set me up here when I was done. I used to do that" – she gestured to the repair battalion – "before
. Never trust someone who doesn’t speak to you straight in plain English.’
"You would do it first and tell me afterwards." There was no heat in it, only the voice of long experience. He tossed a wave of brandy to the back of his throat and regarded me steadily over the rim of his glass. "You have and you are."
"Blackmail? It must always be about crime for you, a distressing tendency which you would do well to curb. That tedious fellow Doyle is pressing you for more sensational serialisations, I suppose?"
On the eighteenth turn of a page, I found it.
The coincidence of it struck me suddenly and I looked closer.
Nor, at that point, on Sherlock Holmes – for, without a word to me, he had disappeared.
Back, as always, to business. What Watson calls my intuition and I, my instinct – dictionary quibbling over the same faculty, a measureless sea across which the boat of deduction strikes out for land – broke over the shore of my brain with a whisper:
Caught a little off balance, he stumbled backwards, righted himself against the chemical table and started to laugh even as he cradled his jaw and inspected his fingers for blood.
“I did not say it to convince you,” said the Reverend Peto, after I had found the situation in the end hive just as he had claimed the bees had told him it was, and was standing there working out how best to get rid of him without fuss. “The bees are not our unthinking slaves, as they know you have sometimes feared, but willing partners in a joint enterprise. In return for our protection they graciously allow us use of their surplus and make our fruit and flowers fertile. It is in all our interests to work in the closest harmony, and shared confidences, I have found, create the most perfect harmony. They want to know more about you, Mr Holmes. You do not have my gift, but fortunately that does not matter. Long association with humanity has made them the best of listeners.”
“Would you let him kiss your mouth, your belly, put his lips round that rosy cock, suck on your fingertips and put them inside him? Would this be your pleasure, John Watson?”
The distinct note of promise, of persuasion, brought me quickly to his side. He had been reading a very dry-looking tome for hours, something to do with the law of evidence, and I had resigned myself to another night alone. We had these dry spells, whole stretches of days in which try as I might he could not be moved to tenderness, let alone passion, by any wiles I possess – and I pride myself on having my fair share.
I gave him just enough room inside the ridiculous, fascinating garment to stop him fainting, for it would never do to waste the least conscious moment of this. Under the hem of his skirts I took off boots and stockings but left the rest. All the while his face was hidden amongst the cushions and he was silent in that ever-watchful way of his – listening, deducing, waiting for the criminal to show his hand. Waiting for danger.
