“You have questions.” The angel stated, his face amused.
I breathe a sigh of relief when no one follows me. Jim and Sebastian would take care of telling Victor about my fake boyfriend, and in a week I'll tell them that we'd broken up. Until then, Sherlock and I would be busy trying to figure out who was killing the students around me, and how we could make them stop.
I sigh. He’s right, of course, and my facial expression must tell him that I’ve given up, because his smirk grows more triumphant.
"Do you consider me mad, Watson?" Sherlock asked.
“Because potential husbands ought to know the worst about each other,” Sherlock snatched the box out of John’s hands rather unceremoniously, opening it up with a smile. A simple platinum band shone from the black velvet lining.
“Yes, perfect.” Sherlock said, grabbing John’s hand and pulling him from the room before they could be stopped.
Sherlock had never much wanted a human, but now that he had one, he was pleased. This human that he managed to acquire was fascinating as well. A soldier and a doctor, he was a man with nerves of steel. John even attempted to throw a punch at Sherlock as soon as they got to Sherlock’s realm, which made him laugh.
“What about Anthea?”
“Hello!” She shouted, earning a few glances from nearby officers. “I would like to report a crime!”
Guilt replaced pleasure on Sherlock’s face, and John missed it instantly.
When the nozzle popped, indicating that the tank was full, Sherlock let out a little hum, replacing the nozzle and petrol cap before grabbing his wallet.
“Life has to end,' she said. 'Love doesn't.”
“I steal souls all the time.” Sherlock huffed.
“That’s why.” The handler said in response to the elder dragon’s first question. “He knows too much, and is far too dangerous.”
"Oh thank god," John’s voice floated from above. "I was worried about you!"
It looks like Greg can cross number three off of our list; Sebastian had snapped.
Sherlock could see John glance over at him from the corner of his eye, but he refused to expand on his thought. He chose instead to change the topic, focusing on his career rather than his family life.
"I can't believe you tried to arrest a jellyfish," John laughed, leaning against the wall.
“Thank you, but we didn’t ask for your opinion.” Mycroft bit back, shooting the officer a cold glare. The guard rolled his eyes as the Holmes’ filed out slowly, making their way to the entrance of New Scotland Yard.
“Of course it’s me!” Sherlock replied, his deep voice making his flustered state unbelievably sexy. “Who did you think I was?!”
John scowled down at the piece of paper, wondering how many posters Mike had printed.
“Yes. Tell him…tell him I won’t be bothering him anymore.” John said. “Let him know he’ll never have to deal with me again.”
“Terribly so. He was talented at his deductions, even then.” Violet chimed in.
“I did, yes.” John glanced down at the violin before handing it up to Sherlock, who took it without thought. “I want you to play for me.”
"I loathe valentine’s day." Sherlock huffed, glowering at the paper hearts strung along the walls in Higbies.
“It looks like it just scraped my leg,” I reply, looking up at Sherlock. He looks pale, and I reach out to grab his hand.
“The way I see it, Victor Trevor has three things that make him the king of the school.” Greg replies, grabbing a small chalkboard and a tiny nub of chalk barely big enough to write with. “The boys, and girls, who think he’s some sort of sex god. His hair that he religiously maintains, and we can’t forget his little friends.”
“You don’t understand how hard it is.” Sebastian Moran has cornered me in the bathroom the Monday morning after winter break had ended. It doesn’t take a genius to figure out that he’s talking about Victor. Of course, he had called me every day during the break to complain about it as well, so I’m hardly surprised.
"Of course," Sherlock repeated, the oddest feeling in the pit of his stomach. Usually cases sent a thrill of adrenaline rushing through his system, but now Sherlock couldn't be less interested.
"Why are you telling me this?" Sherlock asked. "Not that I don't want to know, but-"
“Yes, Mummy.” Sherlock replied, pulling on a pair of black trousers and a white button up. While it may be the uniform for Higbies, the coffee shop that Sherlock was employed at, it would also serve as an acceptable outfit for the insufferable interview his father was forcing him to go on.
"No," John interrupted. "I'm not going to let one ghost keep me away from school, especially when I haven't done anything wrong."
“I was being nice to the new student.” Carl says, shrugging his shoulders. “Or is it against the rules for me to talk to the new student?”
"Of course it does, it's my gun!" John repeated.
“Mummy? Father? I’m here.” Sherlock called, walking into the grand sitting room, a huge Christmas tree covered in fairy light sat in the corner, gleaming brightly even in well-lit room.
“But I want him.” Sherlock repeated, crossing his arms over his chest.
"I..." John's right hand made an aborted motion, as if to grab the cane he no longer had. "What..."
. The warm bubble that had inflated in Sherlock's chest at John's words popped suddenly. John was waiting for Tom, not Sherlock. Really, the intelligent thing to do right now would be to tell John the truth. Explain how he had been looking for Tom, to give him the scarf,
“Now, what exactly does this have to do with me?” Sherlock diverted topics, his eyes narrowing at the elder Holmes.
Not that I expected him to. Last time I saw him, he had been in the middle of a lovely looking face-sucking contest. I pocketed my mobile, walking down the street rather quickly as I stripped off my cape, taking out my vampire teeth and chucking them in a bin along the side of the road.
avoiding it.”
John was silent for a moment, staring at the ring on Sherlock's hand in contemplation.
“You wouldn’t have believed me. No one did, you know. It’s fine.”
“Please?”
"Hello," the human said, "I'm not supposed to be here, of course, but I assumed you wouldn't mind. My name is Sherlock Holmes."
“Actually, that sounds wonderful.” John said, looping an arm through Sherlock’s. “We’ll be back around lunchtime.”
I watch as Jim practically skips off. Wait…there’s actual skipping. Jim Moriarty literally skips away from me, and all I can do is watch in disbelief. That kid is weird. Nice, but weird. I pull out the bottle of foot crème, and smile pleasantly at it. “Just wait until you see how
“You thought I was paid?” John asked, and Sherlock looked up at him. His face was unreadable; at least, what little he could see of it. The officer, who’s name according to her badge was Donovan, was doing her best to keep him out of Sherlock’s view. “Why?”
“Oh, John.” The curly haired dragon chuckled. “You are
“Now, what was it that you wanted to try?” Otto asked.
I sigh, turning to look at Sherlock. He looks furious at being ignored.
“He gave us back our money after two days.” Violet said, laughing.
"Why would you care if I got a human?" Sherlock asked with a rolled of his eyes. "All dragons have humans."
It was no surprise to anyone that Sherlock quickly became best in his classes. Everything but flying, that was. For some reason, he just couldn't get the knack of it. It was something that his classmates found particularly amusing.
"But you still did well," Sherlock shuffled, unsure of how to proceed. "You fly...good. I can't fly at all."
It was purely by chance that Sherlock managed to find out about the disappearance of Gordon Newartz. He had been reading in the library late that night (far past curfew) when Professor McGonagall came rushing in, looking a bit ruffled. Of course, Sherlock had managed to discover that no one would find him if he tucked himself between the bookshelves and the wall, and he could spend hours longer reading various books. It was beneficial for spying, as well.
"Me either, thanks," Victor said, looking up long enough to flash her a smile. "One of the prefects gave me some Christmas sweets already."
"John." Sherlock looks pained, and he starts to take a step forward.
“No worries, darling.” A faint kiss could be heard, Violet pecking her son on the forehead. “I’ll keep quiet about the ‘M’ word.”
“I…you don’t mind that I have thumbs in the freezer?” Sherlock asked, surprised.
“Sorry, Mummy.” Sherlock said in an appeasing manner, but Mummy was having none of it.
"Mr Holmes, hand over the Merman, and we won't shoot," One of the men called calmly, his voice carrying through the closed windows.
“I need a large one for the potatoes. We eat so many of them!”
“Billy Murray.” He said cheerfully. “You’re new here.”
John’s head was pounding as he woke up, and he groaned, burying his face in his pillow as if it would lessen the pain. Something pressed at his throat, and he lifted his hand, tugging at the leather strapped there.
"Shouldn't you...er..." John waved a hand at the kettle, trying to divert Sherlock's attention.
"You're incorrigible," John sighed. "It's my lab partner, and that's all I'm going to tell you."
Victor made a face at the taste, but swallowed the sweet anyway. "That tasted a bit odd."
“I know you’ll make us proud, John.” My dad says as they pull up in front of St. Bart’s.
Who is this person, and why do they want me to go to the pool? I delete the message, thinking they probably got the wrong number. Less than a minute later, however, I receive another one.
DI Lestrade nodded to himself, scribbling something down on the notepad before looking at me again. "What is the nature of your relationship with Sherlock Holmes?"
“You’re leaving already?” Sebastian asks, and I shrug, trying to look careless.
“Maybe they forgot mine.” Sebastian replies weakly, “I’m sure it was a mistake, and they’ll be coming in to deliver mine from Victor later on.”
They continued around the group, Father receiving warm woollen socks and Mummy being gifted a nice perfume set.
Sheol smiles at his friend-brother, knowing that the likelihood of travelling with them is low. But he agrees with him quietly, if only to appease him.
Sitting down, he managed to catch John's eye. John looked a bit disappointed, but he gave Sherlock a thumbs up anyway.  Sherlock's heart swelled in his chest, pleased that John still wanted to be his friend even if he wasn't a Gryffindor.
“Introductions?” He sneers. “How tedious. Another boring student in this miserable system our government calls
“I don’t care what they think. What do you do as a consulting detective?”
It was no fault of his own that John Watson became the target of a demon; the man had always lived a good life. The people around him, however, were a different story. He had always been on the edge of a certain demon's awareness, flitting around just out of sight. One soul exchange in the middle of a seedy pub changed all that.
!” John interrupted, clawing at his hair. Mary was silent for a moment before speak, her tone scornful.
Otto was dead.
“Three…what?” I blurt out, shaking my head in confusion. “I haven’t even slept with a girl.”
Sherlock lowered John into the boot, and John took a quick gulp of water, feeling relieved. He folded himself into the tight space, peering up at Sherlock gratefully.
“At the time?” Mummy asked, raising her eyebrow.
“You kidnapped me because your boyfriend dumped you?”
“Oh, they’re incredibly upset with me. Wouldn’t say one word the whole night.” Sherlock said. “But we’re fine, otherwise. How about you?”
it means…shy, timid. What on
"We'll have to be quick," Sherlock said. "My brother has inevitably noticed the absence of one of his cars by now."
"You'll see," Bill replied.
“And you’re okay with that?”
It's my birthday and I'll cry if I want to. You would cry too if you
If John thought his day couldn’t get any worse, he was wrong. Sure, the dead ex-boyfriend of Jim might be standing right behind him, but looking up to see Sherlock standing in front of him, fingers still laced with Jim’s, made things so much worse.
“Ta. Yeah, my team worked hard, didn’t they? Listen I gotta-”
Two guards came around the corner before John had the chance to respond, their guns trained on his heart. The handler sighed slightly, then nodded once at the elder dragon. “Alright, we’re ready to fill out paperwork for the human.”
Everything we try doesn’t seem to be working. Sherlock still seems to be totally in love with Victor, so much so that he barely talks to me anymore, and the idea of turning the Plastics against Victor seems to be fruitless. A month after the Halloween party, and all we had managed to do was make Victor’s hair smell minty.
“Was that Greg Lestrade and Mike Stamford?” Victor asks when he reaches me. “Why were they talking to you?”
"Yes." Sherlock's reply was clipped.
“You can see me?” He asked, his lightly accented voice soft. It was a deeper sound than John was expecting, and it took him a few seconds to recover.
"Oh good," John beamed up at him. "Because I'd very much like to take you on a proper date."
"Friends?" Sherlock said, blinking rapidly. But John didn’t hear him, already racing away.
"You don't mind?" John asked, already half out of his chair.
Sherlock studied him, not saying anything, and John took that as his cue to stop talking. He sighed, slumping down into his seat as he turned towards the window, watching London pass by. It wasn’t long until they arrived at the crime scene, Sherlock getting out of the cab with a dramatic swirl of his coat and tail. John followed him, absently noting that he wasn’t wearing a leash. It would be pointless to try and escape, of course, as surrounded as he was, but it was surprising. It hadn’t been even twenty four hours since he made his last attempt at escaping.
"John?" Victor frowned. "John who?"
“I know that look.” Stamford said. “You want his blood.”
"My ride is here." Sherlock sighed, pocketing the phone once more.
Sherlock Holmes?!" John sat up, looking excited. "Christ, but the way my rugby mates were talking about you, you seemed so scary."
“An excellent idea.” Cain grinned, his gaze flickering in the direction of his impressive garden. “How long do we have?”
“Remember, be here by six!” Mummy said quickly, and Sherlock hummed in acknowledgment before hanging up his phone, shooting the skull on his mantelpiece a weary look.
Sherlock grabbed the rubbish bag, tying the top in a knot before heading for the back door, heading out into the cold without even a coat on.
"Sherlock..."
he thought.
“Thank you, John.” Sherlock says, trying to catch his breath, “for everything. Thank you.”
“Was it really so bad?” Sherlock’s voice is laced with amusement.
“Shut up, Mycroft.” Sherlock said, and John quickly added the strange name to his inventory. “You’re being particularly idiotic today.”
“John Watson is a kind, forgiving man, and he’s the only reason that you’re aren’t going to spend five more years in prison.” She continued fiercely. “If it were up to me, you would be in there for a long time.”
“Well,
"How long have you known him for?" John asked.
“Oh yay!” A cheery voice breaks me out of my current state of hyperventilation. “They’re back together!”
“Food always helps me think.” I offer helpfully. “Maybe we can think at my house? Mum made chocolate chip cookies yesterday.”
I am afraid to say that I will not be leaving.” Sherlock returned his grin with a smirk of his own. “So you are lucky enough to be stuck with
“So tell me, how did you meet my son?” Siger asked as they drove along the icy roads.
"You can still." Moriarty grinned, standing up at last, walking towards them. He stopped next to John, surveying him coldly. "I'll grant you, your human is pretty. Such a backstory too, a soldier, a rebel. But he's nothing more than a dull human."
"No, but going on a date with them is considered flirting," Sherlock huffed.
“Yes, and you stole my heart along with it.”
“First time using product?” Sherlock asked, glancing up at my hair, which I am sure was sticking up all over the place.
John Watson had been shot. John Watson had been unprotected because Sherlock had been in a meeting with Mycroft and Greg, and he had been
“Hi, I’m John Watson.” I say with a grin. Sherlock grimaces at me as if I’ve made a fashion faux-pas. Which I might have, I don’t really know.
"Or know everything about you on sight," Molly added unhelpfully.
I nod, completely mortified. I highly doubt it would matter if Victor knew or not. I would never be seen as competition to the tall brunette boy. I glance over, surprised to see Sherlock walking towards our little group, though I shouldn’t have been. Greg and Mike told me that Sherlock eats here when he, you know, deigns to eat.
"Oh?" Irene looked interested now, and leaned forward. "Who is it?"
"Thank you," Sherlock blurted out rather suddenly.
With that, Sherlock swept out of the room, disappearing through a door at the bottom of the stairs.
“Maybe.” John said. “Does that make you jealous or something?”
“No?”
“That would be great, ta.” John took a bite of sausage, nearly choking on it when Sherlock walked through the door. The man looked unfairly good with his tousled hair still damp from the shower. Curls hung across his forehead almost artfully, and John had to force himself to look away before he was caught staring. The man may be gorgeous, but he was still a kidnapper.
“I know all that,” John laughed, “Why are you telling me this?”
“No he isn’t.” I insist. “Loads of people adore you, and anyone would fall in love with you if given the chance!”
I can’t help but chuckle, and I stand, offering my hand to Sherlock. He accepts, and I pull him up quickly.
“Third option it is then.” The blond growled, swinging Lestrade over his shoulder. Sherlock watched the blond dart off, Lestrade over his shoulder, his silver hair waving in the wind. He waited until the pair vanished before turning to punch the brick wall next to him, leaving a sizable crack.
“Um…excuse me?” A soft voice interrupted, causing both Sherlock and Molly to jump. The blond man with the frumpy jumper stood there, looking vaguely amused, and Sherlock noted distantly that he was much handsomer than he had originally thought. “I was wondering if I could order my coffee.”
a real job.” Sherlock insisted.
"We have to stop meeting like this," Jim teased, sounding out of breath. "What was the matter?"
“Victor is nice.” I repeat for what seems to be the millionth time since I’ve met Greg. “And I’ve been to Victor’s house before.”
“So dramatic.” Sherlock murmured.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Of course I have to," Sherlock said, as if his actions weren't monumental.
Sherlock wrapped his blue robe around his shoulders, tying the sash tightly before leaving the bunkroom himself. Grabbing the key to Molly’s car from his hiding spot in the freezer, Sherlock made his way outside.
“Dang it, I forgot milk.” Mike pouts at his lunch tray. “This is a tragedy of epic proportions. How am I supposed to eat my lunch without milk?”
"You can see me," Sebastian said, "I knew I wasn't going crazy when you looked at me yesterday!"
“No no no.” Jim agrees with Sebastian, his normally pleasant demeanour gone. “You can’t like Sherlock Holmes, that’s Victor’s ex.”
“Just one. What is your name?” Sheol blurted out.
“I don’t
Anger worse than Sheol had ever seen passed over Cain’s face, and before Sheol could stop him, Cain had picked up a rock, throwing it as hard as he could at his brother.
Kublai Khan, fourth son of Tolui, grandson of Genghis Khan, was a powerful man indeed. Sheol had seen his work as he reaped souls, admiring the man’s strength from afar. He had come up close and personal to the leader when he took the soul of Chabi, his favourite wife.
“Hush John.” Sherlock replied. “Don’t worry about the mechanics. Let’s start off simple, shall we?”
"Sure, yeah. A date would be fantastic," John agreed, a small smile forming at the loud scoff from Sherlock.
“Why?” Sherlock asked, curiosity unmistakeable in his tone.
“Mycroft is your brother?” He asked, looking between Mycroft and Sherlock in surprise.
“So who are you giving this advice to?” John snorted. “Jim or I? Because we both seem to have the same predicament.”
“Why?” Sherlock was nervous again.
"Sherlock!" The gruff voice belonging to Angelo cried. "It's good to see you again."
“Are you expecting to see a death threat on there or something?” I ask, causing Sherlock to snort. “Because that would be really stupid of the murderer…and I don’t think the police are that oblivious.”
“Johnny!” Jim gasps. “You like her, don’t you?!”
"Shut up," Sherlock said with no real bite, colour rising on his cheekbones. He turn in place, carrying John out the door where he entered.
“Not at all.” John shook his head. “I’m just ready to go home and relax.”
Sherlock sucked in a breath, his words faltering at the look on John's face. Instead of anger or disgust, he saw something akin to awe.
Shuffling from the other room could be heard, and John made his way into the room before he could be discovered eavesdropping.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sherlock, please come home.” Mummy begged, her hologram fading in and out as he travelled further from home.
“Carl Powers.” Sherlock says, turning to me. There is an excited glint in his eyes that knocks the breath out of me. “He was murdered.”
“You want to see me?” Sherlock guessed, surprised when John nodded. “Why on earth why you want to see me? No one wants to see me.”
"He has a point," Sherlock said with a shrug. "You all are babbling nonsense at him, rather than asking him scientific questions." Sherlock glanced up at the creature, who was watching him steadily. The corner of his mouth twitch slightly as if he were going to smile at Sherlock, before thinking better of it.
"John!" Sherlock broke off the kiss after a moment, terror quickly setting in. After what had happened to Otto…
Sherlock’s second slave, gifted to him at the age of thirteen, served him for about two weeks before he grew bored of him. Victor followed Sherlock around incessantly even when he had demanded that the human should leave him alone. The breaking point had been when Victor hid in his master’s room to see his human form. Sherlock had gotten so angry that he nearly scorched the terrified boy. Not that it was uncommon for slaves to see the human form of dragons, as both Anthea and Greg had seen his as well as Mycroft’s, but Sherlock didn’t trust this human to view his yet.
"Love you?" John said, grinning up at him. His posture seemed relaxed, but Sherlock could read the fear in John's eyes. "Yeah, I really do."
Thank god my parents were out of the city for the weekend. They had gone to visit grams and gramps, and had approved of me inviting a few friends over. This was probably not what they had in mind.
"I don't have friends," Sherlock replied automatically, a bit of a bite in his tone.
Sherlock gave a hum of acknowledgment, barely registering the soft
John looked over at Sherlock, who looked like he desperately needed some time away from his family, and nodded.
"Sherlock..."
"You saw all that?" John asked, glancing down at himself.
“That was
There was a soft gasp behind him, and Sherlock turned to see Molly standing there, looking devastated.
“Nearly.” I smile at the surprised look on Sherlock’s face. “Harry is short for Harriet.”
"Do I, now?" John grinned up at Sherlock, who proceeded to blush furiously.
John turned to find the source of the voice, and swallowed thickly when he saw him. The man was six feet of gorgeous, lean muscles, dark curls, and mischievous smiles.
"He asked me to
“When I’m lucky. Sometimes it’s just a petty burglar.” Sherlock replied, looking proud of himself.
"You okay?" John hissed, as he assessed the damaged to his shoulder. Bleeding and bruised, but at least both their skulls remained intact.
With a sick feeling in his stomach, Sherlock unwrapped his second gift. He knew what it was, but he desperately hoped that he was wrong. He never
"Hilarious," he said drily.
A screech of tyres grabbed John's attention, and he looked up to see the cab wheeling around and racing at them once more.
If only he could ignore his guilt.
"Ah, you expected something more exciting," John's mouth quirked into a small grin. "I picked it myself. My birth name is a bit complicated for the human tongue."
"Perhaps it was cruel coming to you, as I was the object of your unrequited affection long ago, but I thought you could help me work through this."
"Sometimes it ends in death," Sherlock replied shortly.
“Oh my god, I love your jumper! Where did you get it?” The tall brunette says, his eyes focused on me.
"Ah, yes," Sherlock nodded knowledgeably. "Jeanette, you can- what do you mean, latest ex?"
“A play off ‘Sheol,’ naturally.” Sherlock’s voice was bored, “I adopted a few letters from my past…clients. Now, you didn’t call me here to discuss my name choices, did you?”
"I'm going to be honest, I don't have anything planned," John said after a moment, pulling his hand out of Sherlock's. "I didn't think you'd show."
"Who broke up with you?" Jim blinks, looking at Victor in confusion.
“That’s of little consequence. Yesterday is still the past.”
“John…I miss you.”
"I...well, we're friends," I say, and I can feel my face growing hot. "Well, maybe more than friends? We haven't really defined it yet, I suppose. We kissed?"
"I have had enough for the day, Molly," Sherlock said, sounding weary. "I came to you because I thought you would understand how I felt, this...unrequited feeling."
“Yes, I do.” Sherlock confirmed, turning to look at his servant. “That means I have no use for you anymore. You have served me well these past six years, and I shall honour you for them.”
A terrible lie, and judging by the gleam in Angelo's eyes, it was obvious, but he gave a hearty chuckle and slapped Sherlock's shoulder.
"With high cheekbones and curly dark hair," John added, looking slightly miserable. "That's what Mike told me at least."
Sherlock chuckled, turning back around and letting out a sort of choking noise at what John was wearing.
“Oh, don’t you worry about that, dear.” Violet said. “I can take care of dinner, you two need some alone time. Go have a stroll, enjoy each other.”
“So, planning on drugging me again?” John asked as soon as he saw Sherlock, heading down the stairs. There was a door behind the dragon that was open, and John got a quick glimpse into a sitting room with busy wallpaper and a skull on the mantelpiece before Sherlock lead him down another flight of stairs.
John rolled his eyes, looking down at his hands. “I’m not proud of their deaths, if that’s what you’re alluding to. But that dragon had just killed my best friend, Bill Murray, and I was so
"You have finally found each other." A warm voice said, and Sherlock turned to see the Shining One standing there, a fond look on his face. "I was beginning to worry."
“I have many names. I am an arc-angel, beloved by The Shining One.” The angel’s smile softened lightly. “But you may call me Mycroft.”
This is it, the final chapter. This moment is so incredibly bittersweet. Insatiable was the first ever fanfiction I started, and I was so nervous to have people read my writing. When this fic got kudos, I cried, and when it got over 10 I cried again. I knew that as soon as I hit 30 kudos that it wouldn't get over that, but you all continue to surprise me with your support. I re-read the first chapter of this fic just the other day, and I can see the improvement in my writing. It's only because of you wonderful people that any of my other fics got off the ground. I love you all so so so much, and I cannot begin to tell you how much you all mean to me.
"Wait...
“No, I never was.” Mycroft admitted. “She is my assistant, no more.”
“I have come to bring you home.” Mycroft said, glancing over at John with disdain. “These creatures are primitive life forms. They would attempt to study you if they discovered what you were.”
“Leave me alone, I did nothing wrong.” Cain cried. “Go away!”
“We must prepare for his visit.” Sheol said, his smile mirroring the younger man’s. “And I suggest you two take the time to find a gift.”
“Er…yeah. The whole cafeteria.” I say. “Not that most of them paid much attention, mind. I’m nothing more than the new kid.”
John looked as if he were going to say something else, but decided against it. He gave a small wave instead, a sad smile on his face.
“I will, yes.” The DI replied. “Now go, before you cost me my job.”
Sherlock stared at her for a few seconds before rising jerkily, darting off towards the stairs. The four of them watched him go in shock.
There was something that Mycroft was concealing, but Sherlock thought better than to bring it up at that moment, agreeing quietly to be present at the master ceremony.
“I’m not a nice person.” Sherlock agreed softly. “But my mother is happy. That is my only intention in all of this. As soon as Christmas is over, I’ll never darken your doorstep again.”
"You would."
“But this was far more exciting.” Sherlock chuckled, reaching out to smooth down my fringe. I freeze, and Sherlock seems to come to his senses, pulling his hand away quickly.
Jim turned to look, a small smile crossing his face at the sight of John, which then fell off his face as John ran straight into him, knocking him out of the way of the cab. John managed to twist them just in time so that their shoulders scrapped against the pavement.
"It is?" John was confused now.
The glass began to crack under the assault, shattering the glass on his fourth or fifth hit. The water poured in, knocking Sherlock backwards into the other door. A pair of strong arms encircled him, pulling him out of the car.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Why are you taking me to The Wall?" Sherlock asked as they strolled.
“Christ! Sorry.” I apologise, pulling myself off the boy. I flush in embarrassment when I realise who I ran into.
Scowling at himself, Sherlock made his way to a side door that blended in with the wall. He turned the knob discreetly, please to find the door give way. A quick inspection showed that it locked from the inside, and that it led immediately outside.
“Sherlock! John! So fantastic to see you.” Victor crows, placing an arm around my shoulders. Victor is a football star, unsurprisingly, and his cleats only serve to make him taller.
," Irene said, looking like the cat that got the cream.
“A blond doctor?” Sherlock asked incredulously. “That’s unheard of.”
“My fiancée?” John asked, looking blank.
"The disappearance, of course!" Sherlock said, tapping his foot. "I can't get it out of my head. I know it wasn’t an accident."
"Why not?" John shrugged. "You're brilliant, charming, and handsome. I know you don't really like me all that much, so I won't take it personally-"
“Just because you didn’t see me doesn’t mean I didn’t come,” Sherlock said, looking up at the taller boy. Sherlock had grown quite a bit in the months that he had been tutoring John, and now he was only a few inches shorter than the older boy.
"You did plenty of that when we first started dating," Sherlock rolled his eyes, but he was unable to keep a pleased smile from tugging at his lips.
"You said 'a bit different from my day'," Sherlock replied. "Now which was it? Afghanistan or Iraq?"
“You can sleep in my room tonight.” John said after they finished, wiping his forehead.
not to trust her with such an important secret.
“Oh, Victor!” Mummy sighed softly. “You look
“I…thank you, master.” Stamford looked overjoyed, tucking his bleeding wrist against his arm. “I am forever in your debt.”
"Unfortunately there isn't a lot I can do. Any trace that would have been left behind is long gone." Sherlock said.
“Pardon?” John spluttered slightly.
“And then he bought that horrible skull.” Violet sighed, shaking her head. “Called him ‘Billy’.”
Sherlock froze in his circuit, trying to decide if he had imagined John's words. "I'm...sorry?"
“Yeah, his name is Sherlock Holmes. He’s brilliant, and also a psychopath.” Mike rolls his eyes.
“Sarah…”
“You don’t think it was me, do you.” I ask, panicking slightly. “I was here the whole time!”
"Sorry, new in town," He answered at last, "I was debating on grabbing a coffee, but I realised I left my wallet at home."
“I am afraid your sister tried to sell her soul. It was worthless, so she offered yours in exchange.” Sherlock walked towards John, towering over the sitting blond. “If you refuse, your sister’s soul shall be destroyed.”
John smiled at the watch, now secured firmly on his wrist. "I got you another present."
“Oh, I do hope he’s brought Anthea. She was such a sweetheart.” Mummy practically chirped, peering out the window as well. The lack of Mycroft’s girlfriend, however, was instantly apparent.
John nodded once, using his arms to lift his body out of the water. Once his caudal fin had cleared the surface, he swung his body around, lowering himself over the side.
One of the cops came over. She was black with dark, curly hair, and she looked like she meant business. Mary liked the look of her instantly.
hoped you would be joining us.”
“A miss Mary Morstan?”
“Dr Watson, Mr Sherlock Holmes.” Stamford said by way of introduction. Though he was slightly annoyed by being ignored, he stuck out a hand to Dr Watson, shaking it firmly.
“Shut up!” Cain pushed Abel away, “you’ve always been jealous of me! You’re jealous because I’m better, you’re jealous because I’m older, you’re jealous because Sheol is closer to me!”
"Why would it-
"And you think
“So, are you saying that you aren’t put on this earth to save me?” John questioned.
Now that he was in his mid-twenties, he spent most of his time spying on humans, listening to their conversations and trying to learn their odd language. Sometimes, when he felt really daring, he would have a bit of fun, splashing the humans and watch as they tried to logically explain what they had seen.
“I have the address.” Molly said, standing up and grabbing her copy of
“I’m not talking to you like you’re my peer.” John argued. “I’m talking to you like someone that’s
“Nifty?” Victor turns to Sebastian, annoyance and disgust on his face. “What the hell is ‘Nifty’?”
Mycroft sat primly at the Slytherin table on the far end of the hall. The other Slytherins clustered around him, but Mycroft paid them no mind. He focused his entire attention on Sherlock instead, looking strangely...proud, and Sherlock figured he was seeing things.
"Nothing!"
'John Watson is Bi' was painted in proud black, the letters larger than life as it covered the entire expanse of The Wall. When John was certain enough people had seen the message, he gave them a cheeky wave and disappeared, glad that he had a summer between him and his next classes.
“Not one.” Sherlock confirmed, and John beamed at him again, causing Sherlock’s stomach to do an odd sort of flip that wasn’t entirely unpleasant.
"And I'm not?" John asked.
Sherlock made a pleased sound before bending low, inhaling the clean scent of copper and pinecones. The smell of scotch was an interesting addition, and completely natural. Lestrade had been drinking beer of course, but the overwhelming smell of alcohol resided primarily in his mouth. The muted scotch smell permeated everything, a welcome kick to blood that would be overly sweet otherwise.
rugby captain, Mr popular, and current occupant of Sherlock's every thought who was staring up at him, looking absolutely miserable.
“Amazing” The word made Sherlock freeze in place, and he stared at John for a full seven seconds before it fully registered in his mind.
In front of him there was a shock of blond-going-grey hair, and Sherlock grinned, quickly hiding himself. While most people saw right through Sherlock, John had discovered how to
"Oh, you're no fun," Sherlock said, his voice fonder than he had intended. He stood up from his spot, swinging down so that he was on the floor next to John's tank. "They're going to be letting people in any minute now. Are you alright?"
“I am?”
John didn't notice the posters at first. In fact, it wasn't until Friday afternoon that he bothered to read one.
“Oh, come on.” Jim huffs, a pretty pout on his face. “It’ll be fun, I promise. I’ll try not to flirt too much, I promise.”
“Then take me.” Sheol said. “I don’t want to perform this job anymore.”
“You don’t want to terrify the poor humans the first day, do you?” Mycroft drawled, not bothering to look at Sherlock’s smirking face. Clearly that was
An owl, annoyed at his action, nipped at his ankle. It didn't draw blood, but only just.
"There aren't any," Sherlock agreed, "Lestrade..."
“John is a good man.” Sherlock agreed softly. “I apologise for all the hurt I have caused the both of you.”
On top of the paper, John recognized Mike's hasty scrawl:
his company.
“Or Sargent Sally Donovan.” The woman chimed in, shaking Anderson’s hand as well. “Thank you for your time.”
“I see that. And such wonderful gifts.” The Shining One looked at their gifts now. “Thank you Cain for your vegetables. You’re harvesting pleases me.” The Shining One said politely, turning to Abel’s gifts. “Abel, did you use the best of your livestock?”
I grab my mobile, punching in Greg’s number. It barely has a chance to ring before he picks up.
“Mmm, yes. His name is Raphael. Watch for him. Then your name shall be complete.”
"I just...thank you," John reached out and grabbed Sherlock's hand. "For everything."
"Wait...how did you know I was a doctor?"
to work in the government." Sherlock reminded his parents. "I like my job as consulting detective."
"Yes you should," Molly said. "Oh, and Sherlock?"
John watched Mrs Hudson leave, waiting until he heard her heels at the bottom of the stairs before turning to his father.
"Now, John-"
After the sacrifice, Sheol waits for Abraham and Isaac to leave before turning to the angel.
“I do not see the souls once they move on.” Sheol explained slowly.
"Do what, Molly?" Sherlock asked, feeling broken. "Tell him that I'm in love with him? I kidnapped him, for god’s sake. He was polite and everything, but I can't do that."
him!"
On this day, August 31st, in 1990, a child by the name of Robottko was born. It was decreed that every year on her birthday, she shall update every fanfiction that is a WIP. So, it is with great honor that I present to you this update.
“Of course, darling.” Mummy replied, earning herself a glare from her husband.
Sherlock waited all day, and a great deal of the night before deciding to return back to Baker Street. He had briefly considered not returning home at all, but he quickly reasoned that it would not be easier to return to an empty flat in the daylight versus at night.
"Good luck."
He had received his first human at the age of ten years old. The slave, a human named Greg, was promptly declared a complete bore, then given to his elder brother, Mycroft. Mycroft already had a slave, of course. A pretty girl that Mycroft had named Anthea had been serving him for seven years already, and Mycroft had stated on several occasions that Anthea could do the work of twenty slaves, and that he would never need a second one. Sherlock could tell Anthea was pleased when Greg came to work for Mycroft, however, though she never would have admitted it.
"Why did you tell me you were Tom?" John burst out, his eyes narrowed in anger.
Sherlock paused, clearly choosing his words carefully before responding. “Your soul will not be destroyed, however, you will not be allowed to leave my realm.”
“Can I talk to you Sherly?” He asks, his lip pouting slightly. Sherlock quirks an eyebrow at Victor.
always read it.” Sherlock said, looking affronted. John looked over at Sherlock for the first time since he had put the angel on the top of the tree. He looked completely hurt, and John felt even guiltier.
“Guilty.” He chuckles. “Don’t look so surprised, John.”
“He’s never taken a pet before.” The dragon hissed with interest. “And a terrorist as well, how sweet.”
Mycroft looked like he already knew the answer to that question, but John ignored him, heading straight back into the house. He peeked around every corner, making sure Sherlock wasn’t waiting for him, then headed straight for a toilet, locking himself in.
“They’re all idiots.” Sherlock huffs as they turn us away once more. “When I’m a detective, I’ll have full access to the crime scenes, and no one will ignore me.”
“I’m a consulting detective.” Sherlock told John. “I believe it is customary for the boyfriend to know the ins and outs of their significant other’s life. Since I can read yours just by looking at you, you don’t have to worry about informing me of your career.”
Six years later, he took Kublai’s favourite son, Zhenjin.
“You idiot.” Sherlock hissed, grabbing John’s coat and yanking him back from the ledge. “Do you have a death wish?”
"Love is a much more vicious motivator," He mumbled to himself, glancing over towards the door. That was when he saw it.
Sherlock allowed himself to be ushered out halfway through the day. John looked visibly stricken when he was led away, but Sherlock could only shake his head.
as a form of self-defence, not humans." Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Your stupidity is astounding today."
"Yes, far too many." John agreed.
"I don't believe you would do it either," Lestrade shook his head, "But with the overwhelming evidence already against you, I have to take you in."
“Ta,” John said with a grin, shooting a wink at Sherlock before sitting down. “Now I want to see what you got for Christmas. Come on, open up!”
“Tell me. Please?”
"What?" I ask dumbly, staring up at Jim in confusion. He's a few inches taller than me, and my seated position in my cell wasn't helping matters. I look around, noticing that all the guards that had been there earlier have disappeared. "Where are all the officers?"
"He called me amazing, Molly," Sherlock said. "I told him his life story, and he called me amazing."
And the people wouldn't leave no matter what John did. He tried banging on the glass, glaring at them, and splashing them, but they only seemed to enjoy it.
“I…who are you?” John blurted out, blinking at the form in front of him. Righteous anger poured from him, and John couldn’t contain a shiver.
John had never been one to follow the rules, even as a young Mer. The other Merfolk watched with dismay as John treated the rules like a checklist, hopping from one activity to the next.
“None of his other clothes were gone!” Sherlock grinds out, looking extremely annoyed. “It’s obviously murder, and all of you are too idiotic to notice!”
“Are you really that upset that I rejected Molly?” Sherlock asked after a moment of silence, London thrumming around them as they walked the crowded streets.
Sherlock obliged, chuckling the whole way home.
“Fine. Dinner.”
“Wrong.” Sherlock called out, smirking as the DI jumped. Their eyes met, and he got a brief glance of annoyance and shock before professionalism took over on the other man’s face.
“Ugh.” Molly wrinkled her nose, grabbing the metal cup they used to steam milk, pouring skim milk into it. “You’re bringing
"Doctor John Watson," Sherlock confirmed, shaking his hand.
Sherlock Holmes was one year younger, and about a thousand times smarter than John. Not that John needed help during lab, but his rather easy on the eyes table mate made the experience so much better.
"Molly talks about him a
They followed Lestrade out of the room and down the hall, compensating so none of the dragons on the force could overhear. When they got a suitable distance away, Lestrade whirled around, fixing John with a stare.
“So,” John began, plopping down and grabbing a cookie, taking a large bite. “We each need to write a Christmas list.”
“You’re kidding, right?” Greg shakes his head. “Victor Trevor is
“This is your chance to put all that detective nonsense behind you.” Father responded, sound far more cheerful than he had a minute previous. “A fresh new start. Make us proud, son.”
“The idea of marriage mates one body to another. But in heaven, it isn’t just our bodies, but our souls as well.”
"This conversation is growing to be pedantic," Sherlock replied coldly. "Get out of my flat."
John knew that he should be concerned that Sherlock could say those words with that much joy, but the excitement that began to well up in his own stomach shut him right up.
“Well, yes.” Victor said, his grin becoming more amused. “Though I didn’t want to be the one to say it. Thanks, love.”
"I didn't guess," Sherlock sniffed. "I knew. I investigated a murder where the corpse has similar markings to yourself. When I questioned the family, they mentioned that he had been in a boating accident years before. They weren't exactly the same, of course, which is why I also suggested the possibility of coral wounds."
"Thank you, Molly," Tom replied softly, glancing over at Sherlock. "This isn't...err..."
Robottko
enjoying being able to see him; it might encourage bad behaviour. “I had hoped that our parting would last longer than a day.”
“You have to go.” Greg says at once, and I raise my eyebrow. “To see Victor in his natural habitat. You’ll see what he’s really like.”
"Wait...really?" John asked, grinning up at him.
“No?”
“An astounding deduction.” Mycroft sneered, though Sherlock could see the worry behind the mask. “Really, some of your best work yet.”
"Yes, you did," Sherlock interrupted. "No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't pull his soul out."
John almost cried when the humans were forced to leave, the silence blissful after the hours of staring. He had hoped that Sherlock would come back to see him, but he had yet to show up.
"But it seems so lonely," John said.
, Lestrade let Sherlock onto a crime scene; mostly because Sherlock wouldn't stop pestering him, but it didn't hurt that he found Sherlock's elder brother cute, either. Sherlock had solved it in under fifteen minutes, leaving the police officers plenty of time to evacuate when he deduced that the murderer had also planted a bomb under the crime scene to get rid of any evidence. Sherlock was a hero, and New Scotland Yard held a press conference to honour him.
“What is your name?” John asked quickly, watching Sherlock stand.
"Welcome to Angelo's," Angelo interrupted, beaming. "It's on the house, anything off the menu!"
“Your favourite Christmas,” John repeated patiently. “I am sure you have one.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, taking a large bite of goose. His own plate was now piled high with food, though he doubted he would eat it all.
A cab was speeding down the road, going much faster than John had ever seen. He glanced at the driver, his stomach dropping when he saw Sebastian Moran sitting behind the wheel, eyes fixed on Jim.
“A demon. Yes, I’ve already told you this. Do keep up.”
"Oh, but you were planning to cure me of my limp? A limp, mind you, that no physical therapist could figure out?" John asked, a large grin still left over from his laughing.
"No thank you," Sherlock squeaked. His broom shook a bit, and John reached out to steady it.
“That was amazing!” I said, laughing slightly. “You got everything right. How did you know all that stuff?”
“Yorkshire.” Detective Inspector Lestrade repeated thoughtfully.
“No worries, Mummy and father have no idea.” Mycroft said. “Small mercies.”
"Trust issues," Sherlock repeated rapidly. "You have trust issues. Your rugby friends found out about your sexuality the same way everyone did. Your false bravado by announcing it on The Wall fooled most students, but the slight tremor in the lines suggested otherwise. You also chose to do it before classes let out for the summer, distancing yourself from the revelation. Your posture on the first day of school confirmed this, as you kept more to yourself until you realised no one was condemning you for your sexuality."
“No, he wouldn’t have been. Only
“Haven’t you left yet?” Violet asked, annoyance clear in her voice. Nearby, Sherlock could hear Molly explaining his little talent to the customer. “Oh, that’s just something he does. It’s pretty neat, actually…oh shoot, we’re out of regular coffee beans…”
"If you're asking me if I was ever a human, the answer is no," Sherlock said.
Guess who's trash? I am trash! I apologize for the long delay, but I have good news! This fic will be my only focus until its finished. So no more 9 month long waits between chapters!
The pale man smirked, standing up in what John assumed was an intimidating gesture. "I am known as Sherlock, and I am here about your sister."
"I didn't know, I saw." Sherlock said stiffly. The conversation was quickly becoming tedious, and Sherlock hadn't had anything to drink in two weeks, but he ignored the burn, hoping for an easy meal. "Simple, really. You're comfortable here, everyone knows you and they know how you take your drink. It's not as though you come here while you’re happy, however. They're used to seeing you sad, they would have shown at least a little concern if you had shown up looking down. You fiddle with your wedding ring quite a bit; unhappy marriage, most likely a cheating wife. Something happened today to cause you to drink more, however. You were doing well mentally after chugging down two pints of beer, but after the third one, you started to get sloppy. So you’re used to drinking, but not used to that much in such a short period of time. This is something that is related to what normally causes your marriage problems, but worse. Wife left you. Simple." Sherlock takes a breath of air, looking bored.
“Too late, you said it. You’ve committed the worst of pun crimes.” I say, and I am rewarded with a quick twitch of his lips. “I met your boyfriend today.”
Obtaining a high power telescope is rather easy when one is the prince of a whole planet. Of course, he wasn't allowed to use it for a sun cycle as punishment for running away. The day he was allowed to use his new telescope, he spent all day searching the planet for his friend named John.
“I don’t drink human blood!” The blond vampire reminded him unnecessarily. As if Sherlock could forget.
you. No, he'll do that for me, when he sees us chatting."
"He was made for you, Sherlock." The Shining One said. "And you, for him."
“Why don’t we have Victor read it this year?” She said cheerfully.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh god, yes."
"You were holding hands,
“I asked him to wait in the car.” Sherlock allowed his mother a few pats before stepping away. “Victor is nervous to meet you both.”
"You didn't expect me to record your conversation with John?" Sherlock asks, raising an eyebrow in disbelief.
It turns out that solving a crime with no evidence is a lot harder to do than you would expect. Not that such a minor inconvenience would stop Sherlock Holmes.
"You did well."
“Yes, fine.” John said, pretending that he wasn’t looking forward to this outing. Escape was out of the question, of course, but fresh air would do him good.
“John?” Sherlock asked in confusion, but John just shook his head with a smile, gesturing for Sherlock to follow him. He led Sherlock through a winding path through the estate, ending up in a small, enclosed porch with a crackling fireplace.
I can feel me face heat up even more, and I look over to Victor and Sherlock for help. Victor is watching me intently, but Sherlock looks even dourer than before, though I have no idea why.
The blond snorted, and he resumed looking out the window, leaving Sherlock to his thoughts. This soldier was…pleasant to be around. Far less annoying than Victor had ever been, and less annoyed with his deductions as well. Sherlock was fairly pleased with how things seemed to be turning out. If he and the blond could become…well, not friends, but perhaps form a mutual approval of each other, then this weekend wouldn’t be completely awful. Of course, it was that moment when he had decided to make a proper introduction that the petrol light needed to come on, the bright chime dragging him from his mind palace.
“Really, I still have to unpack.” John said, thinking of a lie as quickly as possible. Well, it wasn’t a complete lie. “And my dad will want to know how my first day was and all…”
Today (August 31st) is my birthday, and for my birthday, I decided to update this fic! (Okay, I know it's not a great present, but I didn't know what else to get you...) I would like to apologize profusely for the humongously long delay in getting this out. As I told someone in the comments, my family has been having some personal drama, and while it is of the good variety (once you get past the shock) it is very, for lack of a better word, dramatic. Sitting down to my poor little laptop has been a no-go. (Also, my poor, sad little laptop needed a new battery and plug in, as it would die every time I would unplug it from the wall, but that's hardly an excuse. I just needed to become friendlier with walls, is all)
"Hi, I'm looking for Sherlock Holmes?" John said.
“You saved him!” Another doctor cried.
"I visited you nearly every day, in Afghanistan," Sherlock blurted out quickly, trying to find the words to explain himself. "After you healed Bill Murray."
“But he’s a dragon.” John said, trying to keep the bitterness from his voice. “Aren’t you going to sweep this under the rug? Protect the dragon?”
"I'm really happy for you." The smile was evident in her voice.
“Yes, that is a proper term. Mycroft is my soul mate.”
It was a blustery day in mid-October when sixth year Hufflepuff Gordon Newartz vanished. His friends watched as he left the common room and never returned.
"Of course," Mrs Hudson said, "come with me, we'll take my car!"
The rock soared quickly through the air, missing Cain’s target of Abel’s shoulders, and hitting him in the head instead. Abel crumpled to the ground, and Sheol saw the oddest thing.
"You were worried because I didn't try and commit suicide?" He looked amused.
"Isn't what exciting?" John asked with a grin, his Cleansweep 7 slung across his shoulders.
"You've been pointedly ignoring me for about two years now," John replied. "How else am I supposed to interpret that?"
"I'll let my sister know that you think I'm tall," John said, grinning lazily up at the scaffolding that Sherlock had made his permanent perch. "She's made fun of me for years for my short length."
"But...I'm his lab partner," Sherlock's deep voice swam through his consciousness, and he looked up at Sherlock from where he was sitting.
"Oh god, yes."
me?” Sherlock choked, setting down the coffee cup at long last, the customer who it belonged to grabbing it and grumbling about poor service. “Are you…are you breaking up with me?”
John continued to glow, and the instinct to pull his soul from his body began to take over, consuming his mind. His breathing was steady, and Sherlock watched the rise and fall of his chest, pulling off the glove of his right hand and placing it on John’s chest.
Sherlock turned away from Mycroft, encouraging him to leave. Sure enough, he heard Mycroft's soft footsteps walking away, followed by a hushed click of the door. Sherlock was alone.
“Come on, let’s get some lunch, yeah?” John said.
“This is a crime scene.” The DI said, striding over to Sherlock. “The public isn’t allowed here.”
." Sherlock said as soon as John opened his eyes. "I trust you slept well."
They entered the sitting room, and Sherlock smiled at the eager looks on his parent’s faces. He placed his hand on the small of John’s back in a gesture he hoped looked sincere.
"Timing, Sherlock," She snipped, not looking up from the man she was busy dissecting.
Moriarty ran a hand through his hair, gripping the strands as John tried to pull away.
"Unimportant." Sherlock said, "I'm too focused on exactly
"Just give me the word," John said, cutting Sherlock off. "And I will leave you alone forever."
"I'll see you later," John said. "And no more siccing your brother on me."
Sherlock shot him a confused look, his eyes narrowing as he tried to figure John out. "Why?"
With a grunt of pain, I trip over something solid, landing painfully on my elbows and knees. Concern from Greg and Mike barely filter through my thoughts as I stare in horror at what I just tripped over.
"I love you." John said after a moment, looking away from Sherlock. "I know you're not fond of this sort of thing, but you have to know-"
Our first attempt didn’t end up going so well. I had cornered Sherlock in advanced biology after Dr Hooper had finished up the daily lecture. Sherlock had barely looked at me when I told him Victor wanted to meet him in the sound booth after school, just nodded in understanding and left. Of course, we found out the next day that Irene had been absent that day.
"Why would I tell you?" John asked. "I haven't even told my own friends."
John thought drily, blinking awake. ‘
"I didn't realise anyone was in here," Sherlock shrugged.
“Sheol! Cain! Did you hear the news?” He looks excited, “The Shining One plans on visiting us!”
"He went and purchased a new one," Molly said. "When he realized he had forgotten, he stopped by a local shop. Anyway, it doesn't matter. Dr Watson never showed up."
"You too?" John asked, his smile growing more confident. "Really?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Then why aren't you gone?" Sherlock demanded. "I asked you what you would do if you were granted your freedom, and you said you would go home."
"Exactly the same," McGonagall confirmed.
"A bit of a hero, are we, Johnny-boy?" A familiar voice pulls me from my reverie. The holding cell is anything but homey, but the Irish voice of Jim Moriarty manages to make it seem a bit friendlier.
As David went to rap on the door, Ann pulled her son aside, smoothing his hair once again. “You’ll have a wonderful time in London, sweetheart.” She said. “Just you wait and see. Hopefully your father will be happier here than in our ghastly house.”
Perhaps he didn’t hate it as much as he originally thought.
John opened his eyes, surprised to see how close his face was to Sherlock's. He licked the water from his lips nervously, heart fluttering when Sherlock's eyes flicked down to watch the movement of his tongue.
Tom was great, really. He was handsome, funny, and moderately clever. He was everything John should want in a potential boyfriend.
"Jesus, so he was right?" John said, waving a hand in the direction of the door.
John looked up, his eyes wide as Sherlock walked over to him. "You came."
It's nearly the end of the day when my name is called, and I'm brought to the office. The man sitting there looks vaguely familiar. His suit and hair are rumpled, the latter looking like he's run his hands through it in frustration. He stands when he sees me, holding out a hand for me to shake.
John smiled to himself as he made his way to class, waving in greeting as he went. As great as all of that was, he didn't consider it to be his greatest accomplishment of this year. No, the best thing that happened so far was his blind luck in lab partners.
They left the alley, turning and striding towards the Thames. Watson kept glancing up at Sherlock in curiosity, which Sherlock steadfastly ignored. The smell of Watson's blood was almost too much to handle; he had never smelled anything quite this good before.
“Oh god, yes.”
“He understands me.” Sheol said, looking a little uncertain. “He knows what I am, yet he does not judge me. He is the most intelligent human I’ve met.”
"I don't think so," Victor wrinkled his nose. "But you never really know with Je-"
John hummed in agreement, falling silent as the professor entered the room. Jim and Sebastian might have been good together, but it seemed that Sebastian wasn’t quite ready to let go just yet.
-The daredevil I am referring to is Evel Knievel, who died on November 30th, 2007 from pulmonary disease in Florida.
"A friend?" Sherlock asked, looking surprised. He didn't have many of them, and none that could cause that reaction.
“Alone is safe right now.” He tells him. “Alone is what protects you.”
The man was extraordinary in his own right. Sherlock had spent thousands of years studying the human race, both part of it, and completely separated from it, and he had never met a man as interesting as John. Sherlock, though he probably wouldn’t have noticed John right away, would still have been intrigued if he hadn’t had the ability to save souls.
.” Sherlock greeted. “I trust you slept well?”
“I call the downstairs room.” John said, carrying his box and placing it in front of the door. His dad just laughed, spreading his arms wide in surrender.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Wrong answer."
My mum and dad are sitting on the sofa in front of the telly.  Both of them look up in surprise when they hear us come in.
"Because they were being rude to you." John sighed. "And you deserve better than that."
“While that’s all very good and everything, there are plenty of cottages in the country.” The female officer said, brushing the curly hair from her face. “Maybe this ‘Hooper’ will know what happened.”
Ann Watson had died in a car accident over a year ago. While it had been tragic, John hadn’t been able to shed a tear at her funeral, because he knew he would be seeing his mother again.
“It has only been a day that I’ve been gone, yet I’ve missed you every second of it.” Sheol said as he brushed the brown hair away from Otto’s brow. Otto sighed, leaning into the touch.
With a roll of his eyes, Sherlock disappeared, and John's room was blissfully silent.
“Uh, where are we going?” The blond asked as they passed the store room. Sherlock could practically feel the confusion as he opened the backdoor and pushed him out. “What are you doing?”
"And you've broken up before," Jim points out. "How is this any different?"
"The very same," Sherlock said.
“I will be in to check on your progress in three days. Until then, I shall be at the Met. If you feel unwell, you may send a telegram to Mr George Lestrade.
“What?” Sherlock looked surprised.
“John!” A warm voice called, causing both men to realise just how close they had been sitting. Sherlock looked up to see a pretty blonde woman in a red coat walking towards them. “John, we have so much to do, what are you doing sitting out here?”
“My name is John, and I’m nine years old!” The creature named John stated happily. “What’s your name, and what is that thing?”
you had wanted to tell me."
Don't worry, I will go back and explain why Sherlock doesn't like Mycroft, and also what happens to souls when they aren't collected. Promise! I just needed to get a bit of John in here (so you don't hate me completely!)
Sherlock cursed his luck, pulling his mobile out of his pocket. He sighed once at the sight of Lestrade's name, answering with a succinct "Holmes."
“What if the master chooses to set him free?” Sherlock asked curiously.
My mum had been thrilled to see Sherlock at our house once more, and she overloaded us with all sorts of sweets, which Sherlock was surprisingly fond of.
“But…why?” I ask.
“How did you-”
normally put the angel on the top of the tree.” Sherlock’s voice said from behind him, and John turned to look, catching a brief glimpse of annoyance before his face went blank.
Robottko
“I heard you were being released early.” A familiar voice said from behind him, and Sherlock whipped around to stare.
“Christ…” John swore, trying to crawl away from the imposing figure. Sherlock halted the movement with one hand, fingers curling into the soft fabric of his jumper.
At first glance, it was easy to assume the man was human. He was handsome, of course, but not necessarily otherworldly. His hair was grey, striking on a man as young as he appeared to be.
"Sorry about that, mate," I reply without enthusiasm.
"Sherlock, where on earth did you go?" Molly said as Sherlock exited through the service door. He regretted it instantly, the cold of the back alley seeping through his suit. "You left the toes out!"
"I didn't do it," John shook his head, "I haven't even touched that gun since I was captured. Someone is trying to frame me!"
“What?” My brain is having difficulties keeping up with the conversation.
“Sherlock Holmes. Don’t be boring.” He snapped.
"See ya later, Sherlock!" He called, earning a frown from Madam Pince.
“I confess, that is not what people usually say.”
familiar..."
"I...hello," Sherlock said, blinking up at him.
"That's not what people normally say," Sherlock said after a moment.
"Why won't you tell anyone?" John interrupted. "That's all the other humans could talk about all day."
“I am not positive if I know anything.” Greg replied, “But I must go, and so must you. There is an American daredevil whose time has come. He shall be an interesting man to meet.” And with that, Greg vanished, leaving a very annoyed Sherlock behind.
It was there in the hot Afghani sun that Greg found him. It had been a long day for the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, and the doctors at the camp were busy trying to rescue the soldiers that had been shot during the small scuffle between themselves and heavily armed locals. Sherlock had managed to take two of the men before Doctor Watson showed up, making it impossible to retrieve any. Sherlock sat outside the camp, watching the men walk around with little interest. He would be in the medical area, but John seemed to catch glimpses of him more often every day, and the idea of a mortal being able to see him without his express permission made Sherlock wary.
Sherlock wondered if that was a good thing,
heard of me!" Jim sounded pleased. "Oh, good. I suppose you can imagine my disappointment when I learned that you had obtained a...pet."
"It's not like I dated any of them," I say, ignoring Victor. "What would their flirting have to do with anything?"
Naturally,
A knot of anger twisted in John's stomach at Sherlock's words, his spine stiffening as if preparing for a fight.
John was looking over at him, a warm smile on his face. Sherlock blinked a few times in surprise, elation filling his sternum like a balloon.
"Personal trainer or boss?" He asked, sitting down next to the man.
“At my house?” I ask as we make it to the door. “Won’t that be a little difficult?”
“A cherub, then?” John teased, earning a sour look from the other man.
“Can’t he stay just a bit longer?” John all but begged, looking at Mycroft imploringly.
"Yeah, well, I wouldn't wish a burn like that on anyone," John huffed. "It's not like we're friends now or anything."
"You should get that," John said, before muttering: "bloody phones."
The next morning Harriet visited John’s bedsit, unsurprised to find nothing but the faint whiff of sulfur and a small note written in spidery scrawl:
John let out a small groan of annoyance, letting his head fall back against the cool steel table and closing his eyes.
“Anderson. If you need to get a hold of me, all you have to do is call the Met and ask for Detective Inspector Lestrade.”
“You are hardly an authority figure on the subject, but I thank you for your support.” He says, and though the words should be offensive, there isn’t any bite in them. I grin at Sherlock.
“Oh Sherlock.” The elder dragon said, his voice singsonging mockingly. “I do believe you’re forgetting something.”
“Yes.” Sherlock smiled at him.
“You think they’re coincidences? The universe is rarely so lazy, John.”  Sherlock says.
Sherlock’s face broke into a smirk, something that John was fairly confident he would see often. With a gesture of surrender, Sherlock turned, and John took the opportunity to swiftly pull on some jeans and a jumper.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I hope so.” John said softly. “Hopefully I’ll be able to maintain a reputation that isn’t ‘weirdo’ or ‘freak’ here. I plan on keeping ghostly activities to a minimum.”
“The glow.” The angel looked impatient. “That was the soul trying to leave the body. It can never leave fully without your help.”
“Perhaps I shall. I do have one that I leave here, in case anyone wishes to hear a few songs.”
“What do you see?” Sherlock asked John, and John gave him a surprised glance before replying
“Hi.” Jim grinned at him. “I had been hoping I would see you sometime today. We share last class!”
of the door as it closed. He became so engrossed in his task, that the sound of Tom's cough made him flinch.
“Would you like me to assign someone to pop your cherry?” He continues, and I am even more confused. Is he offering to buy me a dessert? I’m not fond of cherries, but I would happily eat something pear flavoured. As I open my mouth to tell him this, another voice interrupts.
"I'm fine." Sherlock replied quickly, sitting up. "You should dress, or we'll be late for dinner."
“I’m not the queen of this group.” Mike sniffs, looking faux-offended.
The opening day for John's exhibit came the next week. According to John, he hadn't spoken to anyone but Sherlock, who couldn't help but feel slightly pleased by that. Sherlock kept himself busy trying to figure out the best way of getting John back to the sea. It wasn't easy, especially with a suspicious Mycroft breathing down his neck.
"Obvious. Your jumper is a hand-me-down. It's only recently out of style, so that means your brother can't be too much older than you. Judging by how slight you are, and taking that into consideration for your brother, I would guess he's about fifteen or sixteen. There are a few light stains around the cuffs, too light to be firewhiskey, too dark to be carbonated soda. It's not a bad thing to be addicted to. Much like cheering charms, it causes a pleasant warmth to fill you, but it can spread over to other addictions if it's given enough time."
"Oh, of course," Mummy says quickly, pleased that John broke the tension.
“Never met them.” He replies, snatching up my laptop. I debate on complaining, but Sherlock doesn’t seem the type to care who’s stuff he’s using, or if it makes the person upset.
“Hello, mum.” John chuckled. “Yeah, London has always been a dream of mine, but I
“I play the violin when I’m thinking,” Sherlock blurted out. “And sometimes I don’t talk for days on end.”
And he does. Little Cain looks up to Sheol as a friend and brother. Sheol finds joy in Cain, and later Abel, and he believes that they shall live forever in peace and joy.
“Really, Mycroft?” Sherlock scoffed, his red tail swinging in agitation. “If you’re forcing me to choose a slave, why can’t I be in my dragon form?”
Hudson thought.
“What do people usually say?”
“You can see me?” Sherlock blurted out, feeling rather unintelligent about the whole ordeal. Instead of impressing the solider with his brains, he was saying whatever nonsense came to mind.
“Well, what about you? What are you going to ask Santa for Christmas?”
"A blind date?" Sherlock scoffed. "The likelihood of a successful match so soon after the dissolution of a relationship, especially when the match was chosen by the other party of the failed partnership, seems pretty-"
“Only to an untrained mind.” Sherlock said, walking into my house just after me. “Ah, this must be your family!”
"That's precisely it!" Sherlock said with glee. "There's a girl missing, and no one knows where she went, or why. It's the perfect crime."
John blinked at Sherlock in surprise. "You saw all that?"
“You don’t really have a choice.” Sherlock sighed softly, looking at the blue scarf pointedly. “You see, I need a boyfriend for the weekend to impress mummy.”
“But they’re both gay.” I say without thinking.
As soon as he made out of the building, he put on speed, racing along the thankfully deserted pier, the wood planks making the trip rough.  Sherlock glanced behind him, frustrated to see two men tailing him on foot now, their suits as pristine as Mycroft's.
Sherlock stared at Doctor Watson, and for a second, barely a millisecond, the doctor’s eyes met his. Sherlock’s eyes widened, even as Watson looked away. He would be convincing himself he was imagining things, Sherlock knew, but the man still
"Yes, thank you," Sherlock said, "That doesn't change the fact that a blind date set up by a previous girlfriend is statistically likely to end poorly."
"Are you sure?" The boy asked. "It looks like he nipped you pretty hard."
“No, they aren’t.” Sherlock agreed. “Perhaps they might have been at one point, but it’s ridiculous to view human deaths as lesser than a dragon’s death.”
“You look surprised. You did invite me, after all,” Sherlock replied.
"Yes," John answered seriously. "Far too many. Enough for a lifetime."
“Sorry, had to make a phone call.” John replied. Sherlock snatched the phone out of his hands, but it was obvious he knew the damage had been done.
Not that it mattered. Even if Sherlock did follow sports, he would be too distracted by a drenched John running around to be able to pay proper attention.
"I was just saying that it's a mental-"
"What are you doing outside?" Mary asked. "Waiting for your girlfriend?"
Sherlock stayed silent for a moment, annoyed that Greg was correct. Angels could be difficult to deal with on the best of days. “And of the ‘R’ and the ‘K’?”
“No!”
“That’s okay,” I say. “We’ll be ready for him. I dealt with Victor and his Plastics all year. One mean guy isn’t going to scare me.”
"No," John said. "It wouldn't be right."
“Can I help you?” The woman asked professionally.
“You made me look like an idiot! Of all the stupid, rude things you could have done, this has to be the worst. I mean-”
Sherlock flushed at that, looking down at the book in his lap. "We'll see. Mummy loves it when I keep my hair long as well, so you'll probably get your wish."
“You think he’ll fall for that?”
"That was amazing," John said, shaking his head.
*****
“Not your fault.” John chuckled. “Some ghosts didn’t want to move on, and got a bit physical when I made them. Hopefully I can keep myself off their radar here. No ghost hunting for me.”
“You can have my bed.” John said, pulling out a blanket and a pillow, curling up on the floor.
“Oh, good.” Mummy chirped cheerfully. “Hopefully you’ll make it work with this boy. You aren’t getting any younger!”
“Do you want me to eliminate the pet, boss?” A tall, blond human asked from behind him.
“What sort of business is he in again?” Molly asked, placing the milk under the steaming wand and starting it up.
nonsense by now. Surely a job with your brother would be far more beneficial…”
“No worries, you’ll be released soon. Not even a mark of this on your record.”
The only accomplishment we managed that week was to give a bottle of shampoo to Victor that contained a small amount of colour stripper. It would take time, but soon his luscious brown hair would be a thing of the past. The week had been a failure, so I decided on the final day that I would use Victor’s cheating to my own advantage.
“Back on the cake again?” Sherlock tutted, turning to look at his elder brother. “For shame. You know what it does to your figure. Your phone and keys, please.”
"Are you alright?" A deep voiced behind John asked, and he turned to look at Sherlock, who was still sprawled across the floor.
“Don’t worry, Johnny.” Victor whispers. “I’ll talk to Sherlock for you.” He turns, walking over to Sherlock. For one brief second I was confused. Then I remembered my conversation with the light brunette that happened several weeks ago. My face heats up, and I can only watch in detached horror as they begin to talk.
“Of course not. I just don’t want them contaminating my food.” John sighed, placing the thumbs on a lower shelf. Inexplicably, the wriggling in his stomach grew worse, and he pressed a hand against it, trying to make it stop.
"Obviously." Sherlock tried to sound impassive, and failed miserably. "That's why I dropped all those books on your head. Normally I'm very composed."
“What? God, no.” I splutter, shaking my head frantically.
"What, did you look me up?" John asked frowning at him.
“Tell me about yourself.” Sherlock smiled.
The dragons strolled along the corridors, glancing through each door they passed. Most of the humans drew away in fear, causing Sherlock to scoff in disgust. It wasn’t until they had reached the last corridor that they found anyone remotely interesting.
“I don’t know…what would we even talk about?” I ask. I must be mad to even consider this.
"He won't work with me," Sherlock sighed. "I need an assistant."
“Oh god, not there!” The brown and silver haired boy says. “Henry Knight sits there, and he has night terrors when he sleeps.”
The door opened to a cosy lounge lined with busy wallpaper. Two mismatched chairs sat in front of the fireplace, and a leather sofa took up half of the opposite wall. John felt instantly at home.
"Very good."
“Yeah yeah,” The officer sighs, turning from us. “Get out of here before you’re escorted off the property.”
"Well, you'll see soon enough, won't you?" Tom said. "After my date, you'll have to go on one, too!"
“Actually,” Sherlock told his mother, a small smile on his face. “We were just leaving now. I’ll talk to you later!”
Sherlock wondered if this was what having a proper friend felt like. Not that Molly Hooper wasn’t a proper friend, per se, but she was from a difference social group than Sherlock. He was a loner, and she needed to have friends, and people to talk to, and cats. John was different sort of friend, they clicked. John was wonderful.
Sherlock's arms are twisted behind him, and there is an odd look on his face. It's a mix of anger, shock, and terrified, and when I see Detective Inspector Lestrade walking along behind him, I understand why. Sherlock is under arrest, and I don't have any more time to tell Lestrade of my suspicions.
"John killed
“His name is Jim Moriarty.”
John chuckled at that. It was a pleasant and kind laugh, and it made Sherlock feel warm inside. "Well, mister genius, I don't have your name."
“I’ll be careful, Sherlock.” Siger chuckled, patting his son’s arm. “We’ll be back before you know it.”
He attempted to reason with himself. But he knew this wasn’t accurate. He had taken Johann Sebastian Bach with just a brushing of his fingertips against the composer’s wrist. ‘
Night had fallen on 221B Baker Street, and the peace that had settled in the building was suddenly interrupted by two men. They stumbled inside, giggling like a pair of schoolboys.
It was then that his mobile chirped. Sherlock fished his phone out of his pocket, glaring at the message from Mycroft.
"Yes," Sherlock confirmed. "Tom Anderson was supposed to borrow my scarf, and when he forgot, I went after him."
"Ta," Lestrade said, "See you soon."
“Of course.”
Sherlock cut him off with his lips, pressing them desperately against John's. The kiss lasted only a moment, but it felt like nearly a lifetime before he pulled away.
“Oh how wonderful!” Violet sang, and John shot Sherlock a smug look. “Yes, go get Victor dressed, and you two can run to the nearest store!”
The journey to the office was uneventful, and John was pleased to note that the guards had already lowered their defences. To try and escape now would be idiotic, but it was nice to know that if he behaved long enough, he could get away.
"More so than the teachers?" John asked, his eyebrow quirking with mischief, causing his stomach to do a rather interesting flip.
“Yeah, that’s not going to happen.” The blond replied, the fluffy pink handcuffs clinking softly in his lap. “I’m not going to pretend to be your boyfriend. I’m going to tell your family immediately what you’ve done, then get the hell out of there.”
"Okay, so it was a human," John shrugged, "why is that so impossible?"
John hadn't seen Sherlock at all the night before, so it came as a surprise to wake up to him sitting on the end of his bed.
?" He hissed.
For over three hundred years, blond men and women had been the serving class of England. Their liberation only five years previous had been a controversial one, and many darker haired masters had refused to give up their lifelong slaves. This had led to small armies of blond men and women rushing in, destroying houses of corrupt masters, freeing their blond slaves.
“I’ve always been really good at biology.” I say with a shrug. “Best in my class…then again, I was home-schooled.” Mike laughs at my lame joke, which in turn makes Greg and I grin.
“Pardon me?”
"We went on a date," John interrupted, "And I've made a mess of it. I was hoping to ask him on another one."
"Thank you, Sherlock," Molly said, but Sherlock had already turned away, focussing once more on the bag of thumbs. "I've got to grab a few things from my office. Please don't touch the cadaver, Sherlock."
He is handsome, no doubt. He has a kind face, which suited him well in his profession. Sherlock studied the man, annoyed to feel a twinge of
"Yeah," John replied.
"Ones that aren't boring," Sherlock replied, making John laugh.
"Is it stealing if I give it back after?" Sherlock asked.
Ha, yeah right.
"Good," John praised. "Very good. Now, follow me."
"Won't any of you take my letter?" Sherlock huffed after the eighth owl turned away. He stomped his foot in annoyance. "Oh, come
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time. -Mark Twain
They made their way up the seventeen steps quickly, and Sherlock quickly revealed their visitor, pushing open the lounge door to see a man in a Westwood suit, sitting in Sherlock's armchair and looking as if he owned the place.
"That thing you did back there. That was...good."
“Goodnight, John. Sleep well.”
"No, we've been banished forever," Sherlock said. "And even if there were another way, I would never take it. I'm content here."
"Nah, everyone is practically on the page," John said with a wave of his hand. "You'll be caught up within a few days."
John's fingers tapped as Tom spoke, the sound muffled by the table cloth. The minutes seemed to drag on as John listened, waiting for an impossibility
"Of course not," Sherlock said.
"I don't want you to hurt yourself," Sherlock replied evasively.
"It most certainly wasn't
“Because you are taking away my friend-brother.” Sheol said hotly.
"No, I really shouldn't-"
“Sherlock. An odd choice, but it fits. How did you come upon this name?” Mycroft asked.
“Oh, hello!” My mum speaks first, coming over to shake Sherlock’s hand. “You must be one of Johnny’s new friends!”
Sherlock suggested, which caused the sorting hat to laugh.
"I did," Sherlock grumbled. "The servant died of gunshot wound. Very few dragons will use a gun, as it's a human weapon."
John didn’t reply, trailing behind Sherlock as he planned his escape. Sherlock didn’t seem to be paying him too much attention, at least not as much as he expected. Then again, he expected to be trailed by gunmen, so anything less was a shock.
“With fuzzy pink handcuffs?” The blond raised an eyebrow. Sherlock ignored him, starting up the car and pulling out of the petrol station.
"John! We got a carriage up front!" A voice said, and Sherlock looked up to see a Gryffindor and Hufflepuff standing in the doorway, both wearing matching smiles. "Stop flirting with all the cute first year girls and let’s go!"
will be the love of your life?" Sherlock asked, raising an eyebrow at him.
"What do people normally say?"
Seriously, I don't know how I got the best readers on this site, but I got 'em!
“I find you fascinating.” Sherlock replied without thinking, freezing when he realised what he had just said.
"Don't be so dramatic." Mycroft rolled his eyes. "I was going to say that sentiment is a weakness, but it can also be a strength."
Sherlock's eyes widened rather uselessly when he realised that the sorting hat was talking to him.
"A lot of people have," Greg replies. "Hopefully this will all be over soon."
“Yes, for
“A lifetime?” Watson said, sound lost.
," John repeated, looking devastated.
"There's nothing to tell, really," John said, shrugging. "Nothing really happens to me."
“No, mummy.” Sherlock shook his head. “I don’t want to live on Holmes anymore. I don’t want to be a prince.”
John started to slowly circle the pitch, Sherlock trailing close behind him. They did a few laps, and Sherlock started to feel at ease, his movements becoming more smooth and sure.  When John picked up speed, Sherlock managed to keep pace, only wobbling a little bit here and there.
"I have no idea," Sherlock said.
"You tried to jump into the tank," John said, looking up at Sherlock. "You would have if I hadn't stopped you."
"Mummy." Sherlock groaned. "Why would you bring that up?"
“No, he isn’t.” Sherlock replied, hoping his deductions were correct. “He’ll love it, I’m sure.”
Sherlock glowered at the spot Greg had been in for a few moments before vanishing as well, making his way towards the United States. The silver haired angel might not have told him anything today, but it never took long to get information out of him. It was how Sherlock had managed to avoid Mycroft for so long, though the arch-angel had insisted on monthly meetings ever since they had been reunited in 2005.
“Yeah, of course.” The employee scrambled to get a piece of paper and a pen. “Hooper is still in town; that much I know. Holmes went to some cottage for Christmas, and won’t be back until the day after tomorrow.”
“What do you mean, more sinister?” John asked. “What could be more sinister than a gang?”
“Oh, Sherlock. You play marvellously, as always.” She sighed, pressing a hand to her heart. “But I need to ask you a favour.”
“It’s quite cold out.” Sherlock replied sensibly, giving John a small smile. “You stay inside, where it’s warm. You won’t even notice I’m gone.”
“He’s killed people, Molly.” Sherlock reminded her, and she frowned down at her paperwork. “That means that he
"Of course." Sherlock replied, sitting down next to John, feeling absolutely tiny next to him. He ran a hand through his closely cropped hair nervously. "I am the smartest kid in this school."
"What?"
The next afternoon I find myself sitting with the plastics, wearing an oversized green t-shirt of Mike’s that reached my mid-thighs. I had arrived before Victor, but Jim and Sebastian had beat me to the table. I didn’t consider this an entirely terrible thing, because the pair were giving me pointers on how to be cool, or something.
"Likewise." The boy drawled in a soft, lilting Irish accent. "Jim Moriarty."
Of course, that was easier said than done. Sherlock checked everywhere he knew looking for John: his flat, a coffee shop he frequented, and a Chinese place down the road, but John wasn’t there.
"Oh," Sherlock replied eloquently.
Out of the corner of my eye, I can see Greg and Mike making faces. Apparently I’ve done something wrong, but I can’t imagine what.
Berry shakes and clear blue lakes,
"Chuffed," Molly intoned. She turned back to Tom, "now Tom, I told Dr Watson that you would meet him outside St Bart's, and you would be wearing a long coat with a scarf."
“Of course not.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “At least, not anymore. I don’t understand why you’re not getting to work, you’ve got a murder to solve.”
“He was flirting with you,
"Overconfident," Sherlock remarked.
They were silent for a few moments, only the crunch of snow underfoot broke the silence in the woods. A few birds sing overhead, and John can’t help but smile at the peace of the day around them.
"Tell you about myself?" John's asked blankly.
Sherlock thought for a minute, wondering what he
"That's mean," John admonished. "And I don't want to hurt this guy. I already like someone else."
Unpacking, however, took ages, and by the time they were done, John was exhausted. He wiped the sweat from his brow, looking around at the lounge of their new flat with a smile. Mum was nowhere to be seen, but that was hardly out of the ordinary. She spent time visiting other members of the family, checking to make sure they were alright.
“So, you help catch murderers, and things like that?” John asked, fascinated.
“Right, of course.” I reply. “Let’s go.”
“As was I. I am like you.” Sheol mistakenly says, happy of their companionship. They sneer at him.
"Sherlock Holmes," Sherlock said, still watching the owl.
I try my best to smile as the camera flashes. My mum is clinging onto my arm, crying into the new jumper she bought me for school.
He had to wait until the planet was facing the right direction, and Sherlock had never been very patient. When it finally showed the familiar little island, he scoured the area, letting out a cry of joy when he saw the familiar house.
you that he wouldn’t tell.”
"Sorry, how did you-"
“Irene is only using him so she can get to Kate. Victor is bi, and I’ve never told anyone because I am such a good friend.” Sebastian huffs, looking defeated.
Harriet paled as the demon turned away from her, vanishing with a swirl of his long, black coat.
“John.” The blond grumbled after a minute, “My name is John Watson.”
“A cop?” Sherlock wrinkled his nose.
“No, brother!” Abel said, shaking his head furiously, placing a comforting hand on Cain’s shoulder. “I would never-”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock corrected himself.
“Soul mates?” Sheol tries the word out, and Greg nods.
"And it was found at the scene of the crime," Lestrade continued. "The bullet that killed Mycroft's slave came from this gun."
"No," The lady said, looking stern. "Whatever it is, I won't have you popping in on him unannounced. It's not polite, and even though he's-"
“He has a few spare clothes here, thank goodness. I think Siger’s clothes should fit you just fine. You seem to be about the same size.”
"Your quarrel is with me," Sherlock hisses. "Leave John out of it."
"I hardly know
"Shut up," Sherlock all but growls at the newcomer.
“What do you think?” The voice of his father distracted him, and he looked over to see that his father looking a bit disgruntled. The cabbie, on the other hand, looked beyond pleased. It was obvious to see who had won
It could only be considered stalking if the participant was uncomfortable with the idea of being watched, Sherlock convinced himself, and this Doctor Watson neither knew of his existence, nor objected to his surveillance, so there was no harm in checking up on the doctor, really. Whenever he wasn’t busy collecting souls, Sherlock went searching for Doctor Watson, studying the man. At first he convinced himself that he wanted to find out how the blond had kept Sherlock from taking the soul of Murray, but all too soon he realised that he was merely curious about the man in general. Not that the protection of the soldier’s soul became unimportant, but rather became one of many reasons why Death found Doctor Watson so interesting.
“Sherlock…You didn’t make it to your interview.” The disappointed voice of his father caught his attention, and he looked up to see Siger standing behind mummy.
“Because my brother will snoop if we go to mine.” Sherlock says, as if this is the most obvious thing in the world.
"I wouldn't miss it for the world." Molly said, her smile a little wobbly. "I mean, it's not every day your best friend solves a murder."
Sherlock decided as he switched to a hearty rendition of
“Sometimes unfinished business can be taken care of with a good smack to the face.” John muttered under his breath.
"It was me," I repeat. "I'm the reason those people are dead. I...I killed him."
The game came to an end, though it took Sherlock several minutes to realise it. Judging by the smiles on John and his rugby team, they won.
Sherlock watched as Victor left, the door tinkling as he made his escape into the London streets.  Sherlock could do little else but gape after him, a nudge from Molly bringing him back to his senses.
“Please, you cannot die.” Sherlock said, his throat constricting rather suddenly. He hadn’t realised just how important John had become to him. “You have to live, John.”
Sherlock, like most of the population, assumed the whole thing had just been a grizzly hoax. So when a banner declaring the London Aquarium's newest exhibit popped up, Sherlock spent hours annoying Mycroft until he gave him clearance to go see the beast.
"Tom." John said again, and Sherlock glanced over at him. All the warmth was gone from John's gaze, only hard steel remaining. "What's going on?"
“I do believe we’ll need precaution on this one.” The elder dragon said to the handler, “Fit him with one of those temporary collars. I’ll send it back when we get a proper one on him.”
They were silent for a few minutes, the only sounds in the room were sips of wine and crunches of cookie from the two men.
John snorted, standing up. He was still significantly shorter than the man who claimed to be a demon, but he couldn’t be bothered to care at the moment.
Sherlock nods in confirmation, “Yes, thank you Victor. No, I won’t be coming over right away, I need to have a look. Oh, shut up. Goodbye.”
Sherlock weaved his way out of the cheering crowd, climbing down the stands rather quickly. The Gryffindor team was walking off the pitch dejectedly, their brooms dragging along the soft grass. John received a few pats on the back from other Gryffindors, but he didn't seem to register them.
“Right. Thanks for all the help, but I think I should be fine now.” John said, turning so his legs dangled off the table. Immediately, the light overhead his table that had been shining a nice, yellow went bright red. Startled John looked up, trying to figure out why the light had changed colours.
kisses, hugs, and ladybugs,
“Yes.” Mycroft managed to look only slightly guilty. “I have important work to do, and I can’t just leave my mobile for days on end. Sherlock has my personal phone.”
John let out a snort, as if he disagreed with Sherlock.
“You would?”
me, and I-"
“Mycroft?” The officer who had first spoken asked, looking surprised. He took off his protective helmet, silver hair catching Sherlock’s eye.
Jennifer’s face went a brilliant pink, matching her sparkling dress quite well. Without another word, she whipped around, darting through the crowd of people to get as far away from Sherlock and me as possible.
"Your reaction to the man that suggested you weren't mentally competent," Sherlock replied, a small smirk on his face. "The brief flash of disbelieved outrage told me all I needed to know."
John was cut off again, but this time it wasn’t with words, but something that sounded very passionate, and slightly wet. Sherlock took a step back, feeling the blood drain from his face.
“And John, don’t pretend you didn’t start crushing on Sherlock back.” Mary raised an eyebrow.
With a grunt, Sherlock picked up the smaller man’s body, carrying him slowly to Molly’s car, which she so graciously gave him permission to use for the trip to Yorkshire. Thankfully, Molly had parked close to the back door, so it didn’t take long for Sherlock to get him in the vehicle. He used his blue scarf to tie the blond to the car, looping it through the open window before rolling the window all the way up, locking him in place. Satisfied with his handiwork, he made his way around the car, getting in and starting up the engine and taking off down the road.
The last one was John's favourite rule to break. Humans were notoriously dangerous, and exceedingly fun to mess with. When he was younger he started slowly, swimming closer to shore, spying on their odd, floating vessels. As he got older, he ventured closer and closer, nicking smaller items for trophies.
John was playing outside by himself, the space pod that they had left covered in green grass. But John seemed to remember it was there, judging by the toys left around and on top of the pod.
"Yes."
"Very well, I promise," Sherlock said, holding out his hand. "Do we have a deal?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Propeller or coral?" Sherlock asked aloud, more to himself than anything.
"I've dealt with angry ghosts before," John shrugged, sliding out of bed and stretching. "One tried to push me out a window once. I'll be fine."
“Good.” Sheol nodded once. He turned, beginning to walk away, but turned back at the last minute. “I am thinking of changing my name…the world has changed so much since I was born.”
“I don’t intend to.” John replied, moving to stand next to Mycroft. He opened his mouth to break the silence when he heard a buzzing sound. “Is that…a phone??”
He weaved his way through the crowds, surfacing unscathed on the other side.
“Whoa whoa whoa!” Mike’s voice interrupts. Of course Greg put me on speaker. “What happened?”
"I don't need to be," Irene said. "He won't shut up about y-"
“Naturally.” Sherlock grinned, earning a laugh from John. “My parents felt bad for me, so they and Mycroft sat down and listened to my entire program, which consisted of three songs.”
“Why would you offer that?” Sherlock asked in confusion.
"Hm?" He hummed, acknowledging Sherlock's aborted sentence.
The kitchen table was laden with nothing short of a feast. Bowls of corn, peas, carrots, and other vegetables dotted the table, framing a heaping bowl of mashed potatoes and a steaming goose.
"No, we aren't." Sherlock looked away, trying to ignore the tightening in his chest. "He...ah, he got married today."
*****
“Enough chatter.” Donovan said, coming in between Sherlock and John. “I’m taking Holmes to jail, and we’ll have Sargent Dimmock take you to your fiancée.”
“What do you need, John?” He asks me, tone matching his gaze.
was the one that had the ability to vanish. “Living people can’t see me.”
“Of course. It’s going to be a chase though. Probably gunfire.”
“Not important.” Sherlock replied. Lestrade made a noise of annoyance, but made no further protest as they walked along the deserted streets, turning down an alley. It was obvious from looking at the man that he was someone who craved danger. The thought shot a wave of nostalgia through Sherlock, mixed with a strange hint of longing.
"I've been...distracted," John replied. Sherlock had laughed at one of his feeble jokes on Wednesday, and John had been riding the high off that the rest of the week. "Why are you talking to me, you never talk to me."
"Wait...really?" John asked in surprise.
"That sentence didn't make any sense," Sherlock said.
"You can't?" John frowned.
He hadn't been a boy, not really, but he appeared younger than the rest of the group, most likely a few years younger than himself. He had eyes like the sea, and hair wilder than kelp, and John had been absolutely baffled at how observant he had been. The other humans had barely noticed the spear wound on his shoulder, let alone the decade old scaring on his tail.
"I couldn't sleep, and I was curious about the entrance to the Gryffindor common room."
"Tom?" John said, but both Sherlock and Mycroft ignored him.
Molly only shook her head, giving Sherlock a fond smile that reminded him of his mother. Perhaps she would be an okay person to keep around, after all.
“Another…you think this is going to happen again?” I splutter.
The lady's entire demeanour changed, and she beamed happily up at him. "I'm Mrs Hudson, the landlady. Oh, I've been telling that boy for years that he needs someone to take care of him, and here you are!"
The shrill ring of a mobile phone filled the lounge, rousing Sherlock Holmes from his unconscious state. He hadn’t been sleeping, not fully, but rather resting, allowing his mind to relax without becoming befuddled by sleep. His mobile, however, was doing a fine job of destroying his concentration anyway. Sherlock rolled over, his hand scrabbling for the phone, not bothering to check to see who was calling before answering with one of his usual perfunctory greetings.
“Yes, we do.” Sherlock said, handing one of the notebooks to John and grabbing a pen. “Though I’m not quite sure what to ask for.”
her."
So that's how John Watson found himself standing in the middle of a mansion at four o'clock in the morning, wearing last night's jumper and a pair of pyjama bottoms.
It was the next day when Mycroft was sent to fetch him. John’s family had been absent, and the two boys spent the early morning and afternoon playing. Sherlock had never enjoyed childish games, but even he got the giggles when John pretended to ‘die’ dramatically while they played war. Mycroft saw everything, and seemed most amused.
John grinned, sitting down opposite of Sherlock. "Now, are you going to tell me what you're doing here, or am I supposed to guess?"
"The chemistry set?" Sherlock asked, his eyes unfocused as he thought to earlier that afternoon. John had splurged on an expensive chemistry set that Sherlock had been eyeing for months. Sherlock had gifted John with the most handsome watch he had ever seen. On the back, Sherlock had paid for a special engraving.
“To be able to practice medicine again.” John said, scribbling down a few words on a piece of paper. “The intermittent tremor in my left hand makes it difficult to perform surgeries, and I had a limp before this whole affair, if you remember deducing it.”
“Yeah, never got the hang of it.” I say. “You know, you could have just asked me for my number. It would have been easier.”
Sherlock vanished before John could so much as blink, and disappointment settled heavy in his gut. He spent the better part of an hour cleaning up the broken glass that lay at his feet, making sure not to leave even a sliver.
A soft cough from the doorway interrupted him, and Sherlock turns to glare at the newcomer. The man was well dressed, his shoes gleaming as he shuffled nervously from foot to foot. A long, grey coat nearly covered his pressed black trousers and button up. Sherlock has just enough time to register the shock of curly brown hair before the stranger is swept into a hug by Molly.
“Yes, but you never keep them.” Molly replied, looking down at the papers. “In fact, you rarely even bother bringing them to your realm at all. Yet you kept one John Watson…”
McGonagall conjured a scroll, letting it levitate in front of her as she read off the names.
“Could I borrow it?” John asked eagerly.
"The course of true love never did run smooth," Sherlock sighed, gesturing to the hook where his Belstaff and scarf hung. "Don't get it dirty."
“No, you were born of sin.” They tell him, “Sin and Destruction. You are not like us.”
"It's a possibility, but unlikely," Sherlock replied. "Come, walk with me, and I shall tell you my idea."
“A bit, yeah.” Bill chuckled, “Your schedule is practically crumpled in your hand.”
“I am.” John huffed, crossing his arms. “You were there when I was bleeding to death in the desert, and here you are now, when I’m about to die.”
"Excellent," Sherlock interrupted. "You shouldn't go to school today."
"Damn," Sherlock cursed, clipping his portable translator to his new human clothes. "An idiotic mistake."
"Who said anything about boyfriends?" John asked him, a teasing grin on his face. But Sherlock wasn't sure if it was the good sort of teasing or not.
"So, what exactly is it you do?" John asked, keeping pace easily with Sherlock. His cane moved in time with his steps, but John didn't put any weight onto it at all.
“Happy Christmas.” Molly said, letting the police and the blonde lady out of her flat before turning back to Tom, feeling miserable.
"That's all I'm going to need!"  Irene looked positively delighted.
"Tom." John nodded once, an odd expression flicking across his face. Before Sherlock could comprehend, John's face became studiously blank.
"He seemed pretty surprised when I complimented him," John mused.
a slave.” Sherlock hissed, tossing the forms at Mycroft.
"Thank you." He said after a moment. "You didn't have to do all that."
"Christ, already?" John frowned. "Well....I'll see you later, yeah?"
Sherlock shrugged as he pushed aside his surprised that the doctor’s soul was still in his body.
to come," Jim pouts. "We threw this party just for him!"
her.”
“What are these?” The blond asked in horror.
"What happened?" Molly asked, not believing him for even a second.
"Oh, Sherlock. I am so sorry."
In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth. He created man and creature, land and sea, light and darkness, and life and death.
"Oh?" John tried for nonchalant.
John removed his arm from around Jim, watching as he walked away. As Jim past Sherlock, he shifted slightly, as if avoiding the touch of the ghost.
“How clear?” Sherlock asked, something akin to panic swelling in his chest.
Sherlock has seen this millions of times since his life on earth began. The frail humans pounding at the chest of the dying one, even as his soul begins to glow. But the humans choose not to see the glow, just as they choose not to see Sherlock. They could see him if they really tried, but they would rather write off death as a necessary evil as opposed to an actual human.
When John had arrived at Bart's two years previous, he had been flattered to find his name pop up on the wall almost immediately. Of course, this earned him a bit of a reputation with his new rugby team that he certainly didn't earn. But, like all things new, the novelty of John faded and so did the wild gossip.
“Er…no. A vampire.” I say slowly, raising an eyebrow at the blond. She gave me a startled look, and I wondered if my costume was that ineffective.
"What do people normally say?"
Sherlock raises an eyebrow, studying me more intently. Flustered, I take a step back, unsure of the scrutiny. It looks as though Sherlock is trying to make a connection between the death of Carl Powers and me.
me?" said the politician who called the creature dumb.
"I'll get you two a candle. For you and your date." Angelo winked before departing.
“Of course I am.” John replied. “I want to get the hell out of here.”
Sherlock glanced back at the body the blue eyed doctor had referred to as Murray, shocked that the glowing was receding.
“No, Sheol. You’ve done quite enough already. Please, see yourself out.” Mycroft sighed wearily.
"Your help isn't required." Sherlock replied, standing up and walking towards the door. If he had turned to look at John before leaving, he might have seen hurt cross his face.
scrawled in perfect penmanship on top.
"Christ, but it's good to see you," I say, looking up at Jim. He looks different, somehow. His gaze is inscrutable, and it sends a cold swoop of worry through my stomach. Jim is usually so happy and open, and it's almost scary seeing him like this.
Before he could put his thoughts into action, Sherlock's worst fear came true.
“Victor cheated on Sherlock.” Jim reminds the tall blond.
Mummy hummed in agreement, handing over her mobile and keys. Father was a bit more reluctant, but soon Sherlock is holding three sets of keys and phones, his own included.
"Hooper, Molly." Was next, and the sorting hat made a decision quickly, sorting her into Hufflepuff. She beamed, waving at Sherlock when he gave her a smug look.
As if answering his unasked question, the group came to a halt in front of a great lake, small boats lining the shoreline in front of them.
“It’s hardly any trouble.” Sherlock says, almost to himself. “Your parents are much more pleasant than Victor or Moran’s parents.”
“Was a dangerous man.” He corrected. “Ever since I was injured, I’ve been pretty useless.”
“Yes, of course.” Sherlock replied, watching him now. He had been ignoring his hunger throughout the exchange, but he could not deny it any longer. Watson’s blood smelled delectable, and he knew he had to have it. “I shall not keep you. It was good to meet you.”
You never realise death until you realise love.
Maybe, then, John would never have done something so drastic.
"You've rather revealed your hand there, John Watson," Jim replies.
“I wouldn’t be surprised.” Cain scoffs, watching Sheol drop gracefully to the ground. “If it weren’t for Abel and me, I would imagine you travelling far and wide, exploring new lands and having grand adventures.”
“No!” Sebastian shakes his head emphatically.
I apologize if going with the word "Nifty" instead of "Fetch" threw you off. I debated for a really long time what word I was going to use. I though "Fetch" sounded far too valleygirl for Moran, and I have an eternal love-affair with the word "Nifty." (It will make a comeback, I tell you!)
It was a nice picture of John. While he wasn't smiling, he stood there looking pleased, a beaming Mary on his side.
“Thank you.” Sherlock said softly, causing John to straighten up.
Of course, he was busy at the moment, so the need for blood could wait. The vials in front of him not displaying the results he wanted.
nice. He’s the most…plastic of The Plastics.”
"I know, I will," Sherlock said.
Sherlock turned on his heel, leaving the medical tent as fast as he could. Mortals rarely saw Sherlock, especially if he didn’t want them to see him. But this man, Doctor Watson, had not only seen him, but stolen a soul right out of his very grasp.
It was only going to be a gentle brush of lips, but as soon as John tasted, he couldn’t get enough. He swooped in immediately, swallowing Sherlock’s gasp.
gleamed back at him almost mockingly, and he had to work to place a false smile on his face.
“Yes.” Sherlock responded, trying to look unaffected; but John could see his eyes light up. “My parents hate it, they think it isn’t a real job.”
"Death may be the greatest of all human blessings."
The handwriting matched perfectly, and a brief flare of doubt washed through him (what if Sherlock was just really good at mimicking handwriting?), but soon elation left no room for doubt.
“I planned on going.” I said. “I’ve never been to a Halloween party before, so it’ll be a great experience.”
Sherlock would find out what Greg knew about John, however, even if it was the last thing he did.
"Absolute madman." The words were painfully fond, and Sherlock glanced down to see a matching look on John's face. Heart caught in his throat, Sherlock glanced away, knowing that his expression matched John's.
“It’s nice to finally get a name to put with your face.” Sherlock said.
"Oh, he
Sherlock snorted loudly, causing everyone in the room to look at him, including the creature.
"Vampires are not the stuff of myths and legends," Sherlock said, watching Watson's face. "For centuries, we've been hidden. Our human slaves have made it so we don't go on rampages."
John came down less than ten minutes later, a button up that belonged to Father looked dashing on his short frame. In one hand he held a blanket, and in the other was Sherlock’s violin.
At least that’s what I thought. Any idea of Victor being wonderful and kind goes out the window when the he leans forward and presses his lips against Sherlock’s.
"Sherlock, I am proud of you." Father said, and Sherlock felt quite warm. "No more trying to find you a different job. Not from me."
"Interesting observation," I reply hollowly.
“What do most people say?” I ask.
"Very well," Sherlock replied with a nod. "I am curious, what exactly are you?"
“You were there, you saw it.” Sherlock snapped, not looking up as John moved to stand in front of him.
"Not really," Sherlock rolled his eyes. "I already know what house I'm going to be in."
John looked down at Sherlock, slowing his breakneck pace. His hair was just as lovely as the first day Sherlock had seen it, and he reached out to touch it, his limbs moving slowly.
“Of a fashion.” He said. “I am called Sherlock. I hope I won’t see you again.”
"I'm afraid not," Mycroft sighed. "I have a lot to do before next year if I want to become Head Boy."
“Solving crimes
“That would have been reckless and foolhardy.” Sherlock replied, red tail swinging in agitation.
John looked up, grinning at Sherlock’s reddening cheeks. Christmas was far more than passable for him, it was clear.
He knew that I liked Sherlock, and he waited until they were directly in front of me before he decided to get back together with him. It’s the absolute worst thing anyone’s done to me and…
“Phillip Anderson.” The employee said, shaking the DI’s hand wildly.
"So...you went on a rampage because you were bored with Sherlock?" I clarify, feeling way out of my depth. Five minutes ago Jim was a kind, rather simpleminded friend of mine. Now I didn't know what to think.
“Handy things.” Irene laughed. “Though I have to…do you have a
Sitting in front of him were two wrapped gifts instead of one. Sherlock frowned, picking up the smaller of the two and unwrapping it.
“And you killed him.” Mycroft retorted. “I will not remove you from your duties. You are stuck with them forever, and we are stuck with you.”
“Oh, come here.” John said, turning towards Sherlock and grabbing the front of his suit coat, tugging him closer. “I know you aren’t fond of displays of affection, but a kiss in front of your family won’t hurt.”
“Don’t be tedious, John.” Sherlock replied. “You are to be compensated with food and bed.”
He was in love with John Watson.
John hugged Sherlock again, his arms squeezing much harder this time. “Thank you, Sherlock. You are my best friend, okay?”
“I just can’t believe it. I am the only one who knows that his hair colour is fake.” Sebastian freezes when he realises what he said, turning on me quickly. “Don’t tell anyone I said that!”
Even Gryffindor.
Remember, this isn't beta'd, nor is it britpicked. Feel free to point out any mistakes.
He watched Mycroft leave, rolling his eyes before turning to Watson, eyeing him in curiosity.
bored now..."
“I will.” Sherlock said. “Thank you so very much.”
The car was silent for a few seconds, the only sound was the road beneath the tires. There was a soft cough before the blond spoke once again.
“You don’t understand.” Sherlock shook his head, not even foul language from Molly unable to break through his shock. “He was my ticket to a decent Christmas. My parents were finally proud of me for something and-fuck!”
“For a few days.” Molly sighed, not paying Sherlock any mind now. “I have to talk to Father about this, see what he thinks.”
"Oh, of course not." Jim waves a hand. "Not yet at least. I need some sort of leverage over Sherlock Holmes, and you're the perfect candidate!"
He mused as a commotion begins nearby the tent he’s currently in.
“Yes, well…” Sherlock panicked slightly, worried that she could see the blond in his car. “It gets me from place to place.”
"I didn't think-"
"That's not what most people say," Sherlock said.
here?" Jim asks cheerfully, looking around at the crowd.
“Home, remember?” John reminded Jim.
"You do now," John said.
"I don't know," John said. "I mean...Mike said we'd be the perfect match. He was practically a legend in Uni for matching people up."
“Bring him to paradise.” The angel said softly, turning back to Sheol. “He gets to rest in comfort forever with The Shining One.”
*****
“Oh god.” Sherlock gasped, rushing over to the unconscious blond, expecting to see blood on the ice and concrete. Thankfully there would be no lasting damage. He’d have a nasty headache when he wakes up, but that’s about it.
“Will we be meeting Mr Hudson anytime soon?” David asked conversationally, something that seemed to amuse Mrs Hudson.
“Really, it’s no trouble at all.” The other boy interrupted, waving his hand as if to brush John’s apologies aside. “It gives me ample opportunity to use terrible pick-up lines about you falling for me and whatnot.”
“That’s great, good.” John replied patiently. “But I’m a little stuck right now, could you do that for me? Can you get me out of here? I’m in a cottage somewhere in Yorkshire.”
“Excuse me?” Sherlock frowned, looking down at the ex-soldier. “You accept?”
“You’re such a drama queen, Mike.” Greg was grinning.
John lowered himself to one knee, unable to keep the grin off his face as Sherlock turned to look at him once more, his eyes shinier than they had been a few minutes ago.
“We’re taking a survey of all the new students.” He begins smoothly. “Can you answer a few quick questions?”
"Satisfied?" Sherlock asked.
“Is your cherry popped?” The boy asks me. I stare at him in complete confusion. What on earth is he talking about? Was that some sort of dessert option in the lunch line?
Sherlock looked away, and John grinned when he caught the barest flicker of pride on his face. Sherlock Holmes might be a dragon, but apparently they weren’t all bad.
“You’re a real prick, you know that.”
kidnapping you. It’s time to meet the family.”
“Gregory.” Mycroft acknowledge gravely.
EDIT 10/14: Bless you all so much. I had such a terrible weekend, and I lacked internet, so I was totally convinced that everyone hated this story. Your comments turned my entire weekend around, and I thank you so much. This story WILL be continued. I'm plotting out the story right now (as I write my next ficlet.)
Sherlock tugged at his sleeveless jumper, feeling self-conscious. John had several inches on him while they were standing up, and jumpers of any kind only served to make him appear younger than he was.
“As I said, he doesn’t-”
"I have no idea what you're-"
“Yeah, and I’ve invited you to the earlier ones too, and you never came to those.” John rolled his eyes.
Sherlock gets a look on his face that I can’t decipher. I open my mouth to ask if he’s alright, but I’m quickly interrupted by Victor, who is fashionably late.
“It really is.” Bill agreed. “Jim and Sebastian were good together, you know.”
"Why did you look angry earlier?" John asked, feeling flustered.
"You think so?" Sherlock finally asked.
"Why didn't we take a cab there?" John asked after a few minutes of silence. He was watching London pass by through the window.
