Leaving the doctor's office building, Steve stood still when he noticed Tony rushing toward him and Bucky; seeing his husband at this moment, made all the happy feelings that Steve felt since knowing that he had a girl disappear, leaving him with the harsh fact of his husband not being with him. "Steve!" Tony called out as he stood in front of the Omega, making Steve shift in his place, and took in his husband who was wearing a fancy suit and seemed to be collected and not out of breath as he should be.
' over and over again, trying to guide him even when Steve felt like he was about to collapse because of the nightmare in front of him. Thanos held Tony's injured head in his hand, he was preparing to kill Tony… what would Steve do?
Steve opened the door and entered the room, holding his sobs as he saw his lover lying on the bed with so many machines attached to him, it made him take shaky steps toward the chair near the bed and sit on it begging God that this was all some sort of a bad nightmare that he will wake up from soon.
"Who is your leader?!" Johann's roars left unanswered, as all the Vikings looked at the king with a thirst for blood, and the things that Steven heard, made him raise his head in alarm. "Bring him here at this moment!" Steven released a shuddering breath, looking around towards their visitors and hides his son's head in his breast, covering his ears as he saw them regard Johann with raised brows or blank stares, and then completely ignored him while turning their eyes to him and his son.
"The thing is… you don't have to, Tony." Steve said gently as he took the Omega's shaking hand in his giving it a gentle squeeze. "Asking for help… or even receiving it, doesn't make you crazy or weak, it meant that you are human… I know you don't see what the use of going to therapy now is, but you will thank me later when the shell shock wouldn't affect you as strong as it does know…" Steve's voice was gentle as he said those words; it made Tony looked down, as he felt his Steve's hand caressing his in a gentle grip
"It's OK…" The boy wheezed as he sat up, and Anthony noticed how the boy avoids straining his left shoulder. "My name is Steve Rogers by the way, and yes, I can walk." The Omega said with amusement and an eye roll, and Anthony had to click his mouth shut at how sarcastic and none challenged the Omega was acting like he wasn't the one who got hit by a car not a minute ago, and why wasn't he panicking? Any other person in his place would have cursed Anthony to hell and back, they will even threaten to call the police and threat that they will see him in court, but this Omega was so calm… he was intriguing. "A drive to the hospital will be great, though." The Omega said which made Anthony stand on his shaky legs and help the Omega up while making sure not to hurt his injured side. When the Omega was in the car, Anthony rushed to the other side of the car and drove to the hospital, all the while keeping an eye on the Omega who was looking at Anthony then at the road, Anthony thinks that the Omega got a concussion from the hit. "Hey, what's your name?" The teen asked which made Anthony nearly crash the car from how surprised he was at hearing the Omega's voice.
Maria could only gaze at Howard who was sitting on the wooden chair from the one-way mirror, she doesn't know what she was supposed to feel, seeing her husband in a Shield's interrogating room, but deep inside she knew she really doesn't give a fuck anymore, Howard had drained her too much for her to care about him, and Tony… what he did to her bambino was the last straw… she should have known, she should, but she didn't, she was recovering from depression and deep down she knew that wasn't an excuse to ignore her son completely when the only thing the younger Alpha did was standing beside her from the start, she knew, but she didn't, in 1998, she thought the reason that Tony used to smile when he was on his phone was that he was talking with Rhodey or one of his friends, she ignored the possibility of him having an almost mate, especially after what happened with Sunset, that retched Omega broke her bambino too much for him to recover, but because of her ignorance, her son paid the price.
The feeling of pride, gratefulness, and elation lasted only a second in Starkad's heart, because suddenly the queen froze in his place, and fell to his side, still frozen unmoved, Starkad gazed at the scene with wide eyes, when he noticed the bloody blade in Hamar's hands and the cruel smile on his face. Suddenly an enraged roar shook the place causing everyone who was gazing at the brawl to freeze, and it was only a second before Starkad realized that the roar came from him, but by then that didn't matter, for Starkad was already descending upon Hamar, making sure to break his face with the strongest punches he was throwing, for he was not holding back anything.
So what do you think?
This baby was one of his creations, as much as Dummy, and his (In the process) AI, he couldn't get rid of him, so what if Tony needed a little bit of outside help to create him? It doesn't matter, because Tony decided on keeping the baby. He just hopes that he wouldn't mess up too much.
Steve, on the other hand, could only squeak as Tony latch into him and refuse to let go; a pretty blush make its way over from Steve's face and disappeared under his shirt, but to Tony's credit he didn't command on it, too busy fake-sobbing and pleading with Steve to give him the secret to making the armor that he dubbed as the 'One' (And an Engagement gift from Steve, not that Steve needs to know about it or anything). "Let me go, you uncultured beast!" Steve squeaked as he tried to wiggle out of Tony's hold, his face turning redder by the second.
"Is that so?" The king asked as he tilted his head, gazing at the Omega with an unreadable look like Steven was a puzzle he was trying to solve. "Then why did you not kill me? I am sure you had a lot of time to come up with a plan that will end up with me dying without you and your people getting accused." The Alpha stated causing the Omega to give him a smug smile, which caused the king to narrow his eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, confusion, a little bit of violence, Steven being an overprotective AF, and Tony is a little shit! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
After Steve finished his tale, Bruce was sitting on his chair crossing his arms over his chest thinking everything through. "Well… as much as I would like to say I know the answers to your questions, I really don't…" Bruce started, cleaning his glasses thinking. "Though, I can see from where Tony is coming from…" Bruce wore his glasses, gazing at Steve's tired face with a gentle look. "Look at it this way, Steve. Let's say that your child, who was the only thing you had in captivity, you protected him, loved him, and tried to do everything to shelter him from the pain of the truth, but the most important one… he never left your eyes because he is always with you, and your mind refused to stop looking after him, but one day you were distracted by something that you forget about your child, who you had spent years taking care of…" Bruce sighs and took a sip of tea, seeing the realization paint Steve's face every second that passes. "I think he was terrified, about how he was able to forget about his child so easily, so he did the only logical thing to him, and that was snapping and even attacking the reason of the distraction…" Bruce looked at Steve who was looking at his teacup with a tired look.
It was after Peggy was able to calm Steven down that everyone took a seat in the living room, with Pepper and Steven sitting on different sides of the room, but everyone knows that if Steven really wanted he could stab the woman without anyone being able to stop him. "I am sure it was all a misunderstanding, right Steven?" Peggy asked, pinching Steven on his right side when the man didn't answer them but kept his mouth shut.
The sound of the front door opening and slamming made the two of them frown, especially Steve who was still angry at Tony, planning on dressing his husband down for not coming nor calling, making the Omega worry about him sick. Whatever words Steve wanted to snap at the Alpha frozen in his throat, his eyes didn't leave the Alpha who was swaying every time he took a step after step inside of the house, and Steve didn't know what to do, frozen in his place wondering how his three years sober husband was drunk right now, the man knew that Steve hated alcohol, and he hated for his husband to be near it after nearly killing himself from alcohol poisoning, so why now of all times did the man decided to drink…
"Is he awake?" Tony finally asked after pulling away from his hiding spot, looking at the stairs with a tired and worried look on his face; it was sweet, as much as Steve knew that this was a serious matter, he couldn't help but think of how sweet and amazing Tony was for having a big heart that seemed to love anyone and everyone without conditions.
"Stay back!" Tony snapped pushing Steve behind him as he raised his repulsors, ready to fire if Thanos came any closer to Steve than he already did; Steve's breath could only hitch in his chest when he noticed that everyone had finally snapped out of their shock, he noticed how Thor was slashing and hammering his way through the Chitauri, trying to reach Steve and Tony and fast as he can, but Steve knew… Steve knew that Thor won't arrive in time.
Most of the time Tony would literally melt in his place when he sees the Alpha dot on his baby, and Peter will beam like the sun, always following the Alpha if he wasn't with Tony trying to learn something new, and the Alpha was all a sport about it and never complained even encouraging the pup to come to him all the time.
"Tony, where are you? Tell me what the hell happened outside, were you attacked by the enemy?" Rhodey asked as he power walked to where Dum-E was wheeling around the place. Crutching down Rhodey raised his brow at the sight Tony was making, covered by the fuzzy pink blanket with the equal fuzzy baby blue pajamas, the ice-cream containers not that far from his leg. "Tones what happened?" Rhodey asked, concern coloring his voice as he took Tony in, probably wondering why Tony looked like this, the only time Rhodey ever saw Tony like this was the day that his parents turned into zombies.
The sound of branch breaking made the Omega blink his eyes tiredly and look at where he thought the sound came from, blinking when he saw no one in sight, it was probably a squirrel, that was all Steven could think of as he stood intending to head back to the garden and finish his work, wondering if he really plans on bothering himself with cooking when he already knew that the Iron King will end up screaming at him, it was a wonder that he didn't catch on Steven burning his food on purpose.
Anton gazed at the
It made Steve realize a lot of things about the commander of Shield, and his respect for the older man increase, it didn't hurt that Fury's mood always gets better when his Goddaughter Megan (Coulson and Maria Hill's daughter) come to visit him every week when she had time.
Their wedding night was the same day Tony told Steve about the truth, about his plan of them eloping away twelve years ago, about the lake house in Ireland, about him and Steve leaving to live in Ireland as soon as their baby got better, something that caused Steve to cry, both in happiness, and in hurt, at the years the two of them wasted because of Howard's jealousy.
"We will darling;
When Steven's feet touched the deck of the ship, his hand was taken roughly once again as he was dragged to where the king wanted him, and Gods how it made Steven's blood boil, and his glare intensifies hoping that the king will feel uncomfortable and let him go
"Do you think I did the right thing?" Tony asked his voice was a choked whisper as he saw Betty stump to her house anger radiating off her in waves. "What if I messed up Harley's chance of getting better? What if I caused him to relapse? What if I stopped him from having the family he wanted? What-" Steve couldn't let Tony continue stressing like that, so the Alpha pulled him in his arms and hugged him tightly, waiting until Tony calmed down a little before letting him pull back, but not letting go completely.
Anton swallowed, trying to banish the memories of pain, fear, and helplessness that took over him. Closing his eyes Anton tried to collect himself, taking a deep breath in the hope of forgetting what he just saw, what he felt. He tried to banish the memories of teary blue eyes as they took him in with panic, he tried to shake away how the woman whispered these words in a low voice that even the man above her didn't hear…
"I will my friend, thank you." Thor called out as he swung Mjolnir around, using her momentum to throw himself up in the air. It had been years since the last time Thor's gaze fell upon Asgard and its golden city, years since he saw his father, mother, and his friends, years since that fated day when Loki fell from the Bifrost into the unknown and hadn't been found yet, even by Heimdall himself.
But that wasn't why the Alpha was searching for the said Omega, but because the Alpha has noticed something wrong with the man, maybe it was his imagination, but the Alpha was sure that the Omega was falling ill, something that Starkad didn't need to happen in his house, it was enough that he has to deal with a disrespectful healthy Omega, he doesn't need a disrespectful whiny Omega who may infect his son with his illness, and that was one of the reasons he hated the Omega a little, his boy always follow that Omega everywhere, even if the Omega wasn't aware of that, Starkad though, knew that the reason for his son behaving was because it was the first time the small Alpha saw how a mother treated a pup, something the young babe didn't experience as his dam has died when he was born.
"What does that mean for Steven? Should we tell him about Thanos?" Bucky finally asked, his eyes catching Peggy's and the two of them had a silent conversation that made everyone uncomfortable, especially when both Bucky and Peggy frown darkly.
?" Steve asked in a soft voice gazing at Tony with soft eyes; that made Tony scowl mainly because his heart started pounding like a crazy bird in his chest that wanted to be let out. Swallowing Tony's eyes darted around the place until they stilled on the bar in the far end of the room, it was true that Tony stopped drinking ages ago, but if Tony played his cards right, he may gain a few minutes to gather himself before having to interact with Steve again.
Steven stopped his munching on the bracelets with a frown… those words were actually quite familiar like he heard it once; when Steven understood what that thing said he snarled and turned to it, planning on pummeling it down. "I am not insane!" Steven's heart pounded in his chest as his heart start hurting… he was called by that name again… he was called an insane one again, by a lesser being no less, a being that didn't stay with him a full day was calling him insane… everyone called him that, everyone thinks that he has lost his mind, he had lost his sanity for falling in love with a Midgardian, he was insane for refusing the son of Odin as his future king, he was insane for saving Loki, he was insane for having his shine dulled by a broken heart… he was always called that, always treated and bullied like he was nothing but debris that was floating in space… and this… this thing! Dared to call him the insane one!
"OK, the first one is someone called Stane, he was the reason that Tony's heart is bad, Tony killed him, but I think that you will want to go after his soul?" Bruce said shivering at the dark look in Steve's eyes. Personally, Bruce would have taken a killer Steve who will do his kills with a huge smile on his face like a cheerful child, not this silent shadow who was planning to burn the world in a cold blood.
The winds pick up, sending a chill down Tony's spine, and he gazed at Stane, whose attention seemed to be away from Tony. Taking this as his chance Tony tried to take a step away from Stane, only to flinch when he heard another gunshot and Stane snarling in an angry voice; Tony could only shake as he tried to take another step toward the lake, for he knows that if someone will save him then it will be the lake, he just needs to reach it.
"Yes, baby…" Tony's voice cracked as he came toward their son, smiling gently through the tears, rushing to hold Peter tightly when their baby let out a shaky sob. "Shhhh, baby, it's OK, I'm here now, don't cry." Tony shushed their baby gently, rocking him as their son clutched tightly to Tony letting out small cries and hitched breath, causing Steve's eyes to shine with unshed tears.
"T… Tony…" Steve choked as he stood up; his legs wobble as he took a step toward his husband, which made Tony slip through the policeman's restraining arms and rush to Steve, pulling him into his arms, making Steve sob harder and harder at the familiar scent that surrounded him.
"Calm? Calm?!" Tony shriek as he stood up from his place, his arms tightening around Morgan who let out a whine, ready to start the waterwork and inform Tony of how unhappy she was. "You fucker! I will show you what being calm is!" Tony shouted, the book in his hand was hurled at Bucky who cursed and raised his hand to protect himself from the oncoming flying object. "Liars! The lots of you! Lairs; monsters, insane!" Tony shrieked darting around the place as he finally managed to go to the door of the playroom, crawling out of the door and getting out of the closet.
It was only a minute or so before James came back inside, dragging Petrus with him. The smaller boy was trying hard to make James let go of him, but between the two of them, James was the strongest so Petrus struggling didn't work. Steven raised his eyebrow at James; gaining nothing but a sheepish look from his pup, who let go of Petrus and rushed toward his bedside, giving him his famous puppy dog eyes.
Tony was able to hold Steve a hostage in his bed for one hour before the Omega said enough is enough and marched toward Peter; at first, Tony was against that, wanting Steve to get all the rest he can get so that he will recover (And spend as much time as he can with him before he was forced to give his time with Steve to their friends and family). The thing was, Steve was perfectly fine; he was good, feeling like he could take on the world by a storm. Breathing was never as it was now; moving too, it was addictive moving around the place without pain and hurt sneaking around him and weighing him down.
Four hours, they waited four hours, before they heard anything about Tony and the pup, four agonizing hours. Steve glance at Maria who was passed out, leaning on Howard who was gazing at the white hospital walls with a dazed look, Peggy was holding a sleeping Angie, and she was too nodding off now and then, the crying drained her out, Jarvis (God bless him) told Steve he was going to bring some clothed for Tony and the Pup, never once did he give any reason for Steve to doubt the pup's survival, Natasha called him every hour, asking if she can come, or if they needed anything, or she was updating him on what's happened in Shield since Peggy, Steve, and Howard left, Steve asked her what did she found in the cell, the Alpha paused a little before she answered him, Steve told her to bring everything to him, he didn't know why, but he told her to bring the newspaper that talked about the Starks reappearing, and some papers that talk about all type of bonds of fated mates.
Tony who in a last-ditch attempt to fight back, managed to grape a sword from the battleground before Thanos left him off with his hand, Tony could only slash and stab the sword wildly at Thanos. However, Thanos simply tore the sword from Tony's hand and ruthlessly stabbed his lover in the abdomen with it, ending the fight. It was then that Nebula let go of him, and Steve couldn't even do anything, he could only watch with wide eyes as his lover coughed blood, shaking in Thanos' hold…
It made Steve wonder, it made him doubt himself, it made him feel unbalanced, wondering why the change of heart all of sudden; what did Steve do that made Tony pull away from him? Was it the pregnancy? Was it Howard? Was it Bucky? What did Steve do? It left Steve nervous, it left him heart broken, it left him scared, thinking that this is it and that Tony would leave him any day now. Steve was seriously thinking about going to SI, kidnapping Tony, and taking his mate with him to couple therapy, mainly to know why his husband seemed to hate him all of sudden.
"Yeah, keep telling yourself that, Stark, or should I say, Carbonell? I don't know, after all, I apparently don't really know you this well." Steve spite out as he took the knife cutting the vegetable with more force than necessary making Tony flinch at the sound of the knife slamming the cutting board every time the Omega swing it.
May and Ben finally became parents, their small boy was born three months after Steve gaining the serum. Peter had gotten attached to Harley so fast that he starts pestering Tony and Steve about wanting a little brother something that caused both Steve and Tony to flush in two parts embarrassment, one part longing, which end up with one part lust, but the two of them reign themselves thankfully, though that didn't stop Bucky and his girlfriend from pestering them about their next child (Bucky finally gained the courage to ask Natasha out after Steve kicked him in the ass).
"I always bath when a foul scent rub on me." Steven said as he looked forward, eyes not looking at Johann's face that became red with anger. Steven raised his hand to touch his throubing cheek, the sound of the slap made James whine and clutch his mother's dress, hiding his face in his mother's skirt when Johann looked at him. Whatever foul words Johann wanted to say, he was cut by the screams and shouts coming from the outside, the cries became louder making Steven tense when he understood the words, which were screamed in terror…
"Mama!" Both Peter and Harley cried as they entered his room, rushing toward Tony and climbing on the bed beside him, holding him tightly as they finally turned their attention to the baby, after making sure Tony was OK. Peter to his credit was the first to touch his sister by raising his finger to poke his sister on the cheek, which caused his sister to hold his finger and refuse to let go even when Peter tried to pull his finger away.
"Please stop! Hurt…." Tony let out a sob, shivering in pain and fear as more voices assaulted him, not letting him catch his breath. Sitting on the white nothing under him, Tony shiver as he held himself tightly, trying to block the voices that nearly split his eardrums with their constant chatters and orders and screams. Suddenly there was silence… louder than the words that were screamed in Tony's ears, causing Tony to shiver and look around him terror rising in his heart when he realizes he was alone…
Tony took a shuddered breath, wiping the moisture from under his eyes before he starts crying here and now; turning his eyes to Harley, he sniffed when he saw that the boy was asleep in his chair, his head pillowed by his arms. "I… I can't bring him back, Betty…." Tony said going to the barista and telling her about packing his order to go, ignoring the disbelieving noises that Betty let out in her rage. "I am taking him home, I am sorry, but I can't bring him back," Tony stated with a strong voice, clicking the phone shut and ignoring Betty's calls of his name.
Steve wondered what he was going to do now that everything went down… literally. Part of Steve was wondering what he would tell his daughter when Tony finally get fed up and end up leaving Steve forever; would his daughter blame him for leaving Tony and ruining their family, or would Howard play his stupid games and take his daughter away from him? Steve was scared, he was scared and tired and in pain; the major part of Steve was begging him to return to Tony, just return and turn the blind eye, letting his husband do what he wants, whenever he wants if it means it would salvage his marriage and home. Steve doesn't want his daughter to grow up without her father, he doesn't want her to blame or hate him for taking her Dad from her just because Steve was too difficult to deal with.
Groot and Rocket stayed silent, letting the Avengers take in their words and come to the conclusion that suited them. Steve… Steve on the other hand could only bite his tongue as harsh as he can to stop himself from screaming and crying and cursing, he could only clutch his shaking hands tightly hoping that it won't give him away… it was true, the vision he saw was true, Asgard had failed, they had failed and now Thanos was going to come to Midgard; Thanos was going to come to Midgard and destroy the place that Steve loved and adored with all of his broken heart, Thanos was going to come and hurt his family, he was going to hurt his lover, he was going to come and hurt
"Are you really a star?" Peter asked staring at him suddenly shifting to his father to confirm the news, getting a nod from Tony which caused the young boy squeal happily and advance at Steven, all of his sadness forgotten for a second, the news of him living with a star seemed too much for his poor little heart. "Oh, oh, if you are a star, then do you have a lot of star friends, do they all look like you? Is my lucky star your friend? What do you eat? You don't look like the fairies I imagined the stars to be…" Peter jumped around asking questions after question not even taking the chance to breathe, which caused Steven to become a little anxious, but Tony wasn't glaring or grimacing, he was actually grinning at the boy's enthusiastic responses.
"Anthony Carbonell." Hearing that name made Tony sick, made his voice vanish, so he just raised his hand and stood up, following the nurse that called him. "Wait in her Mr. Carbonell. Dr. Cho will be with you any minute now." Said the woman after leading him to set on the chair when his legs couldn't support him anymore, Tony swallow at that and nods his head feeling like he was going to be sick any minute now.
Choked on fear, Tony snarled as he raised the book and threw it at the person who dared to come closer to him and his daughter, not caring about the shocking cries; his only goal was to protect Morgan before something happened to her. In the second and the third book, Tony managed to grape fast and threw them at the persons/shadows; Tony ignored the shouts and orders he continued to hear from the shadows in front of him (Whoever they were) as they tried to come closer to him. "Stay back!" Tony could only scream, his mind still played the horrifying scene of Steven protecting him and dying in the process.
To be honest, it was concerning Tony more and more as the days passed, how his baby was getting attached to the lake and the monster within, when she doesn't even know the fate that would wait for her the second she would get close. "Tony…" A familiar voice made Tony snap from his dark thought as he turned to the source of the sound, his lips twitching down when he saw that the person who called him was no one other than Peggy Carter, who was walking toward him with her husband.
"Sweetie, don't cry, love, don't cry, I knew about that, please don't cry." Tony cooed pulling Harley into his embrace, kissing his head, and rocking him until he calmed down, wondering if he can do anything to make his baby stop crying. "It's just a glass baby, I would never punish you, especially for something as stupid as this, so don't cry, sweetie." Tony kept whispering reassuring words into Harley's ears, holding the boy tightly in his arms and letting his calming scent out, hoping that Harley would calm down; it took time but in the end, Harley finally calmed down, leaning tiredly on Tony as he tried to stifle his yawns but failing. "Sleepy?" Tony asked, getting a small nod from Harley who let out another yawn and clutched Tony's shirt tightly in his hands, causing the Omega to smile at that. "Why don't you sleep here with me tonight?" Tony asked, causing Harley to look up at him and blink before looking down, causing Tony to think that he messed up a big-time until he heard the small
/Warning/: this chapter contains, cursing, a little bit of sadness, fluff, Steve is a grumpy little snowflake but he will get better, and Peter is the cutest little fella out there! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
It ends up with Steve carrying Tony and putting him in the wheelchair in the corner that Jarvis brought earlier that day, he made sure not to dislodge the IV drip when he was doing that, Steve then took Tony toward the room that was attached to this room, that contained the pup. The second the entered the room and Tony's eyes fell on his pup, he starts sobbing loudly and trying to move toward the pup who was lying on the bed motionless.
"Howard, what's going on?" Asked Peggy as she stood up making Howard pauses and grin at her.
“Where are Steve and Peter, aren’t they coming?” Pepper asked after she stood up and hugged Tony tightly before letting go and pulling Megan from Tony’s leg, getting a grateful look from the Omega, who could finally walk freely without fear of hurting the children. “I don’t see them.” Pepper pouted causing Tony to let out a soft chuckle, everyone knows about Pepper’s puppy crush on Steve, something that everyone including Happy always teases her about.
Tony could say that he was over the moon happy; it has been such a long time since Tony enjoyed himself to the fullest and with his friends too! Pepper and Rhodey planned to stay for two weeks until Tony convinced them to stay one more week with him. The three of them spent two weeks laughing, bickering and annoying each other while doing their chores but nonetheless they enjoyed themselves. In the two weeks Pepper and Rhodey stayed with him, Tony noticed that nothing of the usual strange incidents accrued around his house anymore; he noticed that there was no sound of a body being dragged under his floors after the second night, there was no longer someone messing with his gardens and destroying his veggies, and the lake seemed more calm and quiet than it was when Tony arrived months ago, which all lead to Tony realizing maybe that it was true and this was nothing but his imagination in play, and that the reason he was scared all the time was his mind playing tricks on him.
"Peter Benjamin Rogers, didn't I tell you not to run away when we are in strange places?" Tony heard the Alpha behind him scolding the whining pup which made him take a deep breath and turn to the Alpha who was crossing his huge arms over his chest, well everything in the Alpha was huge, but who was Tony to talk when he was five feet eight? Everything looked huge to him! Which was something he will never admit even in his grave. "I am sorry for what he did Mr. Stark, as soon as he saw you he ran toward you before I could stop him." The Alpha said which snapped Tony out of his daze and made him shake his head a little.
Poor baby! Poor Tony! What's going on?!
"Interesting…" Steven murmured as he stood up from the couch, coming to where Tony was standing and gazing at the pieces of the armor around the table. "You know, the last time I gazed at Midgard, you have only just invented the first steam-powered railway." Steve smiled as he said those words, his gaze becoming distant like he was lost in memories.
I admit the chapter was not like how I imagine it; first I thought it would be longer and better written than this.
So what do you think?
Tony let out a moan of pain as he straightened himself, running his hand gently on his forehead, wondering if there will be a pump left on his forehead with the way it was throbbing. "Tony!" Rhodey's scared tone, made Tony shake his head and grumble to himself, narrowing his eyes when he saw a light coming from a slight in the closet; he should really wait for Rhodey, but the rebellious part of him, once again acted on its own.
"Safe? Safe? You sure as hell have a strange definition for the word safe!" Tony screamed his breath coming out in harsh pants as he glared at Bucky and Peggy. "What is safe when I am constantly being haunted by your
"I can babysit Peter today if you want, there wouldn't be any problems and my house is right there." Tony said as he pointed toward his house to the right that was two houses away from Sarah's on the same side, which caused Steve to look at Tony tiredly with a stressed look.
"Listen, boy, I do not know what my counterpart has done, but make this known to you, I will never hurt my son." Odin hissed after he stopped in front of Steven which made the man look at Odin with cold eyes.
Luck doesn't seem to be with him today, because once he was inside of his house he saw that Howard was sitting in one of the sofas in the living room, and God, how Tony wanted to scream. As soon as Howard saw him he stood up with an understanding look on his face, and something inside Tony snapped, Howard has no right to look at him like this like he knows what it feels like to lose his pup when he was the reason for it. "Are you satisfied?" Tony said after he wetted his lips, he stopped Howard from saying anything by raising his hand which made the Alpha close his mouth and look at Tony sadly begging the Omega to understand. "He is dead…" Tony whispered looking to the side trying desperately to stop himself from crying in front of Howard, it was one thing to show a small weakness, it was another to cry his heart out in front of the Alpha, it was like admitting that Obadiah had won.
Finally an update!
"Y-yes! If you let me go and never hurt me I will give you the list of every person who hurt Tony and made him cry!" Bruce said in one breath, desperately hoping that Steve will let go of him and accept this humble barging, because other than the name of the bastards that hurt Tony, Bruce has nothing to trade Steve for his safety.
Until next time!
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, anxiety, fluff, Peter is a precious bean, Tony finally getting a chance with Steve and nearly blowing it up, and Steve is still a BAMF, and who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
"It started sixteen years ago… a few months after I started living with Peggy and Bucky." Natasha finally spoke after a while of silence, her face darkens as she remembered the past. "Back then, the town did not accept people living in it easily, only those who had nowhere to go or were running away from their personal hell were allowed in this town, that is after they were told about Rogers and the rules they should follow to the T if they were planning on staying here for the rest of their life." Natasha started, her words causing Tony to bite the inside of his cheek as he glared at the lake.
Reaching his bed Steve yawns, planning on taking a short nap before starting to prepare dinner. What stopped him from sinking in his bed was the sound of his cellphone ringing, which made Steve groan in annoyance. Steve snatched his phone from the nightstand, thinking that the caller was his husband; Steve pressed the answer button, planning on giving his husband a piece of his mind. "Hello?" Steve answered with an annoyed voice, hoping that Tony could hear his annoyance through the phone.
Tony sniffed a little as he turned his face to the review mirror, trying to tidy himself as best as he can, pasting a happy smile on his face as he opened the car's door and get out, walking toward the front door to his house, putting on a fake cheer, in hope of being able to fool the Alpha and the pup inside of his house…
That made Steve head snapped up and turns around in circles, which made everyone look at him with strange looks… Steve didn't care as his breath starts speeding, the singing was coming… from down… he thought as he looked at the floor. Without a warning, Steve starts running down the halls, going down, down, down! He heard shouting and footsteps followed him, but Steve didn't care, he had to go down…
Harley snuggled into his arms, his mind drifted toward what happened a week ago; part of Harley was still in disbelieve, wondering how and why Mr. Tony didn't punish him for breaking the glass even when it was an accident, another part of Harley was wondering if Mr. Tony was afraid of Mr. Steve leaving if he raised a hand on Harley so that's why he didn't touch him. The idea of not being punished for an accident was unheard and unthinkable to Harley, it was like a joke that his mind refuse to make sense of.
Steve ignores the people in the room with him, but he was sure he saw Maria Stark and Bucky there somewhere, but he can't spare them a look until he was finished with the fucker in front of him. "What the fuck is the meaning of this?" Steve hissed as he slammed the letter on the desk making everyone jump at the loud noise he made.
"No, no, no, no, no, no! You are lying, you are lying!" Steve shrieked, refusing to believe these words no matter how much Peggy told him they were true. It's impossible, it's insane! Was Peggy telling him that all of his life with Tony from the start was a made-up dream? A lie his subconscious conjured? Was all of his life a lie from the start? His high school, his college, his personal life with his mother and father was a lie? It can't be! Peggy must be insane! No, he was probably the insane one because he was talking to a person who died years and years ago! Steve continued to shriek and scream, accusing Peggy of lying to him and that every little thing she said was not true. It didn't take a long time for the doctors and nurses to come in and try to sedate him so he wouldn't hurt himself, telling him gently to calm down and that everything is going to be fine (Liars!) when darkness took hold of his this time around…
"Anton, what are we to do now?" Jamti shouted, his bow and arrow ready, waiting for Anton to say the word for him to fire. Anton growled as he stood up, his sword in his hand as he turned to the bear, narrowing his eyes as he prepared to fight the beast.
Tony already hated Bucky for being in their life, Steve doesn't need any more reason to be cross with Tony when the man already think that Bucky did something with Steve (Which was fucked up, because out of the two of them Steve was the most loyal to this marriage) it was a nightmare waiting to happen from the start; still, Steve couldn't help but feel sympathy about what Bucky was feeling right now.
In the past three years, a lot of things changed, and a lot of things continued to change. Rhodey and Carol finally end up marrying each other, both of them still in the air force and it seems that both of them determent to never quit or have any children, but the two of them were happy and that what was important. Clint and his mate and children were happy; they end up adding another member into their family, when Clint gave birth to their third child two years ago, a young boy by the name Nathaniel. Bruce and Betty, on the other hand, didn't want children just like Rhodey and Carol; they said they were good without them, though Tony wonders from times to times if it wasn't something else. The Barnes though were happy that their children had finally left the nest as Winnie liked to say, Rebecca or Becca's as she liked to be called finally ends up mating with her lover after graduating college, it ends up with Winnie crying her eyes out on his couch, Rose and Lora the twin ends up going into college to study law and medic, Winnie was still trying to get Tony to go out with her elder son on a date, Tony always says 'No'. An Alpha woman ends up moving back in the neighbor a year ago, Sarah Rogers, apparently she was an old friend of Barnes and used to live here before moving to Queens, Tony met her a few times, she was friendly and kind, and made it her mission to make Tony smile if she could, Tony was grateful. As for him and Pepper's family, they were on good terms, if he wasn't in their house they were in his, there was never a day that passes without them talking to each other. Another thing that took a place was his and his father's relationship got better in the end, and what made him happy there was no Stane; it was rough at the start, when SI turns its direction to clean energy, but after the new inventions that Tony creates, that turns every head to it, everything was good.
1-Ég vona að þeir skeri tunguna fyrir vanþóknun þína þá, hrokafulli hóru son þinn -I hope they cut your tongue for your insolence then, your arrogant son of a whore.
Spots start dancing in front of Steve's eyes as he tried to gasp for breath, his baby's cries increased as he shrieked and called for him, begging him to stand up and move… and God, how much Steve hated himself for putting his baby through this, he hopes with all of his heart that Tony will come and save his baby from the dark fate that awaits for him if Steve was killed by this bastard.
And yes, Howard is a bastard in this one.
No spookiness in this chapter!
(See the end of the chapter for
"As much as it is tempting to elope with you, sweetheart, our parents will kill us if we dared to do such a thing; don't forget about Winnie, she will skin us alive." Steve murmured as he separated the invitations into three sections, the 'Yes', 'No', and 'Maybe' which made Tony give a pleasing purr at how consideration his Alpha was.
"Please, just go and do what I said, I would be fine." Tony plea with his kids, ordering them to climb down before the person who trespasses on their house found they were aware of their presence. After a harsh stare down between Harley and Tony, the older boy finally nods his head with trembling lips and shiny eyes, leading a soft crying Peter toward the rope before urging the boy to climb after him.
"Dis is a tree!" Peter pointed out proudly looking at Steve and Tony who looked at what he was pointing at with amused smiles on their faces, though Howard and Maria tried to hide their laughter and were having a hard time at that.
The Avengers were called on a mission, it was supposed to be an easy mission (Fury's words) just detain the Scarlet Witch, just take hold of her and stop her from killing more people, just that. Only when they reached the Witch's hideout, she wasn't there, it was a trap, a trap meant for Tony from the look of it.
Howard smiled with an undertone of sadness to it, the older Alpha walked toward Tony, standing in front of his son. "You have grown up…" Howard whispered, taking Tony in, disbelieve and happiness shining in Howard's eyes; the Alpha looked at Tony like he couldn't believe that the little Omega had grown up so fast when he wasn't there. "Your Mom would have wanted you to have this." Howard smile as he took a small white box from his pocket.
Tony smiled as he saw all the children eating breakfast, the screams and squeals were heard inside of the dining hall, but it was happy sounds, Tony gave a nod to the other workers and volunteers, smiling at the children and waving to them before heading toward Darcy, knowing that the woman was going to eat him alive if he didn't tell her what she wanted to know.
Even with the doctors and nurses rushed toward him, trying to call him down, trying to sedate him last he hurt himself…
"Calm down foolish king, I did not mean to embarrass you… much." The queen laughed, which made Anton sputter and turn around, planning on starting a shouting match with the queen to defend his case, did the queen not understand how Anton was practically dying right now? Not only was he compared to a peeping predator, but the queen also compared him to a boy who just entered his Alpha-hood, as if!
"I refuse this union!" Peggy screamed which made everyone look at her, Steven wondering what the hell was going on, and if he should leave already because it seems that Steven throws himself into something that categorizes as 'None of his business!' which made Steven uncomfortable as hell. "As Tony's family and the Alpha of the pack, I refuse this union! I refuse to give my blessing! And unless you want to fight me, Steve, I suggest you make a run for it." Peggy hissed which made the Alpha try and stiffen his growl, looking at Tony who had tears in his eyes and looking at his aunt with a begging look, only for the woman to keep glaring at Steve, which made the man bit the inside of his cheek and get out of the library with no care about being naked.
/Warning/: This chapter contains cursing, darkness, horror elements, creepiness, torture (Mentioned); Steve is so in love! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
So what do you think?
The man let out a tired sigh when he reached the kitchen, opening the fridge and taking a bottle of water, drinking half of it on his way back to bed, letting out a tired sigh as he looked around the place with sleepy blue eyes, wondering what was the reason for the loud noise that awoken him.
"Tony, I don't know what to choose." Steve stated, causing everyone to tense, and Tony know deep down that they were ready to take Steve and corrupt him; saying that they will help by ordering him subtly to choose the movie they want to see the most, and hell if Tony was going to let that happen!
"Hey, Steve…" Bucky gave a small smile as he waved to Steve from his place next to the door, causing Steve to blink his eyes once more and wonder if he was finally losing his mind. Was Steve losing his mind? Why would Bucky of all people come and check on him? Steve liked to think that the two of them were friends, but Bucky was Tony's brother, so Steve thought that even if the two didn't seem to see eye to eye, Bucky would always choose his brother's side.
When he entered SHIELD, he shuddered as he saw everyone stopping what they were doing, staring at the Omega as a tense silence filled the air. The Omega swallowed and walked inside, wondering what was going on, wondering if everyone knew about his fight with Steve; the Omega continued to walk toward the place he remembered Peggy's office was at, hoping to find Steve there.
Margaret asked as she leaned on the bars gazing around the place like a frightened dear inspecting the place for any predators, which made Steven's heart give a small pang at the fear he saw in Margaret's eyes, Margaret who did not fear the Hydra king himself was left shivering by the sight of the Iron king alone.
That left Tony, Steve, Thor, and Clint… no scratch that, it left only Tony and Steve because not a few seconds after Natasha disappeared, Clint went after her like a lost puppy. Thor, on the other hand, sends Tony a threatened glare before he stood up, and going to bed, something about needing to check on the progress of the Bifrost by doing some handy wavy magic that will transport his Astral form to Asgard.
But it ended with Steve freezing in his place when his eyes fell on Tony, taking in the man with wide eyes. Steve remembers the fight Tony had with Bucky, he remembers the punch that Bucky gave to Tony how the Alpha broke his brother's nose, he even remembers his husband's nose bruising and swelling up like a grape which informed Steve that it will take a long time for the Alpha to heal from such a sucker-punch. But the thing was, Tony's nose is… is all healed? Perfect? Wasn't broken? Steve doesn't know what to think anymore, as he spent the time looking at Tony's nose like it holds all the secrets to the universe. "…happened?" Steve's words trail off, the Omega not knowing what to say, his gaze never strays from the Alpha's nose.
/Warning/: This Chapter contains, cursing, sadness, heartbreak, crying, fluff, and Steve being protective AF! And who knows what? All reviews are appreciated. This chapter was beta by the amazing 'neutronkid' on Discord! Come join us on 'Put On The Suit (18+) it's an amazing and welcoming community!
"It's okay…" Steve whispered, holding Tony making Tony feel safe. "I love you. I've got you
"Shh, Jarvis I get everything under control…"
It made Bucky look at Steve and pull him tightly in his arms afraid to let him go, he wondered, it was the only thing he has now, he wondered how much Steve had felt helpless in the past years they were apart. "It's OK; we can go to Peter's father and demand that he pays child support." Bucky said knowing that Tony would have already offered that to Steve, but knowing the Omega the punk was too prideful to except.
When he turns around he found that it was Dummy who did it, by the orders of JARVIS. He doesn't remember what happened that night, other than how he screamed at JARVIS and Dummy, how he chased the robot hoping to get the knife back, how he screamed and cried and begged them to just give it back, that he wanted to be with his baby… he didn't remember much other than JARVIS' words that left him shaken…
Two years since Tony decided to return back to New York, not to stay, no, but to finally check on his friends whose news was cut off for a year, leaving Tony worried sick, and confused about what the hell was going on with his friends. Thankfully, Rhodey and Pepper were fine, if a little stressed and banged, apparently, Howard had accused them of kidnapping and killing Tony; because there was no news from Tony, no body to be found, the case had proceeded and his friends were nearly prosecuted, thankfully the two of them had a strong alibi, not only where the two of them out of the country the day of the 'kidnapping', but his mother also testified with his friends against his father, the only thing that saved his friends from jail. That though, didn't stop people from talking, didn't stop reporters from harassing his friends and mother, nor from breakig and enter from the noisy gossipy mongrels. It was only when Tony was back to New York with a child in tow that people finally put two in two and stopped from harassing his friends for his 'death'.
"And you think I am not?" Fury asked with something akin to wonder in his eye, the surprise was clear on his face but Tony didn't point it to the man. "What if you were wrong, Mr. Carbonell? What if I am just like Carter and Barnes? Would you take my word for the truth if I told you that Steven Rogers is our savior and hero?" Fury asked, tilting his head to the side, a thoughtful look on his face when he saw Tony's face twitch down.
Rogers… he… he was kind, helping Tony when the younger man did nothing but run away, screaming and crying as he tried to hide Morgan away from what he thought was nothing but a monster… a monster that showed Tony more humanity and kindness than his father managed to show him in all of his 20 years of life. Tony blinked once more, letting out a shuddered breath as he silently left the sofa, surrounding his daughter with as many pillows and cushions as he can so that she won't fall.
Steve took a shuddered breath at that as he brought Tony tightly toward his chest, kissing his head as he starts rocking the Omega trying to calm him down, crooning to him, until the Omega stopped crying, but he was still clutching Steve's shirt in his own hands. "I can't say I know what you feel like Tony… but I can say I went through something similar once upon a time… thank you… for not breaking my trust." Tony heard the Alpha whisper quietly, so quietly that Tony was sure those words were not meant to be heard, but the Omega heard them anyway and he nodded his head, taking deep breaths, breathing in his lover's scent, calming himself down even farther…
"Hello…" Tony hummed which made the small cat give a meow and licked Tony on his cheek, making the Omega hum at that and blink his eyes open, looking at the ground hoping to see Steve still there, but the man seemed to have already got up and tidy the place before going out of the room, that made a small pout make itself known on the Omega's face, he really wanted to see Steve.
"Yes, that's true… it was only after his death that Sharon finally came forward and confess, she managed to save all the evidence that Rogers manage to gather on Pierce and an uproar took over the town; many took Pierce's side, other's took the Rogers's side. Sharon couldn't handle the harassment she was getting from everyone, that's why she… she killed herself near the lake; as for the Rogers family, they left the town and disappeared one night." Fury shifted in his place, his words causing Tony to become speechless, especially because of the vast difference between the articles he read and the story Fury was telling. "It was then that Rogers finally… return… terrorizing Pierce and his followers until Rumlow came and confess of his and his father's crimes, not wanting to be killed by Rogers like what happened to his friends… it was madness, the day that Rogers showed himself to everyone, exposing everyone and the dark secrets they held… everyone thought that after Pierce died and Rumlow being held in an asylum, Rogers would have disappeared after taking the revenge he was after, but he didn't. It is thirty years later and Rogers doesn't seem like he was going to leave the town anytime soon." Fury's words caused Tony to press his lips tightly, wondering in the back of his mind if this was just a big fat joke that he was in the middle of.
"You won't dare!" Betty hissed, causing Tony to raise his eyebrow, challenging Betty, which caused the woman to groan in defeat. "Fine, God, you are even worse than Clint when he sticks his nose in something. Come with me, I will tell you, if anyone from the clinic asked, I will say you forced me and I hate you." Betty grumbled as she stood up, knowing damn well that Tony won't stop pestering her until she told him what he wants to know, and that is she didn't he will hack the clinic server and by then she will wish she had told him, just to spear her of what will happen.
"… and remember, Peter, if someone picked on you, you tell me straight away so I can turn their lives into a living nightmare!" Steve ordered, causing the boy to grin happily and nod his head, probably thinking about how Steve would allow him to web them to the ceiling in his lair to be feed on later.
The weeks leading to the heat were insane, that's all Tony was going to say about the case, between Steve being on a mission and not coming back until his heat occurred, establishing Peter into a new room one that will be his, stocking in on the supplies, making his nest and his instincts getting the better of him a few times… Tony was this close to pleading for his heat to come, hell, he was even ready to do a ritual dancing to summon the heat if that was all it takes to get it over with, it didn't stop him from being sour that Steve was still on a mission and was in radio silence until it was over.
If Tony managed to hide Morgan away, he would manage to pull Howard's attention away from his baby. Tony wondered what Howard would do when he catches him, probably not something good… it was never good… but if he hides his baby, then at least there was a chance for his child to live, and if his baby lived then the chance of Bucky and Peggy finding her and taking care of her is big. "Please, please, please, please…" Tony whispered as he reached Morgan's room, managing to get inside and slam the door shut and locking it; Tony knew it was only a temporary fix, not even the reinforced door and lock could handle his father (Tony reinforced his baby's room in the fear of Rogers hurting her, if only he knew the room would be used to protect his daughter against another terrifying monster).
"Please leave…" Steve said after a while of silence which made Bucky's heart drop, no, Steve can't do this, Steve had to listen, if not for himself then for his son. "Please Bucky, don't make yourself the enemy." That shut Bucky up and he walked to Steve holding him tightly for a few seconds then kissing the back of his head before leaving the room planning to return to the mansion…
"Where the hell did you pick that up?" Tony asked, still gazing at the shark as though the beast was going to disappear any second now; maybe Tony stayed in the sun way too long that he started to hallucinate a shark? Because surely, his husband wouldn't run toward him with two tons, eleven feet, and one of the most dangerous beasts of the seas.
It took Tony three hours of driving through the forest to reach the town that was called 'Shield' a strange name for a town… one that wasn't mentioned on any map so far. Tony blinked when he finally spotted the town, relief taking him over when he realized that what the man informed him of was true, and not one of his father's many mind games. The village was quiet and lively at the same time. As Tony drove through it, he saw people stop and look at his car every time he passed a place, giving Tony the chills, wondering what kind of shit he's thrown himself into.
Another chapter is here! Neglected so many fics to update this chapter…
"Damn, I need to get me one of those." Peggy muttered to herself which made everyone blink and look at her, her face was blank but you can see the fascination and amusement in her eyes. "I never saw an Omega shake an Alpha's voice like that; I guess I now knew who wore the pants in that relationship." She said sending Tony a knowing look which the Alpha flush a little but a smile took over his face.
"Why are you asking? It's not like you Addams aren't planning on killing me after I marry Steve; isn't that why you told me about your husband, a subtle threat?" Tony asked, raising his head, glaring at Serpentine daring the woman to say no to his words, after all, Tony never heard of a Normal marrying an Addams in the twenty-one century, and even if they did, their relationship would probably be doomed just like Serpentine and her husband; the crazy ghost giggled (Giggled!) when she talked about killing him! So what would make his marriage with Steve any different?
"See, I told you he wasn't nice when he goes in one of his fits." A new voice peeped which made the blond growl at that and stand up, already planning to kick the one who said those words, a crazy person he wasn't, but the stress of what happened to him and being surrounded by idiotic Midgardian was enough to tick him off.
Tony sighed to himself as he moved a little, waking up with a smile on his face as he saw his baby snorting happily beside him, making Tony give a content smile and nuzzle the little pup, making him hum and snuggle into Tony's chest. The Omega smiled widened as he looked over the edge of the bed to see Steve sleeping silently with Goose, the Alpha never demanded anything from him the past three months since they start dating, always patient with him, always understanding, and the Omega really appreciates the Alpha for that, for giving him the freedom to make his choices… it's been three months and the most advance thing Tony got was a kiss on the cheek and a loose hug, which made Tony pout as much as it made him swoon how the Alpha was
"We got a divorce and I got a restraining order against her, told her I never wanted to see her again unless she got the treatment needed. Th- the last thing I heard about her was from her sister as she told me that Peggy started getting the therapy she needed…" Steve's voice was tired and drained as he said those words, hollow, and it made Tony close his eyes tightly and open them looking at the Alpha's eyes seeing the pain and guilt swimming in them.
Starkad thought that the boy will do nothing other than walk and try to stab Hamar with all the strength he has, which was nothing, as the boy was still too young, a youngling that was meant to stay home and help his dam with the house, too young to work in the fields. What the small pup did though, made everyone's eyes widen as they gazed at the small pup who pulled Hamar's hair and start cutting his braid with the dagger; it was as public as the claim can be, the boy, the small pup that was not even six summers, gave the public claiming that Hamar is no longer a free man, the boy practically took Hamar's statue as a free man and turned him into a slave.
"You are going to tell me what you did, if you won't, I suggest you say goodbye to the parasite you are having." Stane growled near his ear, tapping the gun on Tony's belly, causing Tony's breath to hitch in terror at the thought of such a thing near his girl; oh God, the gun could go off any second now and it was near his baby!
"Colonel James Rhodes, Tony's best friend, but you may call me Rhodey." It was then that Tony paled, Rhodey had never told anyone to call him by his nickname unless they were friends or people he was really interested in. Tony flinched as he leaned outside his hiding place, taking in how Rhodey and Rogers chatted for a few more minutes; Tony let out a silent whimper when he saw Rhodey chuckle and try to engage Rogers more into their conversation… it seemed that Rhodey wasn't immune to the Rogers spell… Rhodey was like Pepper now… cursed…
"I… I am sorry, something important came up and I couldn't miss it; I promise I will make it up next time, Steve." Tony said, taking Steve's hands in his, probably hoping that Steve will understand why Tony was late; a few months ago maybe Steve would have listened to Tony and let the Alpha explained himself if this was only the appointment the Alpha had missed. This wasn't the first appointment, it wasn't the second, and it sure seems that it won't be the last, ever since they both knew about him being pregnant, Tony starts pulling away from him, making Steve suspect and doubt himself the more he spent time alone without his mate with him.
"I am going to talk with the doctors for a bit, Becky; can you watch Steve for me until then?" Bucky asked Becky, which ended with the woman sniffing and giving a confirming answer; Steve's breath hitched at that, praying desperately for something to happen so the woman would leave him alone unsupervised. It seemed that whatever God out there did pity Steve, because not a few minutes later, the baby in Becky's arms started to cry, screaming and shrieking when Becky tried to calm her son. After several minutes of the boy not calming down, Becky left the room, probably trying to change the boy or feed him.
"My name is Steven." The blond said, only to hear choking noises coming from Thor, and when Steven turned his gaze to him, he winces at how pale the man had become, as pale as a corpse, if it was the right phrase, Steven only blinked his eyes once before the man was bowing on his knees in front of Steven, saying his words so fast that it all mashed together to form unintelligent squeaks, causing Steven to close his eyes and massage his temples, feeling a strong headache was about to come and consume him. "Enough!" Steven snapped, which made Thor become as quiet as a mouse, causing Steven to hide his face with his hands. "This is a nightmare… this is nothing but a fucked up nightmare, I am not only stuck on this fucking plant, but I am also stuck with you! How did the son of Odin turn into an ass-kisser? Why was I not stuck with your brother? At least he knew when to shut up!" Steven mumbled those words, not caring whoever heard them, too tired to care about how Thor will take them, he was stress, he was tired, he was injured, and he was hungry (A feeling he never felt in his life, but instincts told him what it was) and he didn't need Thor's whining on top of him.
"What does Hydra's scum wants with me? Weren't you ruined in the forties? Or was my counterpart that much of a disappointment?" Steven gritted out, deciding to appear astonished that Hydra was still roaming around; trying to show Zola that, no, he didn't know about Hydra being S.H.I.E.L.D. all alone, and that the Avengers have been working for months to round up all of Hydra's agents, and that in a few more weeks where they were planning on launching Project Insight; Hydra will fall.
'Blóðörn': Or more accurately in English as the 'Blood Eagle' The blood eagle is a ritual method of execution, detailed in late skaldic poetry. According to the two instances mentioned in the Sagas, the victims were placed in a prone position, their ribs severed from the spine with a sharp tool, and their lungs pulled through the opening to create a pair of "wings". It was the cruelest and most gruesome torturing method because the person being punished was supposedly conscious when they do the cutting and getting their lungs pulled out, it was so hideous that historians questioned if such a thing existed.
“Don’t be mad, honey bear, it was only a week since he proposed; we decided to gather you all in a party a week from now to inform you.” Tony smiled at his friends gently, heading to hug Carol before going to Happy, thankful that Rhodey decided on a small get together for his birthday, it meant that he will be able to tell his friends all he wanted without feeling embarrassed.
"Think I could join you?" Tony said as he wiggled his eyebrows, causing Steve to laugh and push Tony away, causing his Alpha to pout and follow the Omega to the bathroom, ignoring how Steve sighed and pushed him away. The pout on Tony's face was endearing, but Steve knew that if Tony entered the bathroom with him, it meant that the two of them would stay in the shower until Bucky come and knock on the door.
"It's OK, little bambino, everything is fine, no harm is done." Tony told the small baby gently, which got him a sniff from the kid as he shook his head, trying to stop himself from letting out a small sob, but he did end up letting sniffles out now and then causing Tony to kiss the boy's forehead once more.
All in all, Tony was hopeful that when the time came, the Avengers will be prepared to not only protect their earth from Thanos but also protect Steve from the Mad Titan, who has a scary obsession with him. Even with that, it didn't stop Tony from doing what he can do to protect his friends and family; he will try his hardest to stop that scary vision he saw from happening, even if it meant his death.
"What the fuck is wrong with you Rogers?! Enough of this circus show! Get out all of you!" Stane screamed as he saw Steve head under the basement stairs. Stane rage as he pulled Steve's arm making the Alpha growl and turn around toward him like a raging beast… Stane let go fast but he growls at Steve and starts dragging him away. "You are going to hear from this from my lawyers-" Stane didn't finish his sentence as he found himself pulled from his collar and slammed against the wall behind him…
"Get out of my room, foolish king, I will start working after I rest." Steven said which made the Alpha hold back his snarl, only because his son was clutching his armor, and Gods above how Starkad wanted to scream at the Omega for being a foolish, suicidal,
to know what Steve's answer will be.
/Warning/: This Chapter contains… maybe cursing, fluffiest fluff, a little sadness, Peter is cutest, Howard is protective, and things are looking up! And who knows what? All reviews are appreciated.
Tony was sitting on the floor when the Iron Man mask he was working on fell on the floor near him; he looked at the mask for a long time then looked at the ceiling. "Hey J, search for the name Steven G. Rogers, son of Sarah Rogers and Joseph Rogers." Tony said, maybe it was his drunk mind, or that he was dying, but he wanted to have closure, it was so not fair that Tony had to live in pain and fear while Steve was out there enjoying himself, he wanted to call the Omega and ask him why… why did he leave him? Why didn't he returned for him? Why did he turn Tony into this?
"We are home!" Steve called out, causing Tony to scramble to the front door, leaving his father in the kitchen as he rushed to where Steve and no doubt Harley was waiting for them. Tony should have gone with Steve, he really should have, but both Steve and Sarah agreed that Tony was too nervous and jittery to be going with Steve, so it ended with Steve and Sarah bringing Harley and Tony to prepare dinner with his father for their family.
What greeted Steve though was the sound of harsh breathing, causing Steve to blink his eyes in confusion and pull his phone away from his ear trying to see if the caller was someone who called the wrong number. Seeing an unfamiliar number, Steve furrowed his brows in confusion, wondering what the hell was going on. "Hello? Who is this?" Steve asked, hoping to get an answer this time… which Steve did; in the form of the person on the other side ending the call. Steve groans in annoyance, this was the strangest wrong number call he ever experiences; it didn't matter though, Steve just snuggled in his bed planning on sleeping…
"It seems death is the answer," Anton called out, avoiding one of the bear's claws as he made another swiping motion; the bear was huge, not like any other bear Anton saw before. A bear this enormous would be on the list of creatures Anton would have avoided; unfortunately, Tyber brought the bear's ire, and if they do not kill it, it's possible that the bear would raid the village and kill his people.
"If I last recall, foolish king, I was nothing but a slave, giving me a room like this surely will make people talk." Steven stated, trying desperately not to yawn and inform the king how wound up from the short walk he was; if it continued like this, Steven would have to enter the forest to find his own medicine, one that doesn't cause him to sleep.
"I… Steve… it…" Tony tried to open his mouth and say something, but every time he did he could only let out choked noises, not knowing what to say to his son and how Steve and he would leave this embarrassing situation with their pride intact; the two of them weren't even wearing clothes, the only thing protecting their dignity was a thin silky blanket… any excitement Tony felt waking up had evaporated.
Steve smiled at that and went to the attached room, and nod at Jarvis who was with the pup, Jarvis had a smile on his face making Steve feel lighter as he starts pushing the child's bed through the door, with Jarvis' help. When they reentered the room, they saw Maria screaming her heads off at the doctors, while Bruce was explaining to Peggy and Howard what was going to happen to the Omega and child if they were forced to be separated.
It made Steven's eyes darken at the thought of the king sending his son to spy on him, and the Omega wanted to head toward where the king was and scream at him, scream at him for being a cruel person, a bad father, and a heartless monster, Steven has so much more he wanted to scream at the man for, for what he did to Steven and his friends, but the Omega gathered himself and let out a sigh, taking a gentle hold of the small pup and standing up planning to return the pup to his room.
"What is your goal, Iron King?" Steven hissed as he stood up after he laid his son on the ground and walked toward the bars, glaring at the Alpha hating that the man was taller than him by a few inches. "What do you want? I already told you I will not allow for my people to be turned into slaves." Steven hissed hoping that the useless Alpha will say what he wanted and be done with, his words though made the Alpha give a harsh laugh which made the Omega growl at him especially when his son whine behind him.
It was a few seconds before the last pull of the Bifrost subdues, and when it did, Steve found himself grunting when his body gave on him and left him kneeling on the blood-drinched ground. Raising his head at the silence that deafened him, Steve's heart stopped in his chest when he saw that he was in the middle of the battlefield, and not any battlefield, but the Asgardian's battlefield.
"Even as your slave, you are not my Alpha… so you have no right to order me to cut my hair." The Omega called after him, which made the Alpha let out a tired sigh and walk to his room, too tired to return even harsher words to the Omega, the Alpha hated to admit but…
It took a long time I know, but at least I updated…
"What woman?" Peter asked curiously his eyes going from Harley to Tony, probably trying to connect if the woman who came today was the same one who came months ago and caused Tony to go to the hospital.
, wait, Mr. Stark!" That was Steve who cried out and tried to rush after Tony, making Bucky squeak as he held onto Steve's mid-section trying to pull him back from going after the inventor.
Rogers did nothing but try to express his love in a creepy kind of way, harmless to Tony, yes, to others? Sadly no, but still, everyone lived in the end even with a few scares to go through. Tony was fifty/fifty percent sure that if he had calmly sat Rogers and explained to him that he wasn't interested in him, the man will understand. Going into that line of thought made him feel like scum and made Tony 100% sure that he needed to apologize to Steve.
What's going on? My poor Stevie!
Tony Stark was nothing if he wasn't prepared, after all, he was a businessman by morning a superhero by noon and a single father for an energetic four years old the rest of the time, so you see he has to be prepare all the time, even if it meant getting called by his aunt who was Captain America and her scary husband in the middle of the night to stop Hydra (Again!) from doing one of their evil plans, spending years fighting them, ended with Tony rolling his eyes constantly at what they called evil, it was more annoyance then evil by this time.
It took Rogers a few minutes before he let out a hum, slowly, inch by inch; Rogers reached up and brushed his fingers against Tony's sides, dragging across the wet cotton of his t-shirt. "I thought I lost her… I thought I lost my baby, thank you for saving her…" Tony whispered, choking on his sobs when Rogers gathered him up in his arms and crushed their bodies together.
"What if I refuse? After all, you are just a stranger who broke into my house and start waving his gun at me, if my husband found out…" Tony gritted through his teeth, trying desperately to buy enough time to think of a plan that will save his baby from this monster before he hurt her.
Tony shook a little as he looked at the Omega his heart was shriveling in his chest, but he snapped out of his trance when he saw the Omega open the front door. "Wait!" Tony gasped out as he took Steve's left hand in his, which made the Omega frown at and glared at Tony hoping that the Alpha will let go. "I know what you said Steve, Anthony Carbonell is dead, I understand that but I didn't come as Anthony Carbonell, I am Tony Stark now, and I am asking you for a chance, considering that your fiancé died 11 years ago, right? It means that you got over him, didn't you? Then that means you are open to the idea of dating, and I will really love for you to give me a chance, please!" Tony rushed his words, even he didn't know what he said other than hoping that he didn't screw himself over that Steve will put a restraining order against him, it made Tony's heart pound in his chest when he saw the Omega look at him with tired eyes.
In the end, they did go on a date, just the two of them, the Alpha took him on a traditional date, to the movies and then dinner, enjoying their time as they sat close to each other in the back of the theater, making fun of the movie and laughing together, and Tony really wanted to kiss the Alpha silly, but it seems that the Alpha didn't want their first kiss to be in the back of the dark theater, which as much as it made Tony pout, he was grateful for that, because he really wanted his first kiss with Steve to be special.
Tony could only let a shuddered breath as his eyes took in the lake that seemed more ominous than it was weeks ago; part of Tony was still in disbelieve, it was still trying to live in ignorance, ignoring all the evidence that fell upon him in the last few days, another part of Tony, the part that wanted to run away was shivering in fear, wondering what misfortune was waiting for him when he was going to leave the town.
"Son of Odin, when can we leave this realm for Asgard?" Steven asked after standing up which made the big blond flinch and look down, face going red with shame causing Steven to close his eyes tightly. "I am stuck here, huh?" Steven said through gritted teeth, already knowing the answer to this question…
"Move the fuck away, I am his Goddammit husband!" A familiar voice snarled, making Steve raised his head fast to search from where that voice came; it was only a few seconds before Steve spotted the source of the voice and when he did, the tears he finally managed to stop were once again running down his face without stopping.
"If I told you, no, what do you plan on doing, Mr. Rogers?" Tony asked with a teasing tone, his question made Steven pause with an open mouth before his lips twitched into a challenging smile. The sound of a car's engine getting closer, made Tony let out an annoying sigh and he couldn't help but pout. "It seems like my welcome home party had finally arrived… talk to you tonight?" Tony asked, looking at Steven with a hopeful look, getting a short nod before Steven let go of the deck and sink into the lake once more…
"We should tell him, he needs to know before the others." Tony said three days later, which caused a smile to twitch on Steve's face as he sat on the couch and looked at Tony who was smiling; Steve knows what that meant, it meant that Tony was sure about staying with them forever, which caused the smile on Steve's face to get bigger until it nearly split his face, only to be mirrored by the one on Tony's face, as the Omega leaned down to kiss him on the lips, the two of them were in the living room, watching a science show that Tony goes on and on about; Peter was outside with Bucky, the two of them playing baseball with the neighbors' kids.
"Hey, don't cry, why don't I help you to find your parent, OK?" Tony cooed wiping the tears that start falling from the pup's face. The pup gave a small nod and held tightly to Tony's hand when the Omega gave him his hand. "Can you tell me about your parent, what does he look like? Is he an Omega?" Tony questioned the pup gently, looking around the place for any frantic parent that was looking for a pup.
Harbored in Steve's arms, anchored down by Steve's weight, Tony never felt like this at all, like the safest thing in the world with his now-husband, and Tony knew he never felt surer that he was now. "Yes…" Tony whispered, his breath hitched into a moan as Steve crowded him deeper into the pile of pillows on the huge bed.
"Shush, little one, I am fine, I am here, and no one is taking me away." Steven whispered, giving his pup a gentle smile as he kissed his forehead, whispering soft words of love and encouragements in his ear, causing James to whine and hide his face in Steven's neck, shaking as Steve ran his hand on the boy's back, trying to calm him down least he got sick from all the crying.
Anthony knew Steve, he knew the Omega was not like that, the Omega was anything but that, so he started searching for the Omega, hoping that he will find him, he searched and searched for two whole months promising himself that he will explain everything to Steve once he finds him, that he will tell the Omega about his plan and the two of them could run away, sometimes when the pain and tiredness get too much, Anthony even promised himself that if Steve wanted the money, he could have it, that Anthony will stay here and work in SI to gain more money for Steve, that he will do anything for the Omega just so he will stay with him.
"Here, baby. I'm here." He said sniffing a little, his son blinks a little then he turns his head to Tony.
Tony though only blinked and gave a tired smile, leaning a little on one side of the boat, gazing at the inky water under the boat, one of his hands came and start playing with the water, while the other cushioned his head as he gazed at the lake with sleepy eyes. "Thank you…" Tony murmured, a yawn nearly left his lips as he gazed at the still water; it has been ages since the last time Tony felt this calm that sleep came knocking on his door. "Thank you… for saving her." Tony's voice became drowsy the more the boat rocked him back and forth, rocking him to sleep. "I wonder… if you would have saved me… months ago…" Those words were followed by an exhale, Tony finally losing the battle to stay awake.
So what do you think?
Reaching the end of the stairs, Tony was about to whoop in joy; he was already planning how to whoop Steve's ass, because how in the name of the seventh hell did the stairs leading downstairs exist? It was impossible, especially when his workshop taking all of the basement levels. Reaching the end of the stairs, Tony blink his eyes when he saw the blood-red door in from of him, and he had to say, if Steve was trying to recreate the movie series 'Insidious' he was doing it quite well.
Tony hummed a little as he steers the sauce, checking the chicken in the oven, smiling when he saw that it was done, looking at the clock Tony found that it was 5:30 PM which meant that he has at least half an hour before the Alpha and the pup will show up, checking the food once more and smiling in pleasure when everything turned out how he wanted it. Looking at the clock Tony rushed to his room so that he will be able to change, he looked at his black-dressed pants and a scarlet button-up shirt with pursed lips, hoping that it wouldn't be too much for a dinner between friends, Tony tried to tame his hair a little using gel, nearly squeaking when he heard the doorbell go off, which caused Tony to rush down the stairs nearly tripping and bash his head before he found his balance and rushed to the door, clearing his throat as he opened the door, smiling happily when he saw Steve and Peter waiting for him.
1990, Peter's first birthday, Steve dangerous mission that nearly led to his death…
"I am sorry I fell sick before Christmas…" Peter murmured, shifting in Steve's embrace and hold tightly into him; his baby's words causing Steve's lips to twitch down. "I wasn't awake when Daddy came home so he probably left…" Steve's breath hitched at the sad undertone his baby tried to hide from him; a long time ago Steve probably wouldn't have heard the whisper his baby spoke because of his bad hearing, but thanks to the serum he can hear everything loud and clear, he can even hear his baby's heartbeat if he strained his ears enough.
/Warning/: This Chapter contains… maybe a little bit cursing? Fluffiest fluffs, a little bit of sadness, things are looking up! And who knows what? All reviews are appreciated.
Steve let out a heartbreaking sigh, he was sitting with his best friend Natasha; he only just now finished telling her about Tony's actions and his distance in the past few months. Steve sniffled, ignoring how the Alpha sitting in front of him hissed in anger like she was an angry dragon who found her next target, which turned out to be his husband. "It's not like we couldn't solve the matter; he just refuses to sit with me for five minutes and talk. God, it hurt when the only way for the two of us to connect these past few months was sex; I feel like a whore every time he leaves me alone in bed to go to work." Steve's voice cracks as he said those words, causing Natasha to snarl in rage.
So he did what he did in the past, he learned about the boy, the All-Tongue helped him to understand the boy's language, he learned that Anton goes by the name Tonton, he was the son of the tribe's chieftain, the place now Anton lives in… he should call him Tonton, it's not fair hanging on someone who was long dead, even if he was reincarnated… will be called north Germany years later.
"Stop here, please," Tony told the taxi driver, paying the man his fee when they stopped in front of his house. Getting out of the car, Tony relaxed when he saw Steve and Peter already waiting for him outside. "Steve…" Tony whispered tiredly, walking toward his husband who rushed toward them. It was a few seconds later before Steve stood in front of Tony and Harley, checking them both for injuries before pulling them to his embrace.
It took the Omega a month before he finally broke, a month before he said enough was enough and drove all the way to SHIELD HQ, not telling anyone where he was going, just taking his car and his Nano-mask before he was out of the door, stomach twisted in knots all the way to SHIELD, wondering what the Alpha would do when he saw him, hoping that the man would let him explain.
When breakfast was done, Howard watched as Peter jumped out of the chair, telling everyone that he was going to his grandma to tell her about his new grandpa, which did nothing but make Tony and Steve laugh; Howard on the other hand was feeling quite embarrassed, for he had never thought that it will be a big deal being bestowed with that title. "I will go with him, knowing Peter who will go to Bucky first so the two of them can roughhouse together…" Steve said as he stood up, taking his and his son's plates with him to the sink, and coming back to give Tony a kiss on the cheek; before the Alpha was gone though, Howard saw the knowing smile send his way, and it made him wonder if the Alpha did this on purpose, making his son go to his grandma's house so he will follow him, leaving Tony and Howard alone.
This is by far the longest story I wrote, I hope you enjoy it!
The king rolled his eyes, which nearly made Steven bristle at the action, but he held his tongue, mainly because he was sure that his baby will do something stupid if Steven and the king start fighting in front of him. "You can call yourself whatever you want, I do not really care about it. The only thing I do care about is you always returning back here by the end of the day." Stated the king before turning around planning to leave Steven, which was something that did nothing but make the Omega frown.
"I said... me and Tony are courting." Steve said which made Peggy snarl and take a step toward the Alpha which made the man back away from the raging woman who was glaring daggers with her eyes, Tony was shifting uncomfortably in the back trying to make himself smaller than he already was and Steven didn't even know what to do or feel at this point.
Dr. Lawson, was going to stay with Shield with some of Talos' scientists, the reason for that was to help Shield, to help them learn about what's hidden in space, and help them perfect their defense to be able to prevent any attack from OutSpace when the Kree or any other race start going after earth. For the Skrulls who begged for home and protection from the Kree, Howard stated that he had a private island… a big private island, that he can help the Skrulls making that place their new home, on the promise that they are to not ever attack earth, and that Dr. lawson and Carol Danvers were going to be the ambassadors for earth, Steve made that call because he knows it would lower the tension between both sides, and he was thankful it was the right one. As for Carol, Steve had to sigh and tell her that because of her unique situation, Steve will take it on himself to train the female to control her powers, it made the woman scream in joy and start jumping around… apparently, she was a Captain America fan and for her to be trained by her hero was a dream come true… the only reason Shield hasn't told the American government about the Aliens was that they don't know how many Hydra's sleeping cells that were still out there.
"I admit acting like this is also very strange to me… but until now I have not thought of what you have lost; only what I have gained from your loss. Maybe I am trying to change, maybe I am not." The king stated which Steven did nothing but raise his brow at the Alpha which made the king grumble; men like the king didn't say words like these unless they wanted something. "Fine, right now the two of us have one enemy in common, and that is Tyber and his clan. If the two of us wanted to get rid of them we need to work together on this." The king stated causing Steven to snort, of course, the king couldn't admit the truth, or it would be very un-kingly of him.
That night an explosion rocked SI injuring lots and lots of people, but Steve was fast, with the help of Shield agents, they were able to save everyone, unfortunately, the person who was responsible for this was able to escape, that misstep that happened because of one of the newbies made Steve and Peggy go to plan B which was declaring the Starks and Peggy's deaths…
"I wouldn't have cared if you did it to me…" Steve said after a while of silence as he regains himself a little. "I… if it was me… I wouldn't care… but not Peter, not him, I can't do this to him… he is already heartbroken about Anthony Carbonell; I don't need a Tony Stark in the mix… I can't… please… just go… just go and never come back, it will be easier for Peter to think of his father as nothing but a dead phantom." Steve said letting out a pained breath as he left the two Alphas alone and headed upstairs toward his room, planning on getting his inhaler…
"Sorry, didn't notice someone was calling for me, was too busy trying to read to Morgan to pay attention." Tony laughed scratching the back of his head in an embarrassed fashion, trying not to let his lie slip, especially when Maria gave him a hard look as if she was studying him. "I found the book I needed in the DIY section so I decided to come here and go through a few books that I thought Morgan would like, but as you can see… I went a little overboard?" Tony grimaced, turning to the stacks of books in front of him, his acting skill made Maria sigh and come to kneel beside him, picking up a few books and scrunching her nose in distaste.
"Some of those books aren't for two months babies, you know?" Maria's lips twitched up when she saw the flushed look Tony was sporting (Tony really need to thank his mother for the acting classes she forced him to take) "This book is for six years old, and that book is for ten years old… are you sure you didn't pick those books for yourself?" Maria's snarky reply caused Tony to choke and give a loud protesting 'Hey!' pouting when the woman rolled her eyes at his childish actions. "With how engross you were with them, I believe that you didn't come here for Morgan." Maria shook her head and let out a sigh, a few minutes later Tony had a few books in front of him. "Age-appropriate books," Maria stated as she stood up.
The sound of heavy footsteps made Steven jump and look around the place, trying to stand up and taking a defensive position, his left leg straining to hold all of his weight off, as much as Steven hated to admit it, but he was, in fact, afraid, he was scared of this strange wasteland, he can't even feel any pull toward his original body… no, it was there, but it is so dull… like with dying stars, how they stopped feeling everything little by little, how their lights turned duller and duller until they die in the end… Steven's heart nearly starts pounding in his throat at that possibility, it was true that he was a dull star, his heart is broken beyond repair for him to shine as bright as he used to be in his youth, but that doesn't mean he was dying! Doesn't it? He did hear a few comments from his fellow stars that his light dulling meant he was dying… but that was all an annoying way to make fun of him, right?
It took time before they were finally back into the king's home, which was something Anton dreaded ever since the queen had become suspiciously still, not thrashing and moving like he did when he faced Tyber. "You can leave now; I will handle the rest… and tell Magna to bring Petrus and James back," Anton ordered, hoping that he didn't do something stupid and that the queen won't stab him with a knife as soon as they are to be alone.
"Clint?" She asked as she turned around, frowning when she didn't see anyone in the kitchen with her, causing her hand to unconsciously head toward where she kept her gun, Natasha then shook her head trying to clear it, it was probably just her imagination, she did come home straight from a mission.
Tony did nothing but look down at his hands only to blink in confusion at the envelope he saw in his hand, where did this letter come from? Tony didn't know as he was too out of it to care, if he didn't pay attention then it meant he can keep ignorant… or in denial, Tony wasn't picky as long as this day will be forever erased from his mind.
Steve hopes that at least Tony will come with him to his next visit to his doctor, not only because it was important to Steve, but because it will be the first time that Tony will have time to come and see their baby with him. so because of that, Steve starts leaving little hints for Tony, a little writing on the calendar, some photos of his ultrasound, his appointment sheet, anything! Only to have Tony not notice at all, and for Bucky to look at Steve strangely as he picked up another ultrasound photo that Tony dropped accidentally in his rush.
His body that was full of scars and bruises and pain, his body that sometimes hurt him when it moves, his body's that had scars mapping his life, was new as a porcelain doll. Gone the huge scare that covered his whole chest, thanks to a car accident when he was ten, that day he got kidnaped by someone, and the car crashed, he remembered how he thought he was going to die, he remembered the fear he felt. Gone his bad knee that hurt every time it became cold outside; the bad knee was thanks to his father getting angry at him when he was thirteen, he doesn't remember what he did that day, but Tony remembered how his father took the closest metal pipe to him and hit him on his leg as a lesson, he remembered crying all night that day, his father didn't even take him to the hospital. Gone most of his childhood scars that was either caused by his father throwing something at him when he was angry or drunk, or the scares that were because of Tony hurting himself when he tried to invent something that will make his father's proud… everything was gone… Everything was gone, but not the memories of it, never the memories of it.
It's a thirteen-hour drive from New York City to Atlanta, Georgia… it could have been faster, but Tony didn't care about that he only wanted to arrive safely, but that didn't mean he didn't go faster when he thought cops weren't watching, he didn't care about the bone-crushing tiredness, nor the want to lay down and sleep. He had to reach Atlanta before the place he wants will be sold to someone else, he has to! For his baby's sake, he stops when he has to; pulling into gas stations along the road to refuel and gulp down bottle after bottle of water, hoping that he won't regret it in the next stop.
The voice whispered once more and Steve swallowed, his eyes narrowed and his posture filled with determination… he knew what to do… "Stop!" Steve's harsh voice resonate across the battlefield, the Space Stone gave him enough power to manage standing on his legs without shaking from how exhausted he was; Steve's order was met with Thanos narrowing his eyes, taking in Steve who was walking toward him. "You won." Steve gritted throw his teeth, ignoring Tony who was pleading with him to leave, to run, to go away from here. "Spear his life, and I will be your bride; he won't stand in your way anymore." Steve stopped in his place, a few feet away from Tony and Thanos, Steve desperately tried not to turn his eyes to Tony, he just continued glaring at Thanos, ordering him silently to let go of his lover.
So we finally met Steve and Peter! A little Peter with a British accent? Oh, my!
Anton stopped in his place when he saw James sneaking around near the forest, and for a second Anton entertained the thought of calling the pup out and asking about his dam, who is probably sharping his (Probably stolen and not metaphorically) sword and heading to a quest to find Tyber and kill him for once and for all. Before Anton called the boy though, he was stopped when he found his son running toward the queen's babe, letting out a triumph yell when he jumped the boy; but Petrus' victory ended up soon as the children ended up rolling around and giggling happily.
Shakily Tony rushed to his dresser, taking another sweater and his coat, wearing them as fast as he can before he books it out of his house, standing still as he gazed at the lake that seemed unnaturally quiet today, not even one insect buzzing around it, a sight so unnerving that Tony rushed away from his house to the town, ignoring the fact that he forgot to wear shoes.
"What do you mean?" Peggy said with a shaky voice, it was shocking, too much shock to see Steven sleeping peacefully one minute, and the next he was having a seizure on the bed, it was even more of a shock when that strange woman came through the portal and offered them help, not only that, but she also told them that this Steven who had been with them for over two months now was nothing but a soul in a temporary body, a soul whose body was still in his universe, until today when Steven decided that he had chosen their world and let his body die.
"… You like it?" Barnes asked while tilting his head and Rogers nodded without looking away from the torturing instruments thrown around the room like it was nothing and Tony gulped when he saw the sinister sparkle in Rogers' eyes as he took everything in with glee.
Tony let out a sigh as he stood in the sidewalk waiting for the lights to turn red. A year pass since he last talked to his father, not from the leak of trying on his father side, since he left him at the hospital and went to search for his son that was out there ignoring his father's calls, his father pulled through in the end, Tony knew he would, his father was strong after all, but that didn't mean Tony forgave him, on the contrary, his father had lost him that day, no matter what his father did after that, no matter how much he followed Tony and begged for him to hear him out, no matter how much he called and left messages and plea with the Omega, Tony didn't pay his father that much attention, as much as he wanted to quit from his job at SI he couldn't, if the child services were going to bring him his child then he need to prove to them that he had a stable job and home, and his job at SI was the only way for that, even if it meant he had to endure his father always barging in his lab to plead with him to talk things out.
Several hours later Tony was hugging his baby who was purring and telling him in a happy voice about how Captain America saved them. "Mama 'as sleep an' then Cap 'as 'here!" His baby said with such an excited voice that his words sound broken, Tony just smiled and hummed at that, being isolated from any life form, made his baby distrust of others the reason that Jarvis was not here in the room with them was his baby crying and trying to hide himself in Tony's arms away from the old man, his baby's speech isn't as advanced as it should be because let's face it, even Tony can't spend every minute of the day talking or his throat was going to kill him, even if his baby's speech wasn't advance it didn't mean he was slow on the contrary his baby was so smart that he can read and write, the newspaper that Stane gave him a long time ago was a good way to teach his baby letters and numbers.
"A foot soldier, I think? He was in the 107th, his rank was a Sargent; Sargent James Stark. That's what Tony told me before he arrived, impressive, right?" Steve smiled, causing Natasha to chuckle to herself and shake her head, she was probably thinking that he thought everything about James was impressive, which was not that far from the truth, unlike his husband, Bucky was a self-made man, not like his husband who will inherit SI when Howard retires.
"Steve? Steve, are you here?" Hearing Bucky's voice caused Steve to let out a relieved sob, the tensing leaving his body at the thought of Bucky finally finding and saving him. Standing shakily, Steve walked toward the door before stopping, gazing at the door in confusion, straining his ears to hear the sounds of police sirens.
"Go wrap your hands first." Steve said with a nod, which made Tony relax and went to the bench taking a roll of bandage and trying to wrap his hands, which turned out to be a messy affair, it ended up with Steve laughing under his breath and helping, which made Tony flush with embarrassment, thought that embarrassment turn to elation, when he saw the pride on Steve's face after punching the bag with all of his strength…
Though Tony remembered that Steve told him about the characters in the book being real friends of his, the Alpha always uses his friends' names in his comic books, look at Captain America, Tony laughed when the character's name was Steven Rogers, something that the Omega always teased the Alpha about, Tony grinned as he went through the comic, wanting to know which of Steve's friends the Alpha used in his comic this time, having not read the comics since he wasn't that interested in it, but knowing that Peter was the main character, considering that the pup told him about Steve drawing that comic for him as a birthday present.
When Peter was two years old, the whole mess of Iron Man 3 took a place; it was then that Tony met Harley, the lone boy who lived with his divorced mother. Steven and the Avengers had rushed to help Tony when he called them to inform them that he was not dead, and thankfully to Steven's quick thinking and Edith, they were able to stop Killian before something unsavory happened, but not before Harley's mother ended up being killed in the whole mess, leaving the little boy orphaned with nowhere to go.
So far, Steve decided to act as obedient and demure as he can be, following everyone's lead and orders; just until Steve regain his strength and the ability to move his body as freely as he can, maybe even remember what the hell happen to him. When that happens and Steve can finally move on his own while gaining solid prove about his kidnappers, he would escape from this place and search for Tony; after that, Steve would make sure that Bucky and everyone he paid to confuse him would be thrown behind the bars never to be free again.
That day Steve held his screaming and crying son as the doctor did test after test, it ends up with Steve having to hold his tears as his son whine and begged him to go home that he will be a good boy and eat his food. In the end one of the doctors sat him down, his son was with May, who was trying to calm the squirming Pup with a toy she brought for him that replicas of the Iron Man helmet and glove, it was a famous toy in the markets right now, and his son had calmed a little as he wore the glove and moved his hand around acting like he was shooting.
Tony hummed to himself as he started preparing the picnic basket, promising himself that Tony and the kids could have their picnic in the backyard if needed. Tony hummed as he wondered about the kind of treats the kids would love to eat, thinking excitedly about tomorrow and how Steve would return home either tomorrow or the day after that. Tony was sure that when Steve returns home, the four of them would probably go and do something fun, considering that Steve had the uncanny ability to cheer the kids no matter what activity they choose to do.
"Hello, little one, my name is Peggy, and this is Angie." The woman said with a smile, it made Peter smile and wave as her, the woman beside her was sniffing and wiping her face, which made Peter look at Aunt Peggy with worried look which made the woman smile at him and say something to the woman beside her which made her give a chocked laugh and come to hug Peter tightly.
Tony grabbed two handfuls of Steve's ass, pulling his cheeks apart as he quickly drove his cock into the Omega, once, twice, before he let out a strangled groan. He came for what seemed like five solid minutes, driving deeper and deeper as Tony's knot started to swell. Right before he'd grown to full size, Tony pulled Steve down, kissing his harshly swallowing Steve's shout's as the Omega releases as he felt Tony's knot locking inside him.
Tony let out a heavy sigh and thrust one of his hands in his pocket, shifting from foot to foot to maintain warm, Natasha was going to kill him when she saw that he was waiting for them here and not at Angie’s like how she instructed him. The rain gets steadily heavier, and he pulls up the collar of his coat, pacing back and forth. There is the noise of an engine in the distance, and Tony walks out onto the road, narrowing his eyes, trying to see through the rain watching the vehicle approach.
"That's not something new, he is smarter than you." Steve said cheekily, making Tony let out a laugh at that as his eyes take in Steve's face, taking in those blue, blue eyes that Tony always swoon when he sees them, that beautiful milky skin, the blond hair like sun… those pink petal lips… Tony didn't know how long he has been staring at those seductive lips that were pulled into a smile, but it left him breathless when Tony ripped his eyes away and saw that Steve was looking at him with a playful look.
It all started after the End after they finally defeated Thanos after they got their friends back, everyone finally got their lives together…
Tony on the other hand could only stand frozen in his place and gaze at Steve with wide eyes, his mind going into overdrive as he tried to make sense of what Steve just told him; Tony was sure that smoke was already leaving his ears as his mind failed to make a head or a tail of what that crazy Addams just told him. Sent to kill his parents? Making a deal? Also, his parents doom him by giving him to Steve some seventeen years ago and Steve wanting to break the deal by killing his parents until he decided not?! (The killing part was implied but still, this was Steve he was talking about) What the hell?!
"It's OK… it must be hard, being fresh out of the military…" Steve gently offered, knowing that it was always hard for soldiers after coming back from overseas; maybe he will ask his friend Sam for a bit of advice, the Beta usually knows what to do in this kind of situations, maybe he will even invite the Beta to see James, hoping that he will be able to help the man.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Tony? What are… what can I help you with?" Maria asked as she stood up, and Tony bit the inside of his cheek and hope the woman didn't notice his strained smile, '
In the end, Tony opts to avoid Steve at all times of the day, mainly in his tower with the excuse of doing paperwork (Oh the hateful paperwork). It worked thankfully, and Tony was grateful, considering that Steve took their first kiss as permission to drop out of thin air and try to kiss Tony again. It was too much stress to Tony's already damaged heart. What stressed Tony, even more, was that Pepper and Rhodey decided to throw Tony a birthday party (Birthday ball? Can Tony even say that?), inviting everyone in the higher places, something about improving the image of the Avengers, especially after Loki and the zombies' fiasco.
The first ascent at the beginning of the chapter is Germany; the second accent is Russian.
/Warning/: This Chapter contains, cursing, sadness, fluff, horror elements, violence, and character(s) death, poor Tony he will have a heart attack after this chapter, and we will see Steve or not! All reviews are appreciated.
"Thank you… oh…" Tony took the piece of paper with a soft smile, only for his smile to feel momently at what he saw. Like all children the pup's drawn was just scratches and sticky figures, but what made the Omega swallow tightly was the content of the drawing, because the pup draw himself holding the stick figure Tony's hand in one of his, the word hero was drawn on top of the stick figure that had the name 'Mr. Stark' on his supposed red shirt. "I… it's beautiful, I will make sure to hang it on the fridge as soon as I am home…" Tony said when he saw the pup look at him with teary eyes when the Omega froze like a solid statue for five minutes.
"Move on? With you? I don't know what got it inside of your head that I'm even interested, so for the last time Stark, stop chasing me!" Steve harsh worlds made the Omega take a step back and Steve gaze at the Omega's eyes watching the different emotions flash before them, sadness, heartbreak, disbelieve, followed by anger.
(See the end of the chapter for
So what do you think?
Steven bite his lower lip and squared his shoulders, walking inside like he owned the room, not caring about the eyes that raised to take him in or the face that turned into a frown when the man saw Steven walk inside the storage room, taking a wooden mug and a few herbs, before walking toward the pit when there was a kettle with boiling water, and in the back of his mind he wondered if it was the Alpha who boiled it, Steven relaxed a little when he noticed that the king has a wooden mug of his own.
"Steve…" Whatever Tony was about to say, he was cut by the alarms going off once again, causing everyone's eyes to widen and for Peggy and Bucky to bring their weapons out, pointing them at the Guardians. Everyone was probably thinking that the Guardians had crossed them and stabbed them in the back, but Jarvis's words made everyone freeze.
Arriving to the mansion was a dream come true for Tony, as his heart pounded in his chest uncontrollably like it was about to escape him, but what made him choke in fear were the reporters that were lined around his home, the vans were lined up on one side and the people and reporters that were waiting for them were so many, it was a huge crowd! Not a thirty person or so, no! They were at least over two-hundred, that made Tony give a choked gasp, it was one thing meeting a reporter or two, it was another to meet a crowd of them, and what about his baby? They will scare him for life more than he already was, that made Tony shake and pull his child tightly to his chest, thankfully the pup had fallen asleep an hour ago and didn't see this sight.
And finally! Kissing!
"The space stone; when I opened the portal to Midgard, the space stone start acting strangely before it shoots toward the stars, closing the portal after it." Nebula hate this, she always hates talking about her only failure and that was invading Midgard, she always hates how she was able to run away by the skin of her teeth, she always hates that every time Thanos taunt her, it was always by this failure of hers. "I have been reviewing the path the stone took for the past two years; it seems that the star-" The narrow eyes that Nebula received for calling the star without the title Thanos bestow made her bite the inside of her cheek, hating every minute of this. "-The Golden Bride Astral Form had passed near the portal when it opened, and because of that, the space stone reacts to The Golden Bride being nearby. We find the stone we find the Golden Bride." Nebula stated, trying not to shiver in fear when she saw her father smiling, it was the first time she saw him smile like this, like a predator who finally found his prey.
"You shouldn't have done that." Frigga heard Loki's voice behind her, making her turn to the dark-haired man who was scowling at his mother, glaring at her, because he already knows that his mother used a spell to cause the Alpha to fall partially in love, and it made him angry that the woman will do something stupid like that, like breaking the Omega's heart, didn't she know that as soon as Steve will break Tony's heart, Steven will destroy this universe?
The groan he heard made him tense and look at the man, watching him as he opened his eyes a little, no more than a slight. "… Anton…?" That was the man's gasp before he raised his hand toward Tony like he was chasing a ghost before it left, and the younger man didn't even know what to do… though he didn't have to think about that long enough, because the man dropped his arm sudden… passed out…
"I don't doupt zat." The older man chuckled, his eyes becoming softer as he gazed at Steve, causing Steve to shift in his place at the fondness he saw in the older man's eyes, this was getting strange. "Vu schtill schouldn't pe
"C-come in then..." Steve stuttered as he opened the door for the man feeling a little bit shaking on the inside. "I am sorry for the mess, didn't have the time to clean…" Steve said after he closed the door, he rushed to the coffee table to collect his sketchbook and pencils.
"The Omega and his pup…" Nattalegg said which made blond Omega purse his lips and stop cleaning his bow, looking at the Alpha with the red hair, a while of silence passed between the two of them with the two gazing at each other's eyes having a silent conversation before Klint sighed to himself.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness a lot of it, a near-death experience, and Tony losing his mind, and finally! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated....
His sword ready in his hand, Anton survey the tree line, trying to focus on locating the source of this unpleasant feeling; it took a few minutes of tense silence before Anton managed to locate the source of uneasiness, and when he did, his eyes couldn't help but widen in shock and horror at the sight before him; brown eyes held his captive as a huge white body stood still, gazing at Anton and his party, freezing them in their place. "Anton…" Jamti hissed in a cautious tone, informing him that Jamti was what Anton feared was real.
Hearing footsteps coming near him, Tony bite his trembling lips, trying desperately to hold his tears back; his eyes didn't stray away from his daughter, memorizing her delicate face and her blue, blue eyes that were looking at him with wonder. "Did you finally come to kill me?" Tony asked, not raising his head, refusing to raise his head as he wanted the last thing he ever saw to be his daughter's face.
