Maggie breathed in cool, crisp air, and yet again was surprised to remember it was summer. It felt like it should be spring, or fall, or perhaps even last winter. So much had happened that her sense of time was off.
“Hello,” Castiel said plainly.
Jody cursed and pinched the bridge of her nose. "This fucking man, I swear."
I did.
"Should this be
Were those real yells Dean heard inside himself, or leftovers from a memory best left forgotten? “Will you try?”
"You can't see."
“My original idea was a song, but then Claire mentioned this and well…” Dean grinned at Castiel. “I thought you deserved at least this. And everyone seemed to like it.”
"Knight to E...4?" Dean said, thinking hard. "Or— fuck, is that in the line of your queen?"
"I love you, Sam."
“Yeah, I heard it. Nice. I’ll give you all the time I can, but be ready soon. I’ll text you when we’re heading back.”
"Why?" she asked. She didn't ask like she was going to argue about it, was going to reassure him that he was okay.
“Uh, that’s because seeing
Jack’s eyes shot up, wide. “There’s a name for it?!”
"But since the route is now clear, rook to H8. Checkmate."
Oh no no no I'm a rocket man
I love you.
"Wouldn't uh… wouldn't be the first time," Gabriel responded, just as stunned.
Castiel walked forward unsteadily, sliding one hand into Gabriel’s and the other into Michael’s.
Sam let out a breathy laugh. “What?! That’s wonderful! I knew you guys could do it!” He hugged Donna tight.
Jack turned back to Gabriel with wide eyes, and Gabe shrugged. “Archangel.”
“Did it go well?”
That's all Dean had been able to think.
Sam took off his socks, then his shoes. He hadn't said a word since he left the Bunker. Dean's car was parked on a grassy patch, just over the hill.
"Yeah?"
"I'm not sure anything could phase us at this point."
Dean’s shaking subsided, and he was smiling at the off-key angel, and he sang, “And anytime you feel the pain-”
“I am a warrior of Heaven, Dean. I was trained to get people to scream. I’m sure I can do the same thing to get you to stop talking.”
There was tinny laughter, and Mary looked back down to see Gabriel grinning at a phone screen.
"Why would I recall that."
something?
“When do we ever do anything else?” Donna teased back, grinning at him. “Ya keep an eye on these kids, y’understand?” She turned to the three musketeers. “And ya three keep an eye on Sam. Don’t let him get into another pickle like this was.”
Rowena!" Charlie yelled over her shoulder, trying to keep up with the trio.
Sam smiled. “They’ve always been here for us, too. They’re family.”
"WHAT?! Dean, you can't—"
Dean's eyes snapped open.
Everyone was laughing and sharing stories, taking selfies with Maggie and Claire, and demanding they kiss again.
at this run-down playground across the road.
Dean’s laughter slowly died. “Why are there still fish?”
And I don’t expect you to do anything with this information. I don’t know if you feel the same, anyway. There have been times when I thought maybe, but… I dunno.
Sam was shaking, and it only increased in power as the seconds passed.
“So… Tinker Bell.”
“Sure, but… shouldn’t a full-grown man be able to handle a few nightmares?”
He couldn't do it.
"If you come back, I
There was laughter behind her, and she turned back to see Sam, Jody, and Donna rounding the corner, grinning.
“I’m just… tired, I think. Of hearing you ramble on about everything pointless in existence. Do you
"Ye could say that." Rowena looked at the large rock and frowned. "How much farther did Samuel say it was, again?"
“I thought it made more sense to pick a movie we both like.”
“Damn, Mary,” Charlie said, grinning, “cut right to the chase, huh?”
Donna busied herself with tea as Jody leaned her head back, eyes closed. She could feel the tension behind her eyes, and she consciously relaxed her shoulders.
“Nah, but the world could do with a few more Singers.”
"And I've been looking for someone to put up with my bullshit
Dean melted into the touch. “Yeah. I did.”
he knew this place. It was inky black and endless, as far as he could tell. There was nothing, not even stars.
Sam smiled at her. “Yeah, okay. A few hours sounds good.” He closed his eyes and breathed the moment in. “We’re gonna get Dean and Cas back,” he whispered.
Claire popped the glove box open and rummaged around for the legendary cassette, but something stopped her hand.
“I talked to the Michael of this world…”
Dean! They screamed ‘Hallelujah’ and praised God that they had been spared as the
Cas took a deep breath of water, releasing it in a huff. "I think Bobby Singer would've wound up as your step-dad. Your parents' marriage was rocky, to say the least. I do not doubt that they loved each other but... that love was not their own choice. It was made for them, before they were ever born, by higher powers. So to be fair in this assessment of your moral values or lack thereof, we have to go far back. Very far back. Before the apocalypse plans were even an idea."
got my debt
Charlie rolled her eyes. "These aren't good enough excuses, Sam. Even if you just can't
"Wha' 'bout you?" he mumbled, eyes closed.
And it's so hard to do and so easy to say
“I… I saw Sam.”
"Good evenin', Samuel."
Claire's smile faltered. "Yeah. I will. Just… buy me some time, so the mom squad doesn't follow?"
So I called Jody, to see if she knew. And, of course, she didn’t.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Happy for you two,” Sam said, grinning wide. “I mean, if you had kept your head up your ass for any longer I’d have had to call the hospital.”
"Dean—"
Dean cocked his head to the side. “You’ve grown.”
“Still the same Sam, huh?” Bobby asked.
“You’ve been gone a long time.”
So I haven't watched the season finale yet but I saw some spoilers and I figured y'all might need this. Plus I just had a rough go of it today and couldn't keep them apart anymore.
“These motherfuckers. Who even gave them the idea?”
If so, stop reading and come back when you're moving on.
She turned around to stare at the Barbie-sized motorcycle in the back. "Don't call me kid," she muttered in awe.
"Well there's… there's kinda
kid, Dean!
I don't know, I hope so"
Gabriel swallowed against the lump in his throat. “Yeah. He did.”
So when you wake up in the morning
"He crumbled. One moment he was here, and we were everything. The next he was gone, and I—" Castiel's eyes traced over Dean's face. "And I was left here."
Cas sighed, scrubbing his hands through his hair. “Perhaps there was a…
So I guess you're finally moving on, huh? Finally found it in ya to change these old bedsheets?
But the ocean was closer, and the face wasn't that of Michael.
"Hmm," Castiel wondered aloud. "A happy story? Which to choose, I wonder. You've sworn off all talk of Patroclus until an indeterminate date, you already know of all that happened while I was in your company... I know!"
Claire knocked on Jack's door, some vague beat they had created months ago.
of it kept Dean from killing you when Cas was gone.”
All of this.
Dean pulled Castiel's fingers against his face. "I refuse to owe you."
"Okay." Cas smiled. "Now, what about Samichael?"
Dean nodded, looking at the images going by.
Dean smiled at him, all wide and open, and Castiel leaned forward and kissed him.
"Dumb luck."
that could penetrate my heart
Special thanks to aloha_cowgirl for introducing me to this song! (And the video!)
you, right? He said he’d
Dean looked up, as if he could see Castiel’s hand. “What… What are you doing?”
He saw morning jogs with Sam. He saw Maggie grow as a leader and as a friend. He saw Charlie learn to trust them all.
"His name was…"
There was just a pillow smushed against her own back.
and Rowena?”
Sam laughed softly. “Ah.”
Jody had to remove a feather from Claire's face, lodged firmly into her temple.
Dean fidgeted. “If there’s no reason for you to love me, then how can I be sure you won’t just…
"I don't know! That's why I came to you! I can't do this alone!"
"It's okay, son. I forgive you."
"Achilles, Achilles," he would say, "how can your human half not crave food?"
I can't remember why I did the things I did
"How does this thing work?" she asked, looking idly at the cord that ran from the radio slot.
“You’re such a bitch,” Dean groaned, leaning his head back against the wall. “How did you ever survive to adulthood.”
Sam tilted Gabe’s chin up. “What’s that?”
Sam snorted. “It wasn’t meant to be, but I guess it was.”
To make you feel my love"
Cas raised an eyebrow. "Would you like a list, or…?"
“Do you want my permission?” Castiel asked, running one hand over Dean’s bare chest. “You have it. Kiss me.”
Maggie gave him a soft smile. “Yeah. I know.”
“There’s no extra space there,” Dean whispered, catching the hand with his own. “You already took it all.”
And she examined him before saying, "Bear."
His eyes crinkled. “I guess so.”
Sam tapped on his phone screen, waking it up. "Around seven."
The hand brushed his face once more, and he jerked away, body pressed too hard into the metal box.
I am!” Michael retorted, lunging for a knife.
What do we think we might see
Dean blinked, and suddenly, before him, was Sam.
"Hm." Dean put the picture back, looking down the hallway at the rest. "How long did you say you've been trying to rescue us?"
“Where are you going?”
“Yes, cupcake?”
Dean’s mind was reeling. “So next time I see you, I’ll be… out?”
“Hm?”
“Based solely on our track record, I feel as though any ‘cupcake phase’ of ours would involve more blood than this.”
that two people are gay but then they're not?"
Jack's wings slowly bristled up, widening their span slightly. "I don't like that noise," he said.
Dean's eyes were closed, and Castiel's breath caressed his cheek. "Forever, and for always."
"The— The lights are half off right now," Sam stuttered. "I know it was— it was dark down there and…"
"What? These lips?" Cas asked, pressing soft kisses to Dean's neck.
He gasped in a breath as Sam's hands left his cheeks, only to wrap around him tightly.
Joshua nodded. “I can. Not all will want to leave.”
"And our relationship was of a very personal nature! I logically assumed that I was allowed to share this 'personal space' with you," Castiel snarked back, air quoting against Dean's cheeks.
Dean threw an arm over his eyes.
and Rowena or
"Your… member arouses me."
"Him and Dean were trapped at the bottom of the ocean the past three years."
Dean held up his palm. “We could make a blood pact,” he deadpanned.
"Why?!"
Title taken from "See You Again" by Wiz Khalifa and Charlie Puth
If he was going to save you, he would have
Castiel held his head in his hands and focused on his breathing. Air, not water. He focused on the comfort that his clothes brought him, ignored the feeling of them rough against his skin.
You always thought that I was stronger
on angels my universe is?”
“You don’t need to,” Charlie interrupted him. “You don’t want it. That’s enough.”
Chapter title taken from "When I'm Married" by Wilder Adkins
“NO!” Dean stood up quickly, swinging at Michael’s doubled-over form. “We both had deadbeat dads!”
“Don’t lie to me.”
Sam's eyes snapped open, earning himself a lot of soap. "Oh, oh
hers. In my
hurt. We can't have that."
Jack perked up. "What was he like?"
you, you know! Every time! I hear you
The breath Gabriel took shook the trees.
is helping you. This isn't about danger and you know it. Why can't Maggie or Claire help, hm? I get that you cut people out of information. That's whatever. But you don't have a single,
“Yeah. I don’t know how to handle that. I’m not… I’m not a dad. I’ve never raised anyone. I’m not you, I guess, is what I’m trying to say.”
“I try not to think about that.” Sam slid out of his seat, sitting by Dean on the nothingness. “I’ve got a girlfriend and a boyfriend, actually. Rowena and Gabriel.”
Folsom Prison was staring back at her, shoved in the back of the compartment.
“What?” Donna asked, looking at Charlie’s computer. “Did ya find them?”
The four walls listened, and did not respond.
"Ellen Harvelle. You would've…" Sam glanced at Claire. "You would've loved her. Her and Jo both. And they would've loved you, too." Sam hung his head low. "I still dream about them," he said, so quiet he sounded like waves himself.
Donna shrugged. "Doesn't say."
“Do ye think it is?” Rowena responded just as quietly.
Rowena turned to Jody slowly, eyes wide. "Two days and none of ye thought to
“I would.”
“Go,” Michael urged, pushing Dean towards the exit door. “You and Castiel. Forget our deal.”
"Why not?"
He placed a shuddering palm against Dean's head, eyes glowing blue.
Dean let out a shaky breath, almost a sob but not quite. It was disbelieving. “You waited a thousand years for me?” he breathed.
"Well, yes, but I meant it in more of a 'No, Dean, I'm not doing that' kind of way."
“I get to raise a non-hunter,” Mary whispered. “I can’t wait to see what life brings us all.”
Title taken from "Every Mile A Memory" by Dierks Bentley
And I called out to him.
And she could tell him that it was about rooftops at night, about thrift shopping with Dean, about not feeling so alone again.
“Oh, you can have one now.” Dean kissed the shoulder he could reach. “How much do you bench?”
"Why am I here?" Dean stressed, voice growing more nervous by the question.
And it hurts even more to have to be with somebody else
"As in… oh, does it not drink blood? Does it not transform during the full moon? Does it not go to Purgatory or the Empty when it dies? Probably a human. Which, that last one applies heavily to you. You can't die down here and, even if you could, you would not go to Heaven
"Yeah," she whispered. "It is."
Title taken from "Dream a Little Dream of Me" by Ella Fitzgerald
Sam blinked in surprise. “You did?”
"I don't think you understand me, Dean. I need to know in order to save you and Cas, no matter how embarrassing the events may be. You
"Maggie, dearie!" Rowena called out after her. "Could ye find me rosehips, please?"
"That is the most sickeningly sweet thing I've ever heard."
"Tell me."
When they arrived at the lake, trees surrounding, Castiel shrugged off his trench coat. Dean watched it fall, and half his faces looked half in agony.
It was weird, Dean thought. One moment he was sitting in a chair, and the next he was draped over a small table, arms around his brother and face buried in his neck. Sam hugged him back silently, and Dean couldn't tell whose face was wet.
of seeing Sam again stole his breath away. He had given up his entire world for Sam. And here he was, knowing somewhere far back that Sam was usually here.
Michael’s face was stone. “We are building here a place of reason and debate, not violence. The War is over, Naomi. Stand down.”
"What, really?" Maggie asked. "How were you not every girl's first choice?"
"That's all I want," Claire teased, grinning. "I love you, Mags."
inside.
The Macarena woke Sam up.
"Hey, Cas?" Dean said much later, head resting on Castiel's chest, leg and arm thrown haphazardly over his body.
He sighed. “Yeah, fine. But can we… clean up first? I don’t really want to talk on the phone naked and uh…” he looked down at himself,
ever called me Dad, it was actually his very first word. Our dad wasn’t home, and little baby Sammy looked at me and said like, ‘dada’ or some shit. And I spent the rest of the day trying to get him to look at a picture of our real dad and say the same, but he wouldn’t. Dad didn’t seem too fond of that.”
"Yeah, and razor sharp, too. Cut Claire up pretty bad, cut Sam up worse. And Sam wouldn't hardly let go of Jack long enough for me to do anything about it. He was still bleeding when he herded all the kids into his room to watch over them. He's… He was shook up pretty bad. And Jack doesn't look too great, either."
Sam looked down at his chest, though he couldn’t see anything. “I think he’s listening, actually.”
He sent a text at a gas station, short, sweet, and to Donna.
“I was going to set up a hair appointment to cut my luscious locks to be the same as yours.”
Neither had an answer.
"There are two things, and I don't know which is worse."
I fucking hate you, call me
Maggie grinned wide. "Who do you think Sam would take? Donna?"
He felt Castiel smile. “Never.”
It won't happen again. I just — I need time to —" Dean shuddered, and the hand left his face.
"No," Claire said in disbelief. She felt she knew this, somehow. Somewhere far away in her head. "No!"
"Sam—"
No one looked over at them, no one sensed anything wrong.
“Did we have any inside jokes?” Dean turned onto his side, propping his head against his arm. “I’m totally down to revamp any of them.”
I— Jack, I honestly don’t know why I even wanted to go so bad. We got there and it was the lamest party I’d ever been to. There was awkward dancing and weird music and like. A punch bowl? And some chips. It was honestly bad.
Michael scolded, grabbing him by the shoulders. “The
Claire rested her palms against the steering wheel, worn from decades of use, and dusty from months of disuse. "Then what do you suggest?"
I think I have to go now. I wish I could kiss you. I wish I didn’t have to do this. If I had one more day with you, I would hold you tight and make sure you never felt unloved or alone ever again. As it is, just know I will always love you. Always. And I’ll be looking forward to the day the sun swallows me whole, because it will feel the same way falling in love with you did.
that they both are satisfied,
Sam grinned at him. “Then it’s all settled.” He turned back to the room with the empty table for two. “Are we all ready?”
“Um, yeah, sure. Sounds good.” He flashed her a smile and they adjusted their route, jogging to town.
“Like
"It's 'cause they're the main characters, Sammy."
“Ah, yes. Onward to adventure.”
"Want me to tell you a story?"
Dean used two fingers to shakily push the glass closer to Castiel's worn hands. "Buying you a drink."
people. And I thought I was done with whatever angelic bullshit is in me but I guess I’m… not.”
Dean opened his mouth to speak, but instead buried his face in Castiel's neck. "Of course not."
“Again with the difficult questions,” Castiel teased, kissing Dean’s cheeks. “One at a time, love.”
"Sam, man. You have to let me go."
Cas took a moment to think. "They say I was gone the moment I touched your soul in Hell. But I didn't know it at the time. If you're asking when I first
There was that feeling again, but it didn’t crack his ribs this time. It didn’t hurt. It felt like coming home.
Mark was a cool guy. He didn’t talk a whole lot, but what he did say was either very nice or very funny. It was… It was a good time. I used to walk between them and they’d throw their arms over my shoulders like they were trying to embarrass me.
“Bout what?” Jack grunted, swinging his bat. Another home run.
Take care of Cas. And let him take care of you, too. He's not going to be okay. And I know you two will hatch some crazy plan to get me out but... don't. I chose this. This is my decision. Respect it.
"Not really, no." Charlie went over to the jukebox and looked back at the man behind the counter.
” Sam’s head thudded against the table. “It’s confusing. It’s chaos. But I’ve gotta try and keep the same timeline going or else this all ends badly. I think. We think.” Sam groaned in frustration. “Really, the more I try and explain it, the less it makes sense. We’ve got a team, okay? That’s what matters.”
“This is too long, it’s taking too long,” she rambled to herself, typing as quickly as she could.
"You're aware that — operating with the idea of it truly being Sam — we will never go anywhere. It will be you and me, and occasionally Michael, for eternity, with nothing to do but talk and tell stories."
"I really don't need to know about how bad you want to go near a vine right now, Dean," Sam said, face even redder than before.
Regardless, Gabriel used to hide me between his seven pairs of wings and slide out the gates, me in tow. I'm sure, thinking back, that Gadreel knew. He saw no harm in our antics, though, which is why I assume he let us pass so often.
“Pesach,” Castiel finally whispered back.
"No."
Sam rummaged around in his bag at the foot of the tent, finally pulling out a weirdly-shaped coffee pot. “I’ve got a camping percolator, sure. Don’t let the others know, though. Those kids can chug coffee like it’s water.”
"Make it two," Charlie responded, finally turning to Claire. "This is where I come when Sam makes me mad."
Gabriel asked in a thousand voices at once.
"I thought…" Maggie trailed off, finally meeting his eyes, "that you just didn't wanna run with
“So… The demon that killed me…”
To find only the love that you had left
Maggie took in a dramatic gasp, smile twitching at her lips. "My love!" she cried out. "Not the aubergine!"
Dean frowned at a picture of Sam that everyone ooh’d and aww’d at. “I took that,” he told Sam. “That was our picture in case we ever lost you. So we could show people.”
"For all the things my hands have held
"We'll wait to let the word out until after the wedding, okay?" Gabe said softly. "You two are right. There's no God here, so why bother revolving around him anymore?"
Dean's lips twitched. "Maybe I'm into that." This was a knife. This was a sharp knife that Dean was dancing dangerously close to.
And Sam looked over at her with red-rimmed eyes. "Because you're… you're
"Are you going to stop responding with questions?"
Chapter title taken from "Time in a Bottle" by Jim Croce
There was a silence, calculated and contemplative. "Because you are a good man, Dean Winchester." There was a hand against his cheek.
See, sometimes I have nice plot twists ❤
"I have seen the mighty river
"Yeah. Oh, you never met him, did you?" Sam rifled through their fridge before tossing a pudding cup to Fergus. "You two will get along swimmingly."
“You did this, didn’t you.”
"Hello, Artemis," he said to Claire.
“Michael,” Dean gritted out. “I will not deny you your eternity.”
"Thank you, mother," he mumbled, not making any move to pick up the drink. "However, I don't think I'll be drinking any tonight."
Michael sat up, eyes wide. “Sam,” he breathed.
Dean.
'Till touch down brings me round again to find
"Yeah, emotions are hard."
Maggie didn't wear shoes. Neither did Claire. They went barefoot, dirt sticking to their feet as they walked between rows of dandelions. Claire wore jeans and Maggie wore shorts, both with tshirts stained from the time they had repainted their rooms.
"Why not?" Dean definitely didn't whine.
"How did we get here?"
Title taken from "Wait For Me" from Hadestown
"Maggie."
"No. I don't
Colonel Sanders hopped into Jack's lap, settling in comfortably. "I guess he was just trying to get some privacy."
him?"
Castiel nodded from the bed and pressed play.
by just calling this simple, toll-free number.”
was about?”
"Jack is working on that right now," Sam promised, eyes wide. "It's a whole different process."
Raphael turned to Michael.
“It had nothing to do with you.”
Claire's face didn't move for a moment before it dropped into her hands, shoulders shaking. "Oh my god that's terrible."
“Woah, woah Dean it’s…” Sam held him back. “It’s okay. I’m here now.”
"All these people, all worshipping something. Who's right?"
"Alright. Let's do it."
And Claire's voice was busted, broken beyond repair as she said, "I just want a fucking family again."
“Patroclus. The dude that was gay for Achilles?”
There was the silence again, pressing in from all sides.
Charlie typed away at the computers while Donna did the same.
"Oh, very well played."
“Hey, hey. Don’t cry.” Dean held her face in his hands, wiping the tears away with his thumbs. “We’ve all done enough crying, doncha think? That era’s over. Let’s be happy.”
"Sam,
"Then why do you run away every time Cas is near?!"
“Time is a human construct; we have already discussed this,” Castiel said, noting the quivering in Dean’s hand.
"I don't know."
Maggie laughed softly. “I’m glad you three are happy. It’s been hell to see Sam so sad.”
"You and me," Castiel repeated. His eyes traced over every familiar line on Dean's face.
“You never ask easy questions,” Cas whispered, smiling. “But if it would make you feel better to have an easy answer, we can just go with no.”
Sam and Rowena exchanged a look. "Aye," Rowena said slowly. "Why wouldn't he be?"
"Tell me to stop loving you," Castiel begged. "Tell me to move on."
"You think Castiel can defeat me?"
I'd like to leave you with something more
Gabriel pinched the bridge of his own nose. “Jesus Christ,” he muttered. “You’re Sam’s kid. Goddamn.” He looked up at the sky. “Doesn’t a single one of you understand that it’s
That explains all our problems! Oh my god!" Sam got up and started pacing. "If time isn't linear then we'll have to get approximations of where in time we're meeting Dean," Sam rambled on, obviously talking to himself. He finally turned to face Dean. "Tell me everything we've said."
Dean sighed, looking around at the murals again.
“You kissed him?” Castiel’s voice was confused, dazed.
"Just... Do you think Sam and I were good enough on our own to get in? If we were being judged just like everyone else?"
"Cas?" Dean tried to say, but his voice was gone. Maybe it would always be gone, now.
But oh, how Dean wished Castiel could want
And it gets so cold when she leaves my side
“So she’s a bartender?” Jack asked, watching her curiously.
Dean's hands were deep in his pockets, aiming to shove his entire self in them. "You deserved better than me, Cas."
He jumped back, grinning. "Thine aubergine."
Patroclus drew close to me, and I to him. We shared everything between ourselves, late at night when the rest of the world lay asleep. He would climb into my bed and whisper stories to me, stories I had never heard before. I did not know what love was, at the time, but I believe I loved Patroclus.
Cas closed his eyes, wincing.
Title from "Cat's in the Cradle" by Harry Chapin
is wrong with you?! I'm offering you an out! If we work together we can
“Then what—”
think any of your bodily systems are working anymore? You are at the
"You lost Dean, too, Sam. You lost five parents."
"Hurts how?"
And then I found that box, and those blueprints.
than any other magic she had seen.
"Yeah? Good job, Sammy."
“Ah, yes. Running through the woods.” Dean made a vague gesture.
"Claire."
Maggie led the trail of people outside excitedly.
“Oh, shut up, bitch.”
“Love is a fucking cruel thing.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Okay alright maybe a
Castiel didn’t say anything.
This was before Eden. He and a few other angels guarded the gates of Heaven. We never thought to question what could possibly be trying to enter.
Claire wolf-whistled, leaning against the door frame in her short blue dress. “You clean up nice.”
"I've always had someone to follow," Castiel confessed. "Every time I'm on my own, I make bad choices."
Jody frowned. "Charlie said they couldn't lock onto Dean anymore, so his plan is slipping right through his fingers."
Rowena called out, “The others are bringin’ in small paintings that I am goin’ to magic to the wall. It works fine, dearie.”
“Every damn time,” Castiel whispered back.
"And I got you
"You say you're an
always just repeat after
I was young. Like I said, it was high school. I think we were somewhere in Texas on a ghoul hunt. We had actually stayed at that school long enough that prom rolled around. I know… I know you never went to public school, but prom was this big deal. You got a date, you dressed up nice, and you spent a night at a super lame party with all your friends.
“Hmm, perhaps we can just
"You know, we haven't been dating for a super long time. What if you meet some other girl that'll sweep you off your feet?"
Dean said, slowly, as if trying to speak another language,
"I have so many questions," Claire said.
"Yeah? Alright, well, I guess if that antichrist kid really is going through an anime phase then--" Dean cut himself off with a deep cough, "then it could be anything. Let's hope for boob physics."
Sam shot him a bitch face. "We don't know yet, alright? Just... Cas said something's changed in the world."
"Hmm," Dean hummed, leaning down to read the titles of the books. "Whatcha feelin'?"
Forgive the children we once were"
“Angels feel it too, Dean,” Cas promised, fingers hooking into Dean’s belt loops, pulling chest and stomach together.
I’m banking on you not finding this until after Sam finds his. Is that right? If not, please don’t tell him about this. Let him find his on his own. It’s… important.
Dean raised his eyebrows. “I figured we would’ve been there already.”
"I had to," Dean found himself saying.
And you can make your little plans and play your little game but you need to man up and pull the plug."
“I… I don’t know if he’ll listen to me.”
Castiel laughed softly against his mouth. “That sounds like the setup to a joke,” he breathed, hands trailing to ass.
"I wanna start by telling you I missed you and I'm glad you're the one who showed up when I got out of the Empt— the dead."
Title taken from "Achilles Come Down" by Gang of Youths
Sam kicked at the water, droplets splashing onto his face, his cheeks, his lips. "You
it was important — but it was
She looked again at Dean's face, permanent in the cosmos, and closed her eyes. "Tell me."
Dean gritted his teeth and followed, around many twists and turns.
“It’s Hebrew, Dean. Give it some oomph.”
“You’re my family,” Castiel said, eyes bouncing frantically from face to face. They landed on Dean. “I love you.” He winced. “I love all of you.”
Or you just started cleaning out of grief.
Daily and nightly,
"Yeah! We were playin' hide and seek and you hid and I seeked!"
“No. The ocean is deep, fathoms deeper than humans seem to think. Ancient things swim these waters.”
I was waiting for you all my life
“For leaving.”
Oh, Turpentine erase me whole
Charlie peered inside the room before nodding at the two girls, stepping inside and lowering her gun. Maggie and Claire followed her, machetes falling to their sides.
for Dean, then Dean could do this one thing.
Claire grinned back. “Unlikely.”
Cas put a hand on Dean's shoulder. "Don't worry. We'll fix this soon. It's nothing we can't handle."
"Thought we had the time, had our lives
“That’s okay.”
Claire grinned at him. “So, does that make you my grandpa or something?”
Gabe reached down for another baseball, saw it was empty, and did a quick calculation before refilling the bucket. “So you’re upset because he left everyone?” His vision swam a moment.
Claire didn't say anything, didn't even really move. Just stared out at the tide.
“Tell you what?"
Sam had a shaky smile on his face. “Yeah. Yeah, it’s me.”
Castiel shoved his arm across Dean's throat, effectively silencing him.
"A moment?"
Dean huffed out a laugh, looking down at his hands. “The first time you
The goodbyes were easy, easier than any that Sam had had before.
Claire raised an eyebrow at her before sliding on the helmet and getting on behind her.
"Ye're not leavin' him. Ye're lettin' him move on, too."
to have more than one problem at a time?!”
Dean grinned wide. "I'm calling bullshit, babe. You didn't do that with Sam."
I'm so in love."
Sam froze as Jack left, seemingly unaware of what he had just said. “Did he just
followed us back in for the chance of getting what was left to a better life. Maggie's a leader. She's brave and smart, and exceptionally kind. I know you probably don't think Dean was very kind but… I don't think anyone knew him like I did."
“I can hear the smile in your voice, Cas. You ain’t slick. Even underwater. Not even a bit slippery.”
Dean did not stray far from Castiel. His feet stepped directly where Castiel stepped, he pushed aside the same branches Castiel pushed aside. Though Castiel walked slowly and calmly, leading, Dean walked as though he was being led to the noose.
“We were gay for
“How did it go?” Gabe asked softly.
“Oh, baby. I know it.” Dean thumbed Castiel’s bottom lip gently, letting his fingers caress his jaw.
People that I used to hate, I hardly remember
"Thanks for tha', too." Dean yawned loudly. "I love ya. An' e'ery memory I got wit' ya in it."
Dean stopped breathing on a Thursday.
“In sickness and in health…”
Castiel pursed his lips in thought, translating his sentence. "So, your dick turns me on?"
Claire took a deep breath, grabbed the tape, and put it neatly back in its rightful place in the collection.
"My favorite everything."
“Hey,” Dean said, worry clouding his voice. “This is
“I’ve never actually planned a party before.”
"Gotta be more specific there, tiger," Dean said, eyebrow raised.
"I think I know where he went," Claire told her in hushed tones. "And I'm going, too."
"Tithonus. I lost him."
Dean hit the other wall. Hard. “I th-thought we were—”
By my bedside on the table to my left hand
So when Donna hit a homerun and had to roll doubles on some dice before she ran directly to second base, Charlie had to hit her with a dodgeball to win the final three points.
"Hmm. Tell ya what. You and I can play a game of soccer when I bust you out of here." He thumbed away tears from Dean's cheeks. "How's Cas?"
Cas nodded to himself before suddenly leaning up to Dean's ear, biting at the jaw just under. Dean's head thumped back, hands coming up to clutch at Cas's coat, lips parting in shock. Cas pressed his lips against Dean's ear and growled, factually, "Your member arouses me."
His eyes lit up. “Can you?”
Dean knew this place.
Claire had always enjoyed thrift shopping with Dean.
The next picture that Dean had picked up shattered against the ground. "What?" Dean whispered.
Cas looked around the bar briefly, and Dean wanted to follow that gaze. "What are you doing here?"
It's more likely than you think.
"And it hurts me to look into the mirror at myself
OF YOURS! IT'S RIGHT IN YOUR FUCKING FACE!
"Do you know the story of Orion?"
Castiel chuckled softly, hooking his foot around Dean’s. “I’m mostly kidding. Regardless of what God might say, I do not believe he created
"That's understandable. It's been a long time."
in words I've never heard before, and Claire reaches out a hand and next thing I know,
Dean pressed the heels of his palms against his eyes. “Yeah? You happy?”
And Dean had snuck outside the Bunker to call her.
“You’re still my mom.” He looked at her sorrow-ridden face. “And I’m still sorry. You lost Dean, too, and I didn’t…” Sam trailed off, regret in his eyes.
“He erased every memory of me.”
“Torture you? Don’t you wanna see me?”
"You're impossible," Castiel grumbled as his phone rang. He answered it quickly, glaring at Dean for good measure. "Yes?"
“Hi?”
“I ain’t
Would find another lover like me.”
"What... What do you want from me? What do I need to do?" Dean begged. He knew he was begging, knew he had fallen to his knees.
"I don't know you."
“You’re Heaven, Cas,” Dean said softly, vision overcome with the absolute sky in front of him.
Cas snapped awake, breathing hard, lungs seizing at the sensation of water filling them. His hands immediately covered his face, shielding himself. "D-Dean?"
Charlie shut off the motorcycle, offering a hand to help Claire off. They stowed their helmets and walked inside.
Claire took it gently from him, the letters on it not making any sense. But she knew what it said all the same. "Live from Folsom Prison."
Maggie had stared at nothing, backed into a corner of the room. Of all the words spewing from Jack's mouth without his consent, she was the only one to understand.
“Yeah, but I kinda feel like you’re holding out on me, man.”
The Bunker groaned again, a somber sound that came from everywhere at once.
Michael spit out blood. “What the
"Perhaps you know where he is? What he's been doing with all of his shit time? Do you think if I screamed into this void we are stuck in, dear brother, he would hear me? Do you think he would even listen?"
about your damn excuses!"
Charlie rolled her eyes at Mr. Man Bun in front of her. “Noted.” She began typing again. “Hey, Jack.”
“Not… the whole time, no. But more recently I have been.”
“Wena and I talked about it this morning in the shower.”
"What's that supposed to mean?" Claire asked, confusion quickly turning to frustration.
But, really, he never quite got past anger.
"What the hell," Claire asked quietly.
Cas made some non-committal sound before losing himself in Dean.
don't ask me to prove that." There were soft giggles that neither noticed. "I love you. I love you. Marry me, Maggie Elizabeth."
"Hey," Claire said, giving her a sly grin. "I'm a big girl. I can take care of myself."
“I knew it.” Dean smirked, washing the dried blood off his arms.
“Bees, currently.”
And I loved my love there
"No."
Sam played with the back of his sunglasses, making them bounce up and down on his nose. He had never bothered to learn Braille, and now he kinda wished he had.
Castiel laughed softly. “I’m sure there are plenty of other reasons.”
"What? So the entire fuckin' Bible is a lie?"
“To be my lawfully wedded husband.”
"Hey," Sam said, slightly surprised. "What's—"
I don't fucking
(See the end of the chapter for
Maggie thought a moment before nodding. "Oh, hell yeah."
“Thanks,” she grumbled.
Dean studied Sam’s face, all the lines, the whorls in his eyes. “I believe you.”
“But, ya know,” Claire began, “if-slash-when Sam decides to kick us out, we’ll go from there. I still exist on paper, so we can work something out. Maybe a cute little apartment.”
Mags nodded. "Exactly! Like, there's always this damned humming in the back of your mind here that I never realized until that moment. Everything was quiet. It was like water in the desert."
to think." He threw down his pen and sighed. "The angel radio is back up," he admitted. "Everything is chaos right now. No one knows what to do."
Dean shrugged, taking a sip from his beer. “Can’t imagine.”
Cause since I've kissed it I am at your command
Dean stared at the pictures more before sighing, breath wavering. “Cas and I will be headed out tonight.”
"How could I do that to him?" Sam breathed, so soft a feather wouldn't have dared move in his breeze.
ago!"
Even if only for a few hours.
“Sam, you’re a grown adult. You’re not required to check in with me.”
With Castiel in his arms, rugged, rough, and unshaven, Dean knew.
“I dream about you,” Dean whispered. “I know I do.”
Castiel laid back against the bed, feeling more at-home than he had in a while. His eyes travelled over Dean's clothes on the floor and he frowned.
Why do I know you?! What’s fucking trapped inside my head besides another entire fucking
he mused thoughtfully, staring deep into Castiel.
Castiel was an angel of the Lord.
"Yes?"
“Huh. So we’ll have everybody, then.”
"Sam.
That I will fall for you over again
"No phones!" Maggie declared, running out of the tent. "Only nature!"
Cas was screaming and crying and blaming him for things which were absolutely his fault, and all that Dean could see was how blue the red rim made his eyes.
But I saw my own love there
Cas rucked Dean's shirt back up. "You're trying to distract me with talk of Patroclus. Why?"
Dean's laughter subsided into the occasional giggle. "Nah, babe. You've gotta use slang words. All formal like that is just kinda weird. Like you learned pillow talk from a bad fanfiction."
“Friends with benefits just didn’t seem to… suit us, I suppose,” Cas continued after the silence had burrowed into his eardrums, reminding him just how entirely he had missed the salty cadence of Dean’s voice. “We were better as friends.”
“The shirt. It’s— nevermind. You look cute.”
“Hey, if
Castiel hadn't seen him, but Dean had seen
"Be right back," Dean mumbled, sliding down the box until he was at the bottom.
"Every mile, a memory; every song, another scene
I’d look for your eyes.
Castiel had a vase of blue daffodils, because there was nothing else Dean could do with them.
“What— Oh.
"I don't know," Gabriel admitted. "You mentioned Summerland earlier. Did you make it real?"
I've stalled long enough, Sam. It's time for me to be brave.
"When I pull Dean over, it's just his consciousness. But
want to go grocery shopping for an army…”
Castiel stared at his wings, winced at the thought of using his grace for anything at all.
“They’re incredible beings.”
He was in love.
"Was that truly your decision to make?" Castiel huffed, a single flower trampling under his heel. "It's past now. We move along."
"But you will. You'll feel that
“How does it work?”
"She really likes green," Donna responded just as quickly.
"Oh, it's a cross between an elephant and a rhino."
And there were lips against his, soft and sweet. "You idiot," Castiel repeated.
lay an egg?"
"Slang," Dean agreed.
"Not like... Not like this. It's always been scared of dying, or of leaving Sam behind, or of
Her eyebrows shot up. “I’m sorry. You met
"On like… the
"Are we… you know…"
"Hm?"
“A few. I think you’ll recognize most of them.”
" she accused.
around here?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean was silent, staring. There was only one way for this to go, as far as he was concerned, and he was very much on board. It was Armageddon, anyway. Who was he to deny himself this?
Dean laughed. “Okay, maybe that wasn’t the best example. But really, they’re tricky and really touchy and just all around
"Yes Satan."
"Fun is relative."
"The monsters," Gabriel deadpanned. "You've created a system that redeems the
Cas smiled in the water. "Good to know you've been listening. Fine. I will tell you one terrible tale. But please... Have mercy in your judgment."
Life out of nothing. Beings not like us, but also very much like us. Beings created by the same father, the same God. They were single cells, not even crawling, and we called them “Brother.”
(See the end of the chapter for
His eyes softened for a moment. “That sounds beautiful.”
“Yes, but I
to tell me?!”
“They’re the best. They’re the reason I’m not still stuck trying to wear myself down for others. Them and Jody and Donna.”
Hey, can I tell you a secret?
Castiel hugged her back tightly. “Thank you,” he whispered. “How is Jack doing?”
There was a pause, one far too long for the song, before Dean managed, “to make it better.”
He leaned his head back and looked along the bookshelf above Dean's bed.
Anyway. Moving on.
"Oh, you wanna keep tally? We can keep tally. I will destroy you."
“Maggie. Maggie. Hey, Mags. Look.”
Gabriel, too, had lost Castiel.
“And I think I’m an idiot, after all,” Sam told Gabriel, handing over something.
“I’m pretty sure that’s against the rules.”
She let out a breath. “Gosh. Uh, hard question. I dunno. I always thought I was supposed to be attracted to guys because well… that’s just what everyone told me. But then there was Sarah…” Charlie smiled at the memory. “She was my first close friend. We used to do everything together. We were — gosh, what? Sixteen? I was still in high school. It was late one night while we were camping. The firelight was dancing across her face, and I felt my heart skip. Like, actually skip. I’d never felt that for anyone. I laid awake all night thinking about her. And she was sharing my tent, so she knew I hadn’t fallen asleep and asked if I wanted to go skinny dipping.” Charlie cleared her throat. “And that’s how I knew. That night.”
"Yes?"
Sam shrugged, slowing down on Dean’s behalf. “I can tell when you’re lying, ya know.”
He meandered to the edge of the pool, glancing at the open jar of gillyweed beside it.
“Filled with people or empty?”
Charlie shrugged. “I only met him a few times, too. Most of my time was spent in another world.”
"We have a
Rowena slowly grinned. “You meant fer this to happen, didn’ ye?”
"My answer stands."
for Dean.
He ripped a single blue daffodil out of his lungs, roots and all.
"If you don't get off me I swear I'll—"
"I will always be here for you," Cas whispered.
"Are we drinking?" Claire asked, looking around the rather dingy bar.
Gabe snorted. “How ya feeling?”
She turned her head into Donna's shoulder and screamed.
Then her face fell.
Rowena let out a string of curses. "Will any o' ye give me a straight answer?! What
"I can't see beyond this box."
“It’s a joke, Cas. Just roll with me here.”
I want a slow dance with you."
I still have it?"
When you cried, I'd wipe away all of your tears
And all sound stopped.
It was Nebraska
Jody wrinkled her brow in confusion. "Ah, Rowena?"
“And it is eternal.”
son. He saw something
"Indeed." Cas took another sip of his drink, eyes averted in a way that dug a hole in Dean's abdomen.
Gabriel put a hand over his own mouth to quiet his laughter. "Oh gosh, you're gonna hate yourself in the morning." He materialized a new cosmo, raising it high. "To the new Winchesters!"
Dean held Castiel's hand against his cheek for much longer than ten seconds.
“Lust?” Castiel tried for him.
“Hey Jude, don’t make it bad,” came a voice not his own. Dean’s head jerked up towards the sound, the gravelly voice of Castiel, angel of the Lord. “Take a sad song and make it better.”
“I’m not gonna make you
… You
"Are you gonna kiss me every time I lose?" Dean mumbled, parting his lips, brushing them against Cas's.
“Seal it with a kiss?”
One last, quick kick was something deep and ugly inside Claire, a monster unleashed and — yes, those were definitely tears. They were the hot, bitter tears of mourning someone still alive. But, more than that.
and there's a love that grows between us
“We each took one section,” Jody told him. “Claire and Jack came up with the idea.”
Jack hit the spacebar, pausing the show. "What? Of the Bunker?"
“You were Achilles?”
Haeliel, but Castiel still felt a stinging tear roll down his face.
“I know there is!”
"Silence, got it."
“Asking you to sing for me.”
Castiel let out a noise, slightly choked and very frustrated. "It would only hurt you."
“Regret is a human emotion,” Cas said.
Sam waved a big goodbye to everyone — especially Maggie — as they carted him off.
There was no response and no Sam.
“Sam doesn’t know how to keep his mouth shut,” Dean grumbled.
All the pretty songs you sing aren't gonna
Cas smiled at him, slipped his hand to the back of Dean's neck, and kissed him.
They were on the dance floor. Like, slow dancing. Dean’s head literally on Mark’s shoulder as some sappy love song played.
“Hm.”
The box was shallow, as far as boxes go, and Dean only had to spread his fingers wide to brush against Castiel’s face. There was a small scar he knew, just behind his right ear from a specifically hard hit against a wall. He traced it gently, barely able to feel it anymore. “Us being alive is proof, Cas."
“I thought he would— If I asked, I knew He would bring back Haeliel…”
They told me I was doing the right thing. That the souls I was taking would pave the way for believers everywhere.
"And let me guess: Samuel is taking a wee nap under those very wings right now, yes? And they are, miraculously, soft?"
Jody rubbed the bridge of her nose and held the door open wider, letting her in. "Sam's told us about you."
"If I could save time in a bottle
With a clenched fist, the shell crumbled to dust.
“He chose Dean over me.”
Gabriel had to look away, face red. "Rowena," he started, "you in?"
Redemption lies plainly in truth."
Donna looked to Charlie, and Charlie looked to Jody.
Castiel felt laughter bubbling up inside him. “Then they’re going to have to come down here and bust us out themselves!”
When Earth became solid, it was just molten rock.
In a flash of light, Dean was alone.
“I think… I think bad people hurt other people.”
"Yeah uh… Michael erased your memories."
They walked into the garage and Charlie tossed her a helmet before starting up one of the motorbikes.
know peace if I do not kill God!”
Claire patted Maggie's shoulder. "I have much to teach you, young grasshopper."
Castiel's eyes twinkled. "As you wish."
"Ya know, our lives are so fucked up that that knowledge doesn't even phase me."
Sam met Charlie's eyes and sighed. "Yeah, okay. Camping it is."
Dean desperately tried to memorize the taste as he kissed Castiel. It wasn’t what he had initially expected. It wasn’t sweet or soft or even
And Dean wished Castiel would stop looking at him, because he could feel leaves pressing into his trachea.
Raphael looked around in exasperation. “I’m not sure what to do here, brothers. There is so much we do not know.”
"How could we not talk about family when family's all that we got?
"Then how do
He sighed. Dean just needed his time.
Maggie snorted, then giggled, until she too was on the ground, laughing beside them.
Rowena rolled her eyes and addressed the room. "If ye can lead us to the ingredient room, it would mean a lot."
“Huh.”
And I waited.
He sighed. “No. It’ll take action. We
Dean swore as his fist collided with metal, and Castiel squeezed his eyes shut, trying to think. How to explain this? How to say it where Dean would believe? How to guard his already heavily-guarded heart?
If Castiel could face down Heaven, his family, the
Dean growled at him, shoving him off. “Good fuckin’ luck. I was taught how to torture by
of sexual frustration in there, sure. Though I did not know it at the time.”
A sigh, then, “I wish I could say, confidently, no. But the truth is, there are some days I wonder how things would have been different. I can’t say that it would’ve been better. In fact, I sincerely doubt it would have been. I just…” Castiel took his hand back to run over his own face. “I wish I could see both outcomes. See how things could have gone differently. Maybe if I had turned traitor quicker, we could have avoided some things. Or what if I never had?”
Castiel's eyebrows shot up, grin twitching at his lips. "I wasn't aware that you were an option."
humans!”
Sam stared at the words in his book, trying to think of a good way to answer that. "I missed you, too," he murmured.
Cas frowned a moment before nodding. "Yes. There are a few."
“Of course,” she told him, puzzled. “We’re your family.”
"You keep... You kept following me, time after time, no matter how I messed up. You told me you needed me, you trusted me even as I betrayed you and your brother. You told me you'd
lying,” Dean responded, shouldering Sam as he passed. “Is this gonna take long? Dad said—”
Why was it so cold in here?
“Mm, better.”
“So you forgive me?”
"When you coming home, dad?" "I don't know when"
No, it was quiet in the Bunker, because nobody had anything left to say.
"What about Castiel?!"
Gabriel looked to Rowena, and Rowena looked to Gabriel.
Yes, like you. Now shush.
Castiel was silent for a moment. "Ah. Yes. My apologies. It's my favorite animal, as I am telling you now… for the first time."
. We can give Dean his memories back.”
Mary and Rowena were projecting baby pictures of Sam onto a wall.
Gabriel backed away to look at Sam, whose face was shocked. "You were expecting a fight, weren't you?" Gabriel asked gently.
Dean stared back. “I’m not… I’m not your daddy, Sam.”
Michael scoffed. "What gave you
he said, slightly awed.
Jack picked up a nearby rag and cleaned the paint off Claire’s face. “You can do this, bear. I know you can.”
"What is your favorite animal, then?"
“And leave our mixed blood to float around this coffin with us indefinitely? I don’t think so.”
Charlie shook her head. "Using its name draws its attention. Ask Sam sometime. He has a special way of communicating this sort of thing." She glanced back to the void. "Anyway, I think we can leave this here safely. Thanks for being brave."
Dean leaned in and grazed Castiel’s lip with his teeth, pulling back on it slightly, slowly.
Dean chuckled softly, tongue darting out for a moment before saying, "Then I should really lose more often."
“It doesn’t surprise me. You were quite good at Enochian. It was… required of you, I suppose.”
“You wanna know how I kissed Michael?” Dean whispered, exhaled water ghosting Castiel’s mouth.
"Hm?"
"You got a new cologne," Dean remarked, muffled by Sam's shirt.
Dean scoffed, "Yeah, right."
But Gabriel, don't you blow your trumpet
"What do you mean?"
"Because I
Gabriel shrugged. “I wish I knew.”
it's dangerous! Everything is dangerous! That
He drove on through the night.
“Jerk.”
“How would I know?”
"I lost four parents," Sam told her, barely louder than a breath. "Bobby, and Dad, and Mom, and Ellen."
Dean grunted. "Right. You're 'not Alastair'. Got it. You're an 'angel'." Dean rolled his eyes. "Tell me something then, Allie. If angels exist, then why does bad shit always happen, huh? If there's a
Maggie nodded, pausing for a second as the room spun. "Yesssss."
“And though it is not your fault, I also forgive you.”
"Better question!" Gabriel said, pushing the attention away. "Better question. Where did Charles and Daisy go?"
"That's a thing," Sam responded, laughing softly. "Just try it."
Dean grinned against his hair, pressing open-mouthed kisses to anywhere he could reach. “I love you so much,” Dean told him, soaking in Castiel.
"It doesn't matter! I'm getting you two out!"
Claire caught his hand, face desperate. “Wait! Please… don’t go?”
I remember I said, “Besides, I think the teachers don’t like you older kids being here.”
"Michael," Dean begged, voice breaking.
SO WERE ALL OF THE OTHER ANGELS HE LET
"It wasn't me!" Gabriel hissed back. "He found a letter. Dean left him a letter!"
And a void would be calling"
“O’ course,” Rowena replied. “This is a salve I made. It has to be an unbroken circle around each eye. Ye can take the left eye.”
PLEASE NOTE: Posting schedule is changing to Mondays AND Thursdays! Yeehaw!
Mary held up her hands defensively, smiling. “Hey, just trying to figure out if I should be planning for great-grandkids or not.”
"For what?"
Cas leaned on the table, smirking. “Where would we go?”
“When we were in Purgatory, I dreamed of this sometimes.”
"That's the thing about life I don't think either of ye ever learned. It moves on with or without ye. Ye can hold onto the past as long as ye like, but it's still jest that. The past. An' ye can't make it the present, no matter how hard ye try. A day will come where ye don't think about Dean once. An' it's scary. It's downright terrifyin'. An' ye'll feel like ye let him down." Rowena pressed a soft kiss to his forehead, and he closed his eyes in pain. "Ye've been holdin' on too hard, Sam. I'm not sayin' ye've got to give up. But step back an' think about it.
Dean gave him a small smile, pushing forward to kiss him. "I love you, Castiel."
"Right…"
Mary put a hand against her stomach. "Adam," she said.
"You fear yourself. More than anything else. You fear what you can cause, and what you can make other people think. And you hate what you fear."
Sam cried into her hair, grasping her like she was the last bit of air in the universe, like an older brother had once grasped him upon finding out he was still alive. "Us against the world," he told her.
Title taken from "A Twist in my Story" by Secondhand Serenade
Sam. You keep fucking visiting like it's going to change the fact that
They were just
“Hey, driver picks the music…” Dean mumbled.
"You saw creation," Gabriel finally said. "And you changed it."
I can tell that we are going to be friends"
“Like taxes?”
"How much sorrow can I take?
Maggie eyed him suspiciously. "Yeah, okay. I'll be in the kitchen in a few."
The door was Dean’s door.
Sam nodded absently, looking around. "Jack's okay," he noticed aloud.
Maggie turned to feel to the edge of the bed and found it empty. She tried to wiggle out from under Jack's wings and arms, but he grumbled and pulled her closer.
"I'm sorry."
"Oh my god," he whispered.
"I didn't know they even came in blue," he whispered, voice ragged and hoarse.
Gabriel raised his eyebrow at the hand. “Somehow I find that hard to believe.”
Claire shoved her hands in her pockets. “Who’s feeling baseball?”
Michael shook his head. “Not many. Those with unfinished business are… already on Earth, anyways,” he said wryly. “No, it was mostly a few souls from Hell, and even then, most opted to be invisible.” He sat down in a chair heavily. “Humans understand loss better than we give them credit for.”
Dean nudged him gently. "Whatcha thinkin' bout, Sammy?"
“There
"It's all I ask," Dean murmured. "It's all I want."
"Don't move," he told Dean, and then he was gone.
lurking around the edges. Haeliel stared Castiel down, chin raised.
Dean ran a hand over his face, taking a deep breath. “How am I supposed to talk to him about this? You don’t think…?” Dean let the question hang, looking to Castiel.
"Thank you for not," Cas whispered back.
Here I go.
We studied medicine.
“What’s it gonna call
Rowena's eyebrows shot up. "
They started at an easy pace, the chilly air of autumn burning their lungs.
his family." Dean's head thumped back again and his mouth opened in a gasp, eyes wide. "Everything fucking hurts."
“Dean?” Castiel said.
“I mean, I’m in a box at the bottom of the ocean. That seems to rule out Sammy as actually being here.”
to the point,
are the true prophet.”
"C'mon." He switched over to a Southern drawl. "You killed two cowboys."
“No, he didn’t.” Jack wiped at his face with his sleeve.
mess with it. It is far more powerful than you can bear to fathom.”
"I'm not coming back," Dean breathed back.
"I think that was sort of the point. Regardless, bees were used to represent him for a long time. They bring me peace."
Sam woke up slowly, looking around in a daze. "Rowena?" he asked confusedly.
But he stopped seeing blue altogether.
"Dean."
For all the time they had been apart, Castiel wasted no more, hands friction against stomach, chest, shirt, up, off, stuck. Dean tossed his jacket aside, then shirt, lips parted against the breath that had breathed life into mud, had whispered
Gabe sighed, looking up as if for support. "Creation isn't… a static thing. It's constant. Things are always being created and destroyed. But it's usually off-limits to everyone but God."
"I wasn't here for all of it," Gabriel admitted. "But no. Not most of the time. Here recently? Yeah. He was doing great."
Jack's eyebrows raised. "
Honestly, as Sam trudged happily to his own room, his face hurt from smiling so much. And wasn’t that just a wonderful feeling? It had turned out to be a fantastic day, and everyone would still be there tomorrow. There had been no talk of monsters or hunting or night. Just family being family. Just happiness. Just what Sam had truly always wanted.
Sam's jaw dropped. "Charlie—"
at me and I…
"He's my brother."
"I TRUST IN HIM! HE PROMISED HE WOULD BE BACK!"
"I knew it would get ya," he told her, leaning back. They were on the roof now, watching the stars.
Title from "Remember When" by Alan Jackson
“Sing to me, Castiel,” Dean whispered, smile playing with his lips.
“Jack is wonderful. He looks at everything wide-eyed, and he never seems to stop learning. His heart is huge. I’ve never met someone who cared so deeply for everything… I learn from him every day. Claire is a spitfire, but she’s calmed down in her adult years. She’s hard on the outside, but as sweet as can be on the inside. She’s not afraid to fight for what she believes in, and I’ll always admire that about her. Maggie is older than she seems. She’s been through so much, and sometimes I feel like she’s the only one who understands what I’m going through. She’s quiet, but don’t mistake that for disinterest. She’s always watching people, picking out their emotions. She’s loving and kind, when the world should have made her hard.”
once."
“It’s not that I don’t
Something in Dean was shivering, shaking to the core. The marrow in his bones struggled against him.
"What are you thinking about?"
"And you never will be if I continue to baby you into it. Now, is that your move?"
Little traces are the proof that you exist"
“I know.”
Maybe Donna knows where one is?"
Until then, he just had to deal with the goddamned aching in his lungs.
“Perhaps
Dean watched the blood drip from Michael’s face, from his stomach. “I think we’re even.”
"So, slang words, moaned wantonly?"
but I didn't wanna just assume—"
Sam adjusted Gabriel in his arms. "You should know I'm not…
Her eyes softened. “You don’t want anybody.”
"I wanted to help you. I didn't want to seem… even a little weak." She shook her head, starting up a light pace again.
"It's… complicated."
When Cas opened his eyes, they landed on a small carving in the wall near his feet, something he had never seen before.
Charlie rolled her eyes, grinning, before pausing on top of a rock. "Hold up then." She pulled off her backpack and rummaged through it until she found a pair of shorts and tossed them at Rowena. "These should work."
Dean knew that voice.
Sam put a hand on Dean's cheek, and Dean flinched.
I fuckin' sucked at it, but it was fun to trash talk Sam as we played. I would do that every night while we were in that area. Come home from school, wait for Sammy, play soccer until supper time. I'd make something
“Knew it. Who was Jack the Ripper?”
“How do you mean?”
Words had tripped from Jack's lips, words that hadn't been spoken on Earth in eons. He spoke — no. He
Donna snorted. “Ya know damn well I didn’t.
"Whatcha thinking about?" she asked finally.
"I don't know very much, I'm afraid. Just the basics. I know what happened, but not
Cas felt Dean’s soul writhing in its marked cage and held his face tight, pulling him in and kissing him with a desperation he didn’t know he was capable of. Where lips met lips, skin was just skin, and there were only two faces, two
When I was still a fledgling, Gabriel and I used to sneak past Gadreel at the gates of Heaven.
It was obvious in the harshness of his hands as they traveled to thighs, pulling them up and wrapping them around him.
"So you see
Sam laughed, the usual warmth in the sound gone. "That's because I run alone when I'm angry."
Michael sank his teeth into Dean’s arm, and Dean let out a harsh sound, crashing down.
Jack shook his head. “All of it. I mean, it’s sweet. I like seeing Claire and Maggie so happy. And Sam and Gabe and Rowena. But I can’t imagine being in that same scenario.” He scrunched his nose. “Sex weirds me out. And I know I haven’t
Sam looked up to see Dean look away, sipping at a beer and leaning against Castiel.
“I can hear your disbelief.”
Dean jumped. "Gotta quit sneaking up on me like that, Cas," Dean said, coughing slightly.
Title taken from "Mystery of Love" by Sufjan Stephens
“There we are.” Gabriel pitched another too low, and it bounced behind Jack.
Jody plopped down beside Donna, letting out a long breath.
A jar rolled against his feet and he finally looked around.
Dean begged, corrected, "
"So you'll let us help?"
He was beautiful.
Rowena looked to Gabriel, head pressed against Sam’s chest. “We’ll bring it up again when he’s sober,” she whispered, eyes closing.
“Remember when I said we were the same person?”
Claire nodded, face red. "We did."
In your head, in your mouth, in your soul
Sam barely nodded his head, already drifting off.
"I don't want to hurt you."
“Hki.”
He found nothing.
It hit Dean, suddenly, that Castiel, angel of the Lord, was mortal.
And on the highway of regret
have an apocalypse in my world."
You're acting like I don't have a choice in the matter but I do! I didn't HAVE to figure this out!"
“Proof that I was making a difference. I led heavenly armies against hordes of demons, and, no matter how many times we were hit, we never showed a single sign of weariness. I wanted the signs. I wanted proof.”
He was good at it. He said, sometimes, when he was little, he'd go into thrift shops just to buy things to resell. He'd make enough money that way to last him and Sam until their dad got back.
Michael pushed him off.
"I know. That's… that's why I didn't. But when has that ever stopped me? What changed?"
“Yeah. But he also wasn’t at the lake alone in the early morning, like I’m sure he would be here.” Claire crouched at the edge, squinting into the murky depths. “Maybe we could repaint it. Make it something he can’t be depressed about.”
The sun rose on the horizon.
"When we don't know the state of Heaven or Hell?"
But the river can't take me back in time
Gabriel gestured between them. “I’m trying to fix that here!”
"Uh—"
and I ask him to teach me how to play.
"Are you going to behave yourself?"
"So I try to say good-bye my friend
"There is sometimes, albeit rarely, a great peace in having your agency taken away."
Dean shoved his knee into Michael’s stomach, flipping them over once more. “You think he’s gonna be
They didn’t get ice cream.
There was silence, then, "I wanna help you carry that weight."
know?"
me?!”
"It just says in a day or two."
“Wishful thinkin’ but… maybe it’s just the wind?” Dean tried, looking all around the barn.
He hesitated there, unsure, before looking back at Castiel. His wet hair was plastered to his head, and he was admiring a butterfly that had landed on his elbow. In fact, it looked like he was conversing with it.
"Artemis, Claire,
“You seriously think that you can make enough shitty decisions
"Serene," Castiel repeated thoughtfully, stepping over the flowers growing through the cracks in the sidewalk. "You walk to work? What happened to Baby?"
"Dean!"
"I have to."
“I— yeah. Thanks,” Claire responded, going back to her painting.
Sam nodded. “Yes, it does. Um, will. Do that.” He rolled his eyes at Dean’s arched eyebrow. “Look, I know what he’s gonna say, because you’ve already told me. In the future. It’s
And Dean opened his eyes to endless black water.
Jack yawned again. "Emotional stuff."
Dean fidgeted. "So, your favorite thing about humans is the thing I'll never have?"
"Why do you care so much?"
Dean snuggled further into Castiel. "Our lives were jus' one big game o' Mousetrap. We fin'lly got caught."
Gabriel sat down beside him, something twisted curling in his stomach. Sam was a storm, lightning etching its way across his face in slow-motion.
Dean's hand trailed across the curves of Castiel's face. "You're not. It's still quiet."
"Oh, now you want to bargain? To beg? Don't move. One move and he's gone forever from you."
“Is this a surprise party? It feels like a surprise party.”
"I did. God, I hated Castiel for so long. I still remember what it felt like, when I was Castiel. Or maybe Castiel was me." She shook her head. "It was a nightmare. Like static inside your lungs, but everything is blinding light. Like, really blinding, like staring at the sun for years, ten inches from its surface. And you're a puppet."
Dean traced around it idly, forming a mental image. He couldn’t see anything. Hadn’t seen anything since the lid had shut, sealing them in forever. Castiel’s hands were rough against his, and Dean vaguely wondered if they would ever grow soft. His fingers were calloused and his palms the same.
dying. Of what that means. I can hear Michael screaming, all the time, and one day he's gonna get out. And I don't... I don't know what forever is, Cas."
Dean snorted. “No wonder you don’t wanna bone me.”
Title from "Last of My Kind" by Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit
There was murmuring around the courtroom.
“Calm down!”
"I get the distinct feelin' I should show up there in person," Rowena said, frown evident in her voice.
Cas kissed him gently, smiling. “Ah, that’s a good point. I can’t very well turn you in, can I?”
Dean growled and crossed his arms over his chest, grumbling. This was the most interesting thing to happen down here, and he couldn't even sate his own curiosity.
"This is insane," Claire said, following Charlie down the hall.
“Yeah.” Claire tilted her head to the left, then right, thinking. “But also, water.”
“Dean…” Castiel lamented quietly, before taking a deep breath and reading the letter.
They walked a ways, checking every door they came across.
Dean stared into the dark for a while, tasting the wine-soaked melody on his tongue, before translating softly,
Dean took a deep breath in, held it, and let it out slowly. “Then tell me.”
“Hey Ju-”
“Aha! Yes! The plan!” Sam grinned at them. “We all ready?”
Claire nodded her head, bawling into Sam's shirt.
"I was protecting you, Sam…"
"This is my
Of course, Claire, in her dreams, wasn't aware of that. In her dreams, Dean was sitting beside her outside Donna's house, talking about the book. There was stubble on his face, and his eyes were brighter than she really remembered.
“I think they’re beautiful.”
"I already know yours, Dean Winchester."
We walked back home, and the Impala was sitting outside. Dean peered in the window and snuck back to us, said Dad was passed out.
Castiel levelled a glare at him. "I will only
Well, no, that wasn’t true. Castiel refused to speak first, for some reason. But, Dean
When you'd scream, I'd fight away all of your fears
“Have I won? Do you concede that water is not wet?” Castiel teased.
And this is I'm sorry.
Until you hear from me"
Jack beamed at him. "Yes."
Sam huffed, arms crossed. "No,
Castiel hummed, and then mumbled something in what was almost Enochian, but not quite. Like Pre-Enochian, old and ancient. “Sam,” he said when he had finished, “it really is wonderful to see you. I didn’t quite think I ever would again.”
And Claire didn't know the answer, so neither did Dean.
"Hey Cas? I can hear Sam."
“I am literally old enough to be its mom.”
Dean wanted to ask, what sort of human could press fingertips past his chest and ribs and veins and aortas directly into his heart, could steal his pulse and move it south, could find it again with lips pressed against throat, back pressed against door. A single sliding motion had them careening inside, door handle catching on Dean’s shirt and slamming shut after them.
Cas groaned. “I’m going to pretend I didn’t hear that.”
scalding.
"Could I perhaps… get a meal for the road? I forgot how strange it was to be human. All these…
And waiting.
Jack slowly calmed in Gabriel’s arms. "I can't forgive him," he whispered.
Castiel’s eyes were glittering in the light. “Dean Winchester,” he hummed, “is this a ring?”
Gabe couldn’t stop his snort. “Bribing me, huh? With a single cupcake? I’ll have you know I won’t be bought so easily.”
There was a voice echoing around Dean's head, and it sounded a lot like Sam.
Donna chuckled. “If only. What’s her name?”
"You gonna want one pancake or two?"
Title taken from "We're Going to be Friends" by The White Stripes
But Castiel laughed, a genuine laugh, loud and long, one hand going to his face. “Oh, oh Dean.
"Oh, oh, it doesn't seem like it was all that long ago
"I will hurt you," Dean promised again, hands shaking.
"I wish." Claire walked over to his bed and plopped onto it. "Rooms we don't use very much swap around. I was thinking we need to make a like, moveable map?"
“We ready?” Sam asked Rowena, who had a box of ingredients.
Night fell again, and Sam told James goodnight and ran along home.
Michael gestured behind them.
Donna sipped at her own mug thoughtfully. "She'll be twenty-four."
Now will he ever stop haunting
Gabriel tensed, like he was going to follow her, but Castiel pulled him back down.
Gabriel shrugged nonchalantly.
It was silent.
Sam finally pulled back to look at Dean's face. "Soccer? I haven't played soccer since we kicked the shit out of that ball you found."
There were hands resting gently on Castiel’s waist, and there was breath flowing softly across parted lips. Their eyes did not waver as Dean’s hands shakily moved to Castiel’s belt, unlatching it and pulling it slowly out of its loops. Castiel pushed Dean’s shirt off his shoulders, letting it fall to the ground behind them.
was not something Dean could ever truly believe he was, but sacrificing his mouth and tongue and throat to steal breathless gasps from angelic lips got him really damn close.
Rowena and Gabriel exchanged a terrified look.
Sam’s face contorted in pain. “I don’t know.”
“Uh-huh. Tell Mom’s belly I said hi, too.”
"Most certainly."
flows faster in outer space.” He regarded Dean thoughtfully. "Is this a ploy to get me to reveal how long we have been here?"
Mary hugged Sam tightly, reaching up because he was so, so tall. “You’re going to have a new sibling, and I hope that’s okay.”
And Sam was sobbing.
"Hey," she said.
"We will tie ourselves together
Both blinked in surprise and their eyes met.
"Because I need you," Castiel responded.
The next day, Sam thought James might like some snacks, so he went to the bakery and bought a bag of roasted pecans. The baker talked with him and even gave him his recipe for apple pie! So Sam took the recipe and the pecans and went to the tree again. He told James all about the baker and the shop and the recipe.
Sam grimaced. "I don't know if I should say."
Jack watched as Claire and Maggie fell asleep on the couch, smiling. They both deserved happiness, after all of this.
to tell me."
Crowley's eyes flitted to Sam, and there was something innocent in them that hadn't been there before. "Fergus, actually," he said, pulling away from Rowena, clearing his throat. "We should probably talk."
Gabriel nodded and snuggled his face into the crook of Sam's neck.
Cas’s shoulders relaxed. “Ah. I understand.” He held her out at arm’s length, looking at her. “You’ve grown so much since I first met you. I’m so proud of the woman you have become.”
Sam pouted for a second. "Huh. No one's in Hell." He turned back to Mary. "Then especially super double bad because he's
Rowena pulled her shoulders back and raised her chin. "Okay. We will get through this. Together." She sat down beside Sam, hand running through his hair gently. "Sam, talk to me?"
started up.
"You waited until he was gone to talk to me. You're afraid."
Dean guarded the record against his chest, gasping in mock shock. "Johnny Cash is gonna come back and haunt you." He paused. "On second thought, yes. Please do that."
With a quick glance around the room, Sam nodded at them. “Alright. We’ve got one shot at this, guys. I want you to know I love and appreciate all of you. Even if something happens and this doesn’t work…” He looked deep into their eyes, felt an emotion kicking around his ribs. “I want you all to know it was worth it. We’ve grown, some of us physically, some of us emotionally. And if I don’t get my brothers back today, I still have this family here. And that is more than enough.”
Dean laughed deep within his chest. “Angel of God, my ass.”
Gabriel said nothing, merely stared for a long time.
Sam stared at him. "What?"
The shower curtain was yellow, the tiles were green, and the light in Castiel’s eyes was a glorious, prodigal, blue.
“I don’t know how yet,” he began, holding Dean’s face in both hands, “but we will fix you. I promise that.” He made the mistake of looking into those green eyes, and they held him, wide and worried and trusting and very very close.
“Not when I had your arms to catch me.”
"What?! No!"
before it was finally too old to use anymore.
You shouldn’t have come
"Obviously," Sam responded, smiling in relief. "We barely got to talk last time."
didn't inform me I should be wearin' pants!"
"I didn't ask."
“Alright.”
“He will.” Dean cursed as another wave of pain washed over him. “Go! Now!”
Gabe frowned. “Look, you’re getting into Heaven even if I have to fight everyone all over again. Which I won’t have to. But— that’s a discussion for another time.” He waved his hand. “We just wanted to tell you that if you’ll have us, we’re yours.”
Mary watched Jack and Rowena as they worked together to copy each small painting large onto the wall. It was graceful, the way their arms moved. It was far more…
Claire had thought,
“Hell no,” Dean laughed. “Have fun with the human former king of Hell.”
his plan!” Michael screamed, pushing Dean away and failing. “I did what was
Title taken from "Ain't No Grave" by Johnny Cash
"I don't wanna spend another sleepless night
The hand yanked back. "I'm sorry—"
Bobby opened his mouth, like he was about to suggest they give up, when there was a noise.
where I'll be from from here on out
“To let her into your heart, then you can start…”
“Not sure.” Sam shouldered Dean. “Wanna take him with you?”
“The what?”
"I have lived
But it still changes.
I don't know. Many traits seen in humans can also be seen in any given subset of monsters. I think humans are usually classified negatively."
Gabriel closed the door behind him.
like a gently creeping vine"
Mary sighed, sitting down on the sheetless bed. “You wanna know what that night was like for me, Sam? Because I’ll tell you.”
Dean laughed loudly, wrapping his arms around Castiel’s perfect form. “And here I was, thinking I couldn’t fall in love with you all over again.”
I'm sorry I didn't post last week. Tbh I was just super stressed out. But! I just pounded back an apple sour and made a new chapter!
“No! I didn’t even think of it until Donna said something so really she inspired it and—” Charlie stopped herself and took a breath. “Sam. Remember when you read Dean’s memories? All those months ago?”
“Michael,” Dean said softly, setting him down and putting one hand on the hunched form.
Jack stepped in, "Like the universe was laid out like a game board. There wasn't… There wasn't a
Dean gave him a small smile, finally coughing a little. "I… yeah. I've got an idea," he whispered.
"Send me back! Look at this! Look around you! You've
Sam downed the rest of his cocoa and stood up, holding out a hand to Jack. “This is a good skill to have. May help you woo that special someone.” He shrugged. “If you want to, that is.”
"I had a good day today," Sam said, feeling his sins on the crests of his lips. "And after you all showed me the pool, I didn't— an entire party, and I didn't—" Sam shuddered, convulsed, like his body was trying to force his lungs out. "I didn't think about him once."
“The— the dodo. That’s the problem?”
Dean’s grin had mischief in it. “When you beat me up in that alley, was that one of the times?”
Dean laughed softly. “Are you going to keep repeating me?”
"Ooohhhh," Gabriel said, understanding dawning across his face. "You realized you loved—" Sam's lips were against his before he could finish his sentence, hands caressing his jaw.
“Also okay.”
I will try to find my place
much info in this that any more would've been overwhelming. Hence: a day early
“I will follow you from now on,” Dean promised anyway, legs tightening around waist. “I will follow you w-without hesitation.”
“Dada.”
“And I’m so-sorry,” Dean whispered, shoulders tense. “You shouldn’t h-have had to come after me. Why didn’t you— Why didn’t you just let me leave?”
Jody shrugged. “What can I say? I’m a violent sleeper.” She handed off the mug. “I talked to Sam just a bit ago.”
Charlie low-whistled. “I hope so. They’re not gonna have much time to paint.”
"We who?"
“I thought Dean would come back. Because he never told me goodbye.”
"Alas, dearest of canaries, I would — if only… oh dear." Maggie turned from him, addressing the forest itself. "If only she hadn't stolen mine heart as well!" She turned quickly back to Jack. "We fight for her. Here and now. We fight for her hand, and her—" Maggie gave Claire a wink, "aubergine."
of me!”
“What?”
Dean shook his head. “It is the only way I’m going to believe that you’re Sam. How long? C’mon. Even a close guess.”
“Hm?”
"And I am an angel of the L—" Castiel cut himself off. No, not the Lord. "I'm an angel," he said, decisively.
Claire paused. “I… I don’t know. That’s something we need to ask the others. But… Donna and Jody, for sure.”
You can’t leave me now.
And riding the dirt.
"Yeah yeah shut up."
"To the interrogation or—"
Gabe opened it again, leaning against the frame.
“You know the drill.”
"Doing what?"
“Sometimes.”
"It's in your actions. When you're happy, you'll cook dinner. When you're stressed, you'll clean. When you're sad, you'll work on your 'Dean Cave'. And when you're in love—" Castiel side-eyed Dean, "—you'll stand too close."
There was no answer, only an awkward cough behind him.
“The only
Wait for me!
"Yeah, ya know. When a show like,
"Yes?"
She could see him in the stars, at least.
“Yeah,” Dean responded, voice quivering. “Sam says hi.”
Dean snorted. “I can see right through you, Cas.”
She looked down, shaking her head and smiling. “I love you, too, Castiel.” She looped her arm through his and opened the door to the hall. “We’re headed to the map room. We spent all day decorating it, okay?”
Dean made chicken noises.
Dean stared straight ahead, eyes unseeing. "Sam's gonna die alone, ain't he?"
"I don't need you," Castiel repeated, feeling the weight of the words.
Sam hid his blush behind his smile. “I love y’all, too. Tell Mom and Bobby I said hi, okay?”
“The feeling is— mutual,” Cas managed, lips parted against Dean’s throat.
“You sound like a crazy person.”
He laughed loud enough that the shopkeeper glanced their way.
“I… Yes, yes I can hear you.”
And Sam looked at her, and looked at the ocean, and back at the tears, and back at the water.
Gabriel pitched a baseball to Jack, and Jack hit it far into the woods, as hard as he could.
came another voice, stepping out of the crowd of angels.
oh hey btw since we last checked in I have published a book which you can find
“You’re not a very subtle man, you know.”
"Found it by luck, really. I was telling Matt that I used to fight a lot, and being stuck in a house now made me snippy and restless. So he showed me this." They rounded a corner, and before them was a giant fighting ring. Charlie shot Claire a grin. "Up for a round or two? Shake some aggression out?"
Dean looked in terror at the table, the chairs, the void. “How?”
"If staring at you was the only requirement, I should think
Jack looked up. “I didn’t hear a door open.”
It dead-ass sounded like something rolling off the roof of the barn.
"Yes," Dean responded, unmoving. "What did I do wrong?"
Claire and Maggie watched detachedly as the older adults paced, until finally Claire touched Maggie's arm gently and left the room.
“Has anyone checked on Purgatory?”
“What are you
"Oblivion. It's a sort of... pocket dimension, I guess, that touches our own. You said that nothing gets into the box and nothing gets out. So, well..." Sam trailed off. "Welcome to nothing."
In the Impala, in their soft little bubble, Sam was at peace for a few moments.
“Woah, hey!” Sam said, surprised. “What’s going on?”
Castiel gulped.
"Considering that um,
Hold your hands upon my head
He raised an eyebrow and smirked. "You know I'm the best hunter in the land, Art. Wanna tag along?"
And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again"
“No, really. I’m sewing a second head hole into each of my shirts so we can wear them together.”
Dean pressed his hands hard against the metal under him, heart thudding.
"Do I even have to say it again?"
Maggie paused to kick off her shoes and socks. "This time of year?"
Everything I went through you were standing there by my side
that he said, softly, "Will you tell me about it?"
I have an image to keep!”
"Yeah, good call." Donna nodded to herself. "I think she'd like a picnic."
Dean's hands reached out to touch the box lid, eyes glancing around for any trace of a table for two. He found none.
And I would want to tell him who I was, why I was there, but my mission was sworn to secrecy. So I would smile back, and say, "I'm far more god than you."
But he knew it had to do with Sam.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel shrugged, pulling Dean's hands back to him. "When I was human for that short while, I was overwhelmed by all of the things you have to deal with. There was so much information that it became basically static. It gave me a much greater appreciation for all that humans deal with."
Claire gestured to herself. “Looks like you are, gramps.”
"Don't be fucking sorry," Gabriel groaned, running his hands over his face. "Things needed to change. But goddammit, this won't be fun to debate about up top."
“Another Ma’lak box.” Sam laid his torch aside. “That’s why I called you all here. I’ve been working on this all day and it’s almost done.”
Charlie was already dragging Gabriel over. “Fix him,” she commanded. “Do something!”
“Absolutely.” Charlie hit enter again, and Donna did the same. “Sometimes I get pent-up energy and I’ve gotta go do some sparring to get rid of it, but that’s about it. It’s… nice, not having to fight for your life constantly. I even have a girlfriend now.”
Gabriel held the envelope with shaking hands.
Sam nodded and held Charlie tighter.
Anyways!
Sam's jaw tensed as he looked anywhere but Charlie's face.
Dean reached out blindly, hand sliding against the side of Castiel's neck, entreating. "Please?" he asked again. He knew this game. He could play it well.
wh-what?”
“I was, yes,” Castiel said, mildly surprised. “Are you wanting to know what it was?”
He waited for a response.
And when Cas had asked if he had anything to say for himself, Dean hadn't been able to think past the cerulean swimming through the parts of his brain that hadn't already shut down.
"You don't need me," Dean whispered against his ear.
She coughed awkwardly. “Just realized what with everything happening… Um, Claire and I are getting married in three days. Nothing major just… you’re invited. Everyone’s invited. Bad timing, I know, but—”
“Yes.”
“You know,” Charlie began.
Castiel kissed his neck softly. “I could go for a movie. Which one?”
Charles’s head whipped around to look at the screen, heart thumping wildly. “Oh my gosh. That’s them!
You left me here with your old life and your kids and your
Cas kissed him gently, bottoming out and transferring all of himself to Dean, moans spilling out of two lips and into two others that swallowed the sound. His hand dropped to wrap around Dean, and it was like Dean’s world narrowed to just Castiel, and then exploded with the force of him.
"Wantin' to get out of this coffin with you is unreasonable?"
Dean felt he should’ve told him that long, long ago.
"What are they?"
"Mary who?"
It settled without a sound.
"That's a distinct possibility."
"She said it made sense to her, more sense than Heaven and Hell." Jack brushed the sigil he had drawn away. "Being able to die and think about your life until the universe made sense. Realize what good and evil you had done, and then get a second chance, if you wanted it."
Title taken from "There Is A Light That Never Goes Out" by The Smiths (extra super duper special shout-out to avengercastiel for recommending this song!!! It's so perfect!!!!)
He didn't even know he could still make those sounds. No angel had in thousands of years. It boiled its way out of him, until his mouth was open wide, spewing earthquakes and lightning and terror and sorrow so profound it needed a new name.
He was
Dean, for his part, tasted a lot less like whiskey and a lot more like sugar than Castiel had been expecting. Castiel drowned in the taste, in the feeling of being surrounded and wanted. “I love you,” tripped from his lips without him noticing, diving directly back into glorious mouth.
to see Donna and Maggie mixed up in this, what about Jody, huh? What about Claire? They're both badasses that we could really stand to have on our team."
“I’m— I mean, L— Lu—“ he couldn’t make his mouth say the word, couldn’t make his lips admit what they wanted.
“Is it a treehouse?”
Sam shook his head, smiling sadly. “I’m talking to the air,” he mumbled, laughing. “I’m insane.”
“Agreed,” Gabriel said, mirroring her.
“No pickles,” Jack said solemnly, earning himself a laugh and a light punch from Claire.
“How deep are we?”
In little ways
“Dean, I think,” Sam responded, grinning. “He’s a germaphobe.”
the nerd, too.
Donna jogged over to Rowena while Jody tried to help Sam up, laughing as she did.
Gabriel mushed his cheek against Jack’s head. “You know, I raised Castiel. I know him better than just about anyone. I’ll tell you his stories. I’ll stick up for you. I’ll teach you the things a nephilim should know.”
"Don't reply to this, either," Dean said, heart hammering as he brought their clasped hands to his mouth, lips soft against Castiel's knuckles.
freak out, in the only way I know how which is channeling my emotions into my dick so do me a favor and just
"Shut up and kiss me."
"I think we've slept enough for a few days, anyway."
"Fuck," Claire mumbled. "We wanna throw a surprise party for Sam."
“Then why did you leave?” she asked, voice a fault line, readying itself for an earthquake.
"WAIT—"
“Sam…”
I hope he's playing soccer right now. He loved it so much. I wonder if he still does. I never asked him. We never really got to just talk about normal fucking things once Dad died. It was always monster this and apocalypse that.
“You are, like,
(See the end of the chapter for
There was a soft knock on the wall by her door, and Maggie looked up.
“Smooth criminals?”
"What are you doing?" Cas asked, smile in his voice.
It is intrinsic to the universe. It ebbs and flows like water, not in any one direction but in all at once. It was likely here before any sort of extant life existed.”
Cas laughed quietly. “I have always loved you as well, Dean. I didn’t think that was up for debate.”
“Oh, they most certainly are. But I can promise you that none of them can get to us.”
"That's… a very big step for you, Dean. I know that won't be easy."
But it carried voices.
before. This is a dangerous plan and there's no need—"
Michael watched them curiously. “How impartial of you, Castiel, after everything she has done. I was certain you would side with Gabriel.”
Dean nodded.
"I'm real glad everything happened."
Cas’s head swam. “Marry you…”
“It’s okay if you cry,” Dean told him, and, immediately, Sam was sobbing.
"Jody."
I'm sorry I couldn't see you find yourself. I'm sorry I wasn't there when you turned fifty. I'm sorry I didn't get to tease you about your first white hair. I'm sorry I didn't get to teach you all of Mom's recipes. I'm sorry I didn't get to see any kids you had (or adopted, because I know you well). I'm sorry I put you through this. I'm sorry I left you. I'm sorry I didn't tell you I love you every single day. I'm sorry I didn't get to see the rest of your life, and I pray someday you will forgive me.
But Dean's hands had moved of their own accord, had cupped Castiel's cheeks, shaking.
Charlie looked around a moment before taking a deep breath and yelling, as rehearsed, “HURRY UP AND OPEN THE DAMNED BOX! DEAN AND CAS ARE IN THERE!”
Jack smiled wide at her. "Just you and me?"
in fake elf ears. I should have been
"It's called Ecstasy for a reason."
If she had been there that night, she would have seen Sam, head in his hands and ass in the sandy mud, sea water dripping from his hair. She would have seen him scream at the ocean, seen him fall apart, seen him try again and again to swim out, only to be forced to turn back.
He felt more than heard a shuffle beside him, a sort of ripple, a give and take of the very matter around him. "Wrong?" someone asked, surprise lacing their voice, as if they hadn't expected to be addressed at all.
“Always.”
"Do you not want me to call you that?"
Sam shuddered on his exhale. "I missed you, too, Dean."
Maggie waited a minute, then followed her.
Right. Future you told me you’d be a bit weird this time around.” Dean got out of his chair and crouched beside Sam. “Take your time, okay, Sammy?” he said softly, wrapping his arms around Sam.
“Hey, Sammy.”
"Come home, Bean. Please! I'll hide in my room and you'll never have to see me but just
Say it with me. Saaaaaaaam.”
Dean nodded to himself, squeezed his eyes shut. "So, those memories. How do we nab 'em?"
“Hey, that’s my line.”
"Something like that."
Dean choked out, smoke falling from his mouth like blood, like bile. “I
Michael grabbed Dean's wrist and tugged him close, furious eyes threatening to set him on fire. "I'm done playing nice. You're
Neither said anything. Neither really moved. They just laid there with their own thoughts, for hours.
Charlie frowned. “Yeah. Him, too.”
“My knee is still healing!”
I am yours and you are mine
Gabriel settled himself fully in Sam's lap, legs draped over the chair arm. "We gotta change that. Across the board."
“Figures. Does fate exist?”
Sam’s steps faltered.
I want a slow dance with you (x2)
His hands did the same.
Dean flinched, shoulders coming up to ears, nails digging into palms. "I can change," he begged quietly.
"About… about three thousand."
She grabbed his other hand, smiling. “Give me a few minutes and I can show you.”
And that this was goodbye.
"You didn't have to offer your hand
His skin was too dry, but that was a problem he couldn't help.
Dean slowly got up and sat in his chair, awaiting his return.
"Fine. Jesus Christ?"
"I understand that now. It helped me understand you, as well, and how your emotions claw their way out of you."
They gasped as they pulled away, Dean’s hands going to his head, Castiel’s going to his chest.
with you!” Dean shook him roughly.
"Thanks." She stretched her arms out and sat up in the tent. "Did ye sleep well?"
"Four parents."
“Different how?”
‘Oh, my love, there,
Sam thought of words, he thought of phrases and sentences and paragraphs and novels. He could talk forever, he was sure, on why he couldn’t talk. “I missed you,” he finally whispered.
"Silence or talking?" Gabriel asked, as blunt as he could manage.
The names I came up with were nonsense, but they made Gabriel laugh and smile, so I continued.
Charlie grabbed his face hard, squishing his cheeks with her palms.
YOU?!” Michael dropped just in time, slashing at Dean’s ankle.
There was something unnameable in Sam’s eyes. “I’d be honored,” he said softly.
Sam grabbed a drink out of Gabriel's hand, the straw still between Gabe's lips. "Another toast!" he yelled out, arm around Maggie. "To the future Winchesters!"
“Annoying you isn’t useful?” Sam asked, mock surprised.
“Then I am content.” He pressed his mouth to Sam’s cheek.
“Sam. What is this?”
Sam looked off to the side. He could see the void and the faint outline of the room his body was in. Like holding an image in front of one eye while the other looks at something else. “Jack called me Dad today,” Sam blurted unexpectedly.
Their connection was still strong. He could feel that Dean wasn't in any trouble. In fact, Dean felt more relaxed than he ever had been on his own before.
This. It was all of this that Jack couldn’t justify in his mind. Dean never had a choice. But Castiel…
okay?”
"It won't happen again."
Of course, I witnessed none of this.
"Hm?" Castiel mumbled, eyebrows drawn together.
“Hey Jude, refrain. Don’t carry the world upon your shoulders.”
There was messy hair and a beard, and a certain skittish demeanor. "That's… That's not the plan. That's
“Well, that’s not entirely true.” Castiel pressed his fingers between Dean’s. “I have these.”
And Cas couldn't bring himself to face them.
Dean's eyes searched the darkness. "So I'm waiting to ask how long we've been here, and if I wait long enough, then…" Dean gulped. "Oh."
Castiel said pointedly. "Time travels different for us."
Dean made a noise of appreciation. “Good pick, babe.”
"Castiel," Dean scolded, shoulders shaking with laughter.
"Sam I swear to fucking God if you-"
As Sam showered, he thought of Dean.
Jack opened his eyes blearily, staring up at her. "Hello," he said sleepily.
“I want Sam to love me more than that,” Jack whispered. “I don’t want Sam to think I’m better off with someone else. I wanted
Dean rolled his eyes fondly and pushed his face away. “Han Solo me again and see what happens,” he snarked.
Title taken from "Lullabies" by All Time Low
Dean hated him.
Castiel pressed his hands tightly against his own sides. "I'm sorry, I—"
"I think so. It sounds like hopefully we'll end with a voting body of some sort." Gabriel leaned his head back to stare at the high ceiling. "We're going to talk about opening Heaven."
"Sam."
Sam and Gabriel fronted most of the weight of the damned thing, carrying it through sand. Sam tried not to think about how it must have sunk like a stone.
Sam snored slightly and Dean smiled. He was sure he had done this exact thing countless times before.
"Angels are… fickle things. Very stubborn. But, they're still animals at heart, and they mourn. It seems to me that Castiel let out a mournin' call, and the angels picked it up. Jack felt it worse because he's a nephilim. It created feedback in him. His angel half screamed, his human half felt sorrow, so his angel half screamed again, and on and on." Rowena looked around the dusty halls. "It's actually a good thing Sam managed to calm him down. Jack could have torn himself into nothin' but molecules."
Sam sighed heavily and rested his head in his hands, hair falling slowly out of his bun. He was sure Dean would tease him about it. Maybe that’s why he wasn’t taking it down: to see if Dean would acknowledge it.
I know all the other boys are tough and smooth,
And suddenly Sam's shorter hair clicked into place. "Wait," Dean said slowly, "you're Past Sam."
There were yells and applause, and Claire picked Maggie up and spun her around. She leaned her head back and screamed, "WINCHESTEEEERRRSSSSS!!!" and Maggie let out a loud cheer in response.
Dean said, "I'd kill every monster on this earth were it to keep you safe."
Jody nodded, attaching a drill bit. “We were really good friends. I think there are other universes out there where we wound up together, but… life is life. I’ve got Donna, and I don’t regret any of it.”
Maybe she's the light, the light in my eyes
Anyways, that's where Gabriel and I would go. We would float lazily with the flow of creation, weaving in and out of the beautiful dust clouds.
“I wanna ask that, but different.”
Cas smiled softly. “Oh, that’s wonderful.”
“Yes?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam rolled his eyes. “No, you don’t.”
with you?" Dean gasped out, fake-offended. "Is that all I have to look forward to?"
Dean said.
Not a hand was raised.
maybe!” Maggie exclaimed, dancing away from the probably-cursed thing, laughing. She spotted a very gaudy hat and promptly stepped on a nearby shelf to dunk it onto Sam’s head. “Perfect!”
Cas, what the fuck!" he choked out through his hysterics.
And here was Sam’s best friend, his brother, his battlecry, his rock, his shield, his shelter.
Oklahoma.
before I can be a dad.”
Castiel shook his head and smiled softly. “No,” he assured Dean, resting his bare hand against Dean’s wet cheek.
Jack screamed, wishing he had more things to throw.
"Whatever," she rolled her eyes and grabbed the book. "When it sucks, expect me to call you at three in the morning. You don't get to sleep if it sucks."
Jody stopped in the hallway, staring down into her cooling coffee. "So," she began, "does that mean Dean is dead?"
He traced his fingers behind Castiel's ear.
Mary turned wide eyes to him. "What?"
"Where have you been? Why did you leave?" Sam was looking up at him with watery, round eyes.
"I know. Me, too. But we don't have long here. I just wanted to make sure you were still okay." Sam's lips twisted up in amusement. "Have you made a move on Cas yet?"
Michael squeezed his eyes shut. “Yes.”
"I got a rather worryin' voicemail from ye yesterday. I called back as soon as I could."
Dean shook his head, smiling. “If an angel and a demon fuck in the woods and no one’s around to see them, will anyone ever know?”
“Yes, yes.” He studied Castiel. “You have something to ask me, don’t you?”
Dean buried his hands in Castiel's hair. "So you think it was for the best? To let him move on?"
an elf. Or a fairy.”
"I know that talking about Sam-Michael upsets you but—"
Dean imagined Cas to be sulking.
The stars all have names
I tried… Please, you have to believe me when I say I tried to turn back. I flared my wings and began my ascent back to Heaven. I simply couldn’t do it. But then, in my head, there was Naomi, and there was Michael, and they
"I know."
Or stand here and spend them with me?"
Don't leave me here."
Gabriel fake-gagged. "Disgusting. I'm in." He raised an eyebrow. "Do you know what you want to do?"
Every mile, a memory"
Bobby shot him a Look.
“He wouldn’t.”
Sam frowned, but Dean couldn’t see it. “I won’t.”
"Oh!" Charlie tossed a shirt at her. "That, too!"
"Oh the sweet refrain
Chapter title taken from "The Diary of Jane" by Breaking Benjamin
Sam wiggled between Dean's arms, pushing his hands away from his face. "Bean," Sam said. "Are you gonna stay with me?"
She shrugged. "I suppose. I need to pick up some herbs, anyway."
It started raining.
“Wh— How many languages do you know?”
I'm worried about you. And Cas. But mostly you. I know he can hold his own, but you? I raised you, Sammy. I know you. And this might destroy you.
She couldn't hide her smile. "Maybe. It's already gotten rid of a few rooms." She met Gabriel's eyes. "That's what's so interestin' here. None of the rooms are gone. They're jest hidden from us."
"I wish I could understand you. I haven't seen you in… God, Cas… it's been years…" Sam's breath trembled. "I would've… you know I would've tried to… but this is why…"
“Jude-”
"Orion," she finally told him.
"Hey, honeybee?" Dean mumbled against Cas's chest a while later, eyes drooping closed.
Sam turned towards his voice. “Thank you, too. That meant worlds to me, Gabriel.”
for good, Sam. This isn't a bad thing. It's just a hurtful thing, and there's a difference.
“But love, what if we get caught?”
"So if I make the Bunker mad, it might just move my room somewhere far away?"
“Really, you need to make a roost for that thing,” Sam told him, stepping inside and flicking on the lights.
“I do.”
Anyways, Dad eventually ganked whatever the fuck it was, and we moved on. But the night before we left, I snuck back into the school and stole a soccer ball. Damn, we had that thing for
Dean dropped his own hand from the lid, falling back to brush gently against Castiel's stubble. "So who was right, all this time?"
"Then I'm not sure what you're asking."
"I was so strong in his presence
“Samantha.”
Don’t you see?” She laughed. “That’s still in there. In this noggin of yours.” She pulled his forehead against hers.
“I…” Sam sighed. “The more I visit you, the more stable your signature gets. We can lock onto it easier the more we try. But time isn’t… It’s not
Dean looked at the picture of Sam in his too-big soccer uniform. "Huh. I don't remember you playing soccer."
I can't even leave my bedroom so I keep pouring
know everything that's happened!" Sam pulled out his chair again, sitting down and facing Dean expectantly.
“He left you for dead.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Winchester. I don't—" Castiel cut himself off, eyes wide. "Oh. Oh no. Perhaps I shouldn't have—"
Jack looked down into his cocoa. "What was your birth father like?"
But he couldn't
"Oh, heck. Shego was my first real crush."
Jack frowned, free hand clenching tightly. “I don’t know.”
“Are you— Are you a lion?”
Jack ran after her, chest heaving. "What then, my sunrise, doth an aubergine hide from me? What be its foul and unsavory hidden life?" He lunged at her and she blocked with her branch.
“Aye.”
“Hey, babe?” Dean whispered against Castiel’s shoulder.
Dean was absolutely,
he asked gently, reaching for the other wing.
Claire looked at the warm stovetop, at Sam's face turned away from her, at the extended olive branch in the room.
Armed with a hatchet
Castiel followed Dean down the hall, to the left, past a few doors. "You seem to have a destination in mind," Cas mused.
"You motherfucker," Dean gasped out, trying to escape Sam's embrace.
I completed my mission.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You're DJ. You get to choose."
This was the Bunker.
"A bedtime story," Cas deadpanned.
“Just seeing if you squeaked, rubber ducky,” Dean teased quietly.
"Sammy?" he asked again, afraid for some reason to leave the table. Something bad had happened last time he got up. But he couldn't remember what it was.
"Really, Charles, I can do this myself," Sam complained, fidgeting on his barstool.
Oh, my love, here
Castiel leaned down to nip playfully at Dean's ear, smiling. “Once upon a time, when Olympus stood high above the earth, there was a war.”
Gabriel’s eyes were wide, pupils blown, face flushed. “Um, I— yeah. Yeah, okay.”
"Why?"
Dean’s eyes closed, his smile wavered. “Yeah? He doin’ okay?”
"Well, what happened?"
Sam was quiet. "I'm sorry."
Cas scooted over to the DVD player, pressing the button to open the slot while simultaneously opening the case.
Sam pulled back, eyes wild and happy. "Thank you," he whispered. He turned to Rowena. "Thank you both. I'm going to get everything set up." There were still tears on his face, but hope had given it a new expression.
Castiel pretended to wriggle out of Dean’s embrace. “I’m going to turn you in to the IRS now.”
Castiel stared at the familiar face before rolling his eyes. "You wouldn't do that."
She typed furiously, sending the code to every computer in the place. “We’ve gotta go find Sam!”
Gabriel shrugged, getting back into the swing of it. “I mean… Sam’s told me all about you and Cas.”
The blackness would hit me
“That’s because we didn’t,” Jody yelled over the noise. “But we almost did. We lived in the same town.”
And Castiel had never been able to hold out against the charms of Dean Winchester, so he followed suit, grasping at everything he could reach as his hips stuttered and finally stopped.
Jack smiled back. "I like it, too."
Castiel paused, gave Dean a chance to interrupt.
“Jack! Let me guess: Claire is covered in paint?”
“Almost,” she said. “But that’s not why I called you back.”
between them whole.
The next picture was Sam in the Impala.
"Just you and me, baby!" Claire pulled him up. "We never do stuff!"
“I’m not sure if I can explain it such that you would understand.”
They both stared wide-eyed at the TV for a moment before saying simultaneously, "I never went to prom."
Dean found his breath was entirely gone.
this kid comes home with grass stains on his ass.
“That’s Sam!”
“That’s uh…” Sam coughed awkwardly. “That’s the idea, yeah.”
Castiel couldn’t get over the way jeans felt against his hands, the coolness of the button, the jaggedness of the zipper. He pushed them off Dean’s hips, revealing softer clothes, which he also pushed off. He was not after the many feelings of fabric. He was after the feeling of warm skin, and everything he had seen it capable of.
And think of you
Dean knew those eyes, from somewhere far back, from Hell.
And Claire flopped back to look at the sky.
Claire went back to perusing the thrift shop, vaguely aware of things that shouldn't have been there. A busted TV. A river rock. A tawny brown feather. "Oh, hey," she said, eyes landing on a bookshelf. "I finished
in Dean’s appearance, he pretended not to.
Castiel flexed his wings, newly formed, black-feathered and iridescent.
“What—“
later. But not from you. From
Charlie’s thumbs-up was visible above the computer monitor. “We’re ready!”
“I want you to try.”
Sam sighed. "Right. It's not that I don't like them, I just don't need them
“If you’re gonna be around, I want
Jody was hard-pressed to get an “I do” out of either of them, as Castiel had pulled Dean close, and Dean had lifted him up, had pressed their foreheads together, then their lips. They voiced their affirmations between kisses and tears and smiles.
"It's strategic."
Sam made some gesture with his hand. “Yeah. Second visit.”
And waiting.
Sam laughed softly and picked up a rag to remove the inch of dust that had accumulated. “I wanted to talk to you.”
"Yes?" Castiel's voice rumbled through his ears.
"He says he's gonna save you," she told him.
Sam was driving as Claire slept, face smushed firmly against the passenger window, and it all made sense again.
Jack nodded. “Then I would like to learn.”
“Um, I’m sorry, what-”
When Castiel turned to look at Dean, Dean was staring back. "Castiel."
"LOOK AT MY FACE, YOU MOTHERFUCKER! YOU SEE THIS?! THIS IS YOU! THIS IS WHY HE CHOSE
Whatever, you're asleep anyways.
"You told me, last time, that I tell you everything that's already happened for me."
There was a poke in his side, and Sam jumped.
Raphael inclined her head. “Thank you. You are always welcome to voice your concerns.” She turned back to Naomi. “And you? Are you willing to stand beside us?”
"Well… the way I figure, there are two options. One: it's Michael, and I need to stop falling into his hands. Or two: it's Sam, and he's wasting his life away trying to save us."
"I promised myself that I would keep him warm, on the nights when he can't remember why he feels so cold."
“Sorry,” Sam whispered, throat tight.
Charlie paused her game to watch him for a few minutes.
“Oh, he’s doing alright. I think Dean talked some sense into him.”
Sam huffed and barrelled on. “Charlie and I found a way to talk to you, okay? It took a lot of research and digging, but we did it. Now we’re working on using this as a way to extract you. And, of course, Cas. But he’s easier. He’s just wavelengths. You’ve got the added problem of a body.”
Sam gave him a small smile that quickly melted away. “Truth is, I’m not okay. Sometimes I am, like on the camping trip we went on. But then sometimes I’m not. And everyone is worried about me, and everyone stopped their lives to take care of me, and I feel like I can’t let them down, ya know?”
The first step we took upon the Earth was remarkable.
"You tracked me?" Sam asked, voice breaking still.
“Five seconds.”
Castiel kissed him again, smirking against his lips. "And that is why I shall always win."
Sam winced, then took a deep breath. "Yeah. Yeah, I'm gonna let you all help."
Lips gave way to tongue, and it was closer to Heaven than Castiel had ever felt as an angel. They had started moving, though neither could say when, and Dean’s back was against a tree, and Castiel was pressed up against him, hands traveling down sides.
Fergus twirled his spoon towards the ceiling. "Feathers's damned screaming woke all of us up. I thought only Dean dying would cause that."
Dean put a hand to his temple. "I don't understand."
“Fuck,” Dean breathed as Cas bottomed out, mouth falling open and head hitting the tree behind him. His eyes were closed and his brow drawn up, world narrowed to just Castiel, just this being before him who had given everything for him, and now gave this.
"Sam, there was no other way."
“It’s just… neither of ya said it back.”
Dean shut his eyes. "Do you think Sam's happy?"
With tremulous thoughts, Dean finally named it, let it take shape. There was no denying it anymore.
Another.
"My name. Anything. Everything. Say it all again."
Gabriel sat on his other side, unsure but determined. "I'm here for you, too," Gabe told him, hand creeping into Sam's. "Always. You don't have to be afraid."
Claire turned surprised eyes to Maggie. "What?"
"Man I don't fucking know," Dean whined. "You got me all distracted with your lips 'n' shit."
"Sam—"
Castiel rose up and
Castiel tasted like forgiveness.
Claire let out a breath from somewhere deep in her lungs.
"When I sit alone
Gabriel would fly out of them and grin at me, his hair tousled and face flushed.
Dean rested his head on Castiel's shoulder, shoulders shaking silently.
Jack beamed at her. “Even better.”
"What do ye mean by that?"
There were various nods and hoots and hollers.
Michael shook his head. “I can feel him. He’s in much the same condition as you.”
"Are ye headin' to the lake?"
The air felt nostalgic as she ran beside Sam. It felt like all of their early jogs, jogs that sometimes ended in coffee in town and a stroll around the block. Jogs that reinforced their relationship. Jogs that reminded them they were not alone.
Jack threw his bat, but it shattered as it left his hands. The dust floated in the wind.
Mary gave him a crooked smile. “Who taught you to make beds that neat?”
Gabriel laughed nervously. "What? Why are you looking at me like that?"
"I'm not doing this because I think it'll work. And I'm not doing it for Castiel and Dean. I think they've made their choice. I'm doing it so you can finally let this rest."
I will always love you
Jody squeezed her eyes shut at the lull.
Dean gasped, coughing harshly as Sam’s hands left his hair, shaking madly as they did.
"I don't need to-"
"Maybe," Cas whispered against his skin.
Everyone chuckled slightly.
She smiled fondly and rolled her eyes, replacing herself with the pillow, leaving Jack holding onto it as she trodded out of the room silently.
"Heya! Looks like ya finally got in the hikin' spirit, eh?"
"Something's going on with you. Something bad."
Dean leaned in slowly and kissed him. Their lips met reverently, Dean committing every detail to memory, to heart. “You are every good thing in the world,” Dean whispered.
"BECAUSE IF HE—” Michael's voice dropped, and he desperately tried to yell again, "BECAUSE IF— if He... If he never tried to come back then I... I..."
Charlie looked up from her phone. “Trust me. You’ll know.”
“Castiel,” he began. “I uh, wrote my own. So.” Dean stared deep into Castiel’s eyes, like he had so many times before. This time, though, was so much different than every time before. “I told you once I fell in love with you in Purgatory.”
“Sam’s coming to get us soon! And
Sam sighed in relief. “Okay. Awesome, awesome. All three of us.”
up?” Dean tried to get back into his angry swing. Something was wrong. Something was off.
have some tricks up my sleeve, kid."
Claire gestured to the bedroom door, to the rest of the Bunker. "We've got plenty over that here. Besides… I don't necessarily think it's fair to call ourselves hunters anymore."
"I'm afraid I feel a bit guilty telling you," Sam admitted, head down.
Gabriel picked at a splinter in the wood.
He saw something so
"I kissed you like this."
Dean pushed Castiel against the side of the box roughly, hellfire in his eyes. “Don’t tell me what to fucking do!”
Sam took in a shaking breath. "It's… it's over, isn't it?" he finally whispered, eyes not moving from the ceiling.
"You… have?"
“Here,” Castiel said, taking Dean’s hand and touching it to the etching.
I'll be your friend
“Yeah. That was it.”
The blue turned back to him, mildly surprised. "I'd... love to."
Dean squinted. “Are you… Are you fucking with me?”
Sam talked to Castiel more as Dean exited the motel room and walked far away from the stairs, into a nearby cove of trees.
Castiel hid his grin in the darkness of the water. “You’re impossible,” he told Dean.
"Cas?" Dean asked, feeling out to find him deathly still.
“And yes, Castiel. I remember you.”
"There is no way you can be sure of that."
"I... I think Sam probably spends most of his free time looking for a way to save you. But I also believe he has found a life for himself."
That's the hardest bit for us, isn't it? We always think we can find that missing piece, do the thing, save the world. I want you to know it's not that way this time. This is it. This is the end of me. Please don't let it be the end of you.
Dean's shoulders were shaking with poorly-contained laughter. "Not that kinda fusing."
Charlie threw punches like she did everything else: fully and unashamed. She pulled back at the last second, but not enough that Claire got mad about it. Just enough to leave a small bruise instead of a large knot.
"Michael," Dean pleaded, voice soft with desperation. His knees hurt, everything
I can't take my eyes off of you"
Gabriel reached up and stretched his arms, wincing. “Too bad those aren’t made of plastic.” He almost followed up with, “But I guess that’s bad for the ocean, huh?” but thought better of it.
that looked like you? He begged me not to tell you, but I think it doesn’t really matter now. Plus, it’s my job as an annoying little brother. Brother-in-law?”
“Ye planned on campin’ all along. Yer jest a big softie, Sam.”
Dean absorbed the silence for a bit before chuckling softly. "You're not sleeping."
“Yes, but… It’s complicated, okay? I don’t even know how many times we’ve talked before this. It’s so jumpy and confusing. We’re making all
"Been lookin' for you," Sam told him in all the seriousness a kid could muster.
It took a long time for them to calm down enough to extract themselves, to wipe their faces and take the other in.
This would be his third birthday without Dean. He used to be able to count every birthday without him on a single hand. There were four in college, though maybe those shouldn’t count. Dean did call. He still heard from him.
