Steve watched them sluggishly, that familiar hollow feeling in the pit of his stomach urging him to remember that he had missed far more than the rise and fall of a few politicians during his long sleep. Somewhere along the way it seemed, the world at large had forgotten how beautiful their lives were. They had glazed over the little things in the name of success and turned away from one another in the name of self preservation. They moved on with their lives in a stream of overflowing schedules and deadlines and bills, and forgot while surviving that they were not living at all.
Instead he stood, breathing, a transplant in an unfamiliar world, while the natural order stared up at him from uncut grass and faded stone.
"Oh, just thought I'd stop in." Bruce shook Tony's hand like it was a piece of dead meat, his gaze traveling over the empty room appraisingly. His eyes lingered on the plastic sheets and broken glass, but he said nothing about it.
Steve laughed despite himself, and there was no humor there.  He couldn’t get a grip on how ruthlessly his heart was aching, how torn he felt. Balancing on an edge that was just waiting for the right push to crumble.  There was something raw and selfish in his heart, pushing him to accept the hand being held out to him like a lifeline in a storm because he
By the time he understood that it was hailing on the thin roof and rattling windows, his heart was racing and he'd shot halfway into an upright position. His body was quick to punish him for this knee-jerk reaction, and he cradled his ripped abdomen and tried to get a grip on his surroundings.
Steve remembered finding Clint sitting alone on the empty air deck of the S.H.I.E.L.D. hellicarrier. Selfishly, a small part of him wanted to turn away; find his own isolated corner to sit, to shield his eyes and nurse his aching heart. They'd lost so many men... too many men. He felt the desperate need to pull himself together before facing the rest of his team.
When the world stopped spinning around him—or at least, slowed down—he found himself staring up with blurred vision into the midnight sky of New York.
Steve's resolve to be truthful crumbled. He'd shaped his life around protecting the man who stood in front of him now, looking at him like the answer to the one question could make or break him.
Well... as long as they got the mess cleaned up in time for dinner. Otherwise, there would be a completely new argument to be had.
The soldier wondered again how Tony could read him so well... could provide everything he needed in an easy heartbeat without ever being asked.   Past all the bullshit and hesitation and straight down to the truth of it all.
A low, intense voice that sounded vaguely familiar was buzzing somewhere close to his ear, spewing words in a language he couldn't understand. Occasionally, a second voice would answer the first... quieter, deeper. Periods of silence punctuated the strange atmosphere; moments when even the deafening sounds of exploding mortars faded out completely, like when Tony had the news on but the sound off.
Steve shook his head, maybe a little too vigorously.  “Please don’t,” he choked out, and it came out carrying too much desperation and something close to fear.  His steel grip on the fabric of Tony’s shirt was making his fingers numb. He still didn’t let go.
Moments ticked by, Tony vibrating with tension; Steve frozen in fear. His heart was in his throat. He couldn't speak.
The super-soldier braced himself and crossed his arms, heaving upwards to fling the piece of furniture over his head to crash against the wall. The force of the hit still knocked him on his ass and sent him sliding backwards across the marble, all the way out onto the balcony. The wind was howling up the sloped glass surface of the tower, whipping at his hair and making it hard to hear.
That night, as they lay in bed, Tony watched Steve as the soldier's eyes moved rapidly behind his lids, sweat beading on his forehead as a nightmare dug it's talons into his mind.
The smoke that reached out for Tony flinched back, curling and billowing and fading slowly into white.  The soldier didn’t know what that meant.
Sitting beside the note on the bar was a slightly dusty, gift-wrapped package with a rumpled bow. The billionaire spent several long moments standing where he was, staring down at it. He wasn't sure why, but some niggling little worry inside him was convinced that it had more meaning than was immediately apparent.
A special thank you marie72, puskababy, ExsistentialCrisis713, and hiraethia for taking the time to comment.  I hope Part Two doesn't disappoint, and maybe I'm out here trading bits of my soul for validation from strangers on the internet but it still means a lot to me.  Like any author I crave that feedback from my readers so it's a special little high to get that review notification in my inbox.
Dumbstruck for a beat too long, Steve searched the other man’s face for a lie he knew he would never find.
He caught inchoerent snatches of light and sound as he was half-carried, half-dragged out to the deceptively plain-looking SUV that was the assassin's current form of transportation and deposited gently into the front seat.
"Come on," Clint was at his side, prying the golf club out of his hands and taking its place under Steve's heavy arm.
Tony had his back to the soldier, humming quietly to himself as he flipped eggs over the stove in Steve’s single crappy skillet. Plastic silverware, mismatched plates, and two steaming cups of coffee—one already close to empty—sat on the small bartop facing outwards in a haphazard attempt at a place setting.
"Rogers..." The archer began, one hand twisted in the opposite sleeve. His eyes darted towards Tony, and he seemed to re-think whatever he'd been about to say.
“Steve,” Tony’s voice was firm, a hard edge there the soldier had never heard before.  “I’m going to say this once, and I’m going to make it crystal clear. I’m sorry I never made you understand this while we were together, but I thought what we had... I thought it was what you needed. I was a coward, alright?  I was a goddamn coward.”
The world tilted around him in a rush of movement and two large hands were suddenly framing his face, holding him there, forcing him to look up.
Steve awkwardly cleaned abandoned clothing and paperwork off the two rickety stools pushed under the bar.  He wasn’t sure he’d ever actually used them before.
"You know what..." Tony stroked his chin thoughtfully, his fingers quickly returning to the keys, "parking garage, too."
"It's not your fault Tony," Steve finally managed to choke out, overwhelmed by what he was hearing, what he'd never dreamed the other man had done for him, "It was a warzone. They couldn't even get my transport out for six months..."
He couldn't fashion words. He couldn't string two thoughts together long enough to make a plan, to formulate a strategy to save their ship going down. His foundations were crumbling and his body was trying to shut down, and it was very displeased that he would not allow it do so. He had to stay here, and hold himself together long enough to make sure that Tony did the same. How to accomplish this was the more difficult task.
Tony wasn't an idiot. He knew Steve wanted more out of this; out of them. But Steve had always been a little (a lot) old-fashioned and who were they kidding? They were two extraordinary men in an ordinary, extremely hostile world, and if they could give each other a little comfort in darkened moments and passionate nights, then no-one had to be the wiser. But anything more complex? It was out of their league. It was dangerous and controversial and compromising and it just didn't fit.
"Barton," Tony greeted, if greeting it could be properly called. Steve could have chipped the ice off of his boyfriend's tone with a chisel if he'd had a mind to. "What do you want?"
Steve was already miles away in his mind. It was only a matter of time before he left physically, too.
Banner laughed at him, and damn but that was starting to get on his nerves. Tony tossed his empty bottle into the trash and slumped down the stairs.
The soldier faltered, fingers slipping on laces, but still couldn't meet the assassin's eyes. The words nearly undid him, nearly caused his weak resolve to crumble entirely. He'd never felt so low.
The soldier approached and sat quietly down next to the archer, glancing at the single broken arrowhead Clint was turning over and over in his hands. Their knees touched, warm through canvas and cloth. Steve crossed his arms tight over his chest and leaned back, letting the stillness and warmth act as a gentle balm to his raging headache and crashing adrenaline.
"Oh, come on," the billionaire insisted as he narrowly avoided rear-ending another car in the thick traffic. "It's witty."
"Tony..." Steve mumbled in the beginnings of protest, his heart physically aching for his lover. He didn't want to leave Tony like this, but exhaustion was pulling at the corners of his mind, and the new waves of pain from a doubtless-reopened wound urged him to give in to it.
And if the soldier overindulged once in a while after a particularly bad night or another clumsy fall that set off all the old injuries...  well. What difference did it really make? There was no level further down than rock bottom, and the soldier was already there. Nothing left to shoot for and miss. Nobody left to disappoint.  Nothing to leave behind when he finally faded into the darkness.
"We're not doing this, Tony." Steve's tone held resignation and carefully guarded sadness as he reached for the drink in the iron-clad hand. "Not tonight."
He saw it when Steve spent a beat too long studying a magazine advertisement, or frowned at the TV screen like the newscaster was speaking another language. Sometimes the soldier still hesitated when they stepped into the elevator, hoping Tony would be the first to press the button because he still wasn't sure how to work them.
Even while he was gasping for air like a fish out of water, Steve let his forehead thunk forward against the cool glass and tried his best not to get blood all over the vehicle. It was humiliating enough that he was subjecting Clint to his weakened state... he didn't need to be ruining the man's car, too. The soldier was going to need to do some serious apologizing when he regained the power of speech, he realized.
Tony was rambling again. Steve allowed his mind to wander. Specifically, to how he was going to get Tony to bed and this mess cleaned up before Pepper came in tomorrow and turned those knowing, slightly disapproving eyes on him. She never said it outright, but Steve was fairly certain that she didn't particularly approve of this. He couldn't blame her, honestly. He probably wouldn't have either if he were in her shoes.
Tony woke up face down in his own mattress. He must have shed the suit sometime in the night, because it was nowhere to be seen. His sheets were a twisted, rumpled mess, and his head had become home to a splitting headache that could have woken the dead with its incessant pounding, but otherwise the place looked spotless. He must have been out cold if the combination of Jarvis and the maids cleaning up hadn't woken him.
Tony returned that evening to an empty, eerily quiet apartment. Steve's cell phone sat, forgotten as usual, in its charging cradle on the shelf. Tony picked it up with a gentle smile. It was an expression that faltered when he saw the two missed calls from Clint Barton, and that was suddenly all it took to sour his mood completely.
Steve felt slightly sick. He resolved to send Clint a check for the damage he'd done to the car. He didn't remember much of what had happened last night (if it had really only been one day) but he did remember being soaked in his own blood, almost drowning in it.
"Was this me?" Tony finally made a vague gesturing motion to Steve, his tone too loaded with meaning. There was something dark and unfamiliar in his voice, like he was dreading the answer more than anything.
Tony took his time setting his glass down on the bar, and then advanced on Steve so suddenly that the super-soldier wound up falling backwards onto the couch. His muffled sound of surprise was muted by a mouth crashing into his, all sharp teeth and hot breath and unrestrained feeling. They had an on switch and an off switch, and nothing in-between.
"Banner?" Tony frowned groggily, running a hand through his messy hair and down over his face. "What the hell is he doing here?"
And maybe that was the real reason Steve had never called, never written, never found words to give a fitting eulogy to the future that had been ripped from him.  As if it wasn’t enough to lose pieces of himself, both physical and metaphorical, he’d lost
Tony answered by swiping another glass off the countertop, this one empty, and chucking it straight at Steve.
"It wasn't your fault," he found himself saying, the words spilling carelessly from his lips, tumbling end over end because he couldn't hold them in any longer; couldn't lie.
But today... Tony was really standing here.  In his tiny kitchen, close enough to touch, preparing some kind of culinarily masterpiece with a handful of eggs and spices because there really wasn’t anything he couldn’t do well. Steve was hoping the light of day might make it easier to understand this surreal situation, but as it turned out he was dead wrong.
Steve's jaw was hurting again, and he made a list of all the angry and hurtful things he wanted to say; building behind his tongue, scratching at his lips and begging for air. He locked them away and moved on.
"Bad?" Steve gasped, his body choosing that moment to make him aware of the fact that he'd recently fallen off of a skyscraper.
On the other hand, this was the exact same man Steve had fallen for under blinding lights in an empty banquet hall.  That was the same man here now, taking care of him. Choosing to stay in a situation where Steve certainly hadn’t made him feel welcome. If he was honest with himself, nothing about that should surprise him.
Not just Tony, but the full red-and-gold ensemble that the rest of the world both feared and loved. He was sure that Tony was in there, naturally—but finding a huge suit of armor pouring drinks at your wet bar isn't exactly the first thing you expect when you step into your suite.
Steve grinned around a mouthful of blood and reached with fumbling hands for the phone behind the desk.
He’d never dreamed those nights would end.  Young and oh so naive, he’d taken it all for granted.  They had been fireworks in the night sky.... Burning and brilliant and invincible.  Fleeting. Immortal.
"I know enough." Tony laughed, swirling the liquid in his cup and listening to the ice cubes clink together. "I know stocks are down, I know the Yankees are on a losing streak, and I know twenty-six theories of quantum physics your little back-in-the-day doctors never even dreamed existed."
"Anyway," Tony cleared his throat, seeking in vain for a way to dispel the mounting tension between them, "I may not be back for a while. Got any plans for the day?"
Tony leaned in, touched his forehead to the soldier’s in a shatteringly familiar gesture. It made Steve’s chest clench for an entirely different reason.
Stark's eyes slammed shut and he held up a finger, tension radiating from every limb. "Don't. Just, don't."
Tony stood in the doorway, looking startled and half-awake. His hair was tousled and his eyes tired.
The soldier had spent so long building his defenses, spent so long desperate to be strong enough to resist the man that was like an opiate in his veins. And yet the truth remained the same... Tony was
Tony didn’t give him the time to lose himself in his head again.  Without warning his lips were back, devouring his mouth. Saying so much without words. Steve groaned into him, losing himself.  If he’d had any doubts that Tony meant every word he said, the billionaire took them from him. From his lips, from his lungs, from his tired and aching heart.  Tony kissed him like a man who wanted nothing more in the world than what was right in front of him.
Tony shouldn’t be here.  Steve didn’t deserve this, hadn’t earned it.  He’d done nothing to be worthy of forgiveness or mercy or kindness.  Of eggs over-easy and coffee and toast.
Tony was here.  Or at least, he had been only hours before.  It was all too clear that the soldier was completely alone now.  Alone like he had always been.
He remembered catching Clint's eye, seeing the archer's face go pale with sudden understanding. The assassin lunged for Steve's hand, but he was a beat too late. Gloved fingers brushed, black on navy blue, and then slipped away.
"Well, it's always lovely to see the rest of the freak show." Tony grinned, stepping behind the bar. "Can I get you a drink?"
There was no arguing. Tony gently but firmly removed Steve's grip from his arm and tugged the soaking wet t-shirt up over the soldier's head. It joined the jacket, forgotten in a dismal mess on the floor. Steve was proud that he managed not to shiver as the cool air met damp, naked skin, but it reminded him all too keenly of the fact that nothing now stood between his mess of thick white bandages and Tony's line of sight.
Tony used his thrusters on Steve. This had never happened before, because despite their mutual brutality and aggression, neither of them had ever actually wanted to hurt the other. They avoided lethal tactics by unspoken agreement, and part of that was the thrusters on Tony's suit. Not because they were strictly dangerous, but because when they fought like this, Tony didn't hold back. And at full strength, those thrusters were deadly.
"So?" Tony lunged forward in what was probably meant to be an intimidating gesture; Steve automatically held out his arms to catch him if he toppled.
The moment didn’t last. Tony was turning on the balls of his feet to tip the warped skillet over Steve’s plate. He’d clearly made enough for them both, and as usual, served Steve an obvious lion’s share. For what appeared to be over-easy eggs with a side of buttered toast, the food smelled like a feast.
In a rush of speed and movement, the pair made it safely back to the transport, where Natasha was tossing the last body out the bay doors. Steve crumpled onto the deck, his legs made of jello, and tried not to heave as the vertigo slowly subsided. He pretended not to notice the way Clint looked at him, or the way that he hovered protectively for the rest of the mission.
“I know,” the soldier admitted, and the words cost him.  “I can’t lie to you. But the truth Tony... it’s ugly.”
“I missed you, Tony,” Steve finally said as he looked at him, his voice hollow and tired, “but I was never going to call you.”
The soldier wavered, and he’d been so sure he could set his jaw and push through all of this, through the humiliation and self-loathing, but not
He couldn't shake the feeling of nauseating unease.   Everything was wrong, displaced, out of order. Order was important.  Order kept him sane.
Jamming his crutches securely under his arms, he pulled himself slowly down the short hallway into the open air: the kitchen on his left, living room on his right. His apartment had never felt so small.
Steve tried not to sound as exasperated as he felt, while wondering if running through the familiar lines would ever produce a different result. Their script was getting stale, but the super-soldier could barely keep up with his lover when he got like this, all snide remarks and veiled jabs and illogical rants. Steve was a simple man of simple words, and Tony knew it. It was why they played these games. Because Tony needed to feel in control—powerful, like his suit—and this was the only way he knew how.
What are you going to do when you touch it? Clint had wanted to know. The light. Don't get burned, Steve.
He couldn’t have said how long they laid there intertwined, stretched across that old couch like a pair of lovestruck teenagers.  Tony smiling against Steve’s lips, the soldier floating in bliss and the ache of relief. The voices in his head were quiet, drowned out by the skin-on-skin contact, the roar of blood in his ears.
"No," Steve shook his head miserably, and that actually drew a smile from Tony, as humorless as it was.
If Steve could have seen the expression on his lover's face as the first quiet sound of distress broke through the soldier's lips, he would have understood everything.
"Finally," Tony grumbled, tightening his steel grip on the soldier's hand. Showing unusual tact, he said nothing more. Instead he reached out gently to smooth the stray strands of blond hair from Steve's sweaty forehead, breathing out his tension and stress I a long, heavy whoosh of air.
“Do you need me to get up,” Tony whispered into the space between them, and he was still breathless.
"Sorry about the clothes," Steve mumbled in place of a reply, feeling exhausted. "I'll have them cleaned and sent back."
"Bruce." Tony opened his arms in welcome as the doctor stepped off the elevator, "to what do I owe this pleasure?"
It took Steve months—far, far too long—to begin to suspect that this was his fault. He'd gotten as far as acknowledging the problem. Fixing it, on the other hand, was proving to be a bit more difficult.
"Something I can help you out with?" Tony tried again, "You here to talk me into something for Fury? Cause I gotta say, he really should have sent someone with more curves—"
Tony didn't bother scolding Steve for his misplaced apology, another sure sign that the billionaire was now in full emotional lock-down. Instead he slipped around behind the soldier and smoothly slid the jacket from his arms, not blinking as the rain-bogged garment left a dripping trail of dirty water on his plush carpet.
Tony saw what the soldier wanted, what he needed, and held it out on a silver platter for the taking.   The dream, the fantasy, the sacred, unspoken
"Sorry—" the soldier began dumbly, feeling strangely light-headed because this was all so wrong, all so out of proportion and it was going to hurt them, he knew it was going to hurt them. This was going to break Tony. It was going to cut him deeper than any weapon, and last longer than any poison. It would leave their relationship in tatters. They might never recover. It wasn't supposed to be like this, he was supposed to be able to fix this.
The ringing slowly fell away, and Steve felt his heartbeat skip and stutter as his lungs slowly remembered how to breathe.   It was so foolish that those eyes held such comfort for him, that even after all these years they could anchor him without fail.
Thank god for Clint. Thank god for someone who knew when to stay silent and stay strong. The soldier was fairly certain it was a skill Steve had personally abandoned about a year ago... about the time he'd moved in with Tony. It wasn't hard to pinpoint the event as the day things had started going downhill—just hard to admit it.
Tony woke late to an empty bed, and had shuffled groggily down the hall to the living area. He caught Steve standing there, just like that—a statue at the glass. His hair was brushed (and still so out of style) and he'd made it into a clean pair of jeans, but the edge of his white shirt was hitched up at the hem like he'd never completely finished pulling it on. He didn't move. Didn't breathe. His face was reflected in the glass, so Tony could see that his lips were parted just slightly, his blue eyes fixed unseeingly on the traffic below.
Steve traced the stone-carved letters with his eyes, continuing the ongoing mental conversation the two had shared for months now. His own words in Bucky's voice still made more sense, as illogical as it was. His old friend had always made sense.
It would be a lie to say that he wasn't worried. He'd never seen Tony like this and worse, he had no idea what was running through his boyfriend's mind. Tony was cryptic and complex at the best of times, and now he was a vault, his expression unreadable and his sentences carefully clipped.
Steve recoiled with a cry of pain as heat and light and force combined to blind him, and for a moment it was all he could think of and this wasn't real, because they didn't fight like this. They didn't try to hurt each other. It just happened.
Clint invited himself into the room, his gaze drifting instantly to Steve. The blond didn't miss the way the archer's eyes narrowed, traveling up and down the soldier's body assessingly before relief softened the lines around his eyes.
"Stay here, Steve." There was something so broken in Clint's voice, like he was just running through the motions of what he already knew to be a hopeless play.
Steve is a shell of himself after nearly a decade at war. He thought Tony would want nothing to do with him now, but he’s been wrong about these things before... (Warnings: Stony slash, AU, disability!fic, PTSD. One-Shot in three parts. No Powers.)
Tony defeated him easily, catching Steve's arm and slipping closer, into his space. Steve's hand came to rest on Tony's broad back, intent on pushing him away. He couldn't.
The living area was empty. The broken furniture had been hauled away, the rubble and glass swept up, and the mess generally compacted into the empty floors and conspicuous lack of furnishings. The hole in the wall had been neatly covered over in plastic, with a note on the mercifully intact bar to let him know contractors would be in at four to patch it up.
"Clint, let's not do this—" Steve bodily moved in-between his lover and his best friend, and this turned out to be a terribly unwise move.
It was also tough to limit myself to a three-parter, when this is a subject I could probably write about indefinitely without feeling satisfied.
"Clint." Steve cut his friend off, rallying enough strength to lift a heavy hand to clasp the archer's wrist. "I'm okay."
He waited until Steve took a hesitant bite of his meal before he nodded in satisfaction. He buzzed away, making quick work of the dishes.
"Idiot..." Clint swore as he pulled the soldier back out towards the kitchen and pushed him down to sit on a sturdy metal ammunition case. "What the hell are you doing on your feet?"
"I understand that I pulled you out of his building covered in blood and glass. I understand that Banner pumped four pints of blood back into your body before he was convinced you'd wake up again." Clint was angry—it was in his voice, quiet and cold. In the line of his shoulders and the color of his eyes.
By all accounts, Steve was gone. Not surprising, really. Most of their fights ended like this. They'd have another one in the morning—on a smaller scale as Tony bemoaned a hangover—or better yet, they'd pretend it had never happened.
“Sorry,” the soldier mumbled awkwardly, gripping the porcelain sink for balance and sanity. “I just—I dropped it—“ he gestured dumbly to the floor where his fallen crutch lay wedged between the tub and the counter.  He hated that he was too humiliated to even form a complete sentence.
Steve Rogers knelt silently in front of a simple stone marker, the kind no-one used nowadays because lavish monuments and intricate symbolism had driven them out of style. Moss and age had dulled the edges of the once-crisp engraving, but the name "James Buchanan Barnes" could still be read clearly. This name, with a date of birth and a date of death, were all that was necessary to mark the habitant of the plot as a war hero and a great man.
It might be nothing; a meaningless little token of good humor. But on the other hand, it might mean everything... change everything.
He wasn't sure who lunged first—Clint or Tony—but both men were angry enough to act on their impaired judgment before they realized that Steve stood between them. Somewhere in the ensuing tussle an unfortunately-placed elbow jabbed the soldier in the side with as much precision as if it had been an aimed shot, and that was the end of his attempt to hold himself together.
The eggs were delicious, and Steve all but inhaled them despite the generous serving size. He was still amazed by Tony’s effortless skill at... well, everything, including cooking.
"Talk to me," Tony was murmuring in his ear, his hand rubbing absently at the back of Steve's neck. His voice was thick with concern. "You with me, kid?"
Steve wanted to calm the archer down; allay the fears and suspicions that were undoubtedly building in his mind, but he found that he didn't actually have the energy to say anything more. And then the phone line clicked, and it wasn't hard to let the device slide out of his blood-slicked grip and bounce against the cradle. He didn't bother putting it back properly.
Steve tipped a nearly-empty bottle of Percocet onto the counter, hesitating before sliding most of the pills back into the bottle and stashing it back in the cupboard. He swallowed two tablets dry, punishing himself with the sour taste of powder on his tongue.
Lips parted, panting, Steve felt the words escape him.  Whatever remained of his self-preservation choked at him like a hand around his throat.
“You’re still 6’0 and a hair and I’m still taller than you, even if you don’t want to admit it. You still use your left hand when you eat, you fall asleep on your back and wake up on your right side. You still lock the door and check it twice.  Still can’t handle the cold, and I’m talking 68 degree cold.”
Clint and Steve had fallen together, like coins into a slot machine. There had been no defining moment or sudden revelation that cemented their friendship. They were both men whose lives were ruled by their occupations, and whose occupations were governed by skill, composure, and rationale. They worked together, even lived together in some cases. Fought together, and for the same things. It simply made sense.
Who did he think he was? How did Tony think he could act this way and then try this? A part of him was feeling more betrayed that his lover was going off-book, when their relationship didn't work that way, and he had never wanted to badly to swing. Not because Tony wanted him to (and he was sure he did) but this time, simply because Steve was so damn angry.
Tony missed nothing, his eyes flickering downwards to take in the change, and quickly upward again. It took him no time at all to understand that Steve was injured past a few ugly bruises and rain-drenched clothes.
An involuntary moan rumbled up out of Steve's chest, and the metal-clad hand on his neck tightened painfully. He tried to push away, planting his fists on the immovable chest in front of him, but whatever was in control of his boyfriend's mind would have none of it. Soon, Steve wasn't going to be able to breathe, and his mind cleared enough to let him know that was a problem.
He knew he should push him away... should keep this whole, perfect person away from his jagged edges and poisonous heart.  He couldn't bring himself to do it just yet.
There had always been something comforting about the steadfast belief that whatever uncertainties awaited him out there in the dust, Tony was a sure thing.  A home to come back to. A memory of what they’d had as much as a blind faith in memories yet to be made.
And so, they decided to give it a try. They wouldn't see anyone else, and they would make a shot at pulling whatever they could out of the rubble of their current relationship. Maybe, Tony shrugged, they could turn it into something worth looking at.
Tony must have noticed that his boyfriend was being oddly quiet because he paused whatever he was doing to glance over his shoulder. He seemed casual enough at first, but he caught sight of the soldier's bruised features and oddly defeated posture and quickly did a double take.
He was scared that one day, he would turn around and Steve would dissolve before his eyes. He would fade out of this reality and back into the one from which he'd been ripped. This would all be some cruel dream snatched from his grasp, and the ghost he'd fallen in love with against his will would simply melt back into the pages of time.
They barely exchanged another half-dozen words as Tony dressed and groomed. Jarvis eventually alerted him that Miss Potts was waiting in the lobby.
"No." Clint answered bluntly, and he didn't seem to have to think about it. "I wouldn't. Because never in a million years would I believe that you would hurt Tony, even unintentionally. You treat the guy with kid gloves. You think no-one notices?
It took weeks for that one to blow over. Weeks of avoidance and heavy silence and Steve waking up screaming in the night.
Without breaking stride with the eggs, Tony half-turned and shot him a brilliant grin over his shoulder. It was so easy it was unnerving.
It took a beat for everything to sink in as Steve's lethargic gaze slid from the glowing balcony twenty stories overhead and across, taking in the twisting metal and torn cloth of what had once been the awning of the adjoining building. It had stopped his fall, he realized, and probably saved his life. From there he could trace the path of destruction where he had cannonballed downwards through streetlamps and glass overhangs, street signs and broken tree branches. It looked for all the world like someone had dropped an aircraft down into the streets.
Steve frowned at the ceiling, trying to convince his lethargic brain to calculate the current time from that information.
"Thanks, Clint." He murmured quietly, joining the archer in watching the heavy rain trace paths of fractured light and color down the glass. "For everything."
Steve let his eyes flutter shut, concentrating on taking in shallow gulps of air as his chest heaved. He hated how much he needed to be away from Tony at that moment, while in the same breath his body relaxed into the billionaire's touch because it was everything he craved.
Steve looked up at the small black screen that announced their current floor. As he watched, the number on display changed from seventeen to eighteen.
Stark Tower stood highlighted against the skyline above, deceptively calm and peaceful in the clear night.
He couldn't resist hoping as memory flooded back in that maybe, his lover hadn't even noticed he was gone yet. If he had some time, he was sure he could get back and fix this... this mess. He wasn't sure what time it was; what day... But it couldn't have been long if he was still in this much pain.
The billionaire blinked at the spinning ceiling when his vision cleared, hot pain radiating out from his chin. He was flat on his back on the marble tile, he realized. He wasn't sure when that had happened. He breathed out, touching his chin gingerly. It took a moment for his eyes to slide up to Bruce, who stood where he had left him by the elevator, rubbing his right hand.
"You walked all this way," the assassin remarked incredulously, shaking his head as he squinted up at the waning sun. "I was really hoping you'd come to your senses and turn around before you got here."
Clint nodded, hands clasped in front of him as he leaned forward on his knees. "Care to explain the burns, then?"
Steve hauled himself out from beneath the rubble that had once been the glass patio doors and part of the exterior wall, shaking his head and wiping dust from his eyes.
He'd thrown two off the plane, careening out the cargo door and spinning off into the foggy night before the others had even had time to react. One had responded with a spray of bullets from a gun that handled him better than he handled it, and the other went straight for the attack.
He swung back, his momentum leaving a fist-sized dent in the concrete because Tony wasn't stupid, and he knew how this was going to play out just as well as Steve did: maybe better. They traded blows; deflections and blocks, all so expected and sure it made him sick. Occasionally one of them would connect with the full force of their respective weapons—Steve his raw strength, Tony his suit—and one of them would go flying. They'd torn Tony's loft apart, just like this, more times than they could count. Some things never changed.
He'd come home to find Steve a trembling wreck, drenched in sweat, his eyes glassy and unseeing because he was trapped; always trapped. Bodies everywhere; he couldn't move. The ice was his prison. He couldn't even scream.
"I'm sorry," the soldier mumbled without knowing exactly what he was apologizing for. He gingerly began to remove the jacket, his heartbeat quickening.
Thick black smoke billowed out of Steve’s lungs and reached for Tony, ready to suck him in and consume him like it had every other part of his life.  Terror rippled through the soldier’s chest.
He had to quell the flash of resentment that churned up in his gut, because Tony was always on his case about having preternatural strength, but this wasn't the first time they'd had to replace a wall because of Tony's reckless temper. It was always Tony who started the physical violence, and yet Steve always felt that he wasn't allowed to retaliate, because Tony never missed a chance to point out the advantage his natural abilities gave him. This was never going to work out unless they saw one another as equals.
The soldier groaned, screwing his eyes shut. He reached out blindly and closed the door, knowing it was still only a flimsy barrier between his crumbling defenses and the battle he’d have to fight sooner than later.
If the billionaire hadn’t already had Steve’s full attention, he sure as hell would have had it now.  Tony rarely cursed. And he
Steve realized he had been staring into space for an indeterminate amount of time. He dragged himself back to the moment with difficulty, his clouded mind dancing between the past and present; between what wasn’t real and what was right in front of him, calling him
Eventually, one of the deck agents came hunting for Clint, and Steve had retreated to the quarters he was sharing with Tony. The billionaire was grieving too—looking for validation at the bottom of a bottle and wailing his anger and hurt out at anyone who came within hearing distance. The rest of the team was giving him a wide berth, unsurprisingly, but Steve didn't have that luxury.
Tony held him. Steve was sober enough this time to feel it. To truly remember that it was everything the soldier had needed and feared. He was almost dizzy with the relief of being back in Tony’s arms.  Back in the only place he’d ever felt like himself, like someone who belonged.
"Steve?" The sleep-fogged voice was quick to disappear, and the super-soldier could practically hear the assassin checking the phone's caller ID. Steve had never quite grasped the magic of it, but nowadays people seemed to have ways of knowing exactly who was calling and usually, where from. All Steve knew was that when Tony called him on the tiny, easily-misplaced little electronic device he'd insisted he carry, a little picture of him popped up. That was about as far as Steve had gotten with translating the thing's mysteries.
"Dammit Tony, I don't want to fight you!" Steve's restraint snapped like a fraying thread, fists clenching. "Not because you're human, but because you're you."
"You're not immortal, Steve." Clint's face was shrouded in the darkness, shadows hiding his eyes. "You can be hurt."
"I'll wait in here." Clint read the soldier's mind without trying, wordlessly offering to give the two lovers their space, though from the look on his face it was the last thing he wanted to do at the moment.
The too-tight grip Tony had on Steve’s face relaxed slightly, and the brunette caressed the pale cheek under his fingers almost tenderly.
When blurry, ringing alertness faded back in—and when had he blacked out, again?—it was to a familiar face close to his own, shaking him hard.
The suit turned, leveling featureless white eyes at him. Steve wasn't sure he would ever get used to that.
It would have been a lie to call what they had any less than dysfunctional. There was very little healthy about it, in fact. It happened because Tony didn't have to worry about hurting Steve, and Steve didn't have to be perfect for Tony (so Tony said). But Tony's tongue was as sharp as steel, and Steve was strong but sometimes things didn't bounce off like people thought they did.
Maybe it was pity, some need for charity or closure, that had pulled Tony back to him after so long.  Maybe morbid curiosity. All the soldier knew was in that moment, he could briefly dream that it would last forever. For a sweet, infinite heartbeat he could lose himself in an illusion, and it was so achingly, beautifully comforting that he couldn’t resist it.
"I can see that," said the doctor quietly, eyes darting, drinking in everything that wasn't there. He finally turned dark eyes to Tony, that ever-present half-smile giving the billionaire the impression that the doctor had a secret to which he wasn't privy. "Didn't like the color scheme?"
"I know we aren't the most functional people in the world..." A smile that was almost real ghosted over Clint's face. "But we're all we've got. If we can't treat each other right... well, nobody else is going to."
"You're inclined to get drunk," Steve retorted with what was, to his mind, the irrefutable logic that should have ended the conversation. There was no point in trying to have any kind of peaceful interaction with the other man when he was in this state. But old habits were hard to break.
Steve laughed aloud. He couldn't help it. The sound was torn from him, sparked by the ridiculousness of the whole situation.
Sighing quietly, Steve swiped the rain out of his eyes for the umpteenth time and practiced standing upright without support. He swayed a little, but the biting chill of the rain and wind was actually working with him for the moment, dulling his body's overall ache and focusing the worst of his distress into a pulsating brand just beneath his ribs on the left side. He could deal with this, he knew. He'd dealt with worse.
"You, uh... you'd better get that," Steve nodded, smiling wryly as he was reminded of Clint's over-protective presence. He could only imagine what conclusions the archer would jump to if he wasn't able to reach Steve right away.
Clint was silent for a moment, but eventually pulled up another crate next to the sink to sit beside his friend. "How are you feeling?" He asked eventually, his voice gentler now.
Bruce looked at him. There was no animosity there, or blame or hostility of any kind... simply the amused, slightly condescending glance of a man who knew infinitely more than his student.
"Can't I stop in to say hello, Tony?" Bruce spread his hands, but it was that stupid half-smile, both knowing and pitying, that got under the billionaire's skin.
“Oh, good. Don’t worry about it,” Tony was bending deftly, picking up the hated aluminum with an ease Steve hated and admired, “just glad you’re okay.  You definitely made me jump there, kid.”
Unfortunately, his boyfriend's silence did not fool Tony. The brunette approached carefully, eyes narrowing as he took in the fading bruises, the unfamiliar clothes. He stood in front of the soldier for what seemed like an eternity, just studying him, as if he already knew Steve was hiding something more.
A funny, queasy feeling grabbed hard at Steve's gut as he wondered what might happen if Tony realized that he was wearing Clint's clothes. Though honestly, that really should have been the least of his concerns at the moment.
Tony pulled Steve into his arms and held him. He pretended that he did it because he was cold. It wasn't concern or fear or tenderness, he told himself. He pretended it wasn't love.
He didn't bother pointing out that he would indeed love to call a cab, but his wallet was sitting in an old duffel bag on Tony's marble floor and all the money he carried was inside.
“I’m right here kid,” a fuzzy voice was echoing from far away. “Do you hear me?  I’m right here. I’m not going anywhere.”
"You don't." The assassin's words cut through Steve's like steel, leaving no room for argument or elaboration. He refused to turn around again and face the super-soldier, but Steve could read the anger in the line of his shoulders, rolling off of him in palpable waves.
A sharp laugh turned into a dry sob, and Tony settled down into his destroyed love seat and let his eyes slide shut. It was just as well, he supposed.
"Too deep, Steve..." He muttered tiredly to himself, running a hand through his rumpled blond hair, wincing as he inadvertently pulled at a cut above his eyebrow.
Two patches of warmth interrupted the cold: one on his upper arm, hot and tight like a brand being pressed to his skin. The other on his left side, piercing through muscle and tissue to tickle at his internal organs, sparking pain and memory with it.
"I know," Clint looked disappointed, but resigned. "I'm not here to stop you. Just to keep an eye on you. I may not like this, but no way in hell am I letting you go in there alone."
Steve wasn't sure when his body betrayed him, but at some point his eyes had closed. Confusion, hurt, and worry plagued his mind as he slipped soundlessly back into darkness.
Working his jaw, he glared across the room at Steve's forgotten cell phone. Not that his boyfriend ever answered it even when he had it on him, but at that particular moment, Tony would have killed to be able to call him.
Tony followed her to the register and paid for the DVD's while Pepper stepped outside to take a call. At least he could give himself an "A" for effort, he congratulated himself inwardly. He even had the cashier gift-wrap the box in an obnoxious white and blue polka dot print that looked slightly retro if you squinted at it. Steve would appreciate that, he hoped.
Steve had never admitted it because it was cheesy as all hell, but that first kiss had truly changed his life.  He'd never felt anything like it. Chemistry and tension and
He was on his feet, Tony seemed sober, and Clint had not yet come storming through the doors with a blade drawn despite his promise to refrain from doing just that. So far, so good.
And Tony didn't ask for permission when he shoved Steve against the cool metal walls of an industrial cooler, hidden by shelves and shadows.  The billionaire had one hand behind his head, guarding his skull from hitting the hard surface, and the other wrapped in the soldier's tie.
Plying all of his considerable strength, Steve struck a heavy downward blow to Tony's arms, and it damn well nearly ripped the super-soldier's skull off but at least it broke the iron hold. He staggered back, grateful for the air, and Tony looked at him oddly.
"What he said." Bruce nodded his head towards Hawkeye, raising one arm to wipe his forehead with the back of his wrist. His hands were covered in blood. "Wasn't looking so good there for a bit, Cap."
He couldn’t have said with confidence how much time passed.  He only knew that at some point his brain told him to move and he obeyed.
Tony grinned, and looked almost relieved.  Maybe Steve’s half-hearted attempt at humor was enough to fool him, enough to keep him from looking too deeply through the cracks.
Steve shrugged Clint off and stood. He pretended not to need the steadying hand that quickly returned to support him, holding him upright and giving him space at the same time. In that moment, he cursed himself for all that he was putting Clint through. The archer didn't deserve this.
Tony sat—more like sprawled, really—across the only piece of furniture that remained intact in the suite. It was a leather love seat that now sagged in the middle. It had creaked alarmingly and made a loud snapping noise when he'd plopped down onto it, but he was so far past caring that the sound had simply been amusing.
Steve released a shaky breath and pulled on his left boot. By the time he had finished lacing them both up, the simple task of leaning over was putting enough strain on his damaged side to leave him covered in sweat and feeling dizzy.
Shortly after the incident with the Shitari, they'd been called back together. That second mission had been... ugly.
"Gone... Gone, gone." Tony sing-songed to the empty room, his armor-clad hand directing an inaudible symphony in the settling dust. "Steve... you're always gone."
And so it was that when Steve drove 'home', it was to a forty story tower that could be seen from all corners of the city, and not the white picket fence and golden retriever he'd envisioned for himself in his youth.
Steve knew Tony. Inside and out. He knew that once the man made his mind up, he would move heaven and hell to make it happen. The soldier saw that same determination, that same blind, inspiring conviction in the billionaire’s eyes now.
The super-soldier's vision was swimming by now, palms sweaty and heartbeat pounding in his ears. He managed to keep his reaction under control until the moment the other man's fingers slipped under the hem of his borrowed shirt, warm skin on cold.
"I haven't... n't been home in years..." Steve stared through half-lidded eyes at the wall, thinking of a tiny white house in Brooklyn with peeling paint and sagging eaves. He didn't realize how that had sounded until after he'd said it.
"Pepper says I wear it to feel powerful." One red-armored shoulder shrugged with a mechanical sound. "Thought I would test the theory."
He thanked her, his voice heavy with sarcasm, and tucked them into his jacket as they returned to the car.
With a jolt of panic, Steve realized he was dangerously close to hyperventilating.  He struggled to calm the jagged breaths he was sucking in too fast, his chest refusing to expand.
Tony pretended to be busy in the kitchen just long enough to watch Steve limp—and he hid it well—out of sight.
At least that was one perk he could look forward to out of all this: he was exhausted enough that he wasn't likely to dream, a trick he'd learned on week-long missions with the Avengers. Stay tired, pass out, wake early. Rinse and repeat. Keep the mind racing to catch up with the body. It had worked so far and with any luck it would work tonight.
They'd traded blows; bone-crushing, no-holds-barred hits landing left and right as they danced around the chaos that was the two assassins and the black ops team locked in battle around them, turning the small space into a warzone.
But sometimes Tony forgot, maybe on purpose, that the great Captain America was not invincible. He was not unbreakable, and Steve knew the day would come when Tony was going to test that theory, willingly or not. He'd been dreading it for the whirl-storm of emotion and insanity that had been the last year, and he was determined that when the day came, it wouldn't break them. He wouldn't let it break them.
"Eh, suit yourself. I guess it is a little early." Tony shrugged. He watched Bruce take in the room, as if searching for something. "You'll have to forgive the mess, I'm afraid. Going through a bit of a remodel."
They’d taken to each other in a way that danced the fine line between obsession and love—a word they didn’t speak. They never needed to. When they were together, in those stolen moments sweet and infinite, they were the only planets in each other’s universe. Nothing and no one else mattered. Caught up in each other’s gravity, they exploded like stars and basked in the fall.
"I don't know," Clint's tone still held that uncharacteristic gentleness, a sound that would have been more unnerving to the solider if he'd been fully aware of his surroundings.
Bruce was saying something from across the room, wiping his hands on a dishrag. He approached carefully, picking his way around stacks of boxes and piles of magazines. He pried the soldier's eyelid open and gave a him a critical once over, and then tossed a few quiet sentences at the assassin who still sat by Steve's head.
"Dammit, Steve!" The archer hissed, "you came inches—moments from..." The archer's voice cut off, and he swallowed hard, seeming to need a moment to compose himself. "If I had been a few minutes later—if you hadn't called me; if I hadn't answered my phone—"
Steve showered robotically, changing into the neatly-folded clothes he had long ago learned to keep in the bathroom cupboards instead of in his own closet. Anything to minimize footwork. The lukewarm water helped to clear his head, and by the time he finished combing his tousled hair and brushing his teeth he felt moderately more composed.
The soldier clutched at the jagged, bleeding edges of himself and pulled them together tight like torn flesh.
Steve levered himself to his feet, battling a sudden bout of lightheadedness at the change of position. It wasn’t uncommon for his body to rebel after he dumped a particularly strong cocktail of chemicals down his throat, and today wasn’t an exception. He powered through it, reaching through blurry vision for the unused hair gel on the shelf above the toilet. The feeling of slicking his hair back—a ritual he’d once performed daily with military precision—now felt unfamiliar and alien.
"Well, he's with me," Tony sounded properly irritated by both Clint's presence and the clear implication of his words. "So if he's dead, we're both dead."
"In the morning," the billionaire revised firmly, sensing the soldier's need for blissful oblivion, "get some rest. I'll be here when you wake up."
"Steve." Clint was pulling on his jacket; the soldier could hear it. "I'm coming to get you. Are you safe?"
When his boyfriend didn't answer after a few minutes, the billionaire sluggishly pulled his head up to look around the apartment for him.
Sitting up far enough to reach his crutches was an awkward endeavor, but eventually Steve was able to land both rubber-capped pegs on the carpet and begin the arduous process of standing for the first time in hours.
The cold—all he really remembered from his first brief stint of consciousness the night before—was now back with a vengeance, seeping into flesh and bone and sapping his strength and resolve. As much as he hated the idea of needing any time to recuperate, he was fairly certain that a few days spent in bed would cure everything this time. How to pull off that kind of retreat without arousing Tony's suspicion was the truly challenging piece of this puzzle.
"Well, I guess... what did happen, Steve?" There was that all-too-familiar undercurrent of bitterness hiding in Clint's voice, but it was clear that he was also making a real effort to understand. To be supportive and withhold his judgment, for what that was worth. The olive branch was clear.
It was the same reason he’d been in hiding, crawling home in shame on a returning troop transport, lacking all fanfare. Why his Purple Heart still sat in a cardboard box by the couch collecting dust. Why every gilded invitation from the Brooklyn Veteran’s Award’s Committee, the same dinner where he’d met Tony all those years ago, now found itself in the trash bin unopened.
"Tony, stop..." The gasped words were garbled against that searching mouth,which may have been a mistake because it made the other man moan back and press both hands hard into Steve's neck, almost crushing him. He could feel the bones grinding together, creaking under the unbelievable pressure. The sounds were lost in the wind.
And yet the soldier sat there, frozen, staring at the thinning bathroom rug still moist from the shower. Unmoving. He didn’t even know why.  He could feel a droplet of water running lazily down the side of his neck, but didn’t have the energy to wipe it away.
As the door shut behind Bruce, Clint was saying something reassuring to Steve, a warm hand on his cold forehead. The soldier couldn't make out a word of it, but he allowed himself to remember that here, for now, he was safe. He shivered in the aching cold, and turned his forehead into that soothing warmth.
"Sorry." Clint gave a strained smile, and Steve noticed how hard the archer was gripping his arm. "Good to see those baby blues again, my friend."
, urgently whispering that he might not survive without it.  The fighter in him railed, the stubborn spirit that even wounded and dying just wanted so badly to latch onto anything it could find to keep going.  To keep struggling.
Steve lowered himself to a seat on the edge of the toilet to pull a sock onto his left foot, and found that he felt almost ready to face the day again.  His shattered nerves had calmed under the combination of warm water, breathing exercises and too-strong opioids.
Looking tired, Clint pretended to throw an appraising look around his apartment, small and filled from floor to ceiling with industrial shelving and metal weaponry cases. Though jammed to overflowing with gear and personal affects, it couldn't really be called messy. It was simply Clint.
"How's the bike?" Tony looked Steve right in the eye when he said it, and the super-soldier wavered. Tony was giving him the chance to call his own bluff.
The sound was off. It was what first tipped him off to the shifting shades of reality buzzing in the gray space around his consciousness. After so many years, it was a feeling he readily recognized... because it felt familiar. He'd spent more time in pseudo-awareness, trapped in his own mind, than he had awake. Years could pass this way, he knew. He'd missed too much already.
The sheer, brutal honesty of the words drained him. Steve's shoulders slumped. The admission was the tip of the iceberg, but still so much more than he'd ever meant to reveal.
Steve thought of the extravagant stainless-steel kitchen in Tony’s loft in Soho.  Of coming back from a long run in the early morning dew and crisp air. Of Guns N’ Roses turned up too loud and blasting through the speakers while Tony made more French toast and bacon than either of them could possibly eat.  He thought of getting distracted halfway through breakfast and letting Tony drag him back to bed.
He couldn't hear himself cry out, but he felt the sudden rumble exploding up out of his chest, ripped from him by forces outside his control as his body connected with metal and stone. He was falling, sliding, colliding with everything in his path. It seemed to last forever.
Hawkeye said something in rapid Russian. He sounded relieved, but beyond that, no sense could be made of the phrase.
Alarmingly sober and unflinchingly present, Steve felt it all and it was everything he needed.  It was a first taste of water after a grueling ruck. It was his two strong feet landing on an American tarmac after an exhausting deployment, armed with that unwavering knowledge that Tony was only a short drive away from him after too long.
Steve pretended to miss the near-horror that slowly dawned over his lover's features, because he wasn't exactly ready to deal with the billionaire's reaction, and he really should have thought this through a bit.
The rain had slowed now to an odd misting patter, allowing the dark clouds overhead to part, the odd ray of sunlight breaking through to grace the city with its final hour of light. Even as dizzy and disoriented as he was after his surprisingly difficult trip, Steve found himself grateful for the picturesque beauty the light lent to his surroundings. If he'd stopped to think about it, he supposed some sentimental part of his old soul wanted to relate the breaking rays of light to he and Tony-to the conversation that lay ahead, which he had tried so hard not to think about and which consequentially had been the only think that possessed his thoughts.
"Now you don't want me?" The billionaire tilted his head, voice quiet. Steve heard it clearly, an eerie overtone in moaning wind.
"Let's get you into something dry," The billionaire spoke quietly, words so soft that Steve had to strain to hear them.
Tony laughed, and there were few sounds that got under the soldier's skin quicker. Because Tony was laughing at him; Tony thought he was stupid or naïve or idealistic or one of the hundred other condescending things the billionaire saw in his lover.
Steve didn’t bother resisting, didn’t bother voicing the million questions and doubts spinning in his mind.
"G'night, Buck." The captain mumbled downwards, his voice caught up in the tugging wind. He zipped up his jacket and turned away.
In spite of all that , he knew he was lying to himself the first time he consciously lied to his doctor... when he told him he was taking the recommended dosage at the recommended times and managing his pain adequately, and no, not drinking at all. It was a downhill slide from there.
"Look, I don't know how to say this," Clint tried for brutal honesty, "or how to put it in a way that isn't going to ruffle your feathers or put you on the defense. You know I'm not much for words."
"I'm sorry Tony..." The soldier choked out at last, the words spilling out against his will.  The same words he had repeated like a prayer to the dust-clouded air, gasped through broken lips while he felt his own blood pool slowly around him.
Four short, endlessly distant years ago, waking up half-dressed in each other’s beds had been full of smiles and laughter and obscene implications. Now, Steve couldn’t believe the brunette could even look at him, let alone touch him. The soldier was broken, incomplete, disgusting. He was nothing short of repulsive.
Clint scoffed. "How about you 'stretch' when your intestines aren't falling out through your ribs, huh? Christ, Rogers."
Steve had his sights set on making it to the bathroom, but the smell of coffee that came wafting down the dark hallway stopped him in his tracks.
Bruce was waving him off dismissively again, smiling. "No, no, Tony, relax. I just wanted to see how you and Steve were doing."
The soldier swallowed hard and let his gaze slide across to meet Tony’s.  The brunette was sitting almost facing him on the couch, one leg tucked underneath him so he could turn his entire body and attention towards the soldier. He noted distantly that at some point Tony had pulled on a shirt, a plain white thing that still managed to look expensive.
Blinking at the door across the room, Steve steeled himself.  The first hour of his day was always the most difficult, and it didn't seem to matter the circumstances.
He'd never imagined this would be permanent. Even after they'd connected, Tony and Steve had never discussed future living arrangements. They'd simply migrated together, falling into a pace that was neither constant nor simple, but that fit their tumultuous lives like it was tailor-made for them.
The wind that swept down ninth street was chill and oddly peaceful, just brisk enough to keep silent bystanders from losing themselves in the memories and emotions that were cohabitants of places like this. It was a much-needed anchor in a sea of nostalgia, a balm to wounds waiting to reopen.
A door creaked in the darkness, startling the soldier upright. His chest was heaving for the oxygen his sleeping mind had deprived himself of, his eyes wide in the semi-gloom.  Smoke filled his mouth, filled his lungs, came pouring out of him like poison, hellbent on consuming everything it touched.
The self-encouragement was, admittedly, mostly to quell the little tickle of uncertainty that blossomed in the pit of his stomach at the overly-sentimental idea of buying a gift for his boyfriend. Sure, he wouldn't have thought twice about it if Steve were a woman... but he wasn't, and they didn't bullshit one another that way. In a lot of other ways, yes. But romanticism had no part in their lives and it was something neither of them had questioned yet.
Natasha took a hit. She stumbled and scrambled for purchase on the mist-clicked rubber matting and lurched dangerously close to the open doors. Steve lunged for her hand and pulled her back inside, his arm wrenching painfully as he caught a hold of a support.
His eyes traveled slowly upwards, taking in the sea of headstones lit only by the dim New York streetlights. Some of those stones showed familiar names. Many of them he'd known... shaken hands with, led into battle. Some had been lost as they fought by his side. Still more he had never known, never seen. Their names had been unfamiliar.
Looking back, it had to end somewhere.  Tony had always joked that he’d put a ring on the soldier’s finger if he’d let him. Steve tasted copper in his mouth and followed the call of war back to another continent every time.
"Oh, don't play so stupid." Tony's voice was rising with his temper, the glass finding a home loudly on the marble countertop. He reached angrily for a bottle of bourbon and poured gracelessly, mostly missing the glass. "Don't pretend this isn't happening. I know that you've got your little martyr persona wrapped around yourself so tightly it's become part of your skin. I know what you think about; what you don't say."
"Well, I can't help it." Tony took a long swing of his juice, emptying the bottle. "You're creepin' me out, doc."
The only problem was that Steve hadn’t been truthful with himself or anyone else in so long, and he didn’t even know how to start now. But what choice did he have, really?  The only way out was through. One word at a time, pulling apart his pieces because Tony deserved that much from him.
Steve surged forward, his lips crashing into Tony’s like a storm. He was a drowning man, and Tony was air.  Steve wasn’t strong enough to keep suffocating.
Steve stood in place uncertainly, watching Tony in silence. There was no way the billionaire was buying the lie. The question that remained was simply how far he was going to push it.
"I can't believe you." Steve shook his head, batting away another glass—a bottle, this time—that came sailing towards him. It shattered against his hand and sprayed against the bar. He absently brushed the shards of glass off his sleeve, eying the growing mess distastefully. "I think your immaturity just reached new levels. Congratulations."
Steve laughed in spite of the pain, because Clint meant well, but he couldn't understand how this worked with Tony. How all of it worked. The assassin was all too ready to see something that wasn't there; to paint Tony as the villain because he'd never really trusted the billionaire. It wasn't like that, but there was no way to explain it properly.
“Always the martyr,” Tony shook his head fondly, “when are you going to learn?” Warm lips pressed a kiss into Steve's hair, strong fingers threading into the blonde strands at the base of Steve's skull. “You know, I really thought you were done with me. Should've known you'd be holed up somewhere, too stubborn to ask for help... too righteous to admit what you want.”
They were so different, Tony and Steve.  The blonde so reserved and stand-offish, always too caught up in his own head and worried about the people around him. Tony was brash, bright, and tactile: always touching, always in his space.  He didn't care what anyone thought and he looked after his own.
The archer retreated to lean against the counter in the kitchen, letting Steve have a moment to regain his composure. For what seemed like hours, Steve slumped there, panting, and Clint tossed a folded knife back and forth between his hands, staring stubbornly out the rain-drenched window.
When his spinning head didn’t immediately quiet, the soldier cursed under his breath and reached for the mirrored medicine cabinet hanging above the sink. He didn’t have the strength to stop himself, not today.  He fumbled through dusty orange bottles of Avinza and Hydrocodone, pills he’d long ago shunted aside in favor of self-medicating with alcohol. After all, liquor was something he could drink, whole or otherwise.
Steve was sweating again by the time he made it back to the mattress, sitting shakily and reaching for the now-clean boots that sat nearby. He didn't answer.
Steve didn't realize how hard he was clenching his jaw until the sharp pain made him loosen it a little. "Tony." He warned, voice tight with stress. "You don't know what you're talking about right now."
Clint glared and Tony jabbed and Steve kept his head down. It was the best they could manage. Until now.
Tony laughed at a joke to which the super-solider was not privy, and tried to take a drink through his helmet. He paused, and then the face plates folded away one after another. He downed the entirety of his drink in one long, burning swig.
Of  breakfasts, too early in the morning while the city was still asleep but Tony wasn’t.  Cold sheets, soft against sweat-slick skin. Coffee on a windy balcony while the sun flickered between the skyscrapers like slivers of fire.
It took far too long—hours—to trek a distance that would have been an easy run back in his own time, but his new-found aid served to make the trip infinitely more bearable now that he had a way to take at least some of the strain off of his injury.
How Tony could constantly mystify him and at the same time, could bare his soul, was something Steve would never understand.
Pepper inquired after Steve; Tony recited some easy brogue about the joys of boyfriend-ed life. Pepper smiled condescendingly and slid the stack of bills for the last round of repairs to the tower across the table.
He felt it again that night, in the shadowed half-light of his bedroom with Tony curled around him.  The brunette’s arm was draped across the soldier, holding him close even in sleep.
"Don't hold back, Captain." Tony, now thankfully earthbound, was laughing, barely able to stand up straight. "Don't pull your punches just because my bones can break."
“I’m looking alright,”  Tony had the nerve to smile, “and I can’t believe how much I missed those baby blues.”
Less than a mile into his trek the soldier found himself pausing for breath on FDR Drive, leaning heavily on the nearest wall and trying to look casual about it. Despite the raging storm the crowds had scarcely abated. Granted, they appeared now decked in more practical boots, coats, and umbrellas, but the untimely weather had no effect on the fact that rain or shine they had somewhere to be.
Shrugging when memory didn't return, Tony fetched a bottle of juice from the refrigerator and stood quietly at the window, eying the shattered glass balcony and wondering why the damage there sparked such a strange uneasiness in his gut.
This work is also bittersweet in that it is probably the last work I'll be posting in this fandom.  My Swan Song.  Thank you again for sticking with me through this journey.
"Tough. Super-boy or not, you're going to make yourself sick if you stay all drenched and pathetic like a drowned cat."
The only thing that remained consistent was the unbelievable coldness that seemed to be seeping straight into his bones.
Steve adjusted the borrowed jacket around his abdomen, paranoid that Tony would be able to see through fabric and leather to the marks hiding beneath, and practiced his casual smile.
It was not a word he said when he was awake. It was not a name he allowed his waking mind to dwell upon. It was a soul-deep ache that came upon him when he was sleeping and unguarded, when the deepest, realest parts of his heart yearned for a man he had once loved with every fiber of his being.
"—a lot of blood, but we managed to get a hold of an IV." Clint was saying in his best soothing voice. It was a tone he reserved for children and Natasha and victims of unspeakable wars... and Steve.
The soldier could almost feel him moving closer, radiating a warmth Steve had once craved like a drug. Like an addict, he still did.
“I can’t put you through this...” the soldier half-whispered, voice rough.  He was desperate to make Tony understand before Steve’s defenses caved completely. “I’m
"You know, I'm really not sure how cheap, Asian-made DVD sets are going to make a good impression on these guys..." Pepper was thinking out loud from the next aisle, humoring Tony's poor taste in gifts by joining the search. Clearly, she hadn't found any satisfactory vino.
The doorman knew Steve and let him in, making some crack about superheroes arguing and maybe next time they should just order both kinds of pizza. He seemed strangely unaffected by the soldier's hunched posture and bloodstained clothing. Maybe he'd been around Tony too long.
"Captain America," he sighed, shaking his head, "you can stand down the Hulk and alien invasions and Nazi dictators... and you can't even face your own boyfriend."
The voice startled him, and Steve latched onto the flimsy metal sink in front of him so quickly it made the pipes creak in protest as he nearly pulled it out of the wall.
"Get out of my face, feathers," Tony snapped at the archer as Clint moved to assist him, "I've got it."
Jamming his left crutch under his arm, he freed up a hand to reach out and pop open the creaky doorknob.
For the first time, Steve heard regret in Tony’s voice.  Guilt, pain, self-loathing. Emotions too easy for him to recognize because there were his own. The billionaire had managed to stay so strong up until this moment, and hearing the break in his voice was almost too much for Steve.
There was a loud ringing in his ears, and he knew Tony was talking to him because he could feel the vibrations thrumming through the chest pressed against his cheek. He could
"I don't know who that is." Steve studied the shot glasses on the counter, mentally gauging how much liquor Tony had consumed in his absence. This was an old game anyway, particularly when Tony had any amount of alcohol in him. It no longer bothered him much, oddly enough.
"I'll make sure to put a pot of coffee on," Tony bit back, faking a smile and not offering to show the archer out.
Steve nodded and shrugged his concession as Tony unknowingly echoed Clint, but his mind was still frighteningly blank when it came to what, exactly he was going to say, and how, exactly, he was going to answer the questions that would inevitably come his way.
The archer had never moved, never turned a moment's gaze towards Steve. He flipped the magazine in his lap and took a bite out of his orange.
"Steeeeve." He groaned, scrunching up his face to stare through his visor at the ceiling. "Nee'a'drink..." Steve had never specifically said it, but the billionaire knew he didn't like it when Tony drank. He was a nice guy, though—nicer than Tony deserved—so he'd probably get him one anyway.
Taking out the team had been easy. Steve had left them to Hawkeye and the Black Widow. He'd been a little more concerned about the four serum-enhanced mercenaries piggybacking the trip. Predictably, the world was still trying to unravel the serum that had created him and so far these were their best attempts. They were still trying to get it right.
He told himself he needed the shower, but mostly he needed the time to compose himself. The roar of the water was cathartic. It grounded him. Bathing had once been an impossible challenge, but the parallel bars and wide plastic seat his government insurance had paid to have installed made the task far less daunting than it had once been.
"What do you want to hear?" Steve twisted his hand in his borrowed shirt to hide a fresh wave of pain coursing throughout his body. "I'm not leaving Tony. That isn't an option."
Clint clearly hadn't expected such an easy surrender, and Steve could hear his surprise in the moments of quiet that followed.
The silence that followed was loaded and heavy. Steve could physically feel all that Clint had not yet said; wanted to say, needed to. They knew each other too well, by now.
The soldier carefully shifted upright, wedging his bare feet into the narrow clear space on the floor that served as a walkway from the bed straight forward to the kitchen. Standing was another matter, and the first time he tried he found himself falling gracelessly back to the mattress, breathing heavily and biting his lip to keep from crying out. It hadn't felt this bad when he was immobile, but he supposed he'd deserved that.
Most people remembered their dreams. They discussed them fondly and skeptically and traded laughter with one another over misplaced imagery and seemingly-random memories. They were sad, they were funny, they were sweet.
There was no longer a future for him, and therefore no reason to take care of himself. He took his day one hour at a time.  He did whatever it took to temporarily dull the roar of pain in his leg and pain in his head and pain in his soul.
Steve gripped the other man's arm and squeezed, his throat constricted to the point where he didn't trust himself with words.  He'd thought he had long ago reached the limit of the amount of guilt, self-loathing, and suffering he could bear... he'd been wrong.
Tony was, by now, an expert at observing others while seeming completely engrossed in his own activities, and it was a skill that came in handy on a regular basis where Steve was involved. For example, he chose to occupy himself now by perusing the morning paper. Subsequently, he ensured that Steve downed his entire breakfast before he snatched both their bowls away and tossed them in the sink.
He would never admit it out loud, but there were days... hell, there were entire weeks... when he felt like this was where he really belonged. Maybe the only place. If nature had run its course, he would share a quiet night with these men. Not as a living ghost in a land of sleeping spirits, but as a fellow body, cool and still beneath the earth. He would have a plain stone plaque of his own, and it would have his name on it. Nothing else, because his sacrifice would have spoken for him.
Tony's voice held the familiar note of satisfaction as he was proven right, but there was something else there, too. Something horrible and dark and too knowing. And the sound of it wrenched at the soldier's gut.
"Clint..." Steve found the name hard to mumble past split and swollen lips, and he licked the chapped skin experimentally. "What's... what's going on?"
Steve was no pushover. The super-soldier serum combined with the now-natural strength he honed daily allowed him to stand toe-to-toe with some of the most powerful beings on earth. But when a mechanical suit set at full capacity punched him through a brick wall—and his shield was nowhere to be found—it damn well hurt.
Letting out a long, shaky breath of relief as he was granted a moment's respite from the intense scrutiny, Steve followed Tony back down the hall. He pretended that his slowed pace was intentional.
Feeling anxious and inexplicably sore, Tony resigned himself to not having any answers. But when Steve got back, he was sure as hell going to have some serious explaining to do.
That was a variable Steve had never considered. Not that he had held any reasonable expectation of keeping up the ruse for long, but this was still a bit abrupt. He'd needed time, preparation...
Tony didn't know how to apologize. Steve didn't know how to live in a world that had moved on without him. They hurt each other. Tony lied and Steve drew into himself further and further every time they fought.
Tony and Clint, on the other hand, could barely stand to be in the same room as one another. Tony turned his weaponized words against the assassin at every possible turn, and Clint refused to work smoothly with the billionaire, causing more than one hitch in their operations since then.
Voicing his pain like this was not something he had been prepared for, and as humiliating as it was... it felt like lifting a weight off his chest.  Giving voice to thoughts that had never seen the light of day, confessing his sins at Tony’s altar. It was chance he’d never thought he’d have.
Longer than intended, but still not over.  Part Three will be the longest one yet.  My planning skills may need some work.
"This is all we are." Tony hissed, encroaching into Steve's personal space again, until they could feel one another's breath on their skin.
"I have to... have to go." Steve came to the conclusion slowly, but made no move to sit up. He didn't think he'd be able to quite yet.
Eyes drifting downwards as he regained his breath, Steve caught sight of a rusted metal object lying in the abandoned flower beds at his feet. A glance up told him he was standing in front of what had probably once been a church, but was now a boarded-up box of a thing, its rotten wood sagging languidly under the weight of years. Holding his side carefully, Steve bent one knee and leaned down to pluck the item—a large, iron golf-club—out of the dead weeds. It was a rusted, heavy old thing, but if he held it by the head it served as a pretty decent makeshift cane.
Making a poitned effort not to look at himself again in the small mirror, Steve ran a hand gingerly through his hair and breathed out slowly. He tried to take stock of his body; to get an idea of where all the pain was coming from. If he'd broken any bones, they'd begun to heal already. He supposed he should be counting his blessings and not his stitches. All told, he'd gotten off easy. Working his jaw, he reached for the faucet.
So he floated here, toeing the dangerous line between alcohol abuse and opioid addiction and unable to find the spirit to care.
"You with me, cap?" There was something strained and almost angry in Hawkeye's voice that Steve couldn't understand.
"Eleven o'clock. You're welcome." The archer approached the bed, squatting by Steve's side to examine the red-stained dressings wrapped around his abdomen.
Some days, he really wished he could join his boyfriend in alcohol-induced temporary insanity. That way, neither of them would remember the conversation the next day, and they could nurse a hangover together. Somehow, that seemed like a simpler option.
"Steve." Clint was the only person the soldier knew who could sound enraged and terrified at the same time.
Steve took his time in the bathroom, splashing his bruised face with cold water and running his fingers through his hair, trying to shape the image in the mirror to fit the one he wanted Tony to see: a super-soldier who was healthy, confident, and put-together. It wasn't really working, if he were to be completely honest with himself. Instead he looked like he'd gone twelve rounds with the Hulk and had a wardrobe change somewhere in the middle.
Sometimes Steve would pause at the floor-to-ceiling windows that looked out over the city and just stand there, unmoving, silent. Barely breathing. This could go on for hours. Tony would sit back on the arm of his couch and watch the super-soldier sadly, wishing he could climb inside his head and center him in the here and now... truly bring him back from wherever he went in those moments. The billionaire was convinced that Steve had no idea he did this. He certainly had no idea how much it well and truly terrified Tony.
It was daylight, but the light coming through the single uncurtained window was dim and gray, lending an eerie caste to the stacks and piles of gear that lined the walls and shelves. More boxes, crates, and lockers loomed around the single mattress on which he lay, looming over the cot like accusing figures. For some reason, the cramped space made him nervous.
Tony was standing in front of him in an instant, looking so damn pained that Steve regretted saying anything at all.
Clint lived on the second floor of a small, extremely old apartment complex that was probably violating a dozen different health and safety codes simply by existing. The sounds of the city roaring by and the dreary rain reminded Steve of the apartment in which S.H.I.E.L.D had put him up before he'd joined the Avengers. Minus all the stuff. He'd never had the heart to collect much. Even now, living with Tony, most of his personal belongings could fit into an army duffel.
He knew he should resist, that he should try harder.  He was just having a hard time remembering exactly why.
Steve froze, mind going blank as every deflection and explanation fled his mind. It felt as though the air had been sucked straight out of his lungs.
By the time they parted, breathless, Tony was halfway laying on top of him, bracing himself against the back of the couch like he was somehow still trying not to hurt the soldier even when he wasn’t thinking straight.
Since emerging from an icy tomb three years ago he'd found there were certain things—things from his previous life, things he'd never had the chance to explore before—that just didn't affect him like they used to. Weather, things like hot and cold and wind and rain, had been some of those things.
His heartbeat calmed.  His muscles relaxed. A heady euphoria he only experienced with the help of liquor and pills these days had found a home in his chest.  It curled up and rested there like it wanted to stay.
"Eat up." Tony slid the bowl of cereal in front of Steve and began to make another. He was hyper-aware of how extremely little the other man actually ate, even if he never approached the subject directly.
And all the while, his mind screamed at him that it was wrong, that he couldn’t inflict himself like poison on someone he loved so completely... because the possibility was terrifying.  The possibility that instead of Tony saving him, the soldier ruined him instead. Sucked him down into hell with him, where the demons screamed in the smoke.
Eventually the phone would ring, or Jarvis would announce a visitor, or Tony would clear his throat. Anything, really, to break the moment.
Something flickered through Barton's eyes; something too quick and complex to catch. "Yeah." He answered quietly, not bothering to lie. "It's bad, Steve."
"Yeah, sure, let him in." Tony waved the voice away, frowning one last time at the missing balcony glass before turning away to greet his guest.
Tony paused for breath, shaking his head, at a loss for words. Steve saw cracks in the armor, the reality of a man who’d been hurting just as much as he had been.
"I'm going out." He remarked a little louder than necessary, regretting it immediately when Steve jumped.
Tony frowned curiously, but at least the expression managed to erase, if only for a moment, some of that horrible guilt and anger that had been building behind his eyes.
Steve allowed himself to slip into him, to slip away, and for the first time since he could remember, he wasn't lost in his own pain.  He didn't feel the crushing ache of his own worthlessness... he didn't feel anything but weightless. He was simply warm, and content, and safe for the first time in so long.
"Jarvis," he mumbled quietly to his computer, "pull up security footage for last night from twelve P.M. to one... Elevator and lobby."
For the first time in years, something familiar stirred in the soldier’s gut.  A passion and warmth that he hadn’t come close to feeling since the last time Tony’s lips were on his, since that weight held him down, tethered here in reality.  Since those hands wrapped around his arm, his wrist, his neck. Always touching. Always there to hold him down, next to Tony. Where he belonged.
Seemingly convinced the soldier wasn't about to keel over at least, Tony carefully assisted his boyfriend in sitting up against the wall, hovering like a frightened mother, though Steve never would have voiced the comparison aloud. It was a side of Tony he didn't see often and frankly, it unnerved him.
For once the billionaire didn't rise to the bait, too concerned about the semi-conscious super-soldier in his grasp to respond.
The quiet between them stretched on for what felt like ages.  Steve almost high on the feeling of Tony wrapped around him again, Tony's grip tight with long-denied emotion.  The world could break between them like glass if they dared to breathe, and maybe they were both trying to keep that moment away as long as possible.  Maybe they could both lie to themselves and deny the inevitable.
“No.”  It was so final, so absolute. “Shut up Steve. You’re clearly not in a position to be making these decisions, so just stop trying to change my mind. It’s not gonna happen.”  The words were harsh but the voice was kind, the tone of a parent speaking firmly to an errant child.
Walking the distance from Clint's small apartment in the lower East Side to the trademark tower just north of Times Square was admittedly, more difficult a task than Steve had anticipated.
"A DVD set?" He could hear the disapproval in her voice as he pitched his thoughts on a suitable gift for the Japanese super-company they were slated to sign with the next week. "I don't know, Tony..."
Finishing his busy work in the kitchen, Tony joined the soldier at the kitchen bar, their shoulders brushing in the cramped space. Steve’s coffee was light with creamer and sweet with sugar. Tony’s was black.
He realized, with sudden, astounding clarity, that maybe he had been the one who had been lying to himself all along.
Steve channeled his pain into a burst of adrenaline, and managing to get his legs wrapped around the merc's. He twisted, and the larger soldier was moving, falling. The man managed to lodge his hand into Steve's harness, and before the super soldier could stop him, the mercenary and Steve's parachute were sliding away into the night.
Relief flooded the green eyes swimming before his vision, and deceptively strong arms were under his own, hauling him upwards into a fresh barrage of mind-numbing pain.
"Let me help you get him to bed," Clint was saying, his reluctance to help Tony with anything clear, "he just needs to rest."
Tony Stark was no idiot. Most of the world knew this, and were constantly reminded by grandiose expos, elaborate inventions, and aggressive advertising campaigns.
Due entirely to his own inattention, the butt of his right crutch slipped on the linoleum. Steve stumbled. He cursed his own clumsiness as his crutch clattered to the floor.  The soldier barely managed to do an awkward half-step and catch himself on the bathroom sink, avoiding another fall by a hair.
Both of the the clerks he'd questioned had urged him to call a cab, remarking on the poor weather and the fact that the tower was nearly four miles away. He'd smiled and thanked them politely, apologizing for tracking puddles of water into their businesses before making his way back out into the rain.
"Jesus," Tony was saying now, and Steve must have missed something he'd said, "It's like talking to my grandfather."
Knowing that if he stalled for time for much longer he would really start to lose it, Steve shook out his shoulders and headed for the door. He told himself that all he had to do was make it through a few minutes of idle conversation and compulsory smiles, and then he could beat a hasty retreat to the dark bedroom and a solid night's sleep.
Yes, Tony Stark was mad in love with Steve. But at the moment, he was the only one who knew that, and he fully intended to keep it that way, because Tony Stark didn't do love.
The sensation of falling, picking up speed and momentum, spinning in space with no purchase... there was nothing quite so terrifying. He caught flashes of light, brief glimpses of stars and farmhouses blinking down below, all in quick succession, too fast to stay orientated. Blood was the only warmth in the chill air, drops splattering onto his clothes, defying gravity, rushing against his face and neck as he spun out of control.
Tony let out a breathy laugh, and Steve felt more than saw him back out of the bathroom into the hallway.  Giving him space yet again, knowing like a sixth sense that the soldier desperately needed it, and knowing just as well that he’d never ask.
"Sir," Jarvis was announcing patiently for probably the umpteenth time, "Doctor Banner is in the lobby. I informed him that you were indisposed, but he insisted on waiting for you."
Steve swallowed, hating the way he felt.  Hating that he barely felt anything, hating that he felt it all. Sadness. Emptiness. Weariness. The three emotions cycled themselves to exhaustion through his heart, just as they had every day since he set foot back on American soil.
"You're always a soldier," Tony hissed, mirth gone, "it's who you are, and you don't even know how to do anything else."
"I was thinking of keeping it local, actually." Tony narrowed his eyes. "Maybe something a little retro."
Clint scoffed from somewhere to his right, letting out a lazy curse in a language Steve didn't recognize. Clearly, he wasn't buying it either.
He never should have come back, he realized. Not tonight, maybe not for a week or so... He should have waited for all physical signs of what had happened to disappear, fade into fist-sized smudges of color on his body and angry red scars that would eventually disappear altogether. Sure, Tony would have been pissed if he hadn't come home for that long but a pissed Tony was nothing new. That, he could deal with.
"What are you going to say?" Clint quietly voiced the question that had been plaguing Steve during the painful trek of the last forty blocks.
"No." The soldier slid onto one of the barstools, crossing his arms on the counter as he blankly watched Tony pour a bowl of cereal. His gaze started to slide back to the windows.
..." Steve felt the hitch in Tony's breath, could physically feel how much pain he was in. "I held over in Ankara for two weeks, hoping it would change—"
Clint said nothing, and Steve didn't need to look at his face to know how much that wasn't at all what the archer had wanted to hear.
If it hadn’t been abundantly clear before, he knew now for sure: he didn’t have the strength to say no to Tony. He could add that to the long list of things he no longer had the strength for.
Only to come face-to-face with the subject of all of his deepest fears. Tony was standing directly outside the door in the hall, his presence and sudden movement so entirely unexpected that Steve recoiled without meaning to.
Bruce waved mildly as he stepped into the elevator, leaving Tony where he was sitting, rubbing his jaw. The doors closed between them with a soft chime, and the billionaire was left sitting on his ass and trying to figure out what the hell had just happened.
Steve didn't look at Tony for the next few minutes as the billionaire gently, almost clinically stripped his boyfriend of his borrowed, water-logged clothing and helped him into the more familiar dry garments. Steve didn't miss the fact that Tony hadn't touched the bandages yet, though he was just as sure that his boyfriend hadn't forgotten about them either.
"I—" Steve rasped, but if he was honest he had no idea what he'd been doing or looking for. "Needed to stretch," he finished dumbly.
“The truth isn’t ugly,” Tony’s voice, like his eyes, was soft and strong. “It’s simple.  You’re not alone anymore kid, and you never will be.”
The opposite door slammed; a key turned in the ignition. The car began to move. The siren lights flashing just outside the window were nauseating and spinning far too fast, so he shut them out behind heavy lids.
"I deserve to be," Tony finished for him, his voice harsh. It held everything the soldier had dreaded hearing: Tony hadn't even seen the worst of the damage, and he already hated himself.
These days even the most minor of interruptions was enough to upset his careful routine entirely, and this was anything but minor. Hell, Tony‘s reappearance was the equivalent of a wrecking ball smashing through his defenses like they were made of glass.
That was enough to draw the hint of a warm smile from the billionaire’s lips, and he seemed all too happy to obey.  He eased his weight down on the soldier’s chest, still so careful, still so gentle. Steve loved that about him. In the same breath, he hated that he needed it.
He might buy them for Steve, he thought abruptly. He had no idea if his boyfriend would appreciate the gesture; it might just make him uncomfortable because buying each other stupid little gifts was nowhere near inside the realm of their relationship.
Clint was suddenly close to him, clasping the soldier's face in both his hands. Steve's eyes snapped to the green ones of his friend, bewildered.
"Not where it counts," Tony seemed relieved to be able to return the old line, his warm breath ghosting across Steve's skin. "You gonna keep your feet, soldier?"
And there it was, the real danger. Tony, kneeling in front of the broken soldier and looking up at him like he was the most precious thing in the world... saw through him like glass.
“I thought you needed this. I thought you needed space, told myself that had to be it. But I was wrong, okay?  I just didn’t know
He was there, but he wasn't there. Steve lived in a world of shifting shadows that ran its course parallel to his own; an alternate view of even the simplest moments, the briefest touches, that left the pair looking inwards from two sides of the same mirror.
all building up into that moment, finally released... he'd never felt anything or anyone steal his breath and his soul right out of his body like Tony's lips did.
Thank you, from the bottom of my heart to everyone who came through and left kudos, and even to those who only took the time to read and move on.
Tony snapped his fingers under his boyfriend's nose, not caring that it was rude. He needed Steve with him in the here and now, and that unspoken need translated into simple assholery sometimes. He could live with that if it kept the displaced soldier grounded.
Another man would have been dead already. The fall alone would have killed another man. He'd been lucky. It had only been a matter of time before something like this had happened.
When the blackness receded again, Steve found himself collapsed forward, half on his side, half on his knees, dragging in broken breaths. Blood was welling up between his fingers, around his hand where he pressed it as tight as he dared to the jagged wound.
The words made Steve’s heart flip painfully in his chest. He’d heard them on so many other mornings, what felt like a lifetime ago. Taken them for granted. He sometimes dreamed them now, knowing how foolish it was but unable to help himself.
He stepped forward again; came so close that Steve could feel the warmth coming off his skin, smell his familiar scent. His hand lifted slowly and for a brief instant, Steve felt relieved at the thought of Tony touching him again. But the other man stopped, fingers hovering a centimeter from Steve's face.
The second attempt was marginally more successful, and with the support of the wire-grate shelves to his immediate left, he was able to remain standing. Thankfully, the shelves were sturdier than they looked. He limped his way to the window and only source of light, his body making itself aware of every forgotten bump and bruise as he did so. He caught hold of the thin sill, sweat beading on his brow, but feeling extremely accomplished for making it the short distance.
He didn't want to think about how he'd screamed, how he'd sobbed like a child through treatments and surgeries and endless needles, catheters and blood-soaked bandages changed twice a day by nurses he didn't recognize.  He didn't want to remember.
"I was wondering when you'd figure it out, meat-head." Tony's words had been sharp but his tone had not, and he smiled into his glass as he took another pull.
"Are you okay?" Tony asked at last. The words came out like they were physically painful to voice; like he was afraid to say them out loud for fear of the answer he might receive in return.
The punch was predictable, too. Steve rolled with it, and gave up trying to be the restrained, diplomatic one.
Back in the present, Steve watched the well-defined muscles roll in Tony’s shoulders as he moved, and allowed himself to be mesmerized. He floated somewhere between memory and reality and watched the lines blur dangerously.
But he couldn't. Because this was Tony, and if Steve had ever loved anyone, he loved this mess of a man. And he'd never been more certain that if anyone could ever learn to love him back... it was Tony. They were a disaster. But together, they had hope: anger and flying insults and blinding pain, but also real hope.
The soldier hated how difficult such a simple task had become.  More than that, he hated that he was so used to it.
His old motorcycle was a 1938 Harley Knucklehead 1000, and he'd spent nearly a year and about as much of his earnings hunting it down. The paint was faded and the chrome was dull, but it was one of the few things he'd ever found that seemed to bridge the yawning gap between where he was now and where he'd come from. As much as Tony hated the "outdated death-trap", it had it's own spot in the underground parking garage marked by a simple, painted, white star. Tony had ensured him that this was, in fact, hilarious, and when Steve deigned to grace them with his presence in the 21st century and an up-to-date vehicle, then he could have his full name on it. Steve didn't understand the necessity for having his name on a concrete space, so he kept his old bike and Tony kept up his griping.
At all times, above all else, the soldier tried to avoid the memories of the field hospital where he'd floated in limbo for months, swimming through the stifling misery and pain, losing pieces of his identity with every day that passed unmarked.  A childish defense mechanism designed to keep him from the teetering edge of insanity, his brain shied away from that time; it shunted those thoughts away into the deepest recesses of forgotten memory.
"Shit…. You can't be here Tony... Tony you can't..."  Steve hid his face, eyes screwed shut, words falling out of him without permission, "you need to get out of here before I hurt you.  I'll hurt you. Can’t ruin you, can’t hurt you, can’t touch... Don’t you get it, this is too much to put on anybody... it’s too much for
"They wouldn't let me in," the words came out broken, like an apology. "I threatened to fire the damn pilot; swore I'd have the job of every man that stood between me and you."
“Please,” Steve choked out, broken by the moment and unable to tell what he needed or wanted or was even asking.
"Clint," he rasped, his eyes fluttering shut in relief when the line was picked up. The assassin worked more missions with S.H.I.E.L.D. than his super-powered counterparts and was consequentially a pain to get a hold of. Tonight, Steve must have had someone watching over him.
A blast of crushing, white-hot energy collided with Steve's chest and he had no warning. He was flying backwards, smashing through the glass of the balcony railing and spinning out into terrifying nothingness.
Several harsh breaths later he was able to convince his body to stay alert, and he reached a trembling hand down to his side, the place from which the pain seemed to be radiating. A three-inch shard of metal was protruding through his side, jutting up angrily towards the tower above like an accusing finger.
"Try using a chute next time, Cap." The mechanical voice in his ear was all the proof he needed that he wasn't dead and hallucinating. Relief flooded his senses. Tony had him. Of course Tony had him.
“You’re working with kids now, Steve. You always wanted to do that. You still drink crappy beer and you still go out of your way not to hurt me, even if it means hurting yourself in the process.”
"What, you can't fight me because I'm human?" Stark was hovering over the rubble unsteadily, his boosters firing out of sync in his disoriented state.
"I'm okay," he slurred unconvincingly, earning a half-relieved, half-disgusted snort from the dark pair of worried eyes hovering overhead.
Keeping silent for reasons he couldn't even have explained to himself, Steve pressed down on the silver handle of the bathroom door.
The billionaire turned sharply and moved away, halfway down the hall. Steve was half-convinced he would just leave altogether, but this time the brunette didn't go far. He paused, hands on his hips, and turned back to face Steve. He watched him, his expression painfully guarded and cautious.
Knowing that Tony had waited too, waited for him a few hundred miles away through all of that... that he'd been so close.  Been hurting. It was too much.
As the soldier painfully levered himself into a sitting position, the events of the previous night came pouring back into his consciousness.
Tony didn't need anything more than that. In two long strides he was across the room at Steve's bedside, the mattress dipping under his weight. Strong arms pulled Steve up into a broad, warm chest.
But tonight, there was a change. It was small, and it shouldn't have meant much. It shouldn't have altered everything so drastically.
A car horn blared on a nearby street, and the super-soldier jumped. He laughed quietly to himself at the image—Captain America startled from his memories by the din of New York—and slowly climbed to his feet. He dusted off his slacks and spent another wistful moment gazing downwards.
"Why don't you just... get angry?" Tony waved his glass, only turning to face the object of his comment when Steve said nothing, at first.
It certainly didn't take a genius to come to some basic conclusions about Steve based on their brief interaction of mere moments before, but Tony was a genius, so he came to those conclusions even quicker than usual. At least, this was how he explained it to himself. And anyone who asked, come to think of it.
Maybe it was supposed to be closure.  The same closure he’d been so sure would never be granted to him.  Maybe that’s all it was.
He was cold. Horribly, unbelievably cold. His eyes were open, but he couldn't see anything. A foggy white film had descended over his vision, and no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't close his eyes.
"Cut the shit, Steve," the words lacked all of Tony's usual spark, "you do remember what century you're living in, right?" He paused, eyes accusing, before he admitted his source. "I saw the security feed from last night."
Tony and Pepper stopped for a lazy, late-morning second breakfast and a latte on the way to the outlet center, trading the kind of easy conversation and sharp witticisms that the billionaire had never shared with Steve. It felt like a breath of fresh air, and since he was Tony Stark, he felt absolutely no guilt in thinking so.
“Steve, Steve,” the brunette was repeating over and over like a mantra, his hands allowing no room for escape as he demanded eye contact.
“Whatever you go through from here, whatever you’ve been through... I’m gonna be there for all of it. We don’t get a lot of second chances, and I’m damn sure not wasting this one.”
The coffee vanished quickly, Tony’s a little faster than Steve’s. The brunette poured them each another mug, cleared away the plates, and loaded the seldom-used dishwasher within minutes. Maybe Steve’s brain wasn’t moving like it used to, or maybe he just wasn’t used to getting anything done quickly or easily these days, but the brunette’s effortless grace still impressed him.
His leather jacket was in shreds, but he managed to pull a fairly intact edge around his side to staunch the flow of blood as he staggered to his feet. Once he let the initial shockwave of agony wash over him, he found it wasn't impossible to make his way slowly back towards the entrance to Stark tower. The distance across the street and the small park between the buildings had never seemed to daunting.
It was a long time—too long—before the soldier dared drag his eyes upward to gauge his lover's reaction to the sight of his battered body. He almost wished he hadn't. Tony's face was carefully blank, but the harsh line of his jaw and the dark, agonized shadow behind his eyes were all that was necessary to tell Steve how he felt.
“I fell so hard for you kid. I was in deep,” the words came without warning, like it was the simplest thing in the world. “If it’s that hard for you to see, I still am.”
The super-soldier looked like he was a breath away from protesting, and Tony raised an eyebrow at him. "You want to be hitting the gym later, you hit that first. I don't want another call telling me that you passed out on the bag again."
Clint saw his confusion. "You had burns," he clarified, "all over your neck and chest. "Call me crazy, but they kind of looked like thruster burns."
Steve's throat clenched painfully, his sluggish brain awed and overwhelmed by the familiar sight. For a too-long moment, he was sure he was still dreaming.  The smoke cleared away.
But for a heartbeat, he understood.  He wasn’t alone. Right here, right now.  And maybe this was his last stolen touch, his last sacred moment.
The elevator doors made a soft sound of compressed air as they closed behind him and the metal contraption dropped away, taking with it the steadfast presence that might have been all that was holding the soldier together. The absence left him feeling strangely cold, that old bone-gnawing chill creeping back into his limbs as a physical reminder of his weakness.
Steve's gaze slid sluggishly across to the figure hunched over his side. It took him a moment to recognize Doctor Banner. He hadn't seen the other man in months.
Steve spent the next hour in agony-induced delirium, the pain seeming to build with every moment he spent in consciousness. But conscious he remained, counting every one of the forty-two stitches that were pulled through his inflamed and bleeding side, clenching onto Clint's hand and trying his damnedest not to hurt him, tying to simply remember how to breathe.
"Sir," Jarvis announced before Steve could find the words to properly address the horrible, loaded silence between them, "you have a visitor in the elevator. Shall I admit him?"
The next day, Tony 'accidentally' locked Steve in a Hulk-proof glass chamber he'd been working on for the Avengers. He'd treated himself out to a nice dinner that evolved into an all-night party.
"I want you, Tony." Steve's voice held a desperation and emotion he hadn't meant to betray, and he was suddenly immeasurably grateful that Tony would never remember this conversation. "But not like this. Not any more. This is—"
"Finally," Tony was saying from the kitchen without turning around. He sounded mercifully sober. "I was wondering when you were going to show up. Boy, have I had a weird day..."
"Clint." Steve reached out with his words, trying to placate, to soothe whatever damage he'd inadvertently done. "I know what you think—"
"Thank you." Steve couldn't look at the archer as he said it, eyes fixed unseeingly on the elevator doors.
"I don't have my shield, Tony." Steve spread his hands imploringly. "I'm not in a suit; I'm not a solider. I'm just me."
The soldier stared at Tony, drinking in every detail. It felt like taking a deep breath after being trapped underground: fresh and sweet and full of details he’d been too familiar with to notice before.  The billionaire was still shirtless, looking for all the world like he had four years ago. Hair tousled, skin tan, face relaxed and eyes focused.
"Guys," Steve tried to interject, dreading the course this conversation was taking. Needless to say, his words had very little effect.
They continued the conversation-slash-argument all the way to the top floor of FAO Schwarz, where Pepper immediately departed his side to explore the racks of foreign wine imports. Normally, he would have joined her—far be it from Tony to turn down a good bottle of Port—but he'd made up his mind for the moment and made a beeline of his own for the media section. So maybe a small part of him was already convinced that this was a terrible idea, but for appearance's sake he thought he should at least make a show of browsing.
Tony cursed unintelligablly, and Steve gave up on the effort. The solider turned away in disgust, dropping his duffel onto the tile beside the bar. He would pick it up later. For now, he needed to change the outcome of this all-too-familiar situation, and the only way he knew how to do that was by removing himself from it completely.
When he came awake in a dusty hospital in Mosul, covered in the blood of his fellow soldiers, that word had come tearing out of his scorched lungs without permission. He had screamed for his ex-lover until four medics wrestled him back down onto the cot, their fingers digging into shrapnel wounds and the shredded remains of his right leg.
I know this was two weeks in the making so thank you for your patience.  This part was tough to write, and not just because it's almost twice as long as the last two.  Mostly because the "ending," the part where things work out and everyone gets a (somewhat) happy ending, still hasn't happened for me yet.  A girl can dream, right?
Seeming to read his mind in that uncanny way he had, Tony didn’t move away.  Instead his fingers moved in Steve’s hair, his forehead tipping forward to rest against the blonde’s.  Steve could feel the heartbeat pounding against his own, taking a small satisfaction in the erratic rhythm he could feel beating through his shirt.
some panicking part of Steve’s brain demanded, a command that got lost somewhere before reaching his lips.
The blood in Steve's veins was boiling, and his head was throbbing and he wanted to badly to lash out, to hurt Tony back. But deep down, he knew that wouldn't solve anything. Whatever happened tonight; whatever they said to one another in hurt and anger... Tony wouldn't remember it in the morning. But Steve would, and he would have to carry the regret with him for years if he said anything stupid now.
Dumbfounded, Steve stared into Tony’s eyes, like he’d never seen him before. Maybe, he thought, he never really had.
Steve punched his fist down into his right thigh hard, and it hurt exactly as badly as he’d hoped it would, sending sharp spikes of agony all the way up his spine.
His breath caught and shadows flashed down over his vision so fast that he couldn't stop it, couldn't even try. He was falling, pitching downwards into darkness. Steve was vaguely aware of alarmed voices overhead, strong arms catching at him, halting his descent, lowering him gently downwards.
"Shh, sh..." Tony was murmuring nonsensically somewhere just outside his fading range of hearing, both hands now clasping the soldier's face, forehead pressed to forehead. "It's okay. Alright? Just... hush."
"Yeah." The effort to speak was exhausting. "I'm fine, just... could use a place to crash tonight..."
Clint stepped to the side as the elevator chimed, leaning against the wall near the control panel. Steve pretended not to feel the eyes boring into his skull, pretended not to feel the worry and uncertainty rolling off the assassin in waves.
Steve wasn't sure how long he simply lay there, trying to rally enough strength to move without blacking out again. He knew it was imperative that he move soon, or his body would eventually begin to heal itself around the intrusion. It had happened before with bullets, and he'd been forced to undergo surgery to reopen the wound and remove the offending piece of metal. It didn't help that his post-serum metabolism rejected any form of sedation.
“I’m sorry I let you push me away,” Tony went on, shaking his head. “I really should have known better. I should have—“
“Tony—!” The name broke from his lips. It was the same name that had slipped unbidden from his mouth every night for four long years.
Tony contemplated pressing a goodbye kiss to the soldier's lip, but Steve had already fallen back into his head, gaze fixed unseeingly on the marble countertop where he still sat.
And just like that, the dam broke.  Words he'd so ruthlessly quashed for so long erupted from him like a geyser, and he couldn't hold them back anymore than he could control his shaking hands.
Panting with exertion past spasming muscles and a screaming phantom pain that emanated from the place his right knee had once been, Steve stood.  He wavered there for a moment, blinking at the angry sunbeams jutting through half-closed blinds. A faint knocking sound was manifesting between his temples, reminding him that he was dehydrated and probably several hours past due to take his morning medications.
Jarvis did not grace him with a response, waiting patiently until Tony had hauled himself up and into a pair of jeans and a t-shirt. One of his mechanical creations, specifically designed for post-hangover mornings, waited by his bathroom door with a tall bottle of Voss and a handful of aspirin.
Tellingly, his crutches were laid across the foot of his bed, and from across the room he could see that his bedroom door wasn't locked.  A tall, clean glass of water replaced the room-temperature beer that had been sitting on the nightstand, and a small bottle of advil he knew he'd never purchased was next to it.  The covers next to him were wrinkled and out of place.
It had been a long moment; dark eyes narrowing into blue ones. Tony was probing Steve's soul for something, and the super-soldier didn't know if his heart was ready for the blow to come but he steeled himself and squared his shoulders anyway, and simply stared back.
Steve was 22 again, camping in the Baghdad rubble.  His rifle was heavy across his chest and his back was scraping against a rough wall thick with powdered grey dust.  The strap of his helmet swung against his chin, pulled low over his eyes as he tried to get some sleep but daydreamed instead of everything that waited for him on another continent.
Steve wanted to say no, wanted to power through this until he could get back on his feet and back to Tony, who was doubtless a wrecked mess by now... whether he realized what had happened or not. But Clint had helped him, had come to pull him out of his own mess when he was too weak to help himself... had probably saved his life. He owed him more than excuses and deflections.
Steve silently thanked his best friend for being a mind-reader, and tried not to make it too difficult for either Clint or Tony as the two managed to work together just long enough to lug Steve's tall frame into the bedroom. As much as the soldier hated the coddling, accepting it as necessary for the moment seemed to be the easiest way to streamline his convalescence.
Tony smiled at him, big and brilliant. This time Steve could read with perfect clarity the pain, the joy, the need hiding behind it.
Clint spared a last long, lingering look at the super-soldier, his expression torn. A moment later he turned away and disappeared down the hall.
"I'm fine, Tony," Steve's own throat was closing up, and this was the last thing he needed and he really hadn't expected things to go this way.
"I know." Clint hesitated, and reached awkwardly for Steve's arm. "That's what really freaks me out."
to get to you. I swear to god Steve, I've never needed anything in my life like I needed to be there for you. I'm so sorry."
“Some of us don’t get second chances Tony,” Steve felt the anger that bubbled up, all the ways he hated himself for what he’d lost rushing ruthlessly to the surface. “I’m not the same person—I’m not even a whole person anymore. Goddamnit
"You need to... get rid of some stuff..." He slurred at Clint, because if he said much else he might crumble.
Past the physical scars, past the missing parts of himself, Steve felt it to his very core.  Tainted. Incomplete. A man twisted and dissolved into a person he no longer recognized.
The billionaire didn’t hesitate, his hands cradling Steve’s face as he kissed him back with a vengeance. Gone were the gentle touches of the previous night. This was sheer need, raw emotion, undiluted desperation.  Steve tasted hunger and relief and longing.
The super-soldier blinked dully, bringing lines and shapes and colors into better, though not perfect, focus. Bruce stood across the room at a stainless steel sink, washing off the blood that was now caked up to his elbows. He didn't remember the pain stopping... but that was because it hadn't. It was difficult to differentiate the feel of hands sifting through his internal organs and the raw pain left in the aftermath of... whatever Bruce had done. Whatever he'd done to himself.
The brunette's mouth was dry and his throat begging for another drink, but his last glass had somehow vanished from his hand, and the bar seemed so far away. He wasn't sure if he could make it all the way over there with the room spinning like it was. So decided, he stayed put, letting his helmet-clad hair drop back against the arm of the couch.
A skyhook had been used to transfer soldiers from one plane to another. Steve, Natasha, and Clint had rappelled onto a cargo transport mid-air in the dead of night and taken out the black ops team en route to crash a peace treaty signing in Israel.
Steve swallowed, wondering why those words were so hard to hear. "You don't understand..." was the only, and possibly the lamest thing that he could think of to say.
The soldier pulled his fingers through his hair for the fifth time and sighed heavily into his hand, hating that he felt so nervous and sick facing his own boyfriend.
The man behind the iron suit had made it clear, on too many occasions to recall, that they weren't exclusive. Steve nodded and pretended he understood, and watched silently as Tony left with another long-legged blonde.
Breathing out shakily, the blond shouldered through the doorway on autopilot and ducked into the bathroom. He was hoping to make a quick getaway, hoping to buy himself a few minutes to recover from his new shock and form a battle plan, but he’d never been that lucky.
Steve couldn’t help picking out those details in the silence between them as they ate.  Tony had really remembered everything.
Steve swallowed, practicing moving his hand away from his side as he stared at the tiled elevator floor. "I have no idea."
He didn't blame Tony for this... How could he? Sure, this time Steve had taken the harsher-than-usual brunt of their dysfunctionality, but it could have just as easily been the other way around. He was lucky, if anything: lucky it had been him to hit rock bottom, and not Tony. At least Steve could survive this.
The first thing he laid eyes on as he stepped up to the "A" labeled shelf was a thin-bound box set that read "Abbott and Costello".
