Dean pressed his finger deep and released his cock, his hand finding Castiel’s arm and gripping tight as he came hard. Streaks of cum splattered across his stomach while he trembled violently, gaze pleading as his breath hitched and a broken moan fell from his lips. Castiel watched as more cum leaked sluggishly from Dean’s cock as his orgasm began to subside, his chest rising and falling with each breath, lips parted. When he finally looked back into Dean’s eyes, his own were practically black with arousal.
aspect between us, and become too afraid to tell me. I understand that it’s easy to fall into that role naturally, but I don’t want it to be borne out of fear if it happens. If I hurt you, I expect you to let me know. If I make you uncomfortable, I expect you to let me know.” He paused and sighed, reaching up to brush his fingers through Dean’s hair. “Do you understand?”
One side of her mouth quirks up into a humorless smirk, and she nods. "Yeah. Just sex. No strings," she mimics him, rolling her eyes as she sits up on the edge of the bed and pulls on her shirt. "You've made yourself explicitly clear."
Castiel’s brow furrowed and he opened his mouth to speak, then laughed, complete with eye crinkles. “Oh, god, no. Not about
I wish you could see yourself. Absolutely wrecked, a beautiful mess. I’m becoming very much obsessed with seeing you like this, covered in your own spend, leaking mine.” He spread Dean’s legs apart and pushed them up, leaning down to lap at his sore rim. Dean twitched slightly, finally relaxing into it, letting Cas clean and soothe him.
Another bowl of soup and a short car ride later puts them back at Dean’s place, and he pushes the door open and cuts on the light, holding it open for Cas to come in. He walks in slowly with his arms wrapped tightly around his torso, looking around curiously. He smiles widely, then looks at Dean, who smiles back before he can stop himself.
When they start to move Dean grips tightly to his armrests, and Cas folds a hand over one of his, the other still gently massaging his head. The takeoff is blessedly tame, especially compared to some of the other times he's flown, and he's finally able to relax marginally after about twenty minutes, when they're in the air and the plane has leveled out again.
They drop their stuff in the sand and lay out two towels, weighing down the corners. Cas starts to head to the water and stops abruptly, turning back and holding out his hand with a smile. Dean takes his hand and threads their fingers together, letting Cas lead them down to the water. They stop at the edge of the shore, letting the water tickle their toes, and Dean looks over to see Cas looking out over the water with a serene expression, and he vaguely wonders if Cas is like this everywhere he goes. Just immersed in the newness of each place, content to simply
“Hey, ‘bout time you all showed up,” he pulled Charlie into a big hug, her long red hair getting in his mouth as usual.
Dean chewed on his lip and shifted, twitching when the knot pulled at his rim. He looked back at Cas and grinned, green eyes twinkling. “You gonna be ready to go again, old man? I still want more.”
Castiel never stopped moving, thrusting through his own orgasm until they became lazy and slow. He pulled back only enough to crush their lips together again, slipping his tongue inside and moving it in time with his hips. Dean felt so impossibly full, so sated and safe. He wound his arms around Castiel’s neck and panted against his lips as Castiel whispered to him, repeating the same thing over and over again like a mantra.
“I think just a peanut butter and jelly would be nice,” Cas said softly. Dean glanced back to find him watching from across the island, and even though the grace removal did nothing to change Cas physically, he seemed...smaller. He looked content, though, not sad- not sad the way Dean might be losing that kind of power- and he gave Dean a reassuring smile.
They're both quiet again, passing the menthol back and forth every couple of hits, watching the boys below them stretching, running, and throwing. Cas's eyes never leave Dean. He watches every movement, every graceful step, every stretch of muscle. If Charlie notices, she doesn't say.
The door opened a moment later and Castiel immediately pulled him into his arms, resting his chin on the top of Dean's head. Dean buried his face in Castiel's chest and hooked his arms around him, the wetness on his face soaking into Castiel's shirt.
“Hmm,” Dean opened his eyes reluctantly and glanced up at Castiel through his eyelashes. “How are you going to do that?”
“No,” he murmured, then frowned. “I...um, slick. A lot. And my fevers are getting worse. Cramps are always pretty bad.” Actually, he’s sure he has cramps from hell and that his uterus is trying to kill him, but whatever.
“Sounds perfect,” Dean says, taking a swig of his beer. “Though I'm… not really sure how to do that. Guess I'll figure it out while I'm here. After two weeks here, I'm definitely not gonna want to go back to work, either.”
Dean swallowed hard and eyed the glass, then took a small sip, surprised at how easily the stuff went down. He shifted uncomfortably as Castiel watched him, his glass resting on his knee.
“He’s acts all embarrassed,” Rory sighed. “And I told him it’s okay he can’t read, but he won’t believe me.”
Cas places his hands on the small of Dean's back, then runs them up along his spine and to his shoulders slowly, and Dean feels goosebumps cover his entire body. He shivers again.
He was barely paying attention to anything as he washed dishes, his mind a blissful blank slate, so it came as a surprise when Castiel was saying his goodbyes. Dean hardly looked at him as he uttered a ‘bye’, too afraid of what he’d see, too afraid of what he’d do.
Cas smiled wryly and shrugged. “Removing grace is rather like taking a very hard punch to the gut. Having the air sucked out of your lungs.”
He blushed, knowing what he needed to ask but really not wanting to. Dean wrapped his arms around himself and jerked his head towards the bed.
“Yeah, well, that’s still a good chunk,” she mumbled, falling into step beside him as they ambled towards the school. “Your dad said you went on some business trip? For an internship or something.”
“I have to disagree,” Cas said easily, giving his cock a squeeze through his jeans. “I had my tongue buried in your sweet little hole just last night. I recall licking a mess off your cock- what was it? Three times?”
“And your good boy is very horny,” Dean grumbled, spreading his legs and rubbing his swelling cock against Castiel’s thigh. “Please, daddy. Thought you liked watching me come.”
Cas slowly ran his tongue over his bottom lip, his brow furrowed. “I’m finding it difficult...to determine the amount of control you want me to force you to adhere to, Dean. I’ve been very adamant about the fact that you are not my property in any way, that you have free will to make your own choices, which I was under the impression you appreciated.”
When Dean was next aware of anything, he was being shaken awake by Missouri. Dean blinked and straightened, yawning widely. He had no idea when he dozed off, but the sky outside was darkening.
“Ah, no? No, not that I know of. And obviously he didn’t date very much in high school, you know...used to think he had a thing for your mother, but turns out he’s just that nice to everyone, so…” John turned and winked at him, “I didn’t have to kick his ass.”
There was no sound from Cas other than slightly unsteady breathing, then his hand slid up his thigh to palm his cock through his jeans. Dean cracked an eye open and looked up at Cas, seeing the Alpha’s eyes closed, his head inclined slightly upwards, nostrils flaring.
“Is that why you had me hanging lights all morning?” Dean quirked a brow, grabbing Cas’s waist and pulling his close.
Dean slapped a hand over the alarm to silence the shrill beeping. He sat up and sniffed, pressing the heel of his hand to one of his eyes. It only took another second or two before the tan blur shot up onto the bed and into Dean’s arms, and he folded Miracle into them, smiling into her fur. He inhaled deeply; the scent of dog was laced heavily with an earthy must, so Sam had already let her out that morning. He squeezed her tighter and tousled the fur on the top of her head as he got up and she hopped down, dancing excitedly in front of him.
“Well, I graduated high school this year,” he mumbled, feeling like a kid at the grown up’s table. “I’ll be starting at KU this fall, though.”
“Dean.” Castiel stopped in front of him. “John is your father. Sam is your brother. They both love you very much. This won’t be easy, but they’ll forgive you. So please...try to focus on the now.”
Cas thrust slowly, the pressure heavy against his hole, then the head pushes past Dean's tight ring of pink muscle, and he screams again, his voice breaking. Cas is
“You don't like pups, do you? I can tell, when people don't. Cause they don't wanna hear my stories.”
He sets his alarm for 8 am and only hits the snooze button once. He scarfs down a breakfast with his dad and Sam, being as vague as possible to his and Lisa’s break up. Afterwards, he powers through homework, chores, and even manages to drive Sam to his girlfriend’s house with just enough time to shower and change before meeting Cas.
Cas feels slightly nauseous, and it’s a feeling he didn’t even know he could experience. Dean and Benny have a… a thing. Maybe even a relationship, and it’s all Cas’s fault. Benny was the one who was there for Dean when they were in Purgatory; Benny was the one Dean could turn to, the one he could trust.
“She wants to have sex with me,” Cas states bluntly. “And…” He hesitates, as if he’s not sure it’s the right thing to say. “I asked her if she would mind if you came along and watched. She seemed quite excited about the prospect.”
"Will be fine," Cas reassured him, standing so close they were touching. "This doesn't take as much out of me as you might think. And I won't be needing my grace while we're here anyway. I can afford to show you this."
“What?” Cas wasn’t making any sense, but then Dean was having a hard time thinking right now. “You mean
Dean looked around for an explanation; Cas was the one who found it. There was a note on the living room table, in Eileen's handwriting.
Dean's heart did a weird little double-thud in his chest. "I mean, yeah." He shrugged, but it probably didn't come off quite as nonchalant as he'd hoped. "As much as I love the bunker, it's more like a base between hunts than a proper home, y'know? I'd love to be able to just… give up hunting. Maybe live somewhere close to here, so we can see Sam and Eileen and the kids more."
“Dean?” Dean’s still not looking at him; he’s sitting up now, hugging his knees, blanket pulled up as far as it goes. Cas tries again, more softly. “Dean. Is it true?”
Eileen could roast a mean leg of lamb, and it was a long time since Dean had eaten anything this good. The company, however, was even better. Dean couldn't think of anything quite like having a hearty meal with the people he loved the most. It was clear that both the kids and Sam and Eileen were happy to have him and Cas there, the conversation flowing freely and enthusiastically.
"Dean." Cas looked spellbound, his eyes fixed on Dean as he walked over to him and sat down on the side of the bed. He reached out, a hand almost touching the skin of Dean's belly when he paused, eyes meeting Dean's again. "May I?"
"I can't tell you," Dean laughed. "I told you, it's a surprise. Now come on, let's get up and have some breakfast before we go."
Dean would have taken the opportunity to stay in bed longer if it wasn't for his bladder protesting, and he regretfully moved his hand away from Cas, careful not to wake him. Maybe he could come back to bed again afterwards, if Cas wasn't up by then.
Dean knows him well enough to know that the comment isn't meant to spur him on; it's genuine curiosity. Still, Cas has a point, and with the feeling of Alicia's mouth on the side of his neck and her hand popping the button on his jeans, his hands return to their previous task of unbuttoning Cas's shirt.
he meant a lot to Cas, hearing him say it out loud was always… confusing. Not because he wasn't sure of his own feelings for Cas; he was. Had been for many years now. No, it was confusing because he never knew quite what Cas meant when he said those things. Whether his feelings were the same as Dean's, or whether his affection was solely of the 'best friend' variety.
Dean couldn't help it; he had to know, despite the questioning look Sam gave him when he pulled into the dude's driveway and opened his window so he could talk to him. The guy stopped what he was doing when he saw the car.
But… that was many years ago now, and Cas had gotten so much better at understanding the nuances of human conversation since. Especially with Dean. Dean liked to think he understood Cas pretty well most of the time, and vice versa.
A breathless sigh of awe escaped Dean as his stomach flooded with warmth, and he swiped to the next picture. It was taken inside Baby, and once again Cas was in the foreground, Dean in the background, and Cas was holding up that same note. The next picture was much the same, as was the one after that and the one after that.
It wasn’t long before they were sitting on the edge of Dean’s bed, turned toward each other, and a bundle of nerves made itself known somewhere in the vicinity of Dean’s belly. It was the good kind, however; the rollercoaster kind, not the about-to-be-devoured-by-a-monster kind.
“You okay?” Dean croaked. He desperately tried to ignore the scent in the room and the rock-hard boner in his pants so he could focus on helping Cas.
Four hours later, Dean texts a three-letter word to Sam from his room, and when Sam texts back to ask if Dean wants him to tell Cas for him, he replies with the same three-letter word. Apparently, he never grew out of middle school, but fuck it. He wants Cas to know before he changes his mind completely, but he can't be expected to come to terms with suppressed feelings
“Yeah, me too,” Dean agrees, kissing Cas again, and Cas would be happy to keep the kissing up for ages if it wasn’t for what he knows is going to happen next. Equally impatient, they break the kiss and push and pull at each other’s bodies until Cas is fully on his back, Dean straddling him, and Benny’s kneeling between Cas’s legs.
, and Dean was filled with an immense pleasure at being able to do this to Cas. He began nosing along Cas’s neck, not realising what he was searching for – or even that he was searching for something at all – until he found the spot that had him instinctively baring his teeth against Cas’s skin.
Cas broke away from Dean to sniff the air. “Fuckable apple pie,” he said with a grin, and Dean couldn’t help it; he laughed.
Cas opens a package with one of the 22-gauge needles – not the thickest out of the needles they ordered, but definitely not the thinnest either. Dean wasn’t expecting it, and he’s not sure quite how to feel about it; he thought they’d be working their way up.
The blush hadn't receded from Cas's face, but he covered up his embarrassment with a smug expression. "Oh, really?"
In the time it took Dean to get back to his feet, Sam had just grabbed a fire poker and swung it at the poltergeist right when it tried to come for him, and it disappeared.
It’s hard to keep track of the conversation all of a sudden, when Dean’s attention is on… whatever the hell is going on at the bar. Cas was only getting himself a new beer, and now he’s taking a seat. With the guy, who throws his head back in laughter at something Cas just said. Seriously, who laughs like that? Especially at something
Dean and Eileen were in the kitchen, making dinner together when Sam and the kids came back home from a shopping trip, and Bobby eagerly held up a tiny, white bag for Dean to see.
"Cas. I don't know if you meant it when you said you wanted to retire and move here, but… I want that. With you. And this house, it… it can be our new home. If you want."
"Can we sleep in the same bed?" Bobby asked, and Eileen agreed to it on the condition that they sleep instead of stay up and talk or play, and made sure they knew that if they didn't do that, Dean or Cas could tell them to go back to their own beds.
By the time Sam was standing in the living room, everyone in the house knew that Dean and Cas had slept together in the same bed last night.
Cas twists the blankets with restless hands while he waits. As minutes pass, his thoughts become more oppressive, and finally the longing for Dean brings him to his feet and out of the room. He hears voices that he follows until he finds the two men. Sam is talking to someone on the phone, and Dean is pacing the floor.
Sam looked to Dean and Cas. Cas, in turn, looked at Dean; whenever the kids asked if Dean and Cas could read them a book, what they meant was for one of them to sit on Dean's lap and one of them on Cas's lap while Dean read. Cas had never mastered the art of reading children's books with passion, and although he didn't mind reading for the kids if Dean or their parents were unavailable, he never took offense when the kids wanted Dean to read instead of him.
“They’re totally gonna think we’re doing something else, you know. But…” Dean smiled and pulled on Cas’s hand, their fingers having become intertwined at some point. “Yeah. Let’s go.”
The kiss, when it finally happened, wasn’t perfect; their teeth clashed because they couldn’t keep from smiling, and their noses bumped when they tried again, too eager, but none of that mattered – not when they had all the time in the world to get it right. Besides, the third time turned out to be the charm anyway. And the fourth, and the fifth, and… well. Dean had completely lost count by the time they tucked themselves into bed – together, for the first time out of many to come.
“Dean,” Sam interrupted, still not meeting his brother’s eyes, which was just as well, because Dean refused to meet his. “Just… let him borrow one.”
“I think… I want you to put it on my finger,” Cas said, a happy laugh making its way out his throat as he felt tears well up in his eyes, and with a reaction much like Cas’s, Dean slid the ring off the wooden stick and onto Cas’s waiting finger with shaking hands.
“Yeah, the witches left. There’s no point in us staying in town, though, not with Cas like this. We’ll come back home, and then we’ll take it from there.”
"You like 'chick flicks', Dean." He didn't use air quotes anymore, but Dean could still hear them in his speech.
Cas’s eyes were shining, the firelight reflecting in moisture that hadn’t been there earlier. The sight of it made Dean break the promise he’d made to himself that he wouldn’t cry, and he sniffled through a self-deprecating laugh. “I want to spend every Christmas, every New Year’s, every important day with you from now and until the day I die. So I really, really hope you’ll say yes to…” He opened the box to reveal the ring he’d bought for Cas. “Becoming my husband?”
"In a minute,” Cas answered distractedly. “Have you seen my flag anywhere?” It had been on the living room table the last time he’d seen it – or so he thought – but now there was no sign of it anywhere in the living room at all.
“Okay.” He swallows. “Yeah, okay. Guess we better give Cas some privacy.” His own words sit wrong with him, somehow, but he can’t figure out why. Instead of dwelling on it, he turns away from the sight of Cas and the man and tries to steer the conversation onto something else – which turns out to be surprisingly easy, as Sam and Eileen don’t seem half as disturbed to find out that Cas is into dudes as him.
Cas’s finally presses his body to Dean’s, his hand moving to the back of Dean’s neck and his nose in the hair right above Dean’s ear. Judging by the hardness against Dean’s hip, Cas does want something, and Dean has to hold himself back from moving his hips against that hardness and giving his own some relief at the same time.
“’M not Cas,” Dean said, clapping his hands together and giving Sam a shit-eating grin. “We found a way to break the curse. We just had to go full American Pie.”
And maybe Cas’s words reassure Dean about Cas’s own feelings, because this time when he says it, even though he hesitates, he doesn’t look ashamed anymore. "I love you, Cas.”
Dean's head whipped to the side; sometimes, Cas could still sneak up on him as silently as when he'd still had his wings.
“Probably more normal than you’d think,” Dean shrugs – which is likely true, but he also just... can’t have Cas thinking what they did was anything out of the ordinary. In fact, he needs Cas to believe that it’s something just about anyone might do. That what they did was okay, normal – or maybe Dean just needs to convince himself of that. “Most people have a few kinks they enjoy, whether that involves watching or being watched or blindfolds or spanking or… whatever.”
“I… was kinda hoping we would be.” Dean’s heart fluttered in his chest, and the weight of the small box in his pocket made itself known. “Cas,” he said, softly, urgently. “I have something for you, something I’ve been wanting to give you all the time we’ve been here.” His voice carried a slight tremor, and he didn’t quite dare to look Cas in the eyes as he spoke. “I have it in my pocket, but I wasn’t really planning to give it to you with all these people around, and I don’t even know if you’ll want it at all. But I can wait if you want to, I can give it to you later –”
. Still, it’s not the worst thing, drinking and having fun with some of the people who mean the most to him.
Dean does think about it. He thinks about it while he waits for Cas, thinks about it when he sees Cas returning, thinks about it when Cas sits down next to him.
So had Dean. He let his teeth sink into flesh, drawing a keening sound from Cas’s throat, long and drawn-out and unlike anything that had ever been produced by those vocal cords while Dean had been in control of them. Whether it was the mating bite or Cas’s cry that did it, Dean didn’t know, but he felt himself growing nearer to orgasm. His knot seemed to have stopped swelling, or at least it was stuck in there now, tugging at Cas’s entrance every time Dean pulled back to thrust and drawing another delirious moan out of him.
It didn't take long for the kids to wake up – nor Sam, when they began shouting with glee after running into the guest room to see if the beds were still as they had arranged them yesterday.
Cas stood up and walked over to the door in silence. He paused at the door for a long while and then finally turned to look back at Dean. “Dean,” he said, his voice pained, and a faint hope fluttered in Dean’s chest; maybe he’d at least get something more out of Cas than the reaction he’d gotten. Maybe their relationship had been worth more to him than just an
“Hurry, Dean,” Cas begged as Dean struggled with his clothes, drawing his name out into a whine, and Dean knew that desperation well – was feeling it right now, in fact, demanding that he get inside Cas as soon as humanly possible and fuck him into the mattress.
Dean fumbled with the key under Cas's curious gaze, and wondered if Cas suspected something. After all, why would Dean have the key to a random home in semirural Vermont? He held the door open for Cas, gesturing for him to go in first. Into their – hopefully – new home.
Dean didn't quite know how to continue. He sure as hell wasn't going to go down the "I like you, do you like me?" route. No matter how much he'd already revealed today, he still wasn't ready for that. In the end, he just settled on "I think they just want us to be happy. To have what their parents have."
Dean is still wearing his t-shirt; Cas find the lack of skin-to-skin contact disappointing, and he picks at the hem, lifting it away from Dean’s skin. “Could you take this off?”
“Dean,” Cas growled from behind him, apparently having followed Dean into the library. “Stop bothering your brother with pie euphemisms and come back to the bedroom.”
Dean scans the room for opportunities for himself; he’s not going to go up to anyone until he knows that Cas won’t scare the woman away by saying something too strange, but it doesn’t hurt to be prepared for when – as begins to seem more and more likely – Cas leaves with her.
Cas. In his own body. They were no longer tied – not now that Dean had his own, knot-less penis again – but he was still inside Cas, and he pulled out with a blush and rolled to the side. Alphas typically didn’t typically relish the idea of having anything (or anyone) inside them. “Sorry,” he mumbled, his voice wrecked from all the moaning Cas had been doing.
By the time Cas has finished both sides, Dean's cock is rock hard and leaking. He loves the burn, the sting of the needles, and he loves the way they look in his skin, perfectly spaced and symmetrical.
Part of Dean was still hoping there might be another reason for all the pictures. For the way Cas would always smile at his phone afterwards.
The worst thing is, Cas keeps looking at him when it’s Dean who’s supposed to be looking at them. He supposes it makes them even for last time, but it’s still confusing to feel Cas’s gaze on him while Dean is looking right back and jerking off.
Cas seemed contemplative, standing there, and he was still looking out the window even though knew by now that it wasn't Sam and Eileen he'd heard, so Dean waited to see if he'd say something else.
“Trust me, they don’t,” Dean assured him with a kiss to the top of his head. “Now come on, or they’ll never forgive you for not making it to the bonfire by midnight.”
Cas knew that voice. He’d know it anywhere, and his heart started beating faster as he turned to look at Dean, who he went to college with, and who he’d assumed was as straight as they came. Who was, apparently – judging by his rainbow feather boa and his pink, purple and blue t-shirt – anything but.
"How cheap are we talking?" Dean asked, earning him another look from Sam that – although he couldn't actually see it since he was talking to the guy – he could feel practically burning a hole in his skull.
That seemed to pique Cas's curiosity; his lips stopped in their path on their way back to Dean's mouth again. "What is it?"
There are certain things he enjoys more than others, like the time that Rhonda made him try on her pink, satiny panties or when she used to leave teeth marks in soft flesh, or the time Lisa was in a playful mood and put a blindfold on him and called him a good boy afterwards. But it wasn’t him doing those things, and he was certainly not the one in control, like he thinks maybe he should be. Like he thinks other guys would want.
Once inside, they decided to use the shower in turns to get warmed up, and Cas insisted that Dean go first. When Dean came out of the shower, however, warm again and with a towel around his waist, he realised he didn't know what to do now; what Cas might want to do after his shower.
"Fine, whatever. You win." He rolled his eyes for show anyway, but the joyous smile on Cas's face made his defeat feel more like a victory and warmed his heart almost as much as Cas pulling him to his feet and gently brushing the snow off his face did. The careful hands on his face made Dean feel off-balance – even though he should be used to Cas's lack of personal space by now – and he had to keep himself from swaying even closer to Cas. Conscious of the kids watching them, he pulled away as he wiped the last bit of snow off himself. "Come on, guys. Let's go get sandwiches and hot chocolate."
"Hey, um," he said as Cas was about to make his way to the bathroom. "Afterwards, what do you want to—I mean, should I get dressed, or…?" He trailed off, fighting a blush.
It’s all Cas has ever wanted to hear from Dean, but the timing is – if Dean and Benny are— “And him?” Maybe it’s in bad taste, asking this while Benny is here, after having interrupted their intimate moment, but Cas needs to know. Benny doesn’t look bothered by it anyway.
they would be, yet for some stupid reason he'd never felt like he could tell them due to his own damn insecurities.
Actually, Dean still sputtered. "You – what? No, I—" He gaped, a dozen denials and excuses fighting each other at the tip of his tongue, but Cas's expression wasn't mocking; there was just the same playfulness and warmth that had been present in Cas's eyes almost the entire time they'd been here, and finally Dean realised he didn't have to deny this stuff anymore. He was out now. He could talk about guys, and no one would think less of him for hit. That didn't mean he wasn't going to grumble about being teased about it, however. He had to maintain some dignity. "Whatever. It's a valid reason. Dude's hot."
Dean is in the middle of a conversation with Sam and Eileen about which microbrews they prefer when Dean sees a tall, brown-haired man approach Cas at the bar. They seem to exchange a few words before the man holds up two fingers, signalling to the bartender, and – holy shit, is the guy buying Cas a drink?
Cas shook his head against Dean’s shirt. “But they’re such lovely people. I don’t want them to think I don’t like them.”
The star for the top of the tree, however, seemed to be missing, and Eileen asked Cas to come with her to help look for a last box of Christmas tree decorations in the attic.
When it’s all over, Dean is too dazed to remember who came first and who came last – only that they all did, with a vague awareness that maybe his eyes met Cas’s when he came, but he’s not going to dwell on that. If it did happen, it was purely by coincidence.
“You did say it was normal,” Cas says almost defensively, and crap, Dean did say that, didn’t he? He hadn’t thought it would result in
“If you asked me to go out on a date with you…?” He prompted, feeling breathless, hoping Dean’s next words wouldn’t be a question about whether he’d be willing to have sex anyway.
Sam got up from where he was sitting and put a hand on the girl's shoulder. "Hey. Why don't you two go and ask him that yourselves?"
Despite the frequent Skype conversations that had taken place lately, there was still a lot to be updated on, like Charlie and Bobby's eager stories about things they'd been doing at school or with their friends. Stuff that involved teachers and children Dean and Cas didn't know, but it was important to the kids, so they loved hearing about it anyway. Dean was unable to follow everyone's signing – he knew some ASL by now, but not nearly as much as all the other people around the table – but as always, the conversation was both signed and spoken so both Dean and Eileen could easily follow what was being said.
The rest of the family came back shortly before the food was ready, and Dean got help from the kids to set the table in the dining room while Sam and Eileen went to do some laundry. When Dean felt like everything was on the table, he thanked the kids for helping him and told them they could go get their parents, and then he called to Cas in the kitchen to ask if he was missing something.
appreciate getting new ones. Dean and Sam had known what it was like to really appreciate getting new clothes – often from Bobby – and it wasn't because the clothes were so awesome.
“Sure, yeah. So if I tell her we’ll do it, then...?” Dean needs to make absolutely, positively sure that Cas is serious before he makes a total fool of himself.
"Finally," Eileen said, her voice emotional and her eyes less than dry as she wrapped her arms around Dean's waist. "I've been waiting for you two knuckleheads to give up hunting so we don't have to worry about our childrens' uncles getting killed by monsters anymore."
Sam was a great hugger. Dean would deny it until his dying day, but there were few things that were more comforting than being enveloped in those giant arms. Especially right now, and he wrapped his own arms around his brother's back and held on. He'd told Sam – finally – and Sam was okay with it. Was happy Dean had said it.
“You enjoy the needles,” Cas observes. “A lot. Do you think you can reach orgasm without a hand on you?”
– Dean’s briefs begin to feel tighter, and there’s a damp spot on the front of them, but he still doesn’t know if he dares touch himself. There’s something that seems almost forbidden, somehow, about touching himself to this.
For a moment, it all felt kinda scary – he'd lived with this secret for so long now that it was kind of intimidating to face them all without that mask he'd worn all his life – but then Sam shushed the kids while Eileen came forward to give Dean a big hug, and Dean tried to fight the tears that were welling up in his eyes. He had never known how emotional it would actually be to come out. He'd expected the main feeling to be nervousness, but along with it was also an overwhelming feeling of relief, catharsis and something he couldn't quite put his finger on that wasn't actually sadness – far from it – but still threatened to make him cry.
“Stay quiet and let me hold you, and I will allow you to use your mouth on me tomorrow,” Cas says, and although Dean’s first instinct is to argue further, the urge to do as Cas says is stronger. He shuts his mouth and snuggles closer to Cas and finds that pleasing him through obedience is rewarding on its own, flushing with pleasure and embarrassment when Cas places a kiss on the side of his head and tells him how good he’s being.
"Say something," Dean pleads; his nerves have been frazzled for four and a half hours already. He needs to know if Cas is here to make all his new, gay dreams come true or crush them to the ground like the newly formed, fragile things they are.
Dean hasn’t said more than a single word since Cas arrived, and Cas can’t take it anymore; can’t take this silence from Dean while Benny is the one to tell him these things.
Cas wondered if it had been a mistake to decide to join the Pride parade. He wasn’t sure he even really belonged; his ace flag was the only one he could see amidst a sea of rainbow flags, bi flags, trans flags and other flags he didn’t recognise.
“Oh, Dean. I’m sorry.” Cas’s voice was thick with emotion. “I didn’t know you would be so against it.”
The man in the leather jacket stands up from his chair, eyes wide and worried. “Cas,” he says urgently, a hand reaching out, landing warmly on a cheek. Cas. This shortened version of the name feels right – as right as the touch of that hand, thumb stroking Cas’s skin. “Cas, hey.”
When Sam closed the door behind them, giggling like a loon, Dean flopped back on the bed and hid his face – which felt like it was on fire – in his hands. "Fuuuck." He didn't think he'd ever been more embarrassed in his life. His dick had definitely gone down by now; for all he knew, maybe it had even shrunk a couple of inches in pure mortification.
It’s difficult; Dean’s body seems unwilling to cooperate, and it takes him a few moments to re-establish the connection between mind and body, but finally he manages to roll onto his side and up on all fours.
Cas has the focus of a surgeon, uncapping the skin marker and beginning to mark Dean's skin where the needles will enter and exit. Dean can tell from the dots that the needles will be inserted diagonally, six above each other on each side, and he can't help but try to imagine what it might feel like when Cas finally inserts the first one. He prefers sharp pain over dull; he likes the sting of a cane, of teeth, the impact of a rubber flogger when Cas wields it just so. He hopes – he thinks – he might enjoy the needles too.
"Yup." Dean knew Sam was fishing for more, but Dean wasn't going to give him that right now. Not when he and Cas hadn't talked about what they were now, or even kissed properly yet. "Hey, you think there might be black mold here somewhere? We should go check out the basement."
If Cas noticed Dean's nervousness, he didn't show it. Instead, he walked over to where Dean was standing. Dean didn't realise he was standing underneath the mistletoe until all of a sudden Cas was close enough for Dean's breath to hitch in his chest, and then there were soft lips on his cheek.
When he came back, Cas was standing in front of one of the two large living room windows, so Dean guessed they weren't going to watch the rest of the movie. He came up to stand beside Cas, leaving some room between them, but not much. Not as much as he might have a few days ago, before the possibility of something more had been planted in Dean's head by the children. Before the possibility of Cas having feelings for him had even seemed like a possibility at all. Maybe Dean was getting his hopes up, but it was beginning to seem more and more likely – but it was hard to know if it was just Dean's imagination, attributing Cas's words and actions with meaning that wasn't there.
It’s only been maybe ten minutes or so when Cas approaches their table with the guy in tow. “Sam, Eileen. I’m sorry to cut this evening short, but I’m leaving with Matthew here,” he says, and receives assurances from them that it’s absolutely fine. Dean feels left out until – “Dean. Would you like to…?”
, and how stupid is it that Cas, Angel of the Lord and almost-virgin realised it before Dean did? He nods desperately even as he looks down and blushes. He can’t deny it.
When she leaves, Castiel expects that they’ll wait for the doctor to arrive; instead, his husband asks if he’s okay to stand, okay to walk. Puts a tan trench coat over Cas’s hospital gown and tells him they need to leave. Cas trusts him, and together they walk out of the room, an arm slung around Cas’s waist supporting him even though it’s not really needed.
There's no real need for the gloves or the alcohol swabs – not when Cas’s grace would do the trick, but Dean appreciates it anyway. It sets the scene, gets him in the right headspace. It's their first time doing this particular thing, and while he's not worried – it was his idea, after all, and they wouldn't be doing this if he wasn't certain he wanted it – he doesn't know what to expect. The touch of Cas's fingers, almost clinical apart from the comforting way his touch lingers slightly longer than it has to, makes Dean relax into the mattress beneath his back at the same time as it makes him
Dean wasn't sure if he imagined it or not, but they seemed to brush against each other more often than they usually did when cooking together, even though there was really no reason for it; the kitchen was more than big enough for both of them.
"Go Uncle Cas!" was shouted by one of the kids, and Dean turned his head to see Bobby standing there with Charlie, both of them cheering for Cas.
Sam denied it vehemently, saying it was all lies, but Bobby piped up with a "But Daddy, you still have a bump on your head from when you went to get the other boxes," which shut Sam up and gave Dean something to laugh about.
Dean knows already that this area is particularly sensitive to pain from when Cas has used the flogger on him here; he hasn't even considered letting Cas use the cane on his inner thighs yet. Even the pinch of Dean's skin between Cas's fingers feels more sensitive here, and Dean is trembling when Cas asks him if he's ready, but he still nods, and then there's a sharp pleasure-pain as the thin needle pierces the delicate skin. When it exits, Cas lets go of the skin and produces a small cork – similar to a wine cork, but much smaller – from somewhere, and presses the end of the needle into it.
Dean cleared his throat. Showing Cas the house could wait until tomorrow, he supposed. "Uh, yeah. No. Me neither."
The mug was really only a replacement for one that Dean had broken in the first place, so it wasn't much of a Christmas gift. The old one had been Cas's favourite because of how the lip of the mug felt, and while Dean hadn't been able to find the exact same mug, he'd found out which company had produced it, and they had several other mugs with the same shape. He'd picked one that had a drawing of a bee and said "Queen Bee" – he'd thought it was funny at the time, especially considering the time Cas had been covered in bees as well as the fact that Cas wasn't really a dude – but now he worried that maybe it was too flippant, and he could feel his hands sweating as Cas opened it. Even though it was just
Dean has been rock hard and insanely turned on ever since Cas entered the room, and hearing those words out of Cas’s mouth is enough to make him do just that in no time at all, spilling over Cas’s fist and into his boxers with an embarrassing moan.
Dean knows he’s into men. He’s never admitted it to anyone but himself, and certainly not acted on it, and it’s only because of this that his body reacts whenever a cop pushes his face into a wall or bends him over the hood of the Impala to cuff him. Because those are the only times he’s close to a man like that.
Which meant that naturally, he'd forgotten to pay attention to the sounds outside the room, and apparently Cas had too, because the door was pushed wide open and they sprang apart, clutching the blankets to their bodies as the kids came in. Of course. It was fucking
Dean’s tongue feels like velvet, soft and giving as Cas pushes in to taste more of him. He doesn’t want to stop, groans in frustration when Dean pushes him away, but then it’s okay because Dean’s telling him to lose the clothes, which he does with a thought.
Cas lets go of one of Dean’s wrists and slides his hand into Dean’s hair and tugs, making Dean’s scalp prickle and his eyes water, but it’s good. No, scratch that, it’s amazing.
Dean couldn't help but look up at the mistletoe every now and then, thinking about what it might be like to catch Cas under the mistletoe and kiss him, or maybe more realistically, to just give him a peck on the cheek like Cas had done to him (because Dean was kind of a coward that way). But Cas was never underneath it, so it didn't matter anyway.
“You’re lucky I like you.” Dean can hear the fond smile in Cas’s voice. “I’ll let you get away with it… this time.” The last two words are not an empty threat, Dean knows, but he’s thankful Cas is letting it slide; as much as he acknowledges Cas’s right to punish him (he’s the one who’s granted him that right, after all), he’s happy there won’t be any interruptions right now.
Now, Dean was content with standing to the side and watching the festivities. He caught sight of Cas doing the same and went over to him.
bed,” Dean argues, but his tone is soft, warm. “But… yeah. I’d like that.” His expression shifts, and then he adds, “Wait, did you just angel-marry us?”
"But… I'm okay with just straightening them out and… leaving it like this. I mean, if you're okay with it." Dean's ears felt hot, and he looked at the bed rather than Cas.
“You gonna be able to sleep?” Dean asks once Cas is slipping under the covers of their bed, wearing only a pair of boxers Dean found for him while he showered earlier.
Cas hums thoughtfully. "I don't know if that's hygienic. We don't want to risk infection," he says levelly as he inserts a needle, and Dean's high enough on his own mind, on the hormones and chemicals his own body is producing, that he doesn't recognise it as teasing – Cas is an angel, surely hygiene shouldn't matter – and the word
“Sometimes, yeah.” It feels like they’re negotiating what they’ll be doing, except Dean’s the only one who’s saying what he wants. He tries not to get his hopes up; Cas hasn’t actually agreed to any of this.
Upon waking up, there’s light. Bright light, white walls, and people close by. Two of them: a man and a woman. The woman is wearing scrubs – a nurse? – and the man a brown, worn leather jacket. He’s sitting in a chair next to the bed, eyes closed and head bent over clasped hands, elbows resting on the mattress. Praying, perhaps, or just lost in the worry that his knitted brows speak of.
Dean shifted his weight. He didn’t know where to take the conversation from here, now that it had turned to his romantic qualities; this should be the perfect opportunity to broach a certain subject with Cas, but moving on from Claire and Kaia to him and Cas was harder than it should be. He shifted his weight once more, and when his side brushed against Cas this time, he didn’t pull away – and neither did Cas. Their fingers twitched against each other, both of them pretending it wasn’t happening, and Dean glanced surreptitiously above them, hoping maybe they happened to be standing underneath a sprig of mistletoe. No such luck, of course.
And when Cas whispers praise into his ear later that night, in the afterglow of their first lovemaking, Dean wraps Cas's arm tighter around himself, feeling safe and warm and assured that from now on, they won’t need any partners but each other.
Dean woke up again on Christmas morning with Cas's body molded against his back, skin touching skin and their feet tangled together. He smiled and pushed back against Cas's body while tugging Cas's arm more firmly around him, which caused Cas to stir, nosing against Dean's hair and embracing him sleepily for a moment before suddenly going rigid and pushing himself away.
Dean’s breath leaves him all at once, shakily. From the sound of it, he’s going to be allowed to, and he’s suddenly even more acutely aware of how close Cas is. “Then I, uh.” He wants to look away, but Cas’s hand won’t let him, and his eyes flutter nearly closed as he answers. “I want to make you feel good.”
"I believe you're the pervert," Cas murmured with a smile. "You're the one who apparently wants to feel my erect penis."
His movements make the needles in his thighs burn, the skin stretching as he raises himself up and then jiggling as he bounces in Cas’s lap; he’s not as fit as he used to be, a few extra pounds of fat cushioning certain areas here and there, but Cas never tires of telling Dean how much he loves his body, so Dean’s not as self-conscious about it anymore. And right now, that extra bit of padding is adding to the sensation, so he can’t really complain.
"Whatever," he grumbles, knowing Cas can see right through his gruffness. "Let's get these needles out of me."
Dean can tell that Cas's cock jumps when his is revealed, even underneath the layer of cotton. A coincidence, he's sure, but it still feels like a not-coincidence, and while he can't decide quite how he feels about that, his cock seems to like it, hardening further under Cas’s gaze. It’s just a bit too much to deal with, and Dean turns around to begin what they came here for, turning his attention to Alicia.
The Hells Canyon was beautiful, bathed in the pink-orangey hue from the sunset. They were sitting on an honest-to-god picnic blanket Dean had bought specially for this trip, and maybe it was something about the serenity of the place, or maybe it was the way Cas’s hand found its way to Dean’s, but in that moment Dean felt like maybe everything was all right after all. Like maybe he was imagining things.
"Dean," Cas interrupts with a smile on his face that says he thinks Dean is an idiot, but an adorable idiot, at least. "Shut up and kiss me." And yeah, Dean does enjoy following orders, so maybe it makes him a little weak in the knees when he complies. Or maybe that's just because he's
“I..,” Dean glances softly at Benny. “I love Benny, too.” When he looks back at Cas, his gaze is still soft but has the barest hint of defiance in it, as if he’s daring Cas to have a problem with it.
“Look, I’m just gonna… go. Sam, make sure Cas gets to his room okay.” He turned on his heel and ran, not looking back. He didn’t even pay attention to where he was going, he just knew he needed to get away from Cas.
"So, uh," Dean said eventually. He cleared his throat, which had gone conspicuously hoarse. "So Anna made the auroras, huh? Did you make anything?"
. If Dean was in Cas’s body right now, then it stood to reason that Cas was in Dean’s body, which was currently… “Son of a bitch,” he said, because if any situation really deserved the phrase, this was it.
And that’s what makes his decision for him. Whatever he’s looking to get out of Heaven, he’s not going to find it on the highway. He leaves Baby on the side of the road (she’s not really Baby anyway, only an illusion, a mirage) and begins walking into the forest that the road winds through. He’s not really sure what he’s doing or where he’s going, only that his heart (or his soul or whatever that thing beating in the chest is these days) thrums faster than it has since he got here, to the beat of a rhythm he can’t hear but that’s pulling him further and further into the forest.
Dean felt something inside of him break loose. He wanted to shake Cas, wanted to force a real, goddamn reaction out of him. Their relationship of four years was ending, and that was all he had to say?
Cas smiles to himself. Despite what he thought when he first entered the room, everything’s going to be okay after all.
Dean snorted softly. Thank God. If the reason for Cas freaking out about touching him wasn't any worse than that, then he didn't have anything to worry about. "Dude, it happens, don't worry about it. I'm not scared of your dick."
Cas lay down on his stomach again, placing a pillow underneath his hips so his ass was sticking out, nicely presented for Dean. It was obvious how much slick he’d been leaking; large parts of his buttocks and his inner thighs were glistening. “No teasing. No fingers. Just fuck me, Dean.”
"Whatever," Dean shrugged, knowing Cas would see right through him if he tried to lie. "Just don't tell anyone."
Cas’s heart skipped a beat, causing him to simultaneously trip over his feet, and Dean steadied him, looking exactly as flustered as Cas felt.
Dean shrugged, and he could feel the tips of his ears going pink. "Yeah, well. It's not like we'll get cooties from sharing a bed."
be in love." The "but they can be" went unspoken with the questioning look she sent each of them that Dean refused to meet.
First, of course, there was a poltergeist to get rid of, but there was no reason it couldn't stay there until the deed had been signed, which they agreed to do in a few days. After all, Dean wouldn't want the guy to discover that the ghost was gone and renege on their deal.
Suddenly, Dean understood. If Sam was right about Dean usually smelling the same way to Cas as Cas did to him right now… “It’s like fuckable apple pie.”
"Stay with me, Dean," Cas says when Dean's eyes flutter closed as the second to last needle enters his skin. "You want me inside you, don't you?"
Eileen stuck her head out of the kitchen when he was on his way back to the bedroom, and he changed directions. There was no need to be rude; he saw Cas every day, but he only saw Eileen a few times a year. Just because things hadn't started happening between them until now, that didn't mean he was going to ignore his host in favour of Cas. Especially not such a wonderful woman as Eileen. Dean sometimes wondered if Sam knew just how lucky he was. He probably did; he'd have to be blind not to.
Dean looked up at the lights again. They were awe-inspiring, and at times they seemed to shoot down closer to Earth. Somehow, looking at them, he could easily understand how people had imagined they could come down to pluck someone off the surface and take them away.  "Good thing I have my very own angel to protect me, then." Dean wasn't sure he'd meant to say that, and his heart beat just a little faster at his own words, Cas standing so close beside him.
like they were on the same page, but it was hard to tell with Cas. The same guy who had called Sam an abomination without actually holding any ill will towards him could just as well tell Dean he liked him in what came off as a romantic way, without actually meaning it like that.
Cas takes a moment to catch his breath before he responds. “I never said that. In fact, I quite enjoyed putting these in you." His fingers brushing the needles are gentler now, but the touch still makes Dean shiver.
"Yes." Cas smiled. "It has come to symbolise many positive things. It feels especially fitting to me that one of the things it symbolises is… love, in all its forms."
“No.” Cas looked down. “They couldn’t be brought back; they’re all in the Empty. But Jack is here, at least. And Kelly.”
Frantically opening the camera app on his phone, he solved the mystery of whose body he was currently inhabiting – namely a certain former angel who at that very moment was supposed to be on a literal witch hunt with Sam. Suddenly, his hatred of (most) witches was starting to feel even more justified.
, he tries to convince himself if only to avoid setting himself up for disappointment, but he still has to look around to see if he can spot movement anywhere, because who knows how the hell Jack designed this place and what’s a coincidence and what’s not.
Cas pulls away to look Dean in the eye, his gaze soft. “You will let me know if I do something you don’t like. Always.”
Dean huffed a nervous laugh, glancing at Cas. It was one thing for a make-out session between them to turn hot and heavy, but having his brother and sister-in-law plan for them to have sex in their house was… a bit weird, although he actually kind of appreciated the thought; it wasn't as if they were likely to try again while the kids were in the house.
It was the first time Eileen had ever called them "knuckleheads" or anything of the sort, and Dean couldn't help but laugh, the love in the room making his eyes a bit moist as well, not that he'd ever admit to that later.
"I wouldn't mind a romantic evening alone with you," Cas said, not commenting on the fact that Sam and Eileen obviously wanted to give them an opportunity to have sex, which helped.
Cas had grown hard as well, Dean noticed, and he wanted more than anything right now for Cas to be naked too. "You too," he said. "I want to touch you, Cas."
"Shut up." Dean put his hand on Cas's neck and then shut him up himself as he pulled him in for a gentle kiss.
“You’re always in your room.” It looked like it pained Cas to have to produce sentences longer than three words. Dean could relate; his body had needs that it would much rather prioritise over speaking. “And I’m in mine. Your scent, Dean, it always affects me. It's…”
Cas turned to him, and even though it was too dark to see Cas's face properly, Dean could clearly imagine the questioning look that must be on it.
There was a sense of contentedness and a warmth there that had nothing to do with the bonfire, and Dean saw Cas’s worry melt away when they were greeted with nothing but smiles as they sat down in the space that had been saved for them on a log. There was only just enough space for the two of them to sit side by side, which meant they ended up pressed against each other. Dean didn’t mind, and neither did Cas, judging by the way he snuggled up to Dean.
“Do you have a criminal history? Are you taking any drugs or medication? You know things like that.”
“I’ll take them,” Dean said enthusiastically grabbing the cheap, plastic sunglasses off of Cass’s head, “I look better in them anyway”
Inside was a woman in a brown sheriffs uniform, she had a map of the beach spiraled out across her desk, she had pictures of missing people and dead body parts tacked up on a board on her wall. Her hair was messy and she had multiple empty coffee cups on her desk. It looked as if she had a lead on the case and could get the boys home a few days early. It took a couple seconds before she looked up and noticed them.
“Well one lady was sure she saw the Loch Ness Monster but it ended up just being a big stick, or some shit” Kit said handing Cass his shorts, “follow us to the equipment room to get your first aid packs and whistles.”
“Yeah she is right through that door,” the receptionist said pointing towards a door that read, SHERIFF.
“Yes, I agree,” Cass said, staring at Dean. Dean nodded his head down, pulled his shades down to the bridge of his nose and gave Cass a little wink.
“Yeah, we're here about the disappearances.” Sam replied, he got a good look at her map, and saw that she had multiple locations circled in red marker.
The boys were surprised, “No, no it's nothing like that,” Sam reassured her, “we are here to help, nothing more”. They exchanged glances knowing full well they would never get any recognition. Dean walked over to the board and saw more missing people than body parts.
Dean finally moved, standing up and brushing the snow off his ass. “I should go back...before I freeze out here,” he snorted, rolling his shoulders. “Some of us don’t have have all that fur to keep warm.”
Dean waits for Cas to invite him inside, but he doesn't. He just stares, his deep blue eyes trained on him as he takes a slow drag from his cigarette.
Dean used his free hand to smear some of Alpha’s seed across his finger. He brought it up to his lips and sucked it in, immediately moaning from the warmth and taste that hit his tongue. If he could have come again he would, the taste so thick and heady it dogged his brain and his body sang with it, begging for more as his scent flared wildly.
Reluctantly they stood and went back inside. Dean paused in the entry way and Castiel stopped, both of them dripping water onto the floor.
“Why won’t you tell anyone, Cas?” Dean asks softly. “Put him away for good. You could stop bein’ so fuckin’
“Sorry it took so long,” he mumbled finally, ruffling his own hair. “Bit of an issue. I ended up having to go with Benny, and the closest camp is almost two hours away.” He frowned and tilted his head. “Did she...sleep this whole time?”
Dean huffed and finally settled on a pair of jeans and a t-shirt with a plaid shirt thrown over it. He slipped on his boots and tugged nervously at his shirt as Castiel collected his keys and wallet, then followed him out the door.
you in months,” Cas corrected, and Dean rolled his eyes. He opened his mouth to say something else snarky, but Cas’s finger found its way back to his rim again, sliding over where the sensitive muscle stretched around his girth, the knot stretching him wide, then finally pushed again, smearing the cum and slick that escaped.
,” Dean’s legs shook, and if it weren’t for Castiel’s arms holding him up, he’d collapse to the floor. “Yes, daddy,
“Babe,” he walks up behind Cas, resting his chin on his shoulder. “You hungry? I’m friggin’ starving.”
Dean snorted, though he agreed it had definitely been worth it. Letting an Alpha in for the first time (willingly) was a monumental step for him and he was glad to have taken it with Cas. Fingers weren’t knots and he knew the first time Cas knotted him it would be awkward, tense, and would mean a lot of patience from his Alpha.
“Red,” he gasped, voice broken and desperate, as if he didn’t think Castiel would even hear him, listen to him. “Redredred-!”
Castiel grabbed a fistful of Dean’s hair on top and pulled back, Dean uttering a small groan as his neck was exposed. Castiel leaned in, lips grazing Dean’s throat as he spoke.
Dean licks his lips quickly, trying to figure out how to continue. "We were..." he looks at her for help, and she rolls her eyes.
Dean chuckled and tucked her into her bed. She fell back asleep immediately, hugging his arm to her chest. The Omega was forced to crawl in next to her and held her close, purring gently until he fell asleep as well.
Dean shook his head and rubbed at his eyes, all that “bleak reality” he’d come from so fresh in his mind.
“Hell yeah, right now!” John exclaimed excitedly as he continued cutting slices of cake. “C’mon boy, I been looking forward to this for months.”
Dean sighed and pulled the covers back, sliding out of bed and steadying Castiel until he could get him to the bed, where he helped him sit.
She turned back to Dean and put her hands on her hips. “Now, I brought you plenty of food to last you the next couples days or so for your heat. I made sure to pack plenty of protein for Cas, since I’m bettin’ his rut will trigger. I’m afraid since Jack is still on the breast, he’s gonna have to stay here, otherwise I’d take him off your hands.”
"I know, I'm sorry. I shouldn't be giving you such a hard time. You have a lot on your plate, and with practically raising your brother..."
Cas stroked Dean’s wet cock as he emptied into him, still too incoherent to speak. Dean’s channel was so tight around his knot that he could feel every little twitch and pulse, and he moaned loudly, trying to imagine how much rougher Cas would fuck him in his wolf form. He wondered if being in that form meant more orgasms, more Alpha seed, and he decided that would be more than welcomed, shuddering at the idea of being pumped so full by his Alpha that he couldn’t possibly contain it all. He wanted his belly to swell with it, for it to drip out of his hole and slide thickly down his thighs.
“I mean…” Castiel paused and chewed his lip, “I need to make sure we’re on the same page. And if we are, we need to establish a few things, before...beforehand.” He sighed, looking torn, his eyes downturned in the corners. “But for right now...what can I do for you now? Do you want to talk? We can go back downstairs-”
Dean recognized Benny’s voice before he actually saw him ambling toward him with a bucket and a couple of handmade fishing rods.
Dean obeyed, slowly sliding the finger out and carefully thrusting back in. He bit his lip, eyes sliding closed again-
. They mean much of the same. It’s the art of Japanese bondage. I think it may help you ‘not be here’ as you put it, while not causing you any excessive pain since that’s not my desire to do so with you.”
Dean followed after her silently, only half listening as she pointed out the kitchen (which was cooking something that smelled amazing) and the cabin where they treated the sick or wounded, along with the cabin right next to it where pregnant Omegas had their pups. He blinked at it, carefully keeping his face neutral when Donna told him the procedure if he were to become pregnant.
“No, I-” Dean paused and frowned, huffing in frustration. “Cas, I dunno what- I just- one minute I felt fine; great, actually, and then suddenly I
Castiel knew he had to leave. It was only a matter of time before Dean came to him and ordered him to go. Cas couldn’t bear that, though. The look of disgust and hatred on Dean’s face. It would smother whatever strength he had left.
“Where'd you take those?” Dean asks innocently, although it was really just a roundabout way to ask where he's been for the last few months.
Cas gave him a crooked smile and pointedly grabbed the parsnip, setting to work peeling it. He followed with the carrots and potatoes as Dean watched, then he cut them all into pieces. He set it all to the side and pulled out the fish, patting some salt on each side. He placed it in a cast iron pan and arranged the vegetables around it, then carried it over to the wood stove and sat it on the grill over the fire.
“The hell you aren’t!” Dean shoved past him, stomping to his room and grabbing the first duffel bag he saw.
Cas takes another bite of his burger, chewing and swallowing before he answered, which Dean thought to be overly polite considering he was signing anyway. “Supposed to be another week. I'm photographing Falls Park this week.”
John tried to move past him, but Dean pushed hard at his chest, making him stumble back. John turned his furious, slightly drunken gaze to Dean, raising his fist in an automatic defense.
Dean realized this bone-deep exhaustion may be something else entirely. He was tired of it. He’d had his childhood, his family, his friends, taken from him because of this job. He’d save the world dozens of times and he found himself thinking he was...done. And why not? Dean felt pretty confident he’d earned some retirement. Some R&R. And he was tired of losing people. Jack had brought everyone back and Dean wanted to keep it that way.
“Nice to meet you, Dean,” she said sincerely, her smile warming. She looked back to Castiel, raising a brow. “He’s young.”
“If I don’t get pregnant during one of my regular heats first,” Dean pointed out with a grin, and Cas chuckled.
“It’s just me, my dad, and my brother. Mom died when I was young. Bobby and Ellen- friends of my dad’s- they’re the next closest thing to family I have.”
“Not in the car,” Dean warns, snatching the lighter from Cas’s fingers. “The smell will stick to the leather like a bad stain.”
Dean sat his glass on the table beside his chair and spun it between his fingers, shrugging. “Yeah, thereabouts.”
If you want to prompt me, send me a message and I will give you my Tumblr handle. I'm not posting it here for my own reasons. My Ask Box is always open so don't be shy!
“Dean, I shouldn’t have to remind you,” John grumbled as he put a gallon of milk in the fridge, “reviews are coming up. And there’s already been a few who got...let go.”
“Dean,” Castiel gasped when a finger pressed up against a bundle of nerves. Dean was merciless, pushing in four fingers. Castiel scraped the floor with his free hand, nothing but garbled mess spilling from his lips.
Cas nods and points to the mountain, signing jerkily: “That’s Heavens Peak. One of my favorite places to go.”
"He's not my best buddy." Cas snaps quickly, cutting him off. "And what do you mean...tonight...you think I...?" He struggles to form a coherent sentence, then scoffs into the phone, followed by a dark chuckle. "Christ. I wasn't...that's not why I called you."
Dean started slowly backing away, intent on retreating inside his cabin, but the red-headed Omega turned and he froze.
But it didn’t stop him. If anything, it spurred him on. Cas would prove to Dean that he was right about this, that Dean should have had faith in him the whole time. He was going to single-handedly save the world, no thanks to any of them who stood against him. Dean especially. He would restore Dean’s faith in him. He would show Dean that he was right all along.
“Hey, I’m just gonna step outside for a minute,” Castiel leaned over to whisper, patting his pocket. “Will you be okay here?”
He gasped for air, desperately trying to get his lungs working. His eyes fluttered open and he stared down at the bloody handprint. His vision blurred, tears burning and running down. Dean had stopped trying to wipe them away hours ago.
he’s not alright- he’s pretty fucking far from alright, if he’s being honest. He wants to tell Cas to stop being so goddamn stubborn, to shake him and tell him it’s
Ash seemed to consider it but ultimately shook his head, huffing and pulling his knees to his chest.
“So, 18,” Charlie smiles, taking a Coke from Benny and falling into one of the ratty patio chairs. “Congrats. You can now smoke and go to war.”
pounding in his head. He wondered what it would be like during his heat, when he was unbridled and foggy, and he had a wild Alpha in rut mounting him. The thought was a little scary, but in a good way. Even in rut, Dean trusted Cas.
“You don’t have to defend him with me,” Castiel said gently. “I know Sam is a good kid, but I also think you’ve been pushed to the side for some reason I cannot fathom, especially since you’re seemingly his primary caretaker.”
Lisa wore a long bright yellow halter dress with intricate beading on the bodice that trailed up the length of the halter. Her hair was pulled into a loose up-do and laced with a yellow ribbon, small crystal hairpieces scattered intermittently throughout. The bottom of the dress had a long slit that stopped about mid-thigh, revealing her darkly tanned legs and silver crystallized opened-toed heels and perfectly pedicured toes.
“So how long have you two been together?” Naomi asked, sitting down across from Dean and Castiel with her glass.
, and he grabs the sketchbook and turns it over on the table before he sits down with his food. He takes a bite of lasagna and mumbles a thanks without looking directly at Dean.
"You'll see, Castiel," she assured him, ruffling his dark hair, "there's a lot more to it than meets the eye."
Dean swallowed hard and lowered his gaze, fixating on the buttons of Castiel's shirt. After a beat Castiel turned and picked up a bowl of fruit from the counter, offering Dean a piece of a strawberry. He pushed it gently past his lips, leaving his fingers there for a brief moment before pulling back again.
He pushed off the wall and closed the window, then the curtains. Alpha’s smell was still too strong, though. Dean slipped his clothes back on and stepped outside, determined to find something to do and be useful.
Anael sighed, but didn’t look all that surprised. “Well, like I said, I’m his sister. Just here for a possible job offer. Figured I’d spend the night with my big bro instead of a depressing hotel room. You’re about to graduate, right?”
?” Castiel drew a firm line with his lips, eyes turning just a shade stormier and Sam knew it was too late.
Dean swallowed, nodded, and blinked when Cas disappeared with a flurry of wind and feathers. He inhaled deeply, the smell of a thunder storm tickling his nose, and leaned back against his headboard.
Dean smiles and Kim taps his chin, turning and barely brushing past Cas when he returns to the table. The smell of menthol follows him and again Dean kind of hates that he likes it, and even more so because Cas looks significantly less sour than when he originally stepped outside. He’s almost smiling as he sits back down.
And suddenly it all made sense. Castiel had chosen him for a reason that Dean could never figure out. He’d said he needed Dean similarly to how Dean needed him, but he never elaborated. This was it.
It took a long time for Castiel to break, long agonizing seconds. “I apologize, Dean. I just...wasn’t expecting you here, is all. Of course I’m...I’m glad that you’re here. Just, um. ‘S not easy for me. So...be patient with me. Please.”
Castiel smiled a smile that Dean would spend the rest of the night in bed trying to decipher and fail miserably. The damn check got tucked away in his desk drawer, under his magazines, because Cas had been right. He didn’t tear it up and he had every intention on using it. Maybe his dad didn’t believe in him, but someone did. And that thought was very comforting.
“Yes…” Castiel said slowly, resuming his exploration and teasing a sensitive nipple with a finger. “You’re positive she will...protect your privacy?”
“Yeah, yeah, whatever,” Sam grumbled, bent over a thick Calculus book. “Stop pretending you don’t like it. We both know you’re smarter than half the teachers there. The only reason you don’t make A’s is because you don’t try.”
“To a point, yes. And to be clear, I was never actually annoyed or disappointed in you,” Castiel added quickly, looking down at him. “Sometimes when people enter into one of these relationships they crave discipline, they crave pain, they
“I don't…” Dean huffed, fidgeting his hands in his lap. “No, I… that would be stupid, to get like that, just because-”
The Alpha began to purr, or at least that’s what it sounded like to Dean. The sound came from deep in his chest and rumbled outward, his eyes closed as Dean’s hand moved over his head and down his neck, back under his muzzle. He shifted a little closer and rested his nose on Dean’s thigh, scenting the denim of his jeans, damp with snow. He nosed along his thigh gently, and the purring stopped suddenly, turning into another whine. His tongue darted out to lick at the inside seam of his jeans just above his knee, and the blue eyes looked up at him again.
Cas looks concerned but doesn't respond, instead reaching out to take Dean's hand and squeeze it three times. Dean smiles and squeezes back.
“It’s just,” Cas smirks, “you pulled that quote out awfully quick. How recently did you watch that movie?” He bats Dean’s hands away and lifts himself up, almost unsheathing Dean completely, then snaps back down.
Cas leaned back, dropping his hand, and sighing as Dean continued to touch and pet and massage. “The chase...did you know it was a shifter tradition?”
“How far apart are your heats generally?” she asked softly, trying to keep her face as neutral as possible.
“I don’t...I don’t know,” Dean said honestly, stopping in his tracks. She plowed into his leg and he snorted as she fell into the snow, blinking owlishly. “See, that’s what happens when you don’t pay attention.”
cabin- and looked out the window, at the sun streaming through the trees in ribbons and the morning dew slicking the outside of the window. He traced his fingers down his stomach, smiling when he felt the slightest bulge that wasn’t there just mere days ago. Cas had been so busy trying to track down the Alpha camp that Michael had come from that he hadn’t had the chance to show him yet, and he’d gotten in so late the night before that Dean was already asleep.
Castiel opened his mouth to argue, but gave up and sighed. They hadn’t actually done kitchen sex yet, so Dean had a point.
“Slathering greasy burgers on a bun is not magic, Dean,” Sam says grumpily, watching his brother through the window.
"Cas." Dean dips his head, trying to pull his attention to him with his own eyes. When Cas's eyes finally meet his, the electric charge is back, and judging by Cas's rigidity, he can feel it too. Once Cas's eyes seemed to focus completely, he held Dean's gaze like it was his lifeline, the only thing keeping him upright. "What are you doing here?"
“Mmm, usually a little,” Castiel sighed, adjusting his glasses. “Comes with running a company. I’m afraid I may spend too much time doing the hands-on stuff and not enough time in my office, doing…” he waved his hand on the laptop, “this.”
Cas narrows his eyes at him, sending a cold wave of rejection down Dean's spine. He feels blush begin to reach his cheeks, causing rage to build up inside him. The next thing he knows, he's pressed against Cas's front, his arm thrown over his throat, Cas's back pressed against the uneven brick wall.
Dean meets his gaze, his eyes wide from the honesty of Cas's statement. He doesn't think he can be saved, just as Charlie said, he honestly doesn't believe that he's
He stood and helped Dean to his feet, then guided him slowly over to the bed. He sat him down and kissed his forehead, resting his hand on his shoulder for a long moment before crossing the room and opening a small chest beside one of his cases. He knelt down as he rifled through it, then pulled out varying colors and lengths of rope, stacking them in his arms.
Cas sighed and closed his eyes, as if to summon patience, before opening them again. “Yes, Dean, now stop asking me.”
Dean actively tried to untense his shoulders, arching his back so Cas could better reach, inching his fingers closer to his clenching hole. Cas dropped his forehead to Dean's and his mouth hung open slightly as he pulled at Dean’s ass cheek, walking his fingers through the slick. Finally Dean felt a long finger circle his rim, tracing the muscle gently.
Castiel hummed and nodded, propping his head up with a fist and furrowing his brow. “Is that a fear you have now?”
“No,” Dean said, shaking his head and swallowing when Cas squeezed ever so slightly. “Opposite, I think. The effect you have seems to get stronger over time. Can’t see myself ever getting bored of you.”
Mr. Braeden hums. Dean never understood the pairing of Lisa's parents. Mrs. Braeden was every bit as vibrant and bubbly as Lisa, with the same dark hair, complexion, and warm personality. Mr. Braeden had wispy blonde hair that was thinning on top, a pale complexion, and his glasses made him look like a seasoned historian. By comparison, Mr. Braeden was quite dull.
Dean whistles as he looks around the room, making special note of the large flat screen mounted to the wall and the ridiculously fancy marble bathroom, complete with shower
“I don’t think you do,” John said roughly, downing his glass. “Made a fool of me. And even worse, what the hell can I do? I have to work for you. I can’t say a damn thing without worrying about what the hell I’m gonna do when I lose my job, and I can’t afford for that to happen with two boys to take care of.” He paused, huffing a humorless laugh as he poured himself another drink. “Or one. I guess you’re takin’ care of the other one yourself, huh?”
“Thank you,” Dean says roughly, his arms squeezing around Cas, unsure of what he’s even thanking Cas for. The coffee, for not leaving again, for just being
Dean nods distractedly, picking up a tool then discarding it almost immediately. “And what exactly are you looking for?”
“You knotted him and got him pregnant,” Dean said gruffly, fighting and failing the blush rising to his cheeks. Some things never change.
Dean frowned at the floor, tugging at his shirt absently and pulling a loose thread free.  Gaining protection, shelter, food...all for nothing. He couldn’t wrap his head around it.
“Y-yes,” Dean’s cheeks flushed a soft pink and he licked his lips, shifting slightly. He was still slightly hard and the reminder had his blood rushing again. “I don’t think I’ve ever had a crepe before…”
“Speaking of that winning personality, Ellen’s ready to whoop you when she sees you. Somethin’ ‘bout a pretty blonde-"
“You’re so beautiful like this,” Castiel whispered, his hand pausing so he could press his thumb into Dean’s heavily leaking slit. “I’ve never had a Sub this responsive before. This...sensitive to touch. I’m afraid it brings out my crueler side, sweet boy...I just love watching you come apart for me.”
“Point taken,” Castiel nodded in concession. “However, I’m not gay. I don’t experience sexual attraction based on one’s gender. I’m attracted to people whose needs I can fulfill, and who can fulfill mine in return. Gender is not a factor that influences my interest.”
“You enjoyed your breakfast,” Castiel murmured, not really phrasing it as a question but looking at Dean expectantly, raising a brow.
“Good boy,” Castiel praised, gently removing them and pressing them against Dean’s twitching rim. He circled it briefly then plunged the first one inside all the way to the knuckle. Dean whined and pressed back, clamping down on Castiel’s finger as he huffed against the window, breath fogging the glass.
“I very much doubt that,” Castiel sighed, taking Dean’s hand and squeezing it gently. “You felt compelled enough to come banging down my door.”
There’s some mumbling and shuffling from behind the door before Cas pulls it open, and despite it being late Cas still looks like he’s just pulled himself out of bed. He’s dressed minus his shoes, but his hair stuck up all over his head, the blue tint faded from its original bright shade. Something about his face now jars Dean, and it takes him a full minute once he’s inside to realize that he doesn’t have his usual eyeliner on. When he brushes by Dean to go put on his shoes, Dean gets a whiff of some kind of soap, strong enough to make him assume he’d just gotten out of the shower. Usually the smell of cigarettes masked any other scent Cas might have, and it wasn’t like Dean had been able to get close enough to him for any real length of time.
Jack waited a bit more, but Dean just sipped his hot drink and rubbed his bleary eyes. Jack frowned and glanced at Castiel, who seemed at ease around the two brothers. As if he…belonged.
“No,” Cas signs quickly, shaking his head. “This is everything I could’ve ever wanted. It’s everything I don’t deserve.”
Dean turns and braces himself, but Cas doesn't enter him again. Instead Dean hears a vulgar, wet sound...the sound of Cas jerking himself. Dean is overcome with the desire to watch, but the desire to obey Cas is greater, and he stays put.
"What's he going on about?" Fergus asks coldly, shoving his hands in to the pockets of his oversized black jacket.
She stepped back after a moment, sitting down and indicating to Dean to sit again too. “We’re almost done, okay?” She leaned forward and pulled the blanket back up and around Dean’s shoulders. “Now, are you currently sexually active?”
and Dean as he ambles around the house, looking for anything they may have forgotten. Which is silly because Cas has had everything ready to go for days. It’s Dean who’s dragging ass.
“Admittedly, I know nothing when it comes to vehicles,” Castiel said from behind him, his voice closer than Dean expected it to be. He turned his head to see the man craning his neck to see over Dean's shoulder, and he gave him an almost apologetic smile and a shrug. “I suppose I care more about the environmental effect of a car rather than the logistics of them.”
“Okay, okay,” Dean hauled himself up and grabbed her jacket. “Get dressed and we’ll go see what they got cookin’ in the kitchen.”
"If we must." She takes a long drag from her cigarette then drops it to the ground, crushing it with the heel of her boot. She crosses her arms over her chest, the remainder of the cigarette smoke billowing softly out of her nose.
“Cas, he didn’t mean-“ Sam tried to smooth it over, but the angel was paying no attention to the taller brother.
tv in years. He never had the time anymore. He didn’t recognize half the shows on and most of them looked stupid anyway. He finally settled on something called
“Still isn’t,” Castiel chuckled, leaning back. “The looks you give are still going to get you into trouble.”
Dean laid his hands on Cas’s stomach, sliding them up to the flat planes of his chest, to his shoulders, and out across his arms. Cas sighed and closed his eyes, letting his head fall back against the wall.
That last one was actually true. Castiel very sheepishly asked for assistance in changing those damn things a visit or two ago.
here, I’m going to go get dressed and run to the store for a few things. I’ll be back in an hour or so.” She took one last sip of her drink and sat it down on the coffee table. She patted Dean on his shoulder as she passed by his chair. “Castiel, I’m going to give mother a call on my way, and I was wondering if I could tell her if you planned to make it for-”
“...fuck,” Dean bit out as he let his eyes close and head fall back, and Cas took the opportunity to attach himself to the spot at the base of his neck and work his way up, sucking and nipping.
Dean allowed himself to be led back through the doors. Yulia smiled up at them and Castiel grabbed the carrier of coffees from her desk, shoving his other hand in his pocket.
or something.” He shrugged and looked down at Jack. “That’s probably just my imagination, but the eyesight…the sense of smell. It’s all still there, way more heightened than it was before I became pregnant. I swear sometimes I can hear your heart beating from across the room. And my weird cravings I got while I was pregnant never went away. Still want meat all the time.”
Cas wordlessly reached between Dean’s legs, stroking his cock and bringing his fingers to Dean’s mouth. Dean wrapped his lips around them, sucking them in, lapping up his own seed from Cas’s hand. Cas growled in satisfaction, his breath hot on Dean’s neck, and the third orgasm pulsed inside Dean in thick waves.
John blinked, faltered, his hand lowering when he realized what he was doing. He shook his head, swallowing roughly. “Dean, I-“
Dean turned his head to see Rory scowling at him and poked his tongue out. Missouri clicked her tongue and eyed them both with fond amusement.
“So I was thinking we could do game night tonight,” Chuck said to anyone who was listening. “Fireworks aren’t until after dark tomorrow night, so I think spending the first one just at the lakehouse would be nice.”
“It’s almost Christmas,” Cas signs, “and you’re supposed to spend Christmas with family. That short time with you made you feel more like my family than my actual family does. I wanted to spend it here, with you, if you’ll have me.” He sighs and hesitantly reaches out, taking Dean’s hand and squeezing. “If not, I understand. I know I don’t deserve to ask you for anything.”
Cas’s eyes widened marginally and he glanced over at Rory’s door and swallowed hard. “Oh, well I, um. Dean, I...I haven’t really...had the chance to talk to Rory yet...about us.” He sighed and chewed his lip. “I mean, I would really,
A knock at his door has him throwing a confused glance over his shoulder, and he plucks the cigarette from his lips and ashes it in the tray on his kitchen table before placing it back between his lips and taking a long drag. After another long look at the sketch he drops it back to the table and makes his way to the door and opens it, not at all prepared for the pair of green eyes staring back at him that perfectly complete the picture he just held in his hands. He exhales, smoke billowing from his mouth and nose.
His mother was a once well-to-do lawyer who fell into a bad way with worse people. He wants to remember her as she was before the man, but he can only remember the person she became after. Of her raspy, smoke-ruined voice coaxing him to sleep; a voice that once sang him beautiful lullabies as soft hands rubbed soothingly over his back, his hair. Images of her battered face, her blackened eyes which she eventually just stopped attempting to cover with makeup. How she was once strong enough to stand up for herself, for her children, but even the strongest of warriors can be beaten into place. She stopped fighting, stopped caring, decided the easiest way for them to survive was to just give in entirely.
, yes, I will always put my foot down and make the decisions.” Cas snapped back. “I won’t apologize for doing what I think is best to ensure your health. What I’m
“Sometimes, possibly,” Castiel nodded. “It’s almost inevitable. Humans, by nature, are unpredictable and highly emotional creatures. Scenes are intense, intimate, at times demeaning to the Submissive. If the Sub, or the Dom even, is not in the right state of mind when entering the scene...yes, things can go wrong.”
“We don’t have to tonight, I don’t want to keep you up or anything, I just...I dunno. I wanted to tell you that tonight...for some reason.”
Even as Dean spoke, he felt hypocritical. Just that weekend he was bent over a dresser having his brains fucked out by Castiel, a guy he barely knows, and he definitely isn't in love with him. He isn't in love with Lisa, but that doesn't stop them from dancing in the sheets from time to time. Sweet, pure Lisa, who deserves better. At least deserves to know Dean's confusion over his own sexuality. But the admission would open a whole new myriad of problems...
He eyed the joint and shook his head. Dean didn’t want anything impairing him while around the Alpha, even if said Alpha seemed relatively harmless compared to others. Dean licked his lips and sighed, happy to be sitting for a moment, and on such a comfortable pillow too. Much better than the ones he’d scrounged up back at what he’d called home.
“Castiel never liked people,” John snorted. “Preferred his gadgets and whatnot. Never even dated I don’t think. Can’t say I blame him. He was roughed up in school, bullied a lot.”
John looked like he didn’t believe him, but dropped the subject since they had a guest. “Well, say hello to Castiel. You two haven’t seen each other in a while, huh?”
Dean turned his head, refusing to look at the angel. Afraid of what he might see. Disgust. Anger. Rejection. Neither of which Dean could take from Cas right now. Or ever.
Cas rubs a circle over Dean's hole before pushing the tip of a finger in, and Dean cries out and clenches wildly around him.
A smile pulls at Dean’s lips. “It’s called derby pie, and it ain’t nothin’ but pecan pie sprinkled with chocolate chips.” He huffs and waves a dismissive hand. “I’ll have to thank her.”
Sam sighs and lays his arms in the window, resting his chin on top of them. “I’m talking about it too much, aren’t I?”
“Why not?” Dean couldn’t help the slight whine in his voice, and he didn’t care if he sounded like the brat that Castiel said he was. “Look at me. I’m fine. And I hate to point it out again, but you never let me come…”
“No, he’s not,” Dean said, pulling her small hand into his much bigger one. “Papa is just worried. He just wants to make sure me and the pup are...are okay.”
Cas's tone didn't leave room for argument, and so Dean took his overly sensitive cock in hand and began to stroke it slowly. Cas watched him intently, glowing blue eyes flitting back and forth between Dean's face and his cock.
Dean sipped at his tea, making a face at it, then set the cup down gingerly. “Nowhere,” he grunted, hands falling onto his lap and fidgeting.
It should worry Dean that he barely looks up from Cas’s CD collection to answer. “Hadn’t really thought much about it.”
“I find it fascinating and...disconcerting,” Cas tilted his head. “When I was human, it took exhaustion for me to finally sleep. I was terrified of it, but after a while I found it very...well…”
Cas pulled him in for another kiss as soon as Dean began to pull away, tugging his lip between his teeth and smoothing it over with his tongue. Dean felt him wince when he moved a particular way, but he continued pulling Dean toward him despite that, his hands finding their way under his shirt.
Dean wants to argue but he keeps his mouth closed, the true realization of Cas’s transparency floating back to the surface of his thoughts.
Dean’s grip on the counter tightened and he nodded stiffly, swallowing hard. Castiel’s jaw was set, his stare intense and serious, shoulders squared in a straight line. Dean looked at him with wide eyes turned down in the corners, subconsciously leaning toward him.
Missouri shrugged. “It’s not unheard of. They can’t reproduce, but there’s nothin’ sayin’ they can’t fall in love.”
Cas shifts on his feet and looks down then away, migrating slowly to the guitar and running a hand over the neck of it. He picks it up and strums a few chords, then moves to the couch and sits, strumming to no particular tune that Dean recognizes.
Dean snorts. “It’s fine, Sam. I understand. Not fair of me to expect you to stick around here, anyway. And honestly… can’t even be mad about who you ended up with. Eileen’s perfect.”
Dean slid his hand up Cas’s side, kissing him again and pulling away when the Alpha tried to deepen it. Cas gave him the slightest of growls and Dean chuckled. “Pup,” he said, pointing to Rory, then gestured at the futon. “Not pup friendly.”
Still...such a strange gift for someone who barely knew him to give. He’d heard of charity cases like this; people footing the bill for college or housing for those who couldn’t otherwise facilitate. But Castiel barely knew Dean, had only met him a handful of times, and most of their meetings had been rather ordinary, save for the one in which he’d made a comment that Dean had almost convinced himself never happened. It hadn’t been mentioned since, and in fact, Castiel seemed utterly unbothered by Dean’s presence at subsequent meetings, save for the occasional staring. But even that was in such a way that Dean could write it off as almost anything else.
“Oh,” was all Dean could manage, not really understanding and not caring either. He flexed his fingers, pinned to his sides, and found that was absolutely trapped. He couldn’t move anything save for his head and the tips of is fingers, perhaps his toes if he tried. Dean vaguely wondered that he should probably feel afraid, or nervous at the very least, but he felt none of that. It was weirdly comfortable and he trusted Castiel, not even considering the fact that he was completely helpless to the man now. He was safe and knew this down to his core.
They ordered and the waiter brought them a basket of bread and a bottle of wine, which Castiel poured for both of them. Dean raised a brow, looking pointedly between him and his glass, but Castiel just shrugged. Dean cast a quick look around the room before raising the glass to his lips and taking a sip. It wasn’t as terrible as other wines he’d had, but then, he’d only ever had dirt cheap wine to compare it to.
Dean considers the encounter for a long moment, his eyes darting back and forth as the scene plays out in his head. The kissing, the groping, the grinding, tongues and teeth and nails, and...
job to take care of him. It was your father’s. And now he’s growing into a young man who can more than begin taking care of himself, and soon he’s not going to need you for anything anymore. And the idea of that scares the hell out of you.” Castiel sat his glass down again and leaned forward, his clasped hands falling between his knees. “It’s also why you’re here tonight, arguing with me over money that you and I both know you want to keep, to go to a school you and I both know you want to go to. You can’t accept the help, because you never
Dean almost laughs out loud at that thought. Of course he wants to talk to him. Even while laying on that blacktop coughing up blood, all Dean wanted was to see him, to touch him, to hear his deep rumble of a voice break through the ringing in his head.
Horror slowly dawned on him and he hung his head slightly as he realized he’d just threatened this pack’s Alpha. Dean wanted to slap himself. He came here for a new start, not to be mauled five minutes after stepping through the door.
He hadn’t realized that Castiel had been saying his name until Castiel opened the door a little wider and stepped forward, pulling the door almost closed behind him, dipping his head to catch Dean’s gaze.
Castiel spanked him again, and again, alternating between the belt and his hand, and Dean sobbed and groaned with each one, his orgasm held at bay, building and building-
“Okay, just,” he waved his hand and looked around guiltily, but no one seemed to be paying attention. Dean clicked his tongue and knelt down to her level, giving her a hard look. “How did you know about that? What are you doing out in the forest at night anyway?”
Dean hummed, taking a sip of the beer Anael had insisted was fine for him to drink. No one seemed to notice or care, anyway. Castiel was down at the water with Michael, Luc, and a few of the kids, dutifully throwing each one into the water and laughing as they continued to line up to go again and again, squealing in delight. The oldest of their kids was Michael and Hannah’s daughter Ariel, who couldn’t have been more than 12 or 13. He also had twin boys, Micah and Gadreel, who were 7, and another daughter Lailah, who was 4. Luc and Kali’s girls, Dumah and Zuriel, both looked to be under the age of 10 as well.
Dean grit his teeth, his head bending forward as he presses his face into the bloody stain. No, he wouldn’t have. Because he was a fucking coward. Because he ran away from anything that was real. Cas had always been there.
“He really has no need,” Castiel mumbled, following Dean to the Impala and sliding into the passenger seat. “He’s one of my hardest workers. I have no reason to terminate him.”
We know there are still many questions to be answered, which is why this fic will have a sequel! Thank you to everyone who followed this story for the inspiration. You helped us fall in love with our story over and over again. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
“Not that I know of.” She shook her head. “He’s not necessarily in the habit of keeping people close to begin with, but favors? No. If he’s sticking his neck out, he must have a lot of faith in you.”
“Do it!” Dean shouted, hoping to hell Sam wasn’t home to hear all of this. “You controlling, homophobic piece of-“
Castiel smiled slightly and shook his head. “It is not just the sex. I think it’s also the emotions involved. I’ve loved you for years, but kept myself...my feelings distant. Locked away, in fear of losing you should you find out. I suppose, in a way, since you’ve reciprocated those feelings, perhaps the bond has opened up and grown more intense.”
“What?” Castiel turned and shook his head quickly. “Yes, I'm fine. I'm sorry. It's just… his scent. It's… potent.”
Mr. Braeden hums again. "Shame. He sure is a busy man. Admirable, too, taking care of you boys all by himself."
He licked his lips and glanced back at the spell Sam had found for him. It was nice and simple, the incantation engraved into his brain. Cas thought he was overreacting. After all, it wasn’t like he had to cut very deep. Dean was normally very confident in his skills with a knife, but he also didn’t make a habit of having the love of his life under the blade either.
Cas eyes the mug, then looks to Dean and picks it up, wrapping his hands around it and taking a couple of long sips. Once he’s drained close to half the cup, he sits it back down and starts strumming again. When he finally breaks into the chorus of the song, Dean recognizes the melody and squeezes his eyes shut, looking away. Cas continues to play, however, and when Dean looks back, Cas is watching him with an almost reverent sadness. Dean licks his lips and swallows the lump in his throat, singing out the words softly.
“What?” Dean frowned up at him, pulling away slightly. “You mean you’re...you’re gonna have to come back again?”
“Mean.” Cas pouted up at him and Dean chuckled, giving him another kiss then settling into his chair.
“All of it, Omega,” Cas said, catching Dean’s eyes and holding the gaze. “I happen to like it, knowing my seed is growing, that you’re carrying our pup...I like it very much.”
He sighed and sent it, then pointedly pushed his phone aside. His knee bounced as he waited for the screen to light up and before he knew it class was over and Castiel still hadn’t replied.
,” Dean corrected himself before he had the chance to royally fuck up. “No. I would not be bothered, not at all.”
“Just think of it as an investment,” Cas says, twirling his lighter between his fingers. “Trust me, you’ll get a lot of use out of it. Especially if I have any say in the matter.”
“Dean,” Cas brought his hand to his lips, kissing his knuckles, blue eyes locked onto green. “First of all, you don’t cause me anymore stress than any other mate would. It’s part of being in a relationship. I realize you don’t have much experience, but I want to assure you that fighting or misunderstandings happen with any couple.” He tilted his head and let Dean’s finger splay across neck. “Your heats are natural and as an Alpha, I’m perfectly equipped to take care of you during them. Pregnancy is always stressful, none of that was purely your doing. As for the Omega ring...that was rough on both of us. On everyone.”
“Yeah, and he was.” He pointed at Dean and raised a brow. “But nerds rule the world, son. Remember that.” He tapped him on the arm. “Alright, get outta my way.”
“You don’t have a mark,” Jack replied, turning his attention back to the scar. Sam went quiet, his mind turning. Dean was silent too, watching Jack intently.
Bobby curses and hobbles his way inside the diner and Dean cracks a smile as he hears the old man barking. Truth be told he’s a little worried about Bobby. His health issues were no laughing matter and running the garage is taking its toll. Dean brought up retirement once and Bobby hadn’t talked to him for days afterwards. Dean hasn’t broached the subject again, but he knew he’d have to soon. The man simply couldn’t keep up this work pace anymore. Sam doesn’t understand why Dean is so stubborn about getting Bobby to settle down. If the garage closed, so did the diner. Dean supposes that scares him a little, but the thought of losing the diner just didn’t matter to him as much. It’d been little more than a passion project; something he liked to do and happened to make some money off of. Dean only likes it as much as he does because of the people he works with. Sam is starting a new life, though. Benny only works part time now. Charlie has a real job and only works during the summer on most occasions, unless she needs the extra cash. And Cas…
Dean holds back a growl from the fact that while this Gabe was running around on some luxurious vacation his brother was walking the streets, half starving. True, it’s Cas’s choice to live this kind of life, but it still grated on Dean’s nerves.
“Probably not,” Castiel sighed tiredly and Dean finally noticed the bags under his eyes, more prominent than usual. “I was just going to take a shower. Forgot to do so before I left.”
Dean opens and closes his mouth a few times before speaking. “Well, I… us. I mean, I know we're not, I know this isn't, ah…”
Now looking at it he realizes it’s actually kind of good, especially considering it was scrawled in a half-drunken state, and Cas gets a new wave of inspiration, deciding that there wouldn’t be any harm in finishing it. He throws away the rest of the trash on the table and blots softly at the sketch with a balled up paper towel, his cigarette hanging out the corner of his mouth.
“What’s wrong with your vessel?” Dean asked, trying to focus on anything other than the grace flowing across his skin.
Dean snorted a laugh and fished out the keys from his pocket. “I told him he was being too damn obvious.”
“First of all, so what if you’re male?” Garth shrugged. “We have other male Omegas right here in the compound. They’re rare, but less so than you may think. And I’m very sorry that your dad saw you that way, but that’s not what Omegas are. They’re not ‘for’ anyone, or anything. Omegas are people, just like Betas and Alphas. They’re...cherished, even. Objectification of Omegas is a very archaic way of thinking.”
“Better than dad’s reaction, anyway,” Dean snorted, scrubbing his teeth while Castiel meandered into his ridiculously huge closet to search for clothes. It was strange for Castiel to be going to work while Dean stayed home. He felt like a 50’s housewife or something. “Speaking of dad, good luck with all that today.”
“...Fine,” he growled, taking a step back. He didn’t sit back down, though, and paced the small space of the cabin.
Dean hummed quietly as he added some bacon to the pan. For a few minutes the only sounds were that of the sizzle and pop of food cooking. “Never really thought of that before,” he said in a soft voice, sliding the eggs and bacon onto a plate.
Castiel just gave him a childlike grin, stepping away to rifle through Dean’s bag. He shoved a pair of trunks into his hands and took it upon himself to pull a shirt over his head. Dean chuckled and put his arms through the holes, shaking his head as he pulled on the trunks.
you to replace them.” He looked down and shrugged shyly. “Not sayin’ this first time is gonna be easy for me, cause I don’t know. And your patience might be worn thin by the end of it, but I want to move on now. He’s dead… he’s gone. He can’t hurt me or any other Omega anymore.”
The way Cas says his name sends a new jolt of pleasure through Dean, and he's strangely relaxed by Cas's odd technique of giving praise while in the middle of something so risque and vulgar, but it works for both of them, Dean responding to every word with a moan or whimper.
Cas rolled his eyes, turning stiffly and bracing himself with a hand on Dean's shoulder. “Stop talking about me like I'm gonna break. I'll be fine.”
Dean glances up at the tiny mirror above the stove, checking his blue spiked hair and his eyeliner, which is heavily smeared. He loves cooking, but the steam does horrible things to his eyeliner.
“Well, you’re certainly not weak,” Dean assures him. “And anyway, everyone has their weak moments. Kinda part of being human. That’s why we have family, friends...unbelievably handsome and devoted boyfriends. To help in those moments.”
Dean grumbled as he shoveled a forkful of eggs into his mouth and chewed obnoxiously, and Cas looked at him just as he imagined he might- with the face of a long-suffering friend asking himself exactly how and why he fell in love with the man in front of him. In the end, Cas said nothing, and somehow the blatant disregard for Dean’s infantile behavior was more humiliating than the behavior itself.
Dean swallows hard and his dick twitches in his jeans. He exhales sharply and focuses intently on the road, trying to ignore that intense stare.
The wolf sat up and tilted its head again, but made no move forward. Dean chuckled and turned, starting to walk back the way he came. He heard crunching snow behind him and turned back, and the wolf stopped in its tracks. Its tail hung non-threateningly between its back legs, its front legs together. It looked at him expectantly, and Dean huffed a laugh and kept walking, knowing it was following closely behind.
Cas tongued the inside of his cheek. “Well, good. I need to speak with him about organizing a group to go out looking for the camp. Gotta be some secret underground camp, or...maybe one of the camps I’m aware of running as a front for their operation…”
So came the somewhat serious ideas. Exercise more, which he crossed out almost immediately. It’s not that he didn’t want to. It’s just that if Sam caught wind of it, the dude would go Mad Trainer on his ass and Dean would probably end up dying on a treadmill from pure exhaustion.
Dean waited until he felt it was around a proper dinner time, if not a little early, and made the trek to Cas’s cabin. The wind had died down some but it was colder than it had been earlier in the day, and another probably quarter inch of snow and ice had been piled on top of what was leftover from the last storm. It was getting dark and Dean passed a handful of people on his way up, none of which paid much attention to him. By the time he finally made it up the hill his nose was frozen and running, and he wiped it irritably on his sleeve. He stood in front of the door and took a deep breath, pulling his jacket down in the front, and knocked.
“You know,” he started conversationally, “you’re the first Sub to become this aroused by being fed.”
Jack beamed and nodded. He surged forward, pulling Dean into a tight hug that the hunter only returned so it would end.
But then, how does one broach the subject of maybe possibly being related to someone you’ve never met before? Would it even change anything? Cas, thankfully, hadn’t pushed it too much, but he was more than supportive of Dean finding out. He thought it would be good for Dean, to have family, to give him the sense of blood family he never got...especially with someone as good as Sam. The whiffs of Sam’s scent that Dean got when he walked the compound was nice. He smelled strongly of what Dean remembered of his mother, for whom Dean only had positive thoughts of- that is, up until she let his father convince her to abandon him. As an Omega, though, it’s not like she had much of a choice in the matter. Or at least, that’s what Dean tells himself, because the thought of his mother willingly giving him up was too painful to consider.
not embarrassed by you. I’m actually really proud of you. You had the courage to go out and do what you wanted to do. Not a lot of people can do that.”
Cas sighed and brushed his thumb across Dean’s cheek, smiling softly when he leaned into the touch. “We’re gonna find it. I won’t stop until we do.”
Dean took in an unsteady breath and curled himself into Castiel’s chest. He sighed when he felt those strong arms wrap around him, holding him tight and close. He pressed his ear flush against Castiel’s pectoral and closed his eyes, listening to the steady heartbeat and the gentle breathing. Castiel stroked his hair and whispered words Dean was only half paying attention to as he worked to put his mind back together. There was no telling what had made it come apart, why he had felt so terrified he’d been willing to break his wrists just to slip the cuffs. And he couldn’t seem to get his heart to settle or his stomach to stop clenching painfully. Dean almost felt sick and swallowed thickly, his mouth full of saliva. After some rough breathing, the nausea subsided and Dean slowly opened his eyes.
“Not in the way you saw, though,” Castiel tilted his head. “Though we will get there, sweet boy. I’m taking my time with you, savoring it as well as taking precaution to not rush you into this. You’re still very new and I’m still learning how you tick. I haven’t taken you nor have I been so rough or unhinged with you as I was with her that night. You’re jealous because you think she had something with me that you don’t.”
my Subs. It’s just like any other relationship. One ends and, eventually, another begins.” He tilted his head, tapping a finger on his knuckles. “You know I had past Subs. I don’t understand why you’re suddenly so upset about it.”
Dean watches him, his features softening, his tongue resting behind his teeth. Dean. He'd called him Dean. Not pretty boy, not freckles...but by his real name. It sends an inexplicable warmth through him, and his anger dissipates a little.
“It’s safe,” Castiel assured him. “It’s really not as far as it looks. Water’s deep. No rocks. I wouldn’t let you do it if I even thought-”
“Maybe just a little,” he said quietly, the corner of his mouth twitching. “I suppose if she does get one thing from me, it’s the perseverance to go after what she really wants.”
“I'll need to change the dressings first thing in the morning, but he should be fine tonight. Keep an eye out for signs of infection, swelling, fever.” Missouri patted him gently on the back. “Bed early. Take it easy.”
Dean looked up at Castiel with wide eyes. Castiel sat his bags at the door and motioned him forward, falling into step just behind him, a comforting hand on the small of his back. They rounded the corner to the living room, where John was sitting in his chair, the tv on and the sound down low, a mostly drained glass of whiskey in his hand. The bottle by his side was almost full, though, so it didn’t seem like he’d been at it long.
Dean shrugged and looked down, feeling really stupid now. But none of it made sense. Cas is Alpha, and these are his Omegas. Yet he doesn’t seem to mate with any of them, none of these pups are his, and he even allows other Alphas in for their heats.
But he talked to Missouri and he talked to Garth, and by the time Cas returned he was able to tell him about the life growing inside him with a smile. His “rainbow baby”, as Missouri had called it. He was done being weak, he was done being scared. He decided he was going to be happy and strong from here on out, because he had no reason
"I need to see him." Dean stands, pulling his backpack onto his shoulder. Charlie stands as well, sighing as she reaches into his shirt pocket and pulls out his phone. She types something into it, her small fingers flying over the touchscreen skillfully. When she hands it back, she's typed in an address located downtown. Dean immediately recognizes it as the low-income apartments beside the market that he frequents with Bobby and Ellen on the weekends before heading back to their place.
Dean huffed and rubbed at his neck. He was being stupid. Castiel wasn’t like that, he was sure of it. At least, he really hoped he wasn’t like that.
“Boy, I could fuck you until you were a boneless heap on that bed in there and you’d still wake up with a Castiel Novak-approved apartment near Kansas University. Don’t test the limits I will go to when it comes to you. You’ll find I have none.”
He turned and disappeared between two seemingly empty cabins, only relaxing once he was behind them and out of sight of any people. He walked slowly along the tree line back up toward his own cabin, kicking snow as he went. One Beta was outside beating dust out of a rug, his Omega talking to him and wrapping her arms protectively around the pup strapped to her chest. She took a cautious step backward when Dean passed, the first person that seemed to show any kind of wariness toward him since he got to the compound, and it made Dean feel a little guilty. He also understood her fears; he'd been surprised so many had been so welcoming with him. She was rightfully and understandably cautious. It probably made her a better mother.
love Dean. All I can ask is that you try to understand that while this was not our plan, we don’t regret it. You can hate me all you want, but don’t take it out on your son.”
Castiel’s voice was soft, his eyes gentle, head tilted to the side. He reached out and pried Dean’s fist open, squeezing his hand.
“Yes,” he husked out, his cock twitching in Cas’s hand. “Wanna feel you. Inside. Make me forget, make those memories go away.”
“Yeah, well.” Dean refuses to tell him how difficult the last couple of months were for him, or how half the time he didn’t even want to get out of bed, much less look at himself in the mirror or take particular pride in his appearance. He takes a deep breath and motions at Cas. “You’re looking…” he lets out the breath and gives him a disapproving look, “well, frankly, you’re looking too skinny. Dunno where you’ve been or what you’ve been up to but I could kick your ass for not taking better care of yourself.”
Cas leans up and captures Dean's lips with his own, laying a hand on his cheek as he slots their tongues together. Dean moans into it, kissing back briefly before remembering himself and taking Cas’s shoulders, pulling him back.
Dean’s heart clenched, but he steeled himself, picking a spot on Castiel’s jacket and staring as he spoke. “I want to hear you say it.”
Dean tensed and looked ahead at the wall. “I think…” he said carefully, “you have reasons not to be seen with me.”
“And I s’pose I better start teachin’ those girls all I know, cause I’m gonna need to retire to come on up here and help you care for ‘em all.”
Dean lowers the volume as he pulls up to the house. The Braedens are nice enough, but they both have a strict aura about them that commands respect, not to mention some overtly Christian values that they impress upon him whenever he's invited over for dinner. He's not so sure that Mr. Braeden would allow his only daughter to ride off in a car that's blaring "Highway to Hell".
“Dad,” Dean continued, “he’s not gonna fire you. You’re one of the best he has. You and I both know if he’s gonna fire anyone, it’s gonna be the assholes who slack off. Like Gordon.”
“Hey, Mr.- uh, Cas- Castiel,” Sam said uncertainly, leaning up between the seats. “What are you doin’ here?”
Dean woke to Castiel nipping at his ear, hovering over him, caging Dean’s body with his arms and legs. He nipped softly and kissed behind his ear, pulling back to kiss his lips as Dean groggily rubbed at his eyes.
, and Cas grunted as the movement pulled at his knot. It pulsed again, the second orgasm hitting the Alpha, pumping into the Omega below. Dean keened happily, his purr ripping from his chest loudly, and he clenched down on Cas to make sure he got every drop. Not that he needed to; Cas’s knot was swollen wide, stretching Dean nice and full, the knot of an Alpha in rut.
“Still think they’re all the same?” Cas says with a smug look, hands in his pockets as he leans back against the wall.
But he let them go, anyway. They would be far too concerned with Sam’s wellbeing to do anything for a while, and in any case, who would they turn to? Castiel was God, and even the King of Hell was afraid to move against him. One final warning before he left, and the last thing Castiel saw was Sam falling to his knees as the memories of Hell overwhelmed his mind.
He pulled off again after a while, when Dean was a moaning mess, so close to orgasm he could taste it. Castiel chuckled when he whined, giving Dean’s cock a few quick strokes before squeezing the base.
One of Cas's tribe clears his throat, and Dean really notices them for the first time, swinging his head around both ways to take them all in. To his left there's Charlie, Cas's best friend, an attractive redhead with alabaster skin and a fetish for ripped clothing. She eyes him warily, an unreadable expression on her face, her black-stained lips drawn into somewhat of a pout.
And Dean realized, suddenly, why Castiel didn’t touch the other Omegas. Why he hardly reacted to Dean’s scent. And why none of these other pups were his. He already had his family.
Dean had to consciously keep himself from leaning forward into Castiel’s space and pressing their lips together. He leaned back against the counter, pointedly eyeing the food, and Castiel cleared his throat and pulled back as well, taking the plate of fish in his hand and feeding Dean another forkful. The rest of the meal was spend in a tense- but not unpleasant- silence, and Castiel quickly cleaned up after they were finished, putting the leftovers in a container for Dean to take with him for dinner.
This is Lauren and Sydney's personal take on the world of A/B/O, so there may be aspects that are different than what you're used to reading with A/B/O lore.
“I’m glad to hear that,” Castiel said softly, and he sat down on one of the chairs at his small table. “Garth said you came to him yesterday, and I spoke with Missouri this morning. I’m glad you’re taking advantage of the different kinds of help we have to offer here.”
“Um, thank you,” he said, feeling completely awkward and lost on how to act around this girl. “You, too. Eyes. They’re nice.” Like Alpha’s. Her eyes are actually the only things she seemed to share with Castiel. Although...besides the red hair, she didn’t look much like Charlie either.
Charlie gasped and barely concealed a squeal, grasping Dean’s arm tightly. “Are you telling me while I bummed around playing Mario Kart you were having a sexy weekend with Mr. Tall, Dark, and Handsome?”
understand...after all, I knew how uncomfortable you would be if I told you that watching you sleep is my favorite activity because it’s the only time I get to see the you unplagued by the next impending apocalypse. It’s...why I never told you a lot of things, really.”
“Yoga?” Dean wrinkled his nose, trying to picture himself contorted into different positions. “Not sure I’m flexible enough for yoga.” He paused and turned his head to look at Cas. “Be...fun to see you do it, though.” Now
Dean shrugged and looked down at their laps, chewing the inside of his cheek. “I just...seem to cause you a lot of stress. My heats, the pregnancy, the Omega ring situation...and if you really don’t want to do the chase, we won’t.” He glanced back up, a worried frown on his face. “I feel like the subject has gotten out of control, when all I wanted was to just let you know I was open to it. If it was something you wanted or needed…”
Dean sighed inwardly. On one hand, Rory couldn’t help she had grown up in a prosperous camp and therefore had food on a regular basis whenever she wanted. On the other hand, Dean felt it may be time for her to learn that the food supply was not infinite. Dean knew this could just be his own experience of nearly starving his whole life influencing his opinion on the matter, but even so…
Dean also knew Cas was big. “The size of your Chrysler building.” He tried not to blush when he thought of Cas being
The hood thunks into place and Dean stares down at the dull black surface, the night air cooling his sweaty skin. She doesn’t look so good right now, but Dean finds her beautiful anyway. Baby is his home, no matter what. He cares for her more than any man should for a car. Sam didn’t always understand it and Bobby just plain thinks it’s weird, but Dean doesn’t care. He loves her and he’ll nurture her until she’s purring to life once again. Even she makes him hurt and bleed for it. For every scrape and cut and bruise he’s given, a piece of her is restored.
“Oh…” Dean trailed off, losing his fight with his confused libido. But, like, what guy wouldn’t get hard to some pulsing heat surrounding his cock?
“Well, if you can deal with me, I can deal with him,” Dean shrugs, feeling completely silly once again. He’s not usually like this, but with Cas his emotions run rampant. His blase attitude on dating and sex goes out the window, leaving him a possessive asshole he barely recognizes.
“I look at you like you’re the only person in the room because to me, you are,” Cas said, his hand sliding to Dean’s neck and stroking his jaw with his thumb. “At the end of the day, you- our
“Look, Cas,” Dean said finally, still too afraid to look up into intense blue eyes, afraid of what he might find there. “I know this was, um...that a...line was crossed-”
Dean swallowed the last of his eggs, his eyes darting around nervously. This pup was by herself, with no Omega in sight. Maybe she thought Dean could be her Omega for the day. Which was so not happening. He hoped this wasn’t Castiel’s idea, because Dean was by no means ready to start looking after pups.
“Cas, baby,” Dean sighs, gesturing towards him. Cas just shrugs and Dean takes it upon himself to pull off Cas’s shoes, then his jacket (one that magically appeared in his closet and somehow fit Cas perfectly), before plopping down next to him.
“Yeah, okay. Calm down, now. That's okay. Listen here, I'll personally guard your cabin tonight, alrigh’? You don't gotta worry about nothin’.” He swallowed and pushed the door open, exiting and pushing it closed behind him.
Dean just shrugged modestly and watched Castiel dip Lailah’s toes into the water, still rubbing her back as he waded further in. He stopped when the water reached her waist and spun in slow circles, then faster, making her giggle and kick at the water with her feet.
Cas huffs and smiles sadly. “Are you always this articulate?” he signs, eyes twinkling with his smile.
"It's a hobby," Cas concedes, sitting back down at the table and clasping his hands together in front of him. He's quiet for a long moment before he finally says: "Tattooing is the goal. Eventually. I'm working on a portfolio."
“Want… everything you can give me,” Dean finally whispered, shivering slightly as his overheated skin began to cool in the chill of the cabin. The temperature outside wasn't quite chilly enough for a fire, but it was enough that they were having to bundle Jack in extra blankets.
It’s pretty much what Dean expects, but it doesn’t hurt any less. He hurriedly slides out of bed and pointedly ignores Cas as he jerkily dresses himself. Cas is fuming in his place on the bed as Dean slides his phone and keys into his pocket and turns back to him.
“Right. Smart, but...you don’t necessarily have to be in heat to get pregnant either, baby. ‘Specially that way, I’d imagine.”
Dean managed a few hours of sleep that night, and he woke surprisingly refreshed. He could hear people milling about outside, so it must be decently late. The sun shone brightly off the snow out of his window, and he threw the covers off and slid off the bed, immediately throwing on a dry pair of pants and a flannel over his t-shirt. He didn’t have much when he came, but the few outfits he had badly needing patching and cleaning. He’d need to ask someone where to go to wash clothes around here.
“My bedroom,” Castiel said, touching Dean gently on the arm before moving around him to start the water in the tub. He held his hand under the water until he deemed it warm enough, then crossed over to the cabinet, pulling out a loofah and a couple of small bottles. “These are epsom salt and lavender oil,” he explained. “Both are used for relaxation, but you’ll see me using the salt often, as it helps to soothe sore muscles.”
“Cas and Gabriel were really close,” Anael said slowly, choosing her words carefully. “They were less than two years apart in age, polar opposites…” she smiled, “but I think that’s what made them such a good team, you know? Cas was always quiet, shy, real introverted. Gabriel was outspoken, sociable. Always pushing Cas outside of his comfort zone. I was only 12 when he passed, Cas was 16. But it hasn’t really gotten...easier for him through the years. Their relationship isn’t something I can really explain...or anyone, for that matter. But they had a connection that none of the rest of us did. But I think perhaps...perhaps Cas relied on him a little too heavily sometimes, and when he passed he just...he didn’t know how to
Castiel opened his mouth and closed it again, then licked his lips quickly and shrugged half-heartedly. “You’ve been drinking. It’s unsafe for you to drive.”
Dean lets out a slow breath and leans against the bar, sinking down onto his forearms. Cas barely glances up at him and looks down again, but Dean’s stare never wavers, and Cas fidgets under it. Sam gives Dean one more look before he walks over to the table, and Dean continues to stare at the spot that Cas would be if Sam hadn’t purposefully blocked his view. Sam comes back after a moment, waving a ticket in Dean’s face and saying something that Dean doesn’t have the mental capacity to understand at this moment, and he finally tears his eyes away from Cas to look at Sam.
Dean swallowed, a shiver of excitement or fear running through him...he couldn’t be sure which. “Yeah.”
“So how are ya likin’ the compound so far?” She asked cheerily, shoving her hands in her pockets. Her long hair was pulled into a low ponytail that was slung over her shoulder and curly at the end.
“171,” she said finally with a smile and nod. “Much better. Finally gettin’ some meat on those bones.”
“I’m sure, Cas,” he said firmly. “Look, I’m...I’m always gonna have these scars. I’ll probably never like my body because of them. But the memories...I can control that. And I don’t want them anymore. You can replace them. I
“Well, I don’t know, Bobby,” Dean says, turning away from the man and heading back to the car, mallet in hand. “Got not more clue than you do.”
Benny smiled and passed Dean a fishing rod. Dean eyed it curiously as he followed Benny to the river, a comfortable silence between the two.
“Actually, yeah,” Dean lets out a breath, appreciative for the distraction. “I, uh. I never got around to getting rid of it, after...well, you know. It’s all still here… well, all in the closet, along with the, uh...the case-” he nods over to his bedroom door, “still here, for whenever you want it.”
They arrive at the school several minutes later and Dean parks the Impala, cutting the engine. There's a steady stream of students in snazzy suits and long flowing dresses, hair and makeup done to the point that Dean finds the majority of them unrecognizable. He does, to his surprise, see Charlie making her way inside, and he watches her for a moment while Lisa reapplies her lipstick for the fifth time that night. He's always a little shocked at the contrast of color on Charlie, from her ridiculously pale skin to her fire engine red hair and her perpetually black wardrobe. Tonight she's wearing what appears to be a short black corset dress, strapless, with the bottom almost like a gothic tutu, the fringe falling around the tops of her thin thighs like the branches of a willow tree. Her shoes are a slight variation to her normal clunky black Doc Martens, taller lace-up boots with thin high heels. Her hair is thrown up messily with tendrils framing her face and she's wearing a black choker and thick black bands on either wrist, making her look more like she belongs in a dominatrix bar instead of at a high school homecoming. She walks slowly toward the building, one hand resting around her midsection and the other crossed over it and holding a cigarette. She flicks the cigarette irritably before taking a long drag, the smoke billowing up into the night sky, then she drops the butt to the ground and stomps it out.
“That's…” Cas paused and looked at Dean with raised eyebrows, shrugging his shoulders. “That's good. But Rory, we want you to know, you don't need to feel… obligated to treat Dean any differently. He can still be your friend, just like always. Do you understand?”
“Who’s your friend, Cas?” the guy behind the counter asks, hopping up from his chair and tossing aside his magazine. He eyes Dean up and down curiously, a mischievous smirk on his lips. “You find a new toy?”
Castiel pressed his lips together and tilted his head. “Yes and no…” he said slowly. “The first time is always a little uncomfortable at first, no matter how much time you spend prepping. If I do my job right, you will forget whatever discomfort you feel fairly quickly. And before long, you will be craving the feeling of me inside you.”
Dean blinks, furrowing his brow. “Sing? Cas, I-” he looks around shyly, despite knowing there are only a handful of people on the beach, none of which are close enough to hear him. “I don’t know...what, um. Why?”
Dean didn’t seem to mind, though. His tongue slipped between Cas’ cheeks and left a wet trail all the way down to his puckered hole. “I bet you could come just like this,” Dean whispered against Castiel’s heated skin. “My tongue and fingers playing with your hole…”
Dean sighs at the loss of Cas’s magnificent chest and all that pretty skin. “Well, they seem to like you, too,” he smiles, shaking out his shirt. “You would’ve loved Sammy as a kid. Little dweeb. Had an ant farm and everything.”
"Huh." Charlie purses her lips, then turns to look out over the football field again. A few football players began to file onto the field in practice uniforms, some stretching while others lazily toss a football around, waiting for the start of practice. She recognized Dean even in the matching uniforms, taller than most of the others on the team, his hair looking more blonde than brown in the sunlight, the strange gold amulet he always wears bouncing against his chest as he walks.
The bunker had dozens of rooms and several floors. They had never had the opportunity to explore these rooms and all the secrets they might hold. Sam and Jack were slowly working their way through these, but it was slow going. Everything had to be handled carefully and many artifacts and documents were written in languages that were long dead.
Cas’s tongue came to rest behind his teeth and he sucked in a quiet breath, his eyes bouncing from Dean’s eyes to his lips and back. He leaned into Dean as Dean slipped his other arm around his waist, and Cas’s hands met Dean’s behind his back.
Dean shook his head quickly, ears burning slightly with embarrassment. He tried to remind himself she was a doctor...nurse...thingy, and that this was her job. She’s probably seen it all.
Eventually, one by one, they all meandered back to their bedrooms. Once they were alone, Castiel pulled Dean into bed and wordlessly began to undress him. Dean laid back and sighed, closing his eyes as Castiel pulled off his shoes and jeans followed by his shirt.
Cas cocks his pierced brow, the thick silver hoop adorned with spikes on each end glinting off the light cast by his bedside lamp.
Dean was about to open his mouth and demand some answers before he suddenly understood. He gaped, letting his surroundings sink in, then sputtered like an idiot.
“Don’t have to imagine,” Dean panted, his whole body trembling with the aftershocks of his release which was currently cooling on his stomach. “You can fill me up right now, daddy.” Wrung out, loose, and thoughtless, Dean unabashedly spread his legs and Castiel grunted with the effort to close them again.
“C’mon,” Castiel whispered, climbing swiftly off the bed and offering him his hand. He looked wide awake, excited. He was wearing a white-button up, but it was only buttoned about halfway, and a pair of swimming trunks. Dean frowned as he sat up, gesturing lazily to him.
“Too bad,” Dean teased, pulling back her curtains and letting light flood the room, which she recoiled from as much as possible. “Won’t be long. Your father is just insistent that I get some rest. And I doubt I’ll sleep anyway, so…” Dean turned back to her and shrugged as she popped an eye open to look at him. “But you know how he is. Gotta at least give it an honest try.”
We're not scolding, and we truly appreciate all of you reading and commenting! We just wanted to address this concern, as two people who have either dealt with sexual abuse/trauma before, or have helped others through it.
“No, bitch, you can walk your ass,” Dean teased, grinning when John finally handed him a big slice of cake.
“I don’t know,” he finally signs when he sits down his spoon, tapping the tabletop a few times nervously. “I’m not used to staying anywhere for long, I’m not used to being paid attention to, let alone-” he stopped signing abruptly, looking out the window and taking a deep breath. “I felt like I couldn’t breathe, it was so much...I know I should have told you, but I knew you wouldn’t understand.”
Cas nods and reaches out to take Dean’s hand, holding it to his chest. Dean’s other hand is of course in Cas’s wild hair, massaging his scalp and working out tangles. It seems like Cas is struggling to keep his eyes open, but he’s far too stubborn to actually go to bed.
Dean clears his throat and pulls away, his lips accidentally on purpose brushing against Cas’s cheek. Cas’s face is red and he’s smiling softly, eyes twinkling in a way that makes Dean want to kiss him silly. Instead of doing that, Dean grabs a mug and fills it up with some coffee. He sighs and takes a sip, closing his eyes briefly.
“One PB&J, coming right up,” Dean said cheerfully, and even without looking back he knew Cas was watching him, could feel his eyes tracking every movement. It should’ve been disconcerting, but it was just them. It was just
Rory opened her eyes and blinked up at him sleepily, then rubbed a fist over one. Her neutral face morphed into a pout and she made an indignant noise, turning the other way.
Hey, everyone! Sorry for any editing mistakes here. Sydney is much better at it than I am, but if you notice anything awful please let me know so I can fix it. Also, just a quick note, we are wrapping up the sequel to Broken World and we will probably starting posting early to mid-October. It's another biggie (over 500 pages) and will be titled Pieced Together, so if you haven't already go subscribe to the series and you'll be one of the first to know when it's posted.
“We grow and grow all year,” Donna said with a smile. “So by winter, we usually have enough reserves to last us until we can plant again. That, along with hunting, and of course, the pig farm that Rufus keeps...all that keeps everyone fed.”
,” Dean growled, rolling his hips up desperately. “Please, Cas, I can’t-I’m barely-just please, or I won’t be able to-”
Dean rubs at his neck, fighting back the urge to pull Cas into a rough kiss, and shrugs humbly. “Not one to change things just for the sake of change…”
She looked back at him and pursed her lips, brushing some hair out of her face. “Listen, Dean. My cabin is right over there.” She pointed to the far end on the left, which actually ended up being only a few doors down from his own. “If you need anything...a guide, some advice, just some company...anything, you come let me know, you hear?”
Cas plants a few hard kisses on Dean's shoulder, then cups Dean's head with his left hand and licks a long stripe up his neck and behind his ear. Dean can feel the little ball from the piercing sliding up his skin, and he shivers noticeably.
Dean sighs and stares at him for a while, eyes searching his face, then leans up and takes Cas’s face between his hands. “‘M not mad, Cas. It’s just...I want to be able to help you. I
“Not such a smartass now, are you,” Dean smirks and leans down, still keeping Cas’s hands locked above him as he noses along his jaw. “Can show you a thing or two about talkin’ dirty.”
Dean’s eyes widened and he couldn’t believe he’d never questioned it before, why Missouri never had heats. Her Omega scent was subtle, nothing potent like it normally should be.
moment it lit up again- and turned the movie back on. The distraction effort was fruitless, though, since Dean was looking down at the phone every couple of seconds, until Castiel finally responded almost ten minutes later.
It was only about a ten minute drive to the restaurant, a small diner seemingly in the middle of nowhere, but with views of the river from the small back porch. The hostess pointed them through the restaurant to the door leading out onto the deck, where Anael and four other people sat.
None of that helped with Castiel, though, who still didn’t know he was going to be here. Anael had picked Dean up just before sunrise from Charlie’s and they drove the four hours to Cedar Bluff, checking into a small but clean motel just off the lake until their lakehouse check-in later that day. If Dean knew Castiel, and he felt like he did, the man was going to react one of two ways: either with outright anger, or broody quietness. Both of which Dean absolutely hated.
Dean laughed nervously. “Yeah, I think he felt bad about that...fixed it the day after your surgery.”
It’s nothing glamorous. One can barely call it a restaurant. Situated to the back of Singer’s Salvage, with a patch of dirt as a parking lot, the hole in the wall has a grand total of five tables- if you count the tiny one in the corner with a single chair- and a small bar with three stools. Not one table or chair matches, all bought secondhand or “rescued” from the side of the road to be thrown together. Behind the bar is a small window into the makeshift kitchen, which doesn’t look like much either, but is where all the magic happens.
Cas smirks at the unopened bottle of water left on his nightstand, and he begrudgingly takes it and twists the cap off, easily downing half the bottle and hating himself for enjoying it. Stupid Charlie and her stupid reasonable advice.
Dean swallows and shuffles into the kitchen to busy himself with making hot chocolate. If he doesn’t do something he’s going to fall into a sobbing mess at Cas’s feet.
He scrubs a hand over his face, then stares up at the ceiling as he anxiously flicks the butt of his cigarette with a fingernail.
“I know,” Dean sighs in mock sadness. “I turned out so cool and you’re the biggest fucking dork to walk the planet. I dunno where I went wrong with you.”
Dean took another deep breath and nodded, and they started toward the door. He held the screen door open for Castiel, who stepped through with his bags, and followed him inside. The house was eerily quiet as well, and weirdly clean, considering Dean hadn’t been there to clean it in several days. He looked warily up at Castiel, who looked annoyingly stoic.
“Oh, honey, I get it,” she chuckles, patting his sweaty hand with her soft, wrinkly one. She has white hair, kind eyes, and rosy cheeks. The man next to her, presumably her husband, looks ridiculously adorable in his bermuda shorts and hawaiian shirt. “Scared me something fierce when I first flew. ‘Course back then, planes were just barely invented.”
Dean tilted his head and sat back down, a puff of air leaving his lips and fogging up the space in front of him. He sucked in a breath when the wolf stepped closer and...damn, that boy was big. His paws were easily the size of Dean’s fist. He’d never seen one so big.
"Will do." Dean throws her a wink then he's out the door of her parents' stuffy suburban home with the cornflower blue shutters.
Immediately posting after (or perhaps toward the end) of this fic, we'll be posting our newest, Honey-Baked. This one we just did for fun on a whim, includes friends to lovers, idiots in love, sex positive Cas, high-functioning autistic Cas (this is not used as a plot point or anything, just small mentions throughout), smutty and fluffy, happy ending. No real plot other than the two friends falling in love with one another and being too afraid to tell the other one.
