"Yeah ?" Steve asked confused, how was this relevant ? Wasn’t this supposed to be a lecture about the designs he recently delivered to Ms. Ferrari’s law firm for their new building ?
"I was waiting for you to notice me but you were too busy ogling a certain someone…" he looked at the red-head beside him
"You liked him ?” Bucky laid a hand on steve’s Shoulder, to tell him that he didn’t mind if Steve did
"Why not !?" Bucky face-planted himself on the bed and then straightened up a bit "he’s hot, has money and if not a relationship then I bet he fucks good—"
You would’ve expected Tony to hide away in his lab or Not allow Barnes to live in the tower with the rest of them once the rogues were home.
"Good to see you to gorgeous" he winked at her only for Peggy to roll her eyes. She did look gorgeous in her sleeveless blue sequins gown, Her hairs tied in a bun accented with a blue flower
"Because a) you aren’t getting any of the awards, b) just because you are the contractor to organise the event doesn’t gives you free pass, c) I don’t want you ruining the event people have waited their whole lives for" a loud a sound echoed through the halls as her heels made contact with the ground "Tony ?" She questioned the lack of a comeback from the genius. She hit a nerve and she knows that she did.
he glances at the clock and gives Steve a light tug, gesturing him to walk towards the door, Steve wordlessly follows him
It’s a movie night, Steve swears on his shield that he loves his team but not when they go feral over who’s turn it is to pick night time entertainment. Times like these ? He just feels like strangling them.
What he didn’t expect was that Tony would talk about Siberia and the accords as soon as he reached there.
"Boss wants you in his office though" she gave a sympathetic smile "hopefully he doesn’t cuts your joy short"
The day their four year old daughter asked his husband about the guy in the picture with her dad, Tony told her that it was her brother, a brother who was far away and Daddy can’t bring him back.
Steve made yet another perfect portrait of Tony as he sat in Bucky’s hut, in wakanda, after civil war.
"Sir, that’s my seat and I am asking you to move politely if you don’t then I’ll have no choice but to call Miss. Carter"
Tony rubbed his eyes with the back of his hand "ok" he whispered "I won’t drink, I won’t pick someone up from their and run off to bed and I won’t make chaos which you’ll have to clean up…just
The team —or at least whatever they can be called without Ironman and Thor in there— groaned and suited up to fight the villain-of-the-week.
"I thought there are five winners from five fields" Steve muttered under his breath as he settled own a cushioned seat, his eyes raking the audience seating to find Bucky, ho waved at him from the centre seat in the front row, steve couldn’t help but grin and wave back
"Didn’t thought that people actually looked at the directors of standalone movies" she smirked at him
"Meet Mr. Rogers" Fury optioned towards Steve who just stood there, hands back like a perfect a soldier
"No no no no" Steve muttered as he stumbled back, his eyes watered and tears cascaded down his cheek without permission "No ! Tony no" his voice broke "tell me what’s wrong, we’ll work it out, baby please, please" he begged falling on his knees
she meant "You heard the conversation, he’s pissed at me" Tony made sure that Steve doesn’t hears them which wasn’t hard considering the blon—
"Aw Romanoff, Miss me ?" The red and golden saviour blasted a few of those son-of-bitches "we can make up for the lost time, let’s go to the beach ! It’s a date, darling" Tony Joked
"Well, look at my baby bro getting all amazed over fancy pieces of glasses" Bucky teased as Steve huffed
"On his way !" Steve’s shield chopped the big worm into two, the dead body lay on the ground oozing…green goo ? God their lives are weird
Steve pulled back from the hug, still grinning but with a glint of mischief in his eyes "I couldn’t have done it without you and that’s the truth and that’s what I am gonna say in my speech" he pointed at his study table where the speech lied, marked and changed a few thousand times "better start believing it" he put his hands in his pocket, his grin turning into a smile, mischief of his eyes turning into adoration in no time "you did your best"
Steve let out a frustrated groan as he held his head in his hands, tears escaped his blue-green eyes ruining yet another one of his drawings.
Steve winced "hopefully I stay alive after this" he mutters to himself but finds himself inside Fury’s office anyway
He thought helplessly, no wait he’s only doing this to get laid —No attraction more than physical to the mysterious blue-eyed male who
Tony turned to look at Steve "Before I make Mr. Roger’s neighbourhood joke— Steve ?" Tony’s mouth went dry as the blonde blinked rapidly and nodded
After being cursed for not being on time over some stupid party (Maria stark’s charity foundation) Tony made his way to the empty bar and poured himself a glass of his oldest drink.
He’s pretty Sure there are even tabloids about the last one, should he send links to Steve ? No one rejects Tony Stark.
"I am not following you" Tony says immediately "You rejected me, I respected that, I don’t know how fury knows that I asked you out"
"So ?" Tony shrugged as he entered a building "I have more important things to do, ya know" he found the mad genius responsible for the chaos and helped her reverse the situation…and also offered her a job, cause damn she was good just needed supervision, a lot of supervision. "Sorry, Romanoff no killing my employees"
Steve took a gamble with the last brainpower he possessed. The words left his him before he could talk himself out of it. “Will you come inside me first?”
He focused hard to see her through the bleakness of his thoughts. “It’s Steve,” he said as kindly as he could. He’d flown in, fucked their country up, spewed some shit about freedom and now he was gonna go and they would still be stuck there.
It went on like that for a while, with Steve holding one end of the tinsel and running in circles around the tree with Darcy riding Thor around the other side, criss-crossing the strips. Bruce made sure to push it between the branches, to evenly cover every surface.
“Steve, I’m Tony Stark, I’ve never had a spending limit,” he said and sipped his freshly poured coffee. “Now hand it over and let me see.”
“Sure,” she agreed warmly. “I mean, what’s a charity gala between a couple of friends, right? I do watch the news, you know.”
His mind flew to Christmas Day. It was probably one of the symptoms of losing his mind, because he had no explanation of what came over him. He turned to the left and stepped into Tony’s personal space. Slowly, mindful of everything - from implications, to Tony’s potential disdain for physical contact -, he lifted his arms and brought them around the shorter man. Just as slowly he let himself step closer and simultaneously pull the scientist into the embrace. The sky was quiet now, Steve’s mind was calming down, and he was happy to notice they hadn’t stepped into a parallel universe after all.
Steve fiddled with it. “It’s really not that great,” he told him. He really wished he’d remembered to give Tony the present the day before so he could have opened it then and it wouldn’t have been that big of a deal.
“You better be joking,” Tony told him. “I know you’re not entirely joking, but you better be.” He settled on jeans and a t-shirt, turning to show Steve.
Tony sounded to be closing in on the bed, but Steve found he couldn’t move his head anymore. The sky above him was lit with silent fireworks, then with shooting stars. He opened his mouth but no words came out, and the panic started to settle everywhere in his body. He knew theoretically he was safe, because this was Tony, but he also felt vulnerable and in unfriendly territory.
Steve’s concentration was gone, and he missed one of the targets to the crowd’s dramatic ‘oooh’. He paused. “Oh,” he sighed, frowning at Tony.
His shock was visible even through the somewhat grainy feed. He dropped the peanut butter jar he was holding when he jumped at the sound of Natasha’s voice.
“Is that still happening? Okay then.” He placed his elbow on the bar and wiggled his fingers. Natasha grabbed it and signaled Tony to count. It was more difficult than with Rhodey, Steve will give her that, but in the end he was victorious.
The fourth time Steve was left speechless by how attractive Tony was, the surrounding smell of farm should have been a turn off. But Steve’s sense of sight decided to be superior to all his other senses, and despite him being a city boy thrown in new territory, his legs almost gave out as he struggled for words.
“I swear to god, if we have a code green I’m getting the largest electromagnet in the tri-state area and I’m hanging him in Times Square,” Tony told them.
So life went back to normal, with missions that left Clint in a neck brace for a couple of weeks and broke four of Steve’s ribs. He apologised for healing by next morning when Clint hissed at him from the couch, high on prescription painkillers. Steve didn’t plan on spending half a day watching him play something called Minecraft, but when someone yelled “pizza’s here!” he realised it was dinner time and the marksman built the most uneven house Steve had ever seen.
Steve turned on his back, rubbing at his face in defeat. “If I get up, is there any chance you’ll be less irritating?”
“No, I’m just grateful.” He felt his cheeks warm up. “Sorry, it’s just that everything… and I’m a bit overwhelmed. And I thought you’d died, but now you baked for me and it’s just…”
“Some of us have an appreciation for nice things in life,” Pepper offered. “Like how your back looks in blue t-shirts that are two sizes too small. And Sam Wilson The Traitor,” she added casually, “wants to take that away from us.”
He’s climbing on rubble, trying to reach further into the mess, to Steve, always to Steve. The cruel perverted corner of his mind, ready to suggest the worst, always with the back-up plan, always flat on his back flexing its fingers into his spine, ready to push him off the edge - it’s rumbling now. Grunting as it provides is way out, showing him the precipice just off his path where he could be rejoined with Steve. In whatever afterlife there is. But Bucky wasn’t cruel, Bucky wouldn’t be cruel.
Steve did. 4-across on the crossword said “What Iron Man is getting Captain America for his birthday (7)” and in marker pen, Tony had filled it in with “PRESENT”.
Tony pulled it out and back in, moving to suck Steve’s cock again. As spit dribbled out onto Steve’s shaft and down to his balls, he felt
Hammer threw his head back and laughed loudly. “Feisty! I like it! It’s a dangerous type to have, don’t you think, Stark?”
There was silence for a while. As a collective rule, people close to Tony knew to either not engage him when he was ranting, or engage him enough to a) tire him out (unlikely) or b) bore him until he changed subjects and eventually wandered off. The latter seemed to be the case, especially as he seemed to focus on reading something.
“I’ve been racking my brains to come up with something since you called us!” Tony’s closing in on frantic territory mind-wise, and he’d rather avoid that if he can. “Otherwise we’ll just run out of energy and Doom will probably cream himself in that ugly cape of his.”
“Steve, don’t. We can sit here all night with me getting drunker by the minute, and you staying as sober as always, and I could be listing a thousand and one reasons why it wouldn’t work. And honestly, I’d rather have a drink with a kindred spirit and then go to bed.”
So he was stuck in the Tower. He dared go for a run once, and almost had to call evac because the swarm of people trying to talk to him was restless. He outran them and spent the rest of the day in the gym, fucking up hardened punching bags. He was not soothed by New York and he couldn’t move to the Compound where it would be too quiet, but at least he could work around his issues.
“Are they going to be investigated?” Steve asked, watching Nat pet the goat. “Her name is Bennu courtesy of this one here,” he nodded towards Tony.
Clint popped up from the sofa, kneeling and leaning on the back of it with a grin. “Make it spin, make it spin!” If Steve was a teenager, Clint was essentially five.
“You okay?” Tony asked not looking up. When there was no reply, he searched for Steve’s face. “Cap, you need to let it go, darling. It’s not as bad as you think. If anything, they’ll sing you songs of praise for not being me. You’re an icon, when you get real it means a lot to people.”
– Tony was jogging away from the burning building, covered in soot, clothes slightly burnt where the fire got to them. He was holding a goat in his arms from what Steve could see. He was holding it close to his chest, lips moving continuously in what Steve knew were reassuring words, fire dancing menacingly behind him and Steve was fucking
Bucky called bullshit and Steve just ignored it because it was the truth. Whatever breakdown he had to deal with, it could wait until he was in the relative safety of his room back at the tower. Or at least somewhere in the enormity of the building where he could hide and mope until his brain reconstructed itself.
Steve’s face went blank of any emotion. In hindsight, it was probably not the best course of action, but he was unable to do anything else. If he turned, the reporters would surely photograph his expression. He stayed the same way, back to them, so Tony picked up on it.
“Clint,” she started walking towards the marksman, “I know this is on you. Come, we’re doing tequila.”
“Well, there was that exhibit I recommended. And I save her dinner every now and then.” Bruce sighed again. “I put away all the mugs in the labs so she doesn’t have to.” There was a long pause before the scientist spoke again. For a while, Steve thought he’d fallen asleep. “Oh, I also named a star after her. I mean she’s never going to know, but it’s just one of those things –"
“I don’t fucking know, I almost lost my mind when I thought you died in that explosion. And Matilda was right, of course she was right.”
Steve had managed to overlook it, although once it came into focus, he wasn’t entirely sure how. The piece of furniture was only part of the odd ensemble, despite how massive it was. There were signs of recent polish, hastily executed judging by the streaks left behind. The brass handles were dull to say the least. In the towering sides, behind equally streaky glass, there was a large ensemble of porcelain figurines.
Steve felt himself blush. It was the song that always played when he entered the lab. “And this is my song?”
“Better?” Tony asked as he poured hot water in a mug. He handed it to Steve. “Bruce’s special blend of herbs and potentially some drugs that won’t work on you, but they seem soothing anyway.”
In the midst of the apocalypse that had taken hold of his mind, there’s a treacherous flutter of a silver lining he can’t shut away. He knows cruelty intimately, he’d witnessed it and experienced it, and it had altered the course of his life. But even so, Bucky wouldn’t be so cruel as to lie to him about Steve. Not cruel, but definitely hindering Tony.
“It’s too easy,” Tony says, heading down to land on a rooftop. He sets Steve down gently close to the ledge of the building.
“Great!” The man clapped his hands, making Steve jump. “Shit, sorry! Didn’t mean to scare you. So you know how it’s your birthday?” Steve groaned. “Yeah, I know, you’re not a fan, but it’s just the two of us and I’ve had something planned for a while and if you could just be patient with me for a second or an hour or so –”
For a split second, Steve’s determination fades, but he gets back with the program as soon as they hear a large crash in the distance. He quickly assessed the situation. “There’s a large group of people in the basement of that building,” he points. “Take Pietro there, I’ll help Wanda. You two, stay with the civilians, do crowd control, shout if you need help.”
“What? I’ve never been to Madagascar, we weren’t deployed there and you know that seeing how you memorised my file.”
Pepper thanked him for the leather journal, and Bruce thanked him for his new fountain pen. Steve decided again he loved giving presents because it was never about him. He accepted the hot chocolate with a nod, and settled to watch his family rejoice in their gifts.
As far as Fury was concerned, there were no collateral victims, and very little repairs needed to the tower surroundings. The tower itself had seen better days, but nothing they couldn’t sort out quickly if the threat of not having electricity permeated their lives.
He moved away from the podium and for a couple of seconds there was silence. Applause erupted from the general direction of their table. He remembered something then and moved back. The noise stopped and he cleared his throat. “Please! I meant backing up corruption and photos with officials. The free people of this country deserve our appreciation and time. Thank you!”
“I am,” Steve reassured him. “More than okay. Come on, you must be getting sore.” He was sticky and covered in spit and cum and lube. Definitely more than okay.
Part of the reason Steve had been so pliant regarding the opulent move of owning such a monster of a popcorn machine was the way he could now have caramel popcorn all the time. He used to have it sometimes when he was young and the sugar rush was almost unbearable for his fragile body. Bucky always laughed at the way his jaws got glued together as the sugar melted in his mouth.
“You know what? I’m too affected to even care you mentioned him. Wow, didn’t think that would ever happen. C’mere.”
Thor sat down on the floor, letting Bennu crawl into his lap. “It’s actually an amusing tale! When we were children, Loki succeeded in destroying a rare plant our mother needed for a potion, so she turned him into a goat.”
“Perfect.” He handed him a bottle of water. “Please drink. You do whatever you want to do, darling. But you can’t come, okay? Not until I tell you.”
As a general rule, Steve could go with almost no sleep at all. Sure, he felt tired, but it wasn’t a tragedy. He tried to keep a balanced life, tried to sleep enough and eat right, and exercise - all of which Bucky called overkill, and used to mock him endlessly. Steve remembered what it was like to feel like no air would ever enter his lungs again, or how it felt to not be able to jog for ten feet. So Steve was grateful, and honestly? he actually liked salads and working out. Bucky mocked him for that too, saying that it was natural he liked it when he already had the body for it. Steve punched him then, and all was good in the world again.
“That’s the idea, yeah.” He fingered Steve hard, the angle making him mewl obscenely. After a couple more slaps, he finally lifted his butt in the air.
“You were betting that we were gonna get together?” Steve’s disbelieving tone is potentially the cutest thing ever.
I got nothing, not really. It took me over a year to get this out, not even because I've had writer's block or something, I'm just shit tbh. Like, my depression makes me not write so I don't and I just put it off every day and next thing I know it's October 2018 and I've barely just finished the second half of this. If you're here for the first time, giving this a go or returning after you'd read the other parts, honestly thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Steve did. With a single finger, not really putting any pressure on it. “Is this enough?” he asked cheekily.
Steve shrugged. “You look beautiful in everything, so whatever you want, really.” Tony gave him a look he couldn’t place, somewhere between challenging and fond. “I mean it,” he reassured.
If he were any more of a coward, Steve would have been afraid. Instead, a rampant giddiness took over, and even if his mouth was dry and his legs hurt from the way he had them propped up, he wanted it. “Wanna suck you off please.”
His best friend had the cheek to look offended. “Just because you’d have died if you drank too much…”
The entire thing wasn’t great, but it wasn’t Steve’s worst night either. He was still high-strung about the Tony situation, and he wasn’t looking forward to be kissed by another stranger at midnight. While everyone gathered at the windows to welcome the new year, Steve snuck out and trekked up to the helicopter pad with minutes to spare.
Steve would have denied it, but he knew it was true. He put the gift down and squatted to be closer to their heights. “Hi, I’m Steve.” he offered simply.
They were close, Steve noticed. They were close enough that he could smell Tony, as weird as it felt to think that. It smelled like how his sheets smelled, like how the t-shirt smelled. He felt dizzy, the warmth from the man seemingly radiating onto his skin. Tony turned just as he leaned it minutely, adamant he could get away with it.
More speeches as they were brought the first dish. He was mature enough to accept the food was good, but he was wondering how a country with
Tony smiled as he climbed down and grabbed his hand, pulling him towards the bedroom. Steve entire body was tingling, fuelled by the connection they shared through their fingers. He allowed Tony to lay him down and despite their previous time together, he was still embarrassed by the way the towel tented.
He paused for another drink and then continued before he could think about it too much. “The Maria Stark Foundation, closely affiliated to the Avengers. Founded by one of our core members himself to ensure justice and help for the less fortunate. On a tangent – this is what happens when you don’t prewrite and rehearse these things. So, on a tangent, I recently learned about the ‘white saviour narrative’ in movies. General Ross, Sir, when you’re backing up your next candidate don’t try to use this to win votes.” There was a sharp whistle, most likely from Tony. “We’re not here as saviours, and we’re definitely not here to showcase how amazing we are as white American people. I’ll forward you my list of fu – times I messed up. Ah, this is definitely going on Tumblr. Too long didn’t read – I’m full of this young people vernacular these days, you see – we came here to create a bond between a recovering budding nation and the Western world, as flawed as it may be. And now that we got here things aren’t quite as we were told.”
Steve laughed. “I’m sorry too, Tony. I don’t know about the inferiority complex you mentioned, but I do know that I care about all of our slightly dysfunctional extended family so much that I become stupid at times.”
“What? Yes. What?” Tony paused briefly. “Listen Captain Technology, who told you about Adblock in the first place?”
Even when it got tricky, Steve was determined it would work out. And he was determined no matter what, he would get the guy. And Tony seemed to be on the same page entirely, which honestly? Yay!
“You need to voice it, Steve. I won’t do anything until you tell me what you want, you know that, darling.”
The closest he ever got to being really drunk, he spent the next day not only violently ill, but also supremely embarrassed of how he’d acted in front of Bucky and a couple of others. He’d also witnessed Bucky time and again live with the next-day remorse, enough to know how it was by proxy. And that was exactly how he felt as the onslaught of memories hit him.
“You’re barking at the wrong tree, I can’t even figure out how to get my own mind to cooperate half the time. The other half I’m trying to be a normal human being.”
Steve hated all of it. He’d seen it before, so had Tony. Natasha was closely acquainted with these tactics. It was throwing morsels of democracy to an upset people and expect them to worship you. The three of them were there to ensure the subtle threat didn’t go unnoticed. If the country fucked up again, if the people were to suffer again, there would be no more aid. There would be no more diplomatic missions. Tony was capable and willing to commission planes, paint them in happy colours, and use them to transport all the children to the tower. There would probably be enough room to house all of them if they bunked. The whole political situation was temporary anyway. The power void left by the uprisings needed to be filled. This was the lesser evil, and it would have to do for the time being.
The sooner it got to New Year’s Eve, the less calm things got in the tower. Of course, a seemingly low-life villain who dropped bombs from drones decorated as reindeer didn’t help. Tony had flown out through one of the windows, Thor managed to shortcircuit half the tower, and Natasha broke the coffee table in what was collectively deemed the most ridiculous attempt on their lives ever. The damage to the tower wasn’t even the guy’s fault - Mr. Rudolph he called himself and Steve was starting to develop some sort of allergy to the name. All of the damages came from convoluted actions taken thinking there was more real danger. Steve’s favourite moment was Darcy tasing the shit out of the guy when he got in her sights, and then throwing her shoe at him for ruining her lunch date. Bruce had mercifully stayed as Bruce, even though the distinct green hue was everpresent. Darcy’s fingers soothed the back of his head, and it seemed to work fine.
Tony paused his ministrations to get Steve’s full attention. “I remember that. You were kissing that woman and I –”
Tony made to escape, but Steve was quicker and pulled him by the shoulder towards the edge of the bed. “Would you look at that, you’re actually awake right now and you’re about to get up, sort yourself out and come face the crowd of corrupt dicks we’re about to scare into being less corrupt.”
Steve moved off, shuffling backwards to sit on his heels. He helped Tony up, then hurried to get his mouth on the man’s cock. He could taste himself, lube, Tony. “Have I been good?”
Steve had already mouthed at the cotton candy and was in the process of enjoying more. “I do?” he asked, mouth half-shut with the stickiness.
“Shhh, hand it over, there you go, that’s a good Captain, okay now let go, okay? Okay, great, now step back a little? Perfect, thank you.”
. Buzzfeed had a field day over his little incursion in dissenting. He gave up on Twitter entirely and just stopped all notifications. He texted one of the group chats letting them know he’s fine, and then texted Bucky separately reiterating that he is indeed fine.
“You are the literal worst, Stark. A scoundrel!” He had to focus to breathe through Tony’s rich laugh, head thrown back in delight. “What about Tinder?”
“Not now, darling. First, okay,” he started. One more kiss dropped on Steve’s lips. He brought a wet tissue to Steve’s hole, wiping it gently. Then he wiped down the cum splattered on Steve’s chest. “Let me just…” He moved Steve’s legs until he had his feet planted on the floor. Next, he brought a bottle to Steve’s lips. “Drink up, baby, go on.” The hand supporting Steve’s head was gentle, the touch loving.
“Da, Russian! Are you also Russian? Because if you are you should… get a move on,” she finished in her regular accent, laughing hysterically.
Tony joined them as Clint hit play on the movie. He looked around, sniffed the air like an overly curious dog, then fixated Steve with a look. “Is that caramel popcorn, Cap?” he asked, putting on a manic face.
“Do it, Tony,” Pepper ordered. “Remember I have blackmail material and I am not above using it to make you do things for me,” she said, her voice getting that singing lilt again.
Steve wanted to not be creeped out. But Steve had been surrounded by horrors his entire life, one way or another. “Will we succeed?” he found himself asking.
“Backwards o’clock?” Natasha answered as she joined them. She quickly scanned the cabinet before bursting into laughter. “Pietro and Wanda are gonna lose their shit,” she said and took a photo of the whole thing.
He sighed and unbuttoned his shirt to do it up properly. “I can’t tell this 80 year old woman who barely has anyone left in the world, let alone in this hemisphere that I won’t go over to fix her lights and boiler.”
He shifted then, catching both Tony and himself by surprise when Tony slid in at a slightly different angle and – “There – fuck – Tony? Please!” He got up, wide-eyed and desperate for more. Only then did he realise he was still holding on to Tony’s hair and maybe pulling slightly too hard on it. He let go.
Steve opens his mouth to reply, the sinful curve of his lips making Tony’s heart flutter, when a loud explosion actually shakes the ground below them. “Shit!”
Truth or Dare was not Steve's first idea of fun, especially when he couldn't get drunk, but his people had the puppy eyes and he couldn't resist them. Add a wet dream to overthink about, some flirting, a couple of dares and oh, shit.
, “but we can double-celebrate them and that’s that.” He’d taken an apple, dropped a kiss on top of Steve’s head (he hoped the warmth he felt whenever his boyfriend did that would never cease), and left then in favour of science.
Steve took his phone out and googled Tinder in an incognito window. Tony would know he did it, incognito or not, because Tony knew everything that went on when any of them used the internet, but at least it wouldn’t show up in his browsing history, and Steve was picking his battles. Steve hated Tinder very very much.
Steve winced, he knew Tony was trying his best to juggle between SI, being Ironman, his funds, charity, and god-knows-what-not, he knows Tony tries to spend every spare second with the team because they are family, he can literally see the pain and guilt flashing on Tony’s face everytime he has to leave the team when he promised that he wouldn’t , he knows Tony loves them but he has other responsibilities too and frankly, without Tony, they all wouldn’t even have a roof over their heads. so, he really doesn’t blames Tony for not being around and so shouldn’t Clint.
He knew where this was going, he wanted this, hell he wanted this ever since he met Tony…but does it mean the same thing to Tony as it does to Steve ?
Margret ticked a few boxes in her checklist and then sighed "where’s Barton ?" She asked looking up at Romanoff.
A small smile broke on Bucky’s face, he could see the emotions flashing on steve’s face like colours, the kid’s been working too hard to win this. He took his weight off the door, walked towards Steve and pulled the younger guy in a hug "I am so proud of you" he whispered as if words spoken louder will break the fragile aura around them…maybe it will.
"Miss. Potts didn’t tell me you were coming" She raised her eyebrow in a questioning way, the smile not leaving her face
Peggy swatted his arm pretending to be offended, making them both chuckle and ending their light hearted conversation.
"You mutter a lot" The red head rose her eyebrow, her eyes resting on Steve as if she was challenging him to say one more word about whoever won in the music category.
"Are you asking me out ?" Steve asked surprised "we barely know each other" his eyes widened comically
Tony sighed and looked back at the stage where a few performers were doing some kind of an ancient dance, Bharatanatyam or something, he tried to pay attention towards the dancers but it was impossible to, he couldn’t help but notice every slight moment by
This award recognizes the achievements of five individuals in the following categories: painting, sculpture, architecture, music, and theatre/film. Each winner receives 15 million yen (about $135,400 as of March 2019). The 2018 laureates were Pierre Alechinsky (painting), Fujiko Nakaya (sculpture), Christian Portzamparc (architecture), Riccardo Muti (music), and Catherine Deneuve (theatre/film).
Steve gave a boyish smile targeted towards someone in the crowd, Tony tried to trace the receiver of that smile but Steve looked away quick and began his speech "I am glad that I was deemed worthy of this prestigious award that I possibly couldn’t have won without inspiration from my late mother Sarah Rogers and support from my brother, James Barnes" He smiled at someone in the crowd…again but this time Tony traced it to a black, long-haired male who was smiling proudly, even though his cheeks were flushed red from the sudden attention
They had been doing dishes together and Tony had come up behind him, sliding his hands around him from behind. His chest pressed up against Steve's back and his hands spanned the super soldier's chest. Steve's eyes fluttered shut at the sensation. He was glad the others were out. Not that he wanted to hide what they did, but because he was sure Tony probably wouldn't be doing this if the others were around.
Steve grunted out, thrusting his cock into Tony’s hand and alternatingly pushing his ass back against Tony’s cock. It felt so good. Nothing had ever felt this good in his whole life and he knew it. Screaming out, “Tonnnnny!” he shot out his hot white release, gripping harder and harder onto the table.
." He hadn't meant for that to come out as dirty as it did, but eh, it's like Pepper would really notice.
Day Sixteen: Antagonistic. No argument there. Day Seventeen: Resurgent. On this day, he knew he had one more day of this activity, but Steve had gotten his final word today. Tony had thought Steve's list for him had been far better than the list Tony had made for him, and he decided he wanted to make up for it.
They seemed to be getting better. Day Four: Hedonistic. Steve even knows that word? (He didn't pause for a moment to think that he had referred to him as Steve and not Rogers, Captain America, or any other derogatory nickname.) Day Five: Ostentatious. Day Six: Naughty. That one made him laugh.
"Yeah, that's all very well, you and I were together for two years. This is Steve we're talking about. He cheated!"
Steve took Tony's hand in his and lead him toward his bedroom. It may have been fast, but considering they've known each other for a few years now, and these past eighteen days of getting to know each other through the words they had used to describe each other, Steve didn't feel bad for wanting to jump right into this at all, all because Pepper insisted they participate in this little word exercise of "Getting to Know You."
Steve's eyes widened. It was the closest they'd come to defining what they were, and he found he liked where this was going. "Well, then if that's how it is, I guess I wouldn't mind being branded with your moniker."
Over the next few days, Tony found a note card on the same spot on the counter in the kitchen, in front of his coffee maker. Day One: Audacious. He couldn't argue with that. Day Two: Neurotic.
Tony was about to voice another empty rebuttal until Steve’s lips wrapped around his already throbbing cock. His hand immediately went to the back of his head, pushing him down more on him. Jesus, this was better than he could have imagined. Steve took him in like a pro. Tony lifted his hips more against Steve’s mouth, wanting Steve to take as much as he could take.
Tony pushed Cap to lay with his back straight on the bed. He let his fingers trail over his chest for a moment, lingering over his pecs. He smiled, pressing his palm to rest directly over his heart. "I'm thinking right here. This is where we should put it."
Day Seven: Yummy. Tony stood in front of his coffee maker for the longest time trying to figure this one out. It wasn't as though he'd never been referred to as yummy before, but by Steve (he thought of him by his first name again), it was something completely ... Tony wasn't sure what it was. He had to talk to Pepper. Steve (and again) had definitely cheated.
The elevator door opened and he saw Tony step out. It wasn't an instant before he was right over in front of Steve, looking up at him. They looked at each other for a moment before Tony shook his head.
That was too much for Tony to handle. Gripping at Steve’s shirt and pulling him up to kiss him. Kiss him! Jesus, kissing was an intimate act and Tony couldn’t actually remember the last person he’d kissed, but he had to feel Steve’s lips against his. He just had to.
Steve smiled, letting Tony's comment float in the air between them before speaking again. "You've got quite a few tattoos." He let his fingers trail over the phoenix tattoo again. "I really like this one."
What if Steve didn’t want to do this again? What if this was just a one time thing to get him out of detention. It had anyhow. He wasn’t going to make him stay after this. Hell, he could. They could do this all over the classroom, but he knew he should probably let him go clean up or something. Hell, he needed to clean up himself too.
Tony pulled back, looking into his lover's eyes and smiling a little impishly. "Captain America wants some ink?" He let his hand slide gently over the smooth skin of his ass. "You want to cover up this perfect body?"
The activity was finally over, and Tony found himself bouncing around, waiting for the moment he knew Steve would be awake. He hadn't slept all night. He'd been too eager to talk Steve.
Tony's brow arched in a slight smirk. "Always the sketch artist, even in bed?" He smiled, laying his hand flat on Steve's ass. "So, where did you want it? And what do you want it to be of?" He turned his head slightly, a gleam in his eyes. "I know! Property of Tony Stark, right here!" His fingers trailed along his lower back where it met his ass, skimming over his tailbone.
Tony opened the cupboard to check, just in case. "No," he shook his head, closing the door and picking up the card again. "Steve cheated."
Once Tony could tell he was ready, he pulled his fingers from him and grabbed his cock, guiding it through Steve’s gorgeous ass cheeks before angling the head at Steve’s hole. He added a little more of his natural lube to it before letting it slide into Steve. He was so fucking tight. Jesus, he didn’t know how long he’d be able to hold back. He wanted to feel that tightness around his entire cock, but he knew he couldn’t just pound right into Steve. He didn’t want to hurt him.
Steve felt his cock twitch in his pants and even if he could go for another round, he had to get to practice, and coach would kill him if he was late. “Good night, Tony.”
This time could have been heated, rushed and nothing like it had turned out to be. They took their time with each other, letting their eyes and their hands really learn each other's bodies. It had been something new for both of them. Steve realized that he was feeling something for the man lying next to him. He didn't know if it was love, but a part of him was afraid it was. Could Tony love him in return, or would this never be anything more than what it was now? What it was, Steve had no idea.
? Tony wasn't going to dwell on it. He skipped his morning coffee, not needing it with how hyped up he was without it, and headed down one floor to Steve's level in the Avengers Tower.
They hadn't been together too many times since then, but it had only been this time that they'd actually taken their time with each other, getting to know the other's body, really taking the time to enjoy what the other really felt about and really enjoyed. The few times before had been nothing more than an urgent need to strip the other of their clothing and find their climax together. This time had been so much different. They had had dinner together, just the two of them in the tower. They hadn't planned a
Steve had fallen asleep on the couch, something that he wasn't completely unaccustomed to doing, to find Tony passed out on his workbench. Usually it was Tony who came to wake Steve up to suggest he head to bed. Steve always urged him to go to bed at the same time, and they'd head up to the living quarters together. But that night had been different.
had no idea why Pepper had wanted him and Tony to do her exercise, but he went along with it, not questioning her much. He did want to know what kinds of words he could use, but she wouldn't even answer that for him.
“Oh,” Steve smirked, walking around the desk. “So you like to be on top. Got it.” He turned Mr. Stark in his chair to face him, coming down within inches of his face. “Gotta get you good and slicked up first.”
He wondered if that is when he got this particular piece of artwork. It was beautiful. Steve wanted to draw it sometime tomorrow. Probably while he was sitting in the lab watching Tony work.
Slowly, Tony pulled back, looking up into Steve's eyes. He hadn't fought the kiss. He seemed to be shocked, but then it had faded away and he was sure he felt Captain America kissing him back. But Tony still wasn't sure.
Steve's response was guttural, without words. Tony reached around him, turning off the faucet and turned his lover around to face him. He looked up into the pristine blues and shook his head. Steve wanted to ask what he was thinking, but anything he would have said was captured into Tony's mouth as he wrapped his arms around his neck, pulling him down to him more. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony and lifted him up to wrap his legs around his waist.
Tony turned swiftly, pinning him down on the bed and staring him down for a moment. Steve licked his lips and Tony couldn't help but stare at his luscious lips. "You're beautiful, you know that, Steve?"
Tony leaned down over Steve’s back, talking at the side of his head by his ear. “You talk too much, Mr. Rogers.”
It had perplexed him for a while, but when he actually sat down to write it out, the words flowed onto the paper for him. He got stuck on a few of the letters though. Leave it to Tony to have a Y in his name. And of course, Pepper wouldn't just let them do Steve and Tony. No, she insisted on the two of them coming up for a letter for each letter of their names, their full names: Steven Grant Rogers and Anthony Edward Stark. The activity still confused him, but after sitting at it, he had it done in no time, turning it into Pepper.
Day Thirteen: Deviant. Day Fourteen: Shrewd. Day Fifteen: Talented. He had no idea Steve thought of him that way. He was beginning to see Steve in a whole new light, and he was realizing he liked the Steve he was coming to know in these cards.
The next morning, another card hung on the fridge. He read it. Thoughtful. Again, Steve had a great day. On the third day, he had to think a bit about the word he found. Efficacious.
Steve didn't agree with the words, but what was really getting to him was if Tony really thought of him as perfect. He didn't know if Pepper had asked him to find another word or if he'd just done it on his own. Either way, he was still stuck on the world he had chosen. Did Tony really think that he was perfect? Yes, he was made to be the perfect soldier, but there was a difference between that and someone else thinking he was really perfect. There was something different about
had something to do with all of it. Steve didn't mind. Things had changed, and he was able to easily change along with them. He and Bucky were no longer together, and it wasn't each of them "dying" that had done that either. Sure, it played a part in it, but Steve knew it wasn't just that.
Tony held up his hand. "Hold on a moment!" He took another step forward, both of them close enough now to touch. "I'd like you to know for yourself if I'm yummy or not."
"No," Tony whispered, dipping down to lightly lick at Steve's lips. "You're beautiful from the inside." Yes, he was a complete sap in a relationship, being with Pepper had proved that. Not that he and Steve were officially in a relationship, but even if neither of them had defined it, they were.
Steve gripped at the desk, smiling as he laid his head down. “Yeah, fuck me, Mr. Stark. Fuck my perfect hole! Fuck me!” He felt his ass being lubed up by what he was sure was Mr. Stark’s spit and moaned, pushing his ass back at his hand. “Fuck my ass, Mr. Stark!”
Tony's breath hitched in his throat at Steve's fingers on his flesh. Even though their bodies were pressed together in their soft whisper, he couldn't believe that either of them were as calm as they were, not thinking about sex, well not only sex. What they had, even though it was as new as it was, wasn't just about the physical. It went far deeper than that.
Steve had thought Bucky had died, he watched him drop off that train with no way of doing anything to save him. It was the hardest thing he'd ever had to go through in his life, even more so than waking up three quarters of a century later and
Respectful. Artful. Noble. Theistic. Reserved. Objective. Genuine. Endearing. This word, three days before the exercise was over, at least on his end, stopped him yet again. Endearing? Tony thought he was endearing? He didn't even think Tony would use those kinds of words. It didn't seem to be a word that was used much in the twenty-first century. He found that this was probably his favorite word, even though he hadn't had the last two yet.
Steve smiled to himself, sucking his teacher deeper and deeper into his throat. It soon became too much for him and he reached down to palm his own hard cock over his jeans. He’d never thought about fucking Mr. Stark like this, but it had been the only thing he’d wanted when he found himself cooped up in this classroom for who knows how long and nobody else around. It was hot. Whoever said they didn’t fantasize about their teachers was a liar.
Steve's eyes widened. What was Tony saying? Isn't "yummy" another word for "cute" or "attractive" or... "There aren't a whole lot of adjectives that start with the letter
Tony’s eyes dropped down to Steve Rogers’ hands on his pants, unbuttoning them and sliding the zipper down. He knew he should stop him, but he was actually a little taken back. He would be lying if he said he hadn’t thought about this before. Fuck, he’d thought about bending him over his desk and having his way with that perfect ass of his. The thought of it right now caused his cock to come right to life.
Tony shuddered a bit, curling into the warm body next to him. "You better stop that," the warning came without a hint of foreboding.
Pepper reached forward, yanking the broken pieces of the defenseless pencil, thrusting another into his grasp. "Don't break that one. Just finish!"
His fingers brushed over one of the tattoos Steve had discovered earlier on his lover's body. It was a beautiful piece of artwork, a phoenix bursting from the flames in the same vibrant gold and red as Tony's Iron Man suit. Steve had learned quite a bit about Tony in the time since he'd known him. The Internet was a really valuable resource. There wasn't anything you couldn't find on it, and Steve had done a lot of his research on the members of his team with it. There wasn't a whole lot to be found on Clint, Natasha and Thor, but there was quite a bit on Bruce and even more on Tony.
Tony rolled his eyes and yelled after her, but she was gone, taking the elevator off Tony's personal level.
Tony’s hands slid down between the two of them and he pulled at Steve’s belt before undoing the rest of his pants. Quickly pushing them down, Tony began to stroke him as he deepened the kiss. He pumped at him for a bit before letting go of his dick before turning Steve around and bending him down over his desk.
"Would you prefer I continued to call you Stark?" Steve felt as though his world was deflated around him.
Tony reached up, grabbed the back of Steve's head and pulled Steve down to press his lips to the super soldier's. For a moment, Steve stood there, shocked. He couldn't believe Tony was actually kissing him. But what he couldn't believe even more was that he was enjoying it. He hadn't had much experience with kissing in his life, but out of all the people he has kissed, Tony had definitely topped them with just this single kiss.
As for Steve, he found himself falling more and more in love with the genius, billionaire, philanthropist laying beside him in his bed. He'd moved into Avenger Tower not long after the incident with the Chitauri, but it wasn't then that the two of them got together either. Steve wasn't even sure they were
On the first day, Steve came into the kitchen and found a card with a word written on it stuck to the refrigerator with a magnet. Pulling the card off the refrigerator, he read the word on it. Sensible. The word brought a smile to his face and he went on his day with a little extra skip in his step. That was a good word for Stark to start with. He couldn't wait for tomorrow.
Rational. Secular. On the last day, he tucked the last card in with the rest of them he'd saved in a box in his bedroom. He was looking forward to talking to Tony about his answers on the day after tomorrow. He couldn't wait to tell Tony how he'd felt about what he said about him, and he couldn't wait to hear what Tony thought about the words he had used to describe him.
was actually doing this. Why Pepper of all people suggested he do this with Steve of all people was beyond him. But he was doing it.
Steve gathered up his pencils, charcoal and sketchpad, leaving them there on the couch before walking over to Tony, letting his hand rest on the sleeping man's back. Steve had barely whispered his name when Tony moved only slightly, taking Steve's hand in his and pulling him into his arms. Their lips came together and Steve's eyes widened. He hadn't been expecting that, and honestly neither had Tony, but neither one of them pushed away from the other. They had come together in a way neither of them had expected right there on Tony's workbench. That had been just a few weeks ago.
Steve needed solace. Not that sitting in Tony's lab with Tony's blaring rock music would be considered solace to anyone else, Steve found a tranquility about the setting. Tony was completely and utterly relaxed in this element, and Steve found that relaxed him the most, never mind the heavy beats. His presence in the lab had been something both of them had gotten used to and it just seemed to be something they did after a while. But one night it morphed from being about quiet comfortability to something far more.
Tony smirked, leaning down and pressing his chest against Steve’s back and growling at his ear. “My cock is in your ass, Steve. You can call me Tony.”
Steve let his fingers trail down over Tony's arm. He still couldn't get over how amazing Tony was. It had taken them a little more than a year to get to this point, and he still wasn't even sure where this was. He didn't understand what they had. It wasn't like what he had had with Bucky, but he was sure he felt something for the man laying beside him in the bed.
Steve couldn’t help but smile at his teachers suggestion. Usually he’d tell a teacher to fuck off for offering more school work, but he knew that wasn’t the offer for that, and it excited him. He’d love to do this again.
“You’re the only teacher in this whole damned school who even dares to do this. Why do you think you’re so goddamned superior?”
After Bucky had regained his memories, he confessed to Steve that he was in love with Natasha, and if she would have him, he wanted to be with her. Steve gave his best friend his blessing and watched as the two of them fell in love. Steve had felt a little bad for Clint who he knew had feelings for Natasha himself, but it wasn't long before Clint found solace in a certain flyboy who oddly enough bore a striking resemblance to Steve, but no one ever said anything. That was weird enough as it was without people making comments about it.
After another half hour at least and a couple hundred more curses later, he handed over the sheet of paper. "Why I let you talk me into things, I'll never know."
Steve turned his head slightly, looking back at Tony. His cock was still deep inside his ass and he could still feel him throbbing there. Sweet Jesus, it was heaven. Everything that had just happened had been perfect.
Those words didn't hurt like they had a year ago. They had gotten past all that. Tony really hadn't meant to say what he'd said on the helicarrier. And he knew Steve knew it too.
There was silence on the other end for a moment, then when she replied, he had to wonder why she sounded so smug. "
Steve had been staring at the elevator from where he sat on the couch. He wanted to get up and go talk to Tony, but he was sure Tony was still sleeping. He knew how late Tony stayed up into the nights. He knew that he didn't come up from his lab until just a few short hours before Steve usually woke up. He was about to just forget decency and head up to Tony's room when he heard the elevator moving and froze, mid-stand.
now. There had been a brief period of time after things ended between Tony and Pepper that Tony had gone back to his playboy ways, but it hadn't lasted long at all. It wasn't even then that he and Steve slept together for the first time, but it was in the middle of all that that the two of them stopped being at each others throats and started really getting along.
, but continued writing on the paper with the pencil. "Can I not just run through this with Jarvis?" he asked for the umpteenth time.
Smirking, Steve reached into his pants and pulled out the hardened cock, pulling it out of his boxers and stroking it thoroughly. “I think your cock would say differently.”
Gripping at Steve’s hips, Tony pulled himself deeper and deeper into Steve’s tightness. After thrusting in and out of him a few times slowly, he found that Steve’s ass was giving way to him a little more easily and Tony could pump harder into her. Releasing one of his hips, he slid his hand around to grasp Steve’s cock. His hand met the rhythm he was pounding into his ass, drawing him to his release with him.
With the defining of their relationship, and then Tony calling Steve baby, he was sure they were in a relationship now. It didn't need to be said that they were dating or that they were even boyfriends, but they definitely were together and that was all Steve needed to know.
It had only been a few months ago that something really happened between them. It had been late one night in Tony's lab where they both had been burning the midnight oil. Steve had been down there merely to alleviate his boredom. He didn't particularly like watching television all the time and everyone else in the house seemed to watch a great deal of it. And they always seemed to talk over it all the time. How could one possibly keep track of what was happening in any of the shows they watched when they were chattering about stuff that didn't even have to do with the show, but somehow they always managed to know exactly what had happened all the time.
Steve's lips were captured by Tony in a searing kiss, taking his breath away. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony and brought him to lay against the length of his body. Steve felt the stark difference between Tony's chest and his arc reactor there against the spot they'd chosen to put his first tattoo. He was happy. The two of them fit together better than anything Steve had ever known before, and he was looking forward to the way things were going to be between them now. They were a together, and if their behavior didn't change around the others just yet, it wouldn't matter. The tattoo he'd be getting was enough to tell him all he needed to know. He was Tony's and Tony was his. They belonged to each other. They were one.
Tony hopped off the counter and took the few steps to where Steve was standing. “No no don’t. I mean I could have lived three content lifetimes without you ever seeing that photo of me and the toy shield. Or the one where I’m drooling on Peggy’s shirt - that’s not even really cute and I’m pretty sure I don’t do that anymore, I don’t actually know, there was no one to comment on it so I don’t -”
“I won’t even pretend I don’t have to google that,” Steve admitted. The fireworks were still going off around them.
He was cut off by the unexpected moan he let out as Steve ground back hard. He was painfully hard, even if he had marginally more room in his pants than Tony. He lifted himself off the man, hovering slightly above him.
He took his time with the dishes, even if his initial plan might have backfired. The more he stared at the evidence of the previous night’s cupcakes, the more he remembered how kind and polite Tony had been, and the more he wanted to wash all of it away. His skin tingled where the man had touched it. He could recall the hug, the way Tony’s hand had anchored him.
He went to check on Pietro first. Medical informed him he was going to be okay. He would heal quicker than normal, something to do with the enhancements, but it would still take a couple of weeks of walking with a crutch. Steve knew it was going to be hell for the young man and he promised he would try to help as much as he could. He walked by the lab where Tony was headbanging to some music the soundproofed walls didn’t allow to escape. In the corner, Wanda was fast asleep, covered with a thick blanket and holding on to a t-shirt of Pietro’s. Steve walked away from them, back to the now-dreaded task of decorating. He wished he’d kept his stupid mouth shut about Christmas.
Tony made a show of leaning back and rolling his eyes because he was the biggest drama queen, no matter how many tantrums Steve threw. “This is your tower as well. You all have rooms and little nooks of happiness and the building is actually in all of our names.” He sipped his mulled wine. “What?” he asked again in that impatient voice.
The idea came to him suddenly, as most ideas do. A couple of them were gathered for their weekly tactical training that Steve insisted on. He’d taken no shit, and no amount of mocking and needling made him give it up. He’d come up with a plan, rotating them on different scenarios and creating setbacks and issues that could arise. They would frequently call him the teacher from hell. So he requisitioned Hawkeye’s nerf gun and would promptly shoot them with foam darts in retaliation. He’d joked about detention precisely once before Tony turned it dirty and he blushed furiously at the knowing looks he received.
Good God, if Tony had inherited Howard’s mannerisms that made him a chatty drunk sometimes, Steve would actually cry. “What’s that?”
But Tony was smiling a bit now, and it seemed to not have been as insulting as it could have. “It’s okay, you’re right. Also, hearing you swear is music to my ears.”
“D - no! I know that look, its evil evil undersides, the last time I saw it in conjecture with me you’d made me decaf and I fell asleep in the suit, on Rhodey’s base, they’re still retweeting the photos and calling me the Sleeping Iron Maiden and I really -
“I’m gonna come,” Tony groaned through clenched teeth. “Please, oh please, my darling beautiful –” He finished that sentence in a long moan, curling inward to hold on to Steve’s hair.
“Yeah, I got jealous. I, uhm… That’s why I called everyone’s attention on you, I panicked that it was obvious. I’m sorry,” he said once more.
Pepper brought their formal wear the day before the charity gala. Steve’s foul mood was grateful that she didn’t insist they tried it on. When he pulled her aside to ask about Tony she rolled her eyes and touched his shoulder softly.
Steve was more nervous than before battle. Battles were routine, he trained for battles. They ran scenarios, sparred, tried to plan for unpredicted, and Steve was a soldier so battles gave him a rush of sorts. But this was new and horrible and Steve really wanted his shield.
“Damn it, I was hoping my downhearted look distracted you and you didn’t hear that. Look, just — I just want to make you come, darling.”
He inhaled right under Tony’s jawline, drowning in the smell of cologne and something unmistakably Tony. “Run away with me,” he said with a laugh.
“Oh, yes,” Steve said and patted Ben’s head slowly. “Darcy named it when she was riding around it on her mighty steed.”
he paused as he felt himself blush, but the respite didn’t last long. “And your stupid tux and the way you do everything and smile and make the kids laugh and for fuck’s sake,
They had totally bribed him with it, and he had been totally okay with it. They sat him down in the middle of the large sofa, flanked by Peter to his left, and Bucky to his right. They presented him with a large bowl of his bribe and he relaxed into the soft cushions, starting to munch on the offered snack. He didn’t know what they’d picked from the Movie Bowl - a system they’d implemented early on in their regular movie nights. It was a large bowl full of bits of paper where they’d written movies Steve and sometimes Bucky hadn’t seen when they were otherwise busy with the ice and brainwashing respectively, but that were generally considered must-watch either by them or by specialty websites.
The problem wasn’t that Tony was a man, or even that he was a fellow Avenger, or that he was Howard’s son, or that he was a dick most of the time, or that even if he was remotely attracted to men, he wouldn’t go for Steve’s righteousness and stubbornness and whatever it was that annoyed him about Steve. Oh, wait. Those were the exact problems. Maybe not the Tony being a man part, because Steve always knew he was a bit not-straight. And coming back into the modern day and age, he quickly adjusted to the fact that he didn’t need to stick a label on himself. It was a stark contrast to going into a battle against the Nazis with the distinct thought that some men wear a uniform better than others.
“Please put it on me,” Steve whispered before he lost his conviction completely. “I want to be good for you,” he added, trying to convince both himself and Tony.
He’d seen little of Tony that week. It happened every now and then, they’d come to terms with it. The first few times felt extremely definitive, like there was no coming back from that. It seemed far away, a lifetime of growth replacing that despair. Now it was enough to find each other in bed at some point during the night. They’d visit each other briefly throughout the day whenever they could, they’d text and send selfies.
. “I also thought I was gonna have to lock you two away until you finally hooked up,” she adds, laughing as she shoots at the bots.
“Would it be hard to believe there was a horse? Our washing machines sing ‘Do You Really Want to Hurt Me?’ when we put them on,” he whispered.
Once the administrative business was out of the way, Natasha pulled her dossiers out and set to work. Tony sighed and concentrated on the diagrams on his tablet. Steve had learned the hard way not to go anywhere without some form of entertainment. Waiting when there was nothing to occupy your mind with was the absolute worst, so he pulled his little sketchbook out.
“Pity.” And he was kissing him slowly, the smallest tilt of his head as Steve opened his mouth wider and worked Tony’s tongue with his own.
Tony’s hands were magical, Steve thought. They were warm and large, and most importantly, relentless in their soothing. He didn’t want to fall asleep, where he couldn’t even attempt to control his thoughts.
“Oh, no no no, Cap! Steve? Steve, come on, stay with me! Friday, shush the music.” He was holding Steve’s hands in his own, rubbing them harshly. Steve could almost feel it. “Steve? Steve! Darling, please! Steve, my beautiful darling, please, please try to focus on my voice.”
“Buck, I need a favour,” Steve started, already dreading the teasing he’d receive. After a short internal debate, he’d decided it was worth it.
A Doombot flies backwards by them. Steve stops next to him, pulling the cowl off. “I swear I’ll ground all of you!”
Nat walked in the surreality of the situation, took a look at Clint and promptly swore at him in Russian. “How did you find that?” she repeated Steve’s earlier question.
Clint interrupted their little spat. “Okay, okay, enough. Show of hands if you wanna suck fake dicks for Natasha’s birthday. She’s obviously gonna do it so we might as well show some solidarity…”
About two hours in, Rhodey lost to Steve at arm-wrestling for the seventh time. He was about to ask for a rematch, when Natasha asked to replace him. She sat down on the bar stool opposite him, smiling widely. On top of what Steve assumed was an actual crown, she now sported a plastic tiara adorned with large silver stars that bobbed whenever Natasha moved. Her eyes were as focused as always, but there was a subtle flush to her cheeks.
“It was perfect, darling.” He reached in between them to fondle Steve’s hard cock, then mimicked Steve’s earlier actions by kissing his tear-stained cheeks. “I don’t think I can ever give you up now, Steve.”
He understood the name, understood enough of the exchange to end it there. He caught Tony’s eye, but Tony looked on serenely, uncharacteristically quiet. It was disconcerting to say the least. Steve raised an eyebrow, Tony shook his head millimetrically and that was that. “Very well,” he conceded. “I will deliver the speech.”
Tony opened his mouth and Pepper covered it effectively with her hand. “Don’t you dare say no, Tony.” She said with a manic smile. “We’re taking the photo and we’re selling it at the New Year’s charity gala and we’re donating the money and you’ll be in it whether you want it or not,” she finished, and Steve was impressed by the sing-song qualities her little rant took towards the end.
Steve bashes it repeatedly with the shield, with what look like calculated hits, partly dismantling it. “I was perfectly relaxed, but you seem determined to annoy the shit out of me today.”
“We also tend to be reckless and rush into situations that seem without escape just to satisfy some sort of very inner inferiority complex,” he said casually.
“Please,” the man whispered, hips stuttering as Steve unbuttoned his jeans. “I want you,” he repeated. “Anything you want to give me, I’ll take it. I’m greedy and —
“Gorgeous, darling. You’re absolutely gorgeous.” He kissed Steve’s forehead once more. Then his hand moved to caress his shoulders, down the arch of his back. He kissed his cheek, then along his jaw. “How did I ever get so lucky, Steve?” The reverence in Tony’s voice spread through Steve’s veins, pleasing him to no end. “I’ve got a camera here. Polaroid, nothing digital, you know I won’t risk it. I want to take photos of you, to show you how beautiful you look. The primary reason is selfish, I won’t lie. I want to have something to stare at longingly when we’re not together.” He nuzzled Steve’s exposed throat. “Is that okay? I need you to safeword or safesign if you don’t want this.”
Manual labour had always been Steve’s go-to when he was overwhelmed mentally. When he was tiny, he did chores around the house to keep busy. Simple things like dusting and doing the dishes. He used to water all the plants in his building, stopping after every floor before he could start wheezing. So helping move debris was a blessing. The more he worked, the more his mind stayed focused on the task at hand, the more he could ignore the dread looming over him.
“Don’t worry, feel free to decorate if you want to,” he said and hurried back to the sanctuary of his room.
“Gimme,” he told him, pulling the pillow aside, then plopped on the bed next to him. “Can I kiss you now?”
Steve knew it was too soon, of course he fucking knew. But he also knew he'd never expected to have this. And that they could die any day, so what was rushing into something too quickly in the grand scheme of things, really?
Clint shrugged. “Some dickhead posted it on Twitter, trying to mock Steve. It backfired massively cause now it went viral with old fans and new fans. And with a lot of teenagers, but I’m not sure why.”
“Darling,” Tony whispered. He’d arched his back into Steve’s kisses, moaning as he received occasional tiny nips.
The only thing that motivated Steve to move was the promise of better contact. He managed to push the garment down, gasping when the cooler air of the room touched his skin. His skin... Steve remembered he had forgone underwear, and judging by Tony’s gasp, he just realised that as well.
The man was opening his legs further now, inching in closer to his cock, now half hard once more. “Can you move them back on the arms?”
In the large living room, the tree now had the fairy lights on. Darcy was sitting on Thor’s shoulders, holding on to two braids in the man’s hair. She made horse riding noises and laughing at the same time. Steve wasn’t even phased any more. He accepted the mug of hot chocolate from Bruce, who was watching her guide Thor around the Christmas tree with a tilted head.
Steve felt himself blush. “I should have known better,” he said. “Diplomacy is not my strongest suit.”
Once the door was shut he unceremoniously plopped down on the burgundy sofa and loosened his tie. He sighed dramatically, venturing into almost whining territory. Natasha opened her suitcase and pulled out a tablet like device, then started to methodically scan the large room.
“What? I’ve been making moon eyes at your for months, everyone and their mother knows. Oh my God, I literally can’t stop talking. You know the whole go big or go home, but I am already home, this is home because you’re here and you’re my home now. And so is Bucky, but I don’t have wet dreams about goddamn James Buchanan Barnes so I might as well go big and —“
“What?” he asked. “Remember Jacques bet me I couldn’t stick a bottle of beer down my throat? I won that one.”
They were silent for the drive, each caught in their own thoughts. Steve’s phone went off, then Tasha’s, then Tony’s, and they all groaned at what this meant.
Steve clenched his free hand into a tight fist; he started pulling the other one away. “Okay, thanks but –”
He briefly entered his room to change into jeans and a sweater, and put his formal wear in a clothes bag, then he followed her upstairs to Tony’s room. As soon as he realised what she was doing, he stopped in the door. “I’ll just wait here,” he told her. “It’s not right.”
Tony shuddered. “That was a horrible angle for my ballsack. Still trying to make the photo disappear, but there’s this idiot who keeps uploading it.”
“And I like to indulge myself in life’s best pleasures,” he added and sipped his scotch. “You okay captain? I don’t remember Cherry - wait, Christine? no, wait, what’s her...? - Chloe! There you go! I don’t remember her making me need fresh air. Although she is quite attractive. Bit of a pushy - what’s that word Thor used that one time that I liked?”
The sound of Tony’s voice was a balm. He managed to open his eyes, found a corner of the room, then another. He moved enough to look at Tony’s face. “You promised you’d fuck me,” he said.
Tony propped himself up on his hands, bringing the blue glow with him. He turned the lamp on and Steve looked, almost gasping. Tony was beautiful, with his hair sticking out everywhere, and his reddened cheeks and bitten lips. “Steve, please. Please, my beautiful, beautiful darling.”
Steve facepalmed. “No, please, come in! Got any friends who want to step into this reunion?” he asked sarcastically.
Tony had reached the inside of his knee and was kissing it wetly. “No, I get it. Barnes was here earlier to bring us food —“
She laughed, however, and pulled Steve’s hand closer, holding it almost tenderly. “There is darkness around you, Steve Rogers.” She frowned, her cloudy blue eyes losing their shine. “There is darkness, then there is light. You will face a great trial.”
“Yes, you did!” Tony shouted towards the door. “You said ‘we should check on Steve in a bit, he sounded asleep’ so I’m waiting for him to get in the shower!”
Steve had his face buried in his hands, shaking with laughter, embarrassment, potential minor crying, and sheer care for the giant idiot that was Tony Stark. Natasha was hitting her thigh repeatedly, trying to tap on the call button between high pitched laugh noises.
Tony gasped and clutched at his chest. “Captain! America! How could you? Kids, Steve says we should all sing some carols while he picks you up and you can ride him like a horse - AH I see!”
“Guys!” Clint’s voice is a bit exasperated, which is inherently amusing, as much as it makes Tony an asshole for finding it so.
“Well – well, okay, but the point was that my brain is like that but like, always.” There was another pause. “And also, it’s like when you go looking for a particular bit of information and the next thing you know it’s five hours later and you’re reading about hippos.”
Tony’s brain must have short circuited at some point, because he finally becomes aware of the guwaffs in his ear what must be seconds later. Steve’s grinning, the sneaky little shit, and Tony’s earlier conviction that he wasn’t physically able to be more attracted to Steve crumbles. His cheeks feel hot, and he’s so glad for the faceplate. “Shut up,” he grumbles.
“Of course. I shouldn’t be long.” Vision was doing so much better with adapting his speech patterns. Contractions were the newest addition.
He would never admit to anyone, especially to Tony, but they had all been right. It was complete madness. And the snow definitely didn’t help. Steve gritted his teeth, pulled the woolen hat lower on his forehead and opened their way with his larger frame. Behind him, Darcy was pulling Bruce by the hand, laughing at something. Steve absolutely refused to feel like a third wheel.
She paused for a second, then went into full business mode, checking Tony’s vitals and pulling out a stethoscope. Her awe seemed to have vanished. “Mister Stark, what were you thinking heading into that building? You could have been seriously injured.”
The man burst into laughter, shaking both of them as he pulled back. He went to wipe the dampness under his eyes that were not fully formed tears, but Steve knew. “You played with all of them for hours before asking, really?”
There were plenty of bottles pretty much everywhere around the large common room in the tower, but Steve also needed a dark corner to brood for a little. There was a poignant desire to lament his inability to get drunk. Because maybe if he could, he’d pass out and it would finally get quiet in his head. Like many other things that night, that wasn’t an option. So he sat down and drank scotch straight from the bottle, trying to attract as little attention as possible.
Steve sighed. “I feel like I’ve been cheated out of something great. Before the serum it would make me sick and after the serum it does nothing to me. I mean, I drink it anyway but it’s sad.”
“Guys, if you want to move your domestic dispute back at the tower, that would also be okay,” Wanda told them in a voice so sarcastic Pietro was probably crafting a badge as she said it. “I mean we can also stay here where these people running towards us can film it and put it on Youtube so we get hits and -”
Natasha was running behind him, barking orders in Russian. The closer he got, the worse the heat got. He swerved in time to avoid running into a couple of sheep. The petting zoo, Steve realised, was close to where the fire was. It smelled like burnt hay and melting plastic and his heart was pounding in his chest, trying to locate Tony in the mayhem. He paused to help a couple of young people evacuate some chicken, Natasha taking over so he could approach the affected area.
“I got off the phone, we’ve got a vet coming in to check on our new goat,” she informed them, effectively changing the subject. Steve breathed again.
Steve couldn’t help it. They were sweet and pathetic, and he loved them dearly. He laughed and nodded his consent while they congratulated each other fervently.
“You want me to put this on you, don’t you?” When Steve stayed quiet as a challenge, Tony gripped a fraction tighter, looking up at him. “Answer me, Steve.”
He shrugged. “It was on the bedside table, I fidget so I took it.” He offered the pencil to Steve who took it gratefully.
By the end of the red carpet, Steve thought he could grow an ecosystem on his palm given how many hands he’d shaken. He smiled and responded to greetings, and filed faces away for later. They were to be introduced to roomfuls of directors, less important directors, councilpeople, ill fitting suits and solid gold tie pins.
When she spoke, her voice was clear, lacking any tiny tremble that betrayed her age. Steve was moderately spooked, if he was completely honest. She had said something in Russian; one of the security guys snorted before composing himself and Natasha smiled benevolently.
“Darling?” When Steve moaned in response, he kept going, whispering in his ear. “You like it when I call you that?” Steve nodded. “I’ve had to bite my tongue from slipping a million times. Some days I’d go back to my lab and think about all the times I wanted to call you that throughout the day. Then I’d hide in the corner that’s not visible from the hallway, take my cock out, and whisper it as I touched myself thinking of you.”
“We get to celebrate your birthday. You let me give you presents and pamper you, the others get to do the same –”
Steve laughed as he remembered his wet dream vividly. “Are you trying to get me to apologise or not? Cause I’m a bit confused right now.”
Clint was bordering on hysteria, Steve was almost sure. He actually felt bad; as the sober one, he should have reined them in. But they seemed to genuinely have fun. But Clint was distressed. But Tony was radiating with happiness. But it was at someone else’s expense. But. Fuck.
He couldn’t trust his voice, so he nodded. Tony took a step forward, effectively cancelling all distance between them. Steve could feel the man’s toes touching his, the briefest of touches signalling just how close they were. Tony leaned forward, the small difference in height enabling Steve to receive the hug, feeling him mould just right to his torso. Steve hoped the quiet sigh he let out wasn’t too obvious. Tony lifted his head a little, the slow delicate burn of his facial hair on Steve’s cheek making his toes curl. He inhaled sharply.
“Yeah, we all have,” Natasha said. “Remember the one where they tried to get your bare ass but somehow there’s a hint of ballsack? Never managed to quite forget that.”
Steve took a moment to observe without looking like a pervert. Pietro had given up on his disappointment and was cheering on Wanda in typical supporting-my-twin-forever way. Wanda, for her part, kept her eyes down and opened her mouth wide to slide down on the thing. Vision seemed mildly amused by it. Steve wondered briefly how lust worked in his case, but the snort coming from Rhodey’s general direction stopped his thought. The man was trying his best not to choke on both the jelly dick and his laughter, leaning heavily into his palms on the table. Pepper wasn’t faring much better, pulling back and clutching at her chest to try and stop laughing.
“Oh, pish posh! I knew it was you,” she told him with a girly giggle. She opened the door fully and stepped aside so he could walk in. “Besides, I have my cane right here. I’d smack anyone who thought I’d be an easy target.”
“So you’re okay with using a real tree? Do you know the rate of deforestation in this country?” Tony asked him from the counter where he was perched, drinking what was definitely something with alcohol in it.
“You are just terrible, Steve! Terrible!” she exclaimed, and slapped his arm in innocent flirting. After they sat down for a cup of tea she turned and required him knowingly. “So you have no plans then?”
Once free from the man’s grip, and partly because his legs were unable to support him any longer, he kneeled on the floor. He managed to signal Tony to move up the bed, and despite the less than comfortable position, he proceeded to kiss deeply into his mouth, chasing the taste of his own come. Beautiful, brilliant Tony took the hint and turned on his front, kissing back with all he had. Steve rested his forehead on Tony’s, trying to catch his breath.
It was impressively thick. The veins on it stood out almost obscenely sensually and Steve found that he had never wanted to touch anything as much. With a tentative hand, he finally grabbed it. The hiss that he received as a response went straight to his own cock. The distinct thought that danced around his mind was that it would take a lot of patience to take it all - both in his mouth and later, if he was lucky, on all fours and
“Actual harassment,” Steve repeated and took his top off, folded it, and crossed his arms across his chest.
She tried bringing up the old fortune teller. Steve opened his mouth to discuss it, but decided against it. Whatever the woman had said, however much it seemed to fit with the immediately-after events, it was ultimately purely coincidence. Engaging with what he had been told, and even more than that, discussing it with another soul meant he would allow it to reside in the depth of his mind. And all he could associate with what Matilda had predicted was Tony and Tony and him together and Tony Tony Tony. So it was a staunch no from Steve.
“I don’t know what that word means,” Tony deadpanned. He was so unapologetically naked and it did things to Steve. “What did you score?”
They had made it off the ride alive, which Steve was immensely happy about. Steve was distracted by the petting zoo and the children enjoying all the animals when he was presented with cotton candy. As soon as he saw the pink fluffy texture his mouth watered. He had enough brain left to check who was offering it to him.
He washed his face and back of the neck in silence, words upon words echoing in the back of his head. Regret filled his entire body and would not let go no matter how much he tried to shake it. He went to tap on dial for Bucky’s number, but if he heard his oldest friend’s voice there was no stopping his breakdown. And there were more things to do, more face to save, more backbone behind chastising words that needed support.
Thor laughed and Bennu headbutted him gently before bleating loudly. “She says thank you; the kids used to read stories to her when she was younger and she learned a lot of new things.”
“Stop,” Steve told him gently. He bent to kiss him. “You didn’t push me to do anything. I’m trying to figure out where I can get tissues and maybe some water
“This…” Steve waved his hands chaotically. “This thing where you just get a boost of energy out of nowhere.”
Tony pushed him back down. “It’s okay! It’s okay, Steve, it’s just me. I’ve got you, you’re safe. It’s me. I’ll let go with one hand to reach for water, okay? Okay.”
“Can you fly to our location and take this massive tree off our hands? We still have errands to run and it would help us a lot.”
“Yes, but do I randomly spin at high speed for no fucking reason?” he countered and Nat laughed even more.
He opens his mouth to say as much, but he gets cut off by Rhodey’s, “No!”, and then by Bucky adding, “We were betting on when!”
He walked Natasha to her door and waited until she was in bed before turning her light off. “You gonna be okay?”
Tony’s eyes narrowed. He looked towards Steve who was trying to keep the most impassive face of his life despite the words ‘hint of ballsack’ (god damn it, Steve, ballsacks really?) and ‘naked ass’, then back at Natasha. “No,” he started slowly. “I imagine they’re not. In fact, I think they’re quite amazing. A force of nature. A work of art. Intelligent. Beautiful. Nay, stunning. Gorgeous. So brilliant at what they do. Genuinely an astonishing person.”
“Harder Stark, I can take it.” He breathed into Tony’s mouth and Tony grabbed his bottom lip with his teeth and pulled enough to make Steve jerk.
He picked it up and twirled it around; opening up the flip case, flip case, seriously Steve a flip phone? What a prat. He could have sent him a real actual useable phone. But no, he didn’t want there to be any other options on it. Clever fucker.
“Earth’s Mightiest Heroes…” He muttered to himself as he heard the penthouse elevator getting closer.
“What the fuck are you wearing?” Was all Tony could come out with when Steve walked into the suite, but this Steve was different. His walk was slow, tentative. It made Tony mad, how dare he be the hesitant one!
Steve downed the rest of his and leaned over Tony to place his glass gently on the floor. Tony grabbed Steve’s shoulders, causing him to drop the glass, which hit the floor with a clunk but stayed in one piece, how boring, and he pushed Steve back into the sofa and straddled him, he grinned and placed his hands on Steve’s chest.
Steve worked Tony’s cock as Tony pushed Steve so he was sitting up against the sofa, he lifted himself over the whopping great penis as it was now called in Tony’s mind and grabbed a condom, checking that it was extra large and stretchy, he had them in all sizes in every draw, you never knew who he might bring home. He ripped it open with his teeth and one hand, then drew his two lubed fingers up Steve’s shaft and then rolled the condom down it, they were already lubed, but Tony loved all the little things like the bottle in his hand, the condom almost didn’t fit and he had to swallow past a lump in his throat as he looked down at it. Steve was still working Tony slowly but surely throughout this and Tony handed him the other condom after ripping it out of the packet with his teeth. Steve put it on him with a clear precision that could only come from a methodical obsessive compulsive and then Tony dropped onto him, their wrapped tools rubbing against each other teasingly.
Steve looked back at Tony, his eyes burning, and licked his lips as he saw Tony pleasuring himself to the sight of his naked body. He longed to reach down to his throbbing cock, and he wondered if Stark would hit him again if he tried. He decided Tony would, so he did it. Quick as a flash Tony dropped his cock and socked his open palm into Steve’s ass and Steve let out the loudest moan he could muster, dropping his head into his hands and groaning, flirting his ass at Tony.
He was partly face-down, resting his temple on the heel of his hand, looking at Steve with a small smile. “Earlier when you were ranting,” he ignored Steve’s groan and continued, “you said something about not forming words. Now, because I’m a scientist and I witnessed you form
“Beautiful.” He pulled Tony in by the belt loops to plant a kiss under his arc reactor. “No shoes, please?” It felt odd asking, and he felt his face heat up as he did.
He stumbled to the pile of dishes from the previous night and threw himself into washing them almost aggressively. It gave his hands something to do, and his brain a repetitive task that meant he could compartmentalise his anguish. Except there was no compartmentalising to be done, not really. The thoughts bounced around his brain, each interaction making him physically cringe. He had never frowned at anything at much as he did at the frosting covered bowls.
“I didn’t mean to –” he started, not knowing where to go with it. Around him, the noise had switched to conversations and movement. It was dizzying.
“And she knows I prefer almond milk and makes sure to add it to all the cups of coffee she brings me.” Bruce sighed. “And in the afternoon she makes my tea for me and brings me food sometimes when she knows I’ve been to busy and forgot to eat.”
He found Tony finishing a sandwich of sorts, sitting cross legged on the kitchenette table, wearing only pants and the blue glow of the arc reactor. “Your pal is an angel,” he informed Steve. Then he looked up. “Oh, fuck me,” he blurted out.
“No more doing things around the house tonight, you’re too big to be a house elf. And they’re not as cute. Now move,” he kept prodding at his chest, pulling at his arms, and even yanked his hair a little.
“Bench press that armchair for ten minutes.” She pointed to Tony. Okay, okay, this was not so bad. The man moved to get up, and Nat shook her head. “No, you stay on it, sunshine.”
“I’ve wanted you ever since I first saw you. Even before that, when I watched footage and saw photos,” he said between kisses. His hand went to cup Steve’s cheek, then pulled him closer so he could kiss him properly.
Bucky let go of his side of the tree to go stand next to Natasha. Surprised by it, Thor dropped the thing and stumbled forward. The threat of the god squashing the otherwise sturdy branches was real, and Steve found himself shouting along the others. Salvation came from the door frame, where Wanda was literally working her magic to stop both the tree from certain doom, and the Avenger from falling. It resulted in him being suspended in mid air, and the tree surrounded by a protective bright red shield. For a moment, Steve could have kissed her in gratitude. Then he really looked at her.
Tony lands next to his boyfriend, kicking a crawling bot away from them. “You don’t actually believe that, right?”
“I want to come! I want to – Tony, please!” Steve was half sobbing now, moaning on every pull of the beads, every catch on the rim felt like time was heavier and slower, and Steve was suspended in that almost there place.
The scientist turned to face him. “Okay, are you sure you can’t get drunk? Cause you’re saying some liquor-wise things right now, some of which are complete bullshit,” he laughed.
It turned out he didn’t actually have time to give himself the foreplay he’d sketched in his mind. So he roughly pinched his nipples a couple of times, tugged at his semi and went straight to rubbing lube on his hole. He made it quick, not ideal for a new toy. But it was his own fault really, so he rushed the adjustment time needed, popping the first bead in. Cute, but nothing on Tony’s first knuckle. Neither was the second bead, despite the slight increase in size. The third brought out a sigh, and yeah okay, this would actually work. He toyed with the fourth one too, but the giddiness of experiencing this fully for the first time in front of Tony won, and he stopped. He didn’t account for the removal of the first three beads, and for how much he would enjoy it. So he stroked his cock until he began to feel the tension in the back of his balls, and forced his hand to move away.
The second time he was left speechless by how attractive Tony was, Steve blamed it all on Father Christmas and the stupid, very stupid revolving Christmas tree. The fairy tale-like snow didn’t help.
In response, Tony pushed his head down. The movement prompted his throat to engulf Steve’s cock further, and in turn, he lost control of his hips briefly, stuttering in the tight heat. He froze, waiting for a reaction from the man. Tony’s hand gripped his own cock, pumping it lazily.
He was moved, but he wanted to be alone more than anything. “After you hit 100 they all just blur into old age.”
“Oh my fucking God! Oh my God, I can’t deal with you, I just can’t. You cannot physically be this beautiful, you can’t.”
“Friday, where’s Tony?” he asked on the empty hallway. He wasn’t sure when exactly “Stark” had become “Tony”, but there was no universe in which he could go back.
“Told you to leave him alone, Tony,” Nat shouted from the other room. “If he kills you I won’t blame him.”
Steve was gone. This was it, he was gone. Good bye forever. Tony’s eyes crinkled and it physically hurt Steve because he just wanted to hold the man. He wanted to hold the man and sit on the floor and look at the stupid revolving tree -
And just like that, the doubt dissipated from Steve’s mind. He lined his cock and pushed it in the hot mouth presented to him. He figured this was the opposite of freezing to near-death. The heat was unbearably good; then Tony hollowed his cheeks and Steve found himself unable to even moan. All he could do was push in, half an inch at a time, paying close attention to the way Tony reacted, careful not to hurt the man. He felt it when he reached the back of his throat, but then it relaxed and opened up to him.
“Come on, Stark. It’s gonna be like that time we were stranded in Atlantic City. I remember you taking off your shirt and well, are we still banned there?”
It was instantaneous. Tony was out of his chair, next to Steve, cradling his face in those calloused beautiful hands and kissing him before he had time to add anything else. “Where do you want me?” he asked.
When they finally made it to their assigned car, Steve was ready to bolt, make a run for the plane and fly back home. Despite his track record with flying towards that part of the world, he was willing to risk it. It seemed he wasn’t the only one, if the nudge to his ribs was any indication.
“Aunt Peggy would have kissed you,” Tony said laughing. “I could kiss you!” Steve’s knees almost buckled. “Pepper texted and said it’s being contained, she’s issuing press releases right, left, and center.”
The knot in his throat expanded all at once and he choked on thin air. He grasped at his throat and chest, feeling the soaked fabric under his fingers. The violent heat had replaced the cold and now he was burning up, he could feel it right under his skin. He pulled his top off, rejoicing in the momentary cool air. Through some sort of out-of-body experience, where he seemed to float above his stiff body that was still rooted to the floor, he worked to anchor himself.
It was a byproduct of their lives, he concluded once more. There were always unexpected situations, and even when that wasn’t the case, there were schedules to follow, plans to see through, and matters to attend to. It happened organically, this getting together to do stuff. A movie night just the two of them, a run and street food after, the time spent before the run putting together disguises and laughing at each other’s silliness, lab time for fun and a drawing session for Steve. Overall, he could happily say they were spending plenty of time together.
Steve nodded at Natasha and turned around, still rocking the goat. He took a step closer to Tony to shield him from view. “I’m sorry I’m in your face, I’m trying to minimise the coverage they get of you,” he said quietly.
“I believe you’ll find out,” she started, playing with a knife that had definitely not been there thirty seconds before, “that you have been laughing at our antics and failed to participate. Now that isn’t very nice, is it?”
Steve snort-laughed, then realised how it came across. “Sorry,” he sighed, “I didn’t mean for it to sound like that. I don’t feel uncomfortable around you, I think I feel uncomfortable around myself.”
“500 feet?” Clint asked and Natasha lifted her foot to show the realness of her threat. “Okay, okay, just sort it out please. Pepper will get mad if I’m not ready.”
“What’s a — it’s so soft!” Steve was reluctant to put it on. Upon closer inspection, it had some faded writing that said “my favourite scientist says you’re wrong”.
“Also your bed smelled like you, I don’t understand how that’s possible,” Tony continued absentmindedly. “God, I hate Amaretto, I feel like something crawled in my throat and died there.”
Keeping his hands off Tony was not an easy task. There was a distinct feeling of anticipation that had settled in his chest. It wasn’t the unpleasantness of anxiety, but it was nerves nonetheless. He chose to focus on the man instead for the elevator ride.
The sparkle in Tony’s eyes was a solid promise. “Come here.” Steve went with no hesitation. It was too late to be embarrassed and he was too far gone. He let Tony maneuver him into turning, then almost keeled over when he felt lips on his ribs. Little pecks here and there, then a swipe of tongue, an open-mouthed kiss, fingertips on his knee. “You’re gorgeous. Beautiful. So beautiful. Grip your cock, darling – there you go, now turn to me, lemme see you.”
Steve let go slowly, making sure the tree wouldn’t topple, and eventually stepped back to look at it. “All crooked, you mean.” He sighed. “You know, I’m going to shower and have something to eat and maybe take a nap,” he informed them as cheerfully as he could without sounding fake. It clearly didn’t work, but they were kind people, and let Steve go.
“Sure,” Steve agreed sarcastically. “I mean sleep is just plain unnecessary really. We should all just not sleep and instead go into people’s rooms and harass them until they snap. That’s a much better plan.”
Tony draped himself over his chest, though, kissing his jawline and cheeks and the corner of his eye. “My beautiful darling,” he whispered, touching Steve’s arm and side of the neck, cupping his head to pull him closer. “I’m so sorry I caused you pain, I wish I knew sooner.”
“You want more, baby?” Steve moaned around the digits fucking his mouth slowly, opening his mouth to receive another one. “So good for me,” Tony whispered absentmindedly. Then he added his pinkie, pressing down on Steve’s tongue to hold his mouth open. “You want this, don’t you?” He licked his lips invitingly and Steve was growing frantic.
Natasha touched his cheek in a loving gesture and walked out, urging them to follow her. Steve did and a couple of second later he heard Tony huff and puff.
An aide came by all flustered and informed him he was going to wrap up the event with his speech. His. As if he hadn’t just been given the entire fucking thing to say on stage like a puppet. But that was a road best not taken in public, in a foreign land, without his shield and in a confined space. The anger at being used wasn’t new, but it was best left for sleepless nights and solitary overthinking.
Clint’s new controller set was a great hit with him, and Bucky caught the one the marksman threw at him. They settled on the floor quickly and immersed themselves into their usual friendly competition that involved about twenty swear words per minute. Natasha kissed his cheek softly for her new necklace, and Darcy threw herself at him in “eternal gratitude” for her new taser.
Whenever he got in his head like this — not necessarily in a destructive manner, just… in his head is how he’d described it to Minnie The Therapist — he’d bring up the counter arguments too. It was a fairly new experience, to balance the bad out with good things as well. He was trying, okay?
man? He read about that new slang word on the internet, and he wouldn’t admit it to anyone, but he felt cool using it, even if it was just in his thoughts.
Natasha smiled. “I remember when Christmas didn’t exist. They moved it to the 1st of January. In the… in the Red Room we knew there was a celebration on the 7th and we knew what it was, but we were never allowed. It was just another day.”
He almost forgot to change in his hurry to get inside. The city was buzzing, and he was really hoping there wouldn’t be any lunatic to ruin the fun. He was hoping even villains wanted to celebrate the end of a year and the beginning of a new one. Or that they were drunk and passed out. Whatever, as long as they left the city alone for a night.
“Ah, that’s because I want to seduce you and I’m still in awe at the fact that you want me. I need to keep you interested.” If he were honest, there was a modicum of real worry behind his words.
He knows darkness. He knows pain and worry. He knows helplessness and he knows regret. He knows shortness of breath. By his parents’ coffins. In the cave in Afghanistan. On the floor where he woke up half naked in a puddle of his own vomit. When Obie pulled his arc reactor out and he felt his heart ache like it never had before.
They stood together for a while. It didn’t feel out of place under the smoke smell still lingering around them. On the streets below, people were happy, and Steve allowed himself the tiniest inkling of hope that perhaps the two of them could be happy as well.
“You said a piece of paper that said ‘present’, so here you go.” Tony grinned, his eyes smiling from behind the frames.
“They are on duty because they have a job. This woman used to be my neighbour, she remembers me from the war, every now and then she makes me a pot roast, and she is alone. And she won’t trust a stranger. I’ll just be a bit late,” he finished, trying to work out how to fix his sleeves.
“I don’t understand that reference,” Steve shouts after him, but his face is split in a grin, and for now, Tony knows it’s okay. “Take me up?”
Nat went first, shooting down all the little moving ducks with a ferociousness that was at least a little unsettling. The man cheered her on, pulling levers to drop more targets. They were attracting a crowd. Steve went next, adopting a much more relaxed shooting style. He was preparing for a second round of shooting when he felt Tony approach him and speak quietly not-quite in his ear, but close enough that he could feel the man’s warm breath on this neck.
“Oh my god, please! Please shut up.” Steve shouted from under the pillow he pulled from the bed and was currently using to try to smother himself. “How can you talk so much?”
“Okay, okay, we can sort this out. I’ll call the chopper to get you in and out quickly, there’s no way you’re driving to Brooklyn and back in time. And take your clothes with you, if she sees you all dressed up she’ll know.” She looked around to assess the situation. “You all look pretty ready to leave so go downstairs and head off. Tony will meet us there, hopefully at least a bit sober.” She turned to Steve. “That shirt needs cufflinks, come with me.”
“Give me a minute?” he asked, trying his best to contain the nerves that threatened to seep out in his voice.
“I love this, I really do –” Steve stopped at once. “No, don’t! I just know my body, I’ve touched myself enough in recent months to become super reacquainted with it,” he laughed. When Steve kept his distance, he shifted closer to him. “I want you so much. But I’m old and I haven’t slept in… a while, I guess. I’m not gonna be able to come,” he said with a sigh.
“Not to mention they would end up in a war, probably against us, and I’m too old for this shit, not nearly as old as Steve, who is also too sentimental for this shit, and you’d either kill them all eventually or leave on holiday cause you’re bored.”
“I want to,” Steve told him. “I want to kneel for you and I want to know how you taste and — I’m going to come, Tony,” he warned, moving his hips faster.
Tony cocked his head, looking at him with kind eyes. “You don’t owe me anything, Steve. If you wanna talk about it, when you wanna talk about it, I’ll be there for you. But the last thing I want is for you to be uncomfortable around me.”
“I don’t know, Cap. Will you let me?” She cocked her head to the side, flirty as always. The stars on her head dangled dangerously.
Tony’s face took on a panicked expression. “Oh, no. No no no no no! Fuck the cupcakes, we can throw the cupcakes out.”
Tony scoffed. “That’s my cue to leave. Gonna go see a man about a stuffed sheep for this guy I know,” he said with a laugh and walked away while Steve tried his hardest not to follow.
Tony smiled again. He picked one himself. “I calculated all ingredients using formulas and then tasted to check as well,” he explained.
Steve actually shrieked, jumped, reached for his shield, and ultimately fell in a heap on the hard floor.
“And I can’t offer her stability or a family.” Bruce drank, passed the bottle to Steve, waited, took it back, and drank some more. “Or going out clubbing!”
His phone vibrating brought him back in the car. It had gone silent or perhaps unobserved for a while there, but now Steve felt tased every time it lit up with a new notification. There were hundreds of messages from his teammates. Emails, requests for interviews. Those would be dealt with by Pepper and her interns and Hill and her army of agents. It was unfair and Steve wished he could be small again. Small and easy to hide behind the magnitude of what the Avengers represented and perhaps then people would forget all about him. How beautiful it would be.
His brain was so clouded, so full of contentedness and so busy filing all the ways in which Tony Stark had touched him, he had no strength to rationalise anymore. The worry was present, when was it not? But there were silver linings, materialised in the whispers and the kisses and the way Tony got him to open up. He would have been embarrassed, and in all honesty he was, but then Tony snuggled up to him and it was enough. He maneuvered both of them so he could pull a blanket mostly over Tony, and settled in for a little nap.
“With the people there? Captain!” Tony mumbled as he pulled a testicle into his mouth to lick it filthily.
He can’t see. He can’t breathe. The dust particles fill his eyes and nose and throat, it stings to keep breathing and he wishes he could stop. It feels like the desert, like having his head dunked in water, like torture that he has no reason to take anymore. Someone is calling his name, but he can’t stop digging.
He was grateful he had the forethought to hang his clothes up. He buttoned the shirt quickly, threw the grey tie around his neck, and draped the blazer on his arm. Tony’s private plane would be warm, and it would be too uncomfortable to add another layer of clothing, regardless of how expensive it was. Clint was fast asleep when he left his room, and he snickered as he tucked his colleague in better.
He tried not to groan because he was more polite than that, but after surrounding himself with infuriating people it was getting increasingly difficult to contain. It spoke volumes about the level of comfort he had reached, both within his team and with Mrs Williams, if he wasn’t even all that bothered. Not when she laughed wholeheartedly like that.
,” he spat the word, “I will not stand behind this propaganda. Your people protest and you expect us to believe everything is going well. To pose for photos and shake hands and be on our merry way? Unacceptable. Thank you.”
There was longing in her voice that didn’t bode well for Steve. “Let’s not start another international incident if we can help it, shall we? Nice and easy, smile and wave, boys.”
“Talk to me, Steve,” Tony said, and it might have been his imagination, but he sounded like he was closer now. “Look at me, please.”
, but Tony was in danger so he scrambled to the doors, punched in his personal code and stumbled in. The music was blaring, a familiar tune by now. Steve was glued to the floor, frozen in fear and unable to move. He focused on finding anchors around the room.
“Well, that’s the most physical I’ve been in ages,” she told them after a quick succession of straight-from-the-bottle tequila shots.
Tony chuckled sadly. “Maybe with a bit more punctuation and less sarcasm, but yeah, pretty much that.”
Steve really wanted to stop reading all the crap they wrote and produced about him, about his mother, about where he had lived in Brooklyn, about every single aspect of his life. Was he single? Was he really an asshole? Was he ever going to find a nice girl and settle down? Did he have children? Had he paid the mothers off? Tony found this last one hilarious, but it really really wasn’t. Tony said he had to deal with that constantly, but Tony had also lived under constant media surveillance, so he was used to it.
Steve went in determined to thank Tony for being a Good Friend. Instead, he seemed to have lost his brain-to-mouth filter. Which explained why he just told Tony everything he'd been keeping secret for months. Like the fact that he was irrevocably attracted to him.
“T-shirts that fit. Yeah, that’s right, no more gallivanting around the tower looking like your arms are being strangled,” Sam said with a smirk.
“You do know what a threesome is, right?” Tony asked at the same time as Steve said, “It does sound a little like a threesome, not gonna lie.”
“So beautiful,” Bruce agreed with shining eyes. “She has this small smile on sometimes and a frown on her left side when something doesn’t make sense. And her face lights up when she talks about something she’s interested in.”
“Maybe it is, but I love it,” Steve blurted out, feeling the heat take over his cheeks. “I mean… I mean. You could be getting me a car or a piece of paper that says ‘present’, and I’d love it anyway. It’s who you are, I don’t care if it’s over the top,” he finished lamely. “Besides it’s from the heart, no matter what it is. If it wasn’t from the heart you wouldn’t even remember and –”
“Hi, you might know me?” he opened in a fake-uncertain voice. There were laughs around the room. He could feel his phone go off in his pocket and unless they’ve made the fiftieth group chat he hadn’t had a chance to mute yet, this was a private message. He could imagine Bucky’s panicked “steve no” and smiled despite himself. Out of all the ways to get himself noticed by his crush, addressing an entire fucking nation was the worst one. And fair, this wasn’t
Bereft of the steadying pressure of the embrace, alone and watching the sky rapidly distancing itself from him, Steve thought falling was absolutely nothing like flying.
“Steve, what train?” Bucky turned his face this way and that way, checking for something. “Are you poisoned?” He paused, looked around. “Are you cursed?”
“It’s honestly nothing, Tony,” he said tiredly. “I have a lot on my mind and I just need to focus harder, that’s all.”
What a stupid man he was, he laughed, and headed up to do some research and hopefully some online shopping.
The master allowed them to pick smaller toys, stuffed bunnies and teddies. Tony did, slipping extra money to the man to cover all expenses. Then he let his teammates have some and together they distributed them to the children who had gathered around to watch them.
“This fight is yours, Captain. Maybe you will. Maybe you will not. There is fire in your future. You were cold, Steve Rogers. But there is fire in your future. Burning angry fire. Smoke. Danger,” she repeated.
Things were never quite calm in Steve’s life. Correction, in Steve’s conscious life. He imagined things were quite calm for the million years he was frozen. But in his conscious life, he always had some memory or the other of turmoil of sorts. It was a very blanket statement. When he was young, there was the stress of dying as he walked, or of being beaten up and bleeding behind a dumpster - or in a dumpster, depending on his assailants’ mood. When he went through the procedure that made him Captain America (and Bucky always
“A light alloy, tiny bearings - it’s similar to this one’s arm,” he explained, nodding towards Bucky. “They can start a band.”
“You’re an asshole, that’s what you are. Steve, you know how you always tell me I’m an asshole, no no darling, she’s an asshole. Nay, beyond an asshole -”
Natasha snorted and patted his knee affectionately. Steve was confused, but things seemed alright, so he kept quiet despite the loudness of his mind. He focused on the lights rushing by as they were being driven to their hotel.
“Stop fucking around and check on the twins. Vision and Sam are covering us, you’re the only one that’s got eyes in the sky!”
He opened his eyes only to stare into Tony’s smiling ones. “Tony! Tony! Tony! See how annoying this is?”
They stayed on the balcony trading barbs until Steve felt stable enough to go back in. Bucky knew to stop pushing for answers, and focused on insults and jokes instead. He mentioned wishing he had a cigarette, and Steve agreed despite only trying to smoke once and nearly dying in the process.
Pepper stepped into their little circle of mistrust. “Tony, you need to come entertain the ambassadors before they write another letter about how unwelcoming you are. I wouldn’t care if I didn’t have to deal with it - oh, you’ve got to be kidding me.” She rubbed a thin finger between her eyebrows.
“No, we won’t. We’re not savages. But I know you’d rather wear something more comfortable, so here we are.”
Tony’s eyes were trained on Steve’s. His thrusts were growing erratic. “You belong with me, you’re mine, my love, my heart.” Tony’s eyes widened, his fingers dug into Steve’s shoulder blades. “Love your big hands choking me,” he moaned. “You’re gonna make me come, gonna milk my cock with that tight ass of yours, aren’t you?” His voice was strained, laced with despair.
Steve hid his face in his hands in what has half a double-facepalm, half a please-God-make-the-ground-open-up-and-swallow-me. He looked up when he heard laughing.
Thor placed a crown on her head, naming her their queen for the night as soon as the bottle of tequila was finished. Someone put some lounge music on, and Steve was pleased to see his friends enjoying themselves as they mingled.
“I’m Andy Martin, Sir. Technically, I was a SHIELD employee but after… yeah, I got a job for Stark Industries and Agent Hill vouched for me so now I work directly for Miss Pepper,” he explained in that clipped tone agents always retained.
“Open your mouth, darling.” Steve obeyed instantly. Tony was focused behind the glasses, regarding Steve with both reverence and wickedness, with hope and love and desire.
Tony squatted next to her, petting her head gently. “She’s been so patient with us,” he explained affectionately. “We contacted a friend of Bruce’s in Australia and he was able to help us build these for her.”
“I’m fine, I’m fine.” Tony went to go past the doctors, but Steve grabbed his shoulder and steered him back.
“Mine. You’ve been so good, Steve. You never cease to amaze me, you know?” His fingers went around Steve’s cock, still barely-there touches. “You put so much thought into everything. And you’re creative and daring.” He paused. Steve felt him move, then he felt moisture on his cock. Tony started stroking him. “You let me see you like this, you show me how to love you. You give me so much, darling. You make me so happy.” He picked up the pace a fraction.
Steve was so familiarised with the feeling of being hit by a train at this point, he was rationalising it the best he could. But curiously, instead of being speechless, as it had happened before, he found himself shaking with how much he wanted to tell Tony
And it's done! Can't believe I finally managed to finish it. And on Joey's birthday no less. (Happy birthday, soulmate! Love you now and forever.) I'll keep writing in this verse, but anything new will be posted in a different series. Thank you for sticking with me though writing this 100k 5 times series.
“Oh, no,” Steve deadpanned, but pulled back, wishing nothing more than for Tony to climb into his lap, plans be damned.
He’s squinting now, desperate to get his bearings and go back to where Steve is. Barnes is pushing him down on the ground, coming up on his right side to pull him into his chest.
Natasha opened the door fully, blinding both of them. She knocked only after that, mostly mockingly. “Fuck’s sake, it sounds like a threesome. We don’t mean it like a threesome, Steve.”
The third bead was in and Steve sighed wistfully. Then he added another, accompanied by a moan that he couldn’t contain. He moved the hand on his balls to pinch his nipple. The catch on the rim was a tease when he pulled two of the beads out; he pushed them back in quickly, followed by the fifth bead on the toy. “I want to –” He twisted them a little, enjoying the wiggle inside him, but frustrated that they were neither thick enough nor quite where he wanted them. “Tony,” he started.
“That’s because you keep skipping your damn training and I get bored of looking for you,” Natasha said casually. “I’m keeping track, by the way. You owe me twelve miles and four kickboxing sessions.” Darcy just grabbed the closest vodka bottle and started chugging. “And a hundred and fifty push-ups,” the redhead continued unfazed.
A common topic every year when May rolled around. Or whenever someone had a birthday. A common topic overall, really.
Steve tried. He tried, his mind reeling, body frozen. Tony was there, Tony was there and safe and he was trying to comfort Steve instead of the other way around. So Steve focused as hard as he could and managed to grasp back Tony’s hands.
The chopper was there, tired pilot and all. Steve got in, secured his clothes and himself and signalled where he needed to be. It was a short ride, and he pointed out the nearest roof that wouldn’t raise too many questions.
. The man was burnt, disfigured on his entire left side, body contorted unnaturally. From the walls, he could hear evil cackling, all around him the heat felt like it was melting his skin. When he looked down to his hands, they were just burning bones.
Steve was leaking on his own stomach, his dick hard and needy. “I’m running out of ways to say please, Tony,” he said, annoyance shining through the breathy voice.
record.) When he was young, he watched people get on them and never return. He dropped Bucky from one. He watched helplessly as the one he was on sped wildly through Seoul. So the first time he realised he was attracted to Tony Stark, it felt like he turned his head and all of a sudden he was standing on the railway and headlights were closing in on him, there was no time to move aside, and his breath was stolen from his lungs.
He sorted the light bulbs out first, and then moved on to fix the boiler. After gruesome minutes of diagnostics, everything took a turn for the better when he realised the error was due to low water pressure. From there it was just a matter of identifying the right knob, and as soon as that was done the familiar whirring started up again.
“Yeah? It should be safe, I mean it’s mostly for metal but you’re pretty much indestructible and I’ve already inhaled so much of this shit, I’m probably an addict by now,” he laughed. Steve made to get up, eyes still firmly shut. “I’m joking! I invented it, it’s safe. I think.” And laughed some more.
Darcy pulled a hat over her ears and wrapped herself in a purple scarf. “Now if you’re done throwing a tantrum, we’re going out to buy shit for Christmas.” Bruce helped her into her coat.
“Didn’t say straight away,” he repeated in a singsong voice. He threw a cushion on the floor and kneeled in front of Steve. “My joints are as old as you,” he quipped.
So, tactically. Problem: Steve was currently speechless halfway through a bottle of scotch that did absolutely nothing to him (while everyone was having a blast) because he found his friend hot and there was no way anything would come of it for various reasons. There, that was the most compact way of putting it. Steve was thankful the babbling in his head didn’t translate into his reports. Solution: drink the entire bottle, put on a smile, and join the party before someone asks questions.
, now I’m actually making sure you’ll never want to look at me again – why couldn’t I shut up and push it down and wait it out and –”
I reiterate what I said in the previous chapter's notes: this is ridiculous even by my standards, it's meant to be funny and witty and it's probably just ooc. Please mind the fact that this is politics-heavy, as in mentions of the political regime of this unspecified country, mentions of Fox News and Breitbart, subtle anti-far-right sentiments. Additionally, this is a hot mess of a chapter, sorry y'all. Mentions of anxiety and panic - if you've read the other parts of this series you know Steve isn't doing great with that. (More anxiety and PTSD-related angst in the next installment.) Also, group chat brought back by popular demand – literally not one person asked for it but it’s cooler to put it this way woo.
Clint picked up where he had been rudely interrupted. “The question is, how are you gonna make things right?”
Tony gave him a smoldering look. “Captain, I have a folder on my private server with photos of you and unintelligible plans I made for when I finally worked up the courage to see if you were actually into me or not. And research porn.”
Tony clasped his shoulder briefly in what Steve was adamant was a great gesture of affection and regardless of the truth, he would cherish it as such. “Coffee, Cap. Lots and lots of coffee.”
“Sometimes I’m selfish and grateful you were frozen. Like, yeah I know it was really shitty for you, but if you hadn’t I probably wouldn’t have met you and I think,” he paused to yawn, “that I’d have missed you a lot.”
Back in Tony’s room, the sheets somehow smelled like him, and Steve was surprised to discover he didn’t feel like he was missing a home after all.
Steve half-hugged himself both in protection from the outside world, and because the rush of affection was ever-present whenever Tony’s voice was involved. “Yes?”
“I couldn’t help,” Steve whispered. “I couldn’t do anything, and the heat was horrible and –” He paused to breathe in, trying his hardest to regulate his heartbeat. “And the cold has been getting to me again,” he continued, realising only a second too late what he’d done.
Steve was ready to come, he’d been ready to come since they got into bed together. He started fucking into Tony’s mouth. Slowly at first, getting used to how much he could push, how fast and how deep. On his part, Tony hollowed his cheeks and hummed around the hardness that was rhythmically fucking his mouth. Occasionally, Steve would slide down to his throat, stop for a second, and pull back out.
He’d handed out coffee and painkillers to his hungover teammates, laughed at Darcy flopping down on the kitchen island and growling at anyone who tried to move her, tried not to get too jealous at the easy way Bruce’s hand patted her shoulder when he sat next to her, aggressively suppressed the shudder threatening to escape when Tony walked in, hair sticking out, pyjama pants riding low on his hips, and laughed at Natasha threatening Bucky to cut his other arm off if he didn’t stop singing. You know, the usual.
It was all very informal, with just the Avengers and their close friends. Vision trying to be inconspicuous in his white button down, drifting around Wanda as close as possible without clinging to her. Quicksilver speeding around the room smiling at Maria Hill in that downright shameless manner that made Fury cock his head ominously. Pepper and Maria converging to the side to complain about managing what were basically children. Bruce chatting to Jane and pretending not to be dumbstruck by Darcy’s pin-up dress and hair. Sam and Bucky to the side, chatting animatedly about sport, Steve guessed. It looked like a promising night. No trains in sight.
The implications of what that meant made Steve quiver with anticipation. He should have been embarrassed by the speed with which he located the bottle and returned to Tony, legs bent at the knees, spread wide and shaking. But he was past that. He needed everything Tony wanted to give him.
over a table and eat him out for hours. But he can’t, not in that setting, not with everyone listening in. He’d shout it from the rooftops, and he considers it briefly. But then they’re being shot at and he knows his time is limited.
Steve’s world was narrowing down, and he knew he had to act fast. Before the world would collapse and he would come to with his friends pitying eyes glued to him. So he forced himself to chuckle, trying to be convincing. “Don’t worry, Clint. I knew I’d have to face that one day.” He looked towards Natasha, and she seemed to know, as she was prone to do.
There was a break in the speeches, allowing for small talk and mingling. Steve firmly refused to get up and introduce himself to opportunistic assholes. He was polite when they approached him, shaking their hands and allowing their boastful one-sided conversations. If anything, out of sheer politeness alone. The prime-minister sat down in the recently vacated chair next to Steve.
He was wearing a Captain America shield t-shirt, an older version of the merchandise - the colour had faded a bit, the fabric had become off-white - that emphasised the way the muscles on his upper arms were almost bulging; Steve wanted to lick them.
Help came in the way of Thor, however. Majestic still, in jeans and flip flops. “Friends,” he boomed. “Hello!” They all greeted him, including Bennu, who let out what seemed like a happy bleat. “A goat!”
Steve considered the situation for a second. “What’s your name, son? You work for Pepper Potts, right?”
“With her clairvoyance shit, my heart nearly stopped. And I don’t even know…” For a moment there, he seemed to be losing steam, but then he heard a shuffling, and he remembered something. “And you’ve got a newspaper. Really, Tony? A newspaper? And this domestic setting and I just – I can’t – as if it wasn’t enough I’ve already fucked everything up time and again because I’m a
“We really need to settle on a pet name for me.” He was circling that spot inside Steve, almost touching it, almost taking pity on his need. “But I’m afraid that’s not it,” he added.
“Because he hadn’t slept and couldn’t entertain himself for another two hours or so,” Natasha answered and shoved the scientist a little.
Tony was quiet for a while. They enjoyed the cupcakes in silence, broken by the occasional whirring noise from Dum-E. “Stephen Colbert wants you on.”
“That’s the least of my worries. As long as you insult me, I know you’re alive, and that’s all I care about really.”
“That building should have never been authorised,” the doctor explained in English. “Assholes, they knew it was a risk.”
“You all suck,” he says petulantly as he jumps down on one of the Doombots taking over the street below.
Tony laughed. “Steve, I get jealous when teenage girls on the internet say you’re cute.” He kissed him again. “And the fight. I thought – the idea that I could be losing you – Rhodey had to get me shitfaced and put me to bed, I would not shut up about it.”
He picked up the fork, feeling very self conscious about how slow he perceived his movement. Maybe they had drunk enough not to notice the slight tremor in his fingers. Steve bashed people’s heads in with his shield. This was ridiculous. He went for one of the legs, trying to position the knife as well as possible. The small shriek when a manicured hand shot out and slapped the turkey’s breast absolutely
Had he been paid to say what he said? Had he been paid by Tony Stark to say what he said? What were Tony’s interests with this emerging country? Why was it Steve who was sent there? Who decided? Who was Steve’s direct handler? Who would answer? What was Steve’s chest circumference
“Of course! Go on, we’ll be here.” As soon as the kids were half into the box, Steve turned to Tony. “Did you seriously think there would have been a horse in the tower?”
“Tony,” Steve sighed when the man switched to his other nipple before kissing down to his abs and then dipping to nibble on his hip bone. “Please.”
He got up and stretched, allowing the vanity and silencing the doubts. Tony's keen face helped massively.  “I figured this could help with my plan,” he explained, and pulled out the belt-shaped cock ring, buckle and all. “I want you to – Could you –”
“Where’s Tony?” he asked Natasha, who looked back with a panicked expression. Shit. “Tony Stark,” he asked the security agents, “
“Nope,” Steve repeated. “You’re all the way there and you’re not touching me. You have no power here.”
“Okay, okay yeah,” he exhaled. “I’m gonna help you up a bit and move you around for another bit and then it’ll get better,” he explained.
The groan from his side alerted Steve of unwanted presence. He turned and had to suppress the urge to roll his eyes and reach for a shield he didn’t have on.
A beat to gather his wits, and the boxers were being pushed off. He stroked himself languidly, moving his knee on the arm of the chair, exposing himself to Tony’s hungry eyes. He could feel the heat on his face, and on his chest under his wandering fingers. “Are you curious about what I’ve got in the box?” His voice was huskier than he’d anticipated, unable to help the little breathy moan.
“Steve? It’s okay, darling.” He tucked the throw around his shivering body. Then he was gone and Steve’s heart sunk. He returned shortly after, gently dropping another blanket on top of him. “I’m here,” he whispered. “I don’t know what good it is, but I’m here. I’ll always be here.”
Steve opened his eyes to find Tony had indeed pulled the table closer to the armchair. His glasses were gone. His jeans were pushed down just enough to make room, and was stroking himself as slowly as humanly possible for someone who looked as desperate to touch Steve as he did. “Promise me you’ll fuck me,” Steve gasped.
The idea came to him suddenly, amidst a conversation he was only partly involved in while reviewing the process. It felt a bit like grading papers while his students were waiting for results. And wasn’t that fantastic, he was doing the teacher jokes about himself now.
Steve was up in no time, pulling Tony to his feet as well. The goat was secure in the man’s arms and together, they walked to where Natasha was waiting with a couple of doctors and a crowd.
When it was done he felt tired. Physically tired, which was great because that meant he could sleep on the flight back to New York. Once he’d get back, sleep would evade him but that was a problem for future Steve.
“I just fiddled with this scrap metal I had in the lab, put an engine on it, it’s no big deal,” he finally replied, looking around the room to avoid Steve’s face.
Tony raised an eyebrow and seemed to develop a very knowing smirk. “Is that the super serum talking or are you just that good?”
“Can we move to the bed now? I want to hold you properly,” Tony told him. Steve got up first then effortlessly picked Tony up to carry him, draping his knees over his right forearm for convenience, unable to look away from the way their mixed come rippled as they moved. “This is quickly becoming my second favourite mode of transportation,” he said with a laugh.
In an instant, Tony was cradling his head, pulling him into his chest. “I love you more than words can say, Steve,” he whispered. “Give me your hands.” He massaged his fingers, his palms and forearms. “So good, so good.” He kissed each of his fingers. “Now, I believe you have something to show me?”
“Thank you,” Steve muttered. “You’re amazing,” he told him once more. He’d probably spend the rest of his life telling Tony how he saw him now that he’d opened that door.
Tony waved his words away. “Don’t worry about that now,” he said. “Actually, don’t worry about that at all ever. That’s what friends are for, right?”
There was some more fuss once they reached the lobby and as they were led to their suite. Top of the building, ornate beyond good taste, with antique gaudy furniture and gold trimmings. Steve was in awe of the magnitude of the sham they were involved in. He bit his tongue and smiled his best friendly smile for the starry-eyed employees who were timid in their polite request for photos and autographs.
is the tree we’re having? It looks like Santa Claus vomited all over it and then decorated it some more.”
“Pepper, I’m joking! Calm down. I wasn’t paying attention to what I put on earlier so I didn’t realise what it was,” he reassured.
Tony came in and sat on the edge of his bed. “Couple of problems: you’re on the official invitation. Then there’s the issue of the posters that you need to sign.” Steve groaned. “Then there’s the fact they’ve just unveiled the statue of you, so they’re kinda keen on having you there,” Tony continued undeterred. “Then there’s the boredom issue, cause if it’s just me and Nat we’ll both go insane and she’ll probably throw knives at me for fun and you won’t be there to stop her and she’ll just pretend her hand slipped and she’ll get me in the face and I’ll have a face scar and that will just inflate my ego and y’all will have to put up with that and really it’s tiring just thinking about it -”
Tony tutted and went to pour himself a drink. “Now, now children. Daddy’s going to take your toys away if you don’t behave.” (Steve pretended he didn’t bend his head down so much it nearly went into the bag when the word “daddy” left Tony’s mouth.) “God, you call me ostentatious and
“Not now, Thor,” Steve replied, refusing to let them know that his knowledge of Tinder was limited at best. Darcy once mentioned using it to meet people for casual sex, and he was more concerned with Bruce breaking a beaker at the time than finding out more. “Is now really the time?” Steve asked with a frown.
When his dare time was over he deposited the chair back where it belonged and went to pick up his shirt. Tony had a peaceful smile on his face, and Natasha had to wait for her yawn to end before speaking.
On the stage, a voice called for attention. The prime-minister was far from being calm but he was restraining himself as much as he could. “After an… enlightening speech, I invite you all up for the official photo. We will then continue with our planned schedule that includes a visit to the National Carnival, the most authentic experience our proud country has to offer. Thank you!”
“Now she tells me! You couldn’t have done that before I convinced myself Steve would never like me like that?!” Tony’s outraged but also amused, a good combination of giddiness to experience.
“I want you,” Tony whispered. “I want you naked with me, on top of me, in me, open and needy for me.” He ground his hips once sharply. “I want to come home to you and wake up with you.” More grinding. Steve could feel how hard he was. “I want to know what makes you tick, what makes you moan, what makes you growl –”
As a boy, Steve read a lot. At times, it was the sole source of entertainment, especially when he was stripped of pretty much every other enjoyment that required any stamina. He read everything he could find, good books, bad books, bits and pieces, discarded newspapers and journals. He had to pause often; his eyes would get strained from squinting in the bad lighting, and he’d spend the time in between unbearable headache and manageable pain staring out the window and daydreaming about the things he’d read.
Tony chuckled. “I’ll be over here, running simulations as quietly as possible. Feel free to nap for as long as you need.” He clasped his shoulder briefly, then pulled a throw over his feet and went to do some work.
“Fine,” Tony sighed and downed his drink. “Technically, it’s been about eleven months, but there was a-third-of-a-thing a couple of months back.” He slumped back in the armchair. “So, yeah. I somehow ended up in this celibacy situation. Not by choice, can I just add,” he finished on a self-deprecating note, with a raised glass full of swirling amber liquid that he proceeded to drink all at once.
They pushed into the most outrageous suppositions. Like whether he was a cyborg or whether he was immortal. Whether he was a vampire. Whether he had been built in a lab - this one was often paired with outrageous compliments which should have made it better, but ended up making him cringe constantly. Darcy kept saying it was a good thing, she forwarded him countless “good” articles. He was grateful, but he also kept blushing and hiding under his blankets, even if he was in the solitude of his bed.
And Steve opened his mouth and — nothing. It had started off as a bit of fun, easy banter, lightening the mood, bonding and whatnot. And now that he had to think about it, there was nothing he wanted in return for his grand scheme. He actually flushed, realising that as fun as it was to scheme and toy with people for a bit, he didn’t really have an end goal. So he nodded, hoping to look wise and calculating instead of foolish, and got up to leave.
In the slightly tense (and also curious) atmosphere in the room, his question seemed to make everyone burst into laughter. The god’s confused expression almost made Steve take pity on him, but Pepper was quicker.
He was unable to make out if what he remembered were actual memories or fabricated ones. At times, it felt he was so fixated on that exact moment and the immediately following ones, that his brain could have supplied them in an attempt to pacify the restlessness regarding that particular gap.
It was the truth. Well, it was mostly the truth. Half truth. Yeah, he was annoying, but he was also incredibly endearing. There were things about him that Steve was certain were unique, even with seven billion people in the world. He briefly entertained the thought that it was perhaps because he was so unbelievably in love with the man, he was seeing things either in better light, or he was making them up. Could he have been so smitten that he was fabricating realities about the scientist? And was that really
. He’d already touched his cock, but now he was close enough and definitely not pressed by the urgency of mutual release - so he took his time studying it.
“Morning, Captain Grumpy. Peace offering from the shit team,” she said and handed him a travel mug filled with blissful hot coffee.
Steve had joined the army because he hated bullies. And these people were legal bullies, corrupt and unfair. So Steve had to say something. Even if it meant facing criticism. Even if it meant having a potential psychotic break on international television. Even if it meant embarrassing himself in front of the world and his crush. Even if it meant almost starting an international incident. Or having nightmares for a long while.
“I’m gonna be mourning your rude ass today if you don’t shut up. Heads up!” He throws the shield in a wide arc, making it ricochet between several bots before it reaches Bucky.
“Oh, now? Okay, okay.” Steve shut his eyes, regretting not being able to watch Tony do his little dance; his hips had started swaying most interestingly, but he complied with the request anyway. He realised why the song was familiar when it reached the chorus. “What song is this?”
“Oh, okay! So Natasha and I raided the mini bar cause we both napped on the way, and both our sleeping schedules are completely fucked. And we gave up on the tv after the cables were actually part of the old set and really for a VHS, who even uses that anymore -”
Bucky snorted. “I know Steve looks innocent, but between watching me work and coming back some sort of demigod, he’s nothing of the sort.”
“The liquid in her hot chocolate was bourbon, she’s been pretending Thor’s a velociraptor for fifteen minutes before she switched to a mighty steed just as you walked in.”
“Yes,” the gruff voice interrupts. They can hear the thunder rolling through the night sky, approaching them quickly. “Where’s Doom?” Thor shouts as heavy rain starts falling over burning area.
Steve had to chuckle, because it was such a blatant lie, and the man was beautiful, the fine lines around his eyes making him look like he’d also had happy days. And his small wounds made him look a bit noble, like a warrior, wielding a pen and a sword, and Steve’s poetic thoughts almost always ended up breaking his heart, so he opened the bag, pulled the goat out on the chair and spent some time shading the drawing he’d already done of her from memory.
He needed a stiff drink. It was hardly the first time the need arose, and he was perfectly aware he couldn’t get drunk, but it was more the sharp pinch of the alcohol on his tongue, the soothing way it burned its way down his throat that he wanted. It was anchoring in a way few things were. Fighting was one of those things, but Natasha was terrifying, and this
“I’m not exactly great at opening up about this thing. Besides what do I even say? Oh hi guys I’m a bit mental but don’t you worry it’s all under control it’s just that sometimes I get unbearably panicked and I feel like the world is narrowing down around me and then oh and then I feel like I’m freezing but don’t you worry I’m perfectly okay and it’s only when I’m alone and get insomnia oh also I get insomnia but don’t you worry I don’t need sleep anyway and even then sometimes I sleep for fifteen hours and wake up tired but don’t you worry I’m a-okay.”
When he realises he will never hear them again he dives to the wreckage, finally letting out the anguished scream that has been bubbling in his chest.
And he was smiling as he fed Steve cookies. And he was still smiling when Steve pushed him into the armchair to rim him mercilessly, accompanied by loud moans.
Even though he had a key, he chose to knock. Mrs Williams opened the door entirely too trustful for Steve’s liking. He couldn’t help his smile, however, when her entire face lit up once her assumption was confirmed.
“Waiting for you,” Tony answered in a slurred voice. Steve watched him fall asleep in his arms. He watched the way his eyes fluttered and when he kissed them, he watched Tony’s mouth corners lift in a gentle smile.
“I’m fucking with you, Steve,” Tony laughed. “Blatantly hitting on you to deflect from our less than happy conversation the other day.”
Tony licked his earlobe as he replied. “Because I want to choke on it for hours, it’s so pretty and smooth and —” The ode to Steve’s dick was interrupted by its owner kissed Tony hungrily. He could imagine what that tongue would feel like on his oversensitised cock and moaned again.
Natasha was laughing, and even if it was severely unorthodox, at least he got them to unwind a bit. Which was good, considering he was either going to cause an international incident (even if it wasn’t a Tuesday, rebellion!), or become some sort of image for standing up to what was right. Either way, it was going to have some sort of consequence. As Peter often said, the memes were going to be lit. Maybe. Shit. As he walked to the podium he heard Natasha shout “No, Cap, it was stellar!” and he smiled once more.
He must have looked puzzled, because Tony reached for his hand gently. “You okay, Cap?” He looked sinful, with his swollen reddened lips, the few fine bitemarks Steve couldn’t remember leaving on his collarbone, the way his leg muscles were defined by his position - on his side, toes wiggling restlessly. When Steve didn’t reply, he sat up straight and pulled a pillow on his lap. “What’s wrong, Steve? We can put our clothes back on and talk if you’d prefer that. We don’t even have to touch, I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have pushed you to –”
He flies them towards the fire. “You’re making it really hard, Cap,” he says, smirking under the faceplate.
“I got you,” he said, repeating the words Tony had said to him so full of affection the previous night. He turned enough to support his entire body weight on his right forearm. He lowered his free hand to grip both him and Tony, lining them up impossibly close and providing the friction they both needed.
Tony fell on space next to her, and proceeded to tilt his head too, and pout a little, and somehow get his eyes to sparkle with wetness.
“Nat, please just shoot me instead. In the right ear, clean through the other side, done. Peace and quiet,” Steve asked rubbing at his tired eyes.
“Yeah, like the – oh, I see. Well, the one in the kitchen can’t be used with my alloy for Clint’s arrows or Natasha’s new – I mean I could probably tweak it a little and then if I reinforce it…” He pulled out a bit of paper and starting calculating.
“Tinder could help get you in the mood,” Tony said cheerfully, and Steve was so so very close to snapping. He shoved his hands between the branches and grabbed the tree’s trunk.
They’re all tired. They’re wet and tired and this is taking too long. He’s contemplating using an EMP anyway, deal with the consequences later. But the main issue – he knows the main issue should be the fact that it would affect his suit. But even so the main issue is that Doom will just send more, and even if it works on a greater scale, at the end of the day it’s just a temporary solution. He’s got Friday checking for a signal, for anything that can give away Doom’s location.
Natasha stepped in then, because Natasha was like a soothing breeze in the hot sun and started talking to the young woman. Soon they were hugging and she waved at Steve over his teammate’s shoulder. If he was still a boy, he would be sent to his room without food for such a cock-up, not smiled at and treated kindly. Slowly they moved towards their ride. When the officials exited the people booed them away, and despite everything, it was a more than a bit satisfying.
The entire process was awkward. He got on the floor next to the chair and contemplated the easier way to proceed. Full-on was the best option he could come up with, so he reached under the piece of furniture and lifted it above his torso. For a minute, everything was fine, but soon he felt Tony shifting and the next thing he knew, he was staring at the man’s face. As far as Steve could tell, Tony was kneeling on the chair, hanging over the back, watching him benchpress the massive thing.
Steve went. He used all the self-control he had to lower himself back on Tony slowly, the anticipation building inside both their chests. When their dicks finally touched, Steve could swear he would come instantly. Tony’s moan reverberated through him. He moved his hips the tiniest bit, then encouraged by the way Tony kissed his collarbone, started moving rhythmically.
“Taking care of you,” he said simply. He started at Steve’s left ankle, massaging up on his calf before doing the same to the other leg. Then he took turns on his thighs, pressing methodically all the way up on one, then on the other. He rubbed and worked at the knots in his muscles, kissing on the trail of his fingers. “Look at this.” He handed Steve a couple of photos.
On one hand, Steve wanted nothing more than to have a nest like that of his one. On the other hand, he was now left unprotected, his dick still half hard in his pyjama bottoms. He allowed Tony to pull him to his feet, and turned to walk to the bathroom.
The problem was, Steve decided, that the connection he was so fond of was mostly one-sided. Yes, Tony had been kind to him, he’d been supportive and helpful, he’d been comforting and protective, but Tony had also looked at him with clear pity in his eyes. So Steve’s love was fundamentally different than Tony’s. And it would have been supremely unfair to hold that against the man. At the end of the day, Tony owed him
“Then ask her in. At least some of us would be home, if it makes you feel better.” Steve drank some more. “Besides, she’s not the type to anger people. Unless you can Hulk out from laughing too much.”
?” Natasha asked with a laugh. She turned to the people gathering at the bar. “Thank you so much for wanting to celebrate with me. Now drink!” She passed shot glasses to everyone and set the tone for her party.
“Stark, we’re doing this right and getting the damn tree. Next,” she shouted and immediately regretted it, judging by the wince on her face.
. He could feel his throat constrict and he knew he wouldn’t be able to talk even if a woman wasn’t currently attached to his face.
It was disconcerting, how much these people trusted and idolized them. But at the same time, Steve’s resolve to be the best person he could was reinforced. This was beyond the American Dream, the way people back home saw them, the way they were liked there. To the people of this country, they were a – and he hated to be thought of that way – beacon of hope for better times. All he could do was make them proud. So he smiled wider on his way to the car, stopped to sign a baseball and some merchandise, and promised he’d see them all later before getting in and being driven away.
Thor continued to talk goat while everybody watched dumbfoundedly. “In today’s weird shit,” Clint started. “Why do you know how to bleat? I mean with a meaning, we can all bleat. Kinda.”
