“Ok, but I want you to promise me. If it comes between me and the Kid, you protect him. He’s …real special Steve. I know you’re my best friend and I’m asking a lot but if it comes down to between us. Its him. Ok?” Tony looked to his right to where Steve was sitting watch Tony, “I can’t promise that T, I just… I will try. But you are weaker that he is, he can at least run fast. You are just my last friend. I need you to be there for me.” Tony sighed. Accepting this was as close as he was going to get with Steve accepting his wishes.
The pair quietly made their way along the stone trial for the next 30 minutes or so, the sound of a quiet world not yet awake, this would be her last day alive, Peter trusted her enough to let out a whistle. She turned to him with a curious glance as he closed his eyes. She was impressed that he had enough spatial awareness, to walk in on a rocky terrain with his eyes closed.
glove that Tony, future Tony, had sent through the portal, this was Peter’s glove, the one his father used. The same glove that Peter held precious as he cried into Steve arms. This was Peters Dad’s glove. This was his glove. He was Peter’s Pops.
Tony tapped Peter on the shoulder, Peter understood, and made the journey round the back route towards the East staircase, dropping Tony down by his upper arm. Dropping down after him. Tony was heading up the stairs, hands in his jeans. “Come on, we don’t need them for Christmas, grab a game, I’ll get the Santa hats.” Tony was around the corner before Peter could respond. Peter jogged upstairs to his room, the modern room was decked out in rich cream furniture and fabrics, making his way into the walk in closest, grabbing three of the board games, turning around and making his way to the main hall way, which was shining in the sunlight.
Steve nodded, a wide grin on his face, “Thank you!” He swung his leg round to take the open stairs a few with each lung at the time, “Steve!” He stopped turning on his feet to look down at Tony, “Just …” He turned back to Peter’s Pops, staying connected with him as he spoke with conviction. “Just remember, I won’t believe you.” Steve frowned, confused at the statement but Peter and
tilted his head slightly so he could whisper into Tony’s ear. “Just couldn’t wait for us?” Tony looked up the short distance to connect with
Tony pushed himself off the wall, going back up to his mother, pulling her into a hug, he leaned down and whispered something in her ear. Peter could only hear his own heart beat at this point. Tony pulled back, turning towards Howard.
Peter giggled stretching out his fingers and holding on to his dad’s t-shirt, his Pop’s laugh was low in tone and vibrated the bed itself. “I second that one Mr Peter Rogers. Grounded.” Peter huffed but couldn’t quite bring himself to be annoyed at that one. “Home tomorrow?”
“So, what do you uh, think of kids and family and stuff.” Tony shuffled in his chair, leaning back with his glass of water, crossing his legs under the table, relaxing back into his chair. Hammer was sat bolt upright, legs crossed as well but casually gulping at his wine. “Well, you know, they are alright, half decent investment for the family money to stay where it’s supposed to be.” Making his point clear with emphasise, poking his finger repeatedly into the table, “In the family.” He gave a corrective cough, calming down again, “You and I are both products of that type of wealth management, It’s only natural that we seek out someone who is like ourselves.” Tony screwed his face up at the comment, he hated himself sometimes, why the fuck would anyone want to go out with his attitude, if Hammer thought they were similar, gosh, was he actually that type of person? ‘Gosh’ Tony thought to himself, mentally rolling his eyes, he sounded like Steve.
Steve landed roughly into a roll and kicked his feet under him, running again to catch up with the next truck. His suit now sporting fresh burn marks along his back after hitting the road at about 40mph. Steve with laboured breath threw his shield into the side of the second truck. Free of the shield, Steve used both his arms fully in a sprint. He leaped up on to his shield perched on the side of the truck on top of his shield.
Peter ran down the hallway until he reached the staircase, he jumped towards the far wall on the landing level then jumped back down towards the lower level door. Peter entered in the door code for the lab and shut it behind him when he entered. The gauntlet had began discharging purple sparks at random intervals. “From your Pop’s tactical files this seems like a last resort action from the gauntlet. It seems to think it’s in danger. I’d stay back Peter till your fathers arrive” Karen chimed in. Peter shot his webs at the blackboard and pulled it with good yank towards himself, Dum-EE whistled in appreciation for the protection from the light show going on. “Karen, how do I shut this down!? We poked at it for hours today and nothing happened! What do I even do?!” Sliding behind his Dad’s workbench, Peter grabbed one of his Dad’s wrenches and chucked it towards the gauntlet. It collided with the gauntlet with a gentle ping before bounce off towards the floor.
Peter couldn’t take it for much longer, he used his hands to cover his ears to give himself a small break from the noise, but it wasn’t doing much good for him. He tried once more to lift Tony from the bench, begging him to move as best he could above the noise. Peter had wished for his dads in this situation. He kind of got it.
Jarvis carried the cases down the stairs and out toward the car. Howard walked with him with a metallic brief case. Maria walked past Peter into the front room with Tony, who had fallen asleep. She looked wistfully at him, stroking his hair lightly, she moved to sit down in front of the piano. Smoothing down the front of her light blue skirt.
“The Jet will take you back to Boston Mr Stark, Shield security will be within range at all times just… hiding in plain sight for now. Don’t want to make it too obvious to the shooter that you are protected. Your friend Cadet Rhodes has been filled in on the situation and has prepared a catch-up file with your class work. Director Stark will see you at the end of term in December, until then please for us all Mr Stark. Please stay out of trouble.”
“Peter laughed, “yeah, I’ve heard of it, watched it even!” Tony joined in on the laughter, “he’s the nutter that thinks that’s real and various other issues! Look, I need to go find Rhodey and give him a hand over file for DUM_EE but I’ll meet you outside the hall in like 20 minutes?” Peter was mid-bite as he nodded to Tony. Tony grabbed his books and his jacket, throwing it on, he spotter Rhodey’s scarf hanging on a hook by the door, grabbing the tartan red check scarf, Tony also threw it round his neck, preparing for the cold outside. “See you in a bit Pete.”
Steve watched Peggy’s car drive off down the road. He turned and made his way towards the large rusted doors of a shipping warehouse, Steve wasn’t all that surprised to see the old-style Stark Industries logo, that he had grown up with in the 30s and 40s, faded on the door. He placed his hand on the door to push it open, it hesitated for a second before a robotic voiced answered, “Welcome Captain Rogers.” The warehouse door opened fully to let Steve enter, he shouldn’t have been surprised when he saw the lush interior. A Howard Stark hide out, plush leather and velvet furniture everywhere, a fully stocked bar, a pool table, Howard’s grand oak desk and a workshop behind glass doors in the back corner.
“Any other questions? Or any idea how I get home?” Peter stood tall and proud, just like his Pops showed him, be mature and ask the right questions. “Just a couple more. Your mutation, does it come from one of your parent’s … unforeseen genetics or is it new.” Peggy was trying to keep Tony out of the loop and it was working for now. “Yes and no, yes it was but very mild, it doesn’t affect me in the way that it affected him, but I was bitten by a spider, which activated the… genetic code in me and I’m the same as him now.” Tony was getting a headache he couldn’t make sense of who it could be. He must know who it is, surely?
Steve brought his hands in-between the pair, he pulled of the velcro of his gloves as fast as he could, throwing them off to the side, he took his sons face in his hands, giving his the once over, Peter’s hair was wild, the long over sized curls and waves sat chaotically on top of his head, the slightly brown undertone around his lower jaw as he’d started the possibility of facial hair. Steve kissed the top of his son’s head. He was alright, he’d made it to him. Peter curled his hand around the brown strap over his Pop’s chest. “You’re really here, you came to get me… I can go home?” Steve’s heart broke, “I’m so sorry it took us so long to get you, but we are going home, the whole family is waiting on us, they cant wait.” he’d failed his son by not getting to him fast enough but he was damn well
“He’s not stupid, he’s trained enough. At least I hope so.” Steve looked up at Tony as he spoke, he reached into his pocket to hit his emergency pager alarm. In less than 15 seconds Barton and Romanoff burst through the door, sending it splintering off the frame. “Shooter, through the window, didn’t get a good look at him. The kid went after him.” Steve wheezed out through the pain. Barton and Romanoff shared a look before running down the hall and diving through the window themselves.
“What about you, I know Shield has you watched until further notice, what happens after this.” She could tell he want to just not think of Tony at the moment, she wanted to keep him on track, push him further, she thought. But you have to give a little to get some back, she debated how much to say, settling on a minimal answer.
“See Howard, I told you, he wasn’t here.” Steve said, moving to his default Captain voice and stance. Peter could see the tension in his shoulders as his nerves of the situation got the best of him. “DON’T You start Steve!” Howard whipped round to face Steve, Tony leaned forward slightly to get a better angle on the situation as his father stalked forward to him.
Tony hummed, hooking the basket under his arm against his body. Making his way out the room and down the hall. Turning off the lights, he strolled down the hallway. Finally at Peace that tomorrow, he’d had have his family all back together.
“Good evening Peter, I cannot seem to connect to Stark secure servers or Roger family private server. Where are you Peter?” Peter let out a sigh. “Karen, we are currently stuck in 1991, I’m in dad’s college apartment I think its September, if the calendar in the kitchen is on the correct month.” Karen’s code finished it’s set up to begin a scan of the immediate room Peter was in. The holograph let off a strong blue light, it gave Peter subconsciously a feeling of home, it was the same shade as his Dad’s Arc reactor. “I was hoping you would know how to get us home?” Karen stayed quite for a couple of seconds until she chimed in. “I have connected to the nearest 234 servers in the Boston area and I have also created a copy of all files stored on the pentagon network.” Peter tried to hush Karen giving a worried look to the holographic screen from his wrist, “Karen isn’t that illegal!? I just got here I can’t get into trouble, I have to blend in!?” Peter ran his hands through his hair in a frantic panicked motion.
. “You. You just blow my mind Tony. You look incredible, especially for a dad, not that you’re looking old just, I’m … Your
Peggy crossed her arms, standing back on her hip. “Absolutely not. Captain Rogers, This Winter Solider has been spotted in Canada. I want you three looking for his base.” Clint step forward, “Director Carter, he doesn’t make base, he was looking for these plans. He’s after the serum’s formula.” Before anyone could get another word in, the door bust open with a shield Commander, “Director Stark and Delta Nine Team are all dead.”
date?” Tony stared off at the wall, “It’s not what I want in a partner anyway, why pretend? “Peter shrugged in agreement.
Tony woke with a start, grabbing the large pillow off of his face. The sheets pooled around his waist, raising the back of his hand to roughly to rub at his eyes, wincing in the day light that streamed into the room, streaming in from the wrong wall as he quickly realised he wasn’t in his own silk sheets but Steve’s cotton rich blanket.
Peter was gently nudged awake. “Hey kid, sorry you need to get up to get on the plane. I’m nowhere as strong as Steve, so I can’t carry you onboard this time.” Peter shook his head side to side. Trying to wake himself up he slide out of the seat. Shutting the door of the car behind him. Peter made his way up the stairs of the private Stark family jet. He threw himself into one of the reclining seats towards the back of the plane, facing forwards. He reached over into the seat beside him and pulled the red blanket across his body. The Stark Industries logo embroidered on the blanket In the lower corner. He shut his eyes, just wanting to hide from the world he was in for a while longer.
“Do you see him in me is that it? I’m too old a man for you now is that it? Tony is immature, lazy and a challenge to deal with. What is it Steve, you defend him like you breathe. I don’t understand.” Steve really wanted to punch him. Right on the nose. “Howard, would you stop provoking the poor Captain.” The pair turned to look over to where the voice was coming from, the entrance to a hallway Steve hadn’t noticed before. Maria Stark.
Tony laughed directly into Steve’s face, “I don’t think I’ll be in situations more dangerous than with Howard.” Peter let out a laugh and slapped his hand across his mouth, trying to play it off as a cough. Faking the couch and looking out the window but when he looked back, Tony looked a bit stunned that of all the things to laugh at, it was that Tony was going to get hurt frequently. Tony stared at Peter who just shrugged casually.
Natasha, crossed her arms as Peter stood up, using his Uncle as a crutch. “I owe you for that. Not Shield and certainly not Captain America. But the next time we see him, I’m not stopping. As for you, child. Don’t get in my way, I’ll kill you before he could.” She walked in the opposite direction of the alley back towards the apartment. Peter had recovered his breath, but Barton refused to let go of the kid, however, he didn’t say anything the entire way back.
“Oh and Tony?” Tony stopped and turned halfway up the stairs, “Your parents are delayed in the city, so it’s just us for dinner tonight!” Tony smiled back relief clear on his face. Peter quickly grabbed his bag from next to the main door, he followed Tony up the main grand stair case and towards the East hallway. Tony opened the door to his room first, Peter was hit by a nauseating wave a déjà vu. The poster were the same just last fade, Peter slowly walked in, taking in the room once again. He walked over to the desk to sit his duffle bag on top of. “I’ll quickly unpack and then I’ll show you to your room. Just chill on the bed If you want!” Tony decided it was worth having a shower before dinner so he left Peter to wander his room.
“He’s struggling…but he’s a Stark, so he’s strong but also picking up his family’s poker face, I’m trying to give him hope that it’s going to be fine, like you did for me, but I’m scared that I’m not going to be smart enough to help him get home. He’s received… news that he might have changed something but I’m thinking it’s just speculation.” Tony let go of the button, he shut his eyes, contemplating all the thoughts flying through his head.
Peter rolled over on to his back, barely awake, he slowly played with his pop’s hand, moving each finger and rolling his wrist for him. Steve smiled down at Peter’s tired state, resting his chin on top of Peter’s hair. Resting his eyes for just a moment, feeling Peter’s steady breath through his chest. Peter shuffled over to look up at his pops.
He was losing his train of thought. He wasn’t going to die, he knew that he couldn’t die from something this small, the bullet wound would heal quickly but if the bullet was still inside when it did, he was going to have to go through a long surgery without
‘Anthony Stark, heir to Stark Industries fortune, spotted back in New York before announcement of Stark Expo.’
Peter had never seen his Pops this angry, Peter had loved growing up on the stories of Captain America and the Howling Commandos, at least until he understood that his Pops was THE Captain in the stories, then they got even cooler. He never spoke a bad word about the Commandos, legends in their own right, even had their own statute in Central Park. Even Peter wanted to throw Howard Stark off the roof, But Peter knew he could web shoot and catch him before the ground, he suspected that this wasn’t his Pops plan. Steve stood in his position before pulling away and turning around from the situation before he really did throw him off the roof.
Natasha began to gather things from around her, her jacket, a couple of pens and paper from Tony’s desk. She sighed, trying to not sound as agitated and tense as she had been this morning. “He’s not strategizing, he’s not planning, we would plan a raid for the early hours of the morning, we’d go to sleep, wake up and Steve would be walking in the door covered in blood and bullet wounds saying it’s time to ‘get up and move on.’ He’s reckless and he’s going to get himself killed. He needs to come home to something Tony.” She took him into a surprise hug. He gripped the back of her maroon leather jacket in his fists, closing his eyes and letting out a stream of air from his nose. She pulled back, “I need to go, I’ll be ‘landing’ soon. Find him Tony, I don’t know where the two idiots are but please for your own sake, find them, I’ll find Peter, deal?” She looked out beyond Tony as headlights flashed through the curtains. “I have to go, take care of yourself Tony, no more drinking, it makes your hand writing terrible.” Tony whipped his head round to his desk, taking a look at his top note pad, his writing was worse than a doctor’s prescription. He turned back around to find no one.
“Thanks.” The bouncer stepped to the side lifting the velvet rope. Rhodey smiled as he walked by and desperately held back the extremely manly whin of pain as the bouncer shoulder budged him. Rhodey could hear the anger call of harassment from those who had been waiting in line for a while as he made his way up the stairs. Rhodey was greeted by the familiar wall of noise and stench of beer as he made his way past the cloakroom window. “Cadet Rhodes!” Rhodey turned to find the person yelling his name. Ah. A manager, never a good start. Rhodey nodded and shook the sweaty hand of the quiet stressed looking man. “Cadet Rhodes are you here to collect Mister Stark?”
“I want to work on the apartment. I want to be at home, with you, maybe go back to art school.. again. I can’t do this for them, not anymore, I have a life outside of Shield and I’m going to miss it if I keep risking my life on a lie.” Tony just watched Steve’s face as he spoke, he waited for the joke, but Steve was truly leaving Shield. Steve turned to face Tony, a hand resting just above Tony’s hip, the other reaching up to take the letter from Tony’s grip.
“Steve take the week off at least and I’ll get Howard to cool down before, knowing him, sending you to the arctic as punishment. Tony I’ll contact MIT as to why you missed class and labs today. Take Peter and head home.” Tony jumped in shock away from Steve, “FUCK, It’s my day with DUM_EE!” He bolted out the door with a passing, “Bye Peggy!”
“No but… me? I’ve drank enough in the last two weeks to make my doctor faint, does that sound like dad material, someone you want watching your kids, huh?” Tony sighs, “I’d be a great role model.” he scoffed at his own sarcastic comment. Peggy took his hand in hers, “Anthony, please come with me and see the boy and his father. I feel it would give the peace of mind you need to see the bigger picture, a positive future.” Tony swallowed but his throat was so dry, it stuck slightly. “I… ok.” Tony slowly turned to his desk,
Steve had a permeant scowl on his face since he entered the makeshift situation room. This made no sense, the kid appeared through this? Why did Shield bother to bring him back to speak to the kid if they knew this existed?  And his thought ran wild with mentions of time, was this kid from the future or the past like he was? “How would you like to proceed Director?” Before Peggy could answer, Tony cut off the scientist, “We only do what Peter wants, if it’s dangerous or he doesn’t want to be here then that is the end of that.” Tony tone was powerful and protective. Peter’s muscles relaxed knowing he had at least one person on his side about all this.
Peter mirrored Natasha playful smile nodded, “I learned from the best. I can understand that but I don’t understand what I’ve done? Why me?” Natasha shrugged her shoulders. “I don’t know yet but we’ll find out soon. Enough chatting, let’s keep going, I’ll even let you cheat a little this time. Show me what the super serum does for you.” Natasha directed a punch towards Peter’s head, he dropped down to miss the punch. Reaching forward he quickly grabbed her fist, twisting her arms around to strain her arm but she flipped around to avoid the strain. Sweep kicking his legs out from under him. Peter jumped off the ground and planted his feet firmly on the tree is the small area he’d cracked with his back. Punching forward into Natasha, she fell back into a cartwheel and kicked Peter in the face with her boot.
The trio were escorted out of the SUV up the gravel driveway to the side entrance, Peter was expecting to enter into the hanger bay for all of his Dad’s designs and the modified Quinn jet. Instead he was greeted by desks, hundreds of desks with hundreds of working scientists. The moment the door slammed shut all of them turned to face Peter. The vast empty space amplified the whispers of the workers that the super serum could pick up,
As the car stopped on the kerb side, Steve opened the door for both Peter and Tony. He received a salute from the driver, which he returned in the correct fashion. Tony rolled his eyes and slapped Steve’s shoulder, “Come on solider, DUM_EE’s gonna freak out that you are home!” Peter lead the way up the stairs, with Tony and Steve’s chattering followed closely behind. Tony reached down his shirt to grab the door key, pulling it out he moved to unlock the door, he continued his previous thought with Steve, “As I was saying Rhodey was totally smitten by the female pilot, I think she was air force, but Steve he tripped over the back of the couch, like who does that!”
“My name is Peter James Stark, I’m your son from the future the year 2016 and I don’t know how I got here but I think I’m now stuck back here whenever this is and to be honest, I’m so scared right now and I just need my Dad.” Peter started to pant heavily. The air struggling to get into his lungs.
Peter slowly shut the door as Coulson made his way down the stairs, he turned and made his way back to the couch, dropping the box over Tony’s head into his lap. “Kid, you know his first name is Agent? Right?” Peter slapped Tony over the back of his head, as he jumped over the couch effortlessly. “Rude.” Tony laughed and dug into his food, after his first bite, a loud crack of thunder filled his ears, he almost dropped his pizza to cover his ears. “That sounded like it came from inside the house!” Peter eyes widened and jumped up off the couch moving his and Tony’s pizzas to the kitchen counter. “Thor!” He yelled out in the flat.
Steve and Tony collided in a hug. Steve half picked up Tony to swing him back and forth. “Put me down you big lug!” Peter watched his parent’s moment together, he smiled, it was nice to see how his parents were always close. “You ok Steve? That was a lot…” Tony stepped back from the hug as Peter stood by his Aunt Peggy.
Thank you all for the continued support and love!  Obviously a little warning that there are Character deaths, in this chapter because it is the 16th of December 1991.
Ana, sat him down, kneeling slightly down to get a look at Tony’s face, she let out a slight tut. “Come on Édesem, let’s get you out of that jumper.” She reached over to grab the bottom of the hoodie that Tony was wearing, pulling the MIT Hoodie over his head, Tony raised his arms slightly to help her. Jarvis walked the short distance to the table, placing three portions of stew on each place mat. He made sure to give Tony extra mash potatoes and vegetables. Tony sat looking up at Ana as she chucked the hoodie into the washing room. Tony waited until Ana and Jarvis sat down, either side of him, she smiled at him and nodded for him to start eating. He took it slow, judging it bite by bite as to how much he could eat.
The truck bumped over a break in the road, Clint let out a gruff of a swear as the truck reacted. “Clint. I just don’t know what I’m going to say to the kid when I see him.” Steve stares straight ahead, following the centre line of the road. “He’s my son!?” he sounded slightly hysterical to Clint. “I married …Tony, we had a kid but that can’t happen now, I’ve lost him… so what happens to Peter now? What happens to me? I don’t get to look forward to having a son, I don’t have a home to go to and now no war to fight…”
Natasha side kicked the Winter solider to the head while Barton aimed for the legs further down the truck. Steve had to catch his breath, analysis the situation, they weren’t going to win this fight, whatever intel the Solider wanted, he’d already stole it. He had to make a call. Before he could, the Solider shouldered Natasha off of the truck. Steve reached his arm to catch her upper arm, pulling her up on to his shield.
“Peter, I have found 3 flats that are similar to what you asked for. I would recommend the one 10 minutes away. It has a view of the main street, the bus stops outside the door, that can get you into the city within 25-35 minutes depending on traffic and It has 3 bedrooms one would need painted and electrical work but the owner is desperate to have someone in the apartment. What do you think?” Tony was frozen staring at the holographic map. This was just mind-blowing he was going to make this beautiful piece of code. “What do you think Tony?” He was lost in thought. “Uh, yeah, yes please go ahead with that one.” Caught off guard by his involvement In the decision. This was the coolest moment of his life.
“kid…I sometimes wish… that I could wake up in 1945 but… I feel better here, I have friends and Tony, to care of me and I take care of them in return. I lost my Ma when I was younger than you and Pops died before I was even born. I don’t have a family like you do, I had Buck, who died during the war … I watched him fall. So, when it came time to make the play, I didn’t know where I was going to end up, but I knew… I know, that no one was going to be waiting for me to come back home. You stayed in the Roger family home last night, you think anyone was taking care of that place while I was on ice?” Steve leaned in the same position next to Peter, staring up at the same fly buzzing around the staircase light.
Tony became aware of himself as he watched the bathroom door shut with a chuckling Steve, clearly back from his run with Peter as he was drenched in sweat. Tony reached down to continue getting dressed, as he pulled the polo shirt over his head, Tony panicked as to where his notes on the possible time machine idea he had created had gone, quickly surveying the room he spotted the notes neatly stacked in order on the carved wooden desk.
There was a funeral, I mourned, I lost it I-“ Tony held his finger up to silence Steve, “They lied to me too. I was told you just didn’t want to see me. I assumed you knew I was alive and that you just didn’t come home.”
“There you are, you ok, what took you so long?” Tony was sitting up in bed with pillows behind his back to support him, reading the journal of his ma that was sitting on the bedside table. It was a very… domestic sight, the feeling just washed over Steve as he took in the sight of it all. They’d built this room together even, It just added to the fantasy of it all for Steve, that one day he and his family would live here, just like now, his partner in bed after a long day, their child in the room down the hall.
She watched Steve staring at her, eyebrows set deep in a frown. She could tell by the small movement of his lips he was trying to figure out how to respond, she would have to do it for him, “but hey, we do this, and we move on. No assassination, No problem.” She shrugged her shoulders nonchalantly. It didn’t sit easy with her, but nothing did.
“Of course you don’t. I’ll just have to work on that.” Steve held out his hand, wiggling his fingers for Tony to take his hand, smirking with a raised eyebrow. “Come on, Peggy is down stairs with Peter.” Tony hesitantly reached out to accept Steve’s hand.
Peter took his Pop’s hand as they made their way back towards the cabin, they walked side by side, Peter squeezed his fingers between his father’s, he squeezed back. Steve curled his fist on his other hand, calling the shield back, off the forest floor to soar to his arm, he never broke his stride but he did break into a wide grin when looking down at his son, Peter’s excitement of seeing the shield in action again, sparked relief in Steve that his son was truly coming home.
“I’m sorry Steve, I can’t bring him back but now,” Clint opened the door slowly for the hanger bay, crouching down and peaking round the corner. “we are technically disavowed Shield agents on the run, so let's save Nat and kill that assassin that took your family away.” Steve nodded, determined to fix this as best as he could. The pair both crouched and slowly pushed open the door. The shield agents weren’t here but the scientists were, Clint lead the way past the desks around the out edge of the aircraft hanger.
She had to focus on the now. Steve was being a moody old man, then fine, he didn’t get to know. She hadn’t thought of the possibility that maybe Steve was homophobic to himself, he did grow up in the 40’s but he never seemed to show any discomfort towards Tony’s very open preferences. She gripped the steering wheel tighter. Focus, Mission to finish, Wipe her ledger. Don’t care about the kid. Don’t care about anyone.
“What do you want?” He could hide how tired his voice sounded, but what was the point.  He made his way around to the other side of the desk, throwing himself down into the office chair, bouncing slightly with it. “I’m just shocked you are alive, Tony, seriously, how did you survive?” Tony screwed up his face. “Survive? Survive what? My parent’s funeral? What are you even doing here. I thought your last check in was in Budapest or something.” Tony swung his heals up and on to the edge of his desk. Leaning back, crossing his arms and closing his eyes, for a fake nap. “It doesn’t matter where we’ve been, Tony, where have you been, you’re supposed to be dead. The whole world thinks you died in the car crash! Oh shit…” Tony raised his head immediately, “What?!” Natasha sat down in the chair across the desk from Tony, “Tony, we… we were told you’d died. Carter left to see the accident, she came back like two hours later and told us you had all died. We went to your funeral for Christ sake!” Tony sat up in his chair, pulling his keyboard closer to him, “She came to tell me the accident had happened.”
“Oh…” Peter didn’t know what to say but Natasha had a plan. “Peter we need to get you and Tony in front of Steve as soon as possible, the sooner he realises that you two are alive, he’ll stop his stupid death wish.” She shuffled onto the couch further back, so that she could relax. Taking Peter’s hand in her’s, she pulled him up and on to the couch with her. He settled in to her side, relaxing in his aunt’s rare but unique maternal instinct. “For now, we are going to relax for the rest of the day and then come up with a plan to get to New York undetected.” Peter nodded into her side, he needed a day to rest, he’d been hiking up hill for three days.
“I tried to tell him before everything, I don’t know if he got the message but, Peter we all thought you and Tony were dead, that you died in the accident with Howard, we…” Natasha’s mild outburst gave Peter a slight scare, “we went to your funeral and Tony’s. I found out he was alive but i’m pretty sure Steve still thinks you two are both dead.”
“Kid, I don’t like seeing you … upset. This isn’t the way I would have wanted you to grow up. This is what happened to me, difficult situations and… no one to help when I needed them. I’ll help, Steve will definitely help and even if he didn’t want to, I would make him! And! Shield, they will help! Just … you’re not alone Peter.” Peter gripped Tony’s hand tightly, he was going to break his fingers if he wasn’t careful. Tears streaming down his face Peter used his jumper to clear them off his face.
same t-shirt, Tony brand new, whereas Peter’s two decades older shirt had definitely seen better days. Eye wide Peter rolled round to sit kneeling across from his Dad. Well young Dad-Tony.
Large windowed shields stood between the glowing anomaly and the desks sat facing the anomaly. The hustle and bustle of scientists and agents ferrying sheets of paper between the desks, comparing analysis charts and readings from the glowing anomaly behind the protective glass. Subconsciously Peter took a step back in fear of the glowing, sparking orb, it was a couple of feet in diameter across and it pushed the objects, like desks and fans, away from it and generating a strong gust of wind every so often. Tony gripped Peter’s arm just above his wrist tightly. Peter turned to gaze at Tony, his worried expression and tighten grip matched Peter’s fear, “You don’t need to be here if you don’t want to be.”
Edwin Jarvis, stood tall and proud in front of the grand front doors, the sunlight of the frosty day shining down on to him. Tony let out a sigh of relief. The car came to a stop, shutting of the engine Robert proceeded to get out so that he could open the doors for the boys. Before Robert managed to open his own door, Tony scrambled for the door handle, almost tripping out of the car and running up the couple of steps up to Jarvis, grabbing the well-kept man into a crushing hug. Jarvis equally returned the hug, keeping Tony’s head and hair under his chin.
“So,” Clint lead the way through the door and across the hanger catwalk, “ what did they offer you? I got the offer of a ‘family life’ you know, office nine to five, I just laughed. You?” Steve hesitated slightly, obviously a spy would notice. “Memory wipe. So I could forget Howard and Tony. Restart my time in the 90’s…” Clint even stopped. He turned round on the spot. “Wow… thats a lot …” Steve stood tall, he let out a shaky breath. “I said no but it wasn’t easy.”
gently tapped Peter on the shoulder to wake him as they approached, Peter shot awake, fist raised ahead to swing when
His Dad was typing furiously, Steve’s hands were massaging Tony’s shoulders, gently in circles. Steve moved his head down next to Tony’s, looking up to whatever he was typing. Peter dropped his hands slowly by his side. His parent’s both smiled up to the camera, “Peter,” His Dad said up to the camera, “You’ve been gone 34 hours 10 minutes. We’ve determined that you’re not dead.” His Pop’s squeezed his eye shut at the thought.
Peter had never seen this look on his Pops before, this was anger. Raw hatred of something as evil as the devil himself. Pops was a religious man once, he used to say he’d never say a bad word with the fear the devil was listening in on him, This Steve Rogers looked like he was going to murder Howard where he stood and drag him to hell himself. The VIP treatment Howard deserved. Peggy stood between the two. “Howard that’s quite enough.”
“Thank you, Jarvis. Could you bring me more ice.” Jarvis shared a side look with Ana, It definitely wasn’t a question. Ana walked over to Tony, laying her hands over one of his, “I will bring you ice,Édesem,only if you eat your breakfast…” Tony looked up to her. He could barely feel her gently touch, what time was it? He’d lost track last night, he better have another drink. Ana could see the area under Tony’s eyes, an un-healthy shade of purple starting to form. “I will later, please. Just get me some ice.” She let go of his hand and stepped back around to the other side of Howard’s desk.
manager’s cheap suit and tie. “My boss is getting… agitated that Mister Stark keeps threatening to buy the club from him. I’d be forever grateful is Mister Stark could leave, just to clear his head!” Poor guy, never dealt with Tony before. Rhodey smiled and nodded, Tony was likely joking about purchasing the club but these days Rhodey just didn’t know if he was nowadays.
Steve stood up and Peter looked up towards him, Steve gestured for Peter to leave first out the room, Peter nodded and led the way to the kitchen living room. Peter grabbed two tall glasses of water and handed one to Steve knowing that hydrating helped headaches with the super serum.
Peter strolled down the stairs and met his parents by the front door, he said his goodbyes to his Aunt Peggy and gave her a tight hug. Peter once again fell asleep in the back of the car as his Pops drove back to the compound. Back at the compound by lunch, Peter became tense as he walked back through the front door, his spider-sense tingling slightly. Peter dropped his back off in his room and threw his web-shooters on the bed and decided it was worth a hot shower to calm his senses. Wrapping the towel around his waist, Peter picked out one of his Dad’s led Zeppelin tees, a pair blue jeans and a zipper hoodie. Picking up his web-shooters again and placing them on his wrist, Peter decided to test out his and Dad’s new Nano storage system and store the spider suit to help calm his nerves with the sensory overload happening at the moment. Peter made his way down the stairs to the lab rubbing the side of his forehead to help with the headache he was getting. Peter pinching his hand over the bridge of his nose, he opened the door to the lab, as his Dad screamed out,
Uncle Rhodey was close behind, buzzed but nowhere near as far gone as Tony. Tony was slowly sliding down the back of the booth and to the side, enough to lean on Peter’s shoulder. The noise was beginning to irritate his super hearing, he was getting a headache.
As the pair separated Steve began to kneel to collect the shield, Maria made her way toward their bedroom for the night, Steve knew Maria hadn’t truly meant for him to hear her, but his enhanced hearing didn’t allow people to be as private as they thought they could be with him, Maria was whispering to herself. “He’s a good soul, he’s just right for Tony.”
Thank you for all your kudos and comments! So here is chapter 2! Hopefully have Chapter 3 out in the next week or so!
When they arrived in the front court yard, Natasha was sitting on a bench near the car. The flashing lights of the ambulance lit up the courtyard as Barton and Peter approached the back of it. Steve was sitting on the metal steps of the ambulance as the medic attended to his shoulder. Tony was curled up next to him on the other side. His knees tucked up to his chest, watching the stitches go into Steve’s arm.
Tony threw his note book against the wall. Ana jumped in her skin while standing in the door. “Édesem, its late, please go to bed.” Tony looked up from the desk, using his sleeve to
Looking back on it, his Pops must have been close to death at the time, the amount of blood lost on the operating table would have killed an ordinary man but not his Pops, never his Pops. As much as his Uncle Bruce advised against it, the hiccupping child was placed on Steve’s chest, the small boy wrapped up in his father’s arms to calm him down.
“Would I be able to ask you some questions later tonight? I know you’re exhausted from this morning, but just questions about Howard and how you want to proceed with getting you home?” Peter nodded back, as they were reaching the front door, Director Carter stood taking to Tony, Agent Barton and Romanoff. Barton spotted them from a distance, his keen eye sight tracking them as they approached, “we have a single lead, thanks to Princess Anastasia and her connects over here, he’s been spotted leaving a shield warehouse in D.C, We’re heading out to see if we can find any clues.” Romanoff scoffed at the nickname, crossing her arms but looking amused nevertheless. Peter spotted the bruises around her and Uncle Clint’s face, how much was that information worth?
“Depends on how long Directors Stark and Carter give me before I’m needed again, best bet is 3 days,” Steve rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly, “Do you think I can crash here, I know you’re probably in the other room but I’ll take the couch...” Peter quickly interrupted jumping off his seated position on the kitchen counter top. “Yes!” Peter said slightly too quickly for normal conversation, “I mean I moved into the smaller office, just in case… you came back! I’m hoping I’m not here for too long…” Peter seemed down cast at the end of his sentence, it was cool to see a young Captain Steve G. Rogers.
“Tony… how long do you think I’m going to be here?...” Tony was slightly caught off guard by the question, but he knew at some point it would be asked. “I don’t know, I’m curious though, if this was supposed to happen, then why wouldn’t I tell you it happened to like prepare you with gadgets and important dates?” Tony thought through the different scenarios of why he wouldn’t have told Peter anything to do about this whole-time travel thing… maybe he was from a parallel universe, that Peter wasn’t actually this Tony’s son, it would explain not knowing anything. Though Peter did say he was attacked suddenly, maybe older him though he had more time.
“Of course Peter. I’ll buzz to let you know when it is done.” The hologram stopped. Peter turned back to Tony. “Guess I can help pack!” He grabbed some boxes and packed up more stuff from the kitchen.
Ana just stood with two raised eyebrows and a hand on her hip, “Well aren’t you just surprising, don’t hurt yourself Édesem,I’d feel guilty if you did!” Peter gently put the bag down between them, smoothing out his apron and jumper, she bumped hips playfully with him. The worked quite happily exchange details about their week. “And do you enjoy staying here?” Peter gestured with his potatoes peeler to the house around him, “It is very kind for the Stark’s to let us stay in the house, but I feel Maria just wants someone to be in the house with Tony until… well, she knows who raised Tony so I guess she wanted his family here.”
“Are you going to answer it?” Natasha watched Steve closely. Steve turned to look at the device, “No. He’s at home with his family, he knows he shouldn’t be calling me anyway.” Natasha frowned at Steve, she watched the conflict show on his face. She quickly realised he wanted to answer, “Why not?”
“Nope, not going to say, sorry.” Peter answered confidently “Worth a shot.” Tony took the final bite of his sandwich. “Let’s head back and we will stop and get you the basics and shit on the way.” Tony made a move to stand up, when a glint on the roof caught Peter’s eye, he turned slowly, trying to get a head look at what it was that was causing the glint. He tried to play it nonchalant, placing sunglasses on his face and turning his head around the sky line, playing it like a tourist, his eyes landed on the rooftop, the glint was caused by a cross hair sight on a familiar bow, that was not drawn back, but was definitely pointing the sights towards him. It was Uncle Clint but he looked… grumpy. Peter continued his sweep of the skyline and turned back to Tony with a smile, shoving his hands in his pocket. “Lead the way!” he said to Tony as the headed out the courtyard to any and all clothes store. All Peter could think about was why his Uncle Clint was here, looking at him, maybe shield knew he had time travelled back, they were always watching his dads, in his time so he shouldn’t surprise him they knew something about him being here now. But Peter trusted his younger dad more than he would shield.  He kept their heads down, played it cool. Uncle Clint wasn’t aiming at him just reconnaissance on him. This …could be fun. Peter gently but quickly pushed Tony’s direction down a different alley and he turned them up and down multiple ones till he was sure he’d lost his Uncle. That was going to piss him off for a little bit. It was almost too easy.
He sighed, he was happy, he kept telling himself, he’s going home soon, back to Dad and Pops, his own room, a family who have spent every moment searching for him.“It helps, I don’t know how you put up with it for so long, I’m assuming that when I snuck out for midnight snacks, that I wasn’t that stealthy?” Steve chuckled, shaking his head, lost in fond memories for a moment, “Uh, No you might as well have stomped in boots, but I knew you were safe and there wasn’t any real harm if your Dad didn’t know.” Peter chuckled stepping inside the cabin, he made his way to the couch, throwing himself into the corner of the one he’d previously been napping on. Steve stopped to take a look around the semi-familiar cabin.
He felt his memories flashing forward in his mind, he found himself miles away from the rumbling rusted truck and back to the alleyways of the bustling streets of Brooklyn. His view sat lower to the ground, looking up to his once best friend save him from yet another fight. The one who would tell him to just keep going, the best friend who took him in when he lost his mother to illness and kept him on the right path when he lost everything and the friend who didn’t kill him when he told him quietly in his flat in dead of night that …that he wasn’t quiet interest in finding a dame to dance with at the end of the night.
Howard made his way through the house towards his wife, who was discussing dinner options with Ana. “Ana, glad to see you are well. I’ll take tea in the drawing room, thank you.” Howard walked through the kitchen down past the island, he was almost at his office to drop off his brief case when Maria called out. “Howard dear, please stop for just a second.”
Steve’s face remained neutral. He took two steps back and marched through to his bedroom. He heard Clint sigh but he couldn’t face it. Steve shut the door quickly behind himself and sat on the corner of his bed. He leaned back far enough to fall onto his side of the bed. Staring up at the ceiling. He let the tears slip quietly down his cheeks. Steve and Tony Stark? Steve and Tony Rogers? Peter James Stark. Steve, Tony and Peter Stark. A very broken family right now. Steve pulled himself up and off of the bed. He couldn’t save them but he could try and save Natasha.
closing files on his computer to prepare for leaving. Peggy gave a gentle smile to her godson, she stood behind Tony, reaching forward to give his shoulder a gentle grip of comfort, letting him know that he wasn’t doing this alone.
“Yes, please Karen.” Peter took a step back from the board, crossing his arms and standing tall. Game face on, he told himself, a slight frown on his face. His fingers played with a loose thread from the back of his Dad’s Led Zeppelin top. The video started. It was his parents, Tony sat at his main desk in the workshop with his Pops bent down behind him to set himself with his arms over his Dad’s shoulders.
Glancing around himself, Steve glanced up to the lighting catwalks above him. Clint was perched on the railing, arrow at the ready and aimed at the power breaker above his head. He nodded. three, two, one. The room went dark, Steve thrusted his fist forward, shattering the glass of the display case, grabbing the transmitter, he quickly turned into the crowd of people rushing towards the exits, hearing the confused screams of the public and the security guards calling for backup was slightly overwhelming, he tried to just focus on the person in front of him, checking behind him quickly, he couldn’t see Clint anywhere, so he calmly followed the crowd out on to the main street. Making his way through the crowd, he kept his head down and took a couple of alleys back to the truck at the multi-storey car park.
Peter sat up, he felt powerful and exhausted at the same time. He focused on the final image of his Pops, paused at the end. His gentle smile, he’d been sitting in his Art studio, Peter spotted himself on the couch, covered in a torn spider suit and bandages, he’d just come back from a building fire, he remembers the burns and their pain, he was asleep in the background.
The doors open, and the group walked towards a large office with double door. The guards stopped either side of the doors and Tony, Peter and Peggy walked inside, before Steve could cross the threshold Peggy turned towards Steve, who had stopped and titled his head, questioning them stopping.
He hadn’t spoken or seen Peter in months, he’d tried not to think about him too much, the idea of fate had kept him up many nights in the past couple of weeks, the fact that he had the power to decide if he didn’t want this kid and his family but he couldn’t make himself want it any less. He hated the idea that this had to happen to him, some how, someone wants to marry him, not the funny, know-it-all, millionaire student but this new him, the lonely but powerful millionaire business executive who had all the time in the world but no one he’d share it with.
“Good morning, Mrs Stark. Sorry to wake you.” Steve bowed his head as an apology. Howard stepped from Steve. Maria made her way over to the pair, dressed in her pyjamas, house coat and slippers. “Howard, the Captain has said no, let him get on with his work., go get changed for bed. I wish to speak to the Captain for a moment.” Howard opened his mouth to speak, but a glare from one Maria Stark, silenced him as he made his way over to the hallway, Steve guessed there was a bedroom down the hall.
Peter sat down on the bed that was his home for his last night before going back to 1991. He stood up and made his way towards the walking closet, he was curious to see if the t-shirts he took in 2018 are here just now. Opening the door Peter stepped in and stopped when the photos blue-tacked on the back of the white door. The first couple were of Tony and Rhodey, the first had Rhodey collapsed on top of Tony in full football gear. Both of them laughing.
They timed it well for the moving truck to have pulled up at the same time, as they walked up the stairs, boxes in hand, the landlord opened the front door of the apartment. Peter almost dropped his boxes on how big the flat was compared to Tony’s old one, but he couldn’t miss the fact that it was fucking freezing. “Pretty fucking cold dude?” Peter placed the box on the kitchen island.
Howard had invited him to the Stark family Christmas last year. It wasn’t amazing, Howard gave him an up-market house in New York somewhere, he’d never actually visited the place, never been there in his whole life, whereas Tony, bought him socks, socks with famous paintings. He loved them, he wore a hole into the Monet ones. Mrs Stark had bought him a nice set of paint brushes. One of his favourites, was a large pot of Ana’s stew to take home with home after Christmas, gosh, he ate that for weeks. He could really use some of that just now.
“Anthony, I … may I come in?” Peggy was dressed far more casually than he’d seen her in the last six months. Her blue dress wasn’t a tailored business dress that he’d seen this morning but one that reminded him of her visits when he was younger, far more carefree and focused more on comfort rather than appearance. He took a step back, gesturing into the room. She nodded and side stepped past him, taking in the room before sitting down in the wing back chair. Tony shut the door and quickly climbed his way onto the end of the bed. He could see his Aunt taking in his appearance. Grey joggers that were clearly too big for him, they were Steve’s, he’d pulled the strings tight on his hips to stop them falling down, his black tank vest, hiding an oil stain or two. She sighed but then smiled, “You look relaxed.” She commented, he couldn’t decide if it was a statement, a question or good old British sarcasm but he decide to respond anyway.
“Ok, just make sure you give it a clean in the morning to be sure no dirt heals in with it overnight, do you have any questions Captain?” Steve shook his head. Natasha tilted her head in a questioning look. “Doctor, can I ask, is the serum likely to pass down genetically?” Steve opened his eyes and looked over to Natasha, what was she up to? The doctor was caught off guard by the question and her face showed it. “That’s a very … personal question to ask on behalf of the captain.” She looked over her shoulder to the Captain, who just shrugged back at her. He wasn’t in the mood to try and be polite.
Steve pulled Tony’s body up to his face, crying into his chest. Tony finally woke up to the situation that Steve was dealing with, wrapping his arms as best as he could around the back of Steve’s head. Squeezing tightly in response to Tony’s grip, playing with the longer strands of blonde hair, pushing them out of Steve’s face.
Tony held the office door open for the pair to exit. As Steve nodded as he passed by Tony, he was caught off guard for a moment when Tony walked quickly to keep up with his steps and took his hand once again, giving him a gentle squeeze.
“What do you want. Director Carter. I’m busy.” Tony sat up in his chair, placing the pen in perfect parallel with the leather desk cover and his diary, finally making full eye contact with his Aunt. Peggy sighed, “Anthony, Peter’s father has come through the portal. He’s taking him home either today or tomorrow.” Tony’s fist clenched on his desk, his eyes stared down at the corner of his diary, it was slightly frayed, not blinking at the news. He knew Peter was going home but that … his husband had come for Peter. Maybe it was just himself, but still, the future had come to him. Literally.
“I can’t go out there, James. I can’t.”Rhodey frowned and stepped into Tony’s personal space, taking his friend’s shoulders in his hands. “I’m not going to make you do that. Come on there must be a back door.” Rhodey turned Tony around, he’d never managed to move Tony this easily. Finally the manager stepped in and lead them out through the back into the alley. Tony took off running. Rhodey, jumped a little when Tony bolted but he was too drunk and was beginning to collapse near the end of the alley. Rhodey jogged to catch up to him and caught him down on his knees. Rhodey wrapped his arm under Tony and began to walk him down the empty roads.
Steve opened his eyes to the sight of Clint tapping on the glass window. Steve opened the door and took the carrier bag from Clint and hopped out of the car. pulling the rest of the suit off of his shoulders, he took out the plan white t-shirt and pulled it over his head. Clint turned away and whistle a gentle tune as Steve changed into the jeans and pulled a pair of boots on. Slipping his wallet into his back pocket and pulling on a navy basic jacket he tapped Clint’s shoulder to signal he was ready. Clint locked the truck and the pair made their way back to the Rogers’ residence. They snuck in the back door and jogged up the inside fire escape staircase. Steve pressed his ear against the front door. Happy that the apartment was empty, he pulled out his key and headed inside.
She turned to look out the window, deep in thought, she relaxed back into the chair, “But, I was selfish to think that he would come back to me the way he left, he never aged and I just expected him to be the old man that he should have been if this was a normal world. He has always been a loyal friend to me Anthony, but I know that he will be disappointed in my actions and I have let you down as your godmother. I should be encouraging this friendship and at the very least leaving you two alone, I promised your mother that I wouldn’t let Shield get involved in your life and I have failed it miserably by putting it at the centre of your life and your friends. I’m so sorry.” Silently, tears ran down
An awkward cough from behind Peter broke the peaceful moment of the small family reunion, Peter’s grin grew as he watch his Pop’s face transform into a smirk. A sly quirk of the lips. Tony finally looked up from Peter to find a very young Steve Rogers, cautiously stepping into the compound, the bright red, white and blue suit far more vibrant than he could ever remember it being. Peter patted his dad’s back as he let go and stood by his Pops.
The Avengers stood silently when the time anomaly closed. Steve took Tony’s hand in his and brought him into his chest. Tony gripped onto his husband’s hips and looked up to him and Steve looked at Tony. Natasha turned to Clint, “We need to have a back up to the plan. We need to be prepared to send someone through.” Steve let go of Tony. “I’m going through. No questions, he’s our son and We’ve given them more than enough time to find him. If he isn’t there the next time this opens, I’m going to go get him.” The team nodded back.
“Son of a bitch! That stings.” Steve gritted through his teeth, Natasha rolled further away from Steve, crouching with her back against the wall, she glances between Barton, Steve and the window. “He has a clear shot on Steve why isn’t he shooting?” Barton shrugged his shoulders. Steve used his upper arm strength to pull himself through to the living room. Twisting his body round so that he could sit up right with his back against the wall. He gripped his leg with both hands, he let the back of his head hit the wall with a loud thud. A bullet ripped through the wall next to Steve. Missing his body by a couple of inches, lodging itself into the dark oak floorboards.
Steve rolled his wrists, prepared for the worst. The high pitched squeal of the lock on the door made Steve flinch at the sound. He closed his eyes briefly, opening them to find Directors Carter, Pierce making their way in to the cell. Peggy had a sober look on her face, guilt clear as day. Steve rolled his jaw around his mouth. He was fucking piss at Peggy. She called the order on his detainment as far as he could understand. He just needed to figure out why she even called it in the first place. Time to ham up the acting!
As the SUV pulled into the office’s underground car park Peter felt his spider sense tingle. He’d never forget what his Dad used to say when Pops was away, ‘an intelligence organisation that fears intelligence, is never good.’ He was going to have a killer headache after this. Escorted through the building and into a lift, the soft tones of elevator music played as Peter took a chance to glance at everyone, however, Steve was staring directly to him, and not a friendly stare. This was a Captain America stare. Tony was checking out the painting on the wall and nudged Steve’s elbow, enough to distract him from staring at Peter. Tony smiled and subtly pointed to the piece raised his eyebrows and just like that Peter watched Captain America and his Pops appear, Steve closed his eye, shook his head gently and let out a soft laugh at the print. Steve opened his eyes to look at Tony, who was trying not to laugh and looking straight ahead.
“Peter! Another crack opened, your Dad couldn’t hold it open this time but enough for me to connect to the servers again. They left another message.” Peter sat down on his bed, leaning back to lie down. “Play it Karen.”
There was a loud knock at the door. Peggy used the back of her hand to wipe some of the makeup off her face that had streamed down with the tears. Tony reached back on to the bed to pull on a grey zipper hoodie, using the sleeves to clear his eyes. Tony jumped up, holding out his hand to help his aunt off the floor. She sorted her dress out before heading to the door. Opening it wide the pair found Agent Coulson, “Ma’am, Mr Stark, Captain America and his… team are back with the boy. They have just registered with the first entry check point. ETA ten minutes.”
Peter just watched as his… scumbag of a grandfather torn into his Pops. His Pops didn’t have many friends, yes, he had the avengers, they were great friends, but they weren’t solely his friends, he shared them with dad which wasn’t bad just it was noticeable. Peter always wondered why his Pops liked having him around so much, he just thought it was cause he wanted to be close to his son, but Peter could kinda see now that his Pops just wanted another friend. Maybe one who would actually outlive him. Peter wanted to give Steve a hug right now, tell him its going to be ok, that he’s not alone forever, because he knows now, this Steve is just a very lonely man.
conveniently held at his father’s favourite bar just in time for happy hour. Tony wrote a reminder to look into this on his diary, a gentle knock at the door echoed in the quiet office. “Come In.” Tony lifted his head to three men in suits making their way in, quickly standing against the walls, followed by Director Carter. Tony rolled his eyes, breathing in through his nose, raising his eyebrows he leaned back in his office chair, playing with his father’s pen, spinning it round his thumb. “Official visiting hours are every other Monday between four and six.” Peggy sat down and looked over to one of the copy and paste men in suits, nodding to him. They left the room as quickly as they had entered, not a trace of their appearance.
“Sooooooo I’m staying home today I can’t miss this, please! I’ve never seen any of these, I need blackmail on you two and the clothes! Oh please!” Before Peter’s ass had hit the couch cushions, Steve had made up his mind,  and as he began to wrap his good arm around his son and pull him closer, he turned to grin at Tony. Tony sighed, placing his hands on his hips looking towards the ground. Throwing his head back with a roll of his eyes he said, “Fuck it, alright then, BUT! Back tomorrow, no exceptions!”
It was official, Tony thought to himself, his future son his actually crazy. The thunder cracked once again and then a tall, blonde muscular man was bent at the knee on the coffee table. Scratch that. He’s the crazy one cause this man was something else, a solid 6ft 5’ tall and as wide as the god damn coffee table, he was handsome as fuck.
“Get some sleep Shell-head, you need to be fresh for school tomorrow and I need to catch a shooter. Sleep well Shell-head, Wing-head out.”
Steve Rogers could have died a war veteran in the 1940’s. No one in this time, beside his fellow art students could recognise the name. He was a nobody, by design to be fair, but he wanted a new life. He was hesitating on the change to Steve Stark. He’d considered taking his father’s name, hiding behind Joseph Rogers. For a short while he’d considered taking his mother’s maiden name, but he’d forgotten it, she’d been married to his father his entire life. A sad moment of memory that happened a life time ago for the rest of the world, well and truly forgotten. But it was just an idea on the long road home. But visiting Stark mansion one last time to apologise to Jarvis and Ana. He’d like to ask for maybe a jumper or two of Tony’s if there was anything of his left. Steve really wanted to ask his future self how they worked out in the end, when did they finally get together? What was their wedding like?
Steve had no idea a kid’s imagination could be that vivid, but the kid needed sleep, so he just encouraged and repeated the mantra, “Its ok, kiddo, there’s nothing to worry about, get back to sleep.” Peter eyes began to lull again, “yeah, I will Pops, I’m glad I’m home again, I’ll see you in the morning for a run, I need a long one.” Steve ruffled the kid’s hair as he slowly fell back into his dreams, “Sure thing kiddo. Just get me up if you need anything.” Steve used his hand on his knee to help him get up. Tip toeing out of the room, Steve gently shut the door behind him and made his way to the other bedroom.
“You are welcome, Peter, lets head back, I need to pack for our trip and Tony, I’m pretty sure, will be asleep on the couch, because I asked Jarvis not to give him anymore coffee,” the pair laughed and began to make their way back to the mansion.
His Pops sat in the front and chucked a blanket over the center console for him, Peter had wrapped himself in the blanket before leaning his head against the side panel to rest. He looked forward to his parents from his rested position. His parents held hands over the center console as Tony drove past the security gate at the front of the complex. Peter fell asleep just a bit further down the road as they hit the forests.
Tony mock saluted Peter and Jarvis gave his wife a sweet kiss on the check as the two headed out towards the back door. “Now! Édesem Help me peel potatoes!” She bent down to pull out two large pots, “Oh could you grab the potatoes sack over in the corner, I don’t mind if you drag it over here! Don’t hurt yourself!” Peter grabbed another apron from behind the door, making his a way over to the sack of potatoes, he bent at his knees and picked it up with both hands, he couldn’t even feel the strain anymore.
The couple turned and made their way into their home, Mrs Stark pulled off her gloves and place her sunglasses on top of her head, “Tony, I’m glad your home. How are you?” She immediately made her way over to her son, taking his face in her cold hands, her gentle touch breaking Tony’s frown, “I’m fine Ma, how was your trip over?” He watched her face closely as he removed her hand, “It was fairly good, your father insists on driving as if we are elderly old hags, honestly we would have been here an hour ago if he had actually taken the new freeway!” Tony let out a gentle laugh for his mother. She reached down to pull down his T-shirt further down his body.
“You did well kid. If you want, you’re more than welcome to join me again, that was a good run, but you better get showered and dressed, we’ll need to head to Shield soon.” Steve clapped his hand on Peter’s back, pulling his hand away he wiped his hand on his running joggers, removing Peter’s sweat from his hands. Peter was just lying on the couch, his muscles refusing to move due to exhaustion, he quickly realised at the start of the run that his Pops had always gone easy on him when it came to running, 90s Steve Rogers certainly did not hold back, he was struggling within the first 10 minutes, missing his Pops words of encouragement to keep going.
Clint took the cables from the battery as Steve set it down in the truck bed. The radio transmitter came to life letting out loud static through its rusted speaker. Steve watched as Clint moved all the dials to specific frequencies. Double checking his work, he used the metal button on top to begin his morse code message to Natasha. When he finished he sat back on his ass, Steve crossed his arms over the edge of the truck, relaxing his head on top of his arms. Giving a silent prayer that she was alive.
Tony heard footsteps outside the door, rolling out of bed. He gently snuck around the bottom of the bed, his sock covered feet helping silence his footsteps. Placing his hands carefully on either side of the peep-hole, Tony leaned forward to gaze through. He shot back in fear at a gentle knock. Tony, stepped back, quietly, he opened the door. It took him a few seconds to decide to open the door. It was his Aunt Peggy.
“Wing-head, come in Wing-head” the call came from Steve’s belt which had been abandoned on the table in the corner, the wooden table vibrated with the sound waves. They all turned their gaze towards the device, Steve let out a gently sigh. Clint, turned back to look at Steve, stabbing his fork down into his dinner to prepare another bite, “I thought communication devices weren’t allowed on Special Ops Mission?” It was a cheeky question, but Steve knew he was in the wrong to have the device with him, “I know, I know, Tony says its un-traceable and so far, that’s been true.”
Maria broke the silence, “I’m going to go make sure Howard and I are packed, we will leave in an hour or so.” Maria promptly left the room. As soon as they heard the door upstairs shut, signalling that Maria was away, Jarvis and Ana bolted to their room as Tony stepped out, the pair surrounded Tony in a hug. Peter steeped out just behind them, Tony seemed to be avoiding Peter’s eyes, maybe in shame, Peter thought to himself as he titled his head in confusion, it was difficult to see his Dad in distress, he always shut down. Ana and Jarvis lead Tony through to the front room where the piano stood, the gently set him down on the couch, laying him down, Peter grabbed a throw from the other couch and threw it over Tony’s shoulders. Peter had spotted the Santa hat from the night before, he decided to gently place it on top of Tony’s head. Ana patted Peter’s shoulders and guided him out the room.
“Is that the shield?” Peter gestured to the obviously large round carry case. Steve chuckled, “What, this?” He said with humorous tone, “this is just where I keep my symbols for the Shield company orchestra. I’m very proud.” Peter let out a laugh at his Pop’s poor joke. Steve smiled in good humour at the fact Peter found the joke actually funny. Steve reached down to lift the case on to the kitchen table, gesturing for Peter to come closer with his head. Peter shuffled up and watched Steve unzip the bag and lift out the shield with his hand, holding it out towards Peter. Peter took it immediately and ran his hand along the front of it.
Steve sucked in a stuttering breath, wiping his eyes of the invisible tears that would have come. Guess Tony was up in heaven now, Steve hoped to himself that his mother had been there to welcome Tony, he could dream that they watched him as angels, that his mother would be sewing away as Tony tinkered with his robots. Pushing away from the glass he focused in on his mission again.
rather than your own friend!” Tony slammed his fist into the arm rest, fast and hard enough to cause Peggy to jump in her chair.
“Who is this, where is Tony put him on the phone. NOW.” Peter pulled the phone away from his ear and turned to Tony. Tony yelled across the room,
Steve opened the door to let Peter back into the flat, taking deep breaths to recover from his run, to his surprise Peter could keep up and at certain points get ahead of him, it was nice to feel challenged on one of his morning energy burns. Peter dropped his body on to the couch, sweat dripping from every part of his face. He curled his hand around the water bottle, shoving the nozzle in his mouth and draining half of the water that was left from the run.
Tony rolled his eyes, “Of course you wouldn’t.” Steve leaned back to lay his head against the arm rest, shutting his eyes, just to rest. “But yes, I’m fine after the flight, just a bit on edge with the possibility that the shooter was at the airfield.” Tony tensed his muscles, Steve could feel it, so he brought his arm over Tony’s shoulder to give him a back hug. “Can we talk about that, seriously.” Steve opened his eyes. “I’m all ears.” Tony looked straight up to the ceiling, his hands playing with the shield issued zipper hoodie head been given before the flight.
Instead of a peaceful morning inside, Jarvis stood in the kitchen, worry was painted all over his face and he stared to the ground. Ana held a tea towel up to her ears, so she didn’t need to hear the yelling from Howard and Tony. Maria looked between the two, a stern look on her face now. Peter walked carefully round to stand between Ana and the yelling, the loud noises piercing his control over his senses. “Ana what’s happened?” Maria asked forcefully, she knew if she was going to stop this, she needed to know why it happened.
Peter scrambled down the hallway and upstairs to the bedroom, grabbing the duffle bag that he hadn’t unpacked. His wallet was sitting next to it, shoving it roughly in his pocket he stuffed the duvet in another bag with a pillow and a sleeping bag. He grabbed the thickest and largest raincoat in the closet and ran back down the stairs towards the door, using his sleeve to wipe his face, looking one last time into the kitchen.
Peter crossed his arms over his body, trying to turn invisible, to hide from the judging and calculating stares of hundreds of scientists. His Dad allows his scientific development team on site but that was a team of 12, who are friendly and kind individuals working with the Avengers. Not hundreds of unknown strangers in his home, or what would be his home, None of them looked like Maureen, she baked the best cookies, always made extra for Peter and Steve.
Steve was carefully walking down the hallway again, avoiding the missing boards, when he heard Peter’s unrest. Poking his head round the door, careful not to make it creak, Steve’s vision focused in on Peter, who was sweating up a storm in the bed. Steve walked up to beside the bed, kneeling like he had before. Peter couldn’t stop moving, letting out whispered words of nonsense for Steve. The kid was clearly worried about something big, so he tried to help by gently taking the blanket on top of the duvet off and using it to wipe away some of the sweat.
Peter sighed and screwed his face. Reaching for the cupboard in the corner, he pulled out the broom closest to the door, the brown one ought to do the job. Twisting it each side to inspect his weapon of choice, Peter grabbed a hold of the brush and proceeded to poke his Pops in the back. “Please stop. I need sustenance for my brain so I can get an education. Off the counter as well, you guys are worse than the seniors at school!”
“Night Wing-head, Shell-head out.” Tony sighed. He pulled the blanket over his shoulder and tried to sleep for the rest of the flight. He didn’t manage to sleep at all.
Peter had been allowed to leave his work early after Margaret said that he worked too hard and that her son had come home early for Christmas so she would get him to clean out the coffee grinder, so Peter wasn’t too disappointed, he’d save up quite a bit of money, a nice amount to maybe treat himself after Christmas if he was still here but he was proud of himself, he’d work a job.. no one expect it of him at home, he was the heir to literally Billions, not that he cared but it was nice to work, no one stopping him on the street to get a photo of him or his parents. It was nice, peaceful even.
As Peter thought up his plan they moved through to pack Tony’s room. Tony had a lot of shit for such a tiny room. Peter was amazed at the amount of blueprint and construction paper Tony had just on his walls and floor, before they even moved on to the desk unit. Tony insisted on keeping it all. Peter was reluctant until he spotted a familiar design schematic. “DUM-EE!” Tony stopped was he was doing. He peered over Peter’s shoulder to investigate what design Peter was looking at. “Wait, you know this design?” Tony asked looking shocked. “Yeah!” Peter exclaimed while looking at the finer detail of the schematic, “You keep him in your workshop, he helps out or at least he tries to! He tries so hard sometimes… Man you have this framed in the lab above your desk, I never knew it was the real one.” Tony dropped everything.
Peter launched himself high up into the air, grabbing at a branch, he swung on the old oak tree, it barely creaked under his light wait. Natasha rolled out of the way, quickly standing at the ready as Peter turned, she boot kicked the side of Peter’s chest, sending him flying back into the tree’s trunk. Peter’s back flexed around the curve of the tree, he cried out in pain as he fell to the ground, splinters rained down on his head. The dirt hugged his face once again. Natasha stood unimpressed nearby. “I
Peter turned around to look at the broken device. With an up-close look, Peter poked at the device, following the wire trail and inspect the circuit board inside, he turned to look at Ana, who had been watching him, “No, he broke the circuit in half, I would need Tony’s knowledge as to how the pieces match together. Sorry.” Ana patted his shoulder, as a thank you for trying. Jarvis, Ana and Peter jumped when a large piece of furniture hit the ground and shattered.
The Directors all jumped in their skins when Steve lurched dramatically forward in his restraints. Director Pierce coughed awkwardly and stepped forward, not fully intimidated by his lurch forward. “Captain the kids knowledge of the future could have changed the future of Shield, knowing where our enemies are going to be, saving lives! We just want to know who told you?” Steve kept a strict face and a deep tone. “People who should not be alive. That in its self is dangerous. I don’t care what you think I would have done. He was my son. My
Howard and Tony stood toe to toe. Glaring at each other, “So, you’re here. You are quite happy to listen to the Captain but when I tell you to do something it’s a whole song and dance.” Howard laughed as he finished his statement. Tony just turned and walked up the stairs. Howard grumbled to himself, turning around to take in Peter’s appearance, “Steve said you would be here. Do I want to know why your Shield file is blocked, considering I’m the top Director of Shield?”
After four hours Maria Stark held well to her name, owning over 35% of the property in the board. Her son close 2
Steve coughed and decided to take advantage of his time with Mrs. Wilkinson, who lived two doors up stairs from his parents and was his old drama teacher. She gave him an A for his work. Let’s hope it paid off he thought to himself. Steve clicked his neck to the side, losing his gaze to a spider in the corner of the room, he let the tears just tip over the edge of his eyes. They needed to hold back the tears believably. “I’d forget? How would you explain Howard’s death to me? It was very public knowledge?” Pierce gave a depraved smirk. It left an uneasy feeling in Steve’s stomach. “We’ll figure it out. Don’t worry, you’ll be fine at the end of the day, You’re old Captain Rogers, Its not hard to explain the deaths of veterans in the modern world.” Steve accidentally let out an angered gruff and his upper lip twitched.
‘Steve, I lost them, I lost Peter. I…’ Tony jumped out of his reverie as the helicoptered touched down. Peggy, uncrossed her legs and grabbed her satchel. The doors slid open as the engines shut down. Peggy thrusted her arm out of the helicopter, handing her satchel to one of her agents. Helping her out the side. She turned back to Tony as he jumped down out the door. He spotted Fury standing clear of the landing pad. Fixing his suit buttons he eyed up Fury, his lip twitched as he stared him down.
Peter stood up to try and walk away. “He’s busy and I can’t get in the way of history Thor. I need to get going.” He walked through Thor’s ghostly body, effectively making him disappear from the quad. Peter shrugged his backpack up his shoulder as he made his way up the apartment stairs. He pulled his keys out of his sky-blue hoodie pocket and as he reached forward to open the door Tony opened it for him.
If there are any blinding mistakes be sure to let me know and ill give it an update in the near future!
Peter was suppose to worry about his exams, relationships and prom, not surviving in a forest on edge for an assailant follow him. Steve whistled. Low and quiet. Peter looked up, stretching his arm out to take his Pop’s hand, he whistled back.
“Kid I’ve tried to fix this heating system for months now be my guest to try and fix it.” His reluctant attitude bleeding through with just a dash of not giving a shit. Tony passed by Peter’s shoulder and whispered, “Challenge accepted.” Peter snorted at Tony’s dorkiness. All the boxes were dropped in the rooms across the flat, after the last one was placed Tony finally took a tour around. He took in the kitchen living room that was slightly bigger than his last flat, but he had double doors opening on to a small balcony looking out over the West campus. The bedrooms were at exact opposite ends of this room. Small hallways lead to bedrooms with en suites and office rooms that were just slightly smaller than Tony’s last office, but the bedroom was bigger, so it was a trade-off he was willing to pay.
Peter leaned back against the wall, a soft smile on his face. He looked up to his holo-board, running through the footage of his disappearance from the future. The simulations working through each angle of the security footage of the workshop. “Try to take the data more focused on the compound that hit me.”
Tony’s eyes widened at that. Tony turned back once again to watch Steve Rogers belittle Howard. “You leave him alone until he graduates or I’m retiring. I want a damn phoneline on these missions if I must go on them. Finally, I ever here you bad mouthing my team…” He took another step forward, completely looking down over Howard now, “my team who crossed the front lines of WW2 and risked their lives for your selfish life you can live now, I will throw you off this roof myself.”
Clint watched the Peter boy come closer to him, judging him up and down before saying, “You’re a lot grumpier than I remember.” Peter turned and ran off to catch up with his parents, catching the sour faced expression of his Uncle in the reflection of the glass.
Steve pulled the blanket. up higher over his son’s shoulders, covering them fully in the thick woollen throw. Shuffling ever-so slightly into a reclined position while holding Peter in his arms. Peter was having a snooze on his Pop’s chest, the muscles in his face relaxed and slack. He gripped his Pop’s shirt in his hands, holding on tightly just incase that if let go his Pops would disappear.
As sky began to lighten on a new day, Peter decided to see if Maria was up yet for her walk, he made his way quietly down the stairs. Tiptoeing past Howard’s office in case he was still awake, opening the kitchen door, he found Maria, leaning down to tie her shoes, Peter just stood in the doorway staring at her with tired eyes, she looked up to find Peter, “I’m glad someone decided to take me up on my offer!” She stood up and gestured towards the glass double doors leading towards the back of the house. Peter walked forwards and held open the door for Maria.
Steve nodded, softening his expression to the kid, he came across too harsh. He’d apologise later. Peter watched as his Pop’s gently lifted his dad up to his feet, and slowly walked him outside to a bench in the park. Sitting him down before trying to get a better grip on Tony. Peter watched as Steve, used his hand to gently inspect Tony’s face, he had forgotten that they hadn’t see each other in at least 4 months, they weren’t even together at this point. Steve was so gentle with his hand, his face soft as he smirked at Tony’s sleeping face.
“I’m still angry at him. Aren’t you a bit much for bringing a teenage back to my house?” Tony dropped the glass back down onto the cabinet counter. He turned on the spot to reach for more drink. Natasha stood quickly, quietly making her way up and behind Tony. Reaching around his body, she wrapped her hand around the clear glass neck, ripping it from his grip. She quickly wrapped her hand around his other arm, that had tried to reach out for the bottle. “You have a problem.” Unimpressed by his attitude, she threw the bottle on to the couch across the room. Tony glared back at her. “Where is your kid? Huh? Are you that much of an asshole?”
“First, with our head start, we should stop by my apartment before Shield searches it, I’ve got ammo and fresh armour hidden away. Second, we try and get a hold of Natasha, somehow, Pierce didn’t know it was Nat that told me but its going to be clear pretty soon.” Steve slunk down
Romanoff scoffed. “Sentimental Barton? Pathetic. You didn’t ask me here to save the moronic kid who decided chasing an assassin was a good idea.” Peter looked up to the women who was a much younger Aunty Tasha, sporting the familiar red hair, leather jacket and black combat boots. “Technically,” Barton said while helping clear Peter’s hands of gravel burns and the dust, “We didn’t ask. We made it clear that we are in charge of the ledger. Besides, Roger’s saved your life back there in Budapest.”
The laughter died down, Steve finally took another bite of his noodles. “Not to sound rude Steve, but then how did you end up with Stark Jr in Boston? I thought they would put you straight into Shield training.” Natasha continued to chew her food loudly as she spoke?” Steve took another sip of his drink, loudly slurping from the straw. “Howard thought it would be good for me to go finish something I had start from the war, he thought art school was the easiest for me to ‘accept’, I think it was the easiest for him to fund.” Steve shuffled his entire body, unbuckling the sides of his boots, trying to get more comfortable on the hardwood flooring, he could really use a coffee right now.
Clint whistled out the side of his mouth. “I don’t know, honestly, how to answer that, just… If this is the final time you’re going to see Peter, then ask everything you want to know, just take it all in while you can.” Steve nodded slowly, maybe more for himself. Steve looked up from his lap, thrusting his hand forward onto the dashboard, “CLINT.”
Tony laughed and wrapped his arm around Peter, “Come on live a little! I probably don’t let you do this in the future, so have fun, hang out with the big boys. Peter quickly tried to get out from Tony’s arm, “look, I’m just not like that ok, you would totally not be on board with this idea!” Tony stood up and made his way to the phone, dialling Rhodey’s number.
“Fashion is very different in the future. Just yeah that’s an embarrassing jumper to me.” Tony harrumphed. “Well its fashion forward now Kid. I look great, come one lets go.” Peter was still laughing on the way out the door.
had his arm round Peter shoulders pulling him closely into to his side as they spoke between themselves. Peter clung to his Pop’s side, looking up at him as the slowly made their way up the stairs, Tony pushed quickly past Peggy and Coulson to walk briskly towards his family, “Peter!”
“I’ll give you the handkerchief comment but stop the blasphemy.” Steve was starting to get tired. “Fine, Shield MedEVAC. One minute out. Can you hold out.” Steve closed his eyes, how did he even get into these situations, he’s a seventy-three-year-old man, fighting a Hydra assassin with his shield dressed in his old patriotic suit. That reminded him, he should really ask for a new one, maybe tone down the colours. Especially because there’s a bullet hole in it.
Jarvis took in the appearance of Tony and compared it to Peter, now knowing the true, he was so proud of Tony, Peter was a sweet kid, smart and very polite but what always would break Jarvis’ heart was Tony’s choice of words,
Natasha’s eyes widened at the sight of Peter and his backpack stuck to the ceiling above the door. She turned to watch as Peter stood at the ready to pounce if the Shield agents inspected the cabin. “Alpha unit two and three, negative, returning to the main unit. Direction NorthWest. ETA five minutes.” The agents nodded to each other and proceeded to leave through the front door. Peter didn’t let them move for another five minutes just to be sure. Peter wrapped his arm around his Aunt’s waist, shooting a web up to the ceiling, he jumped with them both and slowly lowered them to the ground. Natasha let out a pained cry as she landed and put pressure on her ankle. Peter gripped her waist tighter and carefully placed her down on the couch.
Tony and Peter walked slowly back toward the flat. Shield guards followed closely behind the pair as they made their way into their flat. They silently spilt off to each of their rooms. Peter grabbed the duffle from the foot of the bed, opening it wide on the bed and chucking clothing in from the floor. He didn’t have much stuff in this time, so he was finished first and walked back into the living room where Steve was directing soldiers around the property. Peter dumped the bag on the kitchen table and stood fidgeting, unsure of what was going to happen now, he never thought of the possibility that he could die in 1991. His parents could watch him die and not know it was him until he was born.
“Driver. HQ please.” Peggy relaxed back into her chair. Pulling up a screen behind the driver’s chair, replaying the universities CCTV camera footage of her Godson and his son. Anthony had invited Peter to his class, the pair had embarrassed the lecturer to the point he was writing his resignation as he was finishing up the class. Peggy let out a chuckle at her Godson’s antics. It was good to see him with a friend, she thought to herself, Peter was a good kid, Anthony and Steve had done well with him. Gosh, Steve was so blinded sometimes. Peggy had thought the glove might have been enough, but the kid was wearing Joseph Rogers’ military watch, a fresh strap, but still his watch. She watched the video a couple of more times. Just enjoying what the future had to hold, a little while longer.
“Peter can you grab the phone for me? I don’t know just say you’re a friend or something and if Rhodey asks then just say I know you from home, wait you do know Rhodey right?” It was slightly muffled by the cupboard but Peter’s super solider hearing didn’t struggle.
“Still why would a shooter be after me? I’m a Stark sure, but no ransom? Not even kidnapping just death? Something wasn’t right about this Steve.” Tony stood up to head down the hallway, taking careful steps to avoid the broken floor boards, towards the bedrooms, the tools they pair had used last year to repair the bedroom floors still sitting in the hallway against the corner.
But he needed a way out and fast. He need to warn Natasha, If she knows something about Peter, then she is in danger. They aren’t going to offer her a choice as to to whether or not to use this memory wipe. Who wouldn’t want one of the best spies in the business under their control.
Tony was trembling as he held on to Steve’s shoulder, his hands covered in the crimson blood. He looked up to Peter, Steve was gripping the side of his arm, clearly grazed by the bullet as he moved Tony out of the way. “Peter call the police.” Steve asked as he took a breath through his teeth. Peter’s eyes widen in sight of the blood. He turned and bolted after the shooter. Diving out the window to the next roof top.
She had fucked up. Not something she would ever be proud of but her judgement in her leadership and colleagues had been swayed this morning by the arrival of one Steve G. Stark. Who had fallen in love with her godson sitting across from her, this bitter but ultimately lonely boy and love him so much to start a family with arguably a sweeter kid than Tony when he was younger.
“Was Peter ok? He’s really torn up about this, not that I’m not freaking the fuck out.” Tony laid on his side facing the middle of the shared bed. Steve turned over to face Tony, seeing his outline in the dark, “He really misses his parents, I wish he could go home now but he’s a target now more than ever, I’d rather keep him safe.” Tony hummed in agreement, “Thanks Steve, night.”
Barton stepped back into the driver side door and closed it behind himself. The screen in the middle of the dashboard lit up with Director Carter. “Ma’am.”
“Finally, ready? Only took you an hour Tony. You ready to head to the Triskelion?” Tony nodded, he made his way over to the closet to grab two jacket that were hanging on the wall hooks that at least looked like they could fit Steve’s shoulders. Handing the jacket over, Steve chucked the towel over the hamper in the corner and accepted the jacket from Tony. Tony was throwing his arms through the sleeves of the jacket as he made his way down the hallway, when missed the step to avoid the broken floorboards. falling towards the floor when Steve caught Tony around the waist to stop him. Steve held Tony around the waist, Tony’s legs outstretched, one still in the broken board, Tony’s arms had automatic reached to grab Steve’s upper arms, gripping tightly.
to determine that he, Peter and Tony were moving after they got home. If he had anything to do with it they’d be moving either back to his apartment or they’re buying a house outside the city. This was no place for a kid to grow up and if
Peter wanted to smack his dad silly. How could his parents ever dislike each this much? These results didn’t match his fallout chart for his parents, this was off the scale. How could Peter convince his Dad to fall in love with Pops, this shouldn’t have been hard, they are always acting lovely dovey nonsense to each other. This does not compute!
When security turned up they declared that their living space was too close to the “dangerous unknown object” So Peter and his dads had to leave the compound for the night, which Peter was super excited for now. Cause that meant they were going to the Stark Mansion. Where Great Aunt Peggy lived. Peter loved Peggy, she had so many stories it was unbelievable and still able to take his dads down a peg at age 92. When Tony brought the car around to the front of the complex, Peter bolted from his seat next to his Pops in the lobby. He was in the car before Steve even had a chance to stand up. Tony chuckled from the front seat. “Best to sleep kiddo, it’s gonna take us a while.”
Peter decided to wander round the apartment for a bit because at the mention of food he was feeling pretty hungry. He spotted some energy bars on the kitchen island and munched them down without much of a care. He wandered down the hallway across from the living room. While this place was big for a student apartment it didn’t really scream modern Stark place, even for the 90’s. Peter found his dad’s or maybe best to say Tony’s office/study at the end of the hallway, his bedroom, a spare and his Pop’s room. Peter wandered into his Pop’s bedroom to see what it was like. Everything was neat and tidy which was no surprise but what was surprising was the layer of dust covering everything in the room, clearly the bed had not been slept on in a while as the layer of dust covered the cover and pillows. Prints of famous paintings lined the walls along with random marks of paint and charcoal. He found the letter that he had read with his parents yesterday, on the desk, fresh with crystal white paper but had already be crumpled up and flatted out again. It was the letter requesting his Pops back into service, Peter guessed that this must mean two things; one his parents were not together and two this was the argument that drove them apart, they weren’t even friends right now. Oh boy. Peter walked out of his Pops room and shut the door behind him, deciding to explore his Da… Tony’s room. Peter heard the front door keys rattle in the lock.
After shaking out the sheet, Peter picked out some of the PJs that Tony had left him and changed into the tartan pants and black t-shirt. Peter stacked up the pillows against the headboard and slid into bed, wrapping his lower body in the blanket. Peter eye’s widened as an idea struck him. He stuck his are out horizontally in from of him palm down, he flicked his wrist over and watched as the holographic projection of Karen began her set up codes. Peter smiled as Karen greeted him,
“Karen,” Peter decided it would be best to whisper. “Can you project me a holograph board for me to write my ideas on. Also, is Spider-bro ok to be deployed?” Karen project up a large blue holo-board for Peter to work with. “Good morning Peter, spider-bro, still has ai   rotor damaged which will cause issues with control while in flight. But all other operations are functional.” Peter laid out the suit on the bed, putting on his left wrist band to start up and control the small flying drone, “I’m going to use him as surveillance on Stane.” Spider-bro jumped out of the centre of the suit. The tiny drone crawled across the floor and under the door.
Peter’s Pops would sit for hours on the first day of their weekend trips, rocking back and forth, reading whatever book he was working his way through. Once Peter had unpacked his bags he would find his Pop finishing up the page he was on so that they could spend the rest of the day setting up the fire pit for their traditional first night bbq, he could never forget the smells of his Pops smoked bbq burgers, the peaceful noise of the insects in the forests. Peter loved the rocking chair, he could always remember that his Pops would always toe off his shoes and sit them to the side, he’d stretch out his legs, using just the heel of his foot to start the movement.
Steve didn’t dare turn on the lights in case he gave Peter a fright but he gently whispering his name to see if Peter would wake up. Peter woke up with a scream and shot up into a sitting position, Steve’s hands immediate reached for Peter’s in the dark, repeating, “hey, its ok Peter, it was just a nightmare, don’t worry just go back to sleep.” Peter laid back down in the bed and just took some deep breaths, trying to calm down. “Pops? Pops, I had an awful nightmare, I went back in time after the gauntlet zapped me, you and dad weren’t even together, and I was so scared cause you didn’t like me, and I thought I was never going to go home.”
Can you pour this on top of the chicken!” Tony just leaned back against the counter, crossing his arms across his chest, he happily watched Ana guide Peter around her kitchen, well his mother’s but she’s only ever opened the wine fridge, he didn’t think she even knew how to work the cooker.
It wasn’t worth the pain and being awake through it all. Barton divided across the room, just in case the shooter was still waiting. He knelt next to Steve’s wound. “Do you want me to get it?...”
“Well can you at least get the cereal down from the cupboard?” Tony chuckled as he walked round to inspect Peter’s position on the ceiling.
“Captain Rogers, while my godson does not need to see his father, Director Stark has requested your presence to fil him in on your report of the Sahara Delta 4 mission. You will no longer be needed here. Afterwards grab Barton and report back to my office, Understood.” Steve frowned, opening and closing his mouth a couple of times before sighing, “Yes, ma'am understood.”
“Hey.” Tony said stepping back, “I need your opinion right now. Oh, and need to tell you shit for Christmas.” Peter walked into the kitchen area, dropping his backpack on the ground with a heavy thud. “Sure, what’s up.” He jumped up on to the kitchen counter.
“Morning, Peter, moving truck is coming in an hour, or at least that’s what Karen keeps saying from your wrist bands.” Tony stood up once the boxes were in place by the door. “I can confirm that Peter.” Karen chimed in from the wristband sitting on the coffee table. Peter took in the 30 or so boxes now stacked up around the front door, Tony had been super busy during the night packing up the rest of his room. Peter jumped up and rubbed his eyes, “How long have you been up? Is there anything I can help with?”
“Steve, it’s no question that he’s after Stark.” The articles were surrounded with surveillance photos of Stark Industries buildings, Tony on MIT campus and the Stark family mansion. “But why?”
Peggy looked up from a report in her hands, gently putting it down on her desk, removing her glasses from her nose. “Captain Rogers, Agent Barton and … Consultant on loan, Miss Romanoff. So, what do I owe the pleasure?” Steve held out his hand to Romanoff who opened the tube, pulling out a large sheet of blueprints. Handing them to Steve, who slammed them down onto the desk. Rolling them on. Peggy didn’t even jump when Steve slammed the print down.
“Hey, I think these will fit you for now, if you need anything just let me know cause I’m not a heavy sleeper so don’t worry about a kick or two. Night Peter.” Tony turned to leave waved goodnight. Peter yawned stretching out his muscles again.
Tony whipped his head around to the windows, standing up quickly to grab one side of the long ceiling to floor emerald curtains. Walking the drapes along the full length of the window, the room became a shadow of itself in the darkness. Tony mumbled under his breath, walking over to the drinks cabinet, grabbing a crystal glass and pour a generous amount of whisky into it. Roughly placing the bottle back into the cabinet’s glass shelf, he used his other hand to bring the glass up to his dry lips. Natasha looked on, confused, but not showing it to Tony. “Shield’s been calling me every other damn day, they had Coulson and his group take up shop on the edge of the grounds. Been there for weeks, spying on me.” Natasha, stood up and walked past Tony to the cabinet, grabbing a bottle of vodka, she inspected the label before pouring herself a glass.  “You know,” She took a swig of her glass, “Its rude to not offer your guests a drink.” Tony gave a quick breath of a laugh behind his closed mouth. “You are not staying. I’ve got a company to run and a thesis to finish.”
Peter reached over and threw a tennis ball to Steve, who gave a yell before throwing the ball at probably 90 mph at the wall. DUM_EE squealed and ran after the ball missing it slightly then catching it on the second bounce. Tony leaned on his elbow to assess the code during the throw. He frowned at the second block of code. “Again.” Steve took the ball from DUM_EE again, switching to a baseball pitch, the ball once again ricocheted off the wall at hit Tony on the back of the head.
He shot up into a seating position, scanning quickly around him to find Rhodey leaning against the door frame, arms crossed, happy to have caught Tony out for once. Rhodey smirked, “Good nights sleep?” a cheeky tone in his voice. Tony opened and closed his mouth a couple of times, his hands fluttering around him trying to look busy, he at least allowed himself to looked abashed at being caught in Steve’s bed. “I.. I .. I” Rhodey laughed, raising his hand to signal Tony to stop, “Stop, Stop, I don’t care…” Rhodey uncrossed his arms and recrossed them the other way, coughing awkwardly, “If that’s how ..” gesturing in the air in front of him, “you two are? Were? whatever, you know I don’t care right?” Rhodey smiled at Tony stepping into the room, patting Tony’s shoulder.
“God damn it T, where are you now?” Rhodey asked himself heading back out the flat. Peter dropped from the ceiling on to the floor into a crouched position.  Peter inspected the room and it was covered in blueprints and schematics for various robots and designs. Barely an inch of free space existed on any of the walls. Peter studied each of his dad’s designs, some of them he recognized as old Stark tech that had been further developed, including the Stark Phone designs. Peter decided it was best to try and find himself a clean glass and drink some water, so leaving the room untouched Peter wandered out into the hallway. As he did the door rattled once more, Peter frozen in his place. Tony walked through the door. Peter just stood there as Tony pulled through some bags from the local CVS store and shutting the door behind him, Tony looked about until he saw Peter and smiled, “Hey come on, I’m guessing your hungry time traveler, let’s compare notes shall we?”
Tony was sitting on the floor his back against the counter knees bent, Peter could hear the rapid gulping of wine, straight from the bottle. The moment Tony spotted Peter, he chucked the bottle in the direction of Peter, who jumped out of the way, even with all his bags. “GET OUT! THIS IS YOUR FAULT!” Peter ran, he just ran, he ran until he hit the edge of the forest, then he just started swinging, he couldn’t think straight. He didn’t stop running until dawn broke.
The doors bing open and Tony leads the way. Taking one of the bottles of chilled water from the receptions basket, he sauntered down the hall, holding the doors open to her office open for her to catch up. She caught up, thanking him quietly as she entered. Tony shut the door behind himself, spotting a couch, he threw himself onto it as he prepared to sit and wait for
“Peter, please try to reduce your heart rate now. You are suffering from a panic attack.” Peter could feel the room spinning, he gripped the bed sheets tightly between his fingers, squeezing his eyes closed. His senses were going crazy he could hear the Stark family in the kitchen, moving crystal drinks glasses, making their way down the hall to the living room, he could hear everyone’s footsteps as loud as elephants. He could hear everything, the simmering water of the soup, Ana and Jarvis’ shared whispers, the silence in the living room.
Clint slammed his foot on the breaks. The Winter Soldier, stepped to the side as the truck skidded by him. The truck stopped a few hundred yards ahead of him. Clint quickly looked back over his shoulder, out the back window the soldier made his way towards the truck. Steve leaned over, behind the seat, he grabbed his shield.
“Can I ask you a question Pete?” Peter nodded, taking his fork and stabbing it in to the salad and forcing the odd shaped leaves into his mouth. “You know who I end up with, but… am I happy with that?” Peter slowed his munching, he swallowed what he could, “What do you mean?” Tony stopped for a minute to think, “I am happy with who I end up with, they aren’t stupid and just … vain are they?” Peter had to laugh to himself, Tony kicked him under the bench, “Dude! Not funny! I’m being serious!” Peter held his hands up in a kind of stop motion, as if to say, ‘sorry, sorry, I get it.’ Peter guessed that Tony’s date 2
We need to get to the cabin first!” The soldier stopped firing at the truck when the clip ran out. He stood over the middle line in the road. Titling his head as the truck sped off into the distance, disappearing over the slight dip of the hill. He turned on his heels. Walking across the tarmac to stand by the side of the road. He unlocked the clip, allowing it to drop to the floor, he reload his rifle. raising his arms he braced against his shoulder, he fired a single shot down the road. The driver of an off-road 4x4 collapsed on the ATV. The vehicle rolled to a stop a few feet from the soldier. He made his way over to the vehicle, pulling the body off, he dragged it towards the ditch in the woods. Chucking the body in, he kicked over some fallen branches.
He moved through to his room, grabbing a duffle bag from the floor he dropped it on his bed, which was still made considering he slept on the floor yesterday. He picked out a large navy crew jumper, a white t-shirt, jeans and his tanned boots. He left his body warmer out separated with a scarf he’d also bought during his time in 1991. He opened up the cupboard, pulling out five or six t-shirts and dropping them into the bag. He also grabbed a couple of pairs of jeans and his trainer as well as the spider suit which had been gathering dust on his desk since his arrival in 91.
“We don’t know what happened yet, but we are sure as hell are hot on his trail. You want some revenge?” Clint slid into the room, Bow at the ready. Steve nodded, straightened his back and marched down the hall, pulling the shield off his back and had it at the ready on his forearm. The Starks were dead. Tony was dead. He’s lost his family. Again. He’s alone now. Nothing to lose.
“IF!?!” Peter slumped down in his bed. Taking off his wrist web-shooters, he sat them on the bedside table facing the window. “Hey, Karen can you show a family photo? I’m feeling…homesick now. Thanks.” Peter tucked his arm under his head as Karen projected a family photo for Peter. It was of him, his dads and his large extended family watching a movie at the Avengers compounds, Peter tucked in between his parents, all of them smiling, Peter fell asleep looking at the image of his family, the homesick feeling starting to sink in.
Thor inspect the room around him, “I’m currently in Asgard using Heimdall and the Asgardian Widow society’s teachings of time to find you, we had to make sure you were alright after… I apologise nephew, you would not be in this situation if I had taken the weapon back to Asgard immediately. I hope one day you can forgive me for my mistakes.”
stepped forward, raising his arm he used it to pull Peter in gently behind him. Peter could only move with his
“Two minutes.” Tony gave a terse smile. “How do I look?” Steve turned on his hips, posing with the Shield. “Strange to see you back in the avenger suit. I thought you preferred the stealth suit?” Steve agreed, “I do, but it’s my most advanced suit and if Shield aren’t going to co-operate then I don’t want them getting a peak ahead. It's too tempting for them.” The avengers bounded down the stairs as one large group, “Come on, let’s get our boy Peter back home, shall we?” Tony rolled his eyes at Sam’s statement, “Yes, Let us get my young Nephew back from the loneliest world he’s been stuck in.” Everyone just stopped for a moment, Tony slapped a hand on Thor’s shoulder, gripping it tightly, it would have cause great pain if it wasn’t the shoulder of a God, “You always have a way with words. Thor.”
“He never said anything about me, in the future, if it wasn’t for the blood work, I’d have kicked him out the day I met him! I could just make a decision today, right now! I’m not having kids! Ever! And would Peter just disappear! Just like that!” Tony snapped his fingers. Natasha wanted to snap his neck, she sprinted forwarded, pinning Tony to Howard’s desk.
Tony shrugged his shoulders and motioned for Peter to get started with one of the boxes. Peter slid down off the couch to sit on the carpeted floor leaning against his Pop’s leg. He reached over to grab one of the dustier looking boxes with the assumption that it looked the oldest. As he removed the lid he saw literally hundreds of photos stacked on top of each other. The first however, was a large collection of photos stapled together with frayed edges that were stamped with a red confidential in the corner. The photos were of his Pop when he first woke up out of the ice, frost still on the tips of his hair. He felt his Pops shiver subconsciously. Peter placed the collection down to the side and grabbed the next one, a student card for his Pops from the Massachusetts College of Art and Design. Peter studied the photo, a younger Steve, the super solider serum limiting the effects of his aging, he had less laughter lines by his eye but the same hair style, that seems to be a constant of his Pops. Tony let out a laugh as he took the card from Peter. Where he handed it to his Dad sending a quizzical look to his Pops, who shook his head.
Steve proceeded to glared down at his husband. “Nothing wrong with the classics, but Pete remember have a glass of milk or they’ll break your teeth.”
month, technology was against him, desperate to just leave the modern world for just a little while. After the one week excursion to the middle of the forests two things were made clear; one, Tony could never go without technology, even for just three days and two, Steve loved it and almost begged Tony to stay with him permanently. And while it had changed from his personal haven to one he shared just with his son, Steve felt relieved that it was a familiar path that would lead him to his son.
“My Tony, doesn’t quite agree with the beard but I think i’ll leave the decision up to Peter.” Steve rubbed his hand through the beard and up from his neck. “Peter is an amazing kid Steve. He’s been quite a force to be reckoned with during his time here.” Steve small smile left his face, “Unfortunately, he’s been here longer than we’d like. Not a lot of support for him here.” Peggy nodded, guilt eating away at her composure, “I’m so sorry Steve, we should have kept him here, we shouldn’t have let him out of this place, then he might not have run away and we’d have noticed-” Steve shook his head, cutting her off he pulled Peggy in for a tight hug, his arms fully engulfing the smaller women.
Jarvis watched, sadden by the sight, missing the sight of Tony shovelling food in his mouth, taking excitingly about his day, a chill passed through his bones, the thought that he might never see that young boy again. Tony finished half of the plate. Ana rubbed his back gently. Tony let the tears run down his face, quietly. The house phone rang. Jarvis quickly got up to answer it before Tony could move. “Stark Estate, Jarvis speaking, who is calling?” Jarvis stood quietly listening. “Ma’am I will pass on your message promptly… what do you mean outside. This is private property.” All three turned their attention to the knock from the front doors. Tony look towards Jarvis who was still fiddling with the phone. Tony made a guess as to who it was. If It was the shooter then it wasn’t the worst mistake to make.
“The one to create all this, then I am ecstatic that it’s me but also, you … you speak so well of me and your other dad whoever they may be. Enough for me to believe that we raise you, together.” Tony coughed awkwardly, “That we are a family and you look up to future me and your other dad, I don’t have that with Howard or my mom, I have a butler, who has taken on my trouble maker attitude to do far more than he should ever do…”Tony stood up and walked over to the window, looking over the dark campus of M.I.T. Peter wanted to interrupt him, but he knew his dad had more to say, he always does.
Back again! Sorry this took a bit longer than initially planned but I'm glad you are all enjoying the story so far! See you in the next chapter! x
Hey all you lovelies! Just a wee note to say thank you for all your continued support of my first story on the Archive, thank you very much for all your comment, kudos and hits, it means a lot to me!
Barton had read Steve’s file. He knew the procedure if the serum’s healing kicked in. Steve nodded, a cold sweat dropping down his face. “Ok, give me a sec.” Barton looked down to his combat trousers and reached to pulled out his knife. He extended the knife and looked up to Steve, whose eyelids where drooping to slightly cover his eyes, exhaustion and sweat, clear on his face. Steve gave a week nod of approval to start. Barton used one hand to grip Steve’s thigh and the other to carefully open up the wound. Steve screwed his eyes up in pain, looking up to the ceiling.
“Agent Barton, I need to keep an eye on the Peter boy and let me know of anything that happens around him, Level 9 priority.” Barton gave a slight raise of an eyebrow at the mention of a level 9 issue. “Yes Director.”
He hummed as he inspected the blueprints and code. “Thing of beauty Tony. It's like you speak the language of machines. Perfect. I’ll take a copy to my next meeting. They’ll love it.” Obadiah nodded, satisfied with himself. Tony titled his head, keeping his lips tight, watching Obi closely. “Well, make sure it’s on my jet first before you blast it off to the front line.” Tony laughed but kept an eye on Obadiah’s reaction. Obi smirked, taking in a breath, he stood up to button his suit again. “Thank you Tony. You don’t need to work about that, just keep laying these golden eggs and everything will take care of itself!” As Obadiah opened the double doors he looked over his shoulder to give a lazy wave goodbye. “That could sound like a threat!” Tony stared up at Obadiah with a smile. Obadiah just laughed, “Bye Tony.”
“Honestly, Tony I shouldn’t have let you go to college so young, you still dress like a teenager.” She teased him by tickling his sides gently, Tony laughed and tried to grab his mother’s hand to stop her. “Tony.” Tony stood still, he looked past his mother to see his father, his hands on his hips, judging his interaction with his Mother. Mrs Stark made her way over to greet Ana, when she spotted Peter. She stopped in her tracks, her confusion and shock showing clear on her face. “You’re the Peter Jarvis told me about?” Peter nodded, giving a small smile to her. She stepped forward to get a closer look at Peter, she was caught off guard by just how similar he was to Tony, it was his eyes, it was the sheer energy behind them, the shone, brimming with ideas and life. Peter held out his hand to shake hers, she took his gently to shake his. She turned to walk further down the hall, clearly lost in thought.
It made the pair look timeless, a photo that would have had Steve stripped of his titles if it had been taking in the 1940s. The Captain and his
Tony shook his head with a mutter of ‘sorry’. Lost in his own world. Tony didn’t seem all to focused when he asked, “Who is Steve Rogers to you?” Tony’s eyes were focused on a spot on the work bench, his mind racing behind them. Peter hesitated ever so slightly. “He’s a good man, he taught me a lot.” That seems to have satisfied Tony for now, he smiled gently to himself. “Peter, why do you think I haven’t heard from Steve?” Tony lifted his head, starring directly into Peter’s eyes. “I honestly don’t know, this assassin guy is pretty tough, maybe he’s just putting a lot of effort in to it? After all his best friend was shot at!” Peter nudged Tony’s leg at the best friend part. Tony smiled.
A job in a coffee shop. Not quite what he thought but it would do. Tony works fast when he wants too. There a dude named Scott, really not that enthusiastic to be there but he’s fine. Peter like the little old lady that owns the student café, Margaret, she pays him pretty good once he remembered to take off like 20 years of inflation. Tony nearly had a heart attack when he realised how much Peter thought he should be getting paid. She gives him a cookie any time he was on a break.
“Ok.” Steve raised his eyebrow,’ah’ Steve thought to himself, Tony warned him about this. “…You don’t believe me, do you?”
This is a Tony aged like fine wine, a few scars hidden in his face, hidden behind a goatee and a blazing smile. This Tony grew up, dazzling him in a three piece suit, a Tony who fell in love with
“You..” Steve stared off past Tony’s shoulder, connecting with Peter, who raised his eyebrows, gesturing wildly at the staircase with his arms and hands stretched out, repeated thrusting them in the general direction. “I gotta go,” Steve ran past Tony’s shoulder, he stopped just with his first foot on the step, “You aren’t leaving yet are you?” Tony turned to look to
Steve could hear Barton on the phone to Director Stark, informing him of the mission, Steve knew Howard was going to want to speak to him when he got back to base. He decided to avoid that for as long as possible, he used his hands to gesture to Barton that he was going to the ambulance crew. Barton nodded back, informing Director Stark that Steve wouldn’t be with him immediately. Natasha followed closely behind Steve and even helped him up into the ambulance. She sat down on the bench next to the gurney.
“Howard wasn’t exactly my friend but during the great war, anyone on your side was your friend, Howard managed to skip the front line by providing the power and the machinery to make the serum take hold.” Steve continued to twirl his fork, round and round. Natasha began to slow down, eating her dinner in large but slow bites, watching Steve carefully.  “We would share a drink after a mission, he would be inventing for the war front usually. We’d chat about it, but I learned very little about him, he liked the idea of ‘Captain America’ but he was always obsessed with making new soldiers, he thought he was smart enough to make more without Erskine.”
Peter woke up, the clock in front of the square box TV stating that the time was 14:35. He sat up and rolled his neck and arm joints from sleeping on the old couch. Peter found himself relieved that he had landed in the 90’s rather than 1890’s but he still had no idea how to return home. He’d hope it was a dream, but the sensation of the liquid striking his face had felt all too powerful to have left him in a dream. He sat up and inspected the note that Tony had stuck to his forehead.
The flash of a gun fire lit the hallway as the bullet whizzed towards them, Steve moved himself as quickly as possible to be in front of Tony and Peter dodged the bullet using his speed. Peter took a rapid breath before he watched the shooter dive into his room and heard the window smash, he turned to check on his parents.
“Uh. Tony’s not here right now.” Peter timidly responded, “He’s out right now, can I take a message?” Tony smacked his palm to his face, shaking his head.
Steve was determined in that moment that if he made it through those injuries alive, he was going to give every spare minute of time to his family. Peter could barely go the next month or so without seeing the image of his Pop’s convulsing on the table, Steve had asked his husband if they could go away as a family, to clear the air with their son. Tony’s bright idea, which involved him not going technology free for a week, was to let Steve take Peter alone, the first trip had been hard. Peter had barely made eye contact with his Pop’s the entire journey down to the cabin and had practically hid in his room until he couldn’t have his afternoon nap due the rumbling in his stomach. Peaking his head round the door into the hallway, Peter spotted his Pop’s reading in the rocking chair, curiosity got the better of him, grabbing his story book, Peter cautiously made his way down the hallway, bathing in the evening suns glow Steve sat in the wooden rocking chair.
“Thor!” Peter called out. Thor? As in… the God of Thunder, god someone nailed their sons name when he was born, he truly looked like a god, Tony thought to himself, Tall blonde and handsome, just his type.
Before Jarvis could stop Tony reaching the door, he’d swung it open. He guessed right. Romanoff stood with a bewildered look on her face. “Holy shit you’re actually alive.” She pushed a lock of her hair out of the way of her face, Tony then realised that it was quite windy outside the mansion today. He gestured for her to follow him inside, taking her through towards Howard’s office. He called out to the kitchen as he walked by. “We will be a while Jarvis. Just clear my plate.” Opening the double doors to the office, he walked in with them, Natasha followed, her eyes wandering around the room as she made her way over to lean on the oak wooden desk. Tony slammed the doors behind him.
I'm back! Thank you for waiting so long, I was in for minor planned surgery and all went well so it was time to release this chapter!
A clear and delighted “Yes Ma’am.” called through the house. Tony smiled shuffling along to sit at the foot of his mother’s chair, she reached down and ran her hands through his thick hair, he leaned back to smile up at her, relaxed and content was not a look that was well known on Tony Stark’s face.
The slightly wrinkling around his eyes showed that his youthful years were long gone, the crease in his forehead wrinkle more pronounced, maybe even years of stress showing their tole but even Natasha had to admit. This Steve Rogers was hot. She corrected herself while crossing her arms with a content smile. Steve Stark.
Peggy reached the make shift lab/ office as the same time as her godson, Anthony closely followed by Jarvis, Anthony stood in his grey suit trousers and a white top, taking a quick swig of his hipflask, she could smell the vodka before she could even see him. Dark bags rested clear under Anthony’s eyes. He didn’t speak to her, that hurt Peggy the most. Jarvis squeezed past Anthony to open the doors for the pair to step in. Just in time too, the wind was picking up, the purple form was staring to take hold. Please don’t faint Jarvis.
Steve Roger knows he’s out of his own time, he’s struggled to understand some changes that have happened to society in the past 50 years, he’s only been awake a year and half but when he woke up from the ice, he never lost his brains. Compared to his best friend, yeah, he couldn’t compare, but he’s much smarter than the average person, he has a good eye for details, facts and problem solving. So, having the future son of Tony Stark in his arms was a bit of a shock but he could now tell a lot about the boy. He took after T’s looks, he’s intelligence but his lifestyle was slightly different than his father’s, the moral compass, his compassion, some hesitation and not that Tony wasn’t compassionate, he just never shows it.
As the car pulled off and out of the drive way, Peter excused himself to go for nap, he needed to clear his head for what was about to come.
“Rodger that T, out front in 20.” Steve mock saluted to Tony with a cheeky smile. Steve turned back to look at Peter. “I will do all I can to help you get home Peter, a lot of people will be waiting for you when you get there, including me, ok?” he held out his hand for him to shake. Peter reached out equally until he jumped forward into Steve’s body, tight in a hug. Steve hadn’t expected it, the sheer force behinds Peter’s weight, it was strong, so strong Steve needed the strength to hold him in his arms, gosh, this kid was something, what if he was the kid’s parent….? Does the serum even pass on genetically? No, he couldn’t let his mind wander that would mean that –      that he married Tony? That they cared about each other. But the other man was there, he looked more Tony’s type.
The portal began shrinking at a rapid rate, Peter’s last image of home was of his Pop’s voice calling out, “Peter!?” as he and the rest of their team slid around the corner into view, they attempted to make it to the crack in time to see them. The crack sealed with and electrical fizz. The room stood silent, the only noise generating from the printers, spooling out data on the anomaly.
An amazed smile appeared on Tony’s face. “Wicked! So not genetics but mutation, interesting, has your stamina increased, metabolism, regenerative cells, kid you’ve got to let me test you blood!”
Tony had thrown on his Santa hat as he galloped down the stairs, a cheeky smile on his face, he roughly pulled down a Santa hat on to Peter’s head, over taking Peter down the stairs he slid on his feet round the corner, gesturing to the front living room, Peter made his way down the stairs, hearing Tony cause chaos in the kitchen with his demands of Santa hats.
Well he was coming to term with that fact of life, it just didn’t make sense, what would change, he wanted to make that decision, not fate. Until then… he just wanted one of his limited friends back. Steve had … abandoned him, Steve was god knows where in the world, ignoring him,
Peggy hummed, “Thank you for letting me know, I’ll be sure to let Coulson and his team know that he should move his base now. How are you and Peter? Did Steve stop by last night?” Tony frowned, “Steve’s back?” Peggy coughed slightly, sensing the awkward tone of the conversation ahead, “I thought he would have gotten in touch, he’s investigating a tip off of the shooter in New York city.” Tony leaned his head back against the head rest, closing his eyes, “No, he hasn’t got in touch, Its fine Aunt Peggy, he’s busy, I’m just going to go to sleep for the drive Aunt Peggy I’ll see you Christmas eve. Bye. “Before Peggy could response Tony hung up the phone. He turned on his shoulder to rest slightly straight out. He’d only get a couple hours of restless sleep before arriving at the mansion.
Peter quickly got changed into the clothes he was wearing when he arrived in 1991, they still smelled a bit like home, or at least the laundry detergent that Pops has always said was the best. Shield knew. He better be prepared, squashing the suit down into the wrist band and whispering to Karen, “This might not end well Karen, be ready with house party protocol.” Peter walked out into the hallway to see his Pops in a new Captains’ uniform that Aunt Peggy must have brought him, his shield stuck to his back, his hands gripping the front of his belt tightly, Peter could see the buckle straining under his grip. Tony however, was talking enthusiastically to Peggy. He didn’t even stop as they were escorted down the stairs by Peggy, her guards and Pops following from behind, he was eyeing Peter was a determined look.
Tony and Jarvis were silent as they made their way back into the kitchen area, the pair kicked their walking boots free of the mud and frost at the floor brush just outside the door. The pair shared a very private but honest moment, Tony’s smile of respect and Jarvis’ of pride. The pair walked in and Jarvis couldn’t help but stare at Peter, watching him interact with his with Ana, laughing at their mess and silly jokes. He let a couple of tears loose from his eyes. Tony wrapped his arms and upper body over Peter’s shoulders laughing at each other with ease.
Steve felt faint, he hadn’t felt faint since before the serum, his head was spinning, Tony had a son. Peter was Tony’s son. Peter J. Stark. Huh. He didn’t remotely know how to react as Tony watch Steve stare off into the distance, beyond the anomaly. When he broke his stare, he turned directly to Peter, who was staring into the heart of the sparking orb, flinching anytime a spark would make contact with anything in the immediate area as it made a loud pop noise. He could see it clearly now, the uncanny was actually pure genetics. The hair, the nose, the height everything but the eyes were his … best friend Tony Stark.
Peter…Stark, wrapped in his chest, a poor kid clutching a glove and a wrench in one hand, he guessed symbols of his parents. The Wrench is Tony’s, besides the obvious engraving on the handle of, ‘Tony S. R’s stuff don’t touch,’ It could only be his, Steve’s birthday present to Tony last year was a full workshop set, the metal shelves painted custom hot rod red. The wrench in Peter’s hand was the same brand. Peter’s eyes were closed, his head leaning into Steve’s chest, his arms and legs curled up so that he was wholly in Steve’s arms and held him to his body.
The shield security team filtered in behind him to stand next to Peggy. She kept herself busy, smoothing out her skirt, touching up her hair and adjusting her jacket cuffs. “You heard the man, let’s go. Get the helicopter ready to depart.” Two of the guards scattered ahead, marching along, throwing open the doors at the end of the hallway. Peggy held her breath, she’d taken the first step, but she could only hope that he would truly forgive her. That they both would forgive her.
Tony received the last kiss on the cheek from his mother as she made her way towards Jarvis who was standing in the hallway. Peter watched Tony, as he barely looked his father in the eye. Peter walked quickly over to Tony, who was leaning on the wall. “Please, say something to him,” Tony turned his head towards Peter with clenched eyes. “Please, I haven’t seen my parents in months, you never want the last things you say to be nothing.” Peter was trying to keep his heart rate under control.
The Shield Agents grabbed the duffle bags. Tony and Peter followed. Down the stairs and out to the black SUV. Peter climbed in first, Tony jumped in second, he was fiddling with something in his hand while he watched Peter play with the watch between his fingers, lost in thought. Tony took out a small note pad and began to solve the mysteries surrounding time travel.
Steve looked down and matched Peter’s hesitant but gentle smile, “definitely churros T, want to get the car and we will meet you out front?” Tony looked over the railing down to Steve, he was sweating, his hair matted to his forehead, Tony had frozen, but Steve ran straight after Peter, he was so good with him, Tony was glad that Steve was back. He needed him now, more than ever. “Ok, Steve, 10 minutes max, front door. Ok?”
“Anthony, stop all this, you’re not thinking straight, this was Howard’s world but don’t throw yourself into his ways. I’m worried about you, you are still in danger, you know there will be a huge price tag on your head after all this. I just want you to be safe.” Tony turned and threw the whisky glass against the far wall, watching it shattered and drop to the floor. “There has always been a price tag on my head, might as well give them a clear shot.” She might have guessed but Tony knew he was lying. He’s been searching, for months he’s had a small team of investigators looking. They’ve found nothing.
“Ma’am, Pierce has given out a kill order on the boy, apparently he has agents loyal to his deep devision unit. We can’t call them off, they’ve gone dark.” Peggy stood speechless, her mouth tried to form words, apologies, an order or just something to help. Steve stood back, nodding at the pair, “I’ll beat them to him, Phil can you prepare me any data you have on Peter. They won’t be dark for long.” And just like that Steve leapt over the edge of the railing, dropping down seven floors before landing in the knee bent superhero pose but jumping up to his feet and jogging off towards the hanger. The tiled stone floor, splintered and fractured from the point of impact.
He could see Peter’s eyes twitching at the slightest whisper of a sound, the birds miles away or just Natasha’s footsteps, his eyes whipped around the room, on edge for any threat. His son was as nervous as he was when he joined the army. The fear of a bomber flying over head as you sleep, stray bullet fire over the top of your tent on missions.
The room was spacious a bonus for this modern era, but costly, heating the apartment with gas in the 40’s was a costly business and one Steve’s mom couldn’t always afford. Now the room had a large comfortable bed placed in the middle of the wall, bought by Tony, directly under the large window that ran the length of the wall. With rewiring, fresh plasterboard and paint the room became liveable and actually quite nice in Steve’s opinion. The wall the bed lay against was a deep navy colour, the other 3 a light grey. Some of his father’s drawing were framed and place around the room, on top of the dresser, hung on the wall and sitting on the bedside table, it was a nice touch from Tony.
“ok my turn, What’s up with this flat, not to be like rude or ungrateful but this doesn’t scream, Stark Industries wealth?...” Peter ran a finger along the window sill, a small layer of dust coming with him.
Tony stepped into the room, closing the door gently behind him. Peter’s room lay untouched since the day he left.
Tony gave an uninterest shrug. “I don’t give a fuck about seeing Howard, yeah, I’d like to see my mom, make sure she’s ok but I really want you to meet Jarvis and if you’ll let me, tell him who you are?” Tony’s confidence gradually left his body, he seemed nervous to ask Peter to come home with him. “Really?!” Peter grinned ear to ear, his Dad always spoke well of one Edwin Jarvis and his wife, he always said that they practically raised him, apparently, he’d passed away when Peter was younger, well taken care of by the Maria Stark Foundation in his later life, his parents visited him twice a week, Peter was too young to really remember.
A family photo, the Shield file had tried to match as may names to faces as it could. What caught her off guard was her own name appearing as a possible relative. Shield had been extra lenient with her capture this time around, was this the reason? She was considered a member of the kids’ family? That was news to her, she wasn’t ever going to settle and stay in one place, but this photo showed otherwise. She was at this kids’ birthday party or something. All of them older but not unrecognisable. She had to see this play out, she actually looked relaxed in the photo. She liked the idea of not looking over her shoulder every night. The kid’s physical abilities were listed below, highlight in red to mark enhanced, all of them the same as Steve’s. His intelligence marked as the same as Tony’s. He was stamped already as a dangerous person. I’m sure future Steve ‘loved’ that.
“Yeah, a day off from the office. It’s rare so I’m making the most of it.” Peggy bowed her head. She looked up to Tony. “Anthony, the blame for that falls to me, and why I’m here rather late tonight, I would like to take the time to talk to you and apologise, properly this time.”
s away one day and you can’t even manage to eat and clip a couple of items to your clothes, that you designed.” Tony let out a sarcastic ‘Ha’. Where as Clint gave a low chuckle, “Sam, you may be newish here but what you need to understand is that
Tony stood on a chair balancing as he was trying reach for some pasta at the back of the top cupboard, usually when Steve was here he could reach it but with both him and now son … vertically challenged, a chair would have to do. The phone rang as Tony was rummaging through the cupboards.
“Don’t tell your Pops but he’s a sentimental icicle and he always kept two photos on his person at all times, one of all of us on your 3
temporary desk, that had been set up so that he could help Tony with his work, a great support once they’d found out what had happened to Peter, while
The group had made their way out to the trail access road. Walking in a row, they kept a steady pace. The spring sun high in the sky but the cool forest breeze kept them going. Natasha stopped abruptly, too quickly that Peter walked into her. She whispered, “Steve?” He stopped, looking off down the road, squinting his eyes to focus. They shot out as a pick up truck barrelled over the edge of the hill. Steve immediately dropped the bag to ground, pulling the shield off his back he moved to stand in front of Peter. Natasha prepared herself, fists at the ready.
She stops just short of the top of the nearby hill they’ve been walking up, Peter could spot a bench sat just before the peak, “I put this here after my father died, he loved to watch the morning sun rise and watch the birds, I know we’ve missed the sunrise, but do you mind if we sit with the birds? Just for a little while?” Peter smiled back, releasing the tensions for his shoulders, he nodded enthusiastically.
Well, he tried not to let it show. “Cap, I know it could be a touchy subject and all but- “Steve turned towards Clint, “but you’re still going to ask.” Clint shrugged his shoulders at Steve, under his blanket cocoon. “-yeah, you knew Director Stark back when this whole thing started, was he always like this? Like did you not spend Christmas with them last year, what was that like?” Steve tried to relax his posture, trying not to let the question show the strain on his face. The fabric of the suit constricted round his back as he let his spin drop slightly. He rolled his tongue round the side of his cheek. He let out an exaggerated breath, letting his cheeks puff out. Stabbing his fork down into the noodles, twirling them round his fork.
quickly picked up pace with Peter towards Tony, as the family collided into one large hug. “Dad!? Dad it’s you, it’s really you?!” Peter cried out hysterically in his Dad’s arms, Tony wrapped his arms firmed round the back of peter’s head and shoulders, pulling him into his chest.
Steve could hear Clint’s whistling from down the hallway. Skidding round the corner Steve pressed his ear agains the metal door, “Alright, Alright, how about bout a riddle? No? Ok what about a joke?” Steve rolled his eyes and took two steps back from the door. He whistles loud and clear. “Any time you like Captain!” Steve raised the shield up and ran, he shoulder barged the door open again. It flew into the Shield guard, throwing him across the space, the man hit his head off the top of the metal table. Clint whipped his head back round to Steve. “Thank god you showed up when you did, I was running out of jokes!” Steve marched forward, pulling the chains off of Clint’s arms and legs.
Steve threw his entire body back on to the bed and stretched out and closed his eyes in a relaxed position, taking a moment for himself, Peter dropped the finished pillows at the top of the bed, “Been a while since you slept in a bed?” Steve hummed, eyes still closed with his arms crossed over his chest. “Caves, rocks and shield issued sleeping bags are no substitute for Tony’s fancy feather pillows.” Steve slowly raised up and began to rip off parts of the suit into its different panels. Peter made his way to the bed room door.
“Peter’s back?” He tightened his grip on Tony’s hand. “Right well, time to go apologise.” Steve frowned at Tony, “Apologise?”
Steve walked towards the window, he signalled to Barton. “Room clear. Get over here Barton.” Natasha walked in and pulled down the blinds. “He was here, recently. The sink still has water drops in it.” Steve walked over towards the bathroom again, “Possible injury?” Gesturing towards the sink, Barton walked in and past Steve. He pulled a test tube kit with a cotton bud in it, out of his soaking wet rain coat. “I’m gonna guess this was a victim and not his.”
It had been 11 hours since Peter and his Dad had entered the workshop and they were no closer to dismantling the gauntlet. It didn’t even have a scratch from the hammer that his Pops had hit it with, after Dad had demanded he use his muscles for some good! His Pop’s finally put his foot down or actually just picked up his family to force them to dinner. Peter over his shoulder with his Dad dragged by his arms. Pizza takeaway for dinner on the couch. Perfect day in Peter’s opinion. His Pop had his arm wrapped around his Dad, who was asleep at his side. Peter wished his parent’s goodnight and wandered along to his bedroom. Ditching his trainers as he walked in Peter pulled open the 3
“Did I say adult, I meant my precious baby boy. Who should start getting his stuff together again we are heading home and going do some repairs to the lab.” Peggy started to laugh at Tony backtrack. “Peter, better run upstairs and do what your father tells you, you can come back to the mansion anytime you like, even to get away from your extremely loud fathers.” Pops turned a deep shade of pink as Peter grabbed an apple and walked out of the kitchen through the East hallway through to the main stairs. He could still hear his parents apologizing to Aunt Peggy as he walked in to the room he had stayed in and opened up the white wicker cupboard door. His Dad still had a small fortunes worth of clothes In this cupboard but far from his usual suits. Peter decided to rummage through and see if he could grab any “vintage” style tees from his Dad’s collection. Post-It notes still stuck to the back of the double doors gave Peter a view into his Dad’s last days in the mansion, blueprints of the Malibu mansion expansion plans with red marker alterations from before his Dad moved out there and a drawing, that had clearly been done by his Pops of his Dad reading a book of some kind. The paper was worn at the edges seemed a spur of the moment type thing rather than on proper sketching paper. Peter stole one of his Dad’s old duffle bags and shoved a bunch of tees in the bag along with one of Pop’s old sports jerseys with his name on it.
Steve turned back to Natasha who was watch his reaction. “I don’t know what to do…” Natasha turned back to Clint, “We have to get the kid home at the very least, Shield could help him, we’re not going to let him go now, he does need to serve justice for the crimes he has committed.” Steve bowed his head. It would do for now. He felt a solid hand rest on his shoulder. It was  '
“Aunt Peggy, please don’t!” Tony turned to a stunned looking Peter for ideas, “If you take him, I’m coming too, to keep him company.” Aunt Peggy once again raised a knowing eyebrow. Ah she knew Tony knew, she was judging his reaction. Steve to a slightly more aggressive face towards Tony’s decision. “alright then my godson and …friend, quickly go get dressed and I’ll wait for you down stairs!” She said pleasantly to Tony with a small pat on the shoulder, but Director Carter turned to Steve, “Same goes for you too Captain Rogers. Down stairs in 10.” Peggy and her soldiers turned around and walked down the stairs.
“Please, get me home, I want my dad’s back, I want my home, you’re not …” Peter chocked back his tears, “You’re not you …yet, I need to go home.” Peter looked up the stairs again, “How do I do this? I might never go home, how… how did you cope with it? Never knowing if you were going to wake up?!” Peter fell back against the wall, not dropping to the floor but leaning and hiding in the shadows.
When Tony had finally calmed down, he walked back over to the kitchen and began to prepare an old family recipe for Italian pasta. Well, the Jarvis family recipe but Tony was allowed to know it. Peter just stood and watched Tony’s expressionless face as he chopped large tomatoes. Tony didn’t look up at Peter but he could see the gleam of tears in his Dad’s eyes, held back behind the Stark bravado.
“Are you worried?” Clint watched as Steve’s face tightened all the muscles around his jaw. Clint turned his attention towards the main road again, it was quiet, six o’clock in the morning on a city by-pass, they’d passed by another driver every once in a while. The trees where now the main view out the window, the mountains would peak through in a break with a forest trail that faded off into the distance.
Tony, reached over to grab his jacket from behind Clint, throwing his arms over his head to swing the matching suit jacket on, “Friday, call me the mark forty-three suit. I want this as compact as possible.” Tony walked forward to lean over the back of Natasha bench, to steal a bite or two of her forgotten peanut butter sandwich. Chewing it loudly Tony, balanced it between his teeth as his
Peter placed the broom back in the cupboard and reach into the old wooden bread box, “toasties please, I need to get going, I said to Ned that I would get to school early to discuss our tech class project.”
“He’s my best friend too.” And that was all it took for his Pops and Steve to collide in a hug. If it wasn’t for his enhanced hearing, he’d have missed Steve’s whisper, “he was mine first” his Pops just laughed.
“So, this whole spider thing, is like your ‘thing?’ Just like the ‘Captain America’ persona?” Tony was sat on the couch in the living room, after Peter explained the suit to him, Tony just needed a moment, the future was weird and sounded dangerous especially for his kid.
The truck shook violently as it bumped over a pot hole in the road. He flicked his gaze into the back of the truck. Peter and his father were chatting quietly between themselves. Steve could hear them even through the wind blowing in his face in the back of the truck.
Tony was beginning to get a little concerned that Steve hadn’t started writing again, lifting his head, he titled round to look up at Steve. Steve was lost in thought before he turned to look at Tony. Tony was confused, Steve couldn’t stop grinning at him, his mouth would flex between elated joy and embarrassment and a blush? Tony gestured his head back towards the paper, raising an eyebrow. Steve broke out of his glazed expression to finish his letter, signing his name. Handing it over to Tony for him to read.
Shield Security opened up the front door for Peter, they lead the trio down the stairs of the apartment and into the back of the black SUV, Peter was mildly surprised to find the Nick Fury already sitting in the back with Agent Coulson, the trio buckled up in the back of the SUV, Tony sat in the middle of Steve and Peter, Steve shook hands with both Fury and Coulson, “Nick, Phil, good to see you again, sorry it’s under these circumstances.” The agents nodded in response. “Time to fill you in Rogers, Slight detour from the triskelion, last night a spark of electricity began to form and sustain energy at floor level in the Shield research labs in the west wing or Howard’s offsite compound. We are driving there now to see if the kid recognises the energy. Peter swallowed a dry gulp, this could be it, he could be heading home.
Stane made a non-committal hum, he sounded distracted, Tony could hear multiple female and male voices in the background. “Tony, come on! You don’t need to worry about that anymore! Look you’ll be my assistant CEO in the company, take some of your father’s shares and you won’t ever need to worry again about anything!” Tony thumped his hand back down on the desk, “You want better weapons? I need to have access to the development and academic community, So I’m finishing my PHD. I’ll do that and you can enjoy your strip club lunch. Fair?” Obadiah just laughed. “You got me there Tony. Designs. My desk. tomorrow.” The phone clicked as it was hung up. Tony placed the phone slowly back on its holder, he took a moment to breathe. He moved round the grab the glass decanter filled with an expensive whisky. Nothing but the best for Howard Stark.
“Ok, thank you, Peter. That’s very kind of you.” Peter nodded and smiled, “Do you want a hand with the bed sheets, we just got here this morning so not much is ready. Also, do you need some painkillers?”
“Dude I understand this is big news, but surely you’re happy? Excited? Elated? You’re Peter’s Father! He’s your kid!” Clint tilted his head in confusion at Steve’s tears. Steve whistled again. “Clint. Peter died. My adoptive son, is dead.” Clint’s mouth formed a small ‘o’. “Steve … I’m so sorry… I didn’t think about it, like that…” Steve stopped crying, he looks out into the space at the front of the tent, silently pushing the photo back into the glove. He’d think more on this later. Steve used the tips of his fingers to push himself back up into a crouching position, he turned to look at Clint, who had silently reached for his bow. Steve heard the crunch of a branch just outside the west side of the tent. He wasn’t stupid, they’re outnumbered, he let out a whistle, relaxing his mind, trying to hear further out. Eight maybe nine soldiers, armed. Steve looked over his shoulder to Clint, his eyebrow arched in return. “Huh. Guess we aren’t alone.”
