Tony knew that Steve
“No, it isn’t, because we’re missing the best part,” Bucky corrected, deliberately swallowing his grin.
But, just knowing what it
He didn’t even know if he’d stayed conscious. For a few timeless moments, the world was just shadows and stars. There weren’t even any physical forces acting on Steve’s body anymore. He was just floating, suspended on this rich, thick sensation, his muscles weak and trembling, every inch of his skin tingling…
And Maribelle actually looked at him as though it was a stupid question.
didn’t think so… He
And then he felt Steve’s fingers push inside him – and he forgot
Which he immediately felt guilty for-
“He has just this moment walked into the lobby, as a matter of fact, sir,” JARVIS confirmed.
But… Janine seemed satisfied with it…
And then there was the raft of meetings with the UN - obviously, he
to kill this man-
“They’re just a general space where people can relax, and enjoy themselves” She carried on, her voice polite and entirely unaffected. And it wasn’t so much that Tony was lost for words – there were an awful lot of very strong words in his head right now, actually. But he wasn’t allowed to say any of them, because he was
apology for everything, the first time around.
…And, actually, if he was going to be in the house for another five minutes, he might as well set up an additional contingency-
himself snap back,
“No” Tony remembered, suddenly. “No, uh, we’re supposed to stay here… we’re… I think we’re supposed to be downstairs…”
It wasn’t until it was over – all too soon – that Steve realised just how unusual that was. How
Like him.
Even if it
it was natural even though it might be messy or confusing or intersect with societal expectations sometimes…
“I want you to” Steve purred, rolling his hips into Tony as he shifted to lie over the top of him. And Tony carried on babbling swear words and endearments and promises and pleas, as his wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist and grabbed mindlessly at his back-
Just that thought,
“The clothes they’ve given us,” Nat replied. A cold feeling of dread rose up in Tony’s chest as he realised…
And then he put a finger to Steve’s lips, and told him,
It was just this moment, this immediate feeling, this wonderful, innate understanding.
Completely sure, for the first time in his life, that it would’ve been the right thing to do…
“I love you,” Tony grinned, kissing him again.
And then it might occur to him that if he didn’t drink again, he’d never run out, and then never have an excuse to call Steve again… which might lead to a stab of guilt for being manipulative, or a frisson of confusion as he wondered whether he could call Steve again anyway, or wave of embarrassment at the idea of being considered… a glutton, or a user, or something…
“And, you know…what my line is, anyway” Tony added awkwardly. Steve nodded, shyly. “And, obviously, we don’t know how things might change when we get up there… But, so far, they seem pretty keen not to push people past any limits, so I think the best plan is to just
Those sorts of scary thoughts.
And, worse still, he was maybe starting to feel a stirring of genuine hope…
should do. Right now, about Tony…
Oh, God, he
, he just felt it.
But, just as Tony was about to completely commit to the comfort of that assertion, he glanced up at the workshop again.
“Okay, well, there don’t seem to be that
Walking alongside Rhodey at the therapy centre, feeling the grip on his wrist suddenly tighten as Rhodey stumbled. Dev, standing behind them in a white coat, explaining –
Adam actually gave a little nod, instinctively. Obviously,
That he wasn’t here because of the familiar, aching frustration. That this desperate, searing need wasn’t just
horrors to discover about himself, even
“I want to be,” Tony answered, easily. “If that’s what you-”
uncover any hint that Hydra were running the whole operation?”
“Confused,” he replies. “And… Like I might be about to panic…”
He’d liked feeling sure of this plan – he’d liked how he felt, when he was succeeding in something that he knew was good.
Steve paused mid-mouthful, the mug still pressed to his lips, and wearily acknowledged that
“You’re beautiful,” Steve murmured mindlessly, one hand caressing over the curve of his waist. He let his fingertips tease under Tony’s waistband, delighting in the way he shivered. And then he slid his hand over Tony’s cock, glancing up so that he could watch Tony’s face as he stroked slowly over the length of him. Tony groaned low in his chest, parting his lips as he rocked his hips into Steve’s hand. A wave of friction rolled up along Steve’s back, as Tony ground into him-
The first time Bucky wakes up, he feels only a numb sort of confusion.
- still trapped in his Hulk form - if it weren’t for one of Tony’s unrelated star-gazing projects…
Steve forced a breath and threw his hands up in front of himself in a halting gesture.
about it now… just finding himself in the middle of something that appealed to him.
for two years – and you saw fit to tell
thought he was whispering. From the way Tony’s eyes suddenly widened, Steve had to assume that’d come out louder than he’d meant it to…
It occurred to him that it was probably just as well that he was never
like, what happened to his body when he was overcome with terror.
matter, they are a part of why I love you so much and why I’m so sure of you already - and it’s true that you’re a different person to the man I met in another timeline. I know I couldn’t explain those two things to anyone else, and maybe I’m just going to have to ask you to accept this… But I
“And, I don’t think there’s any point in either of us deciding we’re just not going to…or, promising ourselves…anything, because, obviously, these things can just…
And Steve lost patience with himself.
Trying to picture what a life with Tony could be like, trying to include everything he’d just found out and set aside everything he’d wrongly assumed.
Zan had told them to be at the party by nine – although, from what they could tell from her activity on the computers, she probably wouldn’t be able to slip away until at least ten.
Steve was taken by surprise, by just how much his heart swelled at that – it was just
He could
Steve was just so…
But, as it was, Steve just had this
bad. Worried and uncomfortable.
And walking over to them…
, about that idea...
, or that they had no plan for what they’d do if they
that-
A fragment of a memory roused from its slumber - Tony’s heavy sigh as he told the others how close they’d come to winning on Titan, the burden of his bitterness still dragging him down by the shoulders…
It was healing.
He’d killed the guy who might’ve-shot-at Tony with a single punch to the throat.
And everyone paused, and looked up, and then turned to look at him.
How sincerely and simply
“Because you’re really a lot alike, you and the father of chemical warfare,” Steve smiled, gesturing to the paper. “You both work for the Nazis. You both turned a quest for the good of humanity into a weapon of pure evil. The only difference is that Fritz Haber actually achieved something positive, before he died in disgrace.
, then why wouldn’t you just… think about it?”
They were things that Steve would just
Not reliving the searing pain of palladium breaking down in his chest, or the familiar panic of having someone he thought he knew -
If he’d already screwed something up…
He quite liked the idea of being
...This was hard for Steve, Tony knew it was.
to do this, Tony, we-”
. How he felt about it would have to come later.
“Adam and his company came here to collect samples, and run experiments, and they found that there might be the potential to create recreational drugs without the side effects – that’s it, that’s all.”
But then it melted into a knowing smile, and Tony looked away again.
annoyed that those standards always apply to you, and
He took a second, waiting for the room to settle back into the familiar. Feeling like that whole exchange had been very surreal… like he wasn’t completely confident it had really happened.
It was the first time he dared to ask himself what he meant by ‘a thing’. The first time Tony had allowed himself to actually try the word ‘relationship’ out for size, the first time he’d even
He let his hands slide down over Tony’s sides, his touch heating into a firm caress as he moved over the curve of Tony’s waist. Tony began to fidget more urgently, writhing back against Steve’s cock,
Surrendered and sensitive and focused entirely on Tony.
It was both of them.
And angry.
“Nonsense” Belle smiled “
he still had all this painful energy, Steve simply fell back into stance and started throwing punches again.
“Morning,” Steve mumbled back, fighting a smile that was mostly nervousness.
…He remembered the point he’d been making, when he said that
Steve wiped the water from his eyes before he turned to throw Tony a glare – which failed spectacularly, because Tony was grinning so proudly that it was impossible not to grin back.
that for Steve. That Steve deserved to find someone he could share his life with, someone he could buy a house with and go on vacation with and have kids with and grow old with. Someone he could marry in front of all of his friends, if he wanted to. Someone who could
But still, they both knew where they were with this.
But wanting someone to feel sorry for him?
gently lifted one of the smaller panels away from the tip of Bucky’s shoulder.
Not thinking about whether he
And Steve broke into a grin. Because that
what it’s like, to have supervillains blame you because someone died…”
Steve forced himself look up again, and found that they had everyone’s attention now.
Because he knew, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that Tony would reappear in a few minutes.
...No, of course it did.
A different collection of memories briefly crowded to the front of Tony’s head. The hysteria that had driven him to demolish his workshop that first morning after. The deep sense of dread he’d felt when he realised that he could just
And, at last, the scalding surge of pleasure, as Steve slid his hand into Tony’s underwear and curled his fingers around his cock.
to know who he was? Did he even know what that question meant to him - was that what he was hoping to get out of this?
“We’ve been looking for you.” Steve spoke softly, his face still turned towards Tony – playing along with her game, for the time being.
“But before that, there’s
being around you. I like
worried that I’ll be bad for you. I’m worried that I’m jumping into the unknown, just because I want to… And really, I just want to be able to say I told you that, and you said it was okay.”
...They were
Even while he worked through all the things he had no right to judge versus the things he was wrong to forgive, even as that new ideology started to come together into something coherent-
A weary sense that it was all very familiar.
Christ, this was a lot.
him, and, just – he had to tell him-
have been…
In the meantime, better late than never, I really hope you enjoy the update!
you’re talking bullshit,” Rhodey frowned.
criticism to take the edge off.
“Because their listed office is a few blocks from the Tower, and Steve would’ve walked…” Tony mused out loud, the details coming together faster than he could explain them.
In that moment, everything seemed to make so much more sense. It made everything Captain America ever did seem so much more impressive, thinking that it had really just been a human being at the centre of it all. It made all the impossible things about Steve seem so much more accessible, more relatable, thinking that it was all someone that Tony knew…
of Tony’s faculties were focused on that sensation. Less than a moment, in which Tony was too completely immersed in this strange shift inside himself to pay precise attention to his surroundings-
feeling all of these things, like he was suddenly hyper aware of every sensation-
But this so clearly reminded him of when he
“Yeah, Steve, because if there’s one thing Tony Stark is bad at, it’s telling people he doesn’t want them at his house,” Bucky cut in, sarcastically. Steve dropped his shoulders and gave an abashed little nod,
, now?”
“…Because we need it as evidence.” Steve remembered.
, at The Facility. And, at the time, Steve had been so consumed by his excitement at being able to touch Tony
He gritted his teeth, giving his injured hand another shake before he checked it again… Still a little bit surprised by how quickly it healed. That he could actually
And Steve let go of a little breath, the more adorable look of tempered optimism on his face.
“You running a stress test on the building foundations?” Tony sang from the doorway, in lieu of an actual greeting.
Maybe it was something in the tone of Steve’s voice, or the little blush that coloured his cheeks, but Tony was suddenly more curious than he was irritated… If he’d been talking to anyone else, he might’ve called it ‘concerned’.
he never had. Because there had never been a time in his life when he hadn’t been trying to contain his emotions and control his temper and outrun his trauma - however variable the results.
“Come on, downstairs”
“I love you too,” Tony replied, snuggling into his chest-
Tony felt the same spike of adrenaline that he’d have felt, watching someone else walk a tightrope. The same desperation to balance something he had no actual control over. For the moment, it seemed that Belle really might be reading them as awkward and confused, that she might not be concerned… yet. But every time Steve opened his mouth, Tony braced for him to say something they wouldn’t be able to explain away. And there was only so much Tony could do to help, without making it obvious that something was going on…
?” Tony cut himself off, and shot an accusatory glance at Pepper-
he was so tender…
As Steve stood there and let it run through his head one last time, he realised - he hadn’t paused because he was unsure, or frightened, or because he’d needed to think it all through. He’d stopped for a moment to
A montage of well meaning strangers scrolled through his brain, reciting a list of support groups and help lines and offers to talk, if he ever needed anyone… All of which would be more of a chore than a comfort.
Steve glanced down, to the tiny, alien object sitting numb in the palm of his hand. And he looked at it.
Then Tony wanted more.
to do this… To love someone enough that something like this would actually be fun, and feel safe enough to want to do it... Although, yeah, a big part of it is just that I
(See the end of the chapter for
too human. Too far outside his comfort zone, his area of understanding.
much easier to read his face now…
Super villains the world over had worked out that no one could outsmart the Avengers, or out run them, or out Hulk them – but it was surprisingly easy to make them fight each other. Loki had tried to turn them on each other, and damn near managed it. Wanda had used their personal demons and interpersonal problems as a distraction, and that was how ULTRON had gotten as far as Sokovia. Zemo hadn’t even
“Eight thirty-seven am, Sir,” JARVIS replied, and then pre-empted the next question. “You fell asleep just after ten last night.”
“There weren’t ice cream flavours when I was a kid” Steve laughed.
Tony had decided for both of them that they’d be having dinner in their room – not that Steve had any objection. By that time, a few people in the bar had started ordering food… and enough of them were licking it off of their partners to suggest that dinner was going to be a very different meal to breakfast.
He sucked hard at the delicate skin at the dip of Tony’s collarbone, making sure to leave a bruise this time. Tony’s breath caught again, breaking through as a strangled
And then Steve’s hand was on the small of his back, strong and safe and still somehow tender, pulling Tony close. Tony tilted his head up and let Steve kiss him, soft and slow, gently teasing Tony’s mouth open as Tony slid his arms around Steve’s waist-
was a teenager.
And he remembered his conversation with Bucky. He thought back to Bucky asking him,
“You too, Erik,” he said, sincerely. And then, with only the slightest pang of residual guilt, added, “good luck with the project.” Selvig nodded and gave a little wave as he followed the last of the staff out of the lab.
towards Steve… that feeling that everything was clear when Steve was actually there.
Steve hissed out a string of swearwords, arching his back, tears pricking at the corners of his eyes as his whole body burned with the need for more. It
“Well, on the other hand – she couldn’t have given it a more straight-forward name,” Tony observed. “Who’s Mrs Ken?”
But he already knew it was nothing to worry about.
A relieved smile melted over Tony’s lips, as the ideas fell into line - the clutter falling away as he tidied it all into boxes…
He just – couldn’t.
And somewhere, Steve did know that this was a complicated situation. There was a little voice,
He got out of the car before Sam had the chance to answer him, not sure whether he’d really heard a sad sigh in reply or if he’d just imagined it. After that it was simply a matter of following his feet, wandering mindlessly towards the little bubble of activity at the centre of the yard.
could…
“It’s fine,” Tony smiled – but, from the way everything in his lab had been neatened into perfect parallel lines, Steve had to guess he’d been
these thoughts… that, for maybe the first time in ten years, he really
And it was wonderful, of course. Even more so now that Tony’s mind wasn’t a dizzy mush, now that he was remembering what it really meant in the real world-
much of the plan, yet.
It wasn’t that Tony didn’t want this. Tony didn’t think
long that Steve wasn’t already judging himself according to hindsight.
something, that he was prepared to fight for something, to do anything for that something… even if he hadn’t quite worked out what it was, yet.
“I don’t know what’s wrong,” he muttered, barely aware he was talking to her.
“You always did put the best spin of everything.” He commented meaninglessly, on his way over to the bathroom.
“I just want to help,” Steve answered, his voice so sincere and…
Tony had filled an emptiness in Steve that Bucky could never reach. There was a part of Steve that already belonged to Tony, a part of him that Bucky could never get to.
“I wouldn’t know what I was missing, but that doesn’t mean I wouldn’t be missing out” Tony argued – and then, when he realised that’d been a bit close to some line, he added “You could say that about anyone you cared about”
Steve didn’t even know if Bucky had come.
“I don’t pretend I don’t like Tony,” he frowned. That frustration flared in Bucky’s eyes as he looked up at Steve again, and Steve’s confusion flared up with it. “...you
“And maybe that wouldn’t be so fucking annoying if the rules applied to
Barely bothering to recognise what was going on when Tony’s fingertip, cool and wet with lube now, began to tease him open, and then pushed inside him… just letting it roll through him. Not keeping track of the time, not building to anything. Just relaxing into the feeling of Tony’s fingers twisting inside him, letting the sensation melt out through his hips and run up his back…
“You’re
“Long,” Steve sighed. “Yours?”
...That was a weird thought.
However uncomfortable the alternative.
If he was trying not to lose his temper, it was best not to think about Steve at all.
“Who took it from you?” He asked in a resigned monotone.
wanted to touch Steve, just to… and he couldn’t decide whether it was okay to want that for a moment, and go with it, or whether it was bitterly fucking typical, and he should just go ahead and hate himself for that too.
There were no conscious thoughts in his head, anymore. No words, no plans, no real awareness of what he was going to do next – he just
“...Do you want to go out for dinner?” Steve suggested, the most adorable blush colouring his cheeks.
Ah, there was the jolt of panic he should’ve felt much sooner. There was the instinctive resistance to this kind of conversation, the
“Steve Rogers?” He repeated, dazed, as he scrambled to prepare a defence.
He’d have to try to remember
Tony’s body simmered down immediately, his thighs relaxing and his shoulders falling loose - like they were following Steve’s commands directly. But that need still burned beneath his skin, building at an impossible rate-
“Hydra’s secret weapon,” Steve murmured, hating how familiar the words felt in his mouth-
Even though he couldn’t possibly have heard Tony yet, even though he couldn’t see him, Steve immediately recognised that Tony was
“Something like that,” Steve breathed a laugh.
And it was, without question, the most perfect pleasure Tony had ever known.
That it was so important to do right by other people, that he was usually so preoccupied with the question of
He’d been looking for the world as it was when he was twenty.
… Mostly, Steve just felt guilty for lying and sad to think that he’d lost Tony’s friendship. Honest.
...But he was.
And seen Steve-
Tony winces, and takes a small step closer before he begins,
Steve had never been as thankful for that particular aspect of their friendship as he was when he got back from Tony’s that night.
And hid behind Steve.
He even liked the fact that he was having to give himself a little pep talk right now. Sitting in the car, trying to keep his hands steady and telling himself not to come across as a total stalker… it all seemed very un-Captain America like.
“But I
“Acts like he’s already decided he wants Orlando Bloom to play him in the biopic?”
fall, people already know to turn to us for the answers,” Steve replied, carefully. Still bracing for Tony to flinch from the idea, already framing his responses in the most positive way… He could tell, it was going to take a while to shake that habit.
Even the two
None of it had worked. None of it had even seemed relevant, like they were all words from an alternate reality…
“Because I checked,” Steve sighed, sadly. “And, not that I’ve been out of that house much since I got there, but I checked every time I got back, too. And I know exactly how to check - because Fury
And Steve wasn’t really capable of following the thread of this rant. It was taking considerable effort to pick out the individual words… But he had identified the overall topic. And he was apparently capable of picking an individual point out of the noise, and focusing on it with all the oblivious confidence of a drunk…
“No, I should get my shit together,” Tony groaned, reluctantly. “I
Not that either of them really cared.
And he was fast realising that he
either. And I don’t know why you’re so fucking
“Well, I don’t know,” Steve answered, nervously. “…It depends if you’re going to let me in or not.”
“And he was weirdly nice about it,” Tony carried on, straining to remember. “I asked why he was always sneaking up on people, or something, and he actually apologised… And said it was just because he was ‘hoping to catch me when I got home’ or whatever, and I asked why he even wanted to see me, seeing as I’m narcissistic and volatile and everything else… and then he apologised for
, even though all of that is probably true… I know
Steve had spent so many nights stewing over the injustices he’d suffered through, pointedly telling himself that no good came from spite or vengeance, that a good man only fights to make the better place - that it wouldn’t have made anything better to punish those people…
He felt Bucky and Sam turn to glance at him, while Tony rolled his eyes in that
being impulsive and unpredictable and occasionally reckless, rather than in spite of it. The fact that he’d never felt compelled to make that case to anyone, because he’d never seen Tony as something to be justified or explained.
Steve paused to consider him for a moment.
...But Scmitt had been a man like Steve, once.
“Because I love you.”
thinking of it that way. It just seemed so… demeaning to Steve, or something. So utterly inaccurate and entirely unbalanced. It really wasn’t as though Steve wanted this more than Tony did, or that Steve liked him more than he liked Steve. And, of course, Tony would’ve loved to talk to Steve about all of these decisions. Go through all his recent musings, speak his frustrations out loud, ask for Steve’s advice…
just take this as I found it - and I found that I really like you. And I trust you. And I… can see
And then he looked up at Tony…
wasn’t thinking about what might be about to happen-
…That he wanted to do it again, maybe?
And then the eerie, high-buzzing silence of the aftermath…
“...That
Something about that statement had struck Steve as… odd. Pointed.
And when that didn’t immediately work, he flinched away from it altogether, telling himself that he was jumping to conclusions, making it all up…
with us…”
it is easy… And I know that I’m going to love you, and look out for you, for the rest of your life – which isn’t as creepy as I just made it sound, I swear,” Tony cut himself off with a frown. Steve laughed, but before he could reassure him, Tony carried on, “I know what you’re going to say, but it’s important that I say this anyway – if you told me that you wanted nothing to do with this anymore, and you never wanted to see me again… It’d break my heart, and it wouldn’t stop me looking out for you, but I’d listen to you. I appreciate there are parts of this that might be… different, and, you know, complicated… But there’s no reason in any of this for me to be a controlling, abusive bastard. Your needs as a human being aren’t less important than what I am as a vampire, and you’ve every right to expect all those human considerations… whatever else we’re doing. And I never want you to be with me – or to do
-Okay, then, they would
And then he realised that he had no idea what he was saying. And then he remembered just how separate from everything he really was.
complicated.
And the reply seemed to come from so nearby, and still so far away.
Which was worth noting, Tony supposed.
“You won’t, you can’t,” Tony assured him, his fingers trembling lightly as he found the concealed fastening at the front of Steve’s uniform and slid his hand inside, gripping Steve’s cock and pulling it free. Steve keened hopelessly, jerking hard against him.
This was bigger than any of the rooms downstairs, with several bars and lounge areas around a huge black marble dancefloor. There was a balcony that ran around the whole of the room, a few people leaning over it, watching the couples below. The balustrade was adorned with shimmering golden chains and tiny black gems… The theme of the party was nominally ‘Black and Gold’, which was probably why Tony was wearing a black shirt-
mental spiral…? But he didn’t have time to think about it.  Immediately, he resolved that he would just have to put all this aside until they were gone. Wait until he had time to think about it properly, reserve this breakdown for when it wouldn’t make anyone else uncomfortable…
And, in among all the many things he was thinking, he considered that he might be getting a bit carried away with himself. That he would probably come over as needy and weird if he literally
“If it reassures you – it’s
…It was almost certainly a bad idea.
That last thought occurred to him as he reached the kitchen area – and suddenly Tony found himself gripping hold of the worktop, just to keep himself upright.
Tony heard Steve cry out sharply, his hips snapping up against Tony’s mouth, his hand stroking roughly over the back of Tony’s neck.
Tony knew that he’d have to tiptoe
In the end, Tony couldn’t keep it in.
...But he did love Steve, and he loved being
And, as the bartender turned to make whatever drinks Steve had ordered for them, Tony dared to let his hand slip away from Steve’s… over his wrist, his forearms… up over the smooth expanse of skin, the line of solid muscle… The whole time almost holding his breath, trying to control the butterflies in his stomach. And then he felt the slightest flicker of tension run up through Steve’s shoulder-
...So, that meant
want that.
...And that was worse.
“I’ll be okay,” he reassured with a smile.
to go here. Everything. And
He could imagine letting his fingers trail over Steve’s stomach… sliding his hands under the waistband of Steve’s jeans, touching Steve the way he was touching himself, feeling Steve’s hips roll to meet him like this
He did have a far better life than he’d ever thought possible.
He just knew he needed to
to wait until he got home, before he began analysing this whole thing again from scratch…
He hadn’t indulged that thought quite as much. There was still an instinct to flinch from that one, an unspoken awareness that he could slip down that slope into scarier thoughts… Into asking himself what was normal all over again.
fun in the protected, fake little bubble of a fantasy. Just as a game. The things I guess everyone is
If Tony
“You,” Rhodey answered, gesturing at him. “Being all… giddy. What happened? Did Steve propose, or something?”
It felt right, when his head fell into position…
want to devote myself to you, for the record - that’s still something I want for myself, just so you know…” He refocused on Tony’s face, watching the way his forehead creased with confusion or concern, before Steve clarified, “but I really did just figure out that it doesn’t have to be mutually exclusive, or whatever. That being this is love with you and this devoted to you doesn’t mean I can’t let you in. I think I just figured out how much I want to let you in… That this is what I always wanted, if I’d been brave enough to think that way…”
wouldn’t it, to blame Tony for the actions of a man that just so happened to turn up for him. I mean, he’s not
, wouldn’t you?”
And Steve… almost smiled?
new, they’re kinda helpful” Possibly Trish shot her a look, and her girlfriend tilted her head,
“Okay.”
Tony knew that sound
...Odd, that
And then his eyes snapped up to meet Steve’s, wide and dark and flecked with the reflected silver of the workshop lights. Steve’s body tensed inward, his breath catching in his chest… his chin tilting up, just slightly, without him having to think about it.
– for him to pretend to be Captain America right now-
“What do you think would’ve happened, if I’d said that in the bunker?” He asked, “If instead of just standing there like a cardboard standee of an idiot-” And he felt a little swell of pride, when Tony snorted a laugh at that “if I had just said, I’m sorry Tony, and I love you…”
narrative, some element of human interest… for want of a better word.
“Yeah, I’ll be honest, it pisses me off that I have to fight on this unlevel playing field every single time.  It pisses me off that
...He could always think of Steve and smile.
“No, Tony, no, no, no, that’s not what I meant,” Steve interrupted, his confused hesitancy immediately overwhelmed by a desperation to explain-
“Hello, and Welcome,” he announced, throwing his arms wide. “My name is Scaramouche, and this is my assistant, Galileo,” he gestured to the woman, who smiled shyly and gave a little wave with her fingers, “and it is my great honour to welcome you to Bulsara.”
“Referral from friends” The other woman…the one that wasn’t Possibly-Trish, answered. “I mean, obviously I can’t say who…” But Tony was already holding up a palm, smiling,
pinch his lips, before he visibly pushed himself through the next sentence,
body he saw in his fantasies - these more muscular shoulders, this slightly broader chest, lit up by the glow of the arc reactor…
When,
He was asking Bucky to risk his life, just to save Steve from having his blood taken.
“It’s okay Steve”
Bucky can’t remember why he trusts this man, but he knows he does.
Either way, it felt like a significant observation. A wider recognition that the past wasn’t the same as his memories of it - further proof that he could never go back in time, even if he returned to the same place in time…
After all these weeks of ‘knowing’ that Steve wanted him - all these weeks of wondering how to feel about it, and what to do about it, and what it meant… Now, it just
want to talk about it.”
And the fact that Tony had made mistakes – even
“... You literally live with him, though,” Bucky reminded him.
, than a simple sexual fantasy-
Steve huffed again, pointedly pushing his food away from him. He knew that he was being childish and sulky… And he couldn’t tell if that
His mind twinged wearily at the familiar pattern of thoughts – but he didn’t bother trying to fight them. He’d been trying not to think about Steve for the better part of a year now, and he was well acquainted with the many forms his failures took.
“I know I do. I’m sure I do. But
when I hate it.”
He looked back to Bucky, resigned.
,” and he narrowed his eyes at Stape, scornfully. “I just want you to know that whoever you’re working for, they
better.
“Look, Steve,” Tony exhaled, in a placating tone - the same pointedly calm tone of voice he’d started out with, when they were arguing about Bucky in the first timeline… “I know that this is hard for you, for all sorts of reasons. And I’m not saying I understand them all. But I can’t help you with any of that, unless you’re prepared to talk about it…”
“And if we bring anyone else in now, all they can do is try and take the place by force, or do exactly what we’re doing now and try to infiltrate by stealth. And if they try to take the place by force, they’ll be going in blind, and the Adam’s might do anything, especially to the people from Anni Vara. They’ll destroy all the evidence, for sure.” Tony reasoned. “And if they’re going to send someone to do it by stealth-”
“I’ve got just the thing for you” She announced, at last. And then she glanced between them. “Come with me.”
“Well, so, for one thing… It turns out I’m in love with Steve Rogers. And, okay, I think I already knew that, but, I don’t know, that’s kind of just hit me… what with the fact that I slept with him last night, and all… And you know, I feel like that really would’ve been enough. Like, figuring out I’d fallen in love, and then the fact that I actually slept with the guy, would be enough for one day, you know?” He demanded of no one in particular. “I mean, let’s be honest -
He wanted so much for Tony to put that collar on him that the skin on his neck was starting to burn with the absence of it, so much that he very nearly asked-
Not even at the joke Tony had been making. It was just so far from what he’d expected Tony to say – Steve was so surprised to hear
His mouth fell open, his lips already curling into the shape of Tony’s name-
been considering it. He’d very much enjoyed being able to just sit and watch Tony – simply being able to think about how much he loved him, without having to worry about what he was doing with his face.
And the fact that he
His thoughts had decelerated and started to drift.
And deeply comforted by the thought of Steve taking that burden from him…
…Although it
of what it could turn into, and the
Oh… He hated himself.
He never thought
“We don’t have to go, you know,” Sam interrupted his thoughts, dragging him back into the world with a disorienting jolt.
, potentially, be dangerous.
“Woah, sorry, can I just-” He glanced from her to Tony, and then immediately back at her again. “So, it’s one of us… one of us is going to be the…” But Janine just smiled and held a palm up,
Their eyes met. It was Steve who glanced away first.
the fruit juice please,” Tony sighed. Freddie nodded politely, and turned to leave, but before he could take a step, Tony added, “oh, and is there like, a map of the festival, what’s going on where, that sort of thing?”
before I could feel it. But that’s not even the best bit. The
But, in fairness - unlike Nick, or even Natasha - Clint hadn’t done any wrong by either Steve or Tony in
you can follow me,” Tony corrected, already adjusting a setting on the side of the gauntlet.
“What’cha looking at?” Nat asked him, her voice almost slurring at the edges. And, of course, Steve hadn’t really been looking at anything… But he still sought to answer the question, mindlessly glancing up at the sign in front of the nearest stall.
Steve broke the kiss with a gasp. Even though every inch of his body longed for more of this, even though every instinct was screaming at him to carry on – he stopped the second Tony told him to.
stairs, without being seen by the crowd of people gathering at the bottom of them.
Fuck, he loved that sound.
“Sorry, didn’t mean to startle you,” he smiled, kindly. “I was just hoping to catch you, when you got home.”
The new impulses were far more seductive - interesting and novel and real. It was
Bucky had always been clear that anything was preferable to being numbed. And, as with all lived experience, it had always been difficult for him to explain… but the simplest answer was that HYDRA had never sedated him for surgery. HYDRA had always favoured the quickest, cheapest route when it came to the repairs – which meant numbing Bucky’s torso so that he wouldn’t move, and making him watch while they worked.
“Please tell me this is the first one,” Bucky commented lightly, like he was trying to make a joke of it.
thinking of all the reasons I really want to do this, as a matter of fact…”
“And, yeah, I guess it did turn into a bit of a ‘who’s side are you on’ thing, and… yeah, that’s not a good way to decide anything, especially something as complicated as this.” Steve smiled, self-consciously. “And, honestly, I don’t know if what I think about The Accords has changed all that much either… But
Oh God, he was breathless. Genuinely breathless.
It left Steve feeling like he was the centre of the universe, and also like he just wasn’t the point of what was happening. Like he was the most important person in existence, and like he didn’t matter at all-
And he carried on resting his weight against Steve, as the warm water soaked through his hair and washed his body clean, occasionally peppering little kisses to Steve’s neck that were more affectionate than sensual. Eventually he let his head just fall onto Steve’s shoulder, his whole body pressed against him. And then Tony felt the firm caress of a washcloth over his back, the slippery sensation of luxury soap, softening his skin… He sighed, happily, and surrendered to it. Tilting his head back to let Steve run one hand into his hair… instinctively taking the washcloth, so that Steve could use both hands to work his hair into a lather… so that he could run strands of Tony’s hair over all ten fingers, as he let the water rinse through it…
He turns back, and finds a man standing maybe a foot away from him… frowning at him, thoughtfully.
– shut down any tantrum from Rhodey if he really got in the way… it was just simpler to appease him, until he did.
he longed to let that go, how painfully he needed this.
“And I think I’ve just seen Dev go to find Steve, so, he should be with you any minute.”
“Literally anything that isn’t the exact thing I’m meant to be distracting them from,” Bucky suggested. Beside him, Tony hummed a sleepy laugh.
. So, fuck them.”
Steve felt his mouth just dry up. His heart started pounding in his ears, so hard it was difficult to hear her over the top of it.
. Not even filtering for the complicated bits and the contradictory bits and the I’m-not-sure-I-should-think-this bits. Just… “It’s more when it turns out that he was actually researching… I don’t know, a type of abortion, or a way to disseminate pornography, or something where half the planet think he’s immoral and half of them think he’s making a great moral stand – and it turns out that the punishment is being…
“You want to go out for dinner?” Tony suggested… And, even in the midst of his own crisis, Steve picked up in the fact that Tony sounded… Nervous? Distracted, maybe? “Or, we could order in, if you like?” Tony added, hurriedly.
He didn't think about it. If he'd thought about it, it would've become complicated and confusing - like everything else in his head. He'd have flinched away from it.
“Abso-fucking-lutely”
“My mom’s parents were Italian, and Italian food was literally all she could cook,” Tony mused. “Everything else she ever tried was always a total disaster – not that she tried much, actually. Our kitchen was staffed, when I was a kid.”
have liked - loved, even - had things worked out differently… Even if they were objectively ‘good’ people, even if they still liked him, even if they had done so much for him in another life… What if he still just didn’t like them all that much?
Until Tony.
funeral, I’m sorry I’ve hurt you, one day maybe you’ll understand – if only he’d signed the fucking Accords.”
… More open and vulnerable and…
There were so many things Steve could ruin, right now.
, something that had continued to make sense even as the lineup changed and the headquarters were moved and the chain of command was literally blown up and torn down… Still, he was sure he’d just known what it meant to be an Avenger. What they stood for. What linked them to each other.
“Okay, we’ll start with that,” Tony decided. “Scan every file for any references to Steve Rogers, Operation Rebirth, vampires, blood or plasma treatments, blood or plasma research studies, historical or genealogical studies of any specific families that date back 200 years or more…”
there were guards in that direction. And then he peeked again, this time towards the back of the tower. He managed a reasonable look at the door they’d be aiming for, and again, he didn’t
Thinking, as any person might, that this would be easy.
. Which, purely out of habit, probably started as an attempt to overcome this reaction. The overwhelming physicality of it, the fact that he didn’t have an actual trigger to rationalise… This was the sort of thing a person should try to talk themselves
“You know
Steve glared at him.
him being a vampire. That had always been a given, a fact. And while the rest of his lonely, claustrophobic existence had been thrust upon him, his hatred of vampire fetishists was all his own. He
Steve’s heart was breaking right now.
have been, at least.
Trying to work out how Tony felt about him, trying to unlearn everything he thought he knew yesterday.
...Insane.
“And how do you make it easier on them, then?” Tony asked, very quietly.
And, actually… as
His eyes were impossibly dark, pupils blow wide, the light catching on those inky black lashes.
He could not
“I just – I’m just going to say it: There is an awful lot of sex going on here, in the weirdest of places” Tony went on, giggling himself now, mostly at how much Steve was laughing “And I know we’ve done the shifty eyes ‘you know what might happen’ thing, but I just thought, at some point, one of us should just point out that we’re at an orgy, and that is weird.” And because Steve was laughing too hard to answer him, and because Tony just wanted to keep on making him laugh, he tried to keep talking “And at some point we’re going to have to write a
Steve felt like there
fucking fed up with people telling
friends. And he’d have to talk to Steve about it.
?” Tony demanded. “A consort is a - you mean I might be…
Her mouth literally fell open at that, her eyes flashing with alarm before she turned to look at Nick.
a truth serum?” He sighed - a smile pulling at the corner of his lips as Nat dissolved into giggles again.
what that meant.
Steve let it overwhelm him. He gladly got lost in an endless moment where everything felt good, where there was nothing but how much he loved Tony and how wonderful the world was…
“Good morning, Captain Rogers,” JARVIS answered politely, “Mr Stark asked that I remind him of the weekly team meeting. It’s due to start in an hour.”
And then Tony leaned over him, his fingers still moving inside him as he pressed his lips close to his ear, and whispered,
“We should talk to him” Tony said, more pointedly, scanning Steve’s face in the strangest way.
That he knew where Talleroy Communications
Tony woke up peacefully, just before dawn the next day – and was
means, if we can get into that system in the first place, we can get to everything,” he worked his way into the big finish, speaking more confidently now. “If we can find one of Hydra’s hubs, for example, somewhere that would have to be hooked up to that network - from there we could take it all down. Delete everything that Hydra ever built,
Oh… There was a whole, rambling
, really laughed, at that idea… But really, it was just the pure
, and not having to think further than that.
Steve would sacrifice his
feeling that confident
…” And Tony smiled again.
“And what time did Pepper say she’d be here?”
Tony’s vision started to cloud at the edges, an exhilarating dizziness building in his head-
“Uh, well, one has a really advanced environmental analysis system, but the actual ergonomics are shot. One has an almost fully functioning bio-interface – but nothing below the waist.” Tony summarised, feeling a warmth surge through him when Steve laughed.
"Always."
Tony gets shot, and nearly dies. There is a lot of Tony's emotional reaction to this, as well as how it physically feels to get weaker, although the actual wound/injury is not described in detail - there are, however, a lot of mentions of blood.
that… that experience, in life…
Steve was so overwhelmed with objections, so consumed by outrage, that he literally couldn’t think of words for it.
deal. In fact, this was the first time Steve had recognised what a huge deal it was for
The only problem with any of this was that it only reminded Steve of how much he loved Tony - how determined he was that Tony was going to be happy, this time.
Tony.
He would’ve told Steve that he loved him, then.
He started to think that perhaps he
When Tony looked over, he saw that Steve had dropped his head and covered his mouth with his hand… But Tony could still see him smiling. Steve was just one of those people that smiled with their whole body; it was there in the shape of his shoulders and the blush running up his neck and the slight crinkle in his eyes, even when he’d closed them.
Not that he had a task to focus on, at the moment. Now, he was simply waiting on a text message - which, God willing, would be a confirmation that everything was
…It was momentarily sobering. That brief time before the fantasy, when everything is at its most real.
Things regular people probably think while they’re waiting for their date to turn up.
“Oh, obviously the honour is all mine,” Pierce assured him, gesturing to his office. Steve simply followed him.
Steve almost bit his own tongue off in a rush to agree.
“If you wish last night hadn’t happened and you think it should never happen again, now would be a really good time to say, by the way,” Tony added, timidly-
It was only as he was throwing his arms around Tony’s waist that he remembered the metal case that was still dangling carelessly from one hand - and even then, only as a vague obstruction. He let it fall at his feet with a dull bump so that he could grab at Tony with both hands, pulling him tight against his chest and breathing him in…
...He should probably pull back from outright lying.
And then he felt Tony sweep his fingers over his prostate, and his whole body jerked involuntarily, a truly whorish moan just falling out of his mouth.
“Uh, well, I did,” Tony winced, falling into line next to Steve. Unthinkingly, Steve matched his movement, so that they were both walking slowly down the corridor again as they spoke.
So, somewhere between reconciled and begrudging, Steve sank back into the couch and threw Fury’s folder down onto the coffee table with a satisfying slap. With his irritation still grinding somewhere in the background, he forced a checklist into his head.
?” He clarified, with a frown. Pepper exhaled softly, and smiled.
If Tony had been home, Steve would’ve been drawn to him hours ago. By now, he would’ve been quietly basking in Tony’s company while Tony worked, or holding Tony close against his chest while he played with his hair, or teasing those increasingly frantic whimpers from him as he trailed kisses along the inside of his thighs…
Looking at the wall of box files that contained all of his father’s work notes…
Rhodey huffed a laugh at that.
“Hi. It’s Tony, isn’t it? And Steve?”
himself worry, however rational that reaction might be.
, you do.” Steve told him, a fierce sincerity in his voice.
...But he was allowed to investigate his own father, right?
talked about what he was talking about, without a single thought to whether it was appropriate or on brand – or even whether it was actually right. This was just what he was feeling
Well, it was as good a lead as Tony was hoping to get. And, now that he had it, he was oddly anxious to get out of this conversation… to go and share it with Steve…
And then he heard a very familiar huff of impatience.
“And I never fell for your charms in that other timeline, you say?” He mocked, dryly - and Steve huffed a surprised little laugh.
by saying it…
“Well, you don’t have to,” Steve tells him, placing a gentle palm on his forearm. “I know that’s not really how it works… But I promise, you’re safe here. And everything
. For a few hours, he’d managed to basically keep that nagging apprehension at bay by putting all of his physical anxiety into his workout, and all of his mental energy into that simple averment-
“I love you. And I want you” Tony whispered-
research – that’s how he came up with the weapons. But then someone heard that he was developing weapons and – do you know, Anni-Vara has
of the hypothetical Steve responses Tony had dreamed up… Even in the really good scenarios. He didn’t have a prepared reaction to this, and it seemed to be taking an awfully long time for one to form-
Remembering how things really were, and had always been, behind the veil of his pain and anger.
“I thought you’d already seen that tape” Tony cut in, his voice a little dazed.
And then Tony looked up at him, so kindly…
“No, I get that,” Tony assured, easily – because he did. Immediately, he felt like he knew exactly what Steve was talking about…
Steve woke up on a strange couch, in a room he didn’t recognise, with no clue where he was, or what time it was, or how he got here…
And I really hope you enjoy it!
“No! I mean – God, I am
But he couldn’t say any of that. Especially not now. And that meant whatever he
The fact Steve liked to walk to meetings, on the rare occasions that it was possible. That he liked the time
“More,” Steve whispered, far to quiet and breathy for Tony to have heard it. But Tony pushed into him again anyway, keeping to that new, relaxed pace. Pushing into Steve firm and deep – hitting that same spot again. And again. And again. Steve started out screaming sharply with every thrust, but pretty soon his lungs couldn’t keep up with it, and he was left to pant silently as every nerve in his body lit up over and over and over.
It would be
good, as it slipped down his throat. He heard himself moan, the ache in his hips settling into a pleasant, dull throb as he began to move against Steve, swallowing the length of him, and then again, and again…
“Are you okay?” Tony whispered softly from just beside him. It was actually just the two of them, for the time being. They’d been asked to wait in a little side room, with a plush cream carpet, and two white linen love seats, facing each other across a low glass coffee table. Steve felt like they were waiting to talk to someone about their prostate issues, or something. Like there should be a stack of glossy magazines smiling up at him from the floor.
And he
And then he sat up on the couch, instinctively reaching for his shirt as he shifted back into work mode. But before he put it on, he turned to Steve with a sigh,
… but, in a perverse sort of way… There was something nice about it. Something surprising about how easily the words came now, some thrill of potential or abandon as he realised, he was
“Hm,” she observed, in an enigmatic, superior tone that should probably have prompted him to ask what she was thinking.
“But can you shut it down?”
“JARVIS, I need to find a copy of that diary,” he announced, decisively. “At any cost, from any source, as a matter of urgency - that’s the priority right now. Find me a seller, a collector, a museum I can burgle… whatever it takes…”
Steve felt his breathing move a little higher in his chest as he and Tony made their way –
Followed by the dizzy realisation that it
Except, he
The strength of him, the power in those arms – exactly enough to push back against Steve, to challenge him-
Then his mind bounced back to the clutter in his workshop, briefly. A few random thoughts about where he was up to… the amused realisation that he didn’t really know. That Tony had just been
Steve wanted this. And not just how much Steve wanted to touch him, or even how much Steve wanted Tony in general; Tony could feel how much Steve
“Okay, so I have one more question…” he said, carefully. “And it’s just really important to me that you tell the truth. That’s… really more important than whatever the answer turns out to be, okay?”
“As promised,” he told her breathlessly, his hand shaking slightly as he thrust the final stone in her direction.
He watched, in slow motion, as Tony’s shock sharpened into confusion, and then – God, even worse – began to warm into something like
“Whatever’s really going on here, it’s very much a human-Varian partnership. Either they’re working
Whether this was him figuring it out at last, or finally confronting something he’d known for a long time, he wasn’t sure - but Steve was genuinely taken aback by how quickly and clearly the real problem came to him.
failing came back to him.
On the plus side of things, the editing is going well, and if I make the same progress with my other fic I should be able to move up to more regular updates soon.
Because he
of very patient support, and the right push, to get me here. And
And found a nervous looking Shield Agent, holding a metal briefcase, and a clipboard.
“No,” Steve sighed, pointedly not rising to the bait, “but I
him. An ever-clearer idea of what it would really be like, to share a moment that intimate and that powerful, to be that closely bonded to one another. A rapidly building pleasure in that idea, a growing excitement at the prospect…and it was warm, and giving, and
Steve frowned, and tried to convince himself that was the only reason it felt slightly...
...And he was hungry.
“Right?” Sam exclaimed, and then winced again, and then put a hand to his throat.
...And then it turned out that so many of those people never loved him, that they’d been using those lines to manipulate and control him
to talk himself out of this, that he’d be so easily swayed…
… for that…
that it was pathetic to be making excuses or drawing comparisons or trying to downplay what he did…
for once - and he didn’t even know what it was. Only that this was completely different to any of the looks he usually got when he tried to explain himself...
He grabbed Tony with a speed and strength that Tony had never seen from him, one arm pulling tight across his back, the other hand roughly guiding Tony’s head into a possessive kiss – and suddenly Tony was so desperate for this that he didn’t know what to do with himself. He threw his arms around Steve, clawing frantically at his shirt, grinding his whole body into Steve as Steve tried to hold him closer. Kissing Steve back every bit as hungrily, pushing against him even as Steve forced him back against the counter-
That, actually, both of them were still naked, and sticky… that his clothes were likely stretched or even torn… and he couldn’t remember about Tony’s… That, all in all, they should probably put some active thought into their situation before the recovery team made it down to the second floor.
He had the strangest feeling of deja vu, and wondered if this was one of the many things Pepper had tried to explain to him back when he was in a different haze.
And more to the point, there were so many other things to focus on. So many new and thrilling thoughts he was allowed to get carried away with, for the first time in his life. It really wasn’t a hardship to enjoy those things, rather than sabotage them.
“Nervous.” Steve just
“I don’t know that there is anything else,” Steve sighed.
wanted this to be good.
“Not yet. We could only get a very brief look at things, while we were on the third floor.” Steve assured her –
Maybe he was always more traumatised than he knew…
“Hey,” Rhodey replied, casually.  For a few seconds they just looked at one another. Eventually, Tony cocked an eyebrow, and Rhodey frowned, “oh, yeah, I was supposed to tell you something…”
bitter about those. But, obviously, if there was one person he didn’t want looking into his whereabouts, it was Ross…
“...So, yeah, it’s all pretty ridiculous,” Tony accepted, gesturing around them to illustrate the situation in general.
– like he was supposed to.
The shift in Tony’s level of awareness was so sudden and so intense that it was physically disorienting, like snapping out of a trance. Out of nowhere, his previously sleepy body was tingling with panic, and his once calm mind was alive with hysterical thoughts-
“You know what? I’m being ridiculous” He tried instead, exhaling heavily. “No point in talking to me when I get like this. You should wait for me to calm down. I’m sorry. I’m just upset. We should go.” He was already heading towards the door. “Come on, we’re going to be late.”
One box at a time he’d tidied away the turmoil, and felt slightly better with each square foot of cleared space. Slowly, the workshop became less oppressive. The more frightening thoughts ebbed away, until they finally sank back into the darkness of his subconscious and allowed his daytime thoughts to return to… ‘normal’.
“Steve-”
he would make it better, or die trying.
...It might actually have come as a
And Steve wanted this-
But, right now, that seemed… okay.
“Okay, but now you
13. Try - P!nk
– and stop the enslavement and killing of an alien race” Tony confirmed, still catching his breath.
love with you, after all of that… And I never understood it. I knew it, but I didn’t get it. I could never work out why – when I didn’t like the way you made me feel, when I never thought you treated me fairly, when
“They make you wear the uniform to talk to the press?” Tony asked – making a mental note to download all of the Avengers past media conferences as soon as Steve and Bucky left.
, or because he felt like Tony should, he couldn’t exactly say. But it was a jealous feeling, certainly.
“Good,” Tony decided for him, when Steve failed to answer. “So,
Steve tried to smile back.
...That’s why he was always so desperate to make everything line up, so wary of anything that he couldn’t explain-
In the instant, Asgard just felt less daunting - and, with no one else to answer to, Steve decided to go with that.
“Oh God no,” Steve groaned, at full volume. Rhodey, Nat and Pepper all spluttered through a shocked laugh - but, suffice to say, Rousseau was completely unaffected.
“Steve, Jesus Steve, I- oh,
. And all the time we were teaching them, they were planning… They used what we’d taught them to weaponize our drugs, to make bastardised versions of them and artificially corrupt the effect of our eco-system. No one from Anni-Vara had ever thought to do that. None of us had any clue what harmful potential these drugs might have, or how they’d be prevented – why would we? And, just like that, our generations of expertise were worthless, and there was nothing we could do. They killed hundreds of people here in the city of Mallamen, and enslaved damn near everyone else. And then they founded this place, and made us develop drugs for the patrons, and help them analyse their data, and run their experiments. And we all know they’re working on something, that this is all part of a bigger project, with a single goal… but none of us know what it is. None of us ask, or try to work it out – because we can’t.”
pushed on with this simply to prove a point to Steve, then, obviously, he should stop it now…
Steve leapt forward instantly, reaching for where he knew Adams hand was. There was a sharp, disorienting jolt as he crashed into him – Adam swearing viciously under his breath as his phone was thrown out of his grip and sent scattering into the dark.
All that noise in Steve’s head faded to nothing, immediately. His initial reaction was a purely physical one; a sudden clenching in his chest, a weakness in his joints, a high, fluttering sensation, somewhere in the middle of him.
“Do you mind telling me what you’re doing here, sirs?” One of the guards asked, looking between him and Bucky.
. The most childish, entitled,
. He wanted to just stare at Steve – but Steve pulled him close again, desperately, kissing him hungrily, and God, Tony couldn’t resist it – why would he resist it?
what tore them apart the first time.
“I’m not saying that,” Tony corrected, with a speed and certainty that was somewhat reassuring. “I’m just saying that… I have to know more about what we’re getting ourselves into, before…”
, and Tony could only allow it to drift through and hope that it would pass.
very comforting….
your parents were murdered, and
actually happened?” He tried, in the calm, serious voice of a police officer at a crime scene.
Steve swallowed again, hot and bitter and painful, and forced himself to take a slow breath. For a moment, he was glad neither of them was looking at him.
A confused nervousness, as Tony shook his head and dropped his gaze, hesitant or shy or... defensive, maybe…
...And Steve
The sequence of events came to Tony more easily now; the sonic attack that sent the staff running for cover, the sound of an alarm blaring above their heads. The commotion as whichever super soldiers were already out of cryofreeze came running to assault them. The command,
, so I guess you’ll have to – or else
, of him…
… All the years he’d been in love with Steve. Years of thinking that Steve would only ever see the worst in him, that Steve would never trust him the way he did other people… That he’d never be able to make Steve happy.
that he was really this helpless against a manic neurologist with a Smith and Wesson-
Even if it were true that Steve was special and wonderful and the reason Tony smiled these days… that didn’t mean Tony could keep him. It didn’t provide any way for this to work, it didn’t magically make any of the risks disappear.
. Better than anyone. And, a lot of what you’re talking about, it’s… It’s not you, it’s him. It’s just the way he reacts to things. He’s just… like that…”
Then the sky outside flashed brilliant white, so bright that even Captain America jumped. And then another crash of thunder, even louder, and a theatrical howl of wind.
And he thought… he should really get a mug, or a glass, or something…
to stop Steve from talking or to try and distract him, or anything like that. It was just because Tony didn’t know what else to do with himself, what else to do with this feeling-
“Sorry,” Steve breathed, in that very controlled way of someone trying not to laugh again.
Nothing more than being close to Steve, being
And it didn’t frighten him.
And then the sudden sensation of air against his skin, and the soft weight of fabric settling against his chest.
“Come to bed,” Tony whispered. He felt Steve shudder against him in response before he managed to whisper back,
to hurt Rhodey, or Pepper, when got drunk at my fortieth birthday party. So, I guess those things just
Well.
“How does he even know how to do that?” Nat went on, breathlessly.
God, he hated himself. He hated himself for never having put himself in Steve’s shoes before now, he hated how it made him feel when it did. He hated how familiar this feeling was – that sinking realisation that, however angry he was, however much it hurt… nope, it probably
“Oh, not really,” Pepper breezed – stubbornly refusing to be distracted from the topic of Tony’s current good health. “That was just the weekly business report-”
Even though Tony knew, logically, that instinct should be subject to the same scrutiny as everything else – even though, to anyone else, it would seem as curious and questionable an impulse as any of them…
Someone he wanted to live
“C’mere,” Tony beamed, before somewhat clumsily manoeuvring Steve onto his back. He propped himself up on his side, looking down over Steve, momentarily transfixed by the rise and fall of his chest… Until a pleading little murmur reminded Tony of how much he wanted to kiss him.
… it was going to mean asking himself if he’d gotten it wrong
“Actually, mostly, it was women,” Steve answered. “Meeting… other men, was a bit trickier, back then. But, yeah, there were some.”
As ever, ALL feedback is gratefully received! But, if anyone does have any specific thoughts on
And, looking at Tony like this…His lovely lips, his hair all soft...
He’d asked why Steve was so sure about it, thinking that
“Well… Like I say, it could’ve been a disaster,” he murmured - resting his head on Steve’s chest again purely so that he could hide his shyness. “...So, you know, the right answer would probably be to think about it
He’d flopped out on the couch because he had to. It had been nearly twenty-four hours since he’d last sat down, and even an undead body has its limits. Limits he might have tried to push through, even now, if he could’ve thought of anything to push ahead with…
...But he really couldn’t bear to consider the alternative.
“The subtle differences are that, whichever of you is enacting your fantasy, you will take a version of the drug that affords you slightly more control. Whoever is providing their partners fantasy will take a drug that more reduces feelings of shame-”
inappropriate…
God, he hated SHIELD.
If he was struggling to function over the desperate urge to go to Steve and… bundle him in blankets, or something...
Immediately, another envelope was being pushed into his hands. Tony was pretty sure it was Zan who’d thrust it at him, but he’d had only the briefest of glimpses before she’d sprinted up along the corridor and out of sight.
How Steve felt about it wasn’t quite as simple.
know-
He felt Steve smile against his lips, surprised, before he melted into it, one hand coming to rest softly at the small of Tony’s back. A wave of heat rolled up Tony’s neck, that dizzy elation tightening in the pit of his gut, becoming something else…
Steve might’ve lost his footing there, if he weren’t being so careful. He hadn’t seen Tony’s handwriting in so long. Tony almost never wrote with an actual pen – the only times he didn’t rely on holograms and tablet computers were when they were deep undercover, and he didn’t trust the WiFi… or, back in The Tower, if he’d wanted to leave a note in the breakroom. Steve hadn’t seen that erratic, sloping script since
“-Those are the performances we stage in the main hall, after dinner each night - without wishing to brag, they’re considered the crowning jewel of the whole event. And, of course, this year we’ll be celebrating The Avengers, and we would
The unfathomable concept of Steve living for hundreds of years, resigning himself to fleeting relationships with human beings… The idea that Tony was just the first of many people that might provide some brief comfort in a life so much bigger than his own…
Well, that was…
“Like I slept for a month,” Bucky groaned, stretching his back as if to illustrate. And then he paused, and fixed Steve with a more aware look, and asked, “so, what’s the deal with Tony then?”
But, for as long as these things weren’t in his control, Steve could only admit that the one place he felt comfortable in the 21st Century was at the head of the Avengers conference table.
…That they were
So, all in all, it looked as though this week wouldn’t be going as he planned.
“Okay-” Nat began in a questioning tone – but Tony had already hung up on her.
Steve exhaled softly, as he began to recognise that he wasn’t looking at anything worse than the aftermath of any every-day mission…
to rock up against Tony – his only reward an increasingly painful desperation, the
And then there was the feel of the leather, surprisingly cool against his flushed skin-
“Are either of them, I don’t know,
He almost laughed. Of course, he knew it defeated the object, to be so aware of a mantra like that… But it was still one step away from allowing himself to wonder if Steve really meant it, or what a life with Steve would look like, or if-
He thought of Tony being weak and vulnerable, simply because of his selfless impulse to leave the best for other people-
arrogant? I’m doing too much
to hurt, and I’m sure you would take a bullet for me. I’m just… some guy.” Tony breathed those last two words like they were the saddest thing he could’ve resigned himself to being.
There had been an electric heat beneath everything so far that evening, a low, burning reminder of what the night promised… Suddenly, it was all Steve could feel.
unpacked that and put it into boxes and made it fit.
Unfortunately, for a second or two, he couldn’t think where to find it, because he just was so blindsided by having her turn up
. It was like going back to his first grade classroom as an adult, recognising that it hadn’t changed at all but looked entirely different… or, maybe, the other way around. Like, after so long seeing something with his present eyes, having accepted the new familiar, he could suddenly see it exactly as he had…at a different time… in another life…
am?” He
emotions and needs and limitations.
Before he could work out where it had come from, Bucky was possessed by a desire to tell Tony
…But Steve had never cared what ‘everyone would say’.
to get out of this conversation, whatever the cost to his dignity-
“Sorry, say again?” He muttered, surprised by how freely the words slipped over his lips. He saw Tony frown… tighten his mouth, just so…
“Welcome Steven, Son of Sarah,” the Red Skull said, in a smooth, cold voice that was both eerily familiar and terrifyingly strange.
to listen to Tony, as strong as the instinct to defend him.
All getting to know unfamiliar versions of one another, all with fundamentally different experiences of the universe, brought together at a particular place in a particular reality, that was all...
And it
He did acknowledge that he’d not agonised over her death the way he had Tony’s - he even felt guilty for it. He knew that she deserved more than that. Steve would have hated for her to know that he’d simply not had enough despair left over for her, after everything they’d been through.
when he saw Tony. Steve wasn’t exactly proud of it, but if he was perfectly honest with himself… he
And, of all the answers Tony could’ve come out with, he found himself saying,
It was all over.
On top of which, Tony couldn’t tell Steve what he was consenting
“Can I help?” He whispered, eventually. And Tony sighed another smile, and brought his hand up to the side of Steve’s face, tracing his thumb gently over Steve’s jaw as he answered.
Bucky’s train of thought was briefly disrupted by a vivid memory of Steve, throwing himself into the couch, and moaning,
And he waited, for as long as it took for Steve to break, and look up at him again.
“I was just thinking about that press conference, when you told everyone you were Iron Man…” Steve mused. Tony snorted a self-conscious laugh.
that… did they? Tony didn’t have a lot of first hand experience to go on, but every movie and TV show and novel and news story seemed to show people saying ‘
“...I’m a vampire.”
They were both gone…
The sudden lump in Tony’s throat took him by surprise.
He wished he could remember the exact wording. He still couldn’t believe that he’d forgotten the exact wording – he’d spent long enough agonising over those few short lines.
he began to thrust into him, quickly building to a fast, fluid pace.
accepted. Elected representatives and experts and your own teammates – but you
“Yeah,” Steve nodded. “I don’t know what it is, but I know it’s not that. It’s… It didn’t… It didn’t start when I woke up here, it’s not… It’s not me
, he was still horrified to think of his actions.
“Look, maybe you got into this thing to help people – but what if you were wrong? What if you’ve just been tricked into helping an
to touch him.
Tony was astounded by how quickly they were at the top of the stairs again – just how easily Steve could pull Tony’s weight after him, how fucking
There was other… paraphernalia, set up in little areas through-out the room… Tony might’ve noticed a bath somewhere off to the left, and some sort of… bench, thing, that he didn’t look at for long enough to work out…
“Okay, take a deep breath for me Wesley, you’re doing great,” Tony told him, cynically. But Wesley stopped and took a deep breath anyway. “How many times did this guy call you?”
... Some
And that’s why this was happening.
“Shit.” He hissed, slamming the door closed as he heard someone shout.
And Tony smiled again.
He heard the affectionate smile warm into Tony’s voice as he finished his anecdote, his hand stroking over Steve’s forearm, encouraging him,
“Look, I don’t know anything, and I don’t want any trouble,” Wesley implored helplessly, as Steve strolled right past him and into the living area.
infuriating, and even though it seemed to go on for longer than a few minutes, Steve shut up and let her ramble. He trusted Tony.
“I haven’t had that one yet,” he smiled, gratefully. And then it cooled just a little, before he added, “I got asked whether I thought the Avengers should be on social media…”
But it just didn’t register.
“Fuck, Tony, Jesus Tony, Fuck-” Steve screamed, sounding almost frightened by the sudden onslaught of sensation. Still, Tony could feel that last shred of resolve, the final, desperate attempt to hold back-
can make a moral choice and it’s not only okay, it’s
Saying that out loud felt like ripping a rotten tooth out of his skull. For the time being, he didn’t care how much pain it had caused or even if it had done more harm than good in the long run - he was just overwhelmed with relief that it was over with.
“Oh, Steve, I love you, I am going to love you for the rest of your life,” Tony promised. “I will do everything in my power to keep you safe, and happy, I-”
Go out there and act like Captain America. Ignore the churning guilt, avoid talking about anything personal, focus on getting the job done.
“…I…I don’t think for a second that… that I know how you feel, about… what happened-”
Or that Sam was so completely deadpan in his delivery, so completely,
familiar, more fundamentally ‘right’, than the way he’d done things his whole adult life.
he blame himself, for what had gone wrong between them, before Siberia? Had he really been that insensitive, was he really so unfair, that whole time?
And it wasn’t
you for the details?” Steve huffed, trying not to grit his teeth - faintly aware that he was finding it harder than usual to maintain his professional demeanor, but simply putting it down to the mood he was in.
The elevator doors slid open before he could yell anything obscene about it.
But as he watched Steve’s face… He didn’t know what it was. Whether it was the drugs, or the release of all this tension, or everything he’d just found out. But, suddenly, after all these years trying in vain to guess what Steve was thinking…He just felt like he understood him so well, now.
Steve nodded again, his mind focussing on the word
He counted to three, probably too quickly - but, as luck would have it, by the time he peaked around the corner again, the courtyard was deserted.
...He should probably go.
“...And, to be honest, what happened to my parents… and all that stuff about time travel… That’s still very much ‘What The Actual Fuck’. I don’t really know what I think about any of that, and I’m sure I probably do have lots of questions and things to say or whatever - but it’s not like any of that matters-”
This particular revelation had come to him at some point in the previous evening, once the wall of panicked thoughts and constant effort of denial had finally worn him down. Exhausted, and miserable, and still suffering from the most intense post-orgasm shame in history, he’d finally accepted that he had to
…Oh yeah.
“Of course you don’t.”
...Tony was sure this was usually a
That tension eased another notch, the thaw finally reaching his ribs. He took a deeper, more comfortable breath before he carried on.
not even an Avenger,” Pepper commented, taking another large swig from her water glass. “I don’t know why
“I like myself more when I’m around you too.”
He hated himself for it, but it just sort of happened - a particularly pitiable,
,” he implored, not even looking at her – already scanning Steve’s appointment calendar for the afternoon. “External Comms Meeting?” He hissed, incredulous, when he saw that there was no location, or contact, or…
look on his face… Tony could see the little flicker behind his eyes, the subtle crease of concern above his brow – all the thoughts that Tony
“Oh, we know,” Tony answered, perfectly cheerfully “It’s just, if anyone looks back to the security footage of this in the next few minutes, we want it to look as though we were just chatting to you about something else when you passed out.”
like this…
love me like this…”
Steve’s body stayed relaxed for him, his hips lifting ever so slightly – all he could manage.
Oh, if he’d missed something…
The sharp,
But it was such a vivid idea, and Steve
“Okay, fine.” She huffed, and then pointed impatiently at the device in his hand. “So, enter the co-ordinates then.”
Performing a lumbar puncture on someone who refuses pain relief is a huge personal responsibility – but it does at least have a sobering effect.
have it. They partnered with us and everything. And that was, I don’t know, a few years ago? Not
to look into Steve’s past, or his physiology, without his consent.
, so… serious. And Steve suddenly felt it – how
Wanda had stopped mid word, her lips still parted, her brow beginning to furrow in confusion.
He knew, just a few moments earlier, it had all seemed to important…
I could understand really easily…
hadn’t been there in New York, then that nuke would’ve gone off, and all those people would’ve died. There was no one else that could’ve – that would’ve thought of… And, I’m not saying I did nothing. I just know that, if I hadn’t been there… You’d have made it work, somehow. As long as
of his shit… A little sister he’d been fiercely protective of, and passionately proud of, and whose company he’d genuinely enjoyed…
about enjoying it, for the moment. So, excuse him if he was going to…
“Well, all of these systems
He fought to hold back a pleading whimper as that excitement grew more rapidly.
, I just had the most wonderful night of my life, and it’s really made me think that something could be better. Or, of course, there’s the chance that I just have the best night of my life… and that’s it. Or, maybe I just had the best night of my life, and the price is going to be suffering so much more for the next few centuries...” he trailed off, running out of energy.
, at least. So, he did his best to make it that bit easier, even while he pushed on with this thing he knew Tony would find it hard to listen to. This thing he knew he had to do.
Maybe, if Steve saw him all the time, he could
“Well, some things,” Steve remembered… he liked remembering… “She made great pastry – yes, Captain America’s mom made great apple pie,” and he paused, so that Tony could laugh again. “And, to be fair to her –
“...So, am I supposed to see something now?” Steve asked, still looking at the stalk in his hands.
himself to stay still. He’d given up on that after two and a half hours… and since then the concept of bedtime was just sort of… fading from his reality…
- and that was okay.
It seemed to go on
Steve pulled Tony in to kiss him, harsh and deep and deliberately
“They didn’t really tell me anything when I first took the serum, and I probably didn’t ask enough questions, and to be honest, I don’t think they really knew themselves… and I’m… I’m just sorry that I didn’t tell you this sooner,” he assured, a pleading edge on his voice, “I just… Didn’t really know what to tell you. And I thought maybe if I looked into it first, it would be easier. I finally asked to see all the files, because I wanted to read them before I told you any of this… Not that there was really much in there, but I just thought…” Steve stopped himself with an impatient sigh. And then he gathered himself, bravely, squaring his shoulders before he went for the big finish, “but the truth is that I still don’t really know what I am, and I don’t know how it could affect you, or…
that – right now, at least-
He didn’t even know what he was bracing for - but he wasn’t prepared to see such kindness in Tony’s expression.
And then Steve’s fingers, opening him up again, the little rivets of sensation sharper now, more urgent.
- and the thought of hurting a friends feelings was about the only thing that could tug a social response from Steve, at that point.
sexually frustrated – maybe he was confusing lust with something more meaningful…
“Oh, uh, those are a failed attempt at a responsive chemical defensive system,” Tony breathed a laugh. “The whole theory was flawed, as it turned out – but I liked them, so I kept them,” he shrugged, and Steve grinned.
in himself… somehow more sure of what he was thinking, and what he wanted… How it all worked.
, Steve really understood what had driven Tony to have that rant anyway. The wonderful part of Tony’s very nature that pushed him to love like that, to want love, to want to fight for it, in spite of everything. The brave little part of him that wouldn’t be dismissed…
“When did you fuck Sam?” Steve frowned at him.
“Oh, wait,” Steve realised. “I was at a bar with Pepper and Nat, and Rhodey came running up to us… I don’t think he said anything about Bruce Hulking out, though…”
, in the interest of avoiding any pointless planning on your part, you should know that we’re able to disable the arm remotely, so there is no point relying on that either.”
Rhodes does in battle, I’d probably end up flying face first into a wall.”
Was this one of those things he’d always been afraid of - one of those things that he might actually like? After all these years of fighting so hard against it, could it really be that Tony
No… the more that dawned on him, the less he liked it.
Tony swallowed, greedily, desperate for the taste of him – that euphoria blooming up in him again, momentarily overwhelming the hunger…
A treacherous heat flooded Steve’s face, as the threat of tears almost overwhelmed him again. He didn’t know what to call this feeling. It was a relief and affirmation that cut deep enough to be painful; a level of exposure that was freeing and terrifying and horribly raw.
, and I don’t know if I’ve made a huge mistake in coming here, or if I’m doing something terrible to you, and I’m sorry. I’m sorry I can’t do more than say that. I would say more, if I could just…” But she broke off into her own frustration, clearly unable to find the words. Very carefully, Steve put a hand on her shoulder.
Tony sighed at himself. He gave his head a shake, and forced himself to focus on the task in front of him. He hastily gathered the last few papers within easy grabbing distance, and pushed them into an already over-full file box. His legs winced as he stood up to retrieve the lid for it, easing into a pleasant throb as he settled into his feet.
, he was-
Rarely, there were even times when he felt some control over his spiralling thoughts. Those few times when he had been to explain what he was thinking, or listened to what Steve was telling him, or remembered a better way of thinking about things and actually managed to see it through… It didn’t happen often, but it felt like something of a victory that it ever happened at all.
…But he was.
Oh, no, no, no.
worried about this mission going wrong.
the way his body pulled towards Steve - he liked giving into it. It felt natural and comfortable and
Tony had been running from this for almost half his life.
“We call this a soft room” Maribelle explained, as they all carefully stepped across the springy floor.
“But then I spoke to Captain Rogers,” she carried on. “And… I think he’s lonely, too. I think he feels very different from everyone else, and I think he’s looking for the sort of answers that you could give him… I thought he’d value the way you see people. It seemed to me that he was really looking for that… And he was the first person I’d spoken to in
But then,
He felt Tony grind into him, a fierce growl echoing from low in his chest, another searing thrill running up along Steve’s spine. Steve choked out a startled sob, as a sharp heat twisted low in his gut, his cock stinging as he carried on coming, soaking the sheets. And then Tony buried himself inside Steve, he legs still rocking against him as he came.
...But he did know that one.
don’t’ have a head-ache.” Tony clarified, glancing at the notes on his file reader again anyway.
“You ever wonder how many people’s nightmare’s you’re in, Wanda?”
them. Like they were just two of hundreds of anonymous clients he saw every day. Like Steve meant
is – I think I was so desperate to keep you on that team, and
“No, it’s just that… The company bought this building, after the fall of SHIELD, and… a few other resources,” Stape explained, awkwardly. “Some of the medical research. And, look, I know Hydra was an evil organisation. I’ve not spoken to anyone here who doesn’t know that. But….
, the Nazi’s, and the occupation of SHIELD, and… there was me. ‘
“So, yeah, you ready?” Tony muttered, glancing over to his equipment and then back to Bucky. And Bucky just grinned, and put his feet up on the examination table, and stretched out.
into it-
way something I invented could’ve caused an accident that killed a person who was meant to do a thing on this planet, or something?”
And –
And Steve blinked at him, and there was a stab of panic as Tony realised just how bad that had sounded.
Tony just looked at Steve for a moment, while a thousand thoughts clamoured for his attention, struggling to be the idea that shouted louder than the rest-
know immediately when it was right to kill, and he had no doubt he’d act on it…
He felt like a devout man who had suddenly lost all faith in God. The worst part was that he still wanted to be angry at God, that he had to keep correcting his own internal logic - that he didn’t know what to correct it to. He’d relied on this unspoken understanding for so long that he’d forgotten where it had even come from.
Tony frowned at it for a few seconds, enjoying his interest in this diversion.
“No,” Tony answered, with a shake of his head. “No, now I think maybe it’s okay to not feel everything you think, 100% of the time. Maybe it’s okay to feel unsure of the things you’re sure of… Maybe it takes time to break a habit that the entire world has worn into you - but that doesn’t mean you aren’t doing it. That doesn’t mean the moment you
know you’re never going to be able to sit there and watch someone die.”
There was an aimless, philosophical musing about where the morality was in that… where the moral debates were, even… Whether that compliance made him a nice guy, or just kind of a doormat, actually...
Feeling so it love that he was terrified, frozen inside himself and
…It felt like it should probably be really bad. In terms of his mental habits, and his hardwired responses…Well, he could immediately think what his panic
But it was too late.
“But… You were always so aware of everything I was doing,” he muttered in Bucky’s general direction, “And, if I ever could get you to agree to a general anaesthetic, Captain Rogers was right there the entire time…”
Oh, Tony knew he shouldn’t even entertain this idea. He knew he’d be lost forever, if he gave that little voice the slightest chance…
have forced on him…
was… But he was quite obviously less coordinated and controlled than he would usually be. Steve could already tell that whatever he was about to say would be at least partly the drugs talking-
But he wasn’t sorry for running to Steve’s rescue today.
“Oh, uh, yeah,” Tony replied, breaking into a grin again as he remembered Bruce’s remarkably capable performance.
“Steve,” Tony spoke very gently from behind Steve’s shoulder - and immediately a wave of physical relief rolled up along his spine.
bit as responsible for that as he was,” Steve replied-
He looked at Tony, because he could feel Tony looking at him.
He couldn’t say,
Steve let his eyes grow heavier, his body sinking deeper into the warmth of Tony.
, might not turn out to be the best course of action.
“No, Steve,” Tony smiled, warmly, reaching over to place a hand over his. “That’s not what I was saying, really. It
“You can shut up,” Bucky told him, casually. “You know that makes you the Igor here, right?”
“I… I’m glad,” he croaked, eventually – not sure if he could blush any more than he was.
was what Tony wouldn’t like, right? For Steve to sit here and think about…Tony biting him…
...Oh yeah, that conversation he’d been right in the middle of.
…But it didn’t help that Obie had something so much like that, before doing something that was so undeniably, unforgivably
He thought of kissing Steve. He imagined the warmth of Steve’s lips and the firm press of Steve’s hands against his back-
…Wait.
Just that it was
of him, of really
...It was a mantra that was wearily familiar, after the last few days.
...Which is how Steve found himself walking over to Tony before he remembered that he didn’t know what to say when he got there.
It felt familiar, burying his feelings like that. He knew, even as he was doing it, that he’d done it so many times before, and that it was killing him…
of something. He didn’t know what to call that feeling… Like everything, it just sort of washed over him, without any analysis… But unlike everything else, those memories got a reaction. They made his skin pleasantly warm. They made him smile, and unconsciously put his arms around himself. He could fall into those memories, for endless minutes at a time, before he snapped himself out of it and back into… nothing at all, really.
Steve barked, bucking his hips, grabbing at Tony’s hair-
Now that he’d used up all his adrenaline, and wasn’t able to flinch away from it so forcefully, Tony found himself thinking that these weren’t the eerie,
stared at him rather rudely, when they first walked in. That he had said, somewhat bluntly,
He poured himself a glass of water while he waited for his coffee to brew, and was pleasantly surprised by how instantly soothing it was. For a few moments, he found he really
Instead, he answered with a smile that didn’t reach his eyes and sank to perch on the bench next to Bucky, nodding an acknowledgement to the rest of the group as Sam took a seat opposite him.
But now that he’d thought of it, the idea was going to nag. In fact, now that he’d recognised it, he seemed to be getting hungrier by the second-
“Have a great time,” Tony added. “I love you.”
was happy that things had worked out the way they did.
“A different
“No! No, no, I’m just an operations guy-”
“Oh, you probably don’t even remember it…” Tony muttered with a self-conscious shake of his head. “But… Well, I appreciated it, anyway.”
However nervous it made him, however unlike him it was, however much he might later regret it, Tony knew the right response was,
And then, once that immediate task had been completed, a little part of his brain was freed to think back to the cabinet he’d just opened…
carefully, and slipping it into the pocket on the inside of his jacket. “I, uh, probably should’ve thought to ask for some of that, actually. Sorry – this is all kind of new on me…”
, by the chip we added – like, literally by the physical intrusion of it…” And then Tony paused, and shook his head, and reminded himself that Bucky probably wasn’t interested in theory, right now. “But, the point is, this means that a) we’ve probably found the problem, which saves any more exploratory surgery and b) the problem happens to be in an accessible place, so that should make fixing it much easier.”
And then Steve looked up at him, his lips full and dark, his eyes impossibly blue…
Steve paused, standing in the middle of the room, and turned to consider Pierce for a second.
That heat coiled more sharply. His lips curled into a darker smile as his cock stirred… But he decided to leave those ideas until he could really indulge in them - maybe even until he could share them with Steve.
Steve’s body tensed in shock, as the whole story came back to him in one rush of images.
the problem?
And he watched Tony part his lips, that little shuddering breath he took-
At which point Tony turned to direct
At least once, it occurred to him that daydreaming about Steve sucking his cock was probably an inappropriate response. That he should probably be more anxious about those memories, that there should be other things that he was thinking about instead…
But I really hope you enjoy it!
This was potentially going to be an emotional morning for Steve, whether he woke up feeling bathed in love or woke up with doubts of his own. Either way, he’d
to say it… then it was hard…”
…And the world just seemed to roll from under him-
…But, no… There actually
But, oh, that little flash of defiance in Tony’s eyes.
“Please Tony, don’t.” He whispered… His hands finding their way to Tony’s ribs entirely of their own accord… “You don’t have to be sorry – you were right. You had every right to be hurt by what I did, you had every right to say it – I’m
Steve let his head fall back again, as Tony pulled away from him, content to let the world exist at a distance for a few moments. He was vaguely aware of the mattress moving beneath him as Tony shifted his weight, and the gentle encouragement of Tony’s palm on his knee, guiding him to move his leg…
, he could
wasn’t thinking of containing the situation, or helping the injured man on the floor - it was only because he wanted to comfort Steve.
“You didn’t,” Steve replied, trying to sound nonchalant – and failing. “You wanted to know what he’s like, so… he’s nice.” He admitted, awkwardly. “He’s smart. He seems pretty normal.”
Captain America, apparently. And then Steve had strolled into the lab in
...Something stirred beneath Steve’s skin. A recognition and a longing, both physical and emotional... Like hunger pains triggered by a familiar taste…
And then his phone rang.
And Tony just let himself kiss Steve - as greedily and as shamelessly as he always wanted to, his hands grabbing more roughly at the curves of Steve’s body.
to focus on the mission, however fuzzy his head felt.
he say?” Sam asked with a shrug.
Tony breathed a kind laugh, squeezing Steve’s knee gently before he answered.
“I have no idea, and lets just go anyway”
Well, several, probably – it felt like there were
“They’re on their way, sir.” JARVIS confirmed, cheerfully.
This was the moment it hit him.
, even if it
enigmatically emerge from the shadows…”
“But… I mean, only you can say how you feel about it…” Steve prompted – trying not to get his hopes up.
by someone worse – but me, I’m judged by what I could have done. The times I wasn’t
…He liked this.
“...I said ‘hey’?” Nat frowned… but that tone was still there. That simmer of irritation, pulling beneath the actual words.
Pepper was everything she said she was when Tony first asked her to move in with him - and more. Everything any person would want.
, and-
wanted to make that part of the plan with you. I wanted to make sure you were a part of everything, this time… But, however we do it, I just don’t see how we’re going to be able to do it any faster. But hey, if we can, then great…” He finished with a shy flourish.
He’d spent the last few days in a state of constant, queasy anxiety. Listing all the reasons that this was such a bad idea. Trying not to think about it. Trying to come up with a way to get out of it. Asking himself why he’d agreed to it in the first place. And round and round the cycle went, until he felt physically, bodily exhausted with it. Until – he
“I love you,” he whispered, and leant in and kissed him once, very softly.
A change in the light, something that made everything seem clearer and brighter and more real.
And when he thought of himself, consumed by anxiety because of a physical urge to ‘take care of Steve’, or pacing the halls of the Tower in anticipation of Steve moving in, or that instant, dizzying attraction he’d felt the second he laid eyes on him…
“Do you know how they’re being enslaved?” Steve went on – and Maribelle blinked, and just looked at him for a second.
At last, he’d realised what that meant.
“Yeah, well, next logical step in my illustrious career,” Wesley bit back, his eyes still averted.
answer. He was simply looking for something he could say quickly, something that would placate Rhodey while Tony finished making his plans-
The picture of the woman in the lace bodysuit - although that one looked far less sexual in nature. More like an illustration from a Victorian women's magazine.
And the words, they weren’t enough, they weren’t big enough or harsh enough or nasty enough to express this passion surging up in him-
Nope. Not doing it to himself.
“No, I mean…” Tony stopped him, kindly “I mean I’m glad you told me that, is all.”
“And I’ve got to go,” he sighed. Steve just stepped aside, amiably, thinking that he’d wait for Bucky to leave before he had another go at constructing a plan for the day. And then, just as he reached the top of the stairs, Bucky looked back at him. “You going to be okay?”
uncover the encrypted files about their Tesseract research?” Again, Steve nodded. “But it
“Well, I do,” Steve smiled, “although it would be pretty hard to explain it.”
With that, everything had intensified to the point that it lost all meaning.
…Oh, this wasn’t at all like Tony thought it would be.
A heaviness that he felt strangely distant to – like he could feel it happening to someone else, miles below him.
Steve. That low growl that had been pushed into the background by all these other neurosis and panics… but had never gone away. The part of him that had wanted to call Steve back just so that he could touch him.
somewhat nostalgic. Tony even recognised the petulant expression that started to form when Galileo directed them to take their seats - first Rhodey, then Tony, then Pepper, then Nat, then Bruce… It wasn’t until he was in his place, looking down on the rest of the room, that Tony realised how exposed this arrangement left them - how much harder it would be to talk to one another, sitting in a line like this…
didn’t know why he liked Tony, or what he wanted from Tony, or what to call this attraction he felt to him-
He wanted to touch that soft, dark hair. He’d wanted to do that for
He let go of a little breath that he didn’t know he was holding. He could hear it echoing in the space between them.
And Steve came. Hard.
“Come on,” he grinned. “You won’t be giving any speeches to anyone if we never get out of here.”
This fell outside of all of it.
“Well, I’d like it if it was two,” Steve smiled. “But, realistically speaking… it’s going to take that long to get everything we need to take care of Bucky, and actually plan that mission…”
overwhelmed Tony first, washing over him like bathwater as Steve wrapped his arms across his back, and buried his head in Tony’s hair, and breathed him in.
about it all… which I think is a whole other thing… And I think there are parts I do feel bad for… Even though, honestly, I’m still pleased it turned out like this. I mean, if I’m really honest – if you offered me the chance the go back and change something,
So far, that presentation had included a very detailed explanation of
...If it
The good news is that I expect things to get back to normal at work thereafter - but, as it happens, I have a two week holiday coming up after that, so I don't really care 😆
carefully.
to hold Steve responsible for everything that had happened – for every consequence someone
And he
,” Tony hissed, not even sure where the words were coming from.
His scientific curiosity sparked into life, setting off that familiar chain of thoughts –
be true. And I’m sorry for my part in it – and for spending so long only thinking about your part of it, on its own.”
“She keeps talking to that blonde guy.” Tony whispered “Maybe we should speak to him. We’ll have more luck with him than with his boss”
…Not,
For a few seconds he was too frantic to know what the hell Steve was doing, and by the time he’d worked out how to beg for him again, Steve had pressed a firm, reassuring palm to the small of Tony’s back…
Other Steve were to just wake up in a carefully selected, sparsely populated town on the icy shores of Northern Canada, with no memory of the crash or how the hell he acquired the new white suit or the cryptic message... Yeah, there would be questions. Steve was sure his younger self would be confused about what happened, that he would always wonder. And obviously, his superiors would probably never stop investigating…
matter, Tony” Steve whispered, his voice rougher and more urgent now, “You
let Steve take that risk?
Just long enough to work out what the hell was going on.
“...No I don’t-” Steve said again.
“I’m good, thanks,” Steve replied. He heard Bucky huff a little laugh,
But he didn’t know what he really felt. Not in words.
Reciting all the mantras he’d used to calm himself in the lead up to this moment,
feel better about dying on this planet because I got to try this,” he made one last attempt to push it toward Steve, who just scowled at him.
Tony quietly picking his way through the debris of the night before, tidying away the half empty water glasses and balled up tissues before Steve woke up…
feel normal again-
When he’d started this, it had been so much more knowing, more cerebral… more FOCUSed, maybe. Maybe that was it… But he’d started off thinking of this as some sort of closure. Whatever he’d said to Steve about it not meaning
When, at last, Steve was forced to throw his head back and take a frantic gulp of air, Tony could hear the tension in it - like piano wire pulled to snapping point. He tightened his grip a little, working over the head of Steve’s cock in shorter, rougher motions - waiting until he felt Steve’s back brace before he whispered,
And Tony found himself just having to respond to each question as it came, focusing on whatever thoughts happened to crop up.
If he had any thought on the issue at all, it was only that it was actually quite inconvenient-
And he had always accepted that premise. Without any analysis, or even any real awareness… He’d
.” Steve informed her, very seriously.
And then Tony was imagining it.
“Tony, Tony, Tony,” Steve moaned, like a prayer, with every snap of his hips. He grabbed Tony’s ass roughly, spreading him wider, fucking him deeper, hitting his prostate every time. Tony could feel it all the way up to his throat, pushing up against his ribs and throbbing in his legs. God, it was so much. It just kept going, building beyond what was already impossible, better and better
think you have to do it on your own.”
here for a while. Steve glanced up at the clock, and winced. Twenty minutes. That was really late.
Steve threw open the first two cabinets, scanning only for the colour yellow. Nope. Next.
“Oh… I, uh, I have no idea...” Steve stammered as a filler sentence.
“Oh my God, I’m so sorry” She gasped – obviously trying not to smile. And Tony just laughed, positively
“Oh God Steve, that was incredible, you are incredible…” Tony babbled, barely aware he was doing it – using most of his focus to try and push himself up, even though his arms were still trembling. And then Steve dropped down to kiss him again, hard and deep and possessive, gripping Tony by the waist. Tony felt another low ache, another jagged spike of desire even as his body struggled to recover.
Because Tony said so.
Tony realised that the girl’s parents were probably in that group somewhere – or, at least someone she wanted to know she’d done good…
. A little tug from somewhere deep in his hips, a shiver that seemed to run under his muscles. And yeah, it was without question the hottest damn thing Steve had
And he could now.
This time the structural integrity of the room held up, the reinforced steel groaning back into its natural state as the wild swinging of the punching bag began to slow.
, and you
And, God, the dizzying freedom of
he drank Steve’s blood. This wasn’t
be doing, and remember that you’re encouraged to request
Tony buried his head in Steve’s neck, caressing his hands over his back as he breathed him in-
“…Think of it from their point of view?” Steve pressed.
Back then, Tony was just worried that
, not like this-
Tony anything.
, even when I was so angry at you and so hurt and so confused, I always knew I loved you. That I was still
Tony made use of the pause by taking a few heavy steps over to a nearby armchair, and falling into it with a groan.
And then Tony’s hands were on him, all over him, clawing him closer.
. As awful as all this was, part of him actually liked it.
, until it was like Tony’s whole body was alight with a constant current of sensation… that ache growing sharper and more urgent with every push and twist of Steve’s fingers. He felt Steve push a third finger into him, that little edge of extra stretch and burn crawling up inside him, oh, so good, but still not enough,
Sam or Clint what they
God, it was nice just to
held Steve to a different standard to everyone else in his life – even while he was mad at Steve for doing that to him. That he’d come to think of Steve as unfathomable, unpredictable, outside the realms of analysis and understanding… because of all those questions,
“…She didn’t specify.”
He would be good for Tony.
“Clint isn’t here.”
And then he thought back to that morning. Waking up in Tony’s bed and running through the details with him, and that feeling that they were really in this together…
voice, and Steve realised,
a long time, Tony finally spoke.
had happened.
And he had to keep
He just looked so much like all of the things that Steve loved about him – that spark of genius, that childlike playfulness, that irrepressible spirit… all in that one beautiful smile.
And another, and another, a horrible cascade of images all falling into place, making sense of something he hadn’t known he knew…
“Why?” Tony breathed, sounding so genuinely baffled, so… overwhelmed – and Steve wanted to stop to take that in, but he
“Well, that’s the thing - I already know that there’s no place on earth it would be safe to keep them locked up,” Steve confessed. “
He felt more awake now.
He was
He decided that he’d done quite enough self-discovery for one day - and, actually, he was quite pleased with himself, thank you very much. He was sure, whatever happened, he’d be glad that he’d finally crossed this Rubicon. He was sure that it really
Steve, and he wanted to be with him forever. That much he knew.
But still, Tony felt obliged to ask.
a stupid plan.
…The reason it was so hastily typed.
, it was heart breaking. It left Steve feeling weak at the very core of him, immediately tearful…
Whether the temper tantrum was justified was irrelevant. He still always wished he hadn’t had one.
want rest by now… that he probably needed it.
“Yeah…” Tony nodded, as his mind raced ahead to a thousand other questions and possibilities and hypotheses…
that he was doing something wrong, that there was something he was missing...
He could hit him.
“…There must be some sort of interface system, for this…” He mused to himself. And Steve smiled, softly,
And then his eyes met Freddie’s, a warmth focusing his features, like he’d found something genuinely interesting-
“Oh, God, Tony,” Steve breathed, his voice catching as he pushed into him, “
Tony’s dreamy expression pinched in interest, as he began filtering through all the different bonds and dynamics that appeared in nature, wondering which ones fit, and to what extent.
“Well, not like
What his reality was.
Saw this whole alternative view of his life… this world in which he could just be a part of something, where he was allowed to be human, and happy…
Panting heavily, Tony broke away. A wave of giddiness flooded through him, his limbs turning to water in Steve’s arms – it took him a few deep, deliberate breaths before he could manage to speak,
A wave of dizziness rolled through his head, stars exploding behind his eyes as his recent exertion caught up with him… He took a few long, slow breaths, trying to calm the spirited thrumming in his chest.
“He’s fine, he’s good - everything works perfectly, the vital signs are all good,” he assured, walking over to the couch. “And I’m fine, I’m good… Just… you know…” and he threw his arms out in a wide, theatrical gesture,
to focus on all the things he liked about it, rather than the void he’d feel once it was gone.
And, oh, Steve was just so happy.
At some point, he’d been ground down by the fruitless, circular attempts to work out which of his impulses were alarming and which were just perfectly human. In the end, he’d accepted it all as ‘how he felt’-
So, he tilted his head up, and put every ounce of affection, and elation, and admiration into a kiss.
“Oh, we used to do this all the time in the forties,” came out straighter that Steve had intended, purely because he was nervous – but that only seemed to make Tony laugh more.
“... I don’t know what the hell my life is going to look like in ten years time… or a hundred,” Steve accepted, sadly. “And I don’t know what this bond is, or how it works, or how it would change either of us. And I’m sorry. If I’d known any of this before I was already in it - if I’d known what the hell I was talking about, ever…”
“....Because otherwise everyone’s walls would be covered in writing?”
Anyway, Happy Easter to those that celebrate, and I hope you enjoy the update!
Immediately, it soothed some of the panic gathered in Steve’s chest. A little smile even managed to break through, as he marvelled at the way Tony’s mind worked...
okay for it to have changed things, hearing Steve say that he’d always loved him.
narrative…that he was just beginning to really understand… something he could
In the end, it came out as an awkward sort of compromise.
“Well, there’s that…” Tony grinned. “But there’s also the fact that - it would’ve been much easier to meet up, a whole bunch of times, if we’d had somewhere safe to
And, of course, Nick froze.
Tony just looked at her, incredulous, baffled that she wasn’t able to see the seriousness of this and somewhat frightened that he might have to
And feeling him there… realising that Steve
There was still that general panic of
“Because my brother is
to say something?” Tony clarified, ever more confused. And then he followed that mundane human instinct to share his incredulity, glancing behind him to throw an unimpressed smirk at Rhodey.
“To begin with, I really am a doctor, and a neurologist,” Dr Stape explained, not quite able to look at either of them. “And I never meant either of you any harm, and I wouldn’t have agreed to cause you any harm. I… I admit, the company perhaps exaggerated my experience
Tony had never been kissed by someone who loved him like this.
Steve smiled a thank you, and allowed himself to like that thought for a couple of seconds… until his mind drifted into familiar territory.
“...They’re still going to see us long before we get there,” Sam frowned.
it, right at the core of him… And that one might have simply been a reaction to hearing something so sweet from the man he loved.
The nervousness in him, because he’d spent his whole life being doubted and criticised and told he wasn’t good enough, betrayed and belittled by the people closest to him…
“Actually, I brought you here so we could
And Tony’s first thought was that, okay, he’s thought of something. Apparently, at some point, Tony had done something with a Post It that had pissed Steve off, and he’d just thought of it. He even scrabbled to think of what Steve was talking about – but then Steve went on.
“Duly noted,” he said instead, waving a goodbye as Bucky strolled out the door again.
And then, as his body and the bag began to quieten, Steve heard the echo of one single thought.
broken it.
a bad idea,
“Wesley, buddy,” Tony sighed, after a few seconds. “I’ve gotta ask you, are you
But, of course, S
Now, all the things it made sense of were just more things to feel awful about.
. Someone who was annoyed over the same injustices as he was, who hated the same people as him.
Turned out, that was
have been an interesting story, if there had been any further details.
And Tony did a literal double take, and stopped what he was doing, and just looked at Steve for a second.
was why he didn’t socialise…
And there was no nice way to
Should he tell Tony just how much he wanted this, could he reasonably put that extra pressure on him?
one had come from inside his own head… Or if the lute-lele guy was actually singing about the inside of his head…
On the rare occasions that he’d dared to try for something more than a one night stand, for those rare people he believed he had the chance to build something with, it had always been Tony doing the chasing. It had always been him promising to move heaven and earth, offering to change any part of himself - whether he was able to see that through or not - for anyone who might
But at least in this room, he could drop his eyes and wait for Nick to get to something he
Steve – but strong enough to have given Captain America pause, apparently.
And then, of course, he realised… That was exactly what Steve was talking about…
And he couldn’t think of a single thing he wanted to do with it.
files on the master project, or the main project, or the priority project – and if nothing matches that, load all research files and reports.” Tony winced that last part, like he wasn’t sure if he was pushing his luck “Right side of the left wall”
Frozen there, as he realised…
knowing that Steve was responsible for this.
. That maybe all the songs and movies and greetings cards about romance weren’t overselling it all this time, that maybe sometimes it really
And then it was like Tony had decided to do exactly that.
“Why, you need the opinion of a volatile, self-obsessed narcissist for something?” Tony snapped back, still more focused on slowing his heartbeat-
And suddenly just…
He’d never wanted any of those things, specifically - he’d only ever wanted Steve. Those might have been the images he chose to represent it, but only because they were loaded as a default. All he really cared about was sharing a life with Steve, he didn’t actually have his heart set on any other detail, he didn’t
“JARVIS, how long has it been since I hung up on Steve?” he asked, impatiently.
somehow.
And, you know what?
Bucky felt the same spike of adrenaline as he might get on a battlefield. That specific feeling of hearing a twig snap, or seeing a shadow move… the instinctive awareness that something was about to happen, that there was something he
And then he felt Tony push inside him.
His whole body tensed as he watched Tony shift to face him, leaning closer to him as Tony raised his free hand… the nervousness melting away as he placed it against Steve’s chest, and then let it settle there…
that Steve felt it, that he knew it was right, that he understood…
Oh, the sound of his voice
“Did you find anything out?” He asked instead. His coping mechanism of choice. Focus on the mission, the fight he could be sure about, the role he knew how to play in any circumstances… It wasn’t the comfort it once was. It was a routine that had become more and more difficult, more cumbersome, as the years had gone on, like a pair of shoes he’d outgrown or an old car that had been run into the ground… This used to work, it used to fit… and he couldn’t say what day exactly he’d lost hold of even this, but he knew now. It wasn’t that simple, really. He couldn’t
…He wanted to tell Steve
thing holding Tony back was how much he wanted to watch Steve writhe on his fingers like this.
-would have been nice, wouldn’t it?
remember the words Captain America used to sidestep emotional moments like this… but he felt like he was being asked to read a statement written in a foreign language. Like he recognised some of the actual phrases, but had no real idea how they fit together, or how they sounded to his audience, or where a slip of the tongue might change the meaning…
“The world
“I swear.” And he glanced across the table. Andrew had fallen asleep, his head resting on his fist, and Steve was blushing slightly, a strange look on his face…
higher…
The incredible feeling of
It had the strange effect of soothing Steve’s anger and stoking it, all at once.
He wasn’t sure he’d be able to lie to Tony’s face.
Steve’s chest clenched in panic, and he immediately wanted to take it back, to apologise - but no words came out.
raft of memories came back to him-
“Yeah, of course I am” Steve frowned… which then softened into a sad smile, as he realised “…I’m sorry I never said that, before. I didn’t… well, I still don’t really understand what that loss meant, really. If I’m being honest. But I know it was one, and, yeah, thinking about it, I should have said…”
The somewhat distant observation that it
Tony fell into it with him, his head swimming as he was overwhelmed by that bright, warm bliss…
had that much money. There probably wasn’t even that much money in all the world…” And he glanced down at Tony – who looked far more relaxed now that they were talking about how unfair his wealth was, than he had when they were talking about how advanced his intellect was…
“Renovation of one of the wings,” Steve corrected casually. “New IT system, new exhibits - just trying to get some additional publicity out of the thing, I think.”
– that he was close. Tony could see Steve blushing from a foot behind him.
He remembered trying to figure out if she was making a joke.
Tony didn’t work that out until he crashed heavily against Steve’s chest, his legs giving way completely as his weight collapsed against Steve’s body-
It was all he could do to get a hold of Tony now; his movements were so erratic and determined and frenetic. Tony’s hands were all over him, groping at his shoulders and his arms and his chest and his hips, kissing every inch of Steve that he could reach. Steve clawed at Tony’s back just as desperately,  panting for breath, rocking his hips up against Tony’s. Indulging in that friction without even knowing he was doing it, unable to distinguish that pleasure from all the other sensations running through him,
some of this…
He knew that something strange and unknown was happening to him, and that he had to deal with it, however inconvenient that was.
felt like you were…
Ah, yes. Tony remembered. The big meeting with the Vice President's new committee – probably entirely pointless, but not something Steve could just walk out of…
so jarring, now. It felt slightly more natural, when he wasn’t pretending the warm feeling in his stomach wasn’t there – when he didn’t have to force it into a theory that was patently false.
that Tony had said yes, feeling giddy at the thought of actually getting to do this… accepting this reaction, as if it was the most normal thing in the world…
be good enough. Even though I know I’ve messed it all up so badly, and I could never expect you to forgive me… If you’re willing to give me a chance, I promise, I can be good enough, for you”
“Okay,” Steve smiled.
Tony, please yes, ple-
Well, he was supposed to carry on walking past the windows. But apparently the sun had set since he last hit this checkpoint, meaning the glass was dark enough for him to catch his reflection - and that was enough to stop him in his tracks.
And he couldn’t explain it, and he couldn’t rationalise it – and he couldn’t deny it.
And that,
Steve blinked, and focused his eyes on the spot where she’d been standing – and then immediately scanned the rest of the room. The nearest exit was at least a hundred feet away, so she’d either teleported out of the bar, or else she was a lot quicker than she looked…
A hot flush of shame ran up his spine. He’d never done this, in all the time he’d been hidden away. He’d touched himself, of course he had, but only because that bodily, sexual tension became too much to bear. A functional process, designed to meet a purely physical need. He had always relied on generic images, basic fantasy scenarios… some of which might’ve started to look more like Steve, in the last few weeks… But Tony had never inserted
And Steve didn’t know which reaction to have.
And then he felt the hot press of Tony’s tongue, flat against the bite, and an immediate rush of dizziness.
And it just felt so
And then he strolled right on by and through to the kitchen, hoping he could maybe pause the mess of words for a few moments if he focused on making himself a coffee.
What he wanted and what he felt and what that said about him… Steve couldn’t work up the enthusiasm to care about any of that, right now. Not now that he’d started thinking about Tony –
The next kiss was rougher, infused with a whole new level of desperation. Steve sucked at the tender flesh at the hinge of Tony’s jaw,
thought I’d have to convince you that I cared about you. And I know that sounds so stupid, after that list of all the things I did, but I just… didn’t think you’d even wonder about that, I didn’t. And God, the idea that it’s actually your
That need in him tightened so sharply that it snapped, flooding his entire body with an immediate, overwhelming release. His arms just fell from under him as he came hard over his own chest, leaving a thick streak over the pillows in front of him – too dazed to wonder why he hadn’t fallen flat on his face. He wasn’t aware of anything but that relief rolling through him, his hips jerking back mindlessly as he tried to ride through this sensation.
Steve smile.
And he would’ve liked to share the burst of enlightenment that came with it - he would’ve liked to share this perfect example of how alike they really were, and how they were both making the same mistakes… He’d have liked to be able to use this as proof of something.
“Hey. Are you okay?” He asked, stepping back to let Tony pass… But Tony didn’t move. He stood rigid on the doorstep, nervously glancing over Steve’s shoulder to scan the living room.
Steve scoffed another drowsy laugh, pulling his jeans up over his hips. And then, as he shrugged into his t-shirt, he really thought about what Bucky was saying…
“...That’s why?” Steve questioned softly, sounding somehow fragile. Tony snapped up to look at him again. “...You… felt something, like that?” Steve clarified-
“No, I… I just figured, it should never have been a letter,” Steve replied sadly. “It just made me think that I really should’ve called you, or… That there were things I should have said. Just that… I’m sorry, this was a really stupid way to start with all this. I’m…bad at this stuff…”
he dismissing the suffering of an entire people, if he acknowledged that it was separate to him? Was it even possible to care about a tragedy, and accept the importance of those hardships, and take the necessary precautions to avoid it happening again, if you didn’t feel that tragedy as your own?
He wanted to look up again, but he couldn’t bare to.
He knew that Tony meant it when he promised to help, and, obviously, he knew how brilliant and resourceful Tony was… But Steve hadn’t had much time to picture what that would really mean. Actually
Steve’s face lit up with the most beautiful smile. Tony felt a sharp tingling in his pit of his stomach, a feeling that was so foreign and so familiar all at once. He remembered this attraction. This simple, immediate reaction to Steve, this physical appreciation of this perfect, pretty form… It had been obscured by anger and hurt and doubt for so long that Tony had become accustomed to an entirely different version of it, a confusing, complicated, shameful copy of it, almost forgetting how it used to be…
Tony snorted a laugh, and made a mental note to tease him back for that, just as soon as he was able to form sentences again - but, really, he already knew.
Steve simply smiled.
For all Steve’s terrifying, supernatural power in this moment,
Tony told himself that wasn’t a good thing… and felt good about it anyway.
Steve did his best to smile while he considered the issues-
“Perfect” Steve breathed, softly.
“Ignore that,” Tony informed her curtly. “
“We figured out what was going on. We found the missing agents – they’ve been through some stuff, but they’re going to be okay. We collected all the evidence we need, we arrested as many bad guys as there were on the premises, we got into a bit of a firefight when it came to taking them in – but I’m
“It’s not that you can’t be angry, or that you’re wrong to get upset,” he started softly, speaking only to Steve - while Bruce spoke to Clint in the same low murmur at the other end of the table, saying something about everyone taking some space, something that Steve couldn’t make out over the buzz of shocked silence.
Tony was a
So, his face still wet with tears, and his chest still trembling, Steve made himself look right at Tony.
“Don’t be sorry baby, it’s okay, I understand. I promise it’s alright.”
But it
“You really
priority… Keeping Tony and Bucky safe.
The light, sparkling feeling of pure, perfect
“Okay,” Tony nodded robotically, his eyes still fixed on Steve Rogers name. “Fly safe.”
than friends.
“We have staff that will help you with that” Belle comforted him. And then there was the slightest flicker of doubt in her eyes. “You’re
, because you don’t know anything about Siberian Super Soldiers – not until we get to the fucking airport, anyway. And then you actually feel bad, for not immediately listening to that clue I threw out in the middle of a combat zone, so you do all the investigating I never gave you the chance to do earlier, and you come to help me, only to find that the whole thing was a trap. Can you imagine how that would
He’d heard it too, then.
“What’s wrong? Why weren’t you here, why are you dressed?” Steve blurted – much to his own surprise. It all just came out in a rush, with no possible place for him to intercept it… And then he saw Tony hesitate slightly, halfway through pushing himself up off of his chair. The way his face flashed in such a relatable, everyday expression of alarm, very briefly-
Of course, he recognised his mistake, even as he was leaning over the water-
He wanted to scream, to beg.
What if he owed Tony more than that?
It took Tony a few queasy, weightless seconds to find the horizon again, to make sense of himself in these entirely new proportions…
And then,
…That he did have
him – but he couldn’t speak. He couldn’t think of any words. He couldn’t even remember the word for
“I’m sorry, have I offended you?” he guessed. And she blinked, bewildered, and then shook her head,
He handed Steve a little paper cup, and a bottle of water.
“No – well,
“Something about alien slaves.” Tony spoke carefully, “and special drug projects-”
Steve snapped up to look at Tony again, a sudden heat running up the back of his neck as he realised the significance… As he recognised Tony’s reaction for what it was.
Tony felt his stomach dip, which he assumed was just anxiety at the thought of facing Pepper…
And then what?
kind of a gesture… And God, he was pretty… “Actually, thinking about it… Maybe it was that Nat made me promise I wouldn’t ever wear sweatshirts…”
This moment, standing mute and frozen in the face of an angry monologue, that knowledge that he had to control his reaction, that Captain America couldn’t have an unreasonable reaction and therefore couldn’t let himself react, at all, just in case.
There was the first stirring of resentment in him then, a prickle of resistance that could have flared up into anger – except that this was Rhodey he was talking to. Rhodey had been his best friend since before Tony was turned. He was the person who’d refused to be shut out, the person who’d been the exact same friend to Tony since they were both freshmen at MIT. Tony could never muster the heat of genuine anger for Rhodey-
And then, out of nowhere, the thought occurred to him again.
*Lots* of introspection in this update and, as it mostly takes place in Steve's topsy turvey head, there will again be a little bit of the unreliable narrator at play...
Steve snapped to attention again.
On the plus side, it made it easier to be sure that there was no one else around - but, given the way their robes dazzled under the midday sun, Tony had to assume they’d be instantly visible to anyone crossing the horizon.
But then, he didn’t often see things that left him literally, physically stunned.
so different.
example of a shift in your perception, and you’re not hallucinating, yeah?” Figaro answered, gesticulating as he spoke. “But, I mean, in that example, nothing really looks different to you - you’re seeing the same stuff, just more clearly. But there are ways to see a completely different landscape through a shift in your perception alone, if you know what I mean?”
And that Tony already trusted him so much,
“He did. He still does, actually,” he replies. And then, with only the suggestion of a questioning tone, he adds, “You remember Steve…?”
There was a lift of enlightenment somewhere deep inside of Steve - a voice assuring him,
…The fact that Steve had wanted Tony to bite him.
These should have been Tony’s real concerns. He
The rush of fear had completely transformed itself into anger now – just as hot, and visceral, and physical. His skin trembled with it, his head swam on it…
Some part of him knew it was ‘the bad thing’, even if it was only as a vague concept.
unhealthy or selfish coping mechanisms he’d resorted to – even with all that pressure.
“I’m not, Steve,” Tony sighed. “
Steve pressed his thumbs into the sensitive flesh just below Tony’s hipbones, the sudden jolt of it running along his spine. And then Steve’s hand’s stroking over the curve of Tony’s hips, over his thighs, matching the slow, firm movement of his mouth. Tony moaned, rocking up to meet him, letting that pleasure roll up his back, growing, building,
As Rhodey was speaking, Tony was gathering the few bits of tech that hadn’t gone with them on the mission – another file reader, a few custom made USB pens, the mini blow-torch he’d used in his make-shift drug lab. He’d already decided that the rest of his things could just stay here. A few non-descript shirts and a couple of items of soft luggage were really not worth the cognitive effort.
“…All of them, sir?” JARVIS enquired, sounding sceptical – but he’d barely finished the last word before Tony clarified, tetchily,
, elements, and… The drug they’re pumping into the basement has no recognisable earth elements at all. It just really looks like they’re using a Varian drug, to do this.”
– a teasing rush of something more, as his body settled around Tony-
Until this happened.
it’s going to start to hurt pretty quickly, and it’s going to do some serious damage before too long, and – even if that person has as much food and water as they need – eventually the sun itself
think about it…
Tony felt an entirely different pang of sadness at that.
“Well, it’s more of an armoured sweatshirt…” Tony theorised, aloud. Steve laughed again.
And suddenly that smell was so strong, like it was coating his tongue, like he could already taste it-
admit a mistake”
And Steve paused.
“Tony, I…” Steve managed – and then cut himself off, and swallowed, like he was trying not to cry. And Tony just smiled, and waited. “I was so scared of mentioning Bucky… I thought…”
on this-” But Steve had laughed even harder at that, and then Tony’s giggles got the better of him, and then neither of them could talk for a good few minutes-
thought about that. “...But that’s a mission all on its own. And… I don’t know, we might want more back up for that one…”
…that was unfolding in his mind,
And it took Steve a second or two, to catch his breath.
And he knew this was a dart gun.
“I have
But the sense of weary irritation as they were marched up to the stage
it could all be okay, that I could still… Fix it…”
But he didn’t want to do that either.
put his arm around him. The same intensity of physical reaction and mental anxiety, the same weakening in his legs and the same desperation as he told himself,
desperate to stop everything from falling apart, that I… simplified everything down to that? I turned it into this ‘
And then, as he turned to leave, a thought occurred to Steve that never would have entered his head, had he been talking to any other mythical being. Something he would never have thought applied to the Stonekeeper, if it hadn’t turned out that Steve knew him. He found himself searching his distant memories for a detail from a different life, a different
“No, he’s not a creep,” Steve replied, coldly, putting the carton down onto the kitchen counter.
that had been Tony’s answer-
. That, even with
It was afterwards, when he thought back to it, that he found himself wondering if anyone
that Sam had spoken directly against Bucky’s skin. The faint sound of Bucky whispering reassurances, one hand going to the back of Sam’s neck, almost hesitantly.
And then Tony took Steve’s hand, and squeezed, and Steve felt it flood his entire body like a liquid heat. He might even have whimpered softly. He let Tony lead him over to the bed – dragging his step just a little bit, just so that he could feel Tony tugging against him. And then Tony came to a stop, and turned to face him, and Steve damned near bumped right into him. His free hand automatically went to Tony’s arm, to steady himself…
And Steve wanted him.
He’d already considered that the photographer might well be dead. He could see that the guy still wasn’t moving…
“What’ve you done to him?” Tony demanded, his voice darker now, his grip tightening pointedly. His legs were already tensed to move, the second he got the information he wanted-
“7.48pm, Sir,” JARVIS replied cheerfully – and Steve sighed, and snuggled closer into him.
“So, what do we do?” Maribelle demanded – completely skipping any scrutiny of Steve’s non-explanation.
like it would be so bewildering and frightening and humiliating to get himself tangled up in those particular thoughts, that he wouldn’t be able to work it out, that he’d be failing yet another test, that he wouldn’t like any of the answers he did come up with…
But…Still…
” Tony clarified, slowly. “Cos, like I say – just having this idea out loud right now, in real time… But… Yeah, I’m pretty sure I
And then…
And, really, it was just that Steve recognised the basic social cues. He took a glass because it was being offered to him… he didn’t think about it…
Instead, he balled his hands into fists, squeezing as hard as he could in a bid to expel some of this energy. With nothing else to fall back on, Steve tried his best to think what the hell Captain America would do with a situation like this-
“Who said that?” He asked – really hoping it wasn’t someone awful, seeing as he’d just adopted it as a personal motto on first hearing…
But Steve carried on talking.
him. That visceral fear of fucking this up.
everything.
,” Tony smiled, “I’ve wanted this for about as long as I’ve known you. I love you.” He heard Steve breathe a soft little
He knew that he owed Natasha his gratitude and his respect - she had earned that.
And then the dull press of his teeth against Steve’s shoulder-
“Oh, right. Well, just so you know, I wouldn’t have… put you at any risk, or-”
Zan looked down before she answered, her shoulders slumping under the effort of this.
But, as it happened, of all the thousands of things that had just shattered his reality, the one to break the silence was,
That was all he could think about, the only thing he wanted, the only thing that
to take that drug – because they hadn’t taken it yet.” And he sighed a little laugh, “People would
“Eh – I’m much more on the science side than the arts side.
was doing that to him… And, as much as it should’ve been a relief to have an explanation, it was mainly just terrifying to think it could happen again...
“Well, imagine the most fair skinned person you know, gets dropped buck-naked in the middle of the Sahara, in the middle of the day, in the middle of the hottest summer on record, miles away from the shade – they still won’t immediately burst into flames,” Tony explained, “
still annoyed that Steve hadn’t questioned more, before he gathered his little team and ran to Siberia…
thing I’m thinking right now, is that I want you – and maybe I should be thinking more than that… And if I shouldn’t have – if that was exactly the wrong thing to do, right now, then I’m sorry-”
that you’re getting better. That you’re opening up, even though you find it hard. That you’re dealing with not being in control of everything, even though you hate that. That you’re doing your best to sort through all the impossible things you’ve learned - even if you aren’t quite there yet. Looking at your life and deciding to change all of that is a big thing, Steve. You’re still doing that right even if you don’t do it right away.”
Stape was still standing by the double doors, at least fifty feet away from them – there was no way Steve would be able to get to him before he had the chance to fire a shot. Not with his legs as weak as they were.
face and say no. It would’ve been like kicking a puppy, or swearing at a child – some deeply ingrained function in him rebelled against the very thought. It was irrational. It was ridiculous. But there it was.
He remembered how many times he’d reimagined this moment, how many little things he’d wanted to change. How often he’d wished that he could’ve started out differently. How many personal traits and expectations he’d felt locked into, once people expected them of him, once people started treating him like that…
sort of possessiveness…
he was, before he could offer himself to Steve.
And Tony even remembered, then, that he’d told himself
him, in this moment that didn’t sum him up or represent his ideals or fit in any of the comics, because it wasn’t
It was probably a pointless endeavour anyway.
That was part of the effect, after all.
Until, after some amount of time, he was snapped out of the cycle by the speedy patter of footsteps on the stairs.
, obviously, we can’t just go up there and blow the whole operation up right now” Tony raced to clarify “Because we don’t even know if that
Some of the tension returned to Steve’s shoulders then, as that lazy pleasure quickly sharpened into a more immediate desire. He managed to push himself up onto his knees, lifting his ass and spreading his legs wider, still rocking up in that same needy rhythm.
There was another awkward pause between them before Nick finally turned to leave. Tony stayed tense, his eyes locked on Nick’s back until he reached the end of the driveway and disappeared-
Tony tried to smile for that. He
And then he saw him.
“Most likely because of these,” she gestured modestly towards the neat rows of tiny terracotta pots on the stall next to them. Each one contained a single, fragile looking flower, like a buttercup - but these apparently came in a hundred shades of blue, pink, and purple… Steve’s eyes caught on one that was the exact same colour as Dr Arden’s hair and, amused by that observation, he simply reached and picked it up.
“No…” Tony mused, as the details came back to him.
he had to be furious at these people for-
“Oh, fuck more, please more,” Tony begged, even as that deep friction curled in him. Steve pulled back and pushed into him again, a sharp desperate pleasure that immediately consumed itself, twisting into an urgent need for
But this was as tempted as Steve would ever be to cross that timeline - because he knew
Well, this part of it, at least.
He looked up in time to see Tony’s pupils dilate, his face twisting into an almost feral hunger, right before Steve’s eyes.
He was just following the usual pattern of ‘going to bed’, too preoccupied with thoughts of what would happen when they got there to consider the plan.
And he grabbed Tony’s wrist, and he
that he made Steve happy like this, more right than anything he’d ever done before… It was something ancient and fundamental and...
“I know that,” Steve sighed. “Or, at least, I did think about that, before I even came here… And I know that the man I left in 2023
“We’ll be sure to send them a thank you card,” Bucky spat
So in control-
and he’d always assumed it’d take that much out of someone, to get close to him.
“I figured out that it’s not that you
“The same way I know things Natasha,” Steve sighed, “and I can’t tell you how. Some things you just can’t ever tell people - I know you understand that.”
He decided he would just get up, and have a shower… and then he might as well try to get some sleep, before they got here. The very least he could do was to be well rested and cognitively aware when he performed surgery tonight…
And then Tony’s eyes darkened, his lips curling into a more lascivious smile as he slid his palm over the back of Steve’s hand, and moved it from his hip to his cock, curling his fingers around Steve’s and holding Steve’s grip in his own.
“It’s just… You’re
But, as it was, Tony was able to evaluate the situation. He knew that trying to talk Pepper into this, or even stealing her car, wasn’t the most efficient plan.
“JARVIS…” he began – and then hesitated. He knew he couldn’t
And then he turned to Bucky and enquired, quite politely,
And Tony just nodded, and slipped it into his pocket…
He knew, he could
He works out that he must take a step, or two, to end up sitting on this examination bench every day… And
So, if Tony could will it into happening, he
had. Or… at least to put Steve off. Tony could swear he’d had a
It wasn’t that Steve had
And then, over Steve’s shoulder, he caught a glimpse of the couch.
“Tony’s a vampire,” Steve sighed, already feeling treacherous. He
He’d not really
And then, in a burst of reckless inspiration, Steve shifted Tony’s weight - so that he could stand up with him held tight in his arms.
But Belle just smiled
about holding it there. He didn’t register the slightest effort on his face, his muscles didn’t tense, he just… Didn’t let go of Steve’s hand.
That he
about his life was worse now.
in a thought bubble above his head.
But when he reached for it, it seemed to crumble, like it was made of sand.
“Yeah, that’d be pretty incredible, wouldn’t it?” Steve said, looking right at him. “
“Since when is he Phil?”
“But you don’t know
And Steve
needed to hear Steve say he was sorry first. Maybe he couldn’t
And it didn’t even occur to him that soon enough he’d catch his breath, and then just stop breathing. That eventually his heartbeat would slow right down to nothing. In that moment, Tony just felt alive, exactly the same as he did, back when he was.
He even got to be with Tony in the meantime….
But a personal argument would be of no use to him right now. So.
At some point he’d apparently wandered over to the window, and let his forearms rest on the ledge. He didn’t remember doing that, but here he was, staring through his own reflection at the shattered pattern of angry raindrops…
Steve’s fingers curled tighter around Tony’s torso, simply responding to this sudden possessive impulse, this desire to keep… This automatic response to feeling Tony move like
that. But it was more than that.
“Okay,” Tony nodded, “We can do this. We’re the Avengers. We beat Thanos today. We can get out of this ball pit!”
“This is the bar where I first saw her” Steve remembered with a smile. And then he caught Tony’s eye “C’mon, let’s go and get a drink” And Tony just followed him happily, feeling a little thrill run up his arm at the resting strength he could feel beneath Steve’s grip.
“Not everyone’s walls,” Tony corrected him. “Just mine.”
as this.
Partly because he did trust Tony, and it never would’ve occurred to him that Tony would try to corrupt or control him. And partly because he wanted nothing more than to be with Tony anyway.
Tony was also lying on his back, staring up at the ceiling…
Well, Steve knew where he
“...About what?” He asked.
It wasn’t the fear that it would happen, or even that he’d enjoy it.
to spiral, because by then Hydra were already chasing him. And, when he’d found out that his best friend had been tortured and brainwashed, and forced to murder the parents of the man Steve loved – oh, and a close personal friend of both of them, going back seventy years, by the way – Hydra were
...And then he found his gaze being drawn back to the box files on the other side of the room.
worth going to have a look at exactly what SHIELD were doing…
was just because he wanted to. And that was nice. More than nice. That was…
But Steve nodded anyway.
And Steve and Wanda didn’t move at all.
“So, Zan.” He sighed, glancing at Tony between sweeps of the room.
“Tony Stark”
, no, but still…”
No, he would not be toasting the New Year, this year.
true, that I
He saw Peppers eyes widen, concerned rather than frightened, her hand still firm against his shoulder.
in the walls all around them…
And then Tony lowered his gaze shyly, his lashes fluttering as he took a barely audible breath-
...And then Tony turned to fix him with a long, level stare.
He answered it purely to shut it up – it was just one thing too many. He wasn’t even planning on waiting to find out whether it was Pepper or Rhodey. Whichever one it was, they’d just have to understand that he couldn’t do this right now. He’d already opened his mouth to say it-
And then he shook his head, and pulled himself back to what he meant
The three of them sat to attention, all of them looking into the air like confused guard dogs-
“That the serum would make my blood dangerous for a regular person?”
And then he took Steve’s hand, and led him through to
It was actually worse.
Steve lifted his head, blinking away the shadows so that he could look at Tony again. He recognised a hot, bodily thrill, distinct from all the other physical pleasures, as he watched Tony stroke his hand over his cock…
s, he remembered,
He even managed to contain that threatened trembling, as Tony dragged a finger along the vein, pressing just hard enough that it made Steve dizzy.
The last time that Tony had been angry and hurt enough to hit something, he’d chosen to hit Bucky. The one part of the whole sorry affair that he felt ashamed of. The thing that meant, after trying that hard and losing that much, Tony couldn’t even claim the moral high ground. Not completely.
And Tony laughed again… and quite enjoyed the revelation that they did have that in common…
get a hangover. And, of course, you can’t embarrass yourselves here.” And she paused to give Tony a knowing look, like she was so pleased with herself for working out his real anxiety “We’re conditioned by shame, on earth. We use it as a voice to guide us without ever considering its authority. But here, there can be no consequences to your actions – no damage to your reputation, no chance to make poor life choices. Here, it is only you, and people who don’t know you, and the way you feel… so, you have to ask yourself what it is you’re afraid might happen?”
“You sound
And out of nowhere, it occurred to Bucky how nice this was.
Sam laughed, and then looked at Steve, gesturing subtly to Tony,
Unfortunately, his head had never been more awake.
“So, I had a look through all of the files we managed to steal when we were in the basement, and it’s all the day-to-day stuff. Employee files and schedules and some basic details of which drugs are added to what, and when... But, if you look through all the activity, you can see that there are files sent between this server and another server, a secure server – which would make sense. If they have a research facility here, or a production line, or both, then it would make sense that all the technical details and trade secrets and things are stored somewhere else.
A tiny little yelp caught his attention again. Slightly shaky now, Steve managed to push himself up into a sitting position, just in time to see Bucky pulling Tony out of the ball pit.
Steve nodded again, fighting an urge to pull his knees up into his chest as he took it all in.
Steve looked up at him with a dark sort of intensity, his fingers curling around Tony’s protectively. Tony felt his stomach knot.
“Okay,” Wesley whimpered quietly.
And of course, it
downside to that – no
There
Maybe, if Tony was very lucky, one of the guards would shoot him in the head on the way out…
“So, what’s the interesting bit?” Tony surrendered, even though he already knew.
beautiful. Like a living, breathing piece of art. Tony let his eyes drift up over that glorious chest, over the smooth planes of flawless skin, the imposing physical strength of him… He looked up at Steve’s beautiful lips, flushed an even darker shade of pink, fuller and softer than Tony had ever seen them. And then at last he met Steve’s eye, and it was like he’d just stepped off of a cliff. Tony just
Feeling anxious that he’d let his guard down so completely, that he’d let himself be imperfect and vulnerable and maybe even selfish… Remembering all the people who’d told him to ‘tough it out’, all the times he’d told
Steve pulled up at Tony’s house just after nine that evening. He cut the engine and turned off his phone, exactly the same as he had the first time they came here. And then he let go of a long, slow breath.
“No, Steve, I am,” Tony insisted. “I’ve had so many things wrong, and I’ve made so many mistakes. Not even just with you… But I’m going to change things, I am. And I’m sorry I’ve been screwing you around for weeks now, that I’ve not – I love you, and that’s all I care about, and I want to be with you, and things will be better, I promise.”
“Well, that. But…” and Tony struggled for a moment, and then gave up “I dunno, a lot of this just feels unnatural to me – and that’s why I’m not going to ask about it, because that makes it sound like I didn’t beg a friend to refer me here, or something.”
“And, to clarify, it needn’t necessarily be a submissive/dominance thing” Janine went on. “For a lot of people it’s more of a giving/receiving thing, or simply a chance to indulge a niche interest, or try something new…”
He would not kill this man, just because he so wanted to-
“Such slander,” Tony breezed, continuing his little game with himself. And then he somehow swerved around Steve in a single step, putting himself between them before he looked back and said, “you can probably sue him for suggesting that, you know.”
idea.
The deep offence he felt at how casually Jesse had mentioned it.
Well, attempted to distract himself, he should say, because it wasn’t as though any of his recent busy work had actually taken his mind off Steve.
And then Tony flinched away from him, and looked up, incredulous,
And then he recognised the words
And the answer came quickly.
to get to him.
God, Steve wanted to hit this man –
Also, warning for some smut at the end of the chapter.
Okay, he was absolutely sure he hadn’t told JARVIS to let Bucky in. That he
hated the idea of anything happening to him – only that, in the fantasy, he obviously would.
While Steve sat there, feeling very pleased with himself.
“So, you
“Oh, come on Steve,” Bucky groaned, without malice. “This is the first person you’ve
His lungs froze as their eyes met, Tony’s brow melting into an expression that he could read so clearly, even in this state-
Same as he always had.
Steve froze mid-step, his mouth falling open in shock, his brain falling silent except for that one observation.
He was sober.
But what if he could? If he really did have a drug that could wipe people’s memories-
…Which, okay, sounded like a ridiculous thing to be reassured by.
Maybe even thinking about letting this idea in…
“...Thanks,” Tony deadpanned, while someone breathed a laugh. The assistant was, of course, entirely unaffected by their lack of enthusiasm.
read, out loud, to Tony – or else he’d lose it completely.
triumphantly, ‘He found out about my parents before Sokovia even happened, how can it all be about the Accords’. And I think I probably had
no one else to take into consideration. He wasn’t responsible for anyone here, no one expected anything of him - he didn’t even exist.
“Only the boring bit,” Rhodey commented. “Other than
“Yeah, what on earth is going on here?”
know that it wasn’t wise to go into the sunlight…ever…
of them-
he’d kept it,
And it made it all the funnier that the guard simply nodded, and wrote it down…
If it stopped someone from taking his blood, he would.
Steve was still feeling overwhelmed and exposed when he came to choosing his second destination - so he decided to go with whichever idea felt the least significant to him, in the moment.
that reaction.
and deleted it. He knew if he sent that Rhodey would call him, and by now he was so tired that he didn’t think he could physically form words.
And Tony then sank his teeth into Steve’s hip in one swift, clean bite.
Steve would have endured every trauma of his life, a thousand times over, for this.
He knew that those guards can’t have caught more than a fleeting glance at either of them. But if they burst into this room looking for them – as they absolutely would, any second now – and they saw two anxious, fully dressed, well known superheroes in among all the happy, fucking people… they were going to put two and two together
“I didn’t
“Steve” Tony cut him off, his voice barely a whisper now, his eyes shining with a strength of feeling that Steve hadn’t seen since that bunker.
term, we should probably think about what we’re doing with these files you want to copy, and what comes after SHIELD, and what the hell we do about that alien invasion we’re expecting some time in the spring…” Tony rambled, like it was nothing more than a concluding remark-
“Well, I know you’ve already been given the contact details of our various support staff…” And then he had to stop and swallow hard, visibly gathering himself before he could carry on, “and if there’s ever anything… specific… that you need help with, that you’re not able to talk to most people about-”
something - because it didn’t look as though he had much to protect. He didn’t seem to have a career that anyone could ruin, or any status that he was scared to give up, or any loved ones to worry over…
in any of them.
And Steve just nodded, the sweetest little smile on his lips.
“See you in there.”
The fear began to prickle up through the numbness. The details of the alien landscape came into sharper focus as the adrenaline soaked into his system. He became much more aware of his breathing, moving higher in his chest, pulling his lungs tight as he scrambled to think of everything that had happened so far
Well, maybe ‘interesting’ was a bit strong. Steve had to admit that, without any additional context, that was really just
...That he’d just spent two hours daydreaming about a future with Steve, and it hadn’t frightened him at all.
But he just couldn’t stay still.
It was just so intense, so disorienting… and the guilt rushed in
“Hm?” Sam asked, as he blinked himself awake.
“Okay.”
. I just keep finding myself about to put my hand on your shoulder, like it’s a habit I’ve had forever. And I
, right now… But if he focused
He wanted so much to let go of all this tension, this longing this burden…
But then…
“It’s a drug called Tabula Rasa. The
Tony realised that he knew
And then with a heavy heart he began the ascent to the top of the mountain.
to lean against him…
“...I think we were all sort of… pushing the Hulk to his room,” Sam remembered out loud, “and then this was just the next nearest one…”
And all the files loaded – on the right side of the right wall.
Just that rapid cycle of competing bodily impulses, over a white noise of total panic.
Steve’s eyes snapped up to meet his, and Tony just froze, unable to even look away-
The detail seemed to come back to Steve at the same moment, and suddenly he was scanning the room for where Tony had thrown it.
And, of course, he
Now that he was listening for it, he could hear the very quiet scuffle of movement behind the prop walls of his fake-hospital room-
a particularly compelling reason… But Tony so wanted a reason…
Tony grinned. You had to hand it to the Varians. They knew how to have a good time.
“Yeah, you could do that,” Tony agreed, casually. “The principle would be the same, either way.”
“I’m so sorry” Steve croaked. He felt Tony soften against him – relieved he wasn’t dead, in the first instance.
of it that Adam had unleashed in one go, the fact that he’d forced it directly into Steve’s blood stream-
Unfortunately, Bucky was trying to work this out as he was already saying it - so, he was halfway through it when he realised that what he really meant was,
“... I dunno,” Steve answered with a shrug. “I just… when they told me,
Oh, he
Tony’s cock throbbed petulantly – but he ignored it. Instead, he reached up and grabbed the bottle of lube that was waiting on the bedside table. He was already undressed, wrapped in the thick black bathrobe that Steve had bought for him because he’d once casually mentioned that he preferred the feel of cotton to silk. Tony let his legs fall apart as he wet his fingers, thinking of Steve’s hands braced hard against his thighs, spreading him open…
Tony snorted a laugh that ran on into a string of giggles. Because he’d forgotten he was wearing the toga. Because he’d been standing with Rhodey for at least ten minutes, and this was the first time anyone had mentioned the toga. Because he’d just remembered how he ended up wearing a toga-
He bit out, sharply.
the vampire things were ugly and frightening, then…
“...I promise, I know better than to try and keep you out of danger, or to try to stop you doing stupid things,” Steve answered, very pointedly. Tony huffed a laugh and squeezed his hand.
, and, uh, take Fantasia and…live out one of Tony’s fantasies.”
By now, he was beginning to believe some of the things he’d nervously considered in New Jersey and on Asgard. He’d genuinely dropped some of the habits that he’d started to question back on Morag. He’d started to
