"Think you're up to a little more?" John asked gently, pushing his fingers through Sherlock's damp curls.
Sherlock thought he had kept it secret from his unobservant John, until the day he found John sitting on Sherlock's bed, leafing through the drawings of his dedicated blogger. John on his computer, John asleep in the back of a taxi, John making tea… John thumbed through them all.
"Oh, that isn't all," Sherlock said, not bothering to hold back the smirk this time. "I've also got late birthday present fellatio on the agenda tonight at around midnight."
She reached up, and Sherlock ducked their head and allowed John to remove the blanket that had been covering them.
"What?" John asked in confusion. "Latin? Now I'm sure that it isn't all Shakespeare. I'm knowledgeable in some Latin, obviously, but I have no idea what you meant."
Sherlock's insides ached to be filled properly, and not with this rubber replacement. It was impossible to get anything done without the plug in place, and even that only helped a little. Sherlock could feel the slick lubricant dripping down between his thighs, making his pants sticky. This was why he generally avoided this whole mess.
And then they stopped again. Time seemed to freeze as John's eyes widened in horror, and Sherlock's breath caught in his chest and became almost painful in trying to escape again.
"My tongue will tell the anger of my heart, Or else my heart, concealing it, will break," Sherlock said to him with a sigh.
“The answer is that you are going to charm one of the housekeepers while I borrow her master key card to get into the room,” I answered.
After this cryptic call was completed, John immediately hopped in a cab to make his way to Baker Street. John, having gone through the whole fiasco of having to turn in his wife to the British authorities for espionage and having his dead best friend return from the afterlife, John had settled in to his home apart from Sherlock for a little while. He'd meant to return to Baker Street eventually, and now that there appeared to be an emergency, John was recalculating in his head when that would occur.
Mycroft paused mid-speech and snapped his mouth shut. He looked at John very closely for a few long seconds, before nodding slowly.
Suddenly, Sherlock slid off of John's lap and onto the floor. John was startled until Sherlock fumbled at the button of John's jeans. Once he got them undone, John lifted his hips to allow Sherlock to pull them down. John's briefs were tight around his cock, and Sherlock pressed his nose to John's crotch. John groaned as Sherlock nuzzled at his cock through the thin, worn material.
But it was far away, and Sherlock didn't feel like telling Mycroft that he needed it back for soothing still-traumatized soldiers back to sleep.
"Where did you even find an assistant willing to work with you?" Donovan sneered. "Is he really a doctor? Let's see some credentials, please!"
"How do you even manage to get yourself into this condition, Sherlock," John said. "I could have sworn this was one of your shoulderblades until I realized your actual shoulderblade was over here! Knots should not be so hard that they resemble bone!"
John had heard many insults thrown his way over the past month or so. People called him a leech on society, called him useless, and simply treated him as if he were somehow less than human. Didn't deserve respect.
"Let's see what 'Missy' has in store for you on Valentine's day, shall we?" Sherlock hissed venomously.
Sherlock’s heart hurt from how many emotional freefalls it had been through so far today, and Sherlock wondered if being happy always made people feel like they might be dying. It was an interesting experience, but Sherlock was far too invested in the moment to catalogue it properly.
“No one can handle Sherlock,” Mycroft said. “I could hardly contain him as a human, and now he's a dragon. You're not exactly a dragon wrangler. I don't see how I can expect you to bring back my brother when all he has to do is fly away.”
John was standing by the window, looking out on London. Sherlock shuffled over and looked over John's shoulder. London was covered in a fine layer of snow and frost, as if a giant had come and dusted it in sugar. London looked so peaceful when it was like this.
He used to be so otherworldly that John had never imagined having the urges he did now. But he'd softened, become more affectionate and willing to let his own feelings show through.
"One face, one voice, one habit, and two persons, a natural perspective, that is and is not!" Mr. Fielding exclaimed, by which Sherlock took to mean that they were both in the same predicament.
John wasn't entirely certain how to explain that one. Not if Sherlock didn't already know why that might be a problem.
Sherlock hated shopping for gifts. Christmas one of those times when everyone around him seemed determined to wish him good cheer. It was very annoying, and quite often, Sherlock was tempted to tell their children that Santa didn't exist in order to get back at them.
"I can admit to being selfish," Sherlock said. "I want you to solve crimes with me. I'm already brilliant, you know, but with you, I think I could be better."
There it was! Sherlock paused the feed to watch it. The van pulled into the alley to enter the back, where there was a huge garage door. Sherlock noted the license number and then excitedly went into the kitchen.
Sherlock decided he would tell John about the mess in the sink later. No need to make John go berserk.
They left the old warehouse, and Sherlock dusted himself off thoroughly before John hailed a cab to take them to the Diogenes Club, which is where Sherlock knew Mycroft frequented on this day of the week. Sherlock wanted to remind John that speaking wasn't allowed, but was unsure of how it would come out.
"No one saw it," Sherlock said sulkily, and John could hear him moving around, hopefully untying the bodies and putting them back where they belonged. "Oh, except for Molly. But that's fine."
John pressed the finger in deeper, while licking Sherlock’s cock from root to tip. Sherlock gasped and writhed as John continued to lave attention on his cock while fingering him open. The pleasure washing over him in the wake of John's skill distracted him from the discomfort, and soon even that faded, and it began to feel quite good.
They were still contemplating getting up, because it was still late morning, when Sherlock's phone went off next to their ear. Sherlock leapt to get it, forgetting that sudden movements might exacerbate the issue of Sherlock's behind. He hissed in a breath, but answered the phone.
It was in a shop window, displayed to perfection, and Sherlock knew right then, that this was what they needed to complete the image they wanted to present.
John handed them a magazine already flipped open to a page. Sherlock took it, and their eyes boggled. All of the people on this page were men with curly hair. Sherlock blinked in surprise. Somehow, they had still expected to get a women's haircut when they came in, but John had blown the door open on the possibilities.
Sherlock's pink tongue lapped at the tip of the lolly, and then he lowered his mouth down slowly over the entire length. His cheeks hollowed, and then he pulled off with a pop.
John smiled and wiped off his hands. He slowly walked across the kitchen, a distance that seemed infinite in that moment. He tucked his thumbs into Sherlock's belt loops and pulled him close.
John shifted even closer to me, and for a moment I wondered what he could be doing. My breath hitched.
As it turned out, Sherlock was something of a lightweight. Even consumption of low levels of alcohol on a regular basis did not prepare one for bar-hopping, apparently. But it was with Lestrade, and this time, Sherlock would keep an eye on his own drink and make sure John didn't contaminate it with tequila.
John had been able to figure out what he meant without hardly even trying. Sherlock was hard enough to understand as it was, but John had been the one to at least try. But he was only a distraction from John's seemingly endless quest to find a girlfriend, or god forbid, a wife.
"As if I give a toss about that," Sherlock sighed, then sank down into his bed. "Besides, you're tired and your shoulder hurts after wrestling the thief to the ground. The position you're currently in will exacerbate it."
It wasn't often Sherlock needed an explanation, but this time, Sherlock had no clue what John could be doing.
John's stomach was fairly muscular, which Sherlock had long suspected – but it was one thing to suspect something and then be presented with solid evidence. Sherlock goggled as John threw the jumper over the edge of Sherlock's bed. John grinned and then loomed over them, and Sherlock whined as all of John's surprisingly soft skin came into contact with their own.
He found out that he had been in Berlin for almost two weeks, and in between multiple surgeries and the added complication of an infection, he'd been out of it the entire time. The nurses told him that Gladstone had stood guard over him the throughout, and that doctors had decided then that he and Gladstone wouldn't be separated.
The two of them had been together for exactly two years, Sherlock realized, as his heart rampaged in their chest.
John's eyes widened when he saw Sherlock emerge from his room, and then got a rather intense look in them. Sherlock was suddenly reminded of what
John’s fingers brushed over his testicles, and Sherlock gasped. His legs trembled, and when John finally cupped Sherlock’s balls and rolled them gently in his hand, his legs wobbled alarmingly. Sherlock sagged against John and whined.
Sherlock froze. John's fingers brushed across one hipbone and Sherlock waited, his breath caught in his chest, for John to do something.
John took his own usual place out on the sidewalk, leaning against a wall with Gladstone resting against his side. There wasn't a lot to do but people-watch, as John didn't do any busking or begging. He recognized a few faces here and there as they walked by, quickly and without looking at him.
"Is it because it would be embarrassing for you, or embarrassing for me?" John asked. "Remember, I'm a doctor. I've heard it all."
John froze and stopped breathing momentarily. Lestrade probably hadn't meant it seriously, but that was precisely what had happened. Lestrade, sensing something off, suddenly took a closer look at John.
Mr. Fielding just shrugged and shook his head, so Sherlock had no idea whether he had been understood or not. Well, he had gotten everything that he could from this visit at least.
"And – " Sherlock looked down again and swallowed hard. Continuing, he struggled on, and said, "I want y-you to fuck me, sir."
As he came, John kept fucking him through it, and Sherlock wailed, and kept coming. When he'd at last spent himself, he was trembling too hard to do much of anything. John slid the dildo out and disposed of the condom before untying Sherlock.
"Oh!" the woman perked up somewhat. "I even see the resemblance! Yes, he did email me, saying that he couldn't make his reservation, but that he passed it on to you and your boyfriend."
Sherlock tried very hard not to pay attention to what else was happening to his arm. He trusted that John would take care of it, take care of him. Make him better, as promised.
He finished scrubbing and then just stood under the hot water for a while, waiting for the hot water to run out before it forced him to leave the tub. The towel was thick and fluffy, and he wrapped it around him.
Apparently the punch was spiked, because Molly and Lestrade had come over rather giggly, and Mrs. Hudson had gone downstairs for her evening soother. After Molly and Lestrade had caught a cab, that left John and Sherlock.
The entire surface of his skin felt sensitized as John mouthed along his neck. The stubble on John's face teased him even more, and Sherlock trembled and waited in anticipation. The edge of teeth along his neck made him shiver and arch his neck, head tipping back against the door, exposing the length of his throat to John's attention.
Had got the note. In fact, it was in his pocket at this very moment, where Sherlock had put it, and was going to take out again later to admire. A note for Sherlock. A note written in John’s jagged handwriting. A note signed with John’s initials. For Sherlock.
It was late by the time that Sherlock went back over to his own flat, and he wondered when he’d become so… ordinary. Then again, it wasn’t every day a person like him met a person like John Watson.
He dragged Sherlock's upper body into his lap. Sherlock allowed this without complaint, humming sleepily and burying his nose against John's stomach.
A more posh and unbearable bunch John had never met. Sebastian Wilkes was there as well, and the lot of them made pointed comments about Sherlock's social ability, sneering and carrying on. Sherlock hadn't replied, simply stiffly introduced John to them.
It turned out that the Inn did have a hunting dog, and the owner was willing to part with it – for a price.
Sherlock was too distracted to be pleased by the public display of affecion. He was too busy contemplating the cupcakes, and how such delicious confections could be wasted.
Sherlock tried to ignore John, but John didn't leave. They could see the shadow under their door where John was sitting. After a while, Sherlock spoke up again.
John couldn't not know what he was doing to Sherlock. He just cared more about insipid women than Sherlock.
Sherlock clinked his glass against John’s and took a sip. The wine had a deep and complex flavour, making him wonder how much John had spent on the bottle. Then again, Sherlock wasn’t sure there was a real correlation between quality of wine and price. An experiment for later, another day, a day when he didn’t have John Watson across from him giving him that look.
“Well, thank you for this,” John said, waving the brochure at her. “Do you mind if we ask more questions sometime later?”
“A knight?” said King Alendale. “I have knights. You have knights. Why do we need this one in particular?”
Sherlock bit his lip. He was dithering here at the bottom of the stairs because all of this had been leading up to the moment in front of him. He'd been dipping his toes in, testing the water, and still come up with nothing. All there was to it was to finally just take the plunge.
It would be asking Mycroft for help that would be the difficult for Sherlock, in more ways than just the usual.
Newquay was just starting to get dark, and the ocean wind was strong. John and I managed to get a taxi, and the whole way I wondered if he’d noticed that I had fallen asleep on him. We arrived at the hotel and checked in without any trouble. The hotel receptionist didn’t even blink as she checked our ID’s.
So sorry this took so long! I know, I keep saying that I'll write it faster. I really will try to finish this up. I'm really enjoying writing it when I can get the time.
"Anyway," Sherlock continued. "There's possibly some blood on that grate over there, I need a sample to test if it's human."
John Watson was some sort of miracle worker clad in ugly jumpers. He wouldn't be winning any prizes for fashion, that was for certain. But the jumpers didn't matter, not when Sherlock had John there. John smoothed the way through all the tedium of dealing with ordinary people. He was a compass for Sherlock when it came to social interaction. He knew when Sherlock's silence meant he was in his Mind Palace and wanted to be left alone, or if he was sulking, and in spite of all protest to the contrary, definitely wanted to be bothered.
"I am past my depth in lust and I must swim or drown," Sherlock said, then clapped his hands over his mouth in shock.
John groaned and thrust up against Sherlock, grinding his cock against Sherlock's arse. This wasn't going to take long at all. All he could imagine was his cock slipping between Sherlock's bright pink cheeks, rubbing himself all over the flesh he'd painted red with the crop.
John brought the open palm of one hand down on Sherlock's plush arse, and Sherlock yelped as his cheek jiggled slightly under the force of the blow. A slight red mark remained, and John leaned over to press his mouth to it.
John felt like two days of hiding out were all he could handle. He itched to get back out, and even worse – he wanted to find Sherlock again. He had his address even. All he had to do was offer to help out with the case, and he had an in. He didn't have to do anything illegal – he could be a look out, or a spy, that sort of thing.
Sherlock considered asking what John was doing in his room, but supposed it didn't matter in the end.
"I've been trying to accustom you already," John said frankly. "We don't have much time for this, so either we have to set up some boundaries, or we have to step up our acclimatization tactics, because otherwise, this is not going to work."
The last four hits resounded, and each of Sherlock's counts came with a little sob. When it was over, John laid down the crop, so that Sherlock could see that he'd put it down.
"As if you could get any more straight," Sherlock said, but complied, awkwardly straddling John's limp form, which was warm between her thighs.
This was getting ridiculous. Sherlock shivered and pulled his robe tighter around himself. He needed to just get up there, and damn the consequences. There was no other way of finding out. If Sherlock Holmes couldn't design an experiment that would tell him what John's response would be, then no power in the world would reveal it besides the obvious.
"Oh, I don't know," John said, reaching behind Sherlock and pinching his arse before he could say a thing about his deductions to Lestrade.
“You alright?” John asked in concern as Sherlock waved his hand about, hissing through clenched teeth.
John kept pumping the dildo inside of Sherlock, but took his other hand, slicked it through the fluid on Sherlock's stomach, and wrapped his hand around Sherlock's throbbing cock. Sherlock fairly howled as John jerked his cock in time with the thrusts from the dildo.
It wasn't stupid, but Sherlock didn't expect anyone to care about what was going on in their head. Most people didn't want to know anything that was going on in Sherlock's head, and liked it even less when they started voicing them aloud.
John had largely given up on trying to hide new acquisitions from Sherlock, because somehow, he always knew when John was up to something. So he ordered his latest new toys from a website, using his own email, and directed it to be delivered to 221b. He knew Sherlock would figure it out.
"And I get to choose?" Sherlock asked, sounding amused. "I thought the point of this exercise was you being in control."
Sherlock did, loving the little aftershocks running through his spent body. John simply held him, not demanding anything from him.
"I'm not going to make you go with me," Sherlock said, sounding unsure of himself. "But... I would like it if you would."
Sherlock whimpered and shifted on the bed, but his hands remained where they were. John admired the pinkish mark on Sherlock's plush behind and inspected it with his thumb. It was slightly warm to the touch. He hadn't hit Sherlock too hard the first time. He would work up to that.
Some of the Yarders, including Lestrade and Donovan climbed down to help investigate, but it didn't seem to be helping. There was nothing to see down there except dust and dirt. Sherlock was getting more and more frustrated, and taking it out on the Yarders.
Sherlock let out a low moan and wiggled his hips. John could feel Sherlock clenching down on his finger and grinned. Inside Sherlock was soft, and John crooked his finger, pressing further in. Sherlock groaned and spread his legs pleadingly.
"Oh, my dear, you are in no position to order anyone around," John purred, and ran the tip of his tongue down Sherlock's neck, following his carotid artery.
Gladstone didn't have a leash, and her collar didn't have proper identification either. John sighed and got up. There was no use arguing with people that hated you anyway.
I stared at the bed and I looked over at John. To my consternation, the man was putting away his coat in the closet without even a look at the sleeping arrangements. I waited impatiently for him to notice, but he went about his evening as if he hadn’t even noticed.
His feet were cold – it was moving into increasingly chilly weather, and he had forgotten slippers in this expedition. He sat down on the bottom stair and sighed.
“I actually didn’t take a cab,” John replied, choosing to sit in the red armchair Mycroft usually chose when he came round. Sherlock found that he liked it immensely more now that John was sitting there. “This bloke basically kidnapped me. It was his car that brought me here. He said he was your archenemy?”
“To the Brownstone first, where you will pick up a laptop, three or four cold cases from the chest I offered you, and as much information about Irene Adler and Jamie Moriarty as we have at our disposal there, all which you will deliver to Sherlock in the hospital. I would also appreciate it if you talked to him some more. He underestimates you, so he will be far easier for you to deduce on your own than if he worries about me there.”
Idly scanning the crowd, John couldn't help but return to the reason he was most glad he'd gone home, good-byes and closure aside. He hadn't seen Harry since before The Slap, and he had been eager to lay eyes on her again. He wasn't particularly surprised that it took awhile - Harry had always been particularly good at being anywhere else when the bad things took over the Watson household. Besides that, he figured she was going to be angry that he had left without saying good-bye, or that he had refused to go to their mother's funeral. It didn't even occur to him to be worried.
Harry snuffled a little in her sleep, shaking John out of his thoughts. He was stuck here until one of the half-dozen clinics he’d applied to accepted him. Then he could get Harry into rehab and pay for this completely rubbish flat himself. Until then, he needed to care for his sister, which meant cleaning up vomit, setting out paracetamol and water for his sister, and putting up the groceries. “And, apparently, buying more milk!” John finished the thought aloud, seeing the spilt carton on the ground where he’d dropped it. Huffing against the migraine building up behind his eyes, he mopped up the combined mess on the floor, set out the medicine, and stomped back out to get more milk.
They sat there for another twenty minutes, Sherlock deducing John’s entire history, then the histories of his friends, then the history of the passengers of the car they sat in, John complimenting him almost on automatic across from him the whole way. John never tired of seeing how exquisitely pleased this great bloody man looked when another “fantastic!” slipped from John’s lips, nor of how desperately he seemed to want to hide away the expression. Sherlock seemed to never tire of talking to John, putting the world he saw into words another would appreciate – not just use, or begrudgingly accept, but truly
“Jamie Moriarty,” she returned with a smile. When his eyes widened imperceptibly, the grin only grew. “I see you have heard of my husband. Perhaps you have heard of his success as well over that fool Sherlock Holmes?”
“Yeah, I could tell you were going to get a headache when you passed out,” Joan said, checking his chart. “Assuming, of course, that it was the morphine that knocked you out instead of the shock.”
Wheeew. Well, this one's done. Next week's chapter will either be a day early or a day late, since Mother's Day is kind of a whole-day celebration for my family. I can only hope for a day early, but a day late's a lot more likely. I graduate from high school on Thursday, so I've kind of got my plate full. Family's coming in, rehearsals will be attended, and parties will be thrown all over the place. In short, life's a little crowded this week.
Sherlock surprised him by lapping at him through the material, quickly getting it slick with his saliva. John groaned, and Sherlock finally took pity on his groans and pulled the material off, throwing it somewhere in the room. John didn't much care as long as Sherlock's mouth remained where it was.
"O what can ail thee, knight-at-arms, alone and palely loitering?" asked Sherlock once Mr. Fielding was in front of him.
Sherlock wanted to say, 'Only with you by my side, John,' but he couldn't say anything without it coming out in lines of Shakespeare. With all of Shakespeare's love sonnets out there, that would probably end in disaster.
Finally, he licked around the soft skin of Sherlock's hole, his tongue skimming the rim. It was still gaping, and John licked just inside. Sherlock started gasping under his breath, pleading in a low tone for John to add more pressure, anything.
He was utterly shocked when John's lips touched his shoulder where one scar wrapped up and around. Sherlock shuddered, and John stopped.
That was heavenly. Just the fact he had hot water was excellent, but the fact it was also sluicing away layers of grime was wonderful. There were a bunch of posh-looking bottles with shampoo and soap in them that smelled of sandalwood. He scrubbed his mess of hair out at least five times and was thrilled to feel the squeak of cleanliness.
"Oh, her parents had a little dispute with the Woman at some point or another, but they thought she'd forgotten about it and didn't realize she'd been planning her revenge ever since they wronged her."
It turned out, it was not. The naga coiled around again and started surrounding John with its sinuous body. John took a running leap over the coils and did a rolling dodge as the end of the naga’s tail came around.
Everyone looked on expectantly, and so, with a hard swallow, Sherlock lifted the glass to his lips, tilted his head back and gulped the remainder of his drink down. Which was most of the pint, actually, because Sherlock wasn't a beer guzzler, and had been drinking as slowly as possible.
"Not as far as I could throw you. Now remember, unless this goes off without a hitch, you won't see a single quid."
He demonstrated this by pressing his mouth to Sherlock's stomach again and blowing a raspberry against it. Sherlock laughed helplessly, writhing on the sheets.
People in the street were turning and looking up at the window in curiosity, but Sherlock only had eyes for John, who was turning around and striding back towards Sherlock and 221b. Sherlock rushed down the stairs, nearly tripping in his haste and unlocked it.
Like he'd discovered, his predictions regarding reactions of John Watson were increasingly likely to be wrong when it came to a major event. This was the opposite of what he expected. John never gave into anything that might suggest he had any sort of sexual or romantic attachment to men, and it seemed especially so with Sherlock.
Above average intelligence, although still not enough to come close to matching Sherlock’s brain. No one did, except Mycroft.
It was snowing outside as Sherlock rested his head against John's thigh on the couch. The fire was going, and everything was pleasantly warm and comfortable. John was pretending to watch some gameshow on BBC Two.
Sherlock groaned as John started to work the plug out of him, putting pressure on different spots as he eased it out. Sherlock whimpered, the emptiness inside of him aching for something to fill it up.
He couldn't say it out loud, not yet. This was still too fragile, a gossamer thread bond between them that had to be nurtured and grow before any declarations like that.
"When I get back, I want you on the bed with the book open to the page, and all the rope we'll need laid out for me," John said, then went back into the kitchen.
Before Sherlock could really get into the fantasy, there was a knock on the door downstairs. Sherlock had sent Mrs. Hudson to stay with her sister for a few days while he was in heat. Who could possibly be downstairs? Was it John again? His pulse picked up for just a second before he shook his head. It didn't matter if it were John, he'd still have to tell him to leave.
Hello all! Sorry about the late update, but I'm moving home again. I also got a Twitter account (@TeaTestosterone) if you want to follow me there. If you follow me, I follow back. Just a quick question. Does anyone want me to update faster (like every 3-4 days) because the chapters are so short? Or is a week a good amount of time for deciding the next move? You can answer in the comments or chat with me on Twitter. Also! What hashtags do we use on Twitter??? Thanks everyone!
"Sorry if I'm being abrupt," Lestrade said. "It's been a rough morning, and I haven't been able to make hide nor hair of this crime scene. Sherlock is my consultant, but I had no idea he had an assistant."
Sherlock shrugged. Even if he were inclined to be supportive of John’s dating habits, which he wasn’t, he had no idea what constituted a proper date. He imagined most dates didn’t go according to the mainstream romantic ideal.
The first thing that Sherlock decided that he needed to do was find out if the other person, the man that the authorities thought was mad was actually mad or... like Sherlock.
"Pink!" Sherlock yelled back, because they were certain that Lestrade hadn't even noticed that the lady's suitcase was obviously too conspicuous to hang on to for long.
, it had big barrels of beer lined up with feeds to take the beer up to the taps above. There were spare barrels of the local favourites around, but not much else besides.
Sherlock, somewhat calmed by the smooth motion of the taxi, looked over and caught John staring at him.
Gladstone stopped mid-bound and bolted back to his side immediately. She kept pace with him as they both made their way to Sherlock's side. Lestrade looked them both over.
John was stupefied. Luckily, the food showed up, and he started shoveling chow mein into his mouth to avoid having to say anything.
The first stop was the hairdresser, and Sherlock suddenly realized that they had no idea what to ask the hairdresser for. Every other time they'd been, it had just been to trim the ends. To make their hair into an actual style was something they hadn't considered. Sherlock didn't know anything about styling hair at all. Surely it would be harder once it was short?
The first time they'd tried this, with the handcuffs, had probably been a bit not good. It had ended in a satisfying way for both, luckily, but what it it hadn't? If Sherlock had panicked, he could have done himself some real damage. John wanted to do this type of thing properly this time round, or not at all.
Sherlock's entire focus shrunk down to where John's mouth was pressing against his. There was no calculating or thinking his way through this. Sherlock thought he might die if John didn't just keep doing this forever. Breathing was less necessary than John's mouth on his.
I've been trying to update this more, but I keep getting distracted by other things. It is being updated, though! Here's a new chapter, and I hope you're still enjoying it.
His trousers felt rather too tight, and Sherlock kept getting tantalizing brushes of John’s knee against his bollocks.
Sherlock, who had landed on his back with his feet up in the air, ankles still on the edge of the bed, sat up and glared.
John was being so reasonable about it that Sherlock snapped, “"Could not all hell afford you such a devil?"
"It's fine," Sherlock said, waving a hand. "I'll become accustomed soon, and then you needn't worry."
“N-never mind, I didn’t realize you were busy!” Sherlock said hastily, and before either of them could say anything, escaped back into his flat.
Sherlock wrapped one of his hands around John's cock, and John shuddered against him. His cock was hot to the touch, and thick. It was the kind of cock one saw in porn, not that Sherlock watched porn. Well, maybe once or twice. A week.
Sherlock did like Italian, and could have brought them both some excellent pasta from down the street. But something about John cooking for him, making him something with his own two hands and then serving it to Sherlock was very appealing. A warm flutter in his abdomen seconded this thought.
Sherlock almost didn’t, didn’t want to subject himself to this churning feeling in his gut that was suddenly questioning not only the validity of his feelings, but whether or not all this was even a good idea to begin with. What was he going to do about this, ask John out? Honestly, he was far too -
John had insisted they go shopping together for presents after Sherlock had said that John could just put both their names on the gifts. Somehow, that had translated to being here, during the Christmas rush.
“You didn’t make a mistake,” John said quietly. “You brought curry? Let’s reheat it, go back to mine, watch some telly.”
Sherlock, disregarding John's advice, wiggled his fingers in his dark leather gloves and looked up at the ivy trellis running up the side of the house in delight. John stifled a groan of dismay, shaking his head. This wasn't going to end well.
"What if you're outed, and then you ruin the investigation?" Sherlock argued. "John and I can handle it ourselves!"
As he spanked Sherlock, John felt Sherlock leaking and rubbing against his leg. By the time he reached twenty-eight spanks, Sherlock was sobbing with a mixture of pain and frustration. John stopped for a moment, and Sherlock rutted against his leg.
"I don't think I'd like that," Sherlock admitted. "I don't think you would either, for that matter."
Sherlock didn't pride himself in his drawing ability, although his drawings were very detailed and exact. It was a means to an end – the successful close of the latest case.
"You marvelous thing," John said, and he backed up until he almost fell backwards, sinking back into his chair with Sherlock in his lap.
Sherlock’s heart leapt, and he found himself nodding vigorously before he’d even formulated a response to this surprising invitation.
Sherlock blinked in surprise and thought to himself that he should probably be far more upset by this turn of events.
John skimmed his hand down Sherlock's front, eliciting a shiver from Sherlock. His fingers speared through the curly hair at Sherlock's groin, and rested there for a moment. Sherlock whined, and John wrapped a warm, firm hand around his cock. Sherlock felt all the air rush out of him, and he gasped as John stroked him once in a long, slow pull.
I looked at John. John looked worried, and I remembered I was supposed to be listening. I tried to look through the slats of the cupboard, and I could vaguely see Malcolm stalking around the room. I was still so close to John – he could probably hear my heart pounding against his skin. It was too late to do anything about that.
"And then you died," John said. "One of the reasons I was so angry with you was the regret I felt sort of curdled inside of me during the time you were gone. It was terrible, like I'd lost my one chance at happiness. And then, I met Mary, and she held me together in a way that I hadn't felt since I met you. It wasn't quite the same, but at the time, it felt pretty damn close."
Gossiping about minor celebrities didn’t seem like it should be part of her job, but since it was helping with the case, Sherlock wasn’t complaining.
John continued, "You know, I still don't think I like women, per se. If you're genderfluid, however... then you're not a woman at all, are you? You're something completely different."
He was starting to get a little too heated up, so he checked to see if Sherlock was still soft from his orgasm. Sherlock wasn't hard yet, but John had a fair estimate on how long it took to get Sherlock going again.
John eased it into Sherlock. At first, there was slight resistance, but all at once, it went in easily in one, smooth slide. Sherlock shuddered hard and moaned.
Gladstone wasn't really one for baths, so John wondered how he had managed to accomplish this feat. Gladstone didn't do anything that she didn't want to, and not many people wanted to argue with a seventy pound animal with big teeth.
John had just had a long day at work. The last bout of winter flu had just made its rounds of the clinic, and he was dead on his feet. All he wanted to do was fall into his armchair with a nice cup of tea and a good book.
Sherlock did as he was told, cheeks still pink as he got into the position. He looked back over his shoulder, and John smiled crookedly at him before moving. He pulled the little tiny shorts down his thighs, exposing Sherlock's arse. Sherlock whimpered and John smirked.
It took much too long to realize that there were warm arms wrapped tightly around me, and a soft voice was saying in my ear, “You’re okay, Sherlock. You’re okay; I’m here for you.”
“Finding them would take months or years with an army,” Mycroft said. “Armies are slow. Need to move at the whim of a commander. This mission needs one sole individual who can find the pair without alerting them.”
"Ah, there he is!" Posh Bloke exclaimed in an excited whisper. "He's leaving... yes, good. Locking up for the night."
"I think you should be able to say two words if it accurately describes what first comes to your mind," John argued. "It's not a full thought if I just say 'horror.' Or 'film.' Clowns bring to mind horror films, and only those two words together will do."
"Yes, John?" Sherlock pretended nonchalance, but John could see his pupils expanding from across the table.
"Only every other – ah!" Sherlock lifted his head and glared down at John. "Not the stomach, I told you!"
"Yes," Sherlock replied. "Today... I just couldn't stand it anymore. I went a bit... mad, I suppose, and just cut it off. But I just made it worse!"
“Oh, of course!” the woman answered immediately. “Here, there’s some brochures on the summer beach festival on Friday.”
After a while, Sherlock realized there was a commotion going on downstairs and went to look out of the window. As predicted, John was facing off with the alpha. Sherlock smiled in satisfaction, and went back to his experiment.
"But lucky Sherlock," Mummy used to say. "Her hair is so lovely. She'll be the envy of all the girls! And all the boys will chase her."
Sherlock gritted their teeth and made another cut. And another, and another, frantic, hands trembling as they sheared away their long hair.
John stopped and stared, and just when Sherlock was certain he was about to be kicked out of the flat, he grinned.
Before Sherlock had quite processed what was happening, John broke away and asked, "Is that... alright?"
Tentatively, Sherlock circled one arm over John's body, and John, whether asleep or awake, settled into the embrace. Sherlock rested his cheek on top of John's head, breathed in John's scent, strong as it was near his hairline.
Sherlock struggled with quick, jerky movements, removing the robe and John's ratty t-shirt. John's hands immediately went to smooth up Sherlock's sides, thumbs tweaking at Sherlock's pebbled nipples. Sherlock whined and panted as John's mouth joined the fray, lapping and sucking at them.
Sherlock flushed and hid his face against John's shoulder. John laughed lightly and wrapped his arms around Sherlock's body. They were curled up together impossibly, and Sherlock couldn't tell how they fit so well intertwined. It was a lot more comfortable than he had imagined it being.
What Sherlock meant was that they should go speak to Mycroft, but instead, strange words spewed forth from his mouth. These words certainly made no sense at all to Sherlock, and John just looked at him strangely.
John Watson, Knight of the Seven Realms, made his way to the stable to find his trusty steed. As he was making his way through Mycroft's castle, he noticed that there was someone following him. Surely news of his quest hadn't spread so fast that there were already enemies to fight?
“What singest thou? it said; Know'st thou not, there is but one theme for ever-enduring bards?” Sherlock said smugly.
He went next to Sherlock's head with the book and flipped through it until Sherlock found one he liked.  This one wasn't a difficult one either, and John had the feeling that Sherlock was trying to choose ones that John wouldn't have trouble with, simple ones to start off with.
Sherlock could smell garlic and basil from down the hallway as he exited the stairwell of their crappy building. The stairwell had smelled of an unearthly mixture of wet dog and marijuana, so the change was definitely preferable. Sherlock had gotten rained on while walking back from the tube, and his hair was damp.
Sherlock was setting up an experiment when John walked in and announced, "I'm thinking that we should have a Christmas party here at Baker street."
John wanted to see everything that Sherlock had, both the good, like this beautiful city, and the bad.
Sherlock looked at him questioningly, but did as ordered. His eyes widened at the sight of the black leather cuffs that John slid around his wrists. They were a thing of beauty, real leather, one thick cuff lined with two straps to buckle them shut, each with a loop to secure a ring through, joined by a silver chain. It had been expensive, but worth it to see them adorning Sherlock's wrists. It had nothing to do with the roleplay, John just wanted to see him wear them.
John was obviously teetering on the edge of leaving and going on a date with this Chantelle person. She was a nurse, so obviously John would feel like there was something in common already. How annoying. This one might be harder to drive off.
John had tried to keep the rest of his stash of sex toys secret from Sherlock, so that he would be surprised when John finally incorporated them into their sex life. Of course, Sherlock's thirst for both sex and further knowledge was insatiable, and he'd soon rooted out most of what John had kept hidden.
“No need to be so snarky with me,” John said. “Look, you’re obviously frustrated, but that doesn’t mean that you should snap at me.”
Which meant that he had it figured, but was reluctant to tell John how it had happened. That could only mean that John wasn't going to like the answer.
He filled up a glass of water, then dug around in his doctor first aid kit until he found a pair of scissors meant to cut away clothing. He brought the water, the kit, and the scissors back to the room with him.
"Was it the massage?" John asked. "I know you normally avoid them. If you really didn't want me to touch you, you could have just asked me not to."
John put his back against the wall of the building and bent his knees. Sherlock stood on John's knee, then climbed onto his shoulder. John slowly straightened his legs, pushing Sherlock up the wall. Sherlock briefly admired John's strength. Grasping the window ledge, Sherlock pulled himself up and found himself inside the warehouse.
"Not enough from the crime scenes to pin it on him, or really suspect it's him, except that we think we know that he's the one behind the credit card fraud," Lestrade said. "So this year, we're going to get him. We've been following his movements –"
Well, there was one thing he could do. Try and find out what this Merlin Consulting thing was, and trace it to its origin. It had to exist somewhere if they owned the warehouse.
John snorted back a laugh and hastily started undoing shirt buttons. "You're a right menace, Sherlock Holmes, seducing innocent doctors while they're watching telly."
Apparently, umbrellas were impossible to mime. John had no idea what he meant. Also, sleek black cars were also hard to get across. Finally, in frustration, Sherlock held his hands in front of his belly and made the shape of a large belly.
Mycroft knew of course, probably had known longer than even Sherlock. He simply wanted to torment Sherlock by refusing to see reason.
"You're not weak, Sherlock," John said. "You know I've known soldiers that have been captured and tortured, and I didn't once think they were weak. Rather, you're stronger than you can even imagine."
"He strikes on Valentine's Day," Lestrade said, with an eyeroll. "Kills a couple, every time. Lays them out all posed in hotel suites with a Valentine's theme."
Sherlock blushed hotly and stammered, "Well, since it's – it's you... I... wouldn't be. Opposed. To such a thing taking place. Eventually."
John seemed to fall asleep almost straight away, his soft snores filling the room. But I couldn’t seem to get there, chasing dreams and foggy inspiration well unto midnight. It was so strange sharing a bed with John. He was so far away from me, but also so close. If I shifted just a little I’d be able to feel the heat radiating off him in the night. It too me a long while to fall asleep.
John had lots of things he still wanted to try out. He had a feather that he wanted to tease Sherlock with for hours. He had the strands of a leather flogger he wanted to draw over Sherlock's back and over the curve of his arse. He wasn't finished with this game by a long shot.
To be sure, John could be very charming and gentlemanly in his own way. However, much like Sherlock, he found it tedious to carry on in such a manner. The difference was that Sherlock acknowledged this about himself, and John liked to pretend that he was some  semblance of normal most of the time.
Of course he did. Sherlock picked up the man's left hand and pointed at the man's hand. John examined it, finding the lighter skin around his ring finger.
Sherlock was back with their coffee, and he immediately started explaining the multiple layers of history and how exciting it all was.
They both shimmied out of their trousers at the same time, and once they were only in their pants, it seemed to Sherlock like they both suddenly became shy. John tentatively reached for Sherlock and pulled him close, chest to chest. They were so close now, and John's skin was sliding against his. It was more intimate, and sent more sensation through him.
John came and stood right outside their door and rapped on it. "I know you hate hanging out in your room – who wouldn't, with it being as tiny as it is. Just come out, I promise I'll be quiet."
Sherlock complied, pressing the insides of his wrists together for John to finish tying. That didn't take long, and John considered the logistics of the next tie carefully before doing anything.
Then, Gladstone came and put her head next to John's. At the next echo of Sherlock's fist, her ears perked up. She whuffed low in her throat, and that echoed too. She barked, louder this time. As she made more noise, the Yarders all turned to look at the three of them lying on the floor.
Sherlock had handcuffed himself to the metal bedframe by looping the chain through one of the rungs, and now his hands were strung up above his head. His positioning kept him from moving around too much. John looked around the room and located the key first, although he couldn't help but notice that there was an untwisted paperclip on the bed as well.
John set down the teacup he’d brought out with him on the balcony rail and said, “Why don’t you pop over and I’ll take a look at it? Medical training, and all that.”
"But you do want to stay," Sherlock said, and John caught the look of vulnerability in his eyes before he looked away.
"Is that what's bothering you?" John asked with a laugh. "Don't worry, Sherlock, I'm not going to snap at you. I just wanted to see the premier of the next series of Doctor Who."
John was in Speedy's, just sitting and enjoying a good roast beef sandwich and a cup of tea when Lestrade found him. John sighed and waited for Lestrade to get himself settled.
"Whatever you mean, I'm sure it wasn't anything nice," John said. "I'm leaving. Goodbye Sherlock, and good riddance. I'll see you when you've calmed down somewhat."
Sherlock was lying on his stomach on the bed, propped up on his elbows and waiting for John. The book was open to one page, and four bundles of rope were laid out neatly next to him. John put the glass down next to Sherlock and set the kit and the scissors within easy reach.
"Because she only reacts like that when she's found someone trapped underneath rubble and wants us to help get them out," John said. "She's only urgent about getting our attention if there's a chance we can save them and we're not just recovering bodies. Which means –"
That left Sherlock in his own flat, feeling abandoned and humiliated, holding two helpings of curry that weren’t going to get eaten. Sherlock didn’t feel that hungry anymore. He went to put them in the fridge, remembered it wasn’t working, and slumped. He stood dumbly in the middle of the kitchen for a moment or two, then finally opened the fridge and put the curry in. At least the cockroaches wouldn’t get it in there.
"No, I won't," Mycroft nodded. "This whole incident means I can pressure them into forgiving our trading debt in exchange for not holding a grudge over your current state."
What Sherlock meant to say was, "Too late," but what came out was, "We are time's subjects, and time bids be gone."
“I don’t understand what’s going on,” Sherlock admitted quietly, staring at his own lap, and at the congealing curry.
The real problem was that John Watson's reactions to situations could not be reliably counted on to be predictable. They should be, but they absolutely weren't. Sherlock had that underlined in his notes, because Sherlock had run countless tests on John's reactions to a variety of stimuli only to find that no matter how well Sherlock had determined that he knew John, he could only accurately predict his reaction to 75% of situations. Not only that, the data was skewed, because Sherlock could accurately predict the vast majority of minor situations, such as when they ran out of milk, or if Sherlock demanded a cup of tea. He almost had 100% accuracy for small, pointless interactions.
John urged Sherlock to get into bed, and John pulled him into a hug. It almost seemed like... snuggling. Sherlock sighed in contentment and let himself relax. He loved John. This was okay. He'd have been okay with whatever John had wanted to do, but John had insisted that it wasn't right. So they would wait.
Sherlock pressed a quick kiss to his hair in response, and John inwardly thrilled, even though it was just a role that Sherlock was playing.
He knew he couldn't be, was just the same old John Watson who lived on the streets who had PTSD, depression, and a psychosomatic limp. But just the fact he had gone through a bit of a whirlwind revolution made him feel like he'd been recreated.
This was actually his third night standing at the bottom of the stairs and trying to summon up the courage to climb them. The other night, he'd managed to get his foot on the second stair for ten minutes, and then he'd turned and fled back to his room. God, he hoped Mycroft didn't have any spy cameras around to pick up on this ridiculous act.
"Nothing," Sherlock replied again, feeling a bit like an automaton, just repeating the same response.
Sherlock simply nodded, and he was taken up to where everyone was watching telly in the lounge, among them, Mr. Fielding.
Mr. Fielding leaned over his shoulder as he carefully underlined his own name and the word 'detective.' This seemed to excite Mr. Fielding quite a lot, as he smiled and pointed at the picture, the one of Sherlock in that awful hat. Sherlock nodded and gave Mr. Fielding an emphatic thumbs up.
We decided to start with Malcolm and Xavier’s shared room. It wasn’t hard to find as I knew for a fact that all of the celebrity couples were on the same floor as us.
At that moment I realized that Malcolm had gone to his bed and knelt down. He pulled a handgun out from under his mattress and cocked it.
I actually got to write this within a reasonable amount of time! Hope everyone is ready! I have a feeling we're getting close to the end!
"Sherlock," Molly said, glaring up at him. "It may have escaped your notice, but you're a dragon.You're bigger than those rocks by quite a lot!"
No one answered, so I used the key card to open the door. The two of us slipped inside quickly, and we found a fairly tidy room.
“Greg Lestrade,” said the Captain. “Anyway, anyone who hasn't been living under a rock knows who you are.”
"Let me embrace thee toad, and love thee, O thou abhominable, loathsome gargarism, that will fetch up lungs, lights, heart, and liver, by scruples!" Sherlock agreed.
Sherlock turned out the light and lay there in the dark. John took about fifteen minutes to fall asleep, but Sherlock lay awake, listening to him breathe.
"Well, I... at least we could have stayed in Truro," Sherlock muttered, having no idea why he had suddenly switched to the opposing argument, but finding himself compelled to follow it through to its end.
At least this latest verse had distracted John from his unfortunate reaction. Sherlock decided that this was a good tactic, and continued.
Sherlock just smiled sleepily and tried to turn around in John’s arms so that he could finally kiss him. It took a lot more effort to turn over while tangled up in bedsheets, but Sherlock managed. He kissed John’s mouth and breathed in the soft, sweet smell of their combined scents after sleeping in the same bed all night.
Sherlock returned to the flat to the smell of spices and fruit. It seemed that John was making something on the stovetop, stirring a pot and humming faintly. Sherlock crept closer to have a look, curious in spite of himself. It smelled wonderful, and perhaps John would let him have some.
The thing was, it had been almost alarmingly easy for Sherlock to convince John to sleep in his bed, and although this should have pleased him, instead Sherlock was suspicious. He didn't know what was going on, but he intended to find out.
Sherlock sat on the end of the couch opposite John. The couch shifted with Sherlock's weight, then settled. John didn't even blink at the intrusion on his attention. Sherlock, determined to regain John's regard, shifted closer with a slight shimmy of his hips.
"That could work," John said, without really meaning to. He wanted to, but it probably wasn't advisable, at least on the part of someone who was pretending to be in love with someone he was pretending not to be in love with.
John ran at the naga, dodging the snake’s coils, jumping and leaping towards his goal. He was so preoccupied with the snake half of the naga that he forgot that there was another half. To his surprise, as he got near enough to stab the creature, it whirled around and punched him. The punch sent John effortlessly flying through the air to land on the ground several feet away.
The bottom line was, Sherlock was acting stupidly about this, and it had to stop before John figured it out.
He couldn't play the violin right now, but that didn't mean he couldn't still make music. His voice, while out of practice, could certainly produce something like a song. He didn't know many songs, so he sang something he had heard on the radio while he'd been taking a cab.
John frowned. "No need to be so dramatic, Sherlock. I know that we have a case ongoing, but surely it can wait until tomorrow."
“If I…” John didn’t finish. Instead, he put the plate of curry aside, leaned across the couch and kissed Sherlock on the cheek, right below his cheekbone. Sherlock blinked, startled, and stayed very still as John pulled away again. He felt a little dazzled at the unexpected show of affection, and that it seemed as if John was announcing his intentions.
Molly was at the lab when they got there, and was in fact, just beginning to remove the man's clothes in order to examine him.
He was rooting through the garbage when he heard the door to the back of the pub open. John automatically crouched down out of sight, and Gladstone immediately fell in beside him, copying his actions. Sometimes pub owners would chase people away from their bins, and John tended to try and avoid confrontation.
Mycroft could go and deal with the country's problems without Sherlock, as far as Sherlock was concerned. His biggest problem was that he was far too big to get into his laboratory to get his notes and equipment to do experiments with.
He married. He loved and lost. And then he fell into a quagmire without letting me know how I could help. And still, I wondered if it were a conflict of interest, because I loved him, and I wanted him to be happy.
"So, I stole his notes, and I've determined that all you have to do is destroy the pattern made by the stones he's drawn runes on that make your prison," Molly said.
“The closest town to the Wasting Sea was that one we passed over on the coast, remember?” Molly said. “Should we start there?”
To their horror, Sherlock felt tears of anger and helplessness welling up in their eyes and dashed them away with a frustrated hand. This was no time for crying, they had to figure out what to do about it. Panicking had lead to this situation, and panicking was not going to help them now.
He needed to know how it tasted. Not just for data, he had an aching need to know. And so he went to find out, dipping his head down and licking a short stripe over the glans. John yelled in surprise. Sherlock found he quite liked the musky taste and licked again, more firmly. He grasped the base in one hand and carefully fit his mouth over John's cock, going down as far as he could before gagging. He couldn't deep-throat, like in porn, but it felt good to have his mouth so full.
Lestrade got up and left the shop, and John finished his sandwich and his tea before following Lestrade up into the apartment. Lestrade was standing over Sherlock, and Sherlock was sulking and washing the handcuffs off while wearing rubber gloves. John waited while Sherlock finished with his task and tried to hand the still-wet cuffs to Lestrade.
John gasped at the sight, tore down his jeans and pants quickly, and took himself in his hand which was still sticky with Sherlock's release. Several rough strokes later and his come coated Sherlock's stomach as well.
Sherlock watched with wide eyes as John unbuttoned his shirt, revealing an ever-widening swath of pale skin. Sherlock struggled to untangle himself from it, and John laughed softly and kissed the wing of his collarbone. Sherlock pressed his face to John’s hair and reached up to tangle his fingers in it. It was gloriously soft and smelled delicious, the scent of it working its way into Sherlock’s very cells.
John kissed his neck again, and then between his shoulderblades. He kissed the curve of one shoulder and then the other. His mouth was warm and soft as he trailed it down one shoulderblade, and then down his spine. Sherlock couldn't handle the contact, burying his face in the pillow under his head to hide his furiously red face.
They both collapsed together on the bed, too drained from the session to bother to get up to get a washcloth to wipe them both down. John bundled Sherlock into his arms and held him against his chest, whispering nonsense into Sherlock's hair. He petted his hair and told him how good he was until the little shakes that wracked Sherlock's overwhelmed body stopped.
"You even look a bit like him," a new voice from the doorway said loudly, announcing Sally. "I think it's the cheekbones. But he's much more charming."
Upon hearing this, Mr. Fielding calmed down, and Sherlock hastily put the matchbox away. Sherlock took a map of London out of his pocket, went to a nearby table and flattened it out. Mr. Fielding looked it over, and Sherlock pointedly patted the pocket that had the matchbox in it. Seeming to understand, Mr. Fielding approached the map.
John reached around, his fist closing around Sherlock's cock, which was slippery with precome. John jerked him once, twice, and Sherlock howled. He came in spurts all over the bed, and then collapsed in the circle of John's arms, too tired to move.
John withdrew and Sherlock made another frustrated noise and struggled against his restraints. John ignored him, calmly going over to Sherlock's bedside table and sifting through it until he found one of the many bottles of lube Sherlock owned.
"I just wanted groceries," he said to Gladstone, feeling the anger slowly abating, but leaving behind a defeated heaviness in its place.
But I knew they were up to something. As rarely as it was that Lestrade and Mycroft worked together, they tended to make a good team. And Mycroft's entrance was too convenient. Not to mention, their reasoning was flimsy.
And that's why, when John arrived home at 5:43 in the evening, Tesco bag in hand, he found Sherlock sitting naked on the stairs, drinking a cup of tea and reading the newspaper he'd filched from Mrs. Hudson's flat.
“Which station are you looking at?” John asked casually. “I like Channel 5, you know, the one with that Alexander fellow.”
But the package didn't raise so much as an eyebrow in his direction, so he took it upstairs, and put it on their bed to open later.
It was almost closing time, and there were still patrons inside. John would never have considered going inside, except for the thought that something was actually happening in his life. John didn't know what he could possibly even do to help, he just wanted to be here.
"Could I come near your beauty with my nails, I could set my ten commandments in your face," Sherlock muttered to himself, thinking of Chantelle.
"You don't want to marry me still, do you?" Sherlock asked fretfully. "Only, I'm not very much interested in people of the female persuasion."
"And they just let you?" John asked, frowning. "Wait, if you're a consulting detective, do they pay you?"
“Looks like we need to get rid of these,” John said, hooking his thumbs in the waistband and pulling them off carefully.
The blanket was currently growing mould spores in the vacant 221C where Sherlock sometimes broke into to carry out experiments that wouldn't fit in the kitchen. It was proving to be quite diverting. However, it was no longer fit to keep a human body warm.
That was apparently the wrong thing to say to get him to leave. The other alpha bristled angrily and stood up taller, trying to make himself look as large as possible. John squared himself up as well. The air between them was tight with tension.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock, I’ve made a mess of things,” John finally said. “I didn’t mean to make you feel like I didn’t want you to come over. I do, all the time.”
The windows didn’t close properly, his toilet kept breaking and needing to be repaired, and his kitchen had become infested by cockroaches for no discernable reason. It certainly wasn’t because there was food, because Sherlock had no food. Which was just as well, because his fridge had broken down and had yet to be replaced, because the damn thing was so old that they didn’t make spare parts for it anymore.
"Your hair," John said, fingers brushing over their rampant curls. "I didn't imagine that you'd cut off this much of it from the amount in the sink."
It wasn't even the fact that Sherlock had lost his shoe, it was the fact he'd also lost his sock that made him angry. Those had been his favourite socks, and now he only had one. Most people would think that Sherlock was above having a favourite pair of socks. They would be wrong. His favourite pair of socks was grey, the exact shade of tobacco ash sample #243.
"Yes, I see you rather get my point on why that blood sample would be important," Sherlock said tersely. "Can we get with the program? I haven't got all day. Need to get my new assistant some things."
“I suppose,” said John. “So, I guess I should introduce myself. My name is John Watson. Who are you?”
I love this chapter a lot. Hope it was worth the wait, to all you chaps who are following this story.
He went to physio for a while, for his shoulder. He just couldn't handle it. The doctors were always upbeat, cheerful, and certain of his recovery. They would tell him encouraging things and smile, like they knew everything would be okay in the end. John couldn't stand them.
Sherlock made his way back through his flat and went to the front door, cradling his burnt hand against his stomach. It didn’t hurt as much as it had when it first happened, but there was no need to let John know that.
“What exactly is your relation with Sherlock Holmes?” the tall man with the umbrella asked, and John nearly laughed aloud. From the moment he’d picked up that bloody pay phone, he wondered if talking to Sherlock the night before had opened the floodgates for the weird in his life. Apparently, he was right.
“John is special because he is one of the only people in the world who can surprise me,” Sherlock said, as if reading from a list. Joan wondered if he actually was, if he had a whole list of why John was so important. The thought made her want to smile, but she stifled it. “I did not doubt when we met in St. Bart’s that he would move in with me, but I did not even consider that he would stay. He involved himself in my cases and began a blog about me, which garnered me more cases than I thought possible. He shoots men when they try to kill me and has proves handy as a doctor around when minor injuries occur. He has become essential to my work.”
going to get sick of that anytime soon) and darted into the bathroom. Once he heard the shower running, he grabbed his trousers from the floor and pulled out his phone, fully intending to look up a rehab clinic for Harry. Instead, he smiled and opened the group text.
Looking back, John didn't really remember The Slap. The event itself was seared into his brain, probably forever - his head hitting the door frame behind him, his mouth burning with the pain of biting down on his tongue and the bitter copper of his blood, his eyes automatically filling with tears, the tidal wave of gratitude he could no longer see his father's twisted, livid face, the icy prick of shame at his weakness, his vulnerability. If he closed his eyes, he could still hear his mother's desperation. Like she was still begging.
“You play the violin?” the other Sherlock asked. Sherlock hesitated - and damn it, other Sherlock saw it - and nodded. “I do, too… But you’re not surprised by that, are you?” he added. “Who are you and how do you know so much about me?”
, Sherlock thought. “Would he be?” he asked, pointing at the other Sherlock. “Would he be here today if it weren’t for you?”
“We’ve faced a woman who grew ears on their back and cut them off to frame her husband, a man who pushed another woman into train tracks in order to kill his wife without anybody believing she was dead, a kidnapped kid who raped his kidnapper, a conspiracy theorist who’d been killed because one of his conspiracies was the truth, an evil woman who seduced a man, faked her own death, and ran an empire built on death, blackmail, and subterfuge, and we have bested them all.
Sherlock swore and strode across the room to send his brother a very profane text. “Bloody Mycroft,” he mumbled, and John looked at him slantwise.
Joan smiled at the memory of her first encounter of her eccentric partner, even as she threw a handful of cornmeal from the bag at her bedside to Remus to keep him from crowing again and waking the whole block. As she stripped and pulled on her running clothes, she rolled the thought of their approaching anniversary around in her mind. They had never celebrated before, since the first anniversary of their meeting fell fairly close to the beginning of their official partnership, and they were too preoccupied with adjusting and training even to remember to eat on some days. She had remembered the second, third, and fourth anniversaries, but she wasn’t the kind to celebrate every year, and neither was Sherlock, if he even remembered at all. But in only three months, they will have known each other for five years…
“I don’t offend easily, and, as you noticed last night, I was a soldier. I’m not afraid of you,” John replied easily. “I think I can handle whatever you tell me.”
“A little,” she said. “Letting him underestimate me meant that I had to let him steer the conversation, but one big thing did come out of it. I don’t think he just cared about John. I think he was in love with him, romantically.”
He appears capable but unwilling. I don’t think I’m any more than a prop in the background to him at present. Mostly he appears simultaneously frustrated with the delay and exasperated with his ex for being overly solicitous.
Then Sherlock’s teeth scraped along his bottom lip, and John stopped thinking about why he was being kissed and started wondering how much father he could push this.
No other witnesses meant that Sherlock had full creative liberty here to spy and search for information as he pleased. Martinssen doubtlessly rarely left the lab, but that only gave Sherlock time to watch him work and attempt to deduce the connections. Even if he couldn’t deduce, the time spying (there were air ducts wide enough to fit him and John, for God’s sake) would help him figure out a strategy to coerce him into giving himself away.
This is not beta'd, not Britpricked, not even really revised much. This is really more like me trying to vomit the fluff bunnies out of my system so I can write actual plot. We'll see.
was love until the next day, when he realized he’d shot the cabbie for him, and he’d fallen one step farther. He’d fallen in love with him when John met him at the Lucky Cat from his own ingenuity, and when he’d spotted the Chinese numbers therein. He loved him for the speed with which he left Sarah’s even when he was supposed to be mad with him because of the bombing, and he loved him for dealing with Mycroft even when he was
"Afghanistan or Iraq?" And yeah, John was definitely going crazy. Definitely, absolutely, 100%. Because there was no way the man in front of him was the same man who was with the Doctor in the blue box. There was no coat, no red buttonhole, but the face was the same. John tended to remember faces for a long time, and that was the prat's. It was just impossible; for one thing, the man looked nearly ten years younger, which should have been impossible. But if John was one thing, it was stubborn in the face of the impossible. He played along, and may have just gotten a flat and a flatmate out of the deal.
As for the rest, Sherlock could imagine clearly. Lestrade would be at the bar, failing to get a buzz on in front of a football game as he wonders what he’s going to do without his number one asset. (Sherlock supposed he could be grieving him as well, but Lestrade is not the saint everyone makes him out to be. He’ll be worried about himself, too.) Mrs. Hudson would be hoovering and hovering between putting 221B up for rent, offering it to John and Mary, or keeping it as a shrine to Sherlock. His parents would be putting together a petition to bring him back and calling Mycroft every few minutes to beg him to push it through. Mycroft would be ignoring the buzzing in his pockets and standing an uncomfortable vigil with the Watsons. (Maybe he’d even be eating cake! What? He was off to his death! He’s allowed to think amusing thoughts if he wants. Especially if they’re true…) Molly would be at the morgue, mourning and debating ringing up Tom again. Anderson would be coming up with about five different reasons why he couldn’t have killed Magnussen. Janine would be raising a glass of champagne to him, even as she searches for a new job. And the Woman … probably calling up a reservation to have dinner alone in his memory.
Joan added silently.) “We figured that would be enough to keep you entertained for a while. Sherlock’s gone to bully some prison wardens into figuring out the details behind Moriarty’s escape from her imprisonment.” Sherlock nodded and reached for the laptop.
"Hello, Rose. You've grown up, haven't you?" Rose turned to her younger cousin, and John saw the moment when she decided the only good response for that was a hug.
Also, I don't have it tagged, because it's real roundabout, but there's a touch of suicidal thoughts this chapter. Also, the description of physical abuse and its aftermath step up in this chapter. So please proceed with caution, with self-care in mind. Also, since I have no personal experience with physical abuse or the like, if you do and you feel like I misrepresented it or in any way trivialized it, let me know. I am not above or opposed to making edits.
“I’m not omniscient, John,” he reprimanded to hide the inexplicable happiness at seeing him again. “I was simply curious why I didn’t hear a cab pull up.”
“I did tell you, Watson,” he said. “Lots of nerve endings there.” Sherlock glared at him even as his various pains shot through his system. His whole body felt painful, as if molten lead were pumping through his veins instead of blood. He lay back against the bed, biting his tongue when the motion aggravated the pain and sent a spike through his skull.
And, really, wasn’t that the tipping point? Did they really want to know about Mary? Did they really want to know that she was an assassin, a rogue one at that? Was that knowledge really worth his life and freedom? She would’ve never hurt either of them, couldn’t have, but John deserved the truth. Sherlock nodded slightly. John, at least, deserved the truth. Now they move on with their life, their baby, while John seeks to reconcile Mary with AGRA. At least she wasn’t boring about it.
“Oh, don’t get sentimental now, Mycroft,” Sherlock sneered. “You don’t believe in God.” With that, he brushed past his brother’s extended hand without pause and out of the door.
“I’m on a case, I really shouldn’t have spent this much time with you, I need to go find a suitcase before the rubbish is picked up.”
Of the three assassins Moriarty had hired, of course the one assigned to kill John Watson (if Sherlock lived) got away.
John blinked. Then, because the man was still standing in front of him, he blinked again. When he was still there, he decided he was not, in fact, dreaming a particularly vivid fever dream or hallucinating from some drug someone had slipped him without his notice. “That was…amazing,” he managed finally.
Mycroft sighed, letting his eyes close for a moment - he hadn’t slept all week since his brother’s fall, and unlike Sherlock, he did occasionally need to sleep - and dropped his hand to his side. “For your sake,” he murmured. “I will hope there is one. With that, Mycroft snapped back to business and sat back behind his desk. Anthea stepped into the room, eyes glued to her Blackberry as usual.
“Is that his last name?” he asked, rather than answer. “I don’t typically ask for the surnames of random blokes I meet on the Tube.”
And Mary? Where was she? With John, he could assume, but was she holding John up, just as she had before, or was she just as thrown by his exile as John presumably was? As much as he hoped he had made a difference to her, she was a trained assassin. She’d undoubtedly lost better friends than Sherlock in more tragic events. She would be standing tall today, baby or no baby. And Sherlock was glad. His doctor, his soldier, deserved a woman who would always stand tall.
“Well, thank goodness you’re above all that,” John observed, grinning slightly, then frowning as his phone vibrated in his pocket.
“No,” Other Sherlock murmured. “He isn’t. He is just as sane as I, which apparently may not be very sane at all.” For the first time since Sherlock laid eyes on him, he walked fully to his bedside. “He really is another version of me.”
“What does that even mean?” Sherlock whinged, and John just smiled blithely and sat again, gesturing to the seat across from him.
He didn't know London well, which gave him a welcome, if not somewhat inadequate distraction. Picking his deliberate path to the Estates took concentration, and the greyscale spectacle of the city picked at the leftovers. Here, an elderly man sitting with his grandson, feeding pigeons; there, a child with a wild mop of dark curls, not five years younger than him, running alongside a ginger dog, his eyes wide with joy and something else John couldn't quite identify. Here, the scent of curry; there, a thick plume of cigarette smoke blown directly in his face. It was sensory overload in the best way, and John drank it all in.
John had dated a lot of women in his past, partly to hide the attraction he felt to some of the men in his life, partly because he happened to
Anyway, a reminder that I do not have a beta, I do not have a Britpricker, and I have very little patience for proofreading. After  I post the last chapter, I will go back and make a final series of edits, probably not plot-related, but who knows.
“I do despise repeating myself, John,” he drawled, and John couldn’t help the slight (for lack of better word) tingle that went down his spine at the sound of that smooth baritone saying his name. “My name is Sherlock.”
Next chapter: Sherlock's first day in London, and his introduction to John in Bart's (because I do actually love writing it, despite what this chapter might suggest).
“No relationship,” he corrected. “I am as always married to my work, and, as I have heard altogether too often, John is ‘not gay’.” He put air quotes around the end and glanced at Other Watson. “That excuse wouldn’t pan out too well for you, I’d think.” Now Other Watson really began to choke.
John sucked the frigid London air into his lungs the second he stepped off the train, hardly believing he missed the stink of poorly obscured poverty and greed so much. He imagined someone probably would have preferred the brisk snap of the rural air in his old village, but that person was no longer him. Now it just smelled empty, bleak to him. London was home now, for better or for worse. And he definitely was coming to believe it was for the better.
“Information. Nothing indiscreet. Nothing you’d feel…uncomfortable with. Just tell me what he’s up to.” And yep, Big Brolly Brother was much more predictable than he seemed to think he was. John would have laughed if he didn’t still feel like throttling him over the comment about Harry.
The obvious murder-suicide of the lesbian and her married girlfriend? I solved that one at the crime scene, weren’t you paying attention?
“Ta. You want to get cleaned up and go back to bed, or should we stay up and wait for Round Two? It’ll be daylight in a bit.” Without warning, John found himself on his side and alone in bed, and Sherlock grabbing for his clothes and cursing rapidly to himself.
“It’s Mycroft,” Sherlock said, fighting uphill against the disorder in his mind. “Don’t let him in.”
“Like I just had a needle shoved into my thigh,” Sherlock grumbled. “Was there any particular reason why your partner decided on that course of action.”
He snapped out of his reverie at the sight of a black car pulling up to the curb, and nearly pulled his hair out in frustration. The very last thing he needed was his bloody brother poking his fat nose into his business again. Sherlock spun away from the window, snarling, and swung around to collapse on the sofa on his back. If it was a choice between seeing Mycroft or the
After their pounding hearts both slowed down to a normal pace, he asked, "Think we can top that one?"
John could hear the murmur of Lestrade's voice, but he knew it must be something good by the way Sherlock sat up on his elbows, eyes gleaming.
To Sherlock's surprise, he found tears welling up in his eyes. He reached out a hand, and the snout sniffed him, then sneezed. All at once, Sherlock had a lapful of eager puppy.
"Well, obviously the knots were interesting," Sherlock said. "But when I imagined tying you up, it didn't really... do anything for me."
"I might have changed shoes and gone back out," Sherlock said, and then clapped their hand over their mouth.
Sherlock looked up, eyes gleaming. "Oh, yes. I think it's time we went down that avenue. Just think of all the new things to try!"
That hadn't been what Sherlock had been thinking at all, but since Sherlock was never going to mention to straight-as-an-arrow John Watson that they had feelings for her, John would never know.
As he let go of his shirt to undo his cuff buttons, the shirt slipped down over his shoulders, revealing his back. He forgot why he never took his shirt off around John.
He was unexpectedly met with John standing on a ladder hanging up something from the middle of the doorframe. He was about to demand attention when John noticed him.
There wasn't any change in John's demeanor, and Sherlock silently cursed his own pitiful sentiment in stashing his violin somewhere other than Baker street. How could he still be sensitive about that, when John had left Mary and was back at 221b, and things were back to normal? The song had killed him to write, but not only was the whole affair over and done with, he shouldn't let this incident affect his composing.
John looked out over the ocean from the hotel balcony and breathed in the warm, salty air of the Mediterranean. John had never been to Beirut before, and he'd never have imagined he'd end up here.
"No, he hasn't," Lestrade snapped. "Anyway, we know that this year, he's checking into a resort for Valentine's weekend using the credit card from one Dennis Tanner. His real name is Daniel McQuade, but I imagine he'll be using the name on the card to introduce himself."
There was nothing for it, John would just have to continue as he had been doing, and hope that Sherlock would figure it out soon.
Sherlock shrugged and continued on into the building. It was a huge, empty space, mostly filled with dust, dirt, and cobwebs. There were a few broken crates at one end, and ropes and twine tangled on the floor.
Sherlock hurried into the shop and admired the coat in all its glory. They completely ignored the shopkeeper, leaving John to sort it out in favour of dreamily gazing at it. The coat was long, dark, and swishy – plus, it had a collar. It was everything they'd been searching for. Reverently, they lifted one from its hanger and twirled it over their shoulders, where it spun and settled around them. Yes. This was it.
Come to think of it, Lestrade probably wouldn't want his handcuffs back if he knew what use Sherlock and John had put them to.
I've been a bit busy, and I had most of this written for a while before finishing it. Sorry everyone! I will be updating more regularly now, hopefully once a week. This might take a bit of a turn for the morbid.
"I'm not, I'm just trying to buy something," John said, but already he could tell that this was not going to go his way.
The door opened before he could work up the courage. John grinned at him, and Sherlock’s cheeks warmed. John’s hair was delightfully tousled, and he looked so pleased to see Sherlock, that Sherlock couldn’t quite believe that it had been him that John was waiting for.
"Give a patient recovering from hypothermia a room with a faulty window?" Sherlock said. "I don't think so – and if you ask the nurses, I'm certain at least one would be able to tell you that it worked fine the last time they checked."
John blinked in surprise and grinned. Sherlock smiled back in return, John's pleased expression all he really needed to confirm that he'd made the right decision. This wasn't going back to normal, exactly, but it was them, together, going out and having fun. He'd like to do that again.
Sherlock felt all wrong-footed as he collected the curry from the fridge and followed John next door. John put the curry in the microwave and found them some cutlery. They were too subdued, not talking with their usual banter, and it was unnerving. Sherlock cursed himself silently. Why had he decided to come over? He knew he didn’t know how to handle situations like this well, so why had he subjected himself to it again?
Sherlock was exactly where John had ordered him to be. Both hands were clenched around the iron bedframe, and he was leaning forward so that his sculptured back was arched and his pert bottom was tilted up. He had his knees spread wide, showing off the sleek definition of his thighs. John sighed happily and walked around him to get a good view from all angles.
Sherlock hated transit, but at least that didn't require talking. In fact, Sherlock avoided talking to anyone on transit as much as possible normally, so it wasn't even strange that he said nothing the entire trip.
Sherlock was surprisingly good at giving massages considering that they had never been given a chance to practice on anyone else before John. Sherlock's back massages were exclusive. Pressing down on either side of John's spine between her shoulderblades resulted in several loud pops.
John fitted their mouths together again, her hands in Sherlock's ridiculous hair. Slowly, Sherlock let themself relax into it, let John coax their mouth into the gentle push and pull of proper kissing. They shivered at the light brush of John's tongue over their lower lip and hesitantly put their hands on John's waist. Is this how it was properly done, then?
Sherlock whimpered, and John claimed his mouth with hot, drugging kisses. It was euphoric. John began kissing along his jaw, and Sherlock gasped desperately, hands coming up to grasp at the front of John's jumper. His knees wobbled alarmingly.
"My crime scene assistance?" John shook his head, wondering when he'd ended up in a dream world like this one. "About that, I don't even know what you want me to do!"
"I could..." and Sherlock started blushing. John wasn't sure if he was actually embarrassed, or if he had such control of himself that he could blush on command.
John felt a bit ridiculed, and he could not help but think that he was being used. But of course he was, what else had he expected? They were nothing more than strangers that have met under the weirdest of circumstances, and this Sherlock Holmes did not look like someone who would waste a chance like this. He had gotten up and rummaged around in the shelves, only to pull out a small test tube with a liquid inside that was lilac in colour.
The laughter went on for a little while, and by the time it died off, John had settled down into the chair opposite Sherlock.
"This is a trick," John murmurs, but doesn't really mean it. His brain is just wonderfully empty. "You're just trying to get me to say something nice."
Anderson knew that Lestrade would defend Sherlock Holmes if he thought it appropriate. Which, as he saw it, was most of the time. In other words, since they had started working together, Sherlock still so much more broken and juvenile back then, Lestrade unconsciously found himself in a position of responsibility for that whirlwind of a man. To everyone's general irritation.
"He lost all sense of reason. Became obsessed with the idea of using a human subject if our experiment ought to be successful. I must admit to you now, I was not immediately repelled by the idea. I had previously read about scientific sacrifices. But Victor rejected this plan as soon as it was presented to him. He said this was going too far, warned James not to lose himself to this. I took Victor's side. Silently mourning over the waste of all our time and energy. But I saw that we had come as far as we were able to."
as the back of his head banged against the door. In the few seconds of dizziness from the impact he didn't realise that he was being pulled up and
, as his mind was kind enough to add, and now the memory laid itself in front of his mind's eye. The way her very being had shifted and changed within seconds. He shook himself once again and begged that no one had seen. But as he followed Moriarty towards whatever lay behind the black door, he heard Mrs Hudson and Irene resuming their talk and Moran held the big black door open for them to enter. He was about to walk into the spider's den.
He opened the other eye again but still looked dangerous. Not monstrous at all, now that he knew who the man was, knew how this angular face moved and changed when he was smiling, but still... dangerous. John found he couldn't look away. And the longer he looked, the stronger he was feeling the thrill that was pumping hot blood through his restless body.
"Have you come here to torment me?" Sherlock pressed out. He was a lot taller than her, but right now the upper hand was not his own.
"Where does he even come from?" - "I first met him in the pub. Is he a spy, too?" - "Just recently he started doctoring some of us in The Prof. I have never seen him before." - "He said he was a knight." - "Is he even a real doctor?"
He did wear the damn mask. He became the crow and John became the wolf. Then they made their way to the entrance door on the other side. The strange pond of people was slowly streaming in. Guests walked through the hallway past the reception with time on their hands, engaging in this social event with a caution they had neglected in the outside world. This was about being seen while being hidden.
Sherlock’s eyes have gotten wide and very blue. He looks genuinely hurt by this. Scared even. Scared of what John would say next, what this would mean for them. John feels and shares his pain, and he hates himself for every word he has ever said that would make Sherlock look like this. He is vulnerable and human, after all. Even if he tries to convince everyone around him that he isn’t, John has to stop falling for Sherlock’s own defence mechanism.
"Hmmh." Sherlock let out one of his deep rumbles and leaned forward in his chair. His elbows were placed on the armrest and his hands rested underneath his chin as he looked past John again, into the void where he seemed to gather all of his thoughts. "That is the question." He paused. "I know what I am. To him."
But once he stopped watching Mrs Hudson prepare their cups and looked back at him, he saw that Sherlock had turned his head to look out of the window. Smiling quietly, he let go of one of his hands to slip behind him, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's middle and holding one hand between his and Sherlock's flattering waistcoat.
"Oh no, it's fine. It gave me the time to look around a bit … appreciate the décor." John tried to keep a straight face. It did not help that a particular feeling had settled around his lungs and wanted him to stop talking altogether. He didn't know what would be more suspicious, and there was a thin line between saying too much and not saying enough. If Irene had noticed anything at all, it didn't show on her face.
John eyed him once more from head to toe. They stayed in the far side of the room as they began to walk around.
John enjoyed it. Not so much the steam engines or horseless hansoms that drew the attention of excited crowds and journalists, but rather the little things in life. Like new models of wooden rifles, refined through magnifying scopes and golden cogs that reminded him of clockwork. Some knights even built their weapons themselves. They were not allowed to discuss their personal lives, of course, but even as a Knight Captain, giving his instructions and dominating his unit in battle, he still found himself wondering at times. He knew that this had, and would probably always be, a problem of his. The more you knew about a person, the more attached you would eventually become. And attachment, he had learned, was always a bad idea in the life he was leading.
"I have no idea where to get to Moriarty's hiding place!" The panic started to come for John. If they did not act soon, Sherlock would not make it.
that..." Suddenly he took a deep breath and grew very calm. He was still holding the door open like he had done to let them in. "Here's the door."
John's hands know no mercy, travel all the way below his thin shirt, rubbing against his hardening nipples and leaving Sherlock to his helpless, tiny moans. His heart skips several beats of fear when all he can feel all of a sudden are not John's hands anymore but John's absence, and he feels alone, cold and the regretful ache of wanting.
He relearned to value his sorrow when he mourned James Sholto. Many of his nightmares were of him, breathing his last breath in his arms. Only that, with him, waking up did not make the images go away. For they were memories. They had happened to him. Grief meant taking those memories and storing them away safely. To acknowledge the pain and to overcome it by treasuring the happier times.
Cursing silently under his breath, he eventually followed. What other choice did he have? He didn't think twice about Magnussen. As a doctor, he should feel an obligation to at least check on him. At this point, he was a helpless pawn in Moriarty's long game, and one of many. But as far as he knew, Magnussen's wealth and obsession with power over innocent lives was why James Moriarty's name had blown up to what it was now.
"None of your concern right now, Dr Watson." Mycroft looked up at him again. "Enough with the playing around. No need to be so vague about this anymore. Obviously, William Wiggins has kept me informed about your recent involvement in my little brother's organisation. Now we find ourselves at war. What does that tell me about you,
"But wait, wait," Anderson interfered. "You don't think we are a little quick to make assumptions here? What- what is it you always say? Before you have all the facts, you don't... don't make assumptions, right? It could just be that he wants to celebrate his birthday, for all we know!"
"Dr Watson." Sherlock Holmes offered him the hand that was still part of his body this time, and John shook it with his free one.
"Yes!" John yelled, pushing Sherlock out of the way before a burning timber crushed down where they stood. "And we need to go
Relief, relief, his whole body feels lighter, his heart having lost one big thorn. For long minutes they just lie there and breathe together, smiling like the perfect couple of idiots they are. Sherlock listens to the beating of John's heart only inches away from him, calculating the beats per minute and thinking about nothing else at all.
He pushes in farther. Sherlock feels the burning sensation returning with every extra inch John pushes into him, he feels himself opening around him, and the more John glides inside, the more he stretches because the size of him only seems to increase. And he hasn't even taken half of it yet.
She turned around in the midst of his greeting, and his face fell. He could finally see to whom she had been talking./p>
John looked down. "I know." His thumbs were stroking over the back of Sherlock's hands and then he pulled a little, standing on the tip of his toes. And just like that, they met in the middle, kissing in their open living room. They could get arrested for loving like this. It would not matter that they had saved a whole damned city. John pushed the bad thoughts away and pushed harder against Sherlock, pulling away and kissing him again. When they parted, their foreheads fell gently against each other, touching.
John pressed his lips together. He waited until the kettle had boiled and he heard the clinking of silverware against porcelain.
John's question had given him the choice of either keeping this part of him to himself entirely or to tell him. Tell him everything. What made him like this. Hearing him refer to Moriarty as
Sherlock does as he tells him and shifts backwards a bit to grab the headboard with his arms. His back is sticking with sweat and the bed feels cold, suddenly, before John is near him again, pressing kisses to his belly. He has slipped out during the change of positions. His hands are sliding along the back of his thighs and underneath his arse to pull apart his cheeks. Sherlock shivers all over, so desperate now.
Lestrade was obviously having a hard time not to show his inner conflict. He took a deep breath through his nostrils. "
She would kill him. The thought ran soberly through his head on a line that was just on the verge of panic. She would either choke him or crush his windpipe before he got the chance to gasp for air.
He didn't consider for a moment that Sherlock would bother using the trash bin for anything that day, because he never did. Anything related to chores was relegated to John, as exasperating as that was.
John didn't have to take a drink at all the next round, putting all of his darts in the bulls-eye. Anderson had to take four, and Lestrade three. Donovan also didn't have to take any. Sherlock stepped up the the board, urged on by John. This was definitely an idiotic game, but John was having fun, so there was that.
There wasn't one. Their hair was everywhere, puffing out in tangly curls because the lab was strangely humid that day. No one else was in the lab to ask for a spare. Sherlock was desperate enough to ask someone for a spare at this point. Hands still shaking, they searched the area and came up with an improvised hair tie made out of a twisted up glove.
Yeah, I can't write smut. I mean, I could, but this was long enough anyway. I hoped you enjoyed it anyway!
She made to leave, but a sudden text alert stopped her. “Sir? We’ve lost Priority Demeter. Wiggums says the trail’s gone cold.”
When Sherlock murmured, “Bed,” against John’s lips and started pulling at his jumper, he got his answer. He reached down to grope the fantastic arse, and, feeling like showing off wouldn’t be too out of place, lifted. Sherlock grunted in surprise, then wonder, as John started carrying him in the direction he thought the bedroom would be. “It’s the door –
Sherlock went absolutely still, and an apology sprung to Joan’s lips, but he spoke before she could offer it. “Yes, I think so. He might be able to recognize some tells or details you or I would take for granted. I have to admit that letting this version of me read them is … embarrassing, to say the least, but keeping them from him would be the height of folly.”
“Because everything will be different now,” the government agent said simply, standing and walking in front of his desk to sit on its edge. Sherlock fought the urge to snarl at the obvious condescension in the pose. “John will feel betrayed no matter how you pull this off or how long it is before your return. After all, it was your decision not to tell him about your true status.” Sherlock balked at the reminder.
I think I can handle one case without you. Question is, can you handle the time it’ll take for me to find a new case this interesting? – GL
“He’s British,” she replied bluntly. “British, used to hospital stays - if not particularly fond of them - comes from a wealthy, powerful background, and, if my years as a sober companion don’t fail me, previously addicted to some harder drugs. If I had a guess, I would say heroin or some other opiate. You and he could have run in the same circles, shared some of your techniques.” Sherlock considered for a moment, then nodded.
Soon enough, though, he ended up outside his aunt's door. He stood, struck dumb by exhaustion and inertia, staring at the door for what could have been seconds or hours, nothing but a dull whirring in his ears.
As he approached the lab - the car abandoned about a mile away in the woods - he focused on deducing all he could. It had rained the night before, leaving the ground nice and soft for footprints, which gave Sherlock clues so obvious even Anderson could read them and some only he could. A woman distracted by some sort of grief entered the building an hour ago and left relieved and excited only a few minutes ago. (The heels of her pumps dragged as she entered, and the footsteps were slower, judging by the depth of the imprint, and the heels hardly touched the ground and the steps were shorter when she left. Obvious.) Martinssen’s car (men’s clothes, scientific notes, and men’s deodorant scattered across the backseat why were people so obvious?) was parked outside and had been since before the rain. Martinssen himself had spent the night at the lab, not even taking a break to go outside. No one else was there.
John reached up and pulled his hand away. “I think the neighbours deserve to be woken up, don’t you?”
Sherlock took out the matchbox from his pocket, and upon seeing it, Mr. Fielding quickly backed away, eyes wide.
"I did most of it at the university," Sherlock said unhappily. "I just got so... angry and cut it all off."
"Yes, but I want you to say it," Mycroft said. "I can get this car to turn around right now if you would just tell me what it is that makes it so important to return to 221b."
John’s hands caressed him, dragging fingers down his jawline and over the curve of his neck, and Sherlock could swear he could feel his fingerprints embedding themselves in his skin. John’s mouth followed, and Sherlock’s skin tingled, sending little frissons of pleasure that collected and then flowed downwards to puddle in his groin.
It had been fine the past two times, so Sherlock slipped under the covers and continued softly singing until John drifted off again. Sherlock reached over carefully and touched John's side. John's steady breathing calmed his racing heart, and keeping his hand where it was, Sherlock purposely allowed himself to fall asleep beside John.
"Obviously," Sherlock said, and nuzzled his nose against John's neck. "I thought the kissing made it clear."
John waited until they were in a fairly deserted area of the castle to make his move. Without much effort, he managed to pin the person following him against a wall.
John didn't say anything to him, but crossed over to the package on the bed. Sherlock hadn't touched it, and John tore it open.
Sherlock settled into the curve of John's body, content and sated. Things might change, for the good or the bad, but right in this moment, Sherlock was happily comfortable where he was.
Gladstone didn't mind. She didn't nag him to do anything, didn't condemn him for failing, didn't judge him for his alien ways. She knew them too, after all. They were both far from home.
John leaned down and kissed him sloppily, panting against Sherlock’s mouth. As he did, he pushed forward slowly, and Sherlock dug his heels into John's back as John's cock stretched him even further. By the time he John had entered him fully, slowly thrusting his way in, they were both drenched in sweat.
So he was a teeny bit jealous of the attention that John was paying to her, and not to his brilliant deductions. How was John to admire Sherlock’s deductions if he couldn’t even speak in order to voice them?
He was disconnected from it all. The endless English rain was the most depressing thing in the world, and it never went away. Yet it couldn't wash away the Afghan dust.
The cab ride was a rather long one, going to the outskirts of London. Sherlock had ample time to brood about John.
Rooftops. Sherlock really needed to take far more cases involving chasing suspects across rooftops if it made John look like that.
If someone had asked Sherlock before he'd met John what he thought of relationships or sex, he would have told them that it was useless, illogical, and not for him. But now that he was here, he found that he really wouldn't mind finding out if he enjoyed that sort of contact. He was certainly enjoying the snuggling, something else he hadn't thought was necessary.
Sherlock lapsed into awkward silence, looking up at John occasionally. John just smiled, too tired to try and find something to talk about. Really, the two of them hardly knew one another, and getting chased by an angry bartender together hardly made them mates. Sherlock fidgeted, and finally broke his silence.
"I'm trans, yes," Sherlock said quietly. "I've read a lot about it now, because I wanted to understand why I felt like this. I'm not FtM. I'm something different than that. I'm non-binary. Genderfluid seems to apply best to what I feel most of the time."
The naga simply hissed and laughed at her, coiling and uncoiling its iridescent body as it moved closer.
Sherlock looked him over and decided that no, John really couldn’t be a serial killer at all - was in fact studying to be a doctor.
As they were waiting for the plates to run, Lestrade spotted them and came over, munching on a biscuit as he did.
John’s elbow knocked the teacup, and it joined Sherlock’s cigarette in the bushes below. John and Sherlock peered after it, and John giggled.
Which brought the issue back around to where it started. His inability to talk normally was interfering with his mission of getting rid of Chantelle by interrupting his case flow.
As it turned out, the first housekeeper that we came across was a man. To his credit, John played his part fairly well. The housekeeper wasn’t convinced however. I was just about ready to give up and try something else when loud yells started echoing down the hallway. The housekeeper sighed in a disgruntled sort of way and turned towards the noise. He was clearly familiar with it, as he showed no sign of alarm.
"What is it, Lestrade –" Sherlock snapped, but cut off the rest of what he was saying to listen. His frown grew deeper. "No, that's impossible."
Donovan was already standing by the dart board, and Sherlock watched as she sunk a dart into the board, very close to the bullseye mark. She grinned and threw a couple more, both of which came equally close. She collected the darts and handed them off to Lestrade, and he also put them somewhat close to the centre. They weren't playing by the rules, as far as Sherlock could deduce, but he didn't think that was the point anyway.
While John was making them both dinner by mixing in some frozen vegetables with instant ramen noodles, Sherlock received a text from Mycroft. As tempted as they were to ignore it, Sherlock knew that Mycroft would just pester them, and the continuous texts might draw John's attention.
Sherlock sighed and went to open his own door, feeling oddly disappointed. He didn’t even know what he would have done if John had been home. Interacting with other people was hardly his strong suit, and he was more likely to alienate John than anything.
"Well, yeah." John shrugged. "It doesn't have to be that way now. We can just ask about each other's lives or whatever we like."
Luckily, his professor had too much tact to point out that temperatures had been mild all week and went back to supervising the rest of the lab. Sherlock gulped and retrieved his pipette. Hopefully John knew what one was supposed to do in a romantic relationship and explained it to him, because he didn’t think his heart could take the suspense anymore.
He didn’t even need to focus entirely on the tape because it was such menial work that his brain could focus on more than one thing at once.
Sherlock felt hot all over at John's words, and had to hastily hide their cheeks behind the collar for fear that everyone would know how much they wanted John to jump their bones immediately.
It was the major ones that were the problem, and from what Sherlock had observed of society, bed-sharing was a major event.
John kept watching the telly, and Sherlock let out a huff of annoyance. He was about to open his mouth and demand John pay attention when John chuckled.
"Sherlock Holmes, the world's one and only Consulting Detective. I invented the job," Sherlock said, looking pleased with himself.
Sherlock watched with wide eyes as John leaned down. He arched his chest up slightly towards John, but John stopped. Very slowly and lightly, John rubbed his cheek over Sherlock's chest, feeling the pull of stubble against Sherlock's skin. It wasn't a lot of stubble, just a day's worth of growth, but it was making Sherlock do this delightful shivery thing.
"On the other hand," Sherlock went on. "If I imagine our positions switched... well, it's not exactly a sexual feeling on it's own, but it's more appealing."
Sherlock would never know how long it would have taken for John to get around to putting his mouth somewhere interesting, because at that exact moment, the fire alarm went off. Not just the alarm in the flat, but inside the building. It broke the silence in an intrusively blaring fashion, causing Sherlock to scramble backwards and right off the other side of the bed in surprise.
"Looks like I was wrong," he muttered, then began examining the medical equipment in the room. None of it looked as if it were tampered with, and he said as much to Lestrade.
Sherlock shrugged. At least it wouldn't be Les Miserables, which Mycroft had taken their parents to last Christmas season.
“No, that’s fine,” I said a little too quickly for my comfort. “I was just worried that you would care.”
"Not as such," Lestrade said. "She always just thinks that we're removing suspects from our list when we've talked to her. We've never had enough evidence to question her properly."
"He didn't," Lestrade repeated, raising his hands and shaking his head. "God, bad mental images – why would you let me think about
They hadn't tried penatrative sex on either of their parts yet, and John had thought Sherlock was quite content with fingers and toys. Apparently he'd decided he wanted more.
"It wasn't as if I was expecting to use them for their usual purpose,' Sherlock said, flushing. "Experiment on – "
It was the night before Christmas, and all through the house, not a creature was stirring, not even Sherlock. He was sitting in his chair waiting for John to return. John had received a mysterious phone call from someone and dashed off without an explanation.
John made them breakfast. Sherlock basked in the happy glow of post-coital contentment and watched John bustle around in a pair of boxers and an apron. He himself was wearing one of John’s ratty bathrobes. It was nice wearing John’s clothes, and Sherlock found himself making a list of things John owned that he could appropriate as his own over the course of their relationship.
He got Gladstone to stay in a nearby alleyway, and although she watched him leave anxiously, she did as he said. As soon as he got into the store, he remembered why he never went in.
Sherlock wasn’t quite good enough to get John to come just from having his mouth on him, although John assured him that was completely fine. He finished John off with his hand and a generous helping of lube.
And then John was kissing their neck, and that was much nicer than they had been expecting. Their knees abruptly stopped working, and they nearly fell. John pinned them against the wall to stop them from falling over, her muscled shoulders straining to keep them both upright. Sherlock nearly swooned again from that feeling alone.
"My shoulders can handle it," Sherlock said. "Besides, you don't have to force my elbows to meet, just get them as close as possible without hurting me."
"Ah, Sherlock, I see you've been getting into dusty warehouses again, tsk, tsk," Mycroft said. "And what do we need this time?"
The knot still joined them, and would take a while to go down. They might even get in another few rounds before they could unknot.
After every bite, John rewarded him with a kiss, and after the last slice of apple was consumed, John chased the sweetness of honey past Sherlock's lips and licked into his mouth. Sherlock made a soft moaning noise as John explored his mouth throughly, until the taste of honey had faded. He put the plate on the bedside table and then stroked down Sherlock's sides. Sherlock whimpered and squirmed, but his restrained arms prevented him any other movement.
John looked up slowly and regarded the person in front of him with a level gaze. It was a store clerk from the shop next door to the bench.
Sherlock avoided sitting down on anything for the rest of the day, much to John's amusement and Sherlock's mortification. It was obvious that Lestrade's team knew something was going on, but didn't know what. John wouldn't actually reveal the real cause behind Sherlock's seemingly strange unwillingness to sit down, but it was fun to tease.
John maneuvered them over to Sherlock's bed and got them both carefully situated on the edge. She didn't tip Sherlock over onto their back, as easy as that would be at the moment.
Data suggested that John didn't mind sharing a bed with Sherlock. Data also suggested that Sherlock benefited a great deal from sharing a bed with John in terms of physical health, and found it satisfying emotionally and mentally.
We made our way down to the hotel lobby. The gay couples retreat apparently happened here every year, and our news anchor friend Malcolm Alexander attended with his husband Xavier regularly. He’d only missed the retreat once, when he’d been in hospital with a gall bladder infection.
"Those are ordinary scuff marks made by the door being too enthusiastically being thrown open by employees," Sherlock snorted. "Nothing sinister in that."
And then it hit him. He hadn't been able to smell it when Sherlock was inside 221b, but now that he was standing at the bottom of the stairs, there it was: the rich and intoxicating aroma of an omega in heat.
John grinned, and gently nuzzled into Sherlock's groin, pressing his balls up with a soft palm, licking at the fabric until it was damp and sticking to Sherlock's skin. There was a glossy spot on the front where Sherlock was beginning to leak through. John lapped at it, and Sherlock whimpered.
John blinked awake, and Gladstone sat up, tail wagging. Apparently she recognized Mrs. Hudson's voice as well. She jumped off the bed and went to the door, looking back over her shoulder at John pleadingly.
"Right, whatever, mister," the cabbie replied with a shrug. "So long as you pay your fare, you can be as loony as you like."
John said, "I love you, too, Sherlock. Have done for ages, I hope you realize. Head over heels, as they say. You know this type of thing never came easy to me. I've had to write it piece by piece, just so I could say it to you now."
He heard Sherlock make a questioning sound behind him and repeated, "Stay," as he exited Sherlock's bedroom. He made his way to the kitchen, and just as planned, there was a tray full of ice cubes in the freezer. John took them out and closed the door softly, hoping that Sherlock had no idea what he was up to. He grabbed the bag of sex shop items as well, bringing all of it back ready to test out.
"I don't care how much you want to go on a case, Sherlock," John said. "This relationship is finally working out for me, and I don't want to ruin it. You'll just have to go by yourself."
He let up for a moment and felt Sherlock's arse, squeezed it in his palms, felt the heat of his marked-up skin. Sherlock whined, but John could see his erection between his legs, bobbing in time with each strike.
He might as well try and come up with a plan to get rid of Chantelle. He couldn’t count on getting his voice back in order to accomplish this goal, because time was of the essence. John attached himself far too easily to women who had no idea what John was really like.
Halfway through his lab, his phone trilled, and Sherlock’s heart leapt into his throat. He accidentally dropped his pipette on the floor, but was too busy fumbling after his phone to collect it. Sherlock held his breath, even though there was only one person it could be.
John blinked at him in astonishment and realized he was right. John tried to forget about the limp. There was nothing much that he could do about it, especially without proper therapy.
There was a row of square-shaped seats to sit on and a little shelf outside the lab for scientists to put their food and beverages on. John sat on one of the seats, and Sherlock joined her, leaning back against the wall.
John drew back again, and Sherlock made a devastated noise. John slipped the two fingers back in and crooked them deliberately against Sherlock's soft inner walls. Sherlock cried out roughly, breathing ragged as John pumped his fingers in again.
"And you can write the results down," Sherlock mused. "I still don't believe you can get me out, however. You're not a mage."
“Plenty of time for us to make our exit,” Xavier said. “We’ll have to act fast. I don’t trust the fact that detective showed up just in time for our plan to be carried out.”
“Well, you’ve stolen my friend Molly from me,” Sherlock mused. “And I can’t force you to give her back. She’s probably better off being rescued anyways.”
His hands went to Sherlock's arse, round, shapely and perfectly firm and pliant in his hands. Sherlock's breath hitched as John's hands caressed him, followed by his mouth, pressing wet, open-mouthed kisses to his skin.
A loud explosion rent the air, and Molly dived behind a rock as pieces of shrapnel shot in every direction.
Well, back to going through the tape to see which vehicle had been at the empty storage building. He was quite certain that he knew which tires and which vehicle he needed to be looking for. It was really quite simple, but the task of going through the tape was rather tedious.
Sherlock snapped their mouth shut, realizing that they'd said too much. They got up off the floor and went to stand by the window with their back to John. Maybe John would get the hint and go away.
. Sherlock smiled and closed his eyes. John reached out tentatively, and for a moment, Sherlock didn’t know what would happen, until John closed his hand around Sherlock’s and twined their fingers together.
Molly got back to work, and she soon had the man cleaned up and ready to examine. The very small, thin marks weren't very deep, and Sherlock examined them carefully. They certainly weren't made by a dagger, as Sherlock had said before.
John trailed his fingers up and down for a while, touching Sherlock in different places. Here, just his fingertips grazing his neck and here, his whole palm cupping Sherlock's knee. As he touched Sherlock, Sherlock would arch into the touched, nudging at John's hands and sighing happily whenever John increased the pressure of his touches.
They lay like that together for a few moments, before Sherlock reached down to find that John was still hard.
As they were walking inside, suddenly, John grabbed Sherlock's hand in his and squeezed it lightly. John held on for about five seconds, five seconds during which Sherlock didn't dare to breathe.
Sherlock would, in fact. He had better things to do than look at bath products, especially when he knew they'd end up getting bath bombs.
Sherlock held his breath as John's thumb came up to caress his bottom lip. Sherlock bit his lip to stop it trembling and swallowed around the lump in his throat. His heart was pounding, and his thoughts refused to come together in a way that made sense. All he could think was that John was touching him, and looking at him like... like...
"You're scaring away our customers with your dog," the clerk said. "Do you want me to get a copper in on this?"
"I'm not me anymore," John said. "I think you've taken over my life, and you've only been in it a few days."
John was being magnificent in his defense outside, and Sherlock felt himself leaking around the plug, soaking his pyjamas with lubrication.
“How is it my fault? You're the one who made the Woman angry. Sherlock would still be a man if not for you.”
John didn't say anything, but he could feel the presence of Sherlock behind him, loitering in the doorway at a safe distance.
There wasn't much that he could do tonight. As much as he wanted to keep researching and figuring out the clues, he would have to wait until morning. He would have to visit the warehouse again, and go talk to Mr. Fielding.
Sherlock still didn’t feel that hungry, but obediently started eating after John handed him a fork. He wasn’t sure why he’d come over, after witnessing what he did.
"And drive for five hours in this bloody downpour?" John asked, gesturing to the window, where the weather had started up again. "Bollocks to that."
At the crime scene, Anderson was already leaning over a body and photographing it. Sherlock hastily joined him without even saying anything to Lestrade, who was waiting for them.
Sherlock answered, and John held his breath, listening to the sound of his heart slowing down again, the stress washing away with the return of the case. There was something really wrong with him, if the threat of danger actually soothed his nerves.
This is a very belated birthday for Scarlet-Dragonwill. Sorry I didn't see your message in my overflowing inbox until now!
"We wait for the person we found to wake up, and for forensics to test the blood we found," Sherlock said. "Also, we should question Maggie Jones, now that we have more evidence against her."
Sherlock and John ask some general questions of the hotel worker, slowly working up to their main objective.
"You don't get words," John said. "I don't want to hear another word out of your mouth unless it's the safeword."
They came upon a sex shop on their way home, and John saw Sherlock's gaze linger on a leather flogger in the window display. Still not daunted in spite of having just had a rather intense session at John's hands. Interesting.
All the chairs were occupied, and the nearby pool table was moored to the floor anyway. No one was tall enough to just reach up and get it, and even if he was, Sherlock wasn't going to jump up and down trying to get it like an errant schoolboy.
"Business dispute!" Posh Bloke snorted as if amused. "As if I'd bother investigating something as dull as that. No... I'm here because of a double murder."
"It's not that many things," Sherlock said. "Anyway, you're paying me back with your crime scene assistance later, so it's fine."
They were just about to turn around when two things happened. First, the dog started going berserk, pulling on the end of its lead. Second, there was the sound of a loud scream – a woman’s voice. Without even thinking or planning, the two men renewed their fight through the brambles, this time in the direction of the screams.
Sherlock pulled his pyjama bottoms down and located the end of the thick plug filling him up. He threw his head back with a groan as he eased it out. Sherlock only had one dildo, sadly, because he was hardly ever in heat. Most omegas went through it once every three or so months and had a supply of toys.
He was wearing too many clothes! They both were, actually, in spite of Sherlock's shirtlessness. Sherlock was still in his trousers and John was fully dressed, clothes from the night before that were sleep-rumpled and felt too tight around Sherlock now that he was lying down in bed with John Watson.
This was really Sherlock’s own fault. He had, of course, determined that John suffered from latent bisexuality that he was in denial about, but Sherlock never pushed the matter. It could backfire, of course, and Sherlock was terrible at feelings. He didn’t know how John would react to being challenged on his sexuality. Likely, it wouldn’t go well.
Inside the package was two sets of clothing, a three pack of pants, socks and vests, and a pack of razors, deoderant, and shampoo. John sighed in relief. It looked like Sherlock had dropped by M&S sometime early in the morning. He was just glad it was nothing like what Sherlock was wearing. He looked like he was wearing a suit more appropriate for a business meeting than going to work with the police.
John reached his hand in between their sweat-slicked bellies and grasped Sherlock's cock. He took them both in hand. Sherlock gasped wordlessly.
And Sherlock resented her, just the tiniest bit, for being yet another reason not to cut their hair.
"You know what happened," John said. "I divorced Mary and moved back to Baker Street. That's the whole of it."
Sherlock and Gladstone didn't give him much of a chance to retreat, both of them dashing off toward the crime scene. John rushed to keep up, his limp keeping him from catching up right away. The man from the night before, Lestrade, looked up at their staggered approach.
As if taking this as a cue, John began running his hands up and down Sherlock's body. Sherlock shivered a little from the contact and moaned against John's mouth. John's mouth parted, and he ran his tongue over Sherlock's bottom lip. Sherlock was too surprised to respond at first, but John did it a second time, making his intent clear.
Remembering, John searched around for the key and used it to unlock Sherlock's hands from the headboard, holding Sherlock's chafed wrists in his hands.
Sherlock was making little mewling noises, so John sped up his strokes until Sherlock was wailing in between gasping breaths.
Sherlock nodded. It was a talent, he had to admit. Not that it was overly difficult to antagonize Mycroft once one knew him. Really, it was the only good thing about only being able to speak in literary nonsense, that he could still insult Mycroft.
A search through his pockets revealed the culprit. Sherlock handed it to John, who immediately knew what it was.
"Thanks," John said, then added. "Oh, and I didn't actually introduce myself properly, you know. It's Dr. Watson, just for the record."
Sherlock approached John while he was making a cup of tea, the optimal time to get John to agree to something, because tea preparation always left John in a better mood than what it had been previously.
"I..." Sherlock gasped. "I haven't always felt this way, or even realized my own emotional state. But everything that's happened until now has lead me to this."
Sherlock shivered, and starting at the end of the bed near Sherlock's bare feet, John crawled up his body, skin brushing against the fabric of Sherlock's clothes, but not coming into full contact, teasing him on the way up.
There was nothing else inside but a blank piece of cardboard. It had been a trick meant for John, but Sherlock had been the one to take the bait!
It had been about a week since the hair comment, and Sherlock had been avoiding John. They'd tried to make it seem like an accident, but even John could tell when Sherlock wasn't being forthcoming about something.
It could have been an accident. That's what Sherlock told himself as John railed against unreliable transportation, Cornwall in general, and small villages in Cornwall in particular.
"Oh," John said quietly. "That still doesn't explain why you've locked yourself in your room and refuse to even look at me."
And wasn't that just the problem. He was already in too deep, and he'd only been here for one night. Therapists had told him he'd had trust issues, of all things, and here he was just going along with this madman on whatever adventure he wanted. John hardly knew anything about him, but damn him, he was the best thing to happen to John since he'd been shot.
John reached up and cupped Sherlock's face in his hands. Sherlock's eyes fluttered closed, and he let out a soft whine almost too quiet to hear.
John tried not to feel too hurt that Sherlock was only accepting his help reluctantly. Of course he didn't want John around if his pheromones were making his heat worse.
Somehow, John always knew that I have feelings. At first, it pained me awfully that he knew. It’s been so long, however, that it doesn’t bother me as much anymore, and is more comforting.
"You need someone on the inside," Sally was insisting. "No one will notice an extra cleaning lady on such a busy weekend. If anyone asks, I'll just say I'm a temp."
Meanwhile, it looked like one of his experiments was almost ready for the next stage, and he hadn't even been able to finish his wank. Not that it would have made much of a difference, he'd still want to fuck himself on the dildo anyways.
As Lestrade and Sherlock began discussing the drug situation in London, John took a closer look at some of the butchery equipment. There were several big knives of varying use hanging off a magnet on the wall, separate from the knives used in everyday cooking. There was also a drain underneath for cleaning.
, Sherlock!" John cried, eyes still covered. "I'm not adverse to the idea! Or, I wasn't until I saw this display!"
"Excuse me, what are you planning to do with this?" the cashier asked, holding up the rubbing alcohol with great suspicion.
They might have unfortunate physiological responses when John was touching them, but that didn't mean that Sherlock didn't like it, or that they wanted John to stop.
Once they got into their flat, Sherlock quickly shrugged his way out of his coat and shoes, John following suit. To his surprise, John went to the cupboard and grabbed a bottle of wine and two glasses.
He was already halfway out of the door and rushed down the stairs when he called out, "Come along, Doctor!"
Wrong, wrong, wrong! That was the worst news that Sherlock had heard all day, and that included his fatness Mycroft paying a visit and telling him that he had to go watch a musical with their parents.
This time, Mr. Fielding turned red, and looked angry. He clenched his hands into fists and shook his head. He gestured at Sherlock for the map. He drew another circle around a spot on the map in a residential area of London, and then patted his own chest again. His house.
Sherlock grabbed his arm, and a moment later, John was dragged down to the floor next to him. Sherlock made a grumbling noise, pulling John closer by the front of his jumper. He buried his nose in John's shoulder and promptly fell back asleep. This left John with a very determined detective attached to him, and refusing to let go.
John wanted to go. John wanted Sherlock to go too, and so instead of immediately dismissing the idea, Sherlock hesitated.
Familiar footsteps climbed the seventeen stairs up to their flat, and Sherlock waited in anticipation for John to appear. He looked to be in a good mood, which Sherlock hoped meant that he would be in the mood to trek across London to go look at Mr. Fielding's house.
What Molly meant by "this next bit" was repeatedly stabbing a chunk of meat until the same pattern was created. It wouldn't be that interesting, but at least the repetition of it would let out some of the frustration that Sherlock felt.
Sherlock, and Sherlock was too surprised to do much of anything in return. John was kissing Sherlock – Sherlock who was the most anti-social person on campus, who was certainly not a man in spite of their gender identity, Sherlock, who had terrible, lop-sided, rampant curls.
Sherlock rolled over so that they were pressed together and nuzzled his nose behind John's ear. John laughed and cupped the back of Sherlock's head with one hand.
This was starting to get frustrating, and Sherlock groaned and threw his arms up in the air and huffed. He twirled and left the room, hearing John apologizing for him behind him.
John moved, and Sherlock swore softly as John plunged into him. There was a sharp sting as Sherlock's clinging hands accidentally scratched down John's back. John grunted and pulled Sherlock's hips up, trying to find just the right angle.
What he could do was try and find out more about the building itself. Who owned it, and why was it in such a state of disrepair? Why had Mr. Fielding circled it on the map when he had been found surrounded by the matchboxes elsewhere, on the other side of London, in fact?
"I'd prefer John," Sherlock said. "However, none of his past victims have been in a homosexual pair, so he might go after someone else."
Finally, after all this time, this fic of porn is finally finished. Don't worry, I did say this series was a quartet, meaning there's one more fic to go, but this one is over. Hope you enjoyed it! But really. So much porn.
"Come on, up you get," John said, and ran his fingers through Sherlock's curls before putting a box of ornaments on his supine form.
But even as I said it, I felt him tighten his arms around me and I stopped. What was he doing? I blinked in surprise – John usually didn’t get this close to me, especially not on purpose.
Sherlock stared avidly as John put some clean gauze over his injury and taped it down. John’s fingers were deft and sure and very, very warm as they turned his hand over.
“There's too much involved and too much at stake in this case,” said Lestrade, rubbing his head in exasperation. “I didn't want to have to bring it up, but a government official's daughter is involved and it needs to be solved sooner rather than later.”
and made a move to stop her, but it was too late by then. Donovan had launched herself off of Sherlock’s raised knee and Lestrade had had a few too many to catch someone with her forward momentum. John managed admirably, but Lestrade fell over.
Tangling his fingers in Sherlock’s hair, John drew his head down so that he could kiss him. Sherlock let out a muffled whine as John's mouth met his. He hadn't kissed anyone in a very long time, but John knew what he was doing. Very quickly, John teased his way into Sherlock’s mouth. As promised, he nipped at Sherlock’s lower lip, and Sherlock made a strangled noise of pleasure.
"You think I can't smell you just as well as you can smell me?" Sherlock asked. "It's horrible, and it's making me want to do all sorts of things that friends really shouldn't be thinking of each other."
"Sherlock, as soon as the shops open tomorrow morning, we'll go and get you a proper haircut," John said. "Mind you, it will be shorter than what you're used to –"
“Sir John, of course,” Mycroft said, appearing relieved. He turned to King Alendale. “This man is the answer to our problems.”
And suddenly Sherlock realized that John had been ahead of him all this time in regards to this situation, and had simply been waiting for Sherlock to catch up.
"Darkling I listen; and, for many a time I have been half in love with easeful Death, call'd him soft names in many a mused rhyme to take into the air my quiet breath," Sherlock said.
At least that made sense in his mind, because no one could take the music from him. He swept into a song, and it poured from his bow, communicating his feelings more clearly than he'd been able to speak. At least the matchbox hadn't taken this from him, because music had no words, but spoke to people without them.
"And Sherlock said he didn't want you," John replied. "I'll give you a warning right now. Sherlock Holmes is not to be trifled with. Leave now, and you won't get hurt."
"Ah, yes," Lestrade said, looking guiltily at John. "That. I'm sure you've noticed, but our murderer likes..."
Strangely, Sherlock didn't much mind getting woken up every two hours when it was John doing it. He wanted to write down the data, but the first time he'd fumbled for a notepad in the bedsite table next to him, John had shot him a quelling look, and he'd stopped. Right, rest.
John reached down and started stroking Sherlock's cock again, feeling it throb in his hand, slick with leaking fluid.
It was a short, blond man carrying a huge stack of boxes, and Sherlock only managed to dance out of the way just in time. He’d been reading, and hadn’t noticed anyone approaching until it was almost too late.
He couldn't do this, not with Sherlock's laissez-faire approach to budgeting. He wanted to argue, but was so acutely aware that he owed Sherlock, and if he complained enough, could very well end up on the street again.
Hello all! I haven't yet watched The Final Problem of S4, so hopefully it will be kind to me. I know a few people are really angry, but I will reserve judgment until I see it. As for writing fics, I think I will probably write something about S4 after I finish watching it. I hope you all haven't given up on my WIPs. I know I haven't updated them in like a year, but I do mean to continue them. See you all soon!
Maybe John would be impressed that he'd caught a murderer thirty years after the fact instead of angry that Sherlock had loosed thousands of bedbugs on their living quarters.
"Do you even have to ask, John?" Sherlock said helplessly. "It's been frighteningly apparent for a long time now that I'd do anything for you. I died and came back for you – twice. I wouldn't do that for just anyone, you know."
They didn't want to go to the lab today. This morning was shaping up to be particularly bad on the dysphoria front. Sherlock could barely stand to look at their own reflection in the mirror, because it just screamed "girl! girl! girl!" at them mockingly. Luckily, Sherlock had small breasts, and a tight sports bra and thick sweater covered them up. But some days, Sherlock just felt like there was a huge, gaping hole inside them, and that they were missing vital parts of themself.
"No, not even close," Sherlock said with a laugh. "In fact, the last time I saw her, she left me stranded naked in a desert."
John smiled and got the lube out of the bedside table, carefully slicking his fingers before slipping two directly into tight, wet heat. Sherlock gasped and wiggled again and John watched as Sherlock's hole stretched around his fingers. He curled them gently, scissoring them, before adding a third. Sherlock was so loose and pliant right now, when all he could do was moan into the pillow and shudder.
Sherlock did as John had asked and spread himself out across the bed on his stomach. The black plug was nestled firmly between his cheeks, and his long alabaster limbs were everywhere, stark against the dark blue sheets.
John lapped at him in earnest now, the broad flat of his tongue covering him and delving into him, dipping in and teasing him. It was the most pleasant torture Sherlock had ever endured.
"Leave me out of this, Mother," Mycroft said, patting his hair down over his high forehead, where it was already starting to thin.
They had both finished their pasta and were still sitting and watching the telly when John’s warmth, of which Sherlock could feel the proximity, suddenly sank against his side, became the weight of something else. John leaned into him, his head against Sherlock’s shoulder, and when Sherlock turned his head slightly, his nose was buried in John’s tawny coloured hair.
“No, it’s going to attack me,” John said, drawing his sword. “You’re going to go around the naga and rescue Princess Molly and I’m going to draw the monster off.”
Sherlock's neck and ears flushed, and John smiled secretly as they made their way back home to Baker street.
All he had to do was pretend he and Sherlock really were lovers, and act on all the things he'd been wanting to do for weeks.
Sherlock was silent, and John patted his side. "If you can't tell what I'm drawing, then you'll have to accept the consequences."
Sherlock made a hoarse-sounding cry that was a mixture of pleasure and agony. John smiled around the thick mouthful filling him and sucked once. Sherlock sobbed, and his hips shuddered up pathetically.
"What about you?" Lestrade asked. "Do you think you could act like a couple successfully with Sally or John?"
He made supper, and Sherlock came home, and John made him finish everything, promising if he was a good boy, they would play later. Sherlock's eyes lit up at this, and he made sure to clean his plate.
