“It is good to see that you are not still jealous of our Cornish friend”, Sherlock smiled once we had left.
One of the things that Sherlock wanted most now that we had a place of our own was to have a 'proper' garden (the sole disappointment of the cottage was that the tenants had obviously bothered little with either the front or back gardens of the place which had become completely overgrown). Of course it was already autumn when we moved in but apparently one could do a lot of preparation work for the next spring, and we both enjoyed preparing the ground for what he had planned. There were some disagreements over what went were but we were manly men and had a sensible way of resolving such things.
“We are delighted to help”, Sherlock said. “The young gentleman's mother is indeed an old friend of the doctor's and his father was known to him during his time in Egypt. Now please tell us about this case.”
I gulped. Still, at least I would get some release from the intense pressure down.... oh Lord no! He could not be that cruel!
I knew the unspoken fact behind her words, namely that after Johnnie's difficult birth the doctors had advised us against having any more children. But with three sons two of whom were named after my grandfathers who had lived and loved in this place, the Watson line seemed safe enough let alone all our cousins. Little Hamon tottered along after his mother - “I
between Great Britain and France by attempting to prise Morocco away from the latter. I was not alone in having my doubts on the matter although the British government stood by their new allies and the Germans backed down – this time. But it was to be the first of four such crises, the last of which would finally precipitate the Great War.
The reason that Anne, who I had come to think very highly of, had turned to me was that her marriage to Ivan had led to an estrangement with his 'father', Major Matthew Leeds who was now the squire at Stoke Fratrum whence we had once visited him and his wife Elizabeth – my brief, one-time lover. One of her widower's failings was an ardent hatred of Catholics and his prospective daughter-in-law's faith had been too much for him, even though Ivan had made it clear that any children they had would be allowed to choose their own religion when they were old enough.
“And serving under me!” Captain Higgins finished.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The actors lined up on the stage with Mr. Cumberbatch and Mr. Freeman in the middle, and all bowed to the audience. Then a light suddenly switched to illuminate the royal box and everyone saw who had been watching them all evening, the audience rising as one to their feet. I assumed logically enough that the orchestra was going to play the National Anthem – but they did not. Because something else happened first.
“Never again!” Mr. Blackwater muttered, smiling crookedly up at Mr. Lannister. “At least not until I am fully recovered.”
1909. John is traumatized by new technology but some manly embracing (NOT That Other Thing) soon sorts matters. He also says the wrong thing at the wrong time – twice! – and he is not the only one.
The Adventure Of The Locked Chapel
“They do say that sometimes a blunt weapon is best!” he grinned. “So this is what I suggest....”
He bowed to the handsome young gentleman and led the way out, and I knew without even asking that he would not tell me what he had meant by that last remark. I did not pout at that fact.
The Adventure Of The Kesteven Killer
We both slipped back beneath the waters to sponge ourselves off, and once we were done Sherlock pulled me close. Despite its antique appearance the bath had a heating device fitted which kept the water warm for a considerable time so we could continue to soak there in comfort. It was designed so the taps were at the side, meaning that we could also sit facing each other. Which was good because Sherlock eased me round to face him then set himself to wash my hair. I sighed happily as he did so, and once he was done I did his as well.
Perhaps I was wrong to say that the suffragettes were
“I looked it up”, Master Bigglesworth said calmly. “His grandfather was German; they changed the family name from Holstein when he came to England. It had to be him.”
The Adventure Of The Park-Attendant
“Of course sir”, my half-nephew said affably.
by Master Fraser Macdonald III
door of his house and hence his reference meant a door to the left of that as you entered. When you emerged into the hallway from the opposite direction and saw a door open to
He looked at me frostily. If he Pouted then I could not be held responsible for any horizontal or even vertical repercussions, waiting general or no waiting general!
I replaced his left hand and transferred the book to it before giving his right hand the same treatment and working my way up his right arm before nuzzling into his neck. I gently bit a love-bite into his glorious neck – not one that would last unlike the ones he loved to leave on me (and that I loved to have) – then ran my fingers through his hair making it even more of a mess.
“Why can you not use your gun?” he asked, surprised.
“I wonder if I can get you to come a second time without even being inside of you?” he mused. I was about to object when I felt his hand tickling at the base of my cock, teasing my prostate from outside while the vibrator nudged it from within.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
I grinned and waited for him to remove the vibrator and get down to business. I got the shock of my life when, after he had placed it beside us both, he hoisted my legs up and started applying his tongue around my entrance.
“Pardon?” he said, clearly nonplussed. I blushed fiercely.
Postscriptum: Sadly leopards do not change their spots, and the general did indeed make some effort to track down young Scott McCall – until he ran into four of Sweyn's boys on a pleasant weekend away in Shropshire and they 'dissuaded' him. His wife was, after some effort on my part, persuaded to sue for a divorce from him soon afterwards; he contested it but failed and was forced to sell his house and retire to the North somewhere. Mr. Derek Hale wrote to me soon after, saying how wonderfully happy he was and thanking me once more.
He nodded at that, then suddenly turned pale. I wondered why before I realized.
“So good to see you”, the leering fellow smiled at Sherlock. He was over fifty now but still seemed very much the young Cornish fisherman who had looked far too long at Sherlock's backside back in the Scilly Isles, even if I had still been nearly two decades from asserting ownership of said backside. “Especially with such good timing.”
“It it easy money and lots of it just for standing there in some daft get-up”, he said. “Some of the artists mind, they can be.... well. One woman offered to help arrange my position and I knew full well what she meant, the hussy! Torry laughed so when I told him, bastard that he is! If I do get to be a doctor I suppose that I shall have to give this up.”
“Scott is ours now”, he said. “We will put some meat on those slender bones of his before long.”
“Why?” John asked at last.
“I shall be sure to suggest to your mother that if they should ever both come to visit you in the capital, it would be politic to call first”, Sherlock said smoothly. “May I ask a rather direct question?”
Life was really unfair at times.
“Now that you come to mention it he has”, she said. She looked across at Lady Bradstock who nodded in confirmation.
“How may we be of service, madam?” my friend asked politely.
I spent the rest of Saturday writing out the notes of the case and ruing that I had ever teased John about the amount of time he spent with a pen in his hand. My wrist seriously ached by the end of the day!
our friend 'Ginger', would bring a swift result even though I knew that the lady was back in East Suffolk sorting out her new home in which she planned to 'semi-retire' as she called it with the impossibly muscular Mr. Harry Zeuson, one of my brother Sherrinford's helpers. John had threatened to send his notes from our adventure in that area to my mother 'so that she might feel inspired', and I had been horrified! One does not feed a forest fire!
“Alone?” he asked. She shook her head.
“Why should they have arrested her?” he demanded.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Your soon to be ex-husband is a decent gentleman”, I said, “unlike
The Adventure Of The Monocled Mountaineer
“We do now”, said a twin that I was not so sure about any more, especially if he kept popping up behind me and making me jump like that, let alone wearing something that had better damn well not be a smirk. “We never did, but so many people came to expect them that we had to have them installed. Narrative causality.”
I thought that with what little was left of my mind as he thrust into me, tears running down his handsome face.
more thing, sir”, I said casually.
“My mine of historical information”, I smiled at him.
“Mr. Hall”, Sherlock said at last, “I have a couple of questions for you.”
“She is still married to Mr. Simpson”, Sherlock said as he passed me one of the new Aero chocolate bars (it was a year for that sort of thing and luckily I had liked both them and the crunchy KitKat bars, although neither seemed to keep particularly well). “Worse, she seems to share the Prince of Wales's political views as regards the insane Herr Hitler. I know from my contacts that the government is very worried about the relationship; I doubt that they would allow her to rule alongside him.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
His wife blushed.
it.....”
“As bad as ever”, Mr. Macdonald sighed. “I have never recovered from telling them that they did not have to try to act all respectable around me as I knew what they were really like. Probably the worst choice of words since some idiot called the 'Titanic' unsinkable! I shall still miss them if they do go though.”
I felt even better after we had met Sergeant Brent Richards, who seemed the sort of policemen that we needed on this case. A young fellow (again), tall with short-cropped black curly hair, he was fully prepared to let Sherlock and I look at the evidence although he did admit that things looked black for my son.
“Mr. David Baddesley and Mr. Denzel Baddesley”, he said silkily. “So good of you to accept my kind and generous invitation.”
“Two actor friends of mine”, I grinned. “Mr. Hebden was particularly obliging in supplying me details of Lord Trelawney's favourite coat which, fortunately, is quite distinctive.”
Will you stay here one more day and help spread the news about our 'fugitive'?” he asked.
“You may, sir”, he said warily.
“It's Costentyn, sir”, he corrected. “The Cornish equivalent. Day is my half-brother; our mother Mona remarried my father who owns the dealership and went to live with him in North Carolina, but I decided to take this chance to see the Old Country. I also called in on my Uncle Lowen in Cornwall on the way here. He, Sal and Sol send their regards.”
“Was the next attack on August the twenty-sixth by any chance?” he asked Lady Bradstock. She stared at him in shock.
Meanwhile John and I had a most pleasant journey back to Chuffingden, even if he had to be helped from the train at Newcastle.
I looked at him sharply. He hardly ever drew attention to the very short and almost infinitesimally tiny advantage in years that I had on him. If he started now, I would make him regret it later.
It only slowly dawned on me that Sherlock was holding a telegram which must have come while I was out. He looked up at me almost mournfully.
He just pulled me even closer into a.... manly embrace. Yes, that was what it was or some smirking bastard was not getting any for at least...... some time.
By my reckoning we had had four cases since our retirement (if one included the hilarious Bogus Laundry incident which John always pouts so adorably over when I remind him of it!), so we had three to go. This, in our ninth year of heaven on the Downs, certainly looked like one of them.
“True”, he said, “but at least now we have each other. Aardwolf.”
See? I was not the only one round here who was whi.... damn!
This house is as much my homeland as the British ambassador's residence in my capital back home is part of Great Britain. I can do what I like to you within these walls, and the English justice system will not lift a finger to stop me. As you have offended at least six of my wives, I am minded to do rather a lot!”
“They have to perform tonight”, Sherlock said to the fellow, shaking his head at me for some reason. “I do not want them to worry, especially as the doctor and I will be in the audience.”
Sherlock looked between the two women, and of course being Sherlock he got it. Which was more than I did.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“No, it was one o' clock in the afternoon”, John said. “But you know how American that particular American is. He runs all his clocks on New York time, five hours behind Greenwich.”
Sometimes you could just see it coming.
1928. Sherlock uses his words then aims for (and gets) gold, which leads John to consider a divorce.
I awoke on Friday morning to find as had so often been the case in our many years at Baker Street, that I seemed to have acquired a human octopus during the night. I looked at the clock and saw that it said just after seven, which was early for me and impossible for Sherlock. I silently hoped that Mrs. Rockland had had the foresight to make coffee for him.
That summer Mr. Charles Rolls† made the first double-crossing of the English Channel. I remember shuddering when I read that at the mere mention of height, but fortunately some manly embracing soon sorted matters. My fears were proven all too right when Mr. Rolls died not long after in a fall from his plane when his rudder broke at a height of some eighty feet.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“What of him?” I asked.
Not for the last time I gave silent thanks that Baker Street was so near to Paddington Station. The last cab-drive back between the two had been utter agony after Sherlock had had his way with me all the way back from Oxford, and I had even had to rest for a moment before attempting to climb Mount Everest, or as he insisted on calling them, the stairs back up to our rooms.
I had seen the company models from the past two years in a motoring magazine and not been that impressed, but the 490 was in another league and I had been quite tempted by the reduced price despite the shipping costs. Now I had one!
“Ah, before the gun there was the small matter of the trap-door”, he said. “I would say that he was most probably aiming for the president rather than the king.”
“The village of Mazarin, just north of the town of Kirkcudbright”, he said.
I was happy. So very, very happy.
I shuddered. Modern art! Sherlock led me through the door to the right and I looked around in surprise.
And incredibly both he and his twin were giving their father what was indubitably Sherlock's 'bacon look'. They were his blood all right!
I had grandchildren! Five of the things!
He kissed me long and hard and I could feel his erection even through his trousers and mine. He removed his and my clothes quickly enough and eased my naked form down onto the seat, pulling down the arm-rests to give me something to grip onto. To my surprise he slipped a cock-ring onto me, before quickly working me open. I groaned pleasurably as he pushed in, until he was seated inside of me and attacking my prostate like he was determined to destroy it. I wondered briefly if I could do as he had done more than once, and break the confining steel ring, but all too soon he was coming inside of me, panting with the exertion. Then he leaned forward and kissed me.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The Adventure Of The Winter Soldiers
I pulled on my coat and went outside, uncaring of the cold evening air. War with Herr Hitler's Germany had finally broken out and next week would be my eighty-fifth birthday – but what did I have to live for now that the man I loved was gone?
“What did he believe was wrong with him?” I inquired.
“Latest technology”, he said. “We photograph anyone we arrest and add their picture to the record. Don't think much of it myself seeing as how people can change their looks so easily but the higher-ups love it as Being Seen To Use New Technology, so we have to do it.”
“I do not believe it!” I said firmly. “Some dinosaur that happened to have survived all those millions of years found lurking in the depths of Loch Ness? Someone is pulling a fast one.”
“That is correct”, he said. “Do you wish to examine the stage where it all takes place, sir?”
I had thought that we would see out that final year with no more times apart, but in December of our last full year in Baker Street events transpired to cause me to undertake a case while separated from him.
“What information do you have on this fellow?” Sherlock asked.
I tried to process this sudden and impossible turn of events. If he was right then Sherlock had had a son
1904. With just months to go before their retirement, Sherlock and John travel to Shropshire to investigate some risqué photographs and a hair-raising disappearance – but who needs rescuing from whom?
“Miss Charlotte Dallas.”
“This is not the south of France!” I said testily. He chuckled.
I was saddened at the end of the year when the Irish Free State (later Eire) broke away as arranged, leaving the United Kingdom with only the six counties of Ulster as Northern Ireland. I supposed that partition might have been the lesser of two evils as compared to saddling the new state with several hundreds of thousands of very reluctant citizens, but after the Irish had come close to stabbing us in the back during the Great War my attitudes towards them had hardened, as had Sherlock's despite his having been born there.
“May I have a physical description, please?” I asked. “I would not wish to approach the girl without good reason, or indeed upset your household in any way.”
“Sandy has split loyalties”, Lord Fleet said, “being my employee and Charlotte’s cousin. But I made it clear that at times like these his place is with family, not business.”
They were gone. I chuckled after them.
“He did not see you?” I asked. The soldier shook his head.
“No”, he said. “It is Peter; he told me something in confidence but he said that I might tell you in the circumstances.”
I could only hope that the news would be good. But I doubted it.
A sixteen-chapter horror about formation dancing
Typically we had a scare almost within a month of our arrival to our own private heaven. As part of the Russo-Japanese War that October saw a Russian fleet, presumably overdosed on vodka, managed to mistake a fleet of British trawlers for the Japanese Navy (because we all know the latter are in and around the North Sea every five minutes!). The Russians duly fired on them
His smile faded but he nodded.
I winced at my own flesh and blood being treated like that.
“I am not that predictable”, he said.
“Captain Henderson attacked him.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
She turned the register towards me and I read the name: ‘Mr. John Smith’.
Bill snarled and advanced on him, but stopped dead at a look from his employer and scuttled back to his post with amazing speed for a fellow his size. I knew that my nephew Tantalus was enamoured of both young men despite.... well, despite the obvious, and after his long 'sessions' liked to relax in a bath with both of them.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
better!”
I fully opened the door and we all looked into an otherwise unimpressive store-room to find exactly what I had known we would find; to wit an old prayer-book, an old chair and a seemingly unimpressive painting of some naked fellow in a field with some flimsy and carefully draped cloths that covered the essentials. Just.
noticed of late was that he had become very highly-strung. He had always been a nervous young fellow but of late it had become notably worse, and he had resisted Father's attempts to train him in handling a gun. Not that England was the sort of place where a gentleman
Mr. Guilford Holmes had taken over the administration of our 'retirement' a few years back when his brother Randall had been dispatched to south-east Europe to monitor the increasingly dangerous situation there (he had not been shot yet, despite all those prayers!). In first Morocco, then Bosnia, then Morocco again war between the two political blocks had looked set to erupt only for cooler heads to prevail on each occasion. But that luck could not last forever – and the assassination last month of Archduke Franz Ferdinand (heir to the Austro-Hungarian Empire) by a Serb had exacerbated the already high tensions between Vienna and Belgrade. It was indeed less a question of whether war would break out and more one of whether Great Britain and the Empire would be drawn into it.
The first of these two matters had occurred some eight years back and had left poor Lion an orphan. Fortunately I had been able to persuade Father to adopt him as I had always wished for a brother (I had long known such a thing was all but impossible because my own birth had been so hard for poor Mother). The adoption process went through without a hitch – I was sure that Mr. Holmes helped there too as I knew from a friend of mine how obstructive some officials could be these days – and I obtained for a sibling someone kind, generous and giving who made those with less tolerable or even downright annoying brothers and sisters justifiably jealous. We had grown to be men in peace and harmony but over the past year a cloud had come over our lives, or at least his.
Once again, I would be proven right.
“He lost two patients”, I explained. “Worse, a mother and her newborn daughter, and he had thought that he was close to saving the girl.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
To cap it all we had our fathers sat at the back of the room, far too close to each other as per usual. Isa had put aside a special cake for them and told them that yes, they could have that and a slice of the wedding-cake afterwards, but if they touched either before our daughter and her new husband – Michael, that was the fellow's name – cut it officially, then there would be Consequences. It had been frankly hilarious to see the two old codgers pouting as she had laid down the law to them like that.
The Darlington Substitution Scandal
was not what was up. Well, it was, but I was not that predictable!
“I can't stay with you both”, he protested.
children. I remember our last year in Baker Street and the 'Marseilles' case when our former landlady had been despairing of ever becoming a great-aunt, but shortly after that her nephew had finally got his finger (or something) out and her niece had been popping out little Rocklands on a regular basis ever since. Naming the first two Charles and Violet had been a smart move for the father which was probably why he was allowed to keep the appendages that had enabled him to have more. The others had been Elizabeth (Mrs. Rockland's late mother), William (Mrs. Malone's ill-starred first husband), Peter (Mr. Rockland's father) and rather bizarrely, Red (Mr. Malone’s friend back in the United States).
“I thought that you two might be home”, he said his face grave. “There is bad news.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
I thought on the matter for a time then turned my attentions back to Bren. One thorough blow-job later he was in no fit state to make it out of the bed let alone the room, and having left him a covered plate of food I went to see that friend of Mr. Holmes's that he had recommended to me one time, Mr. Edward Tudor.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“What
The following day I set off for Golders Green being careful to time my arrival to just after eleven. I did not expect my reception to be warm – at least not at first – but I hoped that my target would hear me out. It was most definitely in his interests.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“What are they claiming that he has done?” I asked brusquely. Our visitor raised an eyebrow at my tone but did not comment on it.
The Adventure Of Saint Jurmin's Legacy
“We shall endeavour to help him in any way that we can”, I promised.
Closer to home we lost my cousin Luke, who had been ill on and off for some time. His passing too necessitated a departure from the cottage, and we headed up to London where my brother Guilford had booked us into a hotel where we could remain undetected.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“There was once a parliament held at Acton Burnell, which is not far from here”, John said. “In the thirteenth century, when parliaments could be held wherever the king was rather than always in London.”
“Very useful”, Sherlock agreed. “It would have been up to three trains to get here from our little hideaway plus a carriage ride at either end. Though it did mean that I was subjected to John’s driving which has not improved one iota since he became mobile. If those rumours about them making people pass a test before they can drive are true he may well be forced off the road!
Not for the first or the last time I was sure he was going to kill me through too much sex. Oh well.
“Only to going back to bed and trying out those new panties that arrived yesterday!” he grinned. “You, there, naked, five minutes.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
To his and my surprise Mr. Jukes shook his head.
“I asked around the boys”, he said, “and a couple of them also said he had been down when he tended to them although he did not tell them why. I have an idea that may help.”
“Happy birthday, beloved!” he grinned. “I said that your present would be arriving later today and this is the first part of it.”
Sheep And The City
“How do I know you're not from Scott's father?” Mr. Drake Hale demanded, very visibly positioning himself in front of the two young men.
Sherlock said. “Seeing her approaching, Mr. Dallas naturally stood still and waited, and that gave Mr. Heston the time he needed to fix his sights and to deliver the fateful shot. But they were well aware that that alone would have caused suspicion to fall upon Mr. Heston as a skilled shooter, so they propped the dead man up against the scarecrow and Mr. Heston fired a bullet into him at close range. That, they knew, would throw suspicion upon Mr. Creighton Dallas as one of the few people his brother would have let get close to him.”
“You are dead!” I exclaimed.
“Just after seven”, I told him.
I blushed fiercely. Sometimes having smart policemen friends was
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
“All.... well?” he managed. Even his voice was broken.
John sighed with relief once the handsome American was gone, but it was not to be his lucky day. Barely half an hour later a card was sent up from another caller, and my eyebrows rose when I saw the name on it. I told Betty to send the gentleman straight up.
Two virulently unpleasant individuals who failed to get Sherlock to find her late relative's wealth (he actually did find it but chose not to tell them) and were reduced to living in a small town house, or a hovel as Mrs. Huffington-Brand called it. They were arguing after while walking off the Leven Viaduct after a train derailment in 1903 and as a result were the only people still on the viaduct when a strong wind came up and blew them to their deaths. Sad.
Mr. Dallas shook his head.
It was a Monday when I finally got down to the village which I knew was when the other lady who took in washing, Mrs. Smith, did her laundry. I dropped the jumper off with her and explained that it was one of Sherlock’s favourites and could she get it cleaned as soon as possible? I am sure that she wondered why I had not given it to Mrs. Whitlow (the reason was because that woman could gossip for England and I was afraid she might let something slip), but Mrs. Smith smiled and took it. It seemed that I was going to get away with it.
I was Cross, or as dear Anna would have put it, a Level Five. This was Seriously Not On!
“You think that that maverick Mr. Winston Churchill is right about this fellow Hitler?” I asked. “How can you trust someone with his record?”
“The room that we want is through there”, Sherlock said gesturing to a door to our left, “but Mr. Peterson suggested that we might wish to see his students' latest works.”
Because of what I presume were police procedures the new Chief-Inspector LeStrade had to attend a short course in London before he could fully take up his position although he was entitled to call himself by his new title straight-away. It was during this time in early August that he paid us a visit, just after the birth of his thirteenth –
“Sorry, sirs”, he said. “I don’t.... I don't know what came over me.”
Repeatedly!
“I know that they are family”, he said, “but why do you make it sound that bad?”
“Naked.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“As we go forward from the shadow of the Great War, we know that we are at an important stage in the history of the world”, I went on. “Much criticism has been levied at the politicians at Versailles last year in that they did not invite Germany in to discuss terms but merely presented them at the end as a
Ivan pouted, and I had to work hard to hide a smile. He really was so like me when he did that.
“That is just a store-room, sir”, Mr. Jukes said, clearly puzzled. “The room with the items in it is over the other side.”
“A Master James Bigglesworth”, he said. “His father is from Yorkshire but he has some connection here so got the boy in. He is as keen on planes as you are on bacon!”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The Shocking Business At The Tankerville Club
The Adventure Of Matchstick Mike
“No I went to see Mother”, he said. “She had to have a couple of stitches in her hand.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
His voice had that terrible calmness which surely even someone of my brother's complete lack of brains should have spotted. But no.
How Watson Learned The Trick
a drama queen!” I said firmly.
What two New York police officers did between cases (each other)
1906. A minor misadventure in which a retired doctor makes the mistake of lying to his mind-reader of a lover. The Consequences are... painful!
It was good to see that some things did not change.
Sherlock was feeling particularly amorous that night, and cleared of the cloud that had hung over me in recent days I was more than happy to oblige. The blue ties came out and he bound my wrists and ankles to the four corners of the bed. I writhed ineffectually, my erection only increasing when he pulled out the black feather and began to run it down my chest.
The weekend, and on Saturday as on almost every other day we were naked all day – out of courtesy for our host I had made sure we had had dressing-gowns on the day before – and I fetched John a chocolate cake from the local bakery, which was nice of me.
I shook my head at him.
Named for the city, it is approximately three hundred yards in length, running east-north-east from Gloucester Place (the A41) in the west and crossing (Lower) Baker Street and two other roads before it effects a right-angled turn by the Gardens and becomes Manchester Street. The Gardens were not open to the public until 1886 so after John's brief time there; as mentioned Cramer Street lay just the other side of them. John was just over a mile from the Surgery at this house, whose identity he promised to keep secret.
“In my country”, the sheikh said, smiling that dangerous smile again, “we do not tolerate men who cannot treat the wives of the nation's ruler with an appropriate degree of respect. We therefore emasculate them by removing what I believe in this nation is commonly referred to as their 'two veg'.”
“You remember the Wall Street Crash late last year?” my love began, as I toyed with what may or may not have been my third bar.
This woman lived in Lauder with her husband in the country idyll which she had come to utterly detest. She was having an affair with a man in Edinburgh and, unbeknown to her, her husband had found out and their having insured each other's lives he provoked her into an attack on him.
We had another visitor at the cottage just before Christmas. Sherlock's nephew Mr. Tantalus Holmes looked around the place and smiled before sitting down very carefully.
Sherlock left on a Thursday afternoon, October the twenty-fifth, to go to London for the night sleeper to Glasgow; I remember that the weather was grey and gloomy, not unlike my mood. The wedding itself was on Saturday morning so he would not be back until the middle of Sunday at the earliest, more likely Monday. It was barely half a week and I was glad that he was going as he had looked so happy when I had given him my blessing, but I had underestimated how utterly lonely I would feel. In between some manly sniffing I ended up taking one of his dirty shirts out of the laundry-basket and sleeping with it, so that at least I had his scent with me until he returned. I little knew how soon that small act would come back to bite me with a vengeance.
That winter was particularly bad and large parts of the capital were flooded as a result. Among the many affected was Mrs. Muriel Smith, widow of the late and utterly un-lamented Mr. Randall Holmes. Sherlock had kept a weather eye on her after his brother's passing (which being a kind and generous person, I marked every year) and made sure that the insurance company paid out on his policy. She had re-married a London dock worker Mr. William Smith who my love had had checked out thoroughly beforehand, but fortunately he had turned out to be a solid fellow and they were happy together. Now Sherlock again made sure that the repairs to their house proceeded quickly, including making sure that measures were taken to make the area around them less prone to flooding.
His brother nodded and handed him the card.
The Adventure Of The Market-Trader
He clearly put two and two together there and wondered if he had been gotten out of the way for a visit from his least favourite Cornish ex-fisherman (he almost certainly had been). Then he sighed and nestled back into my side, wrapping a possessive arm around me. I really should get round to mentioning that the Cornish ex-fisherman he so loathed had been in a steady relationship with Salerio and Solario at the house for some years now, so he had no need to be jealous at all.
That summer also saw another European crisis. Readers may remember our Turkish adventure from Montague Street back in 'Seventy-Eight (The Adventure Of The Fearful Fugitives; thirty years ago so no need to say it!), and after that time a most curious arrangement had been effected in the Balkans whereby the provinces of Bosnia and Herzegovina remained the property of the Ottoman Empire but were administered by the Austrians. The small independent nation of Serbia coveted these areas as many Serbs also lived there so, fearful of efforts to prize them away or encourage an independence movement in them, Vienna now decided to take advantage of Ottoman problems elsewhere and annex them. The Serbs protested to the Russians but the Czar was not prepared for a full-scale European war so a crisis was once more averted. For now.
Mentioned also as a case arising out of letters from a fishmonger.
Guns And Roses
The works that that 'inimitable' (God we so hope!) lady-writer gave the world. The world is still in therapy!
“But not to and from anyone else's?” I asked.
“He is a good man and does not deserve this”, I sighed, thinking that families really had a lot to answer for at times. “Poor Sherlock. He has got used to things as they are and now a whole new set of complications.”
I do not think that I had ever seen a man look more condemned. Mr. Magnum looked piteously at me as if that would somehow get me to change my mind, then trudged slowly over to the table and signed his life away. It was probably wrong of the captain to draw his finger across his neck like that but... whatever.
The Adventure Of The Big Mountain
“Yes”, John sighed. “Any dessert?”
I thought for a moment.
I frowned and asked the obvious question.
“That means that you are our grandfather, sir”, the elder boy said politely. “May we be greatly honoured, and be permitted to address you as such?”
They were clearly still struggling with this. Particularly poor Mr. Bassett-Evans, who even more than Mr. Jukes looked like he might need John's professional services quite soon.
The Adventure Of The Resident Patient
The summer of that year was marked by the strange and tragic case of the suffragette Miss Emily Davison, who threw herself in front of the king's horse Anmer during the Derby. Quite why she sacrificed herself in this way remained a mystery; it only hardened attitudes against her cause which had also not been helped by the frankly inexplicable decision of her fellow idiots to start attacking pillar-boxes of all things!
Born in 1648 she became a mistress of King Charles the Second in 1667, around the time that she married her third cousin the rich Martin Hawke. As her father had had only daughters she was granted the right to inherit, but held the title for less than a year before dying in childbirth. She had no children from her marriage (unless her husband had somehow gotten her pregnant despite being permanently posted overseas!) so the king ensured that his and her son Stephen inherited the title. The Merry Monarch had two other bastard sons of importance; Charles D'Arcy was the ancestor of Sergeant Baldur D'Arcy in the stories, while Henry Earl of Grafton descends to Lady Diana Spencer, wife of Prince Charles and mother of Prince William. Jane's royal connections meant that Sherlock was actually Queen Victoria's seventh cousin twice removed, although because of the illegitimacy factor he had no claim to the throne.
That summer we were due to visit the Malones in Eastbourne. We had intended to travel by train from Berwick but a few days before we were to set out there occurred the terrible and inexplicable Salisbury railway accident when some twenty-eight people lost their lives as an express train tried to take a sharp curve at far too high a speed. Sherlock of course knew immediately of my concerns and instead suggested hiring a trap in the village and going by road. It was considerably slower but I enjoyed the journey, especially as we went via the coast and passed a beautiful old tower complete with a belvedere†.
The sergeant nodded and opened a folder.
When I had asked Sherlock to pick me up something from the sweet-shop to celebrate his nephew Tantalus's newest grandson Tane, this had definitely
I pouted, secure in the knowledge that I had my back to him. He was mean, using that word when I was too comfortable to move away.
An efficient but pernickety clerk who made a fuss at a time when his employer Mr. Frederick Leighton was racing against the clock to finish an important order. Mr. Leighton placed a pop-up giant spider in one of his ledgers; the young man had a weak heart and the shock killed him. His body was subsequently hidden in a wardrobe that, unluckily for his employers, was being sent to 221A Baker Street.
This heartless villain claimed to be descended from nobility. He purchased 'Podsnappery', a house from which he planned to kill John when he visited an adjoining street, but Sherlock got there in time and Doctor Peter Greenwood took out Clay with five shots.
“Why tomorrow?” Miss Kelley asked. “And how did you know the date of the August attack before we told you?”
I stopped. John was suddenly looking very worried.
Macduff Of Macduff As Macduff
I may have coughed pointedly – several times! – before this Adon.... this only moderately good-looking personage finally let go of someone who had not exactly tried to get away from him, and smiled beatifically at us both.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Your brothers are certainly quite distinctive”, Sherlock smiled. “Perhaps one day you can have a whole family reunion here or in Cornwall. I could help arrange that....”
“But Germany is a democracy”, I pointed out.
I did not blush
Hell, yes!
“The first concerns your sacking of five men at one of my mines for their participation in the recent General Strike.”
Brendon had once remarked of his own father that Duke Malcolm (Duke Edmund's grandfather and predecessor) could have not only provided a football team with his many bastard offspring but could have covered substitutes, the match officials, and have made a fair start on the crowd as well! I remembered that comment in particular because I had heard much the same said about my father’s business partner Sheridan, Lord Hawke; only later did I find out that this was true enough with me being numbered ‘in his team’! Some of the more observant (or at least the less insane!) of Watson’s readers remarked from time to time that it was a pity we never came across any of my other half-siblings and the like during our careers. The truth, as always in these things, was complicated.
I had barely sat down before he began.
That year also saw the wettest August on record and still more suffragette attacks that continued to do nothing for their cause. In autumn there was the start of the Balkan Wars in Europe, and it would be from that particular theatre that the war we had avoided thus far would break out two years hence. All in all this was turning into a year to forget.
Benji, with an extendable and replaceable Banjax
Postscriptum: The earl kept his word and his two oldest sons were dispatched on the 'Cameroon' to the Dark Continent. It seems however that once again a higher power decided on a rather greater punishment for they went down with that ship off the coast of Liberia. The earl himself died soon after and Lord Thomas succeeded to the title and the estate at Stalwarton, where he and his redoubtable wife continue to prosper.
“Then later I may let you wear the green panties again!”
Kiss And Tell
John's annoyance only increased when Day discovered that I could speak Cornish and we conversed in that ancient tongue. The fact he kept looking at my beloved while doing this probably accounted for the increasingly unhappy growling I could hear, and when he reached over to pat me on the shoulder John visibly seethed.
“What I have to tell you is in some ways difficult”, I said, “and given the delicate nature of the matter at hand I would ask that you not mention what passes in this room once you leave.”
by Mr. Brencis Bassett-Evans, Esquire
Oh boy, it did!
“How appropriate!” he beamed. “The first set of people to annoy me of late have been dealt with. I shall not have to have anyone else whipped, or at least not this morning.”
people that I could mention” (I glanced at the scowling lawyer before continuing). “You will sign this and revoke all claims on him, and I will ensure that the courts grant a decree
“Very little”, she frowned. “It is all incredibly vexatious. Elizabeth works in a bakery in Milford Street, next door to a photographic studio where they display some of their work in their window. Recently they put up this picture of four soldiers in uniform and she told me that she thought one of them was – I cannot believe that someone of my acquaintance actually uttered that dreadful word –
“He is her son all right”, Mr. Gable said stiffly. “Thinks he knows it all!”
The Adventure Of The Engineer's Thumb
I did not believe those last three words at all. And before you say it, I was about to be proven right in my cynicism!
Dancing In The Dark
It was Mr. Jackson-Giles's youngest (and twentieth; he was bad as our Westmorland friend!) son Stafford whom I had been able to help, as the boy was determined to become a doctor and had started skipping school to spend time helping out at St. Bartholomew's where I myself had trained. In return for his promising to complete his education I had arranged for him to help out with and attend lectures so he could get a head-start on his medical training. I had also promised to buy him some medical equipment each birthday and Christmas thereafter.
He pouted again when he saw that I was not going to change my mind.
The Adventure Of Maude
He frowned at that question for some reason.
“Fortunately the matter is in hand”, he said, a smile returning. “Father contacted me, I went to the inimitable Miss St. Leger – she is briefly back in London while Mr. Zeuson finishes the extension to their new home in Dunwich – and she is using her not inconsiderable talents to quietly recall all the copies of the dratted rag. If we tried to pull them openly there would of course be a rush on the things. Also she is 'having a word' with the magazine publishers.”
“Mr. Gino Scirocco known as 'The Scarecrow', famed for using a tramp-disguise to get close to his victims. Mr. Antonio Hartless known as 'The Tin Man', because he always wears grey. And Mr. Wesley Austin known as 'The Wizard' – because he is so efficient at making dead bodies disappear!”
I took the gun from him and he smiled at me strangely.
that he is making up for lost time but it has been ten years since the divorce and he is as insatiable as... well, as some relatives that I could mention!”
“Who?” I asked.
Just days after Ivan's return my emotions were still frazzled by the whole affair, so I was in little state to receive the news that reached us the day after New Year’s Day. On the little regarded southern front the Central Powers had recently won a great victory at Caporetto†, driving the Italians back some distance. Of course any information from so far away, let alone it being a war zone, was bound to take time to reach us but then bad news always travels fast.
A sampler. A small thing about two foot by one, and of only average quality. But it was what was on it that had caused my love's reaction. On one side there was a cup of coffee, a barley-sugar and a rasher of bacon, while on the other there was a doctor's bag – very definitely my own as it had my monogram on it – three bars of chocolate and, rather oddly, a magazine and an open newspaper. And in the middle with bees buzzing around them, a single word in pastel rainbow colours:
Young Mr. McCall shook at that but, I noted, did not look surprised. His friend moved round to sit next to him and wrapped a hairy arm around him, pulling him close.
“Thank you”, he said, evidently relieved.
1: Benjamin 'Benji' Jackson-Giles (1863-1950)
Breakfast In Marseilles
“I suppose so”, I said. “They seem pointless really.”
“But I know that he got married some years back to a local lady, a Miss Ruth Hale”, he said. “Even if we did not have the connection, I would not wish the general on my worst enemy.”
An Egyptian mummy determined to make up for four millennia without sex
1924. Sherlock and John cope with technology through dance and, ahem, 'other methods' (hint: Sherlock and John). Meanwhile a new arrival needs help to sidestep some bucolic bigotry.
It was exactly a week after the trip to the shop that he surprised me at dinner one evening.
“But what happened with his gun?” I asked.
We were once again back in Scotland. After a brief visit to Stevie and Hetty, Sherlock and I had first called in on historic Iona and then returned to the Western Isles after an absence of some twenty-one years where we had seen Lord Hamish MacGarry whose succession to his grandfather Alexander we had secured in somewhat questionable circumstances (The Adventure of the Two Clansmen). He was now some twenty-six years of age and married with two sons of his own, so his line was secured for the foreseeable future. His cousin Alan had of course apprised him of what we had done and the lord greeted us warmly, insisting on putting us up for our night in Lochboisdale for which I was grateful as the sea-crossing had been choppy.
I smiled at his forthrightness.
“They're our local rivals, sir”, Mr. William Forthright said, “so you'd expect a bit of argy-bargy and all. But they went after Ned and roughed him up good and proper. He had to be taken off at half-time.”
“I am sure that they have made sure to establish a separate line of communication that is secure”, I said, “so that when those in Washington D.C. read their messages they will come away with the impression that the whole royal family is a bunch of frankly insane Anglophiles. Indeed I would wager that they have also intercepted some preliminary discussions about tightening the treaty between our nations to allow British ships full rights in a greatly expanded port.”
realistic even at this distance!
“Grudgingly, I bet!” I said. Sherlock smiled at my cynicism.
Sherlock did not to my surprise hail a cab but instead led the way first into Boundary Road and then House-Martin Lane, the road which ran parallel to and behind Nightingale Lane. This too was mostly residential properties but halfway along there was a new building which was rather too modern for my tastes, all metal and glass. Sherlock led the way into 'The Michelangelo Art Studio' (really?) and I followed.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
I looked pointedly at the sergeant-major who shrugged his soldiers.
“I thought you said that your family was South African in part?” I said.
What was left of me the next day did wonder; he could surely not have been so devious as to.... could he have?
“I am going to investigate the matter of this photograph, Miss Woodhouse”, he said eventually. “Something about it feels wrong and I would like to know the truth, if only to satisfy my own curiosity. I shall of course keep both you and Miss Radley-Barnham fully informed of any developments, but in all fairness I must warn you as I warned her that it may be that Lieutenant Anderson was indeed speaking the truth when he said his colleague had died.”
“He was set up there when all this confrontation started”, he said. “Whoever did it dressed him in clothes similar to the ones His Lordship prefers and even gave him a wig the same colour.”
I was more than a little suspicious when, only moments after my love had been called out to one of the 'boys' at Mr. Godfreyson's molly-house, John's least favourite Cornish ex-fisherman chanced to call by. Lowen clearly saw my cynicism and nodded as he sat down.
As the minutes ticked by however I began to wonder what was keeping my nephew and grandson. Mr. Hebden came in and kindly said that he would make rooms up for us in the west wing rather than having to go back into the village to the tavern there. Finally when it was nearly half-past nine the two wanderers returned... oh.
“Why did you not tell me?” he asked.
“What did you do?” Sherlock asked softly.
I gasped, looking at my mug in betrayal.
Sherlock was putting his clean clothes away when I came back from my walk later that day and I sat down to read my paper. After a while however I became aware that he was looking for something. I put the paper down.
“The manager said that each student was allotted one of the counties in or near London and had to produce a piece of art representing it”, he said. “I thought that we might see what they made of our soon to be home, East Sussex. Ah, here it..... oh.”
Burning Injustice
“I would say, sir, that my prophesying powers exceeded her own!”
I had examined all three boys myself but had not been able to make hide nor hair as to what was wrong with them. It was curious, I thought, that Lord Harry's two daughters had not caught whatever it was and I also quickly sensed that Peter had something to say to me that he did not want our host to overhear. But it was not until we took a walk around the estate before dinner that he unburdened himself to me. And then some!
Sherlock turned to me.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The son of Mr. Everard Street, Demetrius was known around Dingwall as 'Misery Street'. He was an unpleasant bully who delighted in tormenting people around the town. He met the original Bad End when he tried to scare the local taxidermist into a heart-attack by leaping down in front of him from behind a door while wielding a knife; the chair that he had been on overbalanced and his knife went into his neck, killing him almost instantly. The taxidermist then stuffed him and a year later Sherlock did that rare thing, investigating something that he really, really should not have done. Safe to say he never again had stuffing with his roast dinners!
→1.4: Margaret (1887-1950)
He looked pointedly at me  – I was just about managing to hold back from a whoop of joy – but continued.
“I can assure you that
Nearly the evening one, as well!
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Yes. Your point?”
“The pilots normally fly straight to the landing-area by the Postmaster-General's house in Windsor”, he said. “But His Majesty is hosting a garden-party that day and the pilot has been asked to fly over so he can give the great and the good something to gawp at.”
The Adventure Of The Golden Pince-Nez
“It is all very strange that the British newspapers are so silent about this Mrs. Simpson woman”, I observed to Sherlock as we lay there after shredding the final pair (if he would insist on cooking naked except for them.....). “She may be Queen one day.”
“Someone that we have never met before, yet know of”, I said cryptically.
“Once we ascertain the illness we can then decide upon the treatment”, Sherlock said. “If it is the mild strain then there is no risk of contagion; indeed that manifests itself as little more than a common cold, sometimes with a sore throat. But a blanched face like you describe.... that does
You can't trust anyone these days!
I really should not even have thought that, as the mind-reading bastard is now looking way too thoughtful. Damnation!
The fellow at the door was momentarily confused at having two targets, but he turned and levelled his gun at me. Lion, bless the fellow, did not hesitate but fired straight at him. The door slammed in front of 'Mr. Smith' but from the slowly enlarging red patch on his white shirt and the way in which he slumped to the floor, there had been no need. He was dead.
“It really is like having a guardian angel”, I said with a smile. “We are so lucky to have him!”
I winced. I believed that patriotism was generally a force for good but Mr. Benedict Patterson was an irksome idiot who never missed an opportunity to remind everyone that he was an AMERICAN (capital letters not optional) living in London. He was in an ongoing feud with his local council who were trying to get him to tone down his red, white and blue house with its seventeen –
It was damnably unfair of our former landlady and her husband to laugh at that as it was completely untrue. Almost completely untrue. And that had better not be another damn smirk!
“Not exactly”, he said to my evident mystification. “But I know who he really is, or was. I can also make a guess as to why Carl tells me that there is no record of him on the army pay-roll, although if I am right the case will require some delicate handling.”
“Presumably he had recovered the following morning?” Sherlock asked.
The Adventure Of Podsnappery
“Of course”, I said with a smile. “I survived your Scottish trip and this is much closer. You should go and pack. I will fine.”
I looked around the cottage and smiled. It was so very both of my late grandfathers.
“How?” he asked.
I looked at him admiringly and handed it over.
The Adventure Of The Dead Man's Watch
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“We must send Mr. Holmes a telegram at once”, he urged. I shook my head.
The Adventure Of The Curious Cab-driver
“She is about twenty-five, plain and thin”, Mrs. Gable said. “Blonde hair and does not wash her hands often enough, but I suppose one has to take what one can get in this day and age. One hopes that she will improve with time, or she will be out.”
Murdered because the government needed a dead body that resembled a policeman that they had just killed (Abbas Parva case, 1890).
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
John crossed his legs at that. So, instinctively, did I. Ugh!
A Case Of Identity
Now it was Tantalus's and my turn to look confused.
I chuckled to myself. I could just imagine my father rolling his eyes when I told him that later. Some things in this fast-changing world stayed the same, thankfully.
“Not this one!” Mr. Malone said fervently. “She was so High Church we suspected her of angling to become the next Archbishop of bloody Canterbury! And one of her favourite high horses was the evil of the demon drink; she went on about it all the time.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“A half-brother!”
I sniggered. He was clearly not that annoyed, especially when Mr. Lannister, pulled him upright into a manly embrace and Mr. Dayne crossed to sit with them.
1933. A sad year ends in tears for Sherlock – but they are tears of happiness.
“Distraction sex?” I grinned.
I suspected that he was right.
generation”, he said.
1906. An untimely clerical visit leads to embarrassment for John if not Sherlock, and the doctor suffers what seems for now to be a minor disappointment.
“It is from Mrs. Whitlow”, he said. “Apparently it got separated from the other items in the wash and she only found it yesterday so she brought it with her today.” His eyes narrowed. “That is odd. I do not remember her carrying anything when she arrived earlier.”
I wished that I could have shared his confidence. But he took my hand, so I felt a little better.
The Adventure Of The Haggi
Our circle of friends had, predictably, not come through the war unscathed. Just weeks before the whole horrible business had been ended, Gregson's eighteen-year-old grandson Tobias had been killed in the trenches with victory within sight. We had I suppose been fortunate that that had been our only loss; Lord Hawke's third son Harry had wanted to join up but the war had ended a month before his eighteenth birthday, while the same fate had befallen our friend Mr. Blaze Trevelyan's son Austol. And another friend, Mr. Cecil Forrester's son of the same name, had actually landed on the Continent and had been on his way to the Front when the Armistice had come into effect.
Our guide round the air-base was Captain John Henderson, a dashing blond fellow of about twenty-five years of age who was the archetypal British soldier. He was it turned out a pilot himself but had not applied to fly the new service.
I was rapidly becoming of the impression that the saucy young fellow actually enjoyed making the larger man blush like that. I suppressed a smile and went over to the desk, got the will and returned. I read it through carefully then thought again.
The Adventure Of The Vatican Cameos
“As you can see it has been clipped twice”, he said, pointing to where the train conductors had marked the ticket at each end.
One of the lesser problems of having money was knowing when to help out people without seeming like one was interfering. John and had both kept an eye out for our friend LeStrade's grandson Galahad whose physical prowess (of which John had not been the least bit jealous, of course!) had brought us our penultimate case from Baker Street. We knew that he had just finished training to be a doctor but we both suspected that his family background might make gaining a foothold in his chosen profession more difficult than it should have done, even in so cosmopolitan a city as London. Our good friend Ginger helped monitor him for us and told us that this was indeed the case so we arranged for Lady Radnor, patroness of one of the most prestigious surgeries in the West End, to see the picture that he and his friend Mr. West had done as 'Gladiators At The Baths' (we had both seen said picture and it was safe to say that it had left almost
“Only when Dad's happy”, I said. “When he gets down, they just spend time naked and holding each other. It's weird, but then that's people for you.”
The Adventure Of The Insane Duellist
1915. Everyone makes their contribution to the war effort, and John also very generously makes a contribution towards testing a new chocolate selection. But death rains down from on high and only the intervention of a distant sibling enables John's brother Stephen to avoid it on the tracks.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
1914. A last departure from 221B, and the journey back to their new life together.
My heart broke. Again.
He shuddered for some reason. I had no idea why; I was being very generous to him all things considered. But if he continued to annoy friends of mine, that would end very suddenly!
Ivan coughed and somehow contrived to look even more nervous.
“Well, if you did not
There was a moan from the bedroom, and my guest smiled slightly.
And come I did, even before he was inside me and so hard that my eyes watered. He paused in his attentions and grinned at me from between my legs. Then to my annoyance he slid the vibrator back in and began to move up my chest, licking away my come as he did so. I groaned in anticipation and he gently bit one of my nipples, making me hard again in short order. He chuckled.
A couple of weeks later we went to London to meet up with an old friend, Chief-inspector Chatton Smith. He had come to London as part of his recent promotion which had been partly brought about by his solving a particularly sensitive case involving several important people in Cumberland, all of whom were now marking the festive season from behind bars. We met him at my favourite restaurant in Trafalgar Square – their chocolate cake was even better than I had remembered – and Sherlock asked after Mr. Smith's lover Mr. Macdonald.
Once at the theatre we were introduced to a Mr. William Benson, the director of this absolute, unmitigated travesty of a play. He was awestruck at our appearance and wanted to introduce us to all the cast but luckily Sherlock dissuaded him. I say luckily because I had brought my gun and
The Adventure Of The Wonderful Day
He opened one blue eye at me and squinted at the early morning light.
Halfway along the second side was where the path from the Hall crossed a gap in the hedge. Sherlock stopped and looked thoughtfully across at the stone in the distance.
“Introverts like him are good at concealing their true feelings”, Doctor Watson said. “I have treated some in my time, and like a volcano one never knows when the eruption is going to happen. Your parents are good people, but they cannot have known or they would certainly have done something.”
That explained the accent then. The Galvidians had been a late edition to the Scottish kingdom having been wrested from the ancient English kingdom of Northumbria and then retained some degree of independence because of their relative isolation. Sherlock and I had passed through the area after our sole Irish adventure many years back and again not long after his return when we had visited the Isle of Whithorn (Vich Ian Vor). Most memorably of all, of course, after our Gretna case (Murder Over The Border) and just prior to our moonlight encounter in the smith there. I had liked the area a lot and only wished that it had been warmer, otherwise it might well have rivalled the Sussex Downs as a possible place for our retirement.
“Go on”, I said.
She sighed.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
I tensed and looked across at Sherlock who immediately got up and came over to stand next to me, placing his hand reassuringly on my shoulder.
“What do you mean?” she asked. He sat back.
The Adventure Of The Cardboard Box
A king who 'celebrates' his coronation at every house along a road
Apparently Heaven was going to have to wait some more!
“How did he manage that?” I asked.
Ten long days apart from Sherlock and at the end it had been just too much to bear. When the telegram had arrived telling me that he would be on the first train up from London that Monday morning and indeed was probably already on his way, I felt like a little boy whose Christmases had all come at once. My brother put up with me for an impressive ten minutes before telling me I was being an idiot and taking me down to the station where he put me on the first southbound train for Doncaster (I could have just reached Peterborough but would only have had five minutes in hand and I had this terrible fear that I might miss the love of my life and have to wait even longer). Finding Sherlock in that compartment had been like coming home.
I was surprised that he was going abroad at this late stage in his career but of course I agreed. I would do anything for my man.
“That'd be our Mr. Thomas”, the fellow said without hesitation. “Mr. Heston trained him to start with but then he went off to Dumfries and enrolled in some fancy school there for a few months. He could probably shoot the weathercock off the church all the way from the Hall if he was so inclined.”
A spy story that utterly terrified Sherlock
I winced as I thought back to the terrible Madam Worrea and more recently Mistress Glick, both of whom had paid for their character failings albeit to different degrees. If this was the future of fairer sex, then Mankind was pretty much doomed in my humble opinion. At least this harridan had not got round to simpering at Sherlock.
“Mr. Hector Addleford”, he said. “
A tentacled monster that pleasured a lifeboat crew all day and night
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
He was already racing to our room.
The joys of heaven. Endless energy to deal definitively with mirthful mountaineers! And I found out that those fluffy white wings of his are extremely sensitive in some areas.... let alone what happened when I caressed his halo!
I was surprised when my second telegram was answered in person by a visitor to Baker Street the following day, for it was none other than Sheikh Khalid of Arbir who we had helped out some months back over my other nephew's 'somewhat irregular' weekend jobs. Plural.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Our inn at Kirkcudbright was basic but functional, and we had adjoining single rooms with a connecting door which was good. I was not surprised therefore when Sherlock came to my room that night, and I smiled as he stood at the far end of the bed slipping off his dressing-gown.
sniff.
“I doubt it”, I said. “Especially if he had had that woman and her watchdog breathing down his neck like I had until I told him to hop it because he was getting in the way and I might stop if he did not. Even if the local man had found it he might have felt compelled not to make an issue of it. Like the constable said, he too has to live with these people once we are gone.”
Who was I kidding?
“Terrible the way that some men strut like that”, I said innocently. Sherlock gave me the sort of look that made it clear he could see right through my sardonicity, and I shuddered most pleasurably.
“All still in the business”, Mr. Smith said. “Chummy bought them a new and bigger house in Maryport, although they all insist on coming round to 'check up' on Fray and me from time to time. Thank the Lord that we have staff who come in but can be put off for a time; the six of us can have a Naked Day even if Chummy does strut so after he has 'seen to' the boys.”
I coughed for no particular reason. Mr. Trevelyan grinned.
I winced. I could see all too well what Mrs. Mercy LeStrade had perhaps naturally assumed. Sherlock asked the obvious question.
I could tell from his scent how distressed he was, as doubtless he could tell from mine how miserable I was feeling. We quite literally clawed each other's clothes off in our eagerness, and how we got to the bedroom without sustaining a major injury I do not know. Of course Sherlock was undressed first and when I had finally managed to get myself out of a pair of trousers which seemed to have been glued to me, I looked up to see him naked on the bed, his legs drawn back and ready for me. I was fifty-four years old and I briefly wondered if I would live to see fifty-five when I saw that. Then he moaned in anticipation and my higher brain functions promptly hoisted the white flag.
by Mr. Sherlock Holmes, Esquire
“Next week against Berwick”, Mr. James Forthright said. “Coach said he won't pick Ned after what happened.”
“The area is under the 'jurisdiction' of the unpleasant Sergeant Whitefeather”, I said, “so I can imagine that that would be a wasted journey as I know his bigotry marches in step with the rest of his unpleasant nature. I shall give this matter my most urgent attention, nephew. I need to send out some telegrams first but once they come back, I shall act. You have my word on that.”
“He was one of twelve gentlemen who read for the part, and very keen”, the director said. “Physically he matched up to what was wanted but more importantly Mr. Cumberbatch has a reputation for being a little, ahem, a tad difficult when it comes to his fellow performers, and he took a strong dislike to several of the others that we had considered for the part. I do not think that he likes Mr. Freeman much either for that matter; however he at least tolerates him. He got on well with two of the other applicants but they both read poorly.”
A few days later I was writing up some notes when a package came for Sherlock, Upon opening it he smiled then came over to me and placed the paper bag he had extracted from it on my desk the open end towards me. Inside was a gentleman's hair-brush.
“What was that, sir?” the sergeant asked.
My nephews and niece had all gone to Hetty's parents for the New Year so it was just the four of us for the last few days which was nice in its own way. Much as I loved being Uncle John (and Sherlock always blubbered whenever one of the children called him Uncle Sherlock!) an adult Christmas, our last before we would decamp next September to our new hideaway, was wonderful. True we could still visit them for the festive season thereafter but it felt like this was in some way a defining moment. Just nine months to get through without any hiccoughs, and we were there.
I stared at him in bewilderment.
I growled fiercely and dragged the vibrator out myself not even noticing the pain.
All right, maybe one eyebrow. And her knowing look was uncomfortable if well-merited. I think that she just about suppressed what sounded like the start of a snigger. That cough sounded suspicious, though!
to mislead, to throw confusion upon confusion as it were. It is not easy to shoot a man in poor visibility on a cold and foggy morning even if one is an excellent shot – but in this case the shooter had help. Mr. Alan Dallas stopped and turned at that stone and stood there waiting because he saw someone that he knew coming after him. He did not draw his knife because he saw no danger – but he was wrong because that person would help kill him.”
“Easiest five bob I ever made!” his wife grinned, pocketing her winnings.
The Adventure Of The Venomous Gila
We lay there for some little time before he peeled himself back off of me and wiped us both down. Only then did he slowly pull out and cu... edge himself up against me holding me in a manly embrace as we both fell asleep, broken and exhausted. I was so damn lucky!
“That does not sound much better!” I said. “Our friend says that is is something to do with an inheritance, but he would prefer to discuss it in person if we can come.”
I looked out of the nearby window to the trees beyond and suppressed a smile. I could see where this story was going now.
Oh a lighter note, I also remember being horrified by an advertisement for the new Morris Oxford† 'auto-mobile' (they were also being called 'cars' now, short for horseless carriages I supposed) which it was claimed could reach speeds of fifty miles per hour. However I did not, as some blue-eyed genius claimed, go on about it
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
her financial assistance. Blaze somehow refrained from tearing him limb from limb – pity! – but as it turned out he did not have to; Sherlock's brother worked himself up into such a state that he suffered an apoplectic shock and was declared dead on arrival at the hospital.
shot at a maid just because she had made me jump, nor had I ever accidentally shot myself in the foot! As for my worshipping a slice of chocolate cake, that had never happened, or even if it had it could never be proven. The fact that the few people watching seemed to find the portrayal highly amusing did not help either!
“We shall go to see Mr. Creighton Dallas first”, Sherlock said some little time later, “since we can work round the three sides of the field afterwards and finish by the halt.”
All right, maybe that was pushing it. But it was not far short!
“He seemed the obvious candidate”, Sherlock said. “For one thing, whoever planned this had to have known about the visit of the French president as these things are planned months in advance. That meant someone most probably in the pay of either the Germans or the Austrians. When Mr. Cumberbatch happened across that theatre group in York, he realized what an opportunity it presented. Anyone who knows anything about the French president knows that he is fond of your writings, so if a play about us was on in London during his visit he would wish to see it. We know from the director's lack of reaction that the visit was kept secret.”
Sherlock looked pointedly at the sergeant, who blushed.
“I would rather have the conversation that we are about to undertake in private, if you do not mind”, Sherlock said carefully. “It is not something that I believe you would wish one of your valued customers to walk in on.”
“To match the one that you are going for in pouting!” he chuckled.
“Tan?” I yawned, looking down at my nephew. I still thought of him as such even through there were no actual blood ties between us, and he had kept his last name he said to honour me and what he had called his 'inimitable mother of my mother's former husband'; he knew as well as I did how Mother would respond to anyone using the g-word in her hearing. It would be Pompeii and Vesuvius all over again, except a hundred times worse.
I shook my head at him and turned back to this 'wireless radio set'. Radios had been around for years and I knew that they served good purpose on the seas in helping ships communicate with each other, especially since the loss of the 'Titanic' had led to shipping companies being belatedly compelled to keep them turned on at all times so they could actually be used when needed (something that the government should have made them do long beforehand if it had had any sense). But a radio in the house to receive 'programmes'? It seemed.... strange.
“You said that he took the train to Castle Douglas to connect through to Portpatrick”, Sherlock said. “He did, but then alighted at the first station, Crossmichael, and walked back here. It is but a few miles across country, nothing to someone with his stamina. After the killing he would have time to return to Crossmichael and slip into the first train of the day 'on the blind side', and of course with a valid ticket; my research revealed that those on that railway do not bear a date as they are colour-coded to distinguish between on the day and period tickets. A near-perfect alibi.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“You said that you were on reasonably good terms with your grandfather”, I said eventually. “Do you have a copy of his will?”
I was about to see such aggression in the New Woman first-hand that very morning. Miss Holston Radley-Barnham was about thirty years of age, dressed in what was almost a manly-like set of clothes and clearly thought a great deal of herself on what as far as I could see were precious little grounds. She was also American and like rather too many of her countryfolk did not seem to realize we were sat in the same room, not several miles away across the plains.
The Adventure Of The Greek Interpreter
Now I recognized him. Fraser Macdonald the younger, son of Ross and grandson of his namesake who had retired to his native Lakes years ago along with our other friend Mr. Chatton Smith. Sherlock had helped this young fellow some years back when his old school had closed and he had wished to get into a most exclusive one near his home, and the boy had written a letter of thanks that had made Sherlock request some of that manly embracing thing that he liked and that I tolerated for him
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“I do not believe it!” Mr. Gable protested. Although his words lacked conviction.
“I get it”, he smiled. “The sergeant
“Never mind”, Sherlock grinned. “Let me try for a gold medal of my own.”
“You know that we would not have called on you for help unless things were desperate”, he said. “Well, they are now really,
“He seemed unable to stand or even sit up”, Miss Kelley said. “It was most worrisome but, as I said, he seemed right as rain the next day so we just thought it was something that he had eaten. His brothers had taken him to a new restaurant the night before – Argentinian, I think he said – and he had not liked it much.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“My father married my mother when they were both very young”, he said. “It was a happy marriage but there were no children, and once he passed forty years of age he became increasingly anxious to secure the dynasty. There have been Andersons at Biddleston since the thirteenth century, you see. Father also disliked Philip, his brother and potential heir, intensely; with good reason I might add. Finally when she was forty-three my mother became pregnant with me; I was born over a month early and she died of complications soon afterwards.
“Because although it may deter a small-scale war, it will mean that a major conflict will likely drag in everybody”, he had said. “The Continent is divided up into two warring camps, and those alliances could drag in everyone if just one domino goes over.”
“How do you know that he is an excellent shot?” I asked.
The Saving Of Thomas Sullivan Magnum
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
“Mr. Watkin”, he said gravely, “there is a very strong likelihood that when he visited your shop that day the fourth man in that fateful photograph was in the early stages of a most horrible and deadly disease that he had contracted from the regiment's time in India. It has an unusually long gestation period – about three months, is that not right doctor?”
And at King's Cross.
There. A definite flicker.
“I had better be getting back to London then”, he said. “Trey's place is off Regent's Park and just round the corner from your old house in Baker Street –
“Is there anything that can be done?” I asked hopefully.
“No, our local eunuchs have become wonderfully popular with everyone in the village and surrounding area”, Tantalus grinned. “Remember that deal I had with Cal?”
“Can this thing not go any faster?” Lion fretted. “Are we being pursued?”
“The maiden voyage was delayed because her sister ship the 'Olympic' was badly damaged when she was rammed by 'H.M.S. Hawke'”, he explained. “I suppose one could say that that had helped cause the sinking, otherwise she would have been crossing at a time of less ice. One Hawke crashing. But what could the second one be unless the old ship is still under that half-blind captain‡.... oh.”
The Adventure Of The Truthful Politician
I thought for a moment.
As I looked around our rooms, I felt a certain wistfulness that what we had had here was coming to an end. John and I were still happy together in Baker Street, but somehow we were beginning to mentally disengage from the place in favour of that wonderful cottage on the downs. It was strange having ties to two houses at the same time as we moved towards an exciting future that would hopefully be trouble-free, especially as I would have John all the time now. In those wonderful super-reinforced beds!
One Mr. Ivan Watson sat on our couch, very clearly seething. Sherlock, being the unhelpful bastard that he was at times like this, was sat behind him  holding one of my new Flake chocolate bars in a way that.... we had my son present, damn the rogue!
I stared at the rogue as he hustled me into an empty room. That was wrong on so many levels that I did even not know where to start and why were my buttons suddenly so damn difficult?
That clearly shocked even the recovering Mr. Battenberg, who yelped in pain as he sat up rather too fast and stared at the boy standing over him.
I suddenly realized just why Nick had been splattered with blue paint yesterday, and quite probably why he had had that knowing look as well. Sherlock was giving me that terrible smile of his.
“He tried to get some friends of his in the police service to close down one of Sweyn's molly-houses”, I said, passing him a sheet of paper. “So I applied to our friend Ginger and asked him what he could find on the fellow. Considering his physical repulsiveness one would not have thought that he went in for that sort of thing.”
“Because in that post you will have Strafford Island citizenship”, I said, “which will be completed when you sign that document on the table over there. You can then leave the country with Prince Pale of that island who is visiting England just now, which means that no-one will be able to touch you as you will be a foreign citizen even when you are on American soil.”
“But John......” he said plaintively.
“Maybe dry”, the constable said, “but I dare say he mayn’t look over poor Mr. Dallas. His daughter had a fit when I suggested even getting Doc Ross in town to come take a look.”
“Just when did they tell you that?” he demanded.
“What I wish to know”, he said, “is whether you can tell me who the conductor was on a certain train and if he would have remained on just one route?”
off! I was either a bumbling idiot sure that I knew who had committed any crime and invariably being proved wrong, or I sat there cleaning my revolver while pouting in a way that I never did in real life (and if anyone in the vicinity felt compelled to suggest otherwise I would p..... probably not be happy!). I had
“Tell us everything”, Sherlock said before drinking his coffee down in a single draught.
Judging from the horrified looks on the faces of the Baddesleys and that both of them rushed their hands across their lower reaches, they had got the message. I smiled and doubtless John would have too had he not had a mouthful of cake, the sheikh's efficient servants having brought several more slices of it.
Seven months to go.
That had been early summer and now, at the start of our last month in Baker Street we were having another breakfast together (yes he was
Based on the adventures of Mr. Francis Poncherello and Mr. Jonathan Baker
That May we had a visit from my brother Stevie since Hetty was visiting her parents with young Mary and Stephen, and he had pointedly not been invited (he admitted that there may or may not have been a small celebration whisky around the time that his wife had told him that). We spent a very pleasant week together, although for some reason he insisted on lodging at The Majestic Duck rather than the cottage, and always shook his head at me when I met him in what may have been perhaps slightly less than perfect order of a morning. The only cloud in those blue Sussex skies was the knowledge of the terrible war that was still raging in the trenches not far to the south across the Channel.
“Yup!” he said, his breathing becoming laboured once more. “Hurry the damn up!”
“Definitely!” Sherlock said. “Did this Mr. Delaware give you his card?”
Sherlock thought for a moment then smiled.
He stared at me as if I were mad.
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
The Adventure Of The Norwood Builder
My father never coped well with emotions, and we both knew that extreme emotions always led to him hurrying off to fuck my godfather until he had gotten it out of his system. I shook my head.
“Day lives in a small cottage just beyond the southern edge of the village”, he smiled. “We all know how the dear doctor is always worried about his age, especially just now when he is in his fifties while the man that he loves is not. So this is what I suggest....”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
He scowled at my wit, then at John for his poorly suppressed snigger.
“Not yet”, he said, “but she knows who does. A lady called Miss Eleanor Clerihew, the late Lady Hawke's companion. She is staying on at the Park Lane flat until it it sold; Harry has promised to find a place for her before that happens.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
After a gloriously sunny afternoon and some serious making-out on the river-bank we returned to the village. To my surprise Sherlock insisted on dropping the car off at the garage where Kent, one of the blacksmith's boys, was waiting in the garage car to give us a lift home. I wondered what this was all about, the muscular young fellow's smirk not helping, and wondered even more when Sherlock insisted on blindfolding me on the way back to the cottage.
The lawyer sighed and sat back in his plush chair.
What made it worse was the letter that my friend had sent to me, marked 'Confidential: Patient's Records'. They had indeed been inside, but there had been a note from Peter telling me to make sure that I did not bring Sherlock with me. Considering how well they got on with each other I found this worrying but given my love's susceptibility to catching anything going I had been able to persuade him to let me go alone, although I missed him terribly. I was really worried about that note, though. It was so unlike Peter.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
A Civil War romp, in which a Roundhead soldier misuses his mighty weapon
The Adventure Of The Dingley Dissimulation
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Neither of you.”
“It is a pleasure to see you”, Sherlock smiled. “I trust that everyone back home is well?”
I suppose it was my own damn stupid fault. I'd gone round to see Mr. Sherlock Holmes to talk to him about the Quainton Street Robbery – broad daylight, dammit! –  only to find that my own father was calling as well. I'd known he was due in London soon and I should've remembered; today was one of Mrs. Rockland's baking days.
A sex-mad religious sect that eschews underwear
The first few months of that year saw two events of interest, the first of which was the one foretold by those knowing ladies whom we had met a few years back on the Isle of Wight (and who still sent Sherlock various knitwear, some of which.... seriously, 'Bee Outstanding!'?). The famous 'H.M.S. Dreadnought' was launched and duly revolutionized naval warfare, but the inevitable result was an arms race as other nations scrambled to catch up; as the ladies had also foretold the most powerful ship in the world would end up barely lasting a decade. The other event was the first international rugby match in which England beat France, which I only mention because I told Sherlock about it one day, he dug out that rugby kit from Bamburgh and....... and I could not make it to church the following Sunday. Talk about a scrum-down!
“What does that smell of?” he asked.
The Adventure Of The Devil's Foot
Damnation!
“With the what?” my nephew asked, clearly confused.
“I do know all the signals now”, I said defensively. “For example, waving my hand up and down means I am slowing dowwwwww!”
“Churchill's or Hitler's?” Sherlock asked wryly. “The soundings that I have been getting from Germany of late are ominous indeed.”
The Adventure Of The Three Students
“And mine as well!” the nobleman grinned darkly.
weekend.”
near to the theatre which he loves to visit”, Miss Kelley agreed. “It really is the devil’s work to keep him away from it!”
The gentleman who met us some little time later looked almost ordinary considering how we had first seen him (although I did notice the looser than normal trousers). Sherlock re-introduced us both and I saw the look of horror cross his face.
Mrs. Susan Start was an elderly and, as Sherlock had said, a very small woman who was in her late sixties. To save anyone asking, yes she did simper at someone, and no it was not me. One thing that I would
However, Sherlock's surprise turned out to be something rather different. We were back at Bamburgh and I was puzzled that despite the lateness of the season there was a large number of people on the beach, even stranger all looking inland as if expecting something. An aeroplane, perhaps?
“But something has happened to prevent that”, Sherlock said shrewdly, “or make it less likely and to the detriment of Lord Thomas, otherwise you would not both be here today. What was it?”
I sniffed mournfully and wrapped myself ever tighter in blankets which seemed to do precious little to keep out the cold. Sherlock brought me another cup of coffee and placed it on the table next to me, then sat down and pulled me to him. I went willingly, more grateful than ever for his superhuman warmth.
“Why did he think that that was significant?” I asked.
“David and Denzel Baddesley”, he said. “Is there anything you can do, do you think?”
“He looks a bit of a scarecrow?” I ventured.
I was now going from red to white. Put some oil in me and I could have acted as a flash-light!
I suppose that one does not get a coconut every time!
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The Adventure Of The Sore Loser
“Yes, some of my ladies use Mr. Frensberg”, the handsome young ruler said, “although I was not aware that he was a relative of yours. He is a most sound fellow, and I do not like to hear of his difficulties.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
It was odd that the leering pest had worded his message in that particular way, because he was in fact quite wrong. So there!
Postscriptum: The service to Newlyn did not last long, barely seeing in the new year, although it was replaced by one to St. Just and Land's End. The Marazion service was discontinued in 1916, and under government pressure the Great Western Railway Company divested itself of its omnibus services between 1929 and 1933.
1918. The terrible war claims the lives of two men known to the dynamic duo as it finally begins to move against the Triple Alliance. Someone is in for an unexpected stay behind bars, and a family friend has to delay his retirement.
He stopped seemingly lost for words.
The young fellow reddened. I was reminded of his prodigious Westmorland cousin who also blushed very easily.
“You are truly a man of the world”, I told my nephew, “so I am going to be honest with you. It is a complex situation overall but when I was much younger I had a brief affair in which the woman involved later had a daughter, and decided not to inform me of that fact. That daughter grew up and married Lord Harry Hawke, so Trey as you call him is indeed my grandson. As you doubtless also know my grandson's wife is of a sufficiently questionable character that we cannot be sure of any of her children are his. I doubt that their marriage is long for this world anyway, but...”
We followed him into the small cottage which was typical of many such bachelor places I had seen before if rather neater than most. I wondered what Sherlock was going to ask this fellow and once again he surprised me.
“He told Father that someone at one of his clubs had recommended you”, Mr. Wolf sighed, “before he sounded off once too often.”
“That is sort of true”, Sherlock smiled. “I just need to see the manager of this place and explain why he has two strange men wandering around it.”
“What was that about?” I asked.
The Sign Of The Four
We both looked at him in confusion.
Poor Jack took some time to recover, and the most of the rest of 1912 passed quietly as he did so. There was of course an inquiry into the sinking but popular opinion (with which I concurred) was that the whole thing was a whitewash designed to shift blame away from the Board of Trade and their quarter of a century old safety regulations, and onto the crew of the 'Californian' which had followed procedures by turning off its wireless set that fateful night and whose crew had mistaken the flares sent up from the great liner as celebratory ones (it was only after the disaster that the use of flares was firmly restricted to calls for help). Captain Edward Smith, who had ignored several ice-warnings, posted insufficient lookouts and run his ship at full-speed into an ice-field, was not only exonerated but also honoured as a hero for going down with his ship, while little mention was made of the fact that the White Star line had reduced the original plan for thirty-two lifeboats‡ (which could have saved most of the people on board that fateful night had they all been filled) to a meagre sixteen. Hmm.
I just hoped that they buried me decently when my time came!
Backlash!
He looked at me in confusion but rose to his feet, although he elicited another fierce blush from my half-nephew when he kissed him as he pulled him to his feet. I noted that the larger man still stuck close to him as he handed me the keys. Some men were so whipped!
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
The Adventure Of The Extra Stamp
The sergeant nodded but stayed silent.
, Mr. Holmes, then this would be a short meeting indeed!”
A giant rubber ball that rolls over and sexually exhausts its victims
each other, sinking one trawler. The Royal Navy was scrambled to pursue and the Czar very quickly agreed to set the matter before an independent international tribunal. Sherlock did receive several frantic telegrams from his brother Randall over the matter although fortunately the lounge-lizard did not appear at our door as the man-traps had not yet arrived.
anything that made fun of them”, I deflected.
The Problem Of Thor Bridge
Both his lovers rolled their eyes at him. He was asleep again by the time we left.
That year was also marked by two departures. Sanitary engineer Thomas Crapper, famed for his development of the toilet, died. And after one of the famous murder trials of the age, Doctor Hawley Crippin who had murdered his wife and later fled the country only to be arrested with the aid of the wireless telegraph, was hung.  A good riddance in the latter's case.
“You, doctor”, he said, to my surprise. “A gentleman called at Baker Street to talk to you on a matter of some urgency, and I needed to know if you wished to see them.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
I managed to stand up on wobbly legs and made my way across to him. Then I just stared.
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
The gaze resumed. The clock ticking in the corner seemed unnaturally loud, I thought.
“I know”, he said grimly. “But proving it depends on whether the next witness that I question can provide me with the evidence.”
intelligence this landlady quickly puts two and two together, and realizes that one of the properties of the mushrooms that she has picked must be to bring about a calm tranquillity among those who eat them.”
“Which I am going to serve with that chocolate custard recipe that Mrs. Malone bequeathed to us.”
I remember this visit because Jack, who had become a journalist at the 'Times' with only a little help from Sherlock, mentioned that the recent
“Sherlock!”
The shop in question was Watkin & Sons, Professional Photographers. Inside we were met by a bearded fellow of about forty years of age who introduced himself as the owner, Mr. Edward Watkin.
Our former landlady gave him a dirty look; we had timed our visit to overlap that of the Rocklands and their six children. Yes,
Lord Tobias nudged his twin, and they both advanced to kneel before my friend.
The Wheel of Fortune at a molly-house that decides... you know
“What makes you say that?” she said at last.
“Your wife and children are waiting for you”, he reminded Ivan, “and you can of course call on us any time. Although it may be better if you let us know that you are coming.”
Chief secretary to the Bishop of St. Asaph, he could not work out why people were making fun of him just because he was a vile, unpleasant, detestable, loathsome, irritating, foul sub-human. Sherlock found that hassocks were the key to the communication network transmitting his misdeeds around the 'city' and used the same method to ensure that the rumour about his sleeping with the wife of the war-hero Colonel Trott reached that ex-soldier's ears. Then he provided said gentleman with directions about Mr. Anderson's attempted escape which, like his life, ended on the dockside at Liverpool.
“Aardvark.”
“When Ursula came and told me, I realized that it had happened with me first”, she said. “June the twenty-seventh. It was just after the earl had fully recovered. Tom came down to London for the weekend.”
Mr. Jukes was very thankful for all that I had done for him, and in gratitude he kindly loaned me a team kit with John's old number in it. I was therefore able to spend the whole journey back to London getting him in and out of it, such that we had to spend a night in the Station Hotel at Euston because neither of us was in a fit state to take a cab. What a wonderful sport rugby is!
“When is this play going to take place?” Sherlock asked.
“Not necessarily”, Sherlock pointed out. “His grandfather Tum-Tum was Albert, but chose his second name to reign as Edward the Seventh. The Duke of York could be Frederick the First, Arthur the First or even George the Sixth.”
Viking warriors keeping warm going to Greenland; it involved long oars
“Listen to this”, I said. “The Metropolitan Police Service are under attack today after it was revealed that three dangerous criminals escaped from gaol in the capital last week, yet the general public was not notified. The three are believed to be all part of the notorious Kensal Street Gang, whose shady leader is said to be an American called Elmer West.”
“Dear Mrs. Zeuson wrote to me from Suffolk”, I told him. “Apparently someone has been campaigning covertly against a friend of hers, a Doctor Anderson†, who wishes to become mayor of her home town. That someone, she has found out, is
Which was why he had to steady his breathing just moments before we met Mr. Derek Hale – and Mr. Scott McCall, late of His Majesty's Loyal Shropshire Regiment.
“Hawaii!” Mr. Magnum said, beginning to smile. “Girls in grass skirts. Wowee!”
He produced from his pocket the two bottles of chemicals I had brought back from the hospital the night before. He placed them on the table next to his chair.
His lover had my sympathies at once.
→1.14: Rose (1898-1961)
The rich owner of Hingston Hall. Rejected by Carantok Poldark who he had lusted after, he raped him, and was in turn murdered by Carantok's lover Mr. Isadora Persano and his godfather Doctor Frinton. This was the famous case in which part of the confusion involved the Portuguese being found sitting in front of a matchbox containing a worm unknown to science, which in reality was one of the toy ones found in Christmas crackers.
What made it even more so was that the fellow before us, Mr. Thomas Sullivan Magnum (the Fourth, apparently; so much for the Good Lord not repeating mistakes!) was stuck here until I could find a way to get rid of him. A tall, charming and handsome fellow in his thirties, he had most unwisely used his charms on the American deputy ambassador's wife.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The bastard smirked at my sudden and slightly increased breathing.
I looked up in surprise at my beloved John. He really should have known better than to start reciting poetry at me before my second cup of coffee of a morning.
“We are glad that he has someone so close”, I smiled, clearly understanding what he meant. The fellow was about the same height as his lover but in mass he made almost two of the fellow, and even though he had little in the way of looks he had a good heart as had been shown by the way in which he and his team-mates had rallied round to protect a colleague however 'rum' they had thought his actions. “Mr. Jukes said that the matter was quite urgent, so we came here immediately.”
Born in 1900, the third son of Lord Harry III. When his eldest brother Lord Tobias Hawke III died in 1950, the intermediate brother Trelawney resigned his claim as he was living with Mr. Tantalus Holmes, so it was Harry who inherited. Dour but determined, he did well for the estate and in 1969 his good works both in the county and for the government in the House of Lords were recognized when he was elevated to a barony.
I was also concerned for my own grandsons Tobias and Trelawney, now twenty-two years of age. As both heir to a large estate and someone who had just married Toby was mercifully excluded, and his father's reputation for fairness and honesty stood him in good stead in Wiltshire. But Trelawney was another problem entirely; my nephew Tantalus (in between moaning that the young nobleman was trying to kill him through sex and, for some reason, he understood how John felt (?) was I knew terrified of guns yet determined to still do his bit. As well as his administrative job (at which he proved excellent, as it turned out) I owed my friend 'Ginger' a great debt for his excellent suggestion as to how to sort matters, and several of his agents paid surreptitious visits to the Bourne Valley which were 'somehow' noticed by the locals and caused all sorts of rumours as to what important role that Mr. Trevelyan and/or his brother was secretly undertaking for the War Effort.
Oh yes, one of our Montague Street Cases. Back in – gulp! – 1876! Nearly three decades ago!
He stopped noticing our surprised expressions.
I blamed John for making me think like that.
at home, so Mother and Muriel agreed that he should translate their entire combined works”, he grinned. “In a choice between facing a horde of raging Slavs and two lots of literary 'masterpieces', there was only ever going to be one winner!”
We both stared at him in surprise.
“I do not know how your fellow team-mates might take this news”, I said, suppressing a smile at his discomfort, “which is why I would counsel secrecy for the moment. Your new coach, the previous fellow's deputy, is much more open-minded but I will leave you my card if there are any difficulties. I have also had a message sent to your Mr. William Nye advising him not to come to the ground any more.”
I picked up a large folder of papers and placed them on the table.
The Adventure Of The Shaven Swimmer
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“So it is her behaviour that is causing you concern?” Sherlock asked.
Mr. Troilus arrived at the house!”
This was another of the small number of cases involving family members, and one which I think in the fullness of time may be able to be released to the British public. One can only hope that by the time it is, the bigotry shown by the perpetrators and the malice shown by the 'proper authorities' are things of the past. I can but hope.
Well, we did not exactly
“Reality conforming to the pressure of expectations”, my brother explained. “This is the special entrance; we have a second for most people and a third with a special trap-door for those we want to make suffer by showing them what they could have got had they been a better person before they take the long drop to the nether regions.”
“I need you to break up a marriage. Of someone you know.”
Out On Another Limb
“Lieutenant Anderson may be annoyed at what we have discovered but I hope that I can make him see that it is all for the best”, he said. “I fear however that it will not be easy. He has acted in what he sees as just cause, with some reason in his case, so it may be hard to persuade him otherwise.”
“Not yet Your Grace”, Sherlock said amiably, “though I am here in a somewhat unusual capacity.”
This decade started well enough with my nephew Jack's second marriage yielding a son whom they named Dane after Antonia's father Mr. Dean Belvedere. It was also a time when things were being seen in a new light, although some things stayed stubbornly the same. Including, worse luck, the not-smirk from the blue-eyed genius next to me who was not getting laid any time soon.
Sherlock sniggered and I tried to control a smirk of my own; we both heard Nick's guffaw as he made his escape. Our visitor had a point I supposed, but when Sherlock had come into the study wearing both the Waistcoat and Glasses – well, what with the happy news from that morning and him looking like sex personified, what else was a fellow to do? And the headmaster had been laughing as he had banned us although his secretary had looked scandalized (not enough to prevent her simpering at someone who was old enough to be her grandfather and who was not me, I had noted sourly).
“The captain?” he demanded. “A traitor?”
“John?”
“This is not about that awful woman who went to see him, is it?” he asked. “Because if it is.....”
, John!”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Mr. Leeds is the son of a former acquaintance of John's, a Mrs. Elizabeth Leeds”, Sherlock said calmly. “We happened across them in a case back in 1889 when the lady's husband was wrongly suspected of trying to drive his grandfather mad. John also knew the young gentleman's father out in Egypt.”
It featured pirates and a sex-mad octopus
The Adventure Of Darnley's Ghost
She narrowed her eyes at him, which was a bad mistake on her part. Sherlock could out-stare a python. She blinked.
She really was terrible! And I did not break John.
The fellow looked understandably nervous but after exchanging a few words with his employee he guided us out to a small office in the back. Once we were all seated Sherlock began.
“She was the
The Adventure Of Burghley House
by Lady Aelfrida Holmes
“You have my sympathies”, the lieutenant said. “I was most alarmed by her forthrightness and I admit that I did lie to her about his passing, if only to get her to go away. Far, far away! But this Miss Woodhouse – you must correct her at once.”
“As part of my inquiries, I naturally had to check some details about
Still in his own spotlight Mr. Cumberbatch suddenly stepped forward and pointed the gun that he was still holding straight at the royal box. There were several gasps from the audience but no-one had the time to stop him. He squeezed the trigger..... and an explosion of red, white and blue paper erupted from the barrel!
Normally I would not have been inclined to help such a fellow had there not been two other factors in play. First the whole sorry mess had drawn in my unpleasant brother Randall, who was clearly chafing at the tight grip that Muriel now exerted on his life and was eager for some payback by getting his hands on this fellow and dragging him off to Grosvenor Square, where he would most likely be chopped up and sent back across the wide blue waters in a number of diplomatic bags. Second, the other fellow who was in the room with us, Captain Jonathan Higgins, was a close friend of Major Sholto under whom John had served under during his stint in Egypt three decades back. The captain had been appointed by the British government to keep an eye on Mr. Magnum during his stay as he had been sent over on a matter of business that was important in some way (clearly someone Over There had distrusted the fellow, rightly so as things had turned out), hence he was as eager as anyone to sort this whole thing out. Although from the way that he was looking across at the American, perhaps if I slipped the two of them out the back door an 'accident' might happen.....
He led us inside. The building had evidently been converted into lodgings like our own 221B; I saw a gentleman in pyjamas and a dressing-gown come out of a kitchen at the far end of the corridor too half-asleep to even notice us, and slouch into what was presumably his room. Mr. West led us through a door on the left into what was very obviously a gentleman's room and bade us sit down.
I looked pointedly at him. He just looked confused.
I heard Kent bid us farewell (and me good luck, the bastard!) before driving off in the garage's vehicle, and Sherlock guided me to somewhere in front of the front door. I smiled as I remembered coming here just after we had arrived here the first time and the two of us rolling naked down the slope together. That field was a lot bumpier than it had looked!
“Probably happier where he is now, sir!” the policeman smirked.
“I take it from your expression that what you know of him is not good?” I said. He nodded.
The Adventure Of The Solitary Cyclist
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Let me tell you a little story, Mrs. Start”, he said. “It concerns a landlady who, to her grave misfortune, acquires a most
The Adventure Of The Last Rebel
“What could possibly happen in here?” I yawned. “We are safe from the whole world.”
The Adventure Of Sweet Dreams
“Because of the physical nature of the sport and the risk that it might devolve into just a brawl, there are unwritten rules about what players can and cannot do to each other”, he explained. “For the Alnwick players to have broken those rules, something serious had to have happened.”
“You”, he grumbled, “have a lot...... to answer for!”
“Herry, something terrible is about to happen!”
The Adventure Of The Naval Treaty
The adventures of well-endowed Texan molly-man Mr. Ewing
“Sherlock!” I hissed.
by Mr. Fairdale Hobbs, Esquire
The tall fellow thought that one through. As I have said, despite his appearance he was really a clever man.
“It seems a bit unlikely”, the sergeant agreed. “Where was he hiding exactly?”
“Remember what I also told you?” he asked.
“Still seems a bit rum”, Mr. William Forthright said. “Wait a bit – is this why Coach left?”
“Who was the young fellow that you were talking to?” I asked.
She was the wife of Mr. Ceawlin Musgrave whose steward he was; they were also cousins and had been conducting an affair. Sherlock prompted Mr. Sweeney into an attempt at murdering his employer which, when it failed, led to his joining his already absent accomplice and fleeing with her husband's bonds – unfortunately for them across the recently-opened Tay Railway Bridge on the very night that it collapsed!
“Not with each other?” I asked.
He looked at me curiously.
The Adventure Of The Retired Colourman
“Nothing?” I asked, surprised. He nodded.
“That makes sense”, I said as we walked away from the big house. “What do you think of the case so far?”
Relatively Speaking
“No you are not, John”, he said showing that freaky and not at all endearing mind-reading ability of his. “Get a move on old fellow!”
The Adventure Of The Dancing Men
“Friday as in two days away?” Sherlock asked dryly.
“Very sorry”, he said looking a little abashed. “But my dear mama has told me so much about you, and it is wonderful to meet you at last!”
The ability to leave him spluttering as I walked away. Still as enjoyable as ever!
“This is Constable McLean”, the vicar said, gesturing to a rotund middle-aged policeman. “Jacob, this is Mr. Sherlock Holmes and Doctor John Watson. From London!”
I was stressed after Mr. Guilford Holmes's visit, so much so that for once I did not notice that Sherlock was not by my side. When I came to that realization, there was a brief moment of panic before I heard the bath running. An odd time for a soak in the middle of the day I thought, and stuck my head round the door to ask him why.
“I understand that when this railway company clips their passengers' tickets they do so with a code”, Sherlock said. “I have a ticket with '17A' on it. Can you tell me what those numbers mean, please?”
The Blériot XI‡ looked pathetically fragile, as if a gust of wind might reduce it to the pile of matchwood that it had seemingly been created out of. Barely eight yards long with a similar length wingspan, it was an odd thought that the express railway locomotives of today could still go twice its top speed of less than fifty miles per hour. Although of course the plane did have certain advantages, and I wondered just how long it would be before they were soaring round the world and changing Mankind much as the railway had done at its advent.
'Dai Hard' With A Vengeance
“What?” I asked. He gestured to the book that I had been reading.
“The good doctor was fated to die shortly after Vic”, he explained, “and you would have outlived him by nearly six years. So Heaven 'averaged things out' in order that you could leave this world together. Talking of which....”
I leaned back into him.
“Mr. Leeds explained to me that they had just overcome one of the major obstacles in making the design feasible for mass production”, he said. “Only one, and they had several more to go, but it would make any test vehicle considerably more efficient. He is remarkably adept at what I would call putting mechanics into plain English; he said that once they can get a few vehicles out onto the roads and used by those rich enough to afford them, then there will be what he called a 'domino effect' as the cars get better and cheaper so people lower down the social scale can afford them, which.... you see how it should go.”
“You might consider the legal situation back then”, Sherlock said in a tone of mild reproof. “Legally John could have upset your young life by demanding access to you as his blood son, but that would have been wrong on so many levels. Also our lives have always been somewhat irregular, and back then we were facing one particularly vile opponent who would have thought nothing about murdering you to get at me.”
Benji unfurls his huge cock so as to not lose his way through a maze
It was still not a strut, by the way.
There was a brief lighter moment when, as part of an effort to boost morale, the King-Emperor gave out was a number of awards for those assisting the war effort at home and this included my love's grandson Trelawney. With conscription now a thing to replace the terrible loss of young life in the trenches, this at least quieted those few who moaned about some people not doing their share (and quite a few of the moaners were too busy moaning to do their own share, I noted).
“There was an outbreak of disease in the capital which had Cal worried”, our guest continued, “as he knew that outsiders like me were more susceptible to it. Luckily it also meant that traditionally the sheikh was expected to suspend his, ahem, activities while dealing with it, so I took the chance to come home for a while. I went to see my parents in Norfolk first; their new house in Caister is quite spectacular with its views. Blaze was looking particularly happy and sends his regards; he managed a whole two sentences at one point.”
“Mother's birthday is the week after next”, I said. “Why do you ask?”
Yes it
“The sergeant claimed he was with Mr. Patterson at the time, sir”, he said glumly. “And he backed him up.”
John prowled delightedly round the Charger. The gates had opened and we got into the car as the gates creaked open.
“Shut up!” he grumbled.
“Politics”, he sighed. “A dirty game everywhere in the world.”
“He does not seem to have aged enough considering he is barely a few years younger than us”, I groused. “I know damn well what he wants when I see that look on his face.”
Seriously, how the blazes could I get an erection in this wind?
“The attack happened just before half-past four on Thursday, the eleventh”, he said. “Two passers-by who came to help both heard the nearby church clock striking the half-hour. But Mr. Patterson swears blind that the sergeant was with him between four and just before five.”
1904. Farewell to Baker Street, as the dynamic duo quit London for their cottage on the Downs. And all that sex!
“Partly”, the sergeant-major admitted. “His mother had been ill for the past year and he was often visiting her, although as I am sure you can imagine he had to time his visits to when his bully of a father was not there.”
He smiled.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Maybe not, I thought. Incredibly this case would need even more careful handling than I had first thought.
My nephew looked at him gratefully.
The Adventure Of The Second Stain
The bane of Sherlock's existence finally went to Europe to try to stop the Great War. He ended his life in the Greco-Turkish Wars by getting into bed with the Greeks a little too literally, and was shot somewhere low and painful by an irate Macedonian soldier who had returned unexpectedly to find him 'debriefing' his daughter.
“What is to be done now?” I fretted. “Poor Mother, this will be dreadful for her.”
“You have a solution?” the sergeant asked.
“A mess of the government's own making”, Sherlock said unsympathetically as he poured our visitor a beer. “At least they finally seem to be getting the war right; I would not give the Germans more than a few months now after they threw everything at us in the spring and failed to break us.”
“That is not a problem”, Sherlock reassured him. “I can arrange through Mr. Tudor at Swordland's to have someone presentably Christian to step in and offer the full amount for an instant sale.”
“Not really”, our visitor admitted, “even though he says that if I do then he will 'bump' me to Commander early, which would boost my pension a lot. The problem is my boy Odin – I should not call him that now he is into his twenties – who will be going up for promotion to sergeant when a vacancy arises at that level in a few months' time. If he succeeds you know full well what everyone will say.”
“So you knew that he would come to us next”, I said.
'Up' being the key word in that sentence, I thought wryly. Mr. West's family had unhappily been split over the recent war with two of his brothers not approving of Italy's decision to join the Allies and decamping to Austria, plus there had been some question over his own status here when his mother and father had decided to move to Venice once the war had been over, but Sherlock had settled all that for him.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
1922. Sherlock achieves fame on the tracks, and the family situation continues to look up for John.
“Upon entering the train heading back the way that she has just come, the apparently leonine young gentleman goes to the toilets and changes back into Miss Alexandra Ockham. Her disguise is abandoned somewhere along the line once the train is clear of the station; I do not think that she would have wished to wait for long so it may well be possible to find it.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
→→1.16.1: Nick (1927-2006), lover of Sherlock Watson, John's great-grandson; they lived in 'Elementary'.
We both stared at him, waiting to see how long it would take for him to get it. Of course he did not.
“It is the middle name of Mr. Kuznetsov's son Boris”, he explained. “He was named after some friend of his father, and I asked about it when I tended to him one time. The name Bassett-Evans is unfamiliar which suggests that he is likely a newcomer to Belford; possibly it is an Anglicized version of a foreign name. I likely know the other men whose names he mentions though; the Forthrights have lived in Bamburgh since forever and if they are in the rugby team then they must be nephews or possibly even great-nephews of old Jebediah Forthright. He was one of those miserable old fellows who seemed to actually enjoy being miserable; I can only hope that his kin are very different.”
How the Trojan War was really settled by fifty handsome men from each side
The huge fellow blushed fiercely.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Sir!” Mr. Hall said, smiling what was very obviously a false smile. “This is an unexpected pleasure.”
Murder At The Crossroads
→1.19: Jane (1902-1962)
“We need about a week”, Mr. Holmes said thoughtfully. “Is there any familial event coming up any time soon?”
“Because he had not yet appeared in the obituary pages!” Sherlock grinned. “Mother has decided that she is in favour of women having the vote, which of course means that Father will be too. Shall we start our picnic?”
An utterly reprehensible scoundrel who having been discharged from the Army with an injury was another great-nephew to Mrs. Anne Brown, and who charmed his way into her good books in her final days. She rewrote her will to leave the bulk of her estate to him, but Mr. John MacDougall and her companion Mr. Jack Tranter managed to prevent it (Fountain-Pen Case, 1879). Having failed to get his money he chanced his arm once too often, and was shot dead trying to escape from a lady's bedroom.
“If we make it!” he fretted.
I exchanged a smirk with Jack and just thought of both that delicious cake and, more importantly, the Charger's back seat....
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The Adventure Of The Sanguine Samurai
Although sadly not including the one which prevented Sherlock from giving me a warning look when I thought but did not say things like that!
I looked pointedly at him. He blushed.
Born in 1720, the son of the rakish Lord Paul Hawke so grandson to his predecessor. Because of his father's untimely death he acceded at the age of eleven but his uncle Trelawney successfully steered the estate through to his majority. Harry was like his grandfather spectacularly dull – it was said that he could suck the joy out of a room merely by entering it – although he did expand the family fortune and kept clear of politics despite having a wife and family who did not.
“I had planned to come back via the main line through Norwich”, he said, “but that was blocked so I went via Great Yarmouth and took the slow train down to Ipswich. Except I was delayed because we were held at one station for an inordinate amount of time, long enough for us all to get out and stretch our legs. When I finally made it to Ipswich I found that someone had somehow managed to place a folded piece of paper in my jacket pocket; I know that it had not been there when I had boarded the train at Great Yarmouth. Nothing had been taken which was also odd; I had several coins in there. The paper read 'save a second Hawke from crashing'.”
“I have only met him the one time, many years ago”, Sherlock said, “although coming to this area today I fully expect that situation to be remedied very soon. To answer your other question, although this is very obviously your room there are signs that another gentleman is a frequent visitor. Also that the couch is a favoured place of you both.”
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
After all these years, I really should have known better.
“The gentleman in the picture is one Mr. Ennis O'Callahan, also an Irishman”, I went on, determined to not let him speak any more than was necessary. “He hales from the same town as Mr. McCullough so I suppose that they may be distant cousins of some sort, but only Mr. O'Callahan has the distinctive pattern of three moles in a line across his brazenly-displayed thigh. I saw Private McCullough and he was prepared to strip for me; he has no such marks. Mr. O'Callahan is, you should also know, distantly related to the Earl of Cavan who, I am sure I do not need to remind you, is renowned for his litigious ways. Had you accused even a distant relative of his, you would most certainly have found yourself in an expensive court case.”
to you later!”
the shooting, so where was he coming from? Unless the brother was lying?”
Born in 1750, he was the fifth son of Harry and Anne Hawke, but all his four elder brothers died young. A skilled operator and rather more charismatic than his father, he increased the family fortune still further. Unfortunately his eldest son Stephen died at the Battle of Waterloo and, even more unfortunately, his second son Harry did not.
“You must visit Lion when he is there and tell him that Father is planning a surprise party for her on that day”, Mr. Holmes said. “Something soppy and romantic because he knows how much she likes that sort of thing, even if he would no doubt consider it a threat to his manliness.”
“I do”, he smiled. “It is in that writing-desk; the second drawer down on the left. I would be grateful if you could fetch it sir; I am quite comfortable here with my Jumbo!”
“I should also like to see the play beforehand”, Sherlock said. “Are there any viewings before the royal performance?”
A sex potions that strikes the men who take it at the worst possible times
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“That witch!” he snorted. “She has grandpapa wrapped around her little finger, especially as he doted on my poor uncle. I would do anything to expose her for the liar she really is.”
“The maid's position came into play once his uncle felt threatened enough to confront his father about the lady”, I went on. “Your grandson knew full well that such a thing would happen; indeed I am sure that he encouraged his uncle to do it. Mr. Troilus listened to his fears and determined to go to your house in order to 'put you to rights'. The maid was waiting for just such a development and as per the plan showed her character's 'psychic powers', thus reinforcing her credentials. She was also careful to not ask for any money up to that point, because after the major rupture between you and your son, you would most likely insist on such a move just to spite him.”
The Adventure Of King Athelstan
“On Saturday her hired ruffians do their work and place Mr. Leeds drugged and asleep in the place that she asked. They then guard him to make sure that he does not wake too soon. It is imperative that he is out cold while Miss Ockham puts the next stage of her plan into action.”
“Yes”, Mrs. Malone said. “How did you know that?”
“How did you know that?” he asked. “There was only us the five of us there; I was not even allowed to have my Jumbo!”
1912. Few things are free in this world – so why should a fellow turn down something that is?
“I do not understand”, she said, looking bored.
“Calm yourself, doctor”, he said. “Constable McLean has arranged for a sergeant to come up from the town police-station and he will be calling in half an hour to take us rather than wait for the first train of the day. We just have time for breakfast.”
Ten months to go.
“I did”, she said. “Elizabeth was terrified when I suggested it but I believe in doing things, not daydreaming about them. Deeds not words, as they say in the newspaper. He told me that the man had been a fellow lieutenant who had died of an illness two months ago, not long after the picture was taken.”
He looked overjoyed at that, then his face fell.
“Thank you, Bill, for those kind words about my wonderful father who as we all know is indeed well-loved across the Service. Indeed, he is well-loved at home –
“I do love technology”, he said, “and now we have the music to go with my seduction.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
We stopped at Wellington Barracks again on the way back to tell Sergeant-Major Jones what we had done and intended to do, and promised to keep him informed until matters were finally resolved. We also saw and reassured an anxious Private McCullough. I felt once again that those in the lower reaches of our armed forces were in some ways far better human beings that those in the upper ones.
Explaining this whole saga to Lord Harry and his two elder sons was painful, but it had to be done. The nobleman sighed when I was done and looked hard at me.
Unfortunately the law could not be passed before Europe's luck finally ran out. The war we had dodged twice thus far suddenly loomed large and would bring us our final case, three years after the last one – but not before the growing crisis over Sherlock's grandson Trelawney's crumbling marriage took a most unexpected turn after his wife gave birth to a daughter Joanna that, my love told me, was most certainly not that of its supposed father. Sherlock was I knew weighing up what to over this when on top of the growing political crisis we both had to head off to Wiltshire.
When I reached the hospital (I had obviously had to eat the muffins to save carrying them around), I was surprised to find a second sample had been sent there for me to test which I assumed must have been Sherlock's other chemical. Naturally I shall not disclose the names of the substances in question save to say that Sherlock was (as ever) correct in his assumption. I would have wondered as to how he had obtained the second sample but I knew better. Ignorance was bliss with some of the things that my man got up to. Many of them come to that.
Like out mother now lying there in her final rest, Ben had never been easy with what was known in the family as The Arrangement, which basically involved my godfather fucking my father for money. I nodded, and we both watched as our brother Joe led our blubbering father away. After all those formal events – twenty christenings and that was before one started counting the grand-children and great-grand-children –  I might have thought he would have gotten over his terror of such things by now, but he was as bad as ever.
The third thing was the attempt by Irish nationalists to stab our Nation in the back with their Easter Rising. Incredibly some of them approached Lady Holmes for assistance but luckily for them there was a hospital nearby (it was quite wrong of Sherlock to frown at me when I had suggested that she could have been even more cruel by making them listen to some of her dreadful stories). Talking of which Sherlock, who could be cruel when the urge came upon him, had received a telegram from his brother Randall boasting about how now he was on the Continent he no longer had to read any of their mother's dreadful stories – so my love arranged with his parent for them to be specially couriered to the pest, with demands for full reviews once he had suff.... read them.
“Then, and only then, it becomes highly infectious”, Sherlock said. “In terms of fatalities it is not far behind the terrible Black Death. Fortunately it only tends to spread to others once that period is elapsed.” He looked around the office before adding ominously,
“A horrible fellow, Mr. Patterson”, he said. “Poor Peter had to call on him for a check-up one time when he was covering for the fellow's usual doctor, and he made him wait because he was in the middle of breakfast.”
Our meeting-place with the sheikh was very different from last time. This was his Throne Room, where the monarch was elevated several feet above everyone else and dressed in his traditional Arbirian robes complete with a very sharp-looking scimitar at his belt. He greeted us as pleasantly as before however, and we were guided to behind an ornate wooden screen from where we could watch what was about to unfold. There were chairs, a table and even a plate with coffee, barley-sugars and, for some reason, several slices of chocolate cake that made 'someone' actually whine (manfully, of course).
to pass on messages from your late Uncle Aeneas.”
“Can you find a pretext to take him somewhere away from Brunton for the day, to Marlborough maybe?” I asked.
The year started with one of those strange coincidences, when we both received wedding invitations for both of us to attend different weddings on the same day. John's son Ivan was getting married to a lady that he had been courting for at least a year while my grandson Trelawney Hawke was also tying the knot with, unfortunately in his case with one Miss Samantha Bexley. Naturally I had had our friend Mr. Edward 'Ginger' Tudor check out both ladies and while Miss Gower was a charming creature, Miss Bexley was …. regrettably still breathing.
“King Albert the First”, I mused. “Queen Victoria would have been delighted.”
→→→→→1.1.1.2.3: Shere Holmes (1986-) = St. John Watson, great-great-great-grandson of John Watson
Just over six hours later we were sat in a small London hotel facing two of the least pleasant people it has ever been my displeasure to have to breathe the same air as (this would be another meeting that would require a long, hot bath afterwards). Mrs. Samantha Hawke was a blonde female of some twenty-six years of age, whose permanent sneer had wrecked what little beauty she may once have possessed. Mr. May may have been a decade older and with less make-up (although incredibly he did have a large gold-ear-ring!) but he was pretty much a male version of the same. They stared at the copies of the photographs I had shown them in stony silence.
“Wait a minute”, the constable said. “Mr. Creighton left yesterday. I told you, Mr. Parker saw him off.”
The younger man glared at him. It would have taken a detective of close to zero ability to have worked out that these two had one of those love-hate relationships which had not gotten round to the love part yet, and most certainly never would. Perhaps if John and I looked out of the window for a time....
The Adventure Of The Hawke Inheritance
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“I could have sworn that I heard something that sounded like someone crying from inside the place”, the vicar went on, looking pointedly at me. “But I must have been mistaken.”
“He looks a fine young man”, I offered.
“Love the view when you bend over in those panties!” John called from behind me.
“Would you?” I asked. “Then perhaps I may be of service to you, sir.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
He pouted in a way that had me more than half-minded to drag him into the waiting-room and have my way with him. Unfortunately our quarry was expected any minute. Life was unfair like that.
“This has been a shock to you”, he said quietly, pausing to turn off the taps. The room smelled of honeyed bath salts and I took advantage of his pause to run my nose all over his chest and under his arms taking in the glorious scent of my mate. Whatever this case threw at me – and my son – I knew that in here I was safe.
The Adventure Of The Classy Writer
“You wish for me to find him?” I asked.
“I shall have to wire Father and get him to check my room”, he said. “Those jumpers are wonderfully warm and I do not want to be without even one of them with winter coming.”
“I went to that organization you once told me about in London, Swordland's”, he said. “Mr. Tudor there was very helpful and told me that it most likely referred to the Hawke family who the doctor mentioned in some of his stories. I had a bad feeling about this and I read in the 'Times' that one of the family was in London so I decided to go and see him. That was Trey.”
of the front door. Which is where he placed his real wealth.”
Eight months to go.
We also had the bonus that Sherlock's purchase of the land meant that the harridan could now afford to join the rest of her family by the sea now, for which I was sure they would be truly grateful (I know everyone in the village certainly was; Mr. Torrin threw a huge party once she had left). Yes, my man was a sneaky bastard.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“My ever-watchful twin saw it coming, as per usual, and warned me to get out in time”, he said. “I passed the warning on to Carl, Luke, Guilford and Anna, but Mycroft…. he chose to ignore it.”
I managed to summon the energy to lay a hand on his bare leg and he looked down at me.
I took a deep breath. I was seriously in danger of saying something that I would not have regretted in the slightest when I realized that he was staring past us. Following his gaze I turned and saw that Dane had emerged from the cottage, blinking sleepily and looking as ruffled as a certain blue-eyed someone did of a morning.
“Of course”, Sherlock smiled. “It would be my pleasure.”
for you tonight!”
Lady Bradstock looked at Miss Kelley who took out a small notebook.
“And now I am expecting too”, Lady Bradstock, said with a smile, “although if you could not detect
The Return Of The Loan Arranger
The Adventure Of The Hammersmith Wonder
He looked at me in confusion.
“I see”, Sherlock said. “Pray continue.”
The Adventure Of The Priory School
“I would not have expected you to recognize me, sir”, the young fellow smiled, “as we have only met when I was but a boy.” His accent was Northern but not heavily so. “I bring greetings from both my grandfathers in Cumberland.”
Both men bowed their heads and left without a word. The earl turned to Sherlock.
“Because the doors between carriages on this line are always kept locked”, I said. “We had better make a run for it at the next stop, Great Portland Street. Thankfully that is just the other side of Regent's Park – I remember taking a walk there once – so it is not far.”
Mr. Jukes stared at me in shock.
“Oh Lord!” he groaned. “What have we gone and blundered into?”
“The worst news imaginable!” he burst out. “Simon Hurst has gone missing!”
A coin changed hands and we left.
“He cannot have been shot from the village”, I said reasonably. “They would certainly have heard it and have come to investigate. So he must have been facing away from the village for the shot to come from the other direction; I know that sound does not travel well in mist. But how?”
The broadsword that he was taking up again was not his only mighty weapon!
My love had far more society connections that I did, so I had felt particularly pleased when I had been able to use one of my own to help a friend. Even if it was the son of a friend. Even if the friend in question had leered at 'someone' during our last visit to London, something over which I had not been the least bit jealous.”
The Adventure Of Mr. Etherege's Mistake
1909. There is a new museum, a new shop, and a new conquest for Mankind. Sherlock and John are able to help out more of their friends, while at Westminster the political shenanigans continue as ever (see piscine creatures defecating in a marine environment).
The Adventure Of The Missing Three-Quarter
“We have already secured the ones to each side.”
He discovered his cashiered father's body on the boat back to England after the latter had committed suicide, and very publicly swore revenge on the men responsible. He murdered Colonels Morris and Mallow, but not Colonel Fairfax who had written to him about his speaking in his father's defence at the court-martial. Stevens was framed when Constables Smith and Turlow killed Fairfax because they knew that capturing a killer would advance their careers. and went to the gallows protesting his innocence over that. Sherlock and John allowed him to die because of his guilt in the other murders where the cases against him were unprovable.
I sighed. The Continent was one huge mess and seemed set to stay as much. Foreigners!
He winced. He saw my point. This really was another Judgement of Paris.
“They will have thought of that”, I said. “I remember reading one of Doctor Watson's stories where someone had people in place to stop telegrams reaching their quarry. No, we shall have to go in person.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“You are terrible, the pair of you!” Ivan sighed. “Anne and I shall want extra babysitting sessions for this!”
He came up behind me, as always a source of warmth and comfort as he stood close.
Tea For Two
The Adventure Of The Bishopgate Jewel
“Can you secure us the box next to the royal one?” Sherlock asked.
“You... will be watching?” The man looked horrified (as he damn well should have been!).
1904. An officer of the law has some Bad Thoughts.
That, I could fully understand!
He stopped his ministrations and stared at me.
“You must understand, gentlemen”, he said, “that I have been a sergeant-major for nearly a decade. They keep wanting to promote me but I have seen the next level up and I hate it. I think that I am good at what I do and I enjoy doing it. Most times.”
It had not been all over by Christmas.
“Dammit, sir....”
“One moment”, I said, mentally adding this villain's hatred of my birth country to his long list of failings. “I will need rather more if I am to be of assistance. For one thing, who is this sergeant-major?”
The Adventure Of The Tousled Tyro
“There is something else about this case, sir”, I said. “And very curiously, something that you did not feel comfortable speaking about in front of your good friends back there, which means that it is something serious. Like the doctor I need
“Taking your older lover to some secret assignation?” I grinned. Then I saw the feral look on his face and my grin vanished as if it had never been. I had seen many terrifying sights in my time as a soldier, but that look beat them all.
are special!” John grinned.
He looked at me pointedly.
“He cannot get enough of it”, she said. “The local doctor has warned him about his weight, but when he accompanied his father down to Cornwall he brought back a ton of the dreadful stuff. I have insisted he purchase a rowing-machine from London and that he works out on it every day, much as he does not like it. He hides the stuff all around the house though – one of the estate workers even told me he had offered to pay her to keep a box in her cottage! – so preventing him from consuming it is nigh on impossible!”
(and likely to Mrs. LeStrade's relief, their last) child, a son who had been named Beaumont. The boy's father was seemingly bent on repopulating eastern Westmorland in person!
“I do not understand”, he said.
The eldest son of Carlyon Holmes. After a life of wasting opportunities he was shocked by his father refusing to help him join the Army simply because he was a complete waste of space. He embarked on a life of crime and was even more shocked when he was disowned by his father. He died of a drugs overdose – 'coincidentally' just before he was due to meet one of the Moriartys.
“She passed last year”, I said. “They had a son, George, but he died when he was five. Scarlet fever.”
Our first Christmas in the cottage was memorable as I possibly went a little overboard in my decorating (all right I went mad!). Although I was sure that neither Mrs. Malone nor Mrs. Rockland would have cared just how many decorations we had put up in our rooms there had always been a slight restraint knowing that at the end of the day 221B was someone else's house, no matter how much it felt like ours. Now I was free to decorate everything and anything, and I duly did. The vicar, round for a visit one day, remarked that it looked like Christmas had exploded inside the place, but Sherlock loved it and I shall always cherish the memory of my love wearing the Santa hat with the little bell on it.
“Is there nor an issue with their skin colour?” I wondered.
bank-account”, Sherlock said coldly. “Not your joint one. Yours.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
grateful!”
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
He would later claim that it was a
well by now!
“You just missed him when you went out to treat Stewie and Ned”, I said.
“Who is this Mrs. Bollinger?” I asked, dragging myself away from some less than happy thoughts.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“The people of Mousehole wish the bus service to be extended to them?” I asked. To my surprise he shook his head.
“Look John”, he said, sounding desperate, “I think I know what this thing is that the boys have got, and if I am right it is at least treatable. But if I go blundering in there and tell poor Harry then all hell is going to break loose for everyone –
“You’d be the gentlemen from London”, he said slowly. “You’d best come in.”
“He has friends on the panel that decides such things, sir”, Ginger said ruefully. “We all knew that Fred Carter is stepping down as his wife inherited that house in Wales and they're moving there, but they are planning to delay the change in the rules so that that scum can apply.”
“You can trust me, Sherlock”, his brother said coaxingly. “I am having to leave Danny behind. I know how difficult it is.”
by General Carlyon Holmes
'FAMILY'.
“What else have you gathered from those social pages that you only ever very rarely glance at in passing?” I inquired. “When of course you have the time and if you just happen to be in the vicinity of a newspaper open at that particular set of pages.”
“Poor Bronn”, Mr. Dayne smiled as Mr. Blackwater snuggled into Mr. Lannister's broad chest. “Jaime's and my heats started up again at the start of this year; much shorter than before but even more intense. We managed at first, but then I had a really bad bout of winter flu and it somehow affected my, er, timing.”
The Adventure Of The Boys' Camp
On a totally unrelated matter, Sherlock later bought me three whole bars of that lovely new Fruit & Nut chocolate all for myself. Because one simply
1903. Shock horror, as Sherlock is separated from John – but thankfully only for a few days. Of course the detective has to go and have a case in that short time, then races against the clock to sort matters out so he can go North to join his beloved.
Born in 1668, he was the second of five son of Jane and King Charles the Second. A dull, ponderous fellow, his succession was unexpected as his elder brother Charles had converted to Roman Catholicism and had then fled with James the Second during the Glorious Revolution just one week before his mother's passing. Stephen was at least able to steer the family through the turbulent times around the end of the seventeenth century if only by being too much of a dolt to get involved. His eldest son and heir Paul was a complete rake but predeceased him, dying in a hunting-accident in 1722.
The Adventure Of Woodman's Lea
The Adventure Of The Riviera Robbery
“You want to have sex with me!” I challenged.
“So seduce me!” I grinned.
The Adventure Of The Surprising Strongbow
good, myself apart of course.
Their silence spoke volumes. Both hung their heads.
The Adventure Of The Assassin's Niece
“Go on ahead”, he smiled (I
It had been a frantic start to the year, with a horrible influenza epidemic that March that was claiming up to a thousand lives a day at its peak. The worst effects were of course in London but even in Sussex we had a few cases, and I went round more of the local villages than usual to ease the load on the other doctors.
“We never did anything to your wives!” Mr. Daniel Baddesley said hotly.
"All the way around the world from where he was conceived, and he ends up just steps away from my old house", John smiled. "It really is becoming a very small world."
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
In the end John went to his son's wedding and thankfully it was not as bad an ordeal as he had feared. But he still resented having yet not having a son, and there was nothing that even I could do about that.
Six months to go.
Codebreakers promised sex if they can crack a seemingly unbreakable code
“What has happened?” I asked anxiously. This was a novel sort of reaction to a parental visit and I did not like anything novel, especially with our personal heaven so close now.
“Not just her”, Mrs. Malone said. “Some of her other guests were a bit off as well. Then last week poor Mr. Spencer went and fell off the pier!”
By dinner-time John was up if dressed only in his dressing-gown and pyjamas. He glared at me when I gestured to the cushion that I had so considerately placed on his chair, then scowled at me when I threatened to remove it. It took him nearly a minute to get himself down while uttering what he later claimed were manly expressions of surprise, and I got only a mildly appreciative look when I plated a meal up for him.
“What do you do in London?” Sherlock asked.
I was confused but dutifully sniffed it.
Two years before the events I am about to describe took place, there was a milestone in human achievement which, while estimable in itself, shook our Nation greatly. Frenchman Louis Blériot made the first powered flight across the English Channel, and the 'Times' put it well when they remarked that England was no longer an island, and that for Britannia's safety she would in future have to rule the skies as well as the waves. Early aeroplanes were flimsy things and accidents were commonplace, but one only had to look at the contrast between the likes of Stephenson's 'Rocket', bowling along the tracks at a top speed of thirty miles an hour with a few open-topped 'coaches' against the express locomotives of less than a century later which could haul far heavier trains at over three times that speed. Better aeroplanes would surely come and soon – then what?
A pioneering Australian settler boosts the local population his own way
I had overplayed my hand. He looked across at me suspiciously.
“Even if you could not shoot straight and pouted too much!”
Our host nodded.
“It was nothing improper”, he said a little defensively. “Ruth does photography as a hobby and some of the boys agreed to pose for her. There are rules in the Army about making money elsewhere but we made it all fair and right by them; they all know that for all they call me a bastard behind my back I am a man of my word. I had no idea the damn things would be so popular that my friend down in London would get a gallery to take some. Now the general has gotten his teeth into it, nothing will let the blackguard let go.”
The look we got from both the Malones when we got back was somewhat less enjoyable.
“Go on”, I said warily.
“As you know I went to Arbir with Cal for the fourth time at the end of last year”, my nephew said sipping his coffee and still looking worried. “It still worked out very well; he had a lot of very satisfied wives, he and Elizabeth now have four sons of their own the eldest of whom, his namesake, will succeed him one day, and his other wives were all very happy with what they thought of as his, uh, performance. They called me something quite unpronounceable and Cal laughed when I told him because it actually meant 'he who waxes mightily'.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Well, yes, of course.....”
“Our brave young men are going to be marching off to war, soon”, I said sadly. “Some will never come back and others will return less than whole. The Continent will never be at peace until Germany is defeated.”
by Mr. Sherlock Holmes, Esquire
“Your great-grandson is coming over later”, I pointed out, still marvelling that I could say those words after all that we had both been through. “He does not need to be subjected to such things at his age!”
“A passable stick called Jones”, he said. “But he was shilly-shallying around on the frankly pathetic of excuse of getting a cast put on his broken leg, which is a damn poor show if you ask me.”
