Dean’s eyes crinkle with another of his perfect smiles. “An angel huh?” He lifts his gaze to meet Castiel’s and his eyes haze with that same slightly dazed expression as when he’d first looked in Castiel’s. “Your parents sure got that one right.”
“I don’t even know what he’s chasing. It’s like he’s out there hunting for someone to blame for the fire so he doesn’t have to blame himself for not being there.” Dean’s tone turns bitter. “But he never finds it, so he just drops the latest dead-end job he found, packs us up and runs away from his own guilt.”
Dean looks up at Sam properly for the first time since he pushed them into this whole hellhole of a conversation. Sam has to know, how can he possibly
Cas sags into Deans side as they stagger along. Trembling reverberates through his chest and for a long, groggy moment he thinks it’s him, until he blinks his eyes back open and sees the hand Dean has pressed into his ribs is shaking.
“Yes, everyone in my family has been born in this town for generations,” Cas replies. “I’ve never even left the state. It’s not very interesting I’m afraid.”
“Why didn’t you just tell us though?” She sags in her seat, matching Balthazar’s defeated pose. “it’s been two years, why didn’t you just
He hasn’t even told Cas about that. Cas must know, he’s been inside Dean’s head often enough to have seen every miserable millimetre of his history in close-up detail, but the idea of giving it voice makes Dean want to crawl out of his skin.
Cas pushes himself up so he’s kneeling on the mattress next to Dean. He leans forward, takes Dean’s face in his hands and pulls Dean inexorably round to look him in the eye.
“Sorry,” Dean says, but his smile widens unapologetically and Cas scowls, smacks him in the bicep with the shower gel. Mock wincing, Dean catches Cas by the wrist and takes the bottle from his hand.
Dean tangles his fingers in Cas’ t-shirt, hides his head under Cas’ chin. His nose presses into the line of Cas’ collarbone and he breathes deep on the soft, clean scent of him, on shower gel and laundry detergent and warm skin.
Snapping the lamp on, Castiel holds his arm out to the light and examines his wrist. Despite the deep ache in his bones, it looks completely normal, the skin unblemished. Unnerved, he flexes his arm cautiously. His arm moves freely and the pain stays the same. Even when he presses his fingertips into the sorest spot just under his thumb it remains nothing but a dull echo under his skin.
“Yes, that seems sensible, if that’s what you want.” He tries for a light tone to ease the tension across Dean’s shoulders, but Dean stays taut. At first Castiel can’t get a read on why, the nervousness he feels from Dean a nebulous fug thick enough to choke on. Then Castiel realises he’s still lingering by the door, so barely into the room itself that if he were Dean he’d be worried Cas was about to cut and run. So he walks deliberately further into the room, shuffling out of his coat and draping it carefully over the free chair back. He fiddles with it for a moment, smoothing an imaginary crease, before screwing his courage up and turning to look back at Dean with a smile.
“You’ve got the flu Cas, you’ve had it for a while.” Dean’s voice is even rougher than usual, eyes sunken, skin waxy and pale. He says the words so wearily, so like a mantra, that Cas wonders how often he’s asked that before in the last few days. He has no concept of time to centre himself with. His last memories are fuzzy, hazy things, nothing more than vague impressions of malaise and a growing conviction that he was dying. Here in the windowless bunker bathroom he might as well be in the empty for all that he can tell what day it is.
– and Meg is swept up in the warm normality that flows around the table in a comfortable, slow wave.
Dean keeps hold of Cas’ hand. He holds it close to his chest as he steps away, reeling Cas after him, keeps his eyes fixed on Cas’ so he can watch the fire build in Cas’ gaze as Dean pulls him gently towards their room.
Cas sighs in his sleep. His frown clears, but he keeps his tight hold on Dean, body canting forward and arms holding them so close Dean is almost entirely cocooned in Cas.
He bites his lip. What must they be thinking right now? Will they have worked out what happened, like Castiel did, or are they as scared and confused as he was right after the emotions faded? He hopes not. Closing his eyes, Castiel wraps his fingers around his wrist and soothes his thumb over the amulet on the back of his hand. Wherever they are,
Dean shudders, opens his eyes. Sam is watching him. His eyes are wide and wet, cheeks stained and red, but even so he’s smiling through the tremble in his lip.
And he fixes Dean with the look that will make Dean do literally anything he asks. So Dean takes it.
I have faith in anymore?” He detaches a hand from Dean’s hipbone and rests his palm against Dean’s cheek. His thumb presses gently into Dean’s lower lip while his fingers run tender lines across his temple. The light touch feels like a brand on his skin.
He pries his eyes open. For a second the light spears into his head and he flinches, whines against the flare of pain across his forehead. Then it dims to a bearable throb and he blinks, the world wavering into focus.
Sighing, he shoulders his bag and starts scuffing towards the back entrance to the main school building. Maybe if he takes the back corridor, he can make it to his locker without someone hassling him. That seems like the best he can hope for today.
“I stuck my head in both rooms,” Bal confides, breathless and grinning. “The smaller one’s barely got anything in it. Just some books on the nightstand, and the bed looks like it’s not been used.”
that had happened, heavy and horrifying, but too amorphous to really cut. The bleak specifics give it claws.
It’s so powerful Castiel can barely hold himself still. At the breakfast table he has to clench his hand around the table leg, the sharp edge of the wood digging into his palm to the brink of bearable pain, just to keep himself quiet in his seat. Escaping out onto the streets is a relief despite the breath stealing cold. Moving eases the pull in his chest, lets him feel less like he’s being stretched so far a single wrong touch could snap him.
Cas isn’t the only man he’s been attracted to, not by a long shot, even if he’s the only one he’s wanted for a long time now. But he just… he met Cas and fell so fast and so irrevocably it was like stepping off a bottomless cliff. The wind of freefall whipped away any resistance he ever tried to put up. He’s never thought about the
Dean has no idea who took it. Until he remembers Cas insisting on learning how to use the timer setting on his phone camera. For
Castiel loves the sound of it immediately. Even on this first hearing it’s profoundly familiar, the final melody to complete a symphony that’s been playing in his soul his whole life. He likes the play of it off his name too, Dean and Castiel together a harmony that fits comfortably on his tongue.
The guy gapes at him for moment, rebellion warring with fear in his eyes. Dean just watches him. Finally something snaps and the guy turns and runs. Dean watches him till he rounds a distant corner and is properly gone. He doesn’t
Cas is still shaking a little, so subtle Dean only knows it’s happening from the tiny reverberation against his own chest.
“Come on.” Cas shoves the first aid kit to the side and clambers to his feet. He hauls Dean up with him, lifting him carefully by the elbows, but Dean still hisses and closes his eyes as the movement stretches the stitches.
Dean sees the fight as soon as he rounds the corner. There’s a big man in scruffy jeans and a flannel yelling at two boys who are holding hands. Dean’s not close enough to hear everything the guy’s saying, but he does catch the word
Turning back towards Dean, Cas rises up on his knees until they’re face to face. He rests his palms lightly on Dean’s chest, fingertips brushing the buttons of his open flannel. One of his hands slides up to catch onto Dean’s collar and tug the tiniest bit to the side. Cas tips his head fractionally. The movement is so small it could be inconsequential, but Dean recognises the question in it. The careful
The more brushes he has with his soulmate’s heart, the more convinced he is that it’s no one in this school. He’d been doubtful even before his mark had activated – not one of his school peers had ever sat right with him – but now he’s certain. Whenever he looks at his mark, or opens up that internal connection between them, the more he feels an unmistakable pull. It’s a hook buried in between his ribs, tugging him inexorably towards his one person, and it doesn’t urge him towards anyone here.
“Well, I know you’re not from here or it wouldn’t have taken us so long to find each other.” Castiel tries to make it come out light despite how little he likes the brief brush of directionless longing he gets from Dean. He doesn’t know where that hurt’s coming from, but he already wants to soothe it away. “What’s your story, Dean?”
that he ever did any of it, was to keep Sam safe, to make sure Sam could be happy. Sam was never meant to get hurt. And this
Oh. Interesting. Despite that slight unsettled hint in its tone, Meg can’t help but feel a little pleased at his answer. But still. She wouldn’t be her if she didn’t push.
Wrapped up in his worries and studies, Castiel barely registers the slow turn of the year until the evenings are long and dark, the houses sparkling with frosted dew in the mornings. Christmas vacation isn’t much of a change for him – he just transfers his studies from the school library to the public one – and even the day itself is quiet. To his relief Michael doesn’t come home for the season, so the most he has to contend with is a small dinner with Naomi and an additional few church trips.
Kudos and Comment pls. Leave series review and/or a suggestion below! I do have 20 or so fics planned out to write, but if you do get have a suggestion and I will eventually get to it. Also, they will be gifted to you. <3
“Dean, just pick a car. So we can go. Why are we even here we got one at the airport”, Cas said, exasperated.
“Wow, this is amazing Cas. I can’t believe we can afford this. We can afford this right?”Dean narrowed his eyes at the last part.
“The case is going fine. We realized that we aren’t hunting a Jefferson Starship, we are hunting a Krampus. It’s some sort of evil Santa,” Sam said.
Gabe groaned as he got up and swayed a bit when he stood up. Sam moved to steady the angel. Gabe snapped his fingers and they were back in their room.
“You may. C’mon let's get out of here before you lead me back to the bed. But, before we go, do you have the key?”
Sam bent down and placed a small kiss on Gabe’s lips. He could just barely taste the candy that Gabe seemed to always be eating. But the taste of heaven was always there. And Sam found comfort in that. The same way Gabe found comfort in Sam tasting like library books and beer. Sam’s taste was so...masculine. Everything about Sam was masculine to Gabe. Gabe loved that because he knew that Sam loved the kinkest of things. Bondage, wearing panties, Nothing was too extreme for his Samshine. Hell, Gabe could use his grace to prevent Sam from coming and Sam would probably enjoy it.
Pls note I do love Crowley. He is one of my favorite characters. And next Sabriel chapter there will be lots of hunting. Don't worry! Again, I love you guys. Lemme know what you guys think of it so far. Also, When i say Julie, I don't mean Crowley's hellhound. I'm Just talking about a random demon. <3
Cas snapped his fingers and they both had what they slept in. For Cas; one of Dean’s old shirts and an old pair of boxers. And for Dean; just a pair of boxers. Somehow, Dean managed to get them both under the covers. Once Cas was situated, Dean draped himself across the angel and nuzzled into his angels neck. Cas didn’t understand how Dean could sleep in such strange positions but, Cas felt safe with his husband draped across his body. And before Cas could say another thing, Dean was snoring.
“Alright, you call me later, Sammie. I wanna know when you are headed you fight the blasted creature. Alright?”, Dean said.
Good development of Sam and Gabe's relationship. Also we see some Crowley action. Thank you all for the love <3 Enjoy!
I love your hair. It’s so soft and silky. Honestly, I don't know how I have survived so long without you. You are perfect. And I will tell you that everyday I have too. You are the best human ever, I can’t believe you ever went to hell. You should never have been through that. I can’t wait to spend everyday with you.” Gabe walked over to Sam and put his hands around his neck. He planted kisses trailing to Sam’s lips. Sam gave a small smile and bent his head down to kiss Gabe. “Now finish getting dressed so I can show off my BigFoot.”
“Dean, move your hands. I want the world to know what your husband does to you,” Cas said, not bothering to look at Dean.
Sam banged his head on the cold, hard, wet shower tiles.”I was just showering and was thinking about our date. That’s all,” Sam said, not even convincing himself.
This chapter has a lot of talking, sorry not sorry. However, Next chapter will be the last. But fret not because I have so many planned fics and my next project will most likely be my 5 times. So enjoy. <3
Also keep an eye out for either a new Supernatural story, Snowbaz, or Legend of Zelda story. Lots of fics planned out, so keep an eye out. <3 ;)
He sighed. They had been looking at cars for an hour because Dean wanted a car that looked exactly like Baby. “You aren’t going to find one that fits your requirements. What about this one?” Cas said pointing to a bright red car.
“Hey Samshine. Why ya thinking about me?”, Gabe said popping out of nowhere and landing on the toilet.
“Anything you want Cas,” Dean said, pulling Cas in for a kiss. Cas leaned into Dean to deepen the kiss. Cas started walking backwards, towards the bed. Dean pulled away right before they landed on the bed. “Cas, I got to go shower. Then I’m all yours.” Dean said heading towards the bathroom. Cas groaned but knew that he couldn’t convince Dean to not take a shower.
That gets him a glance over Cas’ shoulder. Cas’ face is tired, eyes only half-open, but he doesn’t look sad. A little wistful, maybe.
Dean closes his eyes too. The inside of his eyelids might as well be a cinema screen, the clarity of the moment is so sharp. The broken sink in the corner, the single flickering yellow lightbulb overhead. The fractured tiles with the mouldy, dirty grout. The press of concrete against his knees. The accuracy of recollection undimmed by two and a half decades.
“So when you said you’re living in a motel at the moment…” Castiel trails off but Dean grasps the gist of his question anyway.
brown eyes and artlessly curly hair. Meg’s finally alone with Bobby at their table. She takes her chance immediately.
“I want to keep bees.” Cas says. It’s a complete non-sequitur, but the stallholder lights up immediately.
“Wanna tell me why you were flirting with that waiter?” Dean’s voice is admonishing, but the crinkle around his eyes and the bright tap of his fingers on the steering wheel bely his faked irritation.
evening, Cassie?” He asks with a calculated leer. “From what I saw, you and loverboy there had the most
“I.” Castiel swallows, licks his dry lips. “It’s.” He can’t begin to describe what looking at Dean’s mark makes him feel. It’s so much bigger than he expected, so much richer in detail and colour. Though his own mark is vibrant, it’s another thing entirely to see a soulmark on this scale. It’s astonishing. Breathtaking.
Sometime soon he’ll get up, pull Cas up with him. Kiss him under the stars, wrap an arm around his waist and walk them back to bed. Until he can find himself enough to do all those things, he leans into the solidity of Cas’ body and lets it ground him, just enough.
Cas smooths his hands over Dean’s shoulders, down his arms to close around his elbows. He tugs gently, guiding Dean towards their bed. He keeps his gaze fixed on Dean’s face the whole way, eyes so warm and blue Dean feels too jagged to be allowed in their presence, too much a splintered glass edge against such gossamer softness.
Sam’s up and after him in a second. He full on vaults the table to catch him, grabs him by the shoulders and pulls him back around.
“No. Sam, no.” Dean cuts him off, pressing his hands against Sam’s chest. Sam just looks down at him with tears caught in his lashes and his lip trembling.  Dean grits his teeth, forces himself to continue, if only to wipe that look off Sam’s face.
This man, this person who used to be a celestial being beyond mortal comprehension, who was crafted by god himself, however much of an arsehole
Dean shoves at him, twists against the press of Sam’s hands, grabs Sam’s shirt and tries to throw him off. Panic makes him clumsy, clawing uselessly to get away.
“I would call Bobby your dad,” Cas says, contemplative even as his eyes are fixated on his textbook. “He actually cares for you. Your
For a few hanging minutes Sam leans on Dean, unmoving, breath unsteady in Dean’s hair, and Dean holds himself taut, muscles pulled tense and skin stretched thin over raw nerves. Finally Sam exhales hard and drags himself halfway upright. His hand brushes up Dean’s bicep and Dean fists his hands even tighter into Sam’s shirt to hold himself still, waits for Sam to speak.
Writing this while listening to Carly Rae Jepsen's Cut to the Feeling is my way of denying the finale exists.
“How’re you feeling?” He asks, while pressing the back of his hand to Cas’ forehead. “You’re a lot more talky than you have been for a while.”
Dean turns his head. Notes that Cas’ arm is close enough to brush his own. Carefully shifts his chair away to a professional distance.
“I’ve been wearing suits since before you met me Cas, what’s the deal with this one?” He tucks the bags into the back footwell and shuts the door. Close behind him, he hears Cas shuffle his feet on the concrete. He can picture the embarrassed pink flush staining Cas’ cheeks without having to turn around.
He wakes early the next morning to the sound of Naomi rapping on his door and calling him to get up. He showers quickly, runs through his morning routine on automatic. His eyes keep straying to his wrist as he brushes his teeth and pulls out one of his smart Sunday shirts. The greens are a little muted this morning, which makes the gold stand out bolder. It shimmers under the bathroom lights, arresting Castiel’s gaze and derailing his train of thought every time he catches sight of it.
“Think that’s bad?” Dean says, tone joking but something underneath staining it bitter. “He’s been leaving us alone since I was five, Cas. Just me and a baby and a sawn off in case someone came knocking.”
Sam just nods absently, already eyes deep in his own book and sinking rapidly. Dean groans, shuffles deeper into his chair, rests his beer on the arm and tries to make his eyes focus on the printed page.
Dean, even with a lifetime of practice behind him, barely resists throwing his beer at Sam’s stupid, shaggy head.
The boys look up as he approaches almost at a run and one of them’s face falls a tiny bit more at the sight of him. Dean’s feels that shift of expression hit him hard in the middle of his chest, because he
Three nights later Castiel wakes with a jolt. For a disorienting moment he feels disconnected from himself, halfway out of his body and halfway into someone else.
“C’mon, sunshine.” Dean plants another kiss on Cas’ cheek, tugs him towards the corridor with his lips on Cas’ skin and his fingers hooked in Cas’ waistband. Cas doesn’t hesitate. He grabs Dean’s hand, bolts for their room, reeling Dean behind him like this was
“This is Meg,” Cas tells the guy immediately, and Mr Enthusiastic tears his eyes away from Cas to look up at her.
Not soulmarks themselves. Those are ubiquitous, everyone has one to guide them to their one perfect match whether that’s a sibling, a best friend, or a one true love. Some people even have more than one, lucky enough to be bonded in more than one way to more than one person down to the very soul.
And from what this article is telling him, it was the strength of them both longing, reaching for each other at the same time, that woke their bond. The thought twitches a tiny smile at the corner of his mouth. However frightening it had been, whatever else it might bring, this means his soulmate wants Castiel just as much as Castiel wants
Dean looks him straight in the eye. He thinks of the things he’s fought, of Metatron and Alistair and Lucifer and the Empty. How in this moment, with Cas looking so furious and wounded, with those two kids huddling together behind him, he might hate this one guy just as much as he did any of them.
“Hello Castiel,” Marv holds Castiel by the shoulders and looks him up and down. “You look pale, are you well?”
“Let’s get a bit more light in here,” Dean mutters. He flips the blanket up over the curtain rail, letting more of the afternoon light in. Then he turns, rubbing his shoulder.
The realisation congeals slowly in Dean’s chest all the same. There’s no getting away from this. Sam’s caught onto a loose thread and he won’t stop pulling until Dean relents or until Dean’s whole being unravels.
Cas can feel it. Dean’s chest rising and falling. The beat of his heart, fast and frightened against Cas’ ear.
here. From all he’s ever heard, all he vaguely remembers from the compulsory health and relationship classes in school, soul bonds only activate when partners are in close physical proximity, as close as a hundred metres or so. That’s when the colours first show, growing brighter the closer the two come to each other and finally glowing with inner light when they touch. But. His mark’s colours are still faint. They’re clearly there, unmistakable, unignorable. But they’re no brighter or fainter than they were when he first set eyes on them.
“It’s all right, Dean,” Castiel squeezes Dean’s shoulder. “I am perfectly happy to come back to the motel with you. Even though we’ve only just met in person I’ve had plenty of time to get to know your heart, and I can say with certainty that I trust you.”
“Not exactly, but I smell motor oil sometimes, when I’m thinking of you.” Castiel almost blushes again.
Castiel nods, obedience coming easily with the thought of his coming reprieve. “Of course. I hope the meeting goes well.”
“I’m sorry, Dean,” he says, vehement, and Dean knows he’s doesn’t just mean for Dean’s pain in this moment.
Two days, three exorcised wardrobes and one very pissed off necromancer with a talent for binding ghosts into inanimate objects later, they’re finally back in the bunker. Sam’s got bruises up his entire back where he got thrown into a wall (again), so he heads for a shower and bed immediately, muttering something about calling Eileen who’s down in Texas on a hunt of her own.
Cas’ frown softens. He slides a hand up Dean’s back under his t-shirt, runs his fingers through the fine hair at Dean’s temple. “Dean,” he says insistently. “It’s always perfect if it’s with you.”
“Dude, we’ve been married since freshman year.” He swigs his coffee and holds out his left hand. A slim silver band glints on his ring finger. Beside him Cas lifts his own left hand and wiggles his fingers. There’s matching silver, shining and obvious under the diner lights.
“Sorry,” Dean mumbles. His head’s angled towards Cas and he drops his voice even lower, confiding. Meg keeps her eyes on her laptop screen but still strains to hear. Next to her she almost
together, though, Meg doesn’t see anything wrong with trying her luck on Castiel. He’s smart as hell and undeniably gorgeous, and hey, she’s only human.
The whole point of Dean was always to protect Sam. But now Sam’s watching him with wary eyes, trepidation and distress twisting his mouth, and Christ if that doesn’t gut Dean, because the whole reason for
He turned away from Cas, not wanting the angel to see him like this. As he turned, though he noticed that his surroundings had changed. He found himself indoors, now. A small dining room that connected to a living room through open doors in the direction he was facing, and a kitchen through another open door to his right. Confusion washed over him as his eyes darted around the room, taking notice of very little, but scanning everything.
“I should have visited you. Sent you a sign.” He looked down for a moment. “I thought Miracle would help ease the pain, but I should have done more, I see that now.”
The thought took root in his core, and no amount of rationale would assuage it. He gripped onto the wheel harder, shifting his weight in the seat trying to shake the feeling that something was off about all of this. His eyes began to wonder to his surroundings, trying to find fault or flaw in anything that composed his environment. Though he found nothing, he still couldn’t be certain that Chuck’s attention to detail wouldn’t be so finely concentrated in this one last game.
He didn’t tell him any of this, though. All he could bring himself to do was pull Castiel into a tight hug, tears flowing freely now.
“Because you are, Dean.” Cas let a moment pass before continuing. “Because while I couldn’t hear your prayers, I could still feel them. I could still feel you.”
Dean watched in awe as the passenger side door opened and a familiar figure stepped out. His’s knees threated to give way as a watched a trench coat clad man turn and face him over the roof of the low set car.
His conjured image of her in his mind’s eye scrolls through his phone history, picking out traces of his deviation from her rules.
What if they don’t like him? What if he says something stupid and embarrassing and they laugh at him? All this time they’ve felt nothing but kind, but they don’t really know Castiel yet. What if they only see the awkward weirdo that everyone else does?
Sam clearly isn’t expecting Dean to answer though, because he keeps on talking, hand waving in the air again as if trying to give shape to his thoughts.
Cas grabs Dean’s head, fists his fingers in his hair, yanks him roughly down to kiss him. When he lets go Dean is panting, dishevelled, flushed.
to mind. He drives with his hand on Dean’s chest, over his heart, and glances down at him every few minutes with melting warmth, but Dean can’t stem the undercurrent of guilt in the back of his mind until the rumbling of the engine tips him into sleep.
And it’s awesome and revelatory and beautiful in the moment, but later Dean can’t clearly remember anything about it other than this one image where Cas pushes himself upright on top of him. Dean’s flat out on his back, chest heaving and hands clutching at Cas’ thighs. Cas balances over him, hands pressing into Dean’s ribs to stay steady. There’s bruises from Dean’s mouth blossoming up Cas’ neck and his face is a wonder of discovery and surprise and lust, and Dean doesn’t know what to
“How much did it hurt?” Dean asks cautiously, half wanting to understand Cas pain, half horrified to even think about it.
Cas. Dean called him Cas. And, it dawns slowly on Castiel, he did before too. When he was rushing to show Castiel his amulet he said Cas then as well. Just Castiel was too caught up in the moment to register it.
and that’s it. No cards, no gifts, certainly no party. Not that Castiel has anyone he could invite to one. She does drive Castiel to school rather than leaving him to walk as he usually does, but that’s only because she’s leaving on a business trip for two days and her route takes her past the school grounds.
Sam sits up his chair. Shakes his head, plants the empty bottle on the table. Dean can literally see the tipsy haze clear from his eyes, and oh fuck abort mission. He should have aborted mission five sentences ago when they were half drunk and warm and safe, with no worries in the world but if they’d hear each other through the walls when they finally hit the hay with Cas and Eileen. But now Sam’s caught onto something and they’re in for another session of Let’s Talk About Our Feelings, like Dean wouldn’t rather stick an angel blade between his own ribs than ever, ever do that.
It’s a beautiful day, clear-sky sunny but with a breeze fresh enough to take the edge off the heat. Castiel stands under one of the trees lining the playing fields and stares up. Despite the blazing sunshine, the heat won’t sink through his skin. Inside he feels nothing but chill. Beneath the blue of the wide-open sky, he’s a tiny bundle of cloudy grey.
then he’s leaning into Dean’s side, slipping his hands back under Dean’s t-shirt, tracing the curve of Dean’s shoulder blades with feather-light fingers.
There’s a noise from the doorway and Dean looks up. Cas is framed in the arch with his phone out, suspiciously pointed right at Dean.
Sam clears his throat, kicks Dean in the shin. Dean looks up, frowning, to Sam staring pointedly at the gap between Dean and Cas.
Cas grins wider. Brushes his free hand up Dean’s chest from hip to chin, lingers there. “Well then,” he says lowering his gaze and looking up at Dean through his lashes. “Consider me thoroughly seduced.”
This is Cas, for Christ’s sake. He didn’t spend a decade longing for this to let himself flip out and ruin it the second he finally has it.
His fingers touch lightly to Castiel’s elbow and Cas turns in response, slows his step so he can watch Dean without losing his footing on the slippery ground. Dean’s still not quite looking at him, but his touch hangs on Castiel’s arm and he leans slightly towards him, close enough Castiel can feel the warmth of Dean’s breath faint on his cheek. When Dean speaks his voice is low, confiding.
“Sweet, what do you fancy? I’m down for whatever you are.” Dean smiles and Cas feels unbalanced all over again, because there Dean goes being nice at every last opportunity, and it’s lovely but he doesn’t understand.
Dean trails in, feet dragging and heavy-lidded eyes fixed on the coffee in an exact replica of Cas’ own entrance. Cas grabs a mug, has coffee poured and held out just in time for Dean to snatch it as he collapses to lean on Cas’ back.
He’s so sunk into the repetition that it could be minutes or hours before a stray sound pierces his focus and jerks him back to the present. A door closes somewhere, then footsteps pad down the corridor past their room. It must just be Sam, the footfall too heavy for Eileen, but for that first second as Dean comes back to himself it could be anyone, anonymous footsteps following him in the dark.
know that answer to that question, not know that there was never a choice in this for Dean? But Sam’s face is genuinely confused, brows drawn close and mouth turned down at the corners, and something like hysteria flutters in the hollow carved under Dean’s ribs.
Dean evades Cas’ questioning gaze by fetching some more meds and dosing him up. The drugs hit quickly and he’s sinking into sedated clouds before he can really process what’s going on. He drifts for a soft moment, carried on waves of relief as the headache recedes and his aching joints quiet. Then Dean gets up to move to the chair by the bed and Cas jolts back to a semblance of wakefulness.
Castiel glances down at his aching foot and a bubble of disbelieving astonishment rises and bursts in his chest. Did they… did they feel that he was hurting?
But before she can ask the question that blossoms on the tip of her tongue, a burly bear of a guy in a peacoat drops into the seat next to her, Cas says “Meg, this is our friend Benny” and the moment’s gone. Benny’s greeting her with a lazy Louisiana drawl, Dean’s grabbing menus and squabbling with Cas over food choices –
He doesn’t elaborate further, so Castiel files that snippet away and finally pushes his shirt cuff back to expose his mark.
might relate to his person, but it’s warming to know that their connection was always strong enough for Castiel to know it’s a part of them.
Cas finally breaks the long silence with a turn of his head to breathe in Dean’s ear. “I do miss being able to see your soul.”
, what the fuck. Next to her Charlie is shaking with silent laughter, hand pressed tight over her face. Balthazar is staring, mouth and eyes matching circles of shock. In the back of the booth Benny is just smiling, knowing and satisfied.
He whispers it into Dean’s neck, fingers clenching tight into Dean’s t-shirt. Dean melts against him instantly, arms sliding up around Cas’ back. He holds him gently, careful of the bruises mottling his skin purple, but the kiss he presses into Cas’ shoulder is hard with intent. Cas shudders against him, grabs his head and pulls him round to kiss him properly.
Dean knows Cas loves him. Hell knows why when he’s the only person in creation besides Sam who’s seen every ugly, ruined corner of Dean’s history and been party to every selfish, destructive, hurtful decision Dean’s ever made. But he knows Cas loves him. After the Empty, after everything, even he, monument to self-hatred that he is, can’t doubt that. Not with every second of Cas’ confession and death branded onto the inside of his eyelids, replaying a personalised horror movie every time he tries to sleep.
“Dean,” Cas mumbles, and Dean glances down, drawn like a magnet to an opposite pole. Cas is still asleep, face calm and relaxed. He sighs almost inaudibly, nuzzles his face closer into Dean’s thigh.
The moment they’re in Meg spots that the second bedroom door is open. Padding down the darkened hall, the suspicions that open door raised are confirmed when she gets close enough to see the empty bed inside.
He shoves his hands deeper into his coat pockets, bows his head into the godawful, knifing wind, and trudges grimly through the deepening snow after Dean.
Cas snaps, incredulous. “And… is that Balthazar? What… why are you…” He gapes for a second, blinking against the light. “Meg, it’s three in the goddamn morning.”
Dean doesn’t look round. Just watches his feet hanging in the air over the edge of the bunker roof. Swings his legs a little.
The other girls collapse with laughter. Castiel hides his scowl behind his textbook. Fine, so he’s awkward and that makes him stiff and formal. Is that his fault? It’s not as if he
Cas sighs again, leans back. Dean’s hand slips from his face, but Cas catches it and holds it in his lap while he shoves the first aid supplies back in the bag one-handed.
For a moment, Meg just watches Dean and Cas. Meg has always teased at least partly because she genuinely thinks they’d be sweet together, that they’d make each other happy. And the way they’re pressed close on their side of the diner booth, even while they’re eating unwilling to slide apart, eyes turning starry whenever they catch each other’s gaze, startled and delighted by each other’s affection still after apparently two whole years of marriage, all that lets her know she’d been entirely right.
“You’re rather beautiful too,” Castiel blurts, and Dean flushes crimson again too, leaving the two of them standing there blushing furiously and avoiding each other’s gaze. Castiel casts around desperately for something to defuse the sudden tension.
The corridor sways a little in front of Dean’s eyes as they walk, and he nearly trips on his own boots. He scrubs his hand over his face. Maybe he’s a little drunker than he thought, too much whiskey on too little sleep, too much of Cas intoxicating him with fingers in his hair, sliding into his waistband. A tiny alarm bell dings briefly in the back of his head, maybe slow down, maybe stop.
Cas stares up at him, watches Dean’s face flame red, his eyes flick down and to the side, his spine stiffen and fingers curl against the blanket.
New Year is a non-existent event under Naomi’s rule. The only tangible sign in their house of a year ticking into the next is the wall calendar in her office being replaced, and since she always buys the same kind that doesn’t even have artwork for the months, the difference is barely noticeable.
“You can’t… you can’t say things like, like…” Dean screws his eyes shut and gasps raggedly against the razorblade slice of Cas’ affection across his heart. “You can’t love me like you fucking
He startles back a step, head jerking up. He hadn’t even realised Dean had stopped. “Sorry.” He says reflexively.
Meg can’t help but be envious, but it’s a warm kind of envy. One that’s just a facet of a genuine delight for her friends being happy.
He raises a slightly trembling hand back to the shelves. The movement dislodges his sleeve and it slips down, revealing his soulmark.
Cas scoffs and elbows Dean, who fake winces and leans away, opening his eyes wide and plastering his face in a comically overdone expression of betrayal. And Cas laughs. Serious, grave Castiel who didn’t even twitch a smile when Meg told her best joke back in the lecture, honest to God
Several metres ahead Dean is striding forward like he doesn’t even feel the chill, steps easy and confident on the slippery ground. Cas glances up at his back. He can see the tension lining Dean’s shoulders even from here, the stiff set of his back. The way he’s holding his shotgun, across his chest instead of slung easily on his shoulder.
They end up at a roadhouse diner, loud and warm, the kind of place Meg’s never quite felt at home. Here though, Bobby herds them into a booth, orders drinks and snacks, amusedly listens to Dean’s overexcited motormouth conversation, all of it with a paternal air that puts her instantly at ease.
Castiel just nods and hurries past her into the kitchen. His stomach is still clenching, the feeling of Naomi’s eyes on the back of his neck cranking his anxiety up another notch, so he opts to make some plain toast, for safety’s sake. To his relief, Naomi reads a paper while he eats, so he’s spared the pressure of her gaze long enough to force the food down. He hasn’t quite finished when Naomi flips the paper shut and stands.
“Keep waiting to go back there,” he confesses into Cas’ shoulder. “While we’re… keep waiting for something to snap and put me back there and I’ll freak the fuck out.”
He’s still racked with shakes, he’s still not sure if his toes are all there or not, but he’s alive, he’s
Dean looks him over, gaze flickering up through his lashes to skate over Castiel’s face as though searching for something in his expression. Castiel isn’t sure what to do with his face, whether a smile would offer the comfort Dean seems to be seeking or whether it would be better to be serious. So he just tilts his head, blinks anxiously under Dean’s inspection.
wouldn’t be strictly accurate. But still, from the moment the sun creeps above the horizon into the glowering bank of grey cloud covering the sky, staining Castiel’s room in shades of washed-out grey, and Castiel drags himself red-eyed and aching off his bed, he can never shake the low tremble of dread in the pit of his stomach.
Dean shrugs out of his layers and into the first option. He likes it immediately. It sits right across his shoulders, cuts a pleasingly smooth line down his body when he buttons the jacket. The trousers fall a little awkwardly with his beaten up old boots, but he can picture them hitting neatly on his smart shoes. He nods slightly, mostly to himself.
, like Dean is the most immaculate being in all of creation, like he’s in awe of Dean down into his bones.
Dean blinks owlishly at him. Cas can feel his eyes following him as he hurries across the motel room to Dean’s bag, dumped at the end of the bed. He pulls out the first aid kit – a large one, definitely not straight from the pharmacy shelf – hesitates, snags the whiskey from the table by the window as he heads back to the bathroom.
Only when Cas has finished shuffling Dean into a worn set of pyjamas and has climbed back onto the bed next to him does Dean open his palm and let the vines of that want twine around his whole body. He turns and collapses gently onto Cas, arms coming up around Cas’ waist and pulling them together. Pushing his face into the soft cotton of Cas’ t-shirt, he leans his whole weight into Cas until Cas huffs under his breath and lets them fall backwards onto the mattress. Cas wraps his arm across Dean’s shoulders in turn and rolls them, pulling Dean with him until they’re lying how they always do when they first go to bed, how they always wake up every morning, face to face in the middle of the mattress, tucked close together with every limb tangled inextricably around each other. Cas’ free hand fumbles somewhere down near their knees to snag the duvet and blanket, pull the covers up over the two of them and hide them in a refuge of softness.
“I have to get the first aid kit from your bag.” Cas takes Dean’s hand, pushes it down on the towel. “Hold this tight, don’t fall over again.”
Where the park ends and the trail peters out into a slush-slicked pavement alongside a main road, a pair of trees make a narrow arch over the path. Dean hangs back to let Castiel pass through first. As he moves under, the branches overhead rustle and he looks up, step pausing. There’s a bird on a twig just over his head, feathers puffed against the cold. It chirps briefly, hops on the branch, flicks its wings and flutters away. Castiel turns to watch it, smiling, tipping his head back to watch its silhouette shrink against the low clouds. When he looks back down it’s to find Dean watching him in turn, eyes thoughtful and not quite a smile hovering around his lips.
he tells himself severely. After all their mingled emotions and half-shared experiences, good and bad, it’s ludicrous to be embarrassed over sharing anything so simple as this. “Especially if I’m looking at my mark, it’s always strongest then.”
He blinks, eyes and brain coming back into focus. He’s standing under a thick grove of trees right down by the river’s edge where the narrow path widens out into a space large enough for a bench. The ground slopes sharply up away from the river so the bench is tucked into a nook, sheltered by the grass bank and the trees, invisible to the rest of the park. It doesn’t look like people come here much. The grass is overgrown and the bench weather beaten. It feels like a secret place. A hideaway from the world.
He rolls over. Cas is sitting cross-legged on the edge of the bed, head bowed over his lap. The vial holding his grace rests on his palms, lighting the planes and angles of his face.
He scrabbles at Dean’s arms, clutches uselessly at Dean’s shirt, his jacket, Dean’s hands as he holds him up, cradles his head. Darkness eats at the edges of his vision.
down. He’s so tired of following arbitrary rules, of making himself small and amenable, of being slapped down anyway as though he’s supposed to be sorry for his entire existence.
Eleven years in and Dean is still floored by the absolute commitment Cas offers him. The unrelenting honesty of it blindsides him even when he thinks he knows and expects it. He should have seen it earlier, really. That level of unwavering devotion despite everything, despite Dean being
Castiel doesn’t think his soulmate’s surface softness towards him is a lie. It feels genuine, not manufactured to paper over the distress they’re so obviously still haunted by. But even if it is as real as he believes it to be, they’re still using it to conceal their suffering from him. That they’re putting up a front of
“I promise.” He smiles oh so faintly, turns back to watch the grace swirl gently against the glass. “I just like to be near this sometimes. It’s nice to have it close.”
Information. That’s how he always deals with situations he doesn’t understand. He needs information.
Dean’s eyes widen. “Marks!” He exclaims, so loudly Castiel jumps. “Holy fuck, the first thing soulmates are meant to show each other and we haven’t even talked about them.”
The group of them quickly fall into a routine. Study sessions in the library, game sessions in their halls, late night diner trips and movie nights. Though Meg and Benny are around a lot, Cas and Dean seem to be welded at the hip. They study different subjects – Dean wants to major in engineering and Cas is heading for med school and a career in surgery – but outside of the lectures they don’t share, Meg rarely sees them apart. It’s so unusual it throws her off every time. Seeing one without the other feels like seeing them without a head.
“You didn’t have to do that, Dean.” Cas pulls back a bit to look Dean in the eye. “I could have dealt with it.”
Dean and Cas host the first game night of the year as an apartment warming party. As soon as they’re occupied in the kitchen with the homemade pizzas, Balthazar hightails it out of the living room without a word. He’s back in less than a minute, dropping to his knees and leaning to whisper in Meg’s ear.
After loading the heavy bags into the car, Dean stretches his back out with his eyes closed and his arms above his head. Cas catches himself staring at the flash of stomach where Dean’s shirt pulls up, and is about to look away when Dean catches his eye, gives him a suggestive wink and deliberately stretches a bit further.
It could be five seconds or five lifetimes before Dean pulls away. He plants one more brief kiss on Cas’ cheekbone then he’s gone, back at the counter sorting groceries like he didn’t just pull all the air out of Cas’ lungs and send him reeling.
Then there’s the barest shiver at the base of his spine as the bond cracks back open. The faintest hesitant touch brushes through him, and Castiel could choke on the relief of it.
what he must look like to that poor kid. Big guy, old boots, army jacket, two days’ stubble. He’s still got a scrape on his cheekbone and fading bruises on his knuckles from their last hunt. He doesn’t look all that different from the guy hounding them.
“The chicken in the fridge is for tomorrow, don’t touch it,” she says, brusque. “You can use any of the vegetables and the leftover fish for dinner. Don’t leave the washing up, do it as soon as you’re finished eating. And don’t stay up late again, you know we have church in the morning.”
Cas tightens his fingers in Dean’s hair. “No matter how angry you were with me, part of you always turned gold when you saw me, you always shone a little brighter, like you do around Sam. You were so
Towards the end of the row, Cas catches a whiff of something frying and his stomach grumbles. It’s been a long time since breakfast, and even that was grabbed hurriedly in the impala while Dean was driving. Maybe he can pick them something up for lunch. Whatever’s cooking smells like it should be greasy and unhealthy enough to keep Dean cheerful. He pictures Dean’s smile of thanks, the way his eyes will crinkle at the edges, and his feet are turning towards the food stands before he’s even finished making up his mind.
He knows Sam’s got it when his spine shoots up straight, his while body turning stiff against Dean’s own.
Castiel stands in the shade of the shelves and clutches his right wrist to his chest, fingers of his other hand so tight over his mark his knuckles show white. Are they… are they ignoring him? Don’t they
them. How the hell is he meant to help when he doesn’t have the first idea who his partner is, where they are, what’s happening to hurt them?
He has no coherent words for what it was. A sensation so strong, so indescribably close to pain, yet still so welcome, so wanted, that he’d felt bereft when it had drained out of him. There’s no way someone else felt
Dean could get lost in Cas’s eyes just as easy as Cas could in his. Cas’s sky blue eyes sparkled like diamonds in sunlight. Dean loved Cas’s morning hair. He stuck up in places that should be flat and laid down in places that it should stick up. Dean gave Cas a sweet smile and then devoured Cas’s lips.
“Sam, stop that. You know that none of that is true. You are an amazing hunter and while you do have your demons, literally and figuratively, you don’t let them tear you down. And before you say anything, I  know how you feel. We come from different sides of the same track. We both had absentee fathers. Mine came back only when Luci was taken over with the Mark of Cain and he refuses to believe that he is  anything but a great father. Your father left you for weeks on end with only your brother and what little food you guys had and when Dean got old enough, he would leave you alone, by yourself for weeks on end. I know that you think you aren't good enough but you are. You saved the world. You have had Lucifer torture you and you came out stronger than you ever were. You came back from Hell without a soul and managed to come back more attuned with your own emotions than ever before. You are the best human to ever grace this planet. You have stopped the Apocalypse on more than one occasion. You are stronger than you think. You brought me back to my former self after Asmodeous. So Sam, you are not too dark or too twisted.”
Sam charged the creature. He had a new found strength. Sam punched  the Krampus and used the time the creature needed to recover, to grab the wooden stake that was in front of him. The Krampus let out a low growl and charged towards Sam. Just what Sam wanted. The creature reared up, temporarily  leaving his chest open. In a few quick strides Sam was in front of the monster. Before the creature could react, Sam stabbed it. Unflinching with the same cold expression on his face, even as the blood sprayed onto him.
“Can we see the Eiffel Tower? I heard Paris was The City of Love~” Cas joked, looking down at his hands.
“Dean, I love you. You make me so happy. I am so happy that you agreed to marry me,” Cas said, looking down at Dean. Dean looked up and placed a kiss on Cas’s stubble.
“Massaging you,” Sam said, his hands going deeper into the layers of feathers. Gabe gasped, the pleasure was intense and Sam’s hands. Oh, his hands. They could reach places that he didn’t even know existed.
“Oh no you don't! Get back here Cas!” Dean shouted, as he raced after Cas. He was too late though. Cas was safe in the bathroom and he heard the soft click of the lock. “C’mon Cas. Babe, you can’t leave me like this all day.” Dean said in his sweet sub voice that Cas loved. It typically got him whatever he wanted unless he had disobeyed Cas.
“Now Sam-I-Am, we both know that isn’t true at all. Now wanna tell the best boyfriend ever the truth?”
“Well, where’s the fun in that?” Dean smirked, knowing that Cas didn’t like Dean spending extra money on him. Cas scoffed and looked away. Dean knew that Cas wasn't really mad at him; he was just mad at the fact that Dean had kept it a secret.
Sam lifted Gabe’s head with his fore-finger and thumb. “Gabe, I do really mean it. And you know, I am here for you, always.”
“Dean, whatever you’re doing is not going to work.” Dean nodded in response. He decided then and there that he was going to sexualize every little thing he did. Dean knew that Cas was very possessive and Dean knew just how to push Cas’s buttons. And that’s exactly what Dean was going to do.
“Dean, it’s ok you just forgot where you put your clothes. If my trench coat wasn’t so big I would probably have completely lost it. I have lost some many ties it isn’t even funny,” Cas said, looking into Dean’s beautiful, emerald eyes. Dean felt better now. Dean simply nodded his head to show his acknowledgement. Cas leaned and gave Dean a soft kiss on the lips. Dean pulled away and put his hands on Cas’s chest. He leaned his head against Cas’s chest and moved his arms to wrap around Cas’s neck. Cas felt Dean nuzzle into his neck. Cas smiled at the thought that Dean Winchester, the most feared hunter in the world, felt so happy that he felt safe in his arms.
“Sammie, I know I’m gorgeous but uh you ever gonna kiss me or am I just a pretty face to look at. Do I need to get someone else to fulfill my other needs?”, Gabe said. He knew how protective Sam was and he knew he was pushing Sam’s buttons with that simple phrase.
Cas deepened his voice before speaking again, “Was it what you were going to ask him before the wedding?” Dean could barely make out what Cas was saying to his baby brother. All his instincts told him to take the phone away from Cas. But he had learned to trust Cas. He also wanted relief tonight and he knew that if he didn’t let Sam and Cas talk, then he probably wouldn’t get any.
“Hello? Sam, Gabe. I’m sorry for Dean’s behavior. He can be quite...well, you know. Anyways, I’m happy for you two. I know Gabe has been with multiple people but Sam, he has never been more happy than these past months. Here, I’ll put you on speaker and hopefully we can talk some sense into Dean.”
Later, when Cas insists on driving home and Dean spends the trip cocooned in blankets with his head on Cas’ lap, Dean worries the whole way that he pressured Cas into something he didn’t really want. Cas doesn’t
With a monumental effort he rolls over and latches his hand onto Dean’s elbow. He’s so exhausted Dean could break out of his grip with no effort, but he doesn’t. He sits down on the edge of the bed again and leans in instead. “What’s up Cas?”
Dean twines his fingers into Sam’s shirt, grips tight. The creases of the flannel press into his fingers, the dull pain a grounding against the dizzying swell of recollection rising from the farthest depths of his memory.
Dean doesn’t reply. He pulls Cas harder into him, tucks his face into Cas’ neck. He runs his thumb up and down Cas’ stomach under their joined hands. Cas leans his full weight onto Dean and tips his head back to rest on his shoulder. They sit for a while, bathed in the dim, soft light and each other.
When they’re done, Cas bundles up the rubbish and carefully splits it between the nearby recycling and trash bins. Dean hooks him by the arm and walks them back across the grass to the suit shop. Maybe pushes Cas into a tree on the way and kisses the taste of coffee from his mouth.
Castiel traces the edge of a wing with his fingertip. Turquoise-green-teal follows his touch, flowing over Dean’s skin like water.
Cas has him flat on his back. After stumbling down the corridor to Dean’s room, unable to keep their hands from sliding under clothes even with Sam barely five steps ahead of them, after the first few heated minutes where Dean had pushed Cas into the door and tried to pull off both their pyjamas without detaching himself from Cas’ mouth, Cas had shoved Dean down onto the bed, settled himself between Dean’s legs and kissed him with a slow intent that had turned Dean’s muscles to jelly. Then he’d set about minutely mapping every centimetre of Dean’s skin, starting with kissing his eyelids and marking an achingly slow trail across his face, around the line of his jaw, into the pulse point of his neck.
She’ll never believe that this is all he knows. If she sees the rainbow pulse of his mark, she’ll think he’s hiding his soulmate from her. She’ll think he found his someone and he’s lying. The memory of the first and only time he lied to her flickers in his mind’s eye, and his back throbs and his throat burns with the sudden, overwhelming need to vomit.
His absolute horror at the suggestion must show in his eyes because Sam interrupts his train of thought.
This feels like the universe playing another cruel joke on him, giving him what he’s longed for only to snatch it away the second he’s learnt how much joy it brings him.
Then he’s gone, pushing up away from Cas’ lips and back onto his heels. Cas makes a protesting sound that can only be classified as a whimper, jerks up onto his elbows. Dean pushes him back down with one hand, hooks his fingers into Cas’ waistband and pops his jeans button with his thumb. The way Cas’ eyes immediately zero in on Dean’s fingers and his breath hitches sends a tingle right up Dean’s arms and overrides any intention he had to draw this out. Instead he gets Cas’ zip down and yanks his jeans and boxers off in one swift movement. It’s only when he’s pulling them over Cas’ feet that he realises Cas still has his socks on.
Something in the deepest recesses of Dean’s memory cracks open. It spills out hands on his throat, drunken breath in his ear, fingers hard and aggressive in his hair, words -
There’s a silence. Dean lifts his head to look at the stars. Breathes as slowly as he can. Inhales phantom fire and blood.
“I don’t remember.” The denial is automatic. Defence. Sam doesn’t buy it for one millisecond. He closes his eyes for a beat, jaw working. His hand presses more firmly into Dean’s chest.
to tell Cas how grateful he is, how much he needs what Cas quietly gives him. The desire is tangible in his chest, a solid presence on the back of his tongue. But he can’t begin to find the words to express the scope of that gratitude, anything of the way it’s sunk so deeply into his soul he doesn’t think he can ever untangle it from his existence.
It’s Cas who answers this time. “I’m in med school, Dean’s an engineer. Jewellery gets in the way.” He pauses, twisting the ring around his finger with his thumb. “We wear them when we’re off the clock. You just don’t look.”
cold inside the room. The ancient radiator groans occasionally, proving it is actually active, but the meagre heat it puts out only barely takes the edge off the chill. Dean doesn’t seem to mind it, slipping his jacket off and slinging it over the back of a wobbly chair as though the room isn’t cold enough that Cas would happily wear a scarf and hat just to sit in here.
He slips the cord back around his neck, but to Castiel’s relief he doesn’t tuck the pendant back under his clothes. He leaves it hanging against the fabric of his t-shirt, right where Castiel can see it. Castiel’s gaze lingers on it even as he pulls himself together and remembers that this was meant to be a reciprocal arrangement.
Dean watches Cas standing there in the doorway, scruffy in an old hoody and jeans, ridiculously barefoot even on the garage concrete, so different from the suit and coat and boots that were Dean’s image of him for years, and his heart hurts with how glad he is for how little Cas has
A hand appears in his vision, takes him gently by the chin to pull his head around. Dean is leaning towards him over the side of the bath.
At the best of times it unsettles him, shakes something loose inside that makes him feel nervous and lucky and unworthy and weirdly blessed at once. If Cas says it in the heat of the moment, it pulls him apart and leaves him flayed open in a way wholly different to anything even forty years of hell ever managed.
“I had to cool you down Cas, you were a furnace.” Dean rubs comforting circles on the inside of Cas’ wrist. “I know it’s uncomfortable, I’m sorry. I was starting to think the fever was going to give you brain damage.”
Cas looks up from putting the tinned tomatoes into the cupboard. Dean is supposed to be sorting the bags onto the counter so Cas can put them away. Instead he’s just holding a box and staring at it with a grin on his face.
Sam’s sentence dies in the space between them. It stains the air with its withering, seeps the air out of Sam and the strength out of his spine. His hands loosen on Dean’s shirt and he sags forward, sinking until his forehead drops into Dean’s hair. Dean shivers under the contact, nerves screaming to pull away. Distantly in the back of his mind he registers how fucked that is, that his subconscious won’t even trust his own brother, won’t even trust Sam, not to turn touch into violence.
The silence in that moment seemed to last whole lifetimes. Cas’s head lowered a little and his brow furrowed as he thought on his next words.
“And what? You couldn’t visit?” A familiar sensation began to course through Dean now, fighting back the numbness that had begun to set in. He was angry.
There was little time for thinking, however, as in a moment Cas pulled Dean in close to him, his lips meeting the other man’s with gentle force. A jolt of electricity rippled through Dean as his hands slid over Cas. One moved to hold his head closer, while the other pushed Cas by his lower back against Dean’s body. Cas’s hands were moving too, over Dean’s back and his shoulders, moving beneath his shirt to feel the warmth of his skin.
“We’ve been alone for over a year! Me, Sam, Eileen! And you what?!” His voice wavered somewhat before he caught himself with a steadying breath. Cas stood in front of him now, a contemplative expression making him impossible to read. Dean didn’t care, though. He found his words coming without needing to force them.
“Cas?” Disbelief caught in Dean’s throat as he stood motionless for fear that his balance wouldn’t hold. “What? H- How?”
“I prayed to you every night. I-“ He could feel the sting in his eyes, his finger jabbing into the air between the two. “I just needed to see you, Cas. I needed to know that you were okay. For all I knew you were still there.”
“Time…” Cas breathed, thinking hard how to explain. “It’s complicated. Difficult to get right. While we were unwinding it, we got a little…lost.”
He closed the door on the dimly lit corridor and turned towards the bed where Cas now stood smiling in anticipation. Dean felt his entire body become lighter at the sight. He replayed the words in his head; I love you, Castiel.
The voice was gruff and monotonous, and there was no mistaking it. The hunter’s heart stopped for a moment as he instinctively slammed on the breaks and brought the car to a screeching halt. Dean threw himself out his seat and on to the road, taking slow steps backward as he kept his eyes locked on other side of the car. His heart thud heavy against his chest and his pulse was audible as he held his breath in anticipation.
As Cas moved away from Dean, his hand lightly traced down the other’s arm until it met his hand, where fingers motioned to intertwine. Cas walked further into the room as Dean turned towards the entrance.
Cas flushes but his jaw sets, defiant. “Judging by what everyone else was doing last night, that’s perfectly normal behaviour for married couples.”
“So, you from here Cas?” Dean asks as they walk. He glances over at Castiel and graces him with another one of those glorious glowing smiles that make Castiel feel as if he’s been punched in the chest. That with the heady rush he gets at another
gets him a less overwhelming list of options. He clicks through a few websites without finding anything enlightening, but he strikes gold with his fourth pick. It’s a recent article from a scientific journal analysing unusual soul bonds. The first few sections focus mainly on colour interpretation, but fourth delves into activations that are out of the ordinary. The third paragraph draws Castiel’s eye immediately.
Cas watches him for a few steps, notes the redness of Dean’s fingers, the slight hunch to his shoulders that give the lie to his words.
“So you broke into our apartment to try and prove a point?” Cas rubs his eye tiredly and pushes back up on his elbows. Next to him Dean makes a tiny affronted noise and snuggles closer against Cas’ side. His arm around Cas’ waist tightens and his fingers wind their way into the hem of Cas’ t-shirt.
Dean sits up at that, leans forward to rest his forehead on Cas’ back and wrap his arms around his waist. Cas settles against him, placing his hands atop Dean’s so his grace is tucked between his palms and the back of Dean’s hands.
“I… I…” Dean swallows hard. His fingers clench involuntarily in Cas’ hold. Cas brushes his thumb over Dean’s knuckles and Dean focuses on that, on the steadiness of Cas’ hands on his to ground himself.
The quiet one just nods at Cas without answering and goes to walk away, but flag pin hangs back, pulling on his boyfriend’s hand.
“I’m not gonna let ‘em walk around like that, stickin’ how sick they are in other people’s faces, disgusting fucks-“
In fact, the pull is so gentle, just the faintest pressure behind his sternum, that Castiel suspects with a heavy heart that his soulmate may not even be in this town.
Cas’s fingers clench into Dean’s shirt. He makes another noise, longer and lower, jerks minutely up into Dean’s body. Heat unfurls low in Dean’s stomach.
Castiel keeps his hands folded in his lap and his gaze fixed on the middle distance. He turns his head towards Marv, but his mind slips away from the words before the first sentence of the sermon is finished. Marv has never been an inspiring speaker and his spiritless delivery washes around Castiel without breaking against him, a background white noise to his rambling thoughts. His heel still hurts, fresh and insistent against the unyielding back of his shoe. Castiel tries to shove it down, let his mind drift away and carry him through the interminable drone of Marv’s monotone, but the pain keeps dragging him back, rising up every time his thoughts wander too far with a particularly pointed stab and jolting him back to the present.
Dean lets him disappear around the curve of the corridor, counts out enough interminable seconds for Sam to make it to his door, to go inside and be distracted by Eileen’s welcoming grin. Then Dean bolts for his own room.
They're actually going to have to talk to each other in the next chapter. Which might admittedly be out of character for these idiots.
High school doesn’t exactly help matters. As early as freshman year the hallways vibrate with whispers and giggles, gaggles of girls comparing marks and sneaking peeks of the sports teams practising shirtless on hot days. Most of the guys try to play it cool, put up a macho façade of disinterest, but even the toughest of the self-identified
His chest hurts like someone’s cracked his ribs open, throat burns all too much like the fire of Metatron draining his grace from his neck, but he’s alive.
Dean laughs again, warm and free of any hint of the mockery Castiel’s used to hearing aimed at him. It’s been a long time since he’s been happy to hear any kind of laugh, but he can already see Dean’s chuckle becoming his favourite sound.
Cas gasps sharply, breaks the kiss. He presses his face into Dean’s neck, pants into the hollow of his collarbone. Cas’ fingers grip hard, possessive on Dean’s thighs.
“I was.” There’s no accusation in Cas’ gaze when he looks up at her. It doesn’t stop her feeling like a prize idiot.
Then Cas’ hand dips lower, into the crease of Dean’s hip, and the curl of desire that wells up jolts Dean back into motion.
“It’ll be the blood loss making you light-headed.” Cas hauls Dean back upright, presses a damp cloth against his forehead. “You don’t want to throw up with a knife wound in your side Dean, that will hurt.”
seeps into him on a low tide of shame and regret so bitter it burns on the back of Castiel’s tongue.
Sam is watching him with a look on his face Cas has never seen before. He ignores him, beelines for the coffee on the counter.
Cas smiles a little apologetically. “We assumed you’d catch on. We’ve never exactly been subtle. But you didn’t, you just kept assuming that not boyfriends meant not together at all. And by the time we realised you might never realise it seemed… rather belated to be fixing the misunderstanding, I suppose.”
He’s fine to start with. He’s got his hand on Cas and he’s sucking bruises into Cas’ throat when Cas clutches at him and whispers, “
“Will you ever put it back?” Dean whispers when they break apart. Cas’ face is a wonder in the dark, blue reflections of his grace across his eyes bringing back a ghost of the warrior for god that led armies, fought the devil, pulled Dean out of hell. “Be an angel again?”
“I’m Dean,” green eyes says as he leans his head to rest on Cas’ hair. “Me and Cas know each other from back home in Kansas.”
For a second he almost panics again, the weight of the realisation pressing on his chest and bringing his breath up short. But then Cas yawns widely, nose scrunching and fist scrubbing at his eye in a way that’s so normal and human that a sudden surge of adoration knocks the fear right out of Dean’s body.
Well. There’s no point dithering on the doorstep. That’s only going to raise her suspicions when he should be doing everything in his power to allay them.
Cas slips his hand down and wraps it around Dean, and Dean’s train of thought derails somewhere between Cas’ fingers and the nip of Cas’ teeth on the pulse point of Dean’s neck. Cas twists his wrist just so and Dean has to fight to hold himself up, arm shaking so hard the mattress trembles under them. He tries to focus through the tension building in his stomach, the narrowing of his perception down to the single point of Cas’ hand dragging him closer and closer to the edge, to concentrate instead on his own hand, on making Cas feel good.
“Trust you to worry about me when you’ve been out of your head with fever for three days.” Dean leans forward to press a hard, furious kiss onto Cas’ forehead. His hand on Cas’ arm is shaking and water drops onto Cas’ cheek as Dean lingers against his brow. He’s pretty sure it’s not from the bath.
“You won’t,” he says with absolute confidence. “Not with me. I know you deeply enough to know what I
Before he can really process Naomi is back, leather laptop bag in hand and heels clacking on the kitchen tile. She lays the bag on the counter and slips a bundle of documents into the side pocket. She doesn’t spare Castiel a glance.
Then his soulmate sucks in a breath and jerks his head, breaking the magnetic connection of their gaze.
Naomi’s fingers pause briefly before snapping the laptop bag shut and swinging it up onto her shoulder. “The cleaner was here this morning, but you can make sure you do your laundry.”
He fumbles the keys twice before his fingers cooperate and he manages to get the lock open. Inside, he slips his shoes onto the rack and drops his keys into the bowl on the side table. He itches to escape to his room immediately, but he forces himself to do as he usually does and go to the kitchen first for a glass of water. Routine. Stick to the routine.
Cas turns his head towards him, nose brushing Dean’s ear in silent question. Dean smiles and pulls him a little closer. “This
My best friend and I share an anniversary with Cas and Dean - September 18th 2001 vs September 18th 2008. It's an auspicious date for meeting the people you love most.
Dean pauses in the doorway. Cas is there on the bed, just as Dean pictured him earlier, sprawled over the turned-down duvet with his hair uncombed and nose stuck in an enormous leatherbound hardback, wearing a ratty old t-shirt and the ridiculous pyjama pants with bees on that Dean bought as a joke and Cas immediately started wearing constantly.
He has no idea if he’s getting it across until the worried feeling inside him shifts, melts into happiness so strong that Castiel has to duck his head to hide his uncontrollable smile.
“Naomi is…” he pauses, considers how best to phrase it. “Somewhat unbending when it comes to my choice of activities,” he finally says diplomatically. “It’s best she remains in the dark about this.”
Balthazar’s ears pricking up too and smirks to herself. Dean should know by now not to talk about anything he doesn’t want them to hear when they’re even close to eavesdropping distance.
“He has to be, right?” The girl leans forward, conspiratorial. “Can you imagine anyone wanting that weirdo?”
Cas wonders briefly if he’s reached the peak of possible happiness, if this is the best he’ll ever feel. Then Dean kisses a stray bit of latte foam off the corner of his mouth and no, he still somehow has room to be happier.
Dean has wanted Cas for longer than he can really remember any more. Years. But that doesn’t mean falling into bed with him is easy from the first try.
Cas is staring at him, eyes wide and a little startled. The light of the single lamp is sparking flecks of gold in the blue of his irises, painting his skin in honey gold and shadows, and his hair is a disaster where Dean’s fingers have twined in and hung on. He’s so astonishingly beautiful that Dean can’t look at him. He tips his head to blink up at the ceiling, convulsively swallowing down the sudden nausea that rises in his throat. The wave of sickness drowns his arousal and leaves him feeling cold and too small inside his skin.
Cas doesn’t seem to have these hangups. Every time he touches Dean it’s with this ravenous reverence, like he can’t get enough, like he could touch Dean forever and it would still be new.
“And then you just- fuck, you just did what? Put it all in a box and let it fester in the back of your mind screwing you up for a couple of decades?”
“The lavender’s nice?” He says cautiously, not quite sure how to move the conversation forward now without just coming out with
He’s not sure how long they stay there. Long enough that the arm he’s lying on starts to go numb. The sheer mundanity of the tingling discomfort eventually pulls him back into himself enough to speak coherently.
? There’s nothing Castiel can tell her, nothing he can confess but the press of a foreign soul against the bounds of his skin and a new helpless, involuntary yearning rooted in the marrow of his bones.
into the angle of Dean’s hip, presses his fingers against where he spoke like he’s stamping the love in it into Dean’s flesh. And Dean physically cannot take it anymore.
Dean has enough of his own nightmares to feel a mirror of the absolute, devastating weight that Cas carries inside. He dreams of the dead weight of Cas’ head in his hands before Ezekiel - Gadreel – resurrected him. The fire burning Cas’ body to ash after Lucifer killed him. The empty enveloping Cas before Dean can find the words to reply to an
“For fuck’s sake Cas, just come here.” Dean opens his right arm out without taking his eyes off the road. Cas immediately shoves across the seat, presses into Dean’s side. His hands finally still, one calm in his lap and one resting on Dean’s thigh.
A memory surfaces of a motel and another mirror, many years in the past. Cas pokes Dean in the side.
For all that they’ve wavered on the edge of this, things move quickly then. Dean pops Cas’ buttons, pushes his shirt off his shoulders, skims his hands up the rising blush painting Cas’ skin rosy, while Cas fumbles at Dean’s clothes, clumsy with impatience, tugging him towards the bed by the collar. Dean has to let go of Cas for a moment to yank his boots off. The second he’s done Cas is hauling him upright and tumbling them back onto the mattress with eleven years of intent burning in his eyes.
A voice whispers up out of the pits of Dean’s memory before he can shove it back down into the dark. Slurring drunk, tobacco rough, the stench of cheap lager on stale breath ghosting over his cheek with the words.
Sam snorts and pulls a face. “Oh yeah,” he nods with a vaguely disgusted expression that’s every inch his fourteen years. “They’ve been this gross since, like, forever.”
Castiel can feel Dean’s nervousness masked under the confident sweep of his movement, so he swallows his sudden shock and smiles as honestly as he can.
He drops his forehead onto Cas’ hair. In response Cas takes his hand and twines their fingers together. He rests their joined hands on his thigh and closes his eyes.
There’s a formalwear shop on a corner opposite a park. Dean buys them toasted sandwiches and coffee from a café, plus a boxed salad that Cas guilts him into, lets Cas drag him round the park for five minutes to find the perfect spot on the grass by the pond to eat their lunch. Cas feeds bits of the shredded lettuce and sweetcorn from the salad to the ducks, doesn’t actually eat any himself.
so the lack of kissing seems pretty minor. Maybe they’re just not hugely into PDA. Even if they do basically eyefuck every time they look at each other.
“Were you wearing it in that lecture when we met?” She asks, knowing the answer before the question is even spoken.
Cas pulls out a sterile wipe and starts cleaning the blood from around the cut. Dean hisses in a breath, fingers catching on Cas’ knee.
When Castiel gets home that evening he hovers outside the front door, turning his keys in fingers that twitch and thrum with an anxiety he can’t contain. What if Naomi sees? What if Naomi
Castiel has no idea how to put that across as an emotion, no clue where to even start. Instead, he presses his hand to his chest to hold down the tide of sorrow and tries to layer himself over with a façade of every gentle emotion he can bring to bear. Acceptance, concern, affection, anything he can pull out of his still shaky heart. His soulmate seems to sag in response, the presence inside Castiel softening at the edges with tired relief. With that comes a return of the ache in Castiel’s shoulder, a welling up of exhausted sadness that weighs him down. If he closes his eyes, Castiel can almost feel their weight leaning on him, the shake of their shoulders under his palm, the heat of their tears soaking into his shirt.
So yeah. Dean spends a lot of his time having internal crises before his idiot head works itself out.
Cas can only watch him for a long, hanging moment, throat tight and heart beating hard against his ribs.
Then it makes him crushingly sad. How can this be their life? No matter how happy they are sometimes, how brimming over with humour and affection, it feels utterly wretched and Castiel’s not even the one living it.
Cas’ gaze tracks slowly down to look at himself. He’s shivering now, fine tremors rippling over the water.
He goes back to stacking groceries. Behind him he hears the gentle thump of the pie box on the worktop.
didn’t sleep so well, Castiel,” Naomi replies eventually, her eyes dropping back to her newspaper. “Headache or not, you won’t be taking the day off school if your grammar needs that much correction.”
you didn’t know, you think I wanted you carrying something like that?” Tears prick at his eyes and he scrubs them away with a furious fist. “You were a fucking kid, ten years old, of
Rain or shine, they walk to church. Today it’s a cool morning for August, which Castiel is grateful for since it means Naomi doesn’t spare a glance to his jumper sleeves, pulled down so far only his fingertips show. She just strides ahead, expecting him to follow meekly as she always does. He trails behind her this morning, wincing at the rub of his stiff leather shoes on his heels. He can already feel a blister forming on his left foot and the on-off needle-sharp stab of it draws his attention down into that single point as he walks. By the time they arrive at the church, it’s a constant slicing pain and it’s all he can do to wipe the grimace from his face and paste on a convincing smile when the priest meets them at the door.
“Were would you be most comfortable sitting?” He asks, leaning towards Dean in what he hopes comes across as reassurance. Thankfully Dean does loosen then, uneasiness receding if not completely fading away. Dean steps a little closer himself and gestures, ducking his head slightly as if to hide a blush.
He doesn’t know what to do. He’s never heard of anything like this before and the chill panic of not being able to understand stirs, queasy in his stomach.
“Women were… I could always choose.” Dean’s grip on Sam’s shirt tightens until his knuckles go white. His fingers numb. He stares at them instead of Sam’s face. He cannot bear even the thought of Sam’s face. The words won’t come out if he looks, so he fixes his eyes on his own hand and pries them out like he’s digging bullets out of his wounds with his fingers. “I never
Tense as that whole scene had been, Castiel can’t help but feel exhilarated. It’s been so long since he last said or did anything close to rebellion. Alone in his room with his heart beating hard and his own words still buzzing in his ears, he finds he rather likes the rush of it.
Eileen finally gets back from her hunt about three. She breezes into the bunker, greets Sam somewhere Dean can’t see – thank
he finishes, and signs off with his name. Another of Naomi’s quirks, she insists on perfect grammar even over text, though at least now the strict formality gives Castiel a shield to protect his lies behind.
Well that explains the tidiness of the room. It’s also apparently enough to shut Balthazar down again, since he just slumps in his seat and gestures helplessly.
And there’s something about that absolute gravity in his tone, even in the middle of a casual conversation, that catches on her ribs and draws her in. Oh he’s pretty this one, blue eyes and bed hair and fine muscles under that loose t shirt, but he’s also strange and serious and curious, that much she can tell just from sitting by him for two hours in a chilly lecture hall, watching him flip through his textbook and make notes on subjects completely unrelated to whatever the hell the lecturer was waffling about.
“Yes, of course.” Castiel speaks his agreement to cover a returning spike of his own nerves, immediately moves to perch on the bottom edge of the bed. It’s absurd really, he reflects, watching Dean fumble his flannel shirt off and abandon it on the table. He showed Dean his own mark so readily, with no anxiety at all.
The sudden desire to touch Cas blooms in Dean’s stomach. He curls his fingers in, cradles the fragile seedling of need in his palm as Cas helps him into a clean t-shirt and eases his jeans down. Cas’ touch is so gentle on his bare legs that Dean nearly collapses into him then and there, but he digs his fingernails into his palms until the cut of pain is sharp enough to keep him upright.
It’s wings. Starting in the middle of Dean’s back and spreading over his shoulder blades with the wingtips touching lightly to the peak of his shoulder. They’re a mass of delicate feathers, filled in rainbow tones that lean strongly blue, with every feather outlined in a delicate gold that matches the golden thread around Cas’ own wrist.
Castiel hovers by the door, awkwardly uncertain of what to do with himself. The space is poky, barely room enough for two double beds, a rickety table and two chairs, tv on a sideboard and an excuse for a kitchenette behind a lattice screen. A door beside the fridge is ajar, showing a glimpse of an even more cramped bathroom. There’s no sofa, or anywhere comfortable to sit that isn’t one of the beds. As he’d thought, there’s a worn old blanket over the window to keep out the worst of the chill.
“What do you call what you were doing then?” Dean pokes at him without taking his eyes off the road. “Suggestive ordering?”
Dean growls, wrenching at Sam’s hold. Sam just folds his arms around Dean and pushes him into the wall. Pins him there with a knee and his superior height.
Looking at Dean, standing there with his hands clenched around his elbows and his head ducked down, it’s all Castiel can do not to reach out and pull him into a fiercely protective embrace. He’s stepping into Dean’s space and touching his shoulder lightly before he can really think.
“You are literally snuggling in Dean’s bed.” Meg says flatly. Behind her Balthazar wipes tears from his eyes and hiccups. “In your boxer shorts and a t-shirt. I don’t even want to know how many clothes Dean isn’t wearing under there.”
The golden whiskey glow makes Dean bold. He dips his fingers into the waistband of Cas’ underwear, skates lower to find hardening flesh, slips his fingers down-
“What’s yours?” He asks. Dean’s hand comes up to touch the amulet again and Castiel’s eyes track the motion. Unconsciously he brushes his fingers over his own mark in a mirror of Dean’s movement.
This morning he’d woken to find a new thermal blanket thrown over the bed. It was patterned with constellations and the warmest thing he’d ever felt. He barely had time to poke it and frown in confusion at its sudden, inexplicable presence, before Cas had appeared through the doorway, coffee in hand, and pushed all thoughts of mystery blankets from Dean’s head.
“You,” he accuses to Cas’ mouth, close enough their lips touch. Cas twitches a little, mouth opening and eyes flicking down to Dean’s lips. Dean ghosts their mouths together, the lightest brush. Feels Cas’ chest rise against his own in expectation. “You,” Dean repeats, “are still wearing too many clothes.”
It’s only later, when Dean’s in the car, that he really looks at the blade. Dean’s wielded a lot of angel blades in the past, but this one belongs to Cas. It’s the one he carried into hell to save him. It’s the one he’s been defending Dean with for over a decade. It doesn’t look much different to the other blades at first glance, but when Dean looks closer there’s something about the way the car lights on the metal play bluer than they should that makes Dean think of Cas’ grace. When he holds the hilt it’s already warm against his palm, and it feels familiar, as if he’s holding Cas’ hand. He tries a few moves and the blade flows with him easily, like it’s a part of his body.
He pictures those kids as they walked away, still holding hands and bumping their arms together, smiling now. Pictures himself at their age, the growing realisation of who he is, yearning for a boy in his Lit class with dark skin, a quick temper, outspoken opinions, and smiling brown eyes. His father’s passing derogatory comments about two women holding hands on the street as they drove by one night. The way his insides had felt afterwards. It’s been twenty-five years; he has no idea what town they were in any more, or why. He still remembers the exact words and the way his stomach had twisted inside out in response with razor sharp clarity.
“Head hurts.” He whispers, letting it drop heavily to rest on the rim of the bath. “Chest’s… weird. Ache. A lot.”
She mouths, eyes flicking to the door and widening in delight. Charlie glances over from her seat on the windowsill and frowns, but doesn’t comment.
Castiel doesn’t know where to start. The more Dean speaks, the more the nebulous fears Cas has been carrying tucked in his pockets coalesce into a definable shape. That undercurrent of fear and anger and sadness he’s felt from Dean, the strange way they latched onto each other through their bond without knowing the first thing about each other, Dean’s offhand comment about wishing he had roots backed with a longing that didn’t know where to turn, it all fits with the picture Dean paints of a life without certainty, built on loss and the loneliness of never having a place to call home.
Cas tucks his phone away and says something about the lab they’re headed to. Meg answers absently, mind entirely elsewhere.
Dean bites his lip, suddenly painfully awake. The darkness feels oppressive, tangibly heavy on his skin, and he ashamedly wishes Cas had left the lamp on.
Balthazar chokes on his bite of waffle. Meg drops her fork. Charlie makes a small, delighted noise and claps her hand over her mouth.
As he’s passing the corner shop by the park, his bond stirs. It’s been muted since about five am, as has his mark, the colours dull and his soulmate’s emotions still there but muffled like a record playing in a distant room. He could follow the shape of them but not discern their real meaning. Now, with a sensation curiously close to yawning and stretching himself awake, the feelings come back into focus. Castiel glances down, slips his sleeve up quickly, and happiness washes through him at the sight of his mark blooming back into vibrant colour.
By the time he’s sixteen his imaginings have taken on a life of their own, always coming back around to the same things. No matter if he starts off contemplating dark skin and braided black hair, or soft brown eyes and artistic fingers, he always slips back to freckles, wayward brown hair, callused hands that know how to work hard, a muscled arm around his shoulders. Even the notion of words breathed into his ear at some point unconsciously morphed itself from declarations of love into shared jokes bringing the warm bubble of laughter into his chest. Sometimes he even conjures up the smell of motor oil and leather so clearly in his mind that he finds himself sniffing for its ghost in the scent of fabric conditioner on his sheets.
Except it is. He can’t deny that. Because this time they’re inside, alone, and this time he’ll get to touch Dean’s mark. That’s always the final step; touch each other’s marks and bonded marks will glow. If he were any kind of logical it would be that making him anxious, the final hurdle to knowing that they’re meant for each other, but in all honesty it’s really not. Cas doesn’t need to see that glow under his skin to know. But the thought of getting to touch Dean’s skin at all, just touching
He ducks away quickly, slipping into the refuge of their customary pew at Naomi’s side and busying himself with the hymn book to avoid looking anyone in the eye. Mercifully they’re among the last to arrive, so it’s only a couple of minutes before Marv takes up position at the front of the congregation and begins his sermon.
when everything is so clearly far from fine digs straight into the fresh cracks across his heart. Based on what happened last night, he’s certain that they’re only trying to protect him. That they don’t want to hurt him with their pain.
, the guy had throttled him until he’d nearly blacked out. How he’d got Dean’s jeans and underwear around his ankles before Dean had been able to get at his knife. How he’d thrown up in an alley after he got away, hidden in baby’s footwell and cried into his hands, shivering and alone and sucking harsh breaths through the bruises on his throat. How he hadn’t been able to bear
Cas presses all of himself up against Dean’s side during the film. He turns into Dean’s side, tucks his leg in between Dean’s and slips his hand up Dean’s shirt to rest on his stomach. Dean knows Sam’s noticed from the tiny eyeroll he catches out of the corner of his eye, but Sam doesn’t even wrinkle his nose at them. He just rests his head on Eileen’s shoulder and smiles, warm and content.
“Hey,” Dean jogs his elbow again and smiles, though it’s a shadow of his shining grin that knocks Cas breathless. “One thing we’ve got going for us – the site’s a few hours from here. He’s living in the workers’ accommodation, put me and Sammy out here where it’s cheaper. He won’t be back here to check on me much.” He pauses, weighs his words for a second. “Probably won’t be back at all, honestly. Not till he decides to go.”
Dean lifts his hips up impatiently. Cas wrestles Dean’s jeans down Dean’s thighs, scrabbles at them inelegantly to get them further off without breaking the kiss until they stick on Dean’s knees and he pulls away, growling in frustration. Cas turns and pushes Dean’s jeans down until they won’t go any further, piled up around Dean’s ankles, on top of his boots. Cas curses under his breath.
Bobby smiles, eyes flicking over to where Cas is hitting Dean over the head with a laminated menu and Dean is laughing, ducking the blows but still holding Cas by the hip and leaning towards him as if Cas’ pull is more impossible to resist than gravity.
The priest, Marv, is a relation of theirs, their parents’ cousin or perhaps second cousin, Castiel always forgets, so he greets Naomi at the door with a kiss to the cheek, pulls Castiel into a slightly clammy embrace. Castiel holds his breath through it. The man always smells faintly of stale sweat and greasy fast food, and in his wound-tight state it’s not something Castiel wants to subject his unsettled stomach to.
“Hi sweetie, what can I do for you today?” She’s looking at him oddly intently and it throws Cas off his already tenuous grasp of human social interaction.
“Fine thank you.” She flicks her eyes over Castiel. Castiel holds his face carefully blank, forces his shoulders to stay loose and relaxed under her scrutiny. Whatever Naomi reads from him must pass muster, because she just nods once and turns towards the entrance hall and the door to her downstairs office.
Dean’s head twitches. Sam leans back a little, watches Dean carefully. The intensity of his gaze feels like it’s stripping Dean’s skin off and Dean shrinks into his shirt, automatically making himself small, like that could ever protect him when Sam decides he wants to pull Dean’s heart out and examine it.
Spine bolting up straight, he scrabbles at the soul bond, spilling out dread as he flails for a way to ask
Dean doesn’t notice his hesitation. Now that he’s started talking, it’s as if he can’t bring himself to stop. Behind the ache of Dean’s words sinking into him, Castiel wonders distantly how much of that is their bond tugging at Dean, letting him know that he
Dean stops over Cas’ hipbone. He hovers there, looking up at Cas through lowered eyes, slips his hand under Cas’ shirt to glide softly up his stomach. Cas groans and shoves himself upright, reaching for Dean.
He’s never minded lonely birthdays before. He doesn’t remember the day even being noticed beyond Naomi’s customary one line greeting since Gabriel ran away from home at seventeen. Castiel was seven then, and his memories of any birthdays with Gabriel around are hazy and unfocused except for one startlingly clear memory of Gabriel swinging him through the air and singing to him while Castiel clung to his arms and laughed and laughed. He’s
until he’s scrabbling at Dean’s arms and spilling over his chest with his eyes wide and round and shining like stars.
The pavements crunch as he walks, salt and snow gritty under his soles. He turns his face up to the sky and feels the snowflakes scatter across his cheeks, pinpoints of cold prickling on his skin in a counterpoint rhythm to the pulsing tug inside him. He hopes, he
Now Sam just looks honestly baffled. So like a lost puppy Dean would laugh if he didn’t already want to throw up.
None of that stops him listening to the pull wherever he goes for any sign that he’s getting closer, but it’s more for the love of feeling that bond than with any expectation of it leading him anywhere.
still can’t believe you literally caught us in bed together and you still didn’t catch on.” He wipes his eyes. “Second bedroom’s Sammy’s. Got sick of him whinin’ ‘bout sharing a room with us last year.”
Dean brings a hand up and wraps it around Cas’ wrist. His fingers are trembling. Cas doesn’t break eye contact, but Dean knows he feels it when his mouth sets firm.
He glances down briefly, face reddening in a way that’s nothing to do with the scrape of the wind, then sets off after Dean over the snow, setting his feet into Dean’s footprints as he goes.
Castiel’s mark is on his right wrist. It’s some kind of amulet, the line of what must be a leather cord wrapped three times around his wrist and the small, horned face of the pendant resting off-centre on the back of his hand. Castiel’s never seen anything like it anywhere, and in quiet moments where he’s alone he can’t help but hope that its uniqueness means his person will be easy to identify.
“Benny knew too,” Cas adds quietly, which prompts a snort from Dean and one of Benny’s small, private smiles.
Still, this pain’s familiar. It taps into the boarded-up recesses of his mind and splashes the memory so vividly across his vision that for a moment his bedroom fades behind the image. Michael twisting Castiel’s arm up his back, crushing his wrist in a grip so tight Castiel’s fingers turn numb. Pulling until Castiel’s shoulder pops out of joint.
“No, seriously,” the third friend, the one with the ponytail, fights to keep a straight face. “He’s a total freak but he’s not got a bad face. Someone will want him,” she pauses for effect, “so long as he doesn’t use his mouth for talking.”
Only when they’re done eating and they’ve split off to head back to their respective afternoon classes does the thought pop back into Meg’s head. Partly due to the long, tight hug that Dean and Cas shared on the pavement outside the café before peeling off in different directions. Partly because Cas’ phone dings with a text not thirty seconds later, and an oh-so-casual glance sideways that absolutely was not aimed intentionally at Cas’ mobile rewards her with a glimpse of Dean’s name on the screen and the quiet satisfaction of being right in her stomach.
“You need to stop this and leave.” He tries to sound calm, but it’s almost impossible when he can hear the boys’ breathing turning ragged with fear, feel how tightly Cas is holding his hand.
Castiel dries his hand on the teatowel, hangs it neatly back on the oven handle. Only then does he turn back around to meet Naomi’s gaze. She’s watching him again, brow faintly creased as though Castiel has done something mildly puzzling. That touch of confusion is enough to salve the acid burn of resentment at least a little. If so minor an insolence as not apologising over nothing is enough to put that look on her face, Castiel wonders what an actual act of defiance would provoke. In the past that idea would have set his teeth on edge, sent him deeper into carefully constructed obedience to conceal his errant thoughts. Not now. Now the flickering flame of rebellion is an enticing heat in his chest.
Dean quickly loses himself to the slide of their bodies together, the way Cas moves underneath him, the breathless words Cas whispers into the hollow of Dean’s neck. The sounds are a soft tumble, barely audible, but Dean catches a needy sigh of
Cas came off worse against a flying grandfather clock, and his entire left side aches. Dean’s already done a field assessment and declared him just bruised, which Cas trusts because Dean’s prone to flipping out like Cas is dying when he sneezes these days, but it hurts deep in his flesh and he feels like he can’t draw a proper breath. Dean flutters around him, dosing him with painkillers and helping him into his pyjamas and wrapping him in blankets. Cas would complain,
And he’s suddenly overwhelmed the solid reality of Cas’ warm, beautiful body pressed up against every inch of him.
but it comes off so shaky that the flicker of scepticism he gets in reply just makes him smile weakly.
His turn of phrase shocks a snort from Castiel and Dean grins again, a glimmer of satisfaction at making Castiel laugh sparkling between them.
Cas leans forward suddenly, presses his forehead against Dean’s, and the words die on Dean’s lips. Cas doesn’t have to say anything for Dean to know that he understands. The fierce grip of his hands around Dean’s, the sudden angry flash in the depths of his eyes, are as clear as any words.
But Cas wouldn’t be Cas if he made things that easy. No, the bastard always has to do things the hard way. Make Dean face up to things he’d rather not. Make Dean deal with whatever the hell this is at the worst possible moments he can find.
changed from the walking symbol of god’s power that crashed into that barn in Illinois. He’s still unapologetically socially graceless sometimes, for one.
Castiel sits in the cold light of his single lamp, watches the time on his phone tick slowly towards four am. Helplessly cradles his soulmate’s suffering in as much love as he can scrape together and breathes through his heart cracking right down the middle.
