“And your dad?”
“I will not apologize for speaking truths.”
“Other than this,” Castiel reached for his planner to review his list of courses, “AP English, AP Psychology, Sociology, AP Environmental Science, Political Science, and I lab aide for Physics.”
“I meant what I said about how you are incredibly important to me. I don’t want to lose you, especially over something like this. It’s my fault anyway for not telling you sooner,” Cas placed his hand on Dean’s jawline much like he had done the other day, and Dean leaned into the touch.
“Maybe we should ask that lady up front? The one who greeted us. She's supposed to be an expert.”
“Ok, yeah, that’s fucked up,” Dean admitted.
“I don’t know, Dean. I’ve never really…”
“When exactly have you hung out? Do you and Cas have another class with his friends? No offense, Dean, but you don’t go out very much these days.”
“They’re unnaturally cheerful. It’s disturbing,” Sam tried to defend himself. “Plus, they are loud and up in your face.”
Ok, who was this man and what had he done with John Winchester? Dean narrowed his eyes.
Dean gave him a “what the fuck” look and shook his head.
“Enough for food. Nothing fancy, but it’s good for basic groceries. And I guess we don’t need gas money because the Impala is off limits now,” Dean groaned, “We should be ok. If we do end up needing anything else, I have some money saved up from my last job that we can use.”
Dean ignored him.
“Because we can’t be intimate.”
Sam quickly regretted that decision. As soon as a drop hit his tongue, he gagged. Dean urged him to chug it so he couldn’t taste it as much, but that just made his throat burn. He grimaced as he reached for his water bottle to (hopefully) drown out the taste. Turns out that the flavor of watered-down beer was worse.
“What are you in a romcom now?” Sam laughed.
“Gabriel…” Cas grumbled.
The angel opened the cabinet on the farside of the room which housed protein powder, trail mixes, rice cakes, and other assorted health foods. He smiled when he spotted a cartoon wolf peeking out from behind two containers of oatmeal. Of course Sam would choose the one place Jack wouldn’t touch with a ten foot pole to hide his beloved snack.
Dean blinked a few times to make sure this wasn’t a dream.
“Deadbeat dad, huh? Yeah, I know what that’s like…”
“Can I tell you something else that’s been on my mind?” Dean asked.
“Excuse me?”
Cas considers living a human life alongside Dean, and the family celebrates the engagement.
“I’m just saying.”
“Sounds great.”
“I usually am,” Gabriel winked and then began yawning. “Come to think of it, I’m pretty beat myself. So if you don’t mind…” he pointed at the sofa Michael was hogging. “Piss off.”
Dean couldn’t find the right words, so he merely nodded.
“It’s not just for you, Cas. It’s for me. I can’t keep up the charade any longer,” Dean swallowed. “It’s going to suck, but it’ll be worth it.”
“I’ve had my suspicions for awhile. I didn’t want to say anything, though, because I didn’t want to cross any boundaries and upset you. I was hoping you’d come and tell me yourself.”
“It doesn’t matter. I still hurt you,” Cas sniffled some more.
“Ok?” Sam glanced up.
“Times have changed, Dad. It’s different now. My school even has a club that celebrates queer people. That’s actually how I got involved with Cas. I just said robotics because I was too scared to say where I really was.”
He unhooked the dog from the leash and watched as she rushed to the kitchen, presumably in pursuit of Eileen.
“Are you going to talk to him today?”
Cas practically had to drag Dean down the hallway. He was fully awake and dressed, but still irritable from being disturbed. That irritability vanished, though, when they reached the kitchen. Before them was a buffet of all of Dean’s favorite breakfast foods and a banner that read “Congratulations Dean and Castiel” on it. A huge smile spread across both of their faces.
“You’re such a dork,” Dean chuckled. “But you’re cute, so I guess I’m going to have to give you a pass.”
“Bye Dean!” she called over her shoulder.
That fuzzy feeling became stronger. His whole body was tingling as he gently ran a hand over Cas’s back. He reveled in the intimacy of the action for a few moments before his eyes happened to fall upon the clock on the nightstand. 8 o’clock! It was a weekend, but surely Cas’s family would be up soon, and here the two of them were in bed together. Fully-clothed, mind you, but still in an awkward position since they promised to remain apart during the night. It’s not like Dean had intended for that to happen. It just kinda did. Sighing, he nudged Cas. The boy groaned.
“What do you mean?”
“Jack flipped Cas’s angel switch for the day so that he could enjoy some human pleasures,” Dean smiled and gave his partner a quick peck on the cheek.
That rule stands, but most everyone is out tonight. It’s just me, Hannah, and Jack. They’re both asleep, but if we whisper, it won’t wake them.
“I’d appreciate that.”
“Since when do you need to go look at jewelry?”
Breakfast looked delicious. Michael had really outdone himself and pretty much created a buffet of classic morning foods. Scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, waffles, pancakes, French toast, and he even had healthier stuff like oatmeal and fruit that had Sam drooling. When asked about it, the elder Novak just shrugged and said it was easier to make whatever and let people take what they want. He had gotten used to that after years of catering to indecisive younger siblings. Still, Dean found the display impressive.
“And do you end up having a good time?”
Second, I’m sorry, man. I crashed shortly after I messaged you last night. I was beat. Who knew that just talking about feelings could be so exhausting. I guess that’s why I don’t do it very much. Maybe I should because this morning I’m actually feeling pretty good. I didn’t realize until now just how much weight I was carrying on my shoulders because my body seems much lighter, and I have more energy than I’ve had in awhile. It’s kinda awesome.
To Dean’s surprise, the response to his appearance was overwhelmingly positive.
“Dean?” Cas’s voice pulled him back.
“Yes,” he said hesitantly. “It was Charlie’s idea. She said it would bring out my eyes.”
“I think I have a better idea though.”
“You must be Sam. I’m Charlie.”
“You’re not going to regret it,” Dean said excitedly.
Cas meanwhile was speechless. He stared at Michael in shock. The elder Novak held out his arms and approached him. Dean let go of his boyfriend and stepped to the side while Cas practically fell into his brother’s embrace.
“Still. It sounds rough.”
“That is encouraging. Thank you.”
“Do you hate me?”
“I don’t want to make you uncomfortable. I know that’s not really your thing.”
“I wish we could go back to before all this,” Cas whispered. “I was having such a good time.”
“He might change his mind.”
“I don’t know. Tell him you’re hungry and go grab some lunch. Then, hit the arcade, go to a movie, hell, zap yourselves to Hawaii for all I care. Just keep him occupied. Can you do that?”
“Do you remember how I said I’m a very specific type, but I never went into detail about what that meant?”
“Cas is short for Castiel. He’s my best friend, he’s a guy, and he’s going with me to Homecoming.”
“Hey, I thought you were walking with the band,” Cas recalled.
“Yeah, to do that, I also need to know how to dance. And you and I both know that I’ve never done more than square dancing and the macarena.”
“Don’t worry. I’m definitely considering. Just gotta take the leap first. I think I’ll try to talk to him tonight. My dad is going out with one of his buddies to play pool, so it’ll just be the two of us.”
“What did he want?”
After finishing their meals, Cas and Dean shared a strawberry milkshake while Sam had some sort of yogurt parfait. They enjoyed their desserts, left some money on the table (including a generous tip for their waitress who, despite the bustle of the evening, always seemed to keep their drinks filled), and climbed back into the Impala to head for the school.
It had been about a half an hour since the Gabriel debacle, and the two were now sitting on the floor of the bedroom with a long stretch of paper and a pile of art supplies in front of them. Cas was occupied, drawing a series of different Pride flags along the border. He had just finished the bisexual flag when Dean’s voice caused him to look up.
REO Speedwagon. "Can't Fight This Feeling." Wheels are Turnin', Epic Records, 1984.
“I don’t know. School stuff, I guess. Got a test next week. I’ve been a little stressed.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean wanted to retort the statement, but Sam had a point. He had always been a man of action and not so much a man of words.
Cas's eyes lit up, and he wrapped his arms around Dean.
“Would you like a granola bar to snack on in the car?” Cas reached into his bag and pulled out a package like the one he had from earlier.
“Those boys...they corrupted you. They filled your head with nonsense, and now look at you. You have no idea what you’re doing.”
“Maybe so, but regardless, I’m going to say no. It’s just too bitter.”
“Castiel?”
“Yeah, I could use some fresh air, and it beats sitting with Sammy and his debate friends. Don’t get me wrong, I’m glad he’s found his group or whatever, but it’s kinda weird hanging out with a bunch of freshman all the time. I never know what to talk about, so I usually end up telling jokes about Sam from when we were growing up. He never says anything, but after a few weeks of it, I’m sure it irks him. I figure he will appreciate the time away from me and my embarrassing stories.”
“Of course. Um, what do you have in mind?”
“Yeah. I was always busy watching Sammy, but now that he’s in highschool, I don’t really have an excuse not to go other than that it doesn’t really seem like my scene.”
“She’s still figuring it all out, but she seemed pretty receptive to my flirting. I get major bi vibes from her.”
“Cas, tell me something. When you expressed all of this to Dean, what did he say?”
“Do you? You don’t even know what’s best for yourself. Don’t act like you're righteous or some shit for interfering with my life. You’re just an asshole who is afraid of things he doesn’t understand.”
Cas hesitated, but nevertheless threw off his jacket and got up so that Dean could position him. The dance itself felt nice. It wasn’t complicated which allowed both men to enjoy the closeness without the pressure of missing steps. About halfway through, Dean broke away and proceeded to lip sync the remainder of the lyrics while his boyfriend watched in amusement. When the song was nearing its end, Dean was actually on the ground, holding onto one of Cas’s hands. He gazed up at the angel as the final words escaped his lips-this time with his actual voice.
“I want pizza!” Jack shouted from his corner.
“Alright, come on, Sammy. We should get to class,” he wrapped his arm around his brother’s shoulder and waived to Castiel.
“I want to stick around,” Dean said.
“We exceeded our goal for membership, so the principal says that Pride Alliance can participate in the Homecoming parade this year.”
“Good things I hope.”
“Can’t one of you take the bus?”
“He’s just jealous because Cas chose Dean over him,” Claire snickered.
Sent 10:59 p.m.
“Yeah, yeah, I know,” he bit his lip. “Listen, Bobby, I didn’t really get a chance to say thanks…you know, for not making a big deal out of the whole thing with me and Cas.”
“Yeah, brothers can do that. This seemed different, however. Gabriel almost looked guilty after you called him out, and then the thing about Elijah. Who’s he?”
Much to Dean’s dismay, Penny’s was only the first stop for the afternoon. The group tried a couple of other stores as well to get an idea of their options, so he was forced to try on multiple variations of the same outfit to appease them. Sam had tried to get him to model some other colors, but he was set on the grey.
“Fine…”
“The cutest,” he said softly.
“Being here with you makes me the luckiest being in the world,” the angel thought.
“What are you going to do? Spend all night by the snack table? You’re allowed to have fun too, you know,” John told him.
"Yes, thank you, Cas, for the gender studies lesson," Crowley rolled his eyes. "Anyway, like I said, you will have to look me up and come see me sometime."
“Ok, well, what about this...do you like being with me? Do I make you happy?” Jack’s words hung in the back of Dean’s mind as he spoke.
“That’s exactly why we should be doing everything possible to maximize the chances of you getting some rest. You’re getting a bed,” Cas had his mind set. “And actually, I think I’ll ask if I can sleep on the floor in there with you rather than in my room. Jack will be fine, but you really shouldn’t be alone right now.”
“It was one time. We were wasted, and I thought it was ours. They all look the same in the dark.”
“Those expectations are ones you should set for yourselves. Who cares what other people do? Your relationship is yours, and you do what you need to.”
Gabe smiled at Dean and gave him a first bump before allowing them to pass.
“Actually,” Cas rubbed his neck awkwardly. “Do you think I could stay in Jack’s room with them? I think we’d all feel better.”
“That dream made me realize that I can't live without you. You mean the world to me, and I want to build a life with you,” Dean said, gently, “I get that things will not always be easy. Being human, my time is limited. No matter how much I want to deny it, I will grow old, and one day I’m gonna die. Not that the dying means much to you, considering you have a VIP pass to visit me upstairs, but the aging...I imagine that’ll be tough. I know it’s a lot to ask that you put up with all the wrinkles and body aches and my inevitable crankiness, especially when you are going to look and act the exact same as you do now, but...there’s nobody else I would want by my side. You and me, Cas. What do you say? Will you marry me?”
Crowley paused mid-pickup line, winking at the guy to indicate that this would be picked up later, and shifted his attention to Cas and Dean. The dude didn’t seem too hurt to have the conversation cut short.
This was originally a much longer chapter, but I decided to split it into two because I wanted a little extra time to perfect Cas’s coming out scene. It’s very important to me, so I just want to make a few adjustments before posting it (hopefully) tomorrow afternoon.
“So, uh, do you know who might be coming?”
Hey everyone. Happy Pride Month! I’ve been trying to finish this chapter for weeks now, and I apologize for it taking so long. I got a new job, and I’ve been too tired to sit down and write. However, I finally got it done, and there’s a lot going on in it, but I hope you enjoy.
“I got the night on my side and I'm wanted” he pointed to Cas, obviously wanting him to actually join in, but the other boy shook his head “Come on, man,” he urged, “Dead or alive. And I ride.”
“He’s busy at the moment. Is something wrong?”
“That’s good to hear. I was worried I’d mess it up since well you know…”
“Is this a yes?”
Jack nodded.
Keep it together, Winchester. It’s only been two days, maybe he’s just processing. That’s what Dean had to keep telling himself in the interim to prevent himself from going insane. He could still picture the look on Cas’s face so clearly- the hopeful yet hesitant expression of yearning. His face had been so close to Dean’s, lips just a breath away from each other, and if Dean had only been a bit braver, he would’ve closed the distance before either of them could think twice. The regret for not having taken that leap haunted him, but what was worse was that in forty-eight hours, neither of them had made a move to discuss what happened. Dean desperately wanted to, but he wasn’t even sure where to begin. The optimistic (and secretly sappy) part of him wanted to just throw his arms around Cas, confess that he was crazy about him, and then kiss him right then and there. Skip the long-winded emotional dialogue and get to the point. The other more rational side knew that was silly as there were several obstacles that needed addressing first. One being Dean’s closeted status with his dad, and two being Cas’s unusual behavior whenever anyone mentioned relationships to him. Dean had noticed it early on in their friendship because the mere mentioning of Cas dating caused the other boy to freeze. He would then appear nervous or even apologetic about past experiences. He would never explain himself which was worrisome in itself, but it was also unusual how Cas was so open about being gay yet rarely pursued the guys he liked. Dean knew there was something he wasn’t telling him, and that was probably why he didn’t want to talk about their moment- at least not yet. Finally, there was a third part of him, more like a nagging voice in the back of his mind, which held on to the terrifying suggestion that none of it was real. Under that logic, the connection between them was something that Dean made up in his head, and Cas, therefore, hadn’t addressed what occurred the other day because he never experienced it as intimate. Dean would’ve simply projected his feelings and saw what he wanted to see. Hell, just thinking about it was like a punch to the gut. He hoped to God that it wasn’t true.
____________
“That’s great.”
“It’ll be ok,” Cas’s expression told him.
“You were having a good time. I didn’t want you to worry. I realize now that withholding that information may have been worse.”
“Yes. He’s pretty excited. He already has ideas for the wedding invitations,” the angel ran his fingers, gingerly, along Dean’s chest.
“Ok, Sherlock, so what if there is?” as soon as the words left his mouth, he regretted it.
“I mean, it does a little.”
“A few hours?” Dean looked up to glare at his brother, “Geez, Sam, how intricate is this dance?”
“I’m gonna get it together,” Dean choked out. “I’m going to be there.”
“I’m proud of you, Cas,” Michael whispered. “Please know that.”
“Dean,” a gruff voice said.
Shit. Dean pinched the bridge of his nose and prepared for the inevitable embarrassment his confession would cause.
“Thank you, although I’m not sure exactly what I am doing that’s so impactful.
“You’re right. I’m sorry. I’m really glad you have someone to relate to, though. A close friendship is just as, if not more valuable, than any romantic partnership.”
“Of course. Are you?”
He held up their hands and pressed his lips gently to Dean’s knuckles. He giggled at his boyfriend’s pink cheeks.
“It’s not just your appearance, you know. It’s your soul. Pure, loving, despite everything you’ve been through. Every time I look at you, I am reminded of how lucky I am to have you in my life. What I ever did to deserve your love, I will never know.”
“Then I support you,” Sam relented.
“Making a T-Rex,” he said proudly.
“Maybe I should be there with you.”
“Now who’s the one doing the flattering?”
“Regardless, he’s missing out. I think you’re rather talented.”
Dean noticed the realization fall on his brother’s face, and he wanted to facepalm himself. Of course Sam would put two and two together.
Cas nodded.
“They’re just messing around. Charlie, especially, likes to pair me up with any guy in my general vicinity. And if I smile at someone, she goes crazy. I tried talking to her before this in hopes that she would leave you alone, but I guess I wasn’t clear enough. That’s my fault. I’m sorry.”
“Hey Dean,” his brother greeted as he settled himself in a criss-cross position at the foot of Dean’s bed, facing him. “What are you doing?”
______________
They waited in silence for awhile until Sam peaked out of the classroom and spotted Cas approaching. He called for him and motioned for the boy to come inside. Cas was visibly confused, but obliged. The moment he stepped into the pottery room, he froze at the sight of Dean.
“I know. I just…”
From: mythoughtfulspot.castiel@yahoo.com
“Nah, Jack. I guess Cas was off doing something,” Dean set his phone on the table and took a sip of his beer.
Dean could feel the moisture where Cas’s tears were dripping onto his skin. He patted the boy’s back, and Cas snuggled closer.
“I’m afraid we don’t have a choice,” the angel chuckled and reached for a pair of pants that Dean had thrown on the chair at some point. “Here,” he tossed them at the other man.
(See the end of the chapter for
________________
“No need. Consider it a thank you for helping me. I really appreciate it.”
Cas turned to waive at Michael and Jack and he gave a sideways hug to Gabe on the way out.
“Can’t really help you there, man. I’m single.”
Cas tilted his head as he always did when he didn’t understand something.
“I see,” Cas glanced over at some heart-shaped boxes of truffles in various sizes. “Ok, um, what would you suggest is a reasonably sized box for a man in his early forties?”
“How is Cas going to feel if you get disowned? Guilty as hell! You can’t do that to him.”
The angel gave him a timid smile, his cheeks turning red. It was probably the most adorable thing Dean had ever seen. Grinning, he leaned forward to capture the angel’s lips again, allowing himself to become engulfed by Cas’s light.
“Good morning, Sam,” the angel appeared in the doorway, his hair a fluffy disaster just as Dean liked it.
“Excuse me?” Crowley challenged.
“It doesn’t matter anyway. You are you regardless of how you are perceived,” he said comfortingly. “However,” he grinned a little, “Tonight, you do seem pretty queer.”
So cat’s out, I guess. My talk with my dad didn’t go as bad as I thought it would, but it’s still not ideal. He said some pretty nasty shit. Not gonna lie, it stung, but I stood my ground and said my peace. I should feel liberated, but it’s hard cause there’s a lot of uncertainty. As of now, my dad’s gone. He left with nothing but the clothes on his back. I haven’t heard from him in a few hours. I don’t think he’ll be back tonight, but when he does come home, I’m not sure where we will stand. It’s kind of unnerving. I haven’t been able to sleep. God, I wish you were here.
“The thing is...I’m not quite ready to deal with it yet, and that stress made me a bit irritable in the car earlier. I didn’t mean to be dick to you.”
“Where are Sam and Dean anyway? I want to show it to them. Plus, Dean promised that the next time he saw me, he would teach me how to play table tennis.”
“I thought you would grow out of this,” he grumbled.
“You’re confused.”
Cas sighed, closing his planner.
“That’s too bad.”
This chapter is very dialogue heavy
“So, uh, what made you think that Cas and I were a thing?”
His worse self slams him against the wall and presses against him, forcing his chin up with a forearm up against his throat, other hand fast against his left shoulder. "I've been fighting for my life for the past five years in the goddamn zombie apocalypse. I know every single one of your moves and a billion more that you don't. Don't test me."
could do this to Cas, that
Cas spread his legs further, his hands still cupping his own thighs, and Dean followed up on that invitation to take out his dick. Dean could wimp out and just jerk him off, but he'd considered it in the car, and that definitely didn't count as popping Cas's cherry. Besides, Jimmy had been cut, like all nice Midwestern boys, and there was no way Dean was going to leave in retreat for lube. Really, it'd just be easier to blow him.
“Hey, is Eileen joining us?” Dean asked. “We can pick her up on the way to Cas’s.”
Dean’s first few classes dragged on like molasses. It wasn’t that the subjects themselves were boring but that he was being forced to listen to what was essentially the exact same spiel about school protocols in every class. Syllabus day, as it was known, was starting to seem like a broken record, and if he had to listen to one more person ask a question where the answer was clearly visible on the sheet in front of them, he was going to lose it. Not to mention, sitting behind those tiny desks made his legs cramp up, and he was never sure if he would be able to stand once the bell rang. The only good thing about school thus far was that when fifth period rolled around, a familiar face appeared in the rows of students. Castiel didn’t seem to notice him when he walked in, engrossed in some novel, but the sound of Dean dumping his backpack on the floor next to him caught the boy’s attention. He looked up and gave Dean a slight smile.
“I called and asked if we could push it back an hour because I wanted to see you off,” Michael informed him. “And I wanted to meet this boy of yours,” he turned towards Dean. “I’m assuming this is him?”
"Hello? Dean?"
“Um, I’m not really sure if I...” Dean lowered his voice a little, “I don’t know if I am...you know.”
“What? Afraid I’m trying to steal your new boytoy?”
“Do you want me to let go?” he asked.
“No,” he paused, “I do have very warm, non-platonic feelings about you, but I’ve been trying to suppress them. However, they come out now and again unintentionally which can make things difficult. The other night being a prime example.”
“I’m not sure. We had to drive farther than expected.”
Cas glanced at Dean who wasn’t sure how to respond. He knew spirituality was important to the Novak’s (although each had their own ways of practicing it), and he didn’t want to be rude, but he hadn’t been to a church since before his mother died. To be perfectly honest, it made him feel conflicted to sit there and listen to people go on about faith when all it ever did for him was create false hope. His mother used to tell him that he had angels watching over him, but over the years, he started to think that if there were such a thing, they too abandoned him long ago. Perhaps it was for the best because Dean rarely felt like he deserved such support anyway. Still, Cas has told him many stories about his youth group and about services attended with his family, and his eyes always lit up when he did so. It was the sense of a higher purpose that excited him, and the comfort of having cosmic guidance anchored him during some of his hardest times. Dean admired his enthusiasm, and often wondered what would happen if he gave it another try. Would it be any more beneficial now that he had someone beside him to endure the journey with? Someone to reassure him when things got bad. He admitted the thought was tempting. This being both the lowest and highest moment of his life after finding love at the expense of his relationship with his dad, he felt like he could use some direction. Something to propel him forward. At the very least, he could revel in the joy the experience brought for his partner.
“It’s a gift,” Gabe grinned.
“Sir?”
“Can’t we just stay like this for five more minutes?” Cas pleaded.
“Well, were you even planning on saying anything?”
“Ok…well, what do you want?”
“Why do you care?”
“No.”
“I sympathize with the situation, Ms. Bradberry, but my hands are tied. All I can offer is support in processing these emotions. If you would like to consult with the school counselor, perhaps…”
“Don’t worry, jerk, I’ll send it to you,” he stuck out his tongue like the little asshole that he is.
Cas was silent.
“Well, that’s what Pride Alliance is about. We take care of each other.”
Dean smiled and gently rested his head against Cas’s. The face Crowley made was priceless.
That was an interesting question. The answer would be both yes and no because while he and Cas had taken a pretty big step together earlier that day, it didn’t necessarily confirm that they would be going to the dance as a couple. For all Dean knew, that could be something beyond Cas’s boundaries. He highly doubted it though because just like him, Cas was a sappy romantic. Still, a certain amount of pressure remained even if the answer was almost certainly yes. Dean wanted to knock this out of the park, and he was determined to make that son of a bitch blush to no end.
“It varied. With my brother, Gabriel, it was fairly simple since he’s very accepting. Honestly, I just went up to him one day and started talking nonchalantly about a crush on some kid at school, and he went with it. He himself is fluid in terms of sexuality, so it didn’t affect him too much. My nephew, Jack, was also easy because I didn’t really have to say anything at all. He’s been exposed to it since he was born because he’d overhear me with Gabriel or see me with the Pride Alliance. It’s just normal for him,” Cas said, “As for Raphael, he’s kind of indifferent. He’s never concerned with what I do really unless I get in his way. I told him and my eldest brother, Michael, at the same time over dinner one night. That took a bit more buildup for Michael’s sake. He’s more of a traditionalist, so he was hesitant at first. He’s getting better though. Hannah, my sister, was sort of hard to convince too, but her case was more fear-related. She didn’t want anything bad to happen or for someone to hurt me which is understandable.”
“Jack, do you want to color with us? I can get you some paper,” Cas suggested.
“Hate you? Why would I hate you?” he seemed genuinely shocked that his older brother would even ask such a thing.
“It’s been about a year since I’ve had words to put to my feelings. I generally keep it to myself unless I’m interested in someone, although I have mentioned it to Charlie once or twice to keep her from setting me up with guys who I think wouldn’t be accepting or with anyone who I don’t think would be able to make things work with me. She’s ever the optimist, so sometimes it’s a wasted effort.”
“How so?” Gabe tilted his head.
When it came to be Dean’s turn, he was instantly dreading the outcome. He hated fitting rooms with a burning passion because trying on new clothes made him feel self-conscious. He knew he shouldn’t worry about other people’s opinions, but it wasn’t always easy to turn off those thoughts. In this situation, it was near impossible because Cas was there as a witness, and Dean wanted more than anything to “wow” him.
“What do you think it means, dumbass?” Crowley snipped. “It’s homophobia at its finest.”
“I just got a bit claustrophobic. It happens sometimes.”
“Cas, you didn’t do anything. You know that. It was my choice to come out.”
“Don’t be homophobic, Sam,” Dean joked.
“I’m not?”
“Wow, that must’ve been tough.”
”Heh,” Dean grinned, “You’re kinda pushy, you know that?”
“Hey, what about this one?” changing the subject back to the dance, Sam smiled as he handed Dean an album entitled “Wheels are Turning” from 1984. “REO Speedwagon. Track 6.”
“Excuse me?” Dean jumped at the sudden voice from right behind him.
“Nice talking with you, Dean-O!” he called after them.
_____________________
“Jack tell you?” Dean asked through a yawn.
“Normally I just bake cookies, but it’s the first day, so I wanted to make a good impression,” he grinned. “Hey, can you get some paper plates and napkins from that drawer over there? And in the cabinet below, there should be some cups,” he directed Dean. “We are going to need to make more than one trip.”
“Fine. I’ll be back in a bit for Miracle.”
A message ribbon spread across the home screen of Dean’s phone as he and Cas climbed into the Impala after the meeting. It was from Bobby. Apparently, his arrival would be delayed as his plane was ordered to land after the pilot reported some abnormalities with the control system (‘big surprise’, Dean had thought). He wasn’t sure when it would be back up and running or if he’d have to catch a different flight, so he wanted to let the boys know that they may need to secure accommodations for another night.
“Dad gave me his card.”
“It’s not that it’s not appropriate. It’s just that it's too normal. I was hoping for something a little different. You know, something more...extravagant. I want it to be a memorable day."
The boy looked from Cas to Dean, studying their expressions. It was like he was looking for something, but Dean wasn’t sure what it could be. Whatever it was, he must’ve found it because he gave a short “hmph” of approval and proceeded to greet Dean with a giant grin.
Cas nodded in agreement.
"Just try them on then. See what fits."
“He said we could go to Hawaii!”
Cas smiled warmly and reached for both of Dean’s hands which he brought up to his lips.
“It’s getting late. We should go,” Dean sighed as he opened the passenger side door to allow his friend entry to the car.
“Nice,” Dean glanced at the sandwiches again, his stomach gurgling, and he thought back to how little cash he had left for his and Sam’s dinner that night. “Hey, Cas?”
"Crap," Dean fumbled around for his phone in his pocket. "Uh, could you give me a second?"
When parade day arrived, Cas’s heart was practically in his throat. He had managed to keep it together all week for the sake of the team, but now all he could think about was Dean, and he was on the verge of panic. In addition to his rapid pulse, his stomach cramped, he was sweating profusely, and his thoughts were swirling like a tornado in his head. This anxiety ridden mess is ultimately what stumbled into fifth period, and just as Cas feared, it was the first thing his friend noticed about him. Dean opened his mouth to say something, but Cas quickly shoved himself into his desk, facing forward to avoid his friend’s gaze. Such a move was foolish in retrospect because it only made Dean more concerned. Cas cursed under his breath when he felt fingers tapping on his shoulder. He reluctantly turned.
“So,” Dean began, “Are you excited to be a freshman this year?”
“But that boy of yours, you better treat him right, you hear? Don’t do anything stupid.”
Cas smiled and agreed that having company would be nice. He allowed Dean to lead the way to the parking lot where the Impala was parked.
“Why?”
Dean sighed. As weird as it was to walk into a room full of people that thought he and Cas were boning, the club had an atmosphere where he felt he might be able to let himself go a little and breathe for once. And boundaries or not, the people seemed pretty chill. Plus, being a member meant more time with Cas, and that was something he couldn’t turn down. Afterall, they really hit it off, and if he played his cards right, maybe sometime down the line there might actually be some truth to the club’s jokes. It was a nice image. Being with Castiel, doing casual couple things, teasing him about his obsession with a kids cartoon (nevermind the fact that Dean shared a similar obsession with Scooby Doo), holding hands in public, hugging, kissing...wow, what would kissing be like? Would it be the same as kissing a girl or do guys’ lips taste different? Cas’s lips were always so chapped. Dean thought about moistening them and...ok, that sounded pretty fucking gay.
“Mr. Met?” Cas tentatively entered the conversation. “If you don’t mind, can you tell us what exactly she wanted? Maybe if we talked to her, we could compromise?”
“It’s obviously mutual too. They’ve been dancing around each other all semester.”
“Got another date next Friday night,” she said proudly.
“You too,” Charlie responded, motioning to his sleeping partner. “You’re good for each other.”
“Just being you,” Dean chuckled. “God, the things you do to me, man. All you need to do is smile at me, and I feel like I’m about to explode.”
Cas rubbed his neck awkwardly and stared at his feet.
Sam was horrified.
“If I do, I’ll just email Cas. He’s in the same class.”
Dean wasn’t exactly sure why he was prying, although it certainly had nothing to do with finding out if Castiel was single...definitely not...
“Sort of,” was all he said.
“It’s fine, Cas, but people are starting to head out. I was thinking we should too.”
Cas leaned forward to kiss his nose.
“So, I’m going to be upfront with you,” Michael focused on Dean, causing him to gulp. “This is all very new to me. I haven’t had much exposure to queer relationships, and when Castiel first told me that he was gay, it worried me. Over the years I have worked on trying to understand and support, but I’m afraid I may not be exactly where he would like me to be yet. I don’t like being a barrier to my brother’s happiness, but you must understand that as a caretaker, I want to protect him. I want to keep him from getting hurt.”
“Heh, I bet,” Dean chuckled.
The angel nodded. Cas smiled as Dean began to cut into his steak. The look on his face as he chewed was one of pure ecstasy. He closed his eyes, savoring the taste.
Shit. Dean wanted to punch himself because that answer was sketchy as hell. Now that it was out there, though, he had to roll with it.
“Boys, stop it. Let’s go eat,” Eileen locked arms with Sam and led him away from his brother before he could embarrass him further.
“Of course I will, Dean,” Sam said, sincerely. “I just meant that my opinion won’t change anything. You are who you are. That’s just how it is. You shouldn’t have to pretend to be something you’re not.”
“For best results, you should wear something that shows off your figure,” Jack read, “I think that means tighter clothes.”
Charlie, Crowley, Cas, and Dean approach the principal about protesters congregating across the street from the school.
“Just follow my lead.”
“There are a lot of things I never thought about-gestures and language- that could make things uncomfortable for Ace people, and I admit that some of it is stuff I used to like,” he looked for a clue as to how Cas was feeling, but the boy’s expression was blank; he continued. “Innuendos, playful touching, stuff like that. It was enjoyable, but in hindsight, I think most of the pleasure was in the reaction I got. If I made the girl I was with feel good, then I felt good. If she laughed, I laughed. If she was turned on, I was turned on. That’s just how it’s always been with me. Under that same logic, if you aren’t into any of that, then I won’t do it, and I’ll still feel good because I know that by respecting your boundaries, I’m making you feel good. Now, I can’t say I won’t miss those things every now and then, but your happiness is much more important to me than sexy talk.”
Spinning around, he found himself a few inches away from the most beautiful pair of eyes he’s ever seen in his life-pools of crystal blue that sparkled in the morning sun. Attached to them was a boy around his age with fluffy brown hair and a pearly white smile that made Dean’s heart flutter.
“Alright, go before you piss yourself,” Dean turned Cas towards the door which they both now realized was shut.
“For the time being,” she winked at her boyfriend before addressing Dean again. “Can I get you anything?”
“I’m fine, Sammy. Be out in a sec,” he called.
“So we can’t participate in any school events?” Dean asked.
“Nope! Jack, Eileen, and I have a surprise for you.”
-Dean
“They’re protesters, Sam,” Cas informed him.
“He has?”
When Cas finished, he sat down and gave Dean a little peck on the cheek.
“You’ll get them next time,” Dean smiled at him. “I say ‘you’ because I wasn’t much help. It was basically two against one.”
His friend was taken aback.
“I’ve known you were bisexual since the beginning since you told me out front, so I can’t really answer that,” he said.
“Always,” Dean replied.
“It’s Crowley.”
“Fine. What’s the first step?”
“I have pie,” Eileen added, smiling.
“Yeah?”
“Dean.”
The longer he stared, the more his heart raced, and he came to the conclusion that he could not keep this up much longer. Images of his and Cas’s almost kiss were flashing through his head again, and it took everything to keep from exploding in a fit of emotion. He knew he had to talk to Cas and soon.
“Yes, I am. Do you like coloring?”
“How about you? You said you were doing some thinking too.”
“Thanks,” he sighed, “but it’s not an excuse for me to be an asshole. I wasn’t thinking. Sorry.”
The two were silent for a little while. Jack wasn’t entirely sure how to react to this news. Part of him wanted to jump at the opportunity to give Cas what he wanted because he loved him and practically owed him his life anyway. The other part was hesitant to give up the angelic connection they had. Having Castiel as an angel helped him to forget that his biological father was Lucifer which gave him hope that he could be a good person. Still, even if Cas was human, that wouldn’t affect the faith that he had in Jack or whether he would protect and support him. It wouldn’t change the fact that family didn’t end in blood, and Jack’s real fathers would always be Cas, Sam, and Dean. He sighed.
His brother rolled his eyes.
“Um, I’m getting a little hungry. Maybe we should take a break, and I can order that pizza,” Cas's voice was fairly calm given the situation.
“Did you?”
Dean reached over to his radio and pressed play. The sound of a piano broke through the silence of the night. Cas recognized the tune as one of his partner’s favorites.
Dean was honestly impressed. He had gotten the impression that Cas was bright just from the way he talked, but he hadn’t been expecting this level of intellectualism. Of course, being in AP didn’t necessarily imply success in those subjects, but he had a feeling that Cas was indeed brilliant on all counts. It was rare that someone like that would even bother to talk to Dean, let alone show any interest in his life. He felt honored, if not a little intimidated. Cas eased his nerves a bit, though.
“Castiel, are you off your rocker?” Crowley shouted.
“I mean, I’m probably going to be there with my brother. Sammy’s been crushing on this girl in one of his classes, and I think he’s going to ask her out. I’ll have to drive them, and then my dad will probably want me to stick around to keep an eye on things. So, you know, if you do decide to go, I’ll be around. I can be a buddy to sit and talk with so you’re not by yourself if Charlie runs off somewhere. That is, if you want.”
“Thank you,” Dean managed, “Thank you for everything.”
“I’m fifteen, Dean.”
“An alibi?”
“Sammy, what the hell?”
“You haven’t really cooked in years,” Dean said as he reached for the rolling pin. “Not since mom anyway…” his voice trailed off.
“I don’t even blame Gabriel really. It’s just the way he is. I do blame myself, though, because I never spoke up. If I had just talked to him sooner, maybe the teasing wouldn’t have gone that far.”
“Hell yes! I’ve been looking forward to this all day. Can’t wait to show off my sexy angel boyfriend.”
“Thanks, man. I think I still have a couple of bucks in the nightstand back home. I can bring it on Monday to pay you back for it.”
“Dude, is that eyeliner?”
"This one right there," Dean pointed and the woman pulled out the ring in question.
His brother finished fixing the tie and brushed off his shoulders. He stared at him, confused.
"Not up here. I can check in the back. What size do you need?"
“Forgive me. I shouldn’t have assumed,” her cheeks flushed a little from embarrassment, “Um, tell me about him. What does he like?”
“It’s the other way around. I don’t want to hurt him.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Did I what?”
“I want to help though. To be useful. Everwise I’m just sitting outside like a coward.”
The entire ride everyone had been silent. Sam had his headphones in and was listening to some sort of podcast in the back seat, and Cas was staring out the window in thought. Dean meanwhile was focusing on not crashing the car since he was shaking so much he could barely keep the wheel steady. He tried his best to keep his cool so as not to tip off Cas, but as usual, the boy could see right through him. Dean noticed the concern from the moment they got in the Impala, but he surprisingly didn’t say anything. At least not until Dean fucked up by letting his breath catch a little. Turning away from the window, he locked his eyes on Dean. Dean sighed.
I apologize for responding at such a late hour. I expect you are fast asleep by now given how emotionally draining tonight’s event must’ve been, but hopefully this message finds you well and rested in the morning. I just wanted to let you know that I am proud of you for taking this step. I know you may not think it counts for much since Sam already knew, but coming out in any circumstance should be commemorated. If you aren’t doing anything after Pride Alliance on Friday, I’d like to take you out for ice cream as a way of honoring your bravery.
“It's already too late. I don’t even recognize you two right now.”
Now, what was…right, the phone. Probably Bobby again. Wait, that’s not his number.
“That’s not an excuse, Dean. Remember that.”
“I’m working on warming her up to the idea.”
“He can do that?”
“And how long has it been since you figured this all out?”
“I mean, it’s whatever. Up to you.”
“I have my reasons.”
They were silent for awhile.
“The kid was dealt a shitty hand. All Cas wants is to remind him that there’s hope and that he’s safe here.”
Well, it wasn’t the worst news in the world. Bobby was safe at least, and now he could spend another night snuggled up next to Cas. He smiled at the boy before putting his phone back into his pocket and starting the car.
“What? No I’m not,” he said defensively.
“With him?” he asked.
“You two go on. I want to get a head start on some reading,” the younger Winchester replied.
“Jack, I don’t understand what is wrong with my usual outfit.”
“Found it,” he pulled out the box and brought it to Jack.
“Charlie, stop it,” he touched his fingers to his face, sheepishly.
Dean snorted.
“They’re not on school property. I can’t press charges for trespassing because the street is public domain.”
“I’m sorry. This is great, but I need to urinate. It hurts a little.”
Dinner was pretty good given the circumstances. The diner was a lot busier than expected, but with all of his friends present and Cas’s hand intertwined with his under the table, Dean couldn’t care less about the wait. He was just enjoying spending time with everyone. Plus, the food was delicious. He ended up not getting a burger like he planned, but instead took advantage of their all day breakfast menu. Crispy bacon, scrambled eggs, and hash browns, yes please. Cas too ordered from that menu, but he chose blueberry pancakes. Dean’s fantasy of making breakfast for Cas resurfaced for a moment, and he grinned. When Cas tilted his head at him, he blushed a little and looked away.
“It’s possible.”
His friend did as he was told, and he retrieved a folded piece of paper with his name on it.  The note itself was short- only eight words.
“I love you,” he breathed.
“Hm,” Dean took the CD from his brother and examined the back. “I mean, ‘Can’t Stop This Feeling’ is definitely a classic, but would it be too predictable?”
“That’s good cause I think I’m actually the happiest when I’m with you. I’m like a fucking moth drawn to a light because I can’t help but want to be close to you all the time. And the other day we were so close that...well let’s just say that I was highly considering bridging the gap, if you know what I mean,” sweat was beginning to form on Dean’s brow; he hoped that Cas would take the hint, so he wouldn’t have to say more.
“Me too. That was nice.”
Gabriel puts his foot down
Dean knew that his brother was messing around to lighten the mood, but he wasn’t appreciating it at that moment.
Normally Sam would glare at him, but he let it slide since he was just happy to see his brother starting to relax.
Cas sighed.
“About two days ago. Sam taught me.”
“ Look, we’re handling it, ok. That’s why we are here. Cas and I are going to talk to the principal.”
“It’s fine Sammy. Go back to your nerd shows.”
“After the parade,” Cas blew his nose into a napkin his brother had given him, and he tried to calm himself. “It’s important that we remain focused for the group. They’ve really been looking forward to this, and I don’t want to risk jeopardizing the experience by potentially creating an even more awkward situation for me and Dean that they would be forced to bear witness to. So, until Friday, I think it’s best that we try and carry on like normal.”
“You said tonight was about romance, right?” the angel grinned.
“On a bench near the side of the gym.”
There was a frustrated strain of swears before the apartment door slammed shut. Dean shivered a little.
“Like I said, it’s on your terms. Do what you need to do. But I do hope you consider coming with us.”
“So, ‘dress to impress?’ What exactly does that mean?”
“Not very. But we still gotta pick the song and a nice outfit that you can move in. You and I can practice for awhile, and when Eileen gets here, we can do a quick run through of the evening, and you can trial your speech.”
“I guess,” Cas blushed. “But that’s not why I’m drawn to him. Dean is just so bright and full of love, and when I’m with him, I don’t feel like I have to pretend to be anybody that I’m not. He likes me for who I am.”
“I should’ve warned you. I’m not a singer,” he bit his lip. “You on the other hand...you’re pretty good.”
After putting Jack to bed, Gabriel returned downstairs where Michael was sitting on the couch, drinking some coffee. He frowned.
Dean sighed.
“I almost forgot to give this to you,” Cas said with a smile. “You’re probably going to think this is cliche, but I thought it would look nice,” he slipped the corsage onto Dean’s wrist.
The crisp fall air bit at Dean’s heels as he made his way around the building. Cas saw him first and waived. Dean wrapped his jacket tighter around his torso.
Jack managed a wave in the midst of his puppy attack. The older man smiled and turned towards Cas.
“Nice to see you too, Eileen. Keeping Sam out of trouble?”
“Where were you guys?” Dean asked.
Dean wasn’t sure why, but the rough nature of the kid's voice made his knees feel weak. He couldn’t find the words to respond, so, instead, he just nodded. Then, he proceeded to stare like an idiot for a few seconds before the other boy spoke again.
“Claire and Kaia. Dean and I were close, but I got mixed up on a date in history, and we lost it on the last question,” Cas seemed disappointed.
“I’m sorry. What did I say?”
“Jack, is that you? Where’s Cas?”
“That’s ridiculous. You’re the full package, dude. I’ve told you this before. What more could they want?”
Monday (Cas POV)
Ok, so I wanted an excuse for Dean to call Cas a silly name, but it works. Cas likes bees, and that can extend to honey. Also, I admit that imagining Castiel as a small child with a stuffed Winnie the Pooh and a honeypot brought a huge smile to my face, and I needed that.
“It’s alright, Dean. We all have things we are anxious about,” Cas patted his shoulder.
_______________________________
“You and me both,” Dean gave a hollow laugh.
Cas just stared at him, and Jack burst out laughing.
Shaking his head, he picked Jack up and set him on the other side of the room with an open notebook and some crayons. He took the marker from him and set it back in the pile by the banner. Meanwhile, Dean was checking himself out in his phone camera.
“Yeah,” Dean responded, his train of thought taking him elsewhere as he wondered if Sammy actually did feel like that.
“Michael, I really think you should have some more faith in them,” Gabe said.
When Dean woke up the next morning, he did so to a weight on his chest and stomach. He opened his eyes to find Cas draped over him, drooling slightly. The initial reaction was a warm feeling from within him. It was partially the sense of security, but also because he was so goddamn proud of himself. A few months ago he had been closeted, scared, and depressed. He wouldn’t even allow himself to look at another guy the wrong way or risk exposure and shame. But now...he had the cutest person in existence cuddled up next to him, and he couldn’t care less what anyone else had to say about it. He smiled as he brushed some hair out of Cas’s face.The sleeping boy was so pretty, the light peeking in from the blinds giving him an angelic glow. It was a spectacle he hoped one day he could wake up to every morning. Of course, that was getting way ahead of himself.
“I’m so sorry. He had no right to treat you like that.”
Dean pondered this, but seeing how he had already exhausted himself emotionally, he didn’t feel like facing any more of his feelings. Masking was so much simpler, and it helped prevent him from a total meltdown. He could feel the volcano inside about to blow, so he needed to take preventative measures
“I guess.”
“Anyway,” Gabe turned back to his brother. “As I was saying, I’ll be heading out in a bit. I’ve left some money on the table for pizza. Raphael has his late class, so he won’t be home until nine probably. Michael is spending the night at his girlfriend’s place, but Hannah will be here to help with Jack. He’s napping right now, but I’m sure he’ll be up soon.”
“I don’t know. You could ask me more about Pride Alliance.”
“Why? I’m sure if you asked someone to dance, they’d say yes. I mean, look at you. You’re smart, you’re funny, you’re honest, and you’re…” Dean wanted to say that Castiel was one of the hottest guys in school, but he held his tongue, instead settling for “Well, let’s just say you’re a catch. It’s actually a surprise that I don’t see you fighting off admirers at school.”
The angel took a bite, and Dean was right. It was pretty damn good.
“Fuck, Sam. That hurt,” he snapped.
“Hey, bud,” Dean laughed as Jack’s arms wrapped around his leg. “What are you up to?”
“I’m really not.”
“Not much. It was more just to inform teachers what was going on. There was no plan outlined. Hence, I’m going to talk to him right now before he does anything stupid. I’m not a student, though, so I need backup.”
Dean felt a sinking sensation in his stomach. His brother really was relentless. It’s not that he didn’t want to tell him the truth. It's just...how would he react to the news?
“Yeah, it is,” Cas nuzzled closer.
“Hey,” Dean stood up and walked over to meet his brother on the porch. “Thanks for watching Miracle while I run some errands.”
“Yes, Sammy?” he lifted his brother’s hand off his leg and turned to face him.
“Well?”
“Jack! You know better,” Cas tried to use his best scolding voice, but the effort was futile as Dean’s face was too ridiculous, and he couldn’t stop smiling.
“Don’t worry about it. Seriously, just ignore us.”
“Devotion,” Dean admitted, “You’ve always been there for me. In addition to laughing at all my stupid jokes and complimenting me even when I look like crap, you also call me out on my bullshit and encourage me to do better because you see potential that I don’t always see myself. Plus, you give me confidence, and I feel at home with you,” he paused to lick his lips which were suddenly very dry. “It’s one thing to be in a relationship, but to fall in love with your best friend...well, that’s something else entirely, and it’s not a situation I take lightly.”
“Dean, I thought we were already going to the dance together.”
Sam tugged on Dean’s arm and led him and Cas in her direction to say hello. When Eileen caught sight of them, she paused her conversation and smiled.
“Anybody would mind. You’re just lucky Cas likes you enough to put up with it.”
“Besides, your friendship meant the world to me. Just being with you was enough.”
“Somewhere over the rainbow,” Dean gave an empty laugh. “As long as I’m away from here, I don’t fucking care.”
Cas punched him in the shoulder. Their teacher glanced up at the sudden “ouch” that came from Dean’s mouth, and he cocked an eyebrow. Cas smiled innocently until he looked away. Then, he extended his hand to Dean, motioning for him to return the piece of paper he had given him. At first, Dean was confused and felt like he had fucked something up, but then the other boy scratched something down and returned the page, causing him to nearly choke with laughter.
“What? I would never,” Dean tried to act offended, but Cas saw right through him. “Ok, you got me.”
“Um, it’s Dean. Dean Winchester.”
*TRIGGER WARNING* John is an asshole and a terrible father (obviously not new to anyone). Incidents of emotional abuse and some physical abuse (minor, but still). Please skip to the line “As the three of them exited the apartment complex” if you‘re not comfortable or simply do not wish to read.
Wow, it has been a long time since I last posted. I didn’t mean for such a long gap between chapters, but some stuff came up, and my mind has been all over the place. Anyway, I’m working on chapter 5 right now and should have that up soon too.
“What club are they a part of?”
Dean and Cas shared a look and nodded. Everyone gathered together and proceeded to make a bunch of awkward movements since none of them actually knew how to dance. It was so dumb and silly, but it had Dean grinning from ear-to-ear. What had him nearly bursting out laughing though was a sort of lip sync battle between Charlie and Crowley. Charlie took on “Cooler than Me” by Mike Posner when it came on, and she had dug into her purse to pull out sunglasses that she was then parading around in. Crowley afterwards bribed the DJ to play “For Your Entertainment” from Adam Lambert, and he was surprisingly good. Suddenly the outfit and persona didn’t seem so weird. It was actually kinda badass, and he could see how someone might find it a little bit hot. But he’d never admit to that. Even Cas seemed intrigued, so maybe they had all underestimated Crowley’s talent and appeal. Perhaps they should go see one of his shows.
“I’m not kidding. I asked him out today.”
“Castiel hates messes. He always cleans up after me,” he said.
“Heh, I guess not.”
“You have no idea ,” Dean yawned. “Shit, I might just skip the tv and go straight to bed. I should probably email Cas first, though. I promised I would.”
“Really? What about you and Eileen? Shouldn’t you be focused on doing something for your girlfriend?”
“Finding Nemo.”
“Sure. Uh, I’ll just hang out in the living room until I’m ready for bed. That way I won’t disturb you.”
“You know you’re always welcome here,” Cas smiled at him. “This is your home too.”
In lieu of words, Cas just laughed and kissed his nose. At that precise moment, Sam decided to snap a picture on his phone. The camera sound alerted Cas who pulled away, embarrassed but happier than Dean had ever seen him. Sam grinned at them both.
Cas shuffled out from under his blankets and crawled onto the bed. Dean moved over to make room for him, his breath catching a little when their arms brushed. Was this really happening? Him and Cas laying together in bed, no expectations, no agenda, just them enjoying the closeness. He had never done anything that intimate before with anyone. That may sound weird since he had full intercourse with people before, but he never felt as vulnerable during sex as he did in this moment. No words were even being spoken, yet he felt so emotionally exposed. His heart raced as Cas snuggled up to him.
Sent 10:55 p.m.
“I won’t lie. It threw me off a bit, but yes,” Cas muttered, “I’m just so happy.”
“Guilty.”
“I was overheating,” Cas replied. “It helped me regulate myself.”
“Yes, I know, and I don’t want to push you outside your comfort zone by any means,” there was a softness in his voice as he spoke, “I remember how hard it was trying to figure out who I was. It can be scary. Even if you don’t join, I want you to know that you’re welcome to reach out to me anytime if you have questions, need advice, or if you just want to talk.”
“What’s the occasion?” Sam asked.
“I’m not sure he was really into it,” Dean said.
“So what’s the status?”
“Formal wear. Jack and I even went out to get me a new suit for the occasion.”
“You don’t seem very excited about it.”
“Hey, what’s up? You called a lot sooner than I expected,” Gabriel asked as Cas popped into the passenger’s seat.
“So, where does this leave you guys?”
Upon their arrival, there was a long line of students outside the door, waiting to turn in their tickets for entry. The three of them joined and were pleasantly surprised when the person at the table sped through the crowd in nothing flat.
Well here’s the final part. Thank you so much to everyone that stuck around, despite my poor time management. I really appreciate the support. Like I said, this was my first Destiel fic, so I wasn’t sure what the response would be. I am so happy to see that it has been positive. I’m grateful for you all.
“Actually, it’s ‘he.’ My boyfriend,” Dean answered, awkwardly (this whole casual coming out thing would never get any easier.)
“You must understand that this does not reflect the school’s view or my own, but Ms. Shurley believes drawing attention to sexuality encourages students to...well, let’s just say she thinks the topic is more adult-oriented, and she views teenagers as being too young to be thinking about stuff like that. Of course I recognize the ignorance in that, and I think it is important for students to be open about who they are, but I’m afraid there’s not much I can do. I’ve tried consulting with her individually, but we couldn’t come to an agreement. I terminated her membership in the PTA for misconduct, but that unfortunately hasn’t deterred her. And now it seems she’s found reinforcements.”
“As far as I know, he has no idea.”
Dean comes over to Cas's house where he meets Gabriel and Jack for the first time. Cas shares a story from a past friendship that went south. Jack runs a little experiment, leaving Dean hopeful that this thing with Cas may not be one-sided.
John must’ve missed it because he kept talking.
“Right, now promise you won’t tell Cas about the surprise. If he asks, just say I called to check up on you and to say I love you.”
John nodded. Dean bit his lip. This wasn’t a total lie since he and Cas were going as part of Pride Alliance, but it also wasn’t the truth that he had promised his boyfriend he would tell. He could just come right out and say it, but this was a rare occasion to spend time with his father and Sammy without all the drama. Was it so bad to want to enjoy that for awhile before he tore a hole in his relationship with his dad? Perhaps he could plant a seed and elaborate later. After dinner they could go tinker with the Impala or something. Dean had noticed a weird rattling noise as of late. They’d have to drive to their friend Bobby’s salvage yard for that though because they didn’t have the space available without a personal garage. It wasn’t far from there, probably forty-five minutes, but it was already getting late, and his dad probably wouldn’t want to go out that night. He’d wait till morning. Dean wasn’t sure if he’d last that long without breaking. Damn….ok, he didn’t want to do this in front of Sammy, so maybe they could have a movie night, and Sam could pretend to go to bed early? He probably wouldn’t want to watch Tombstone anyway which was their dad’s go-to. That might work. He needed a segue though. Quickly, while his dad was occupied cooking the chicken, he whipped out his phone and typed a message to Sam, explaining his plan. Sam winked to show he understood.
“I’m not looking at porn if that’s what you’re thinking,” Dean grumbled. “It’s just something for Cas.”
“But it’s a classic. You have to watch it. That’s our next date night, I’ve already decided.”
“Why would I do that?” he seemed a little insulted.
“Judging by how red you are right now, I wouldn’t say it’s nothing,” John grinned.
“I think they’re from Cas,” Sam said over his shoulder as he popped some toast into the toaster.
Yes, the principal is Metatron. I don’t like him.
“Ok?”
In retrospect, his father may have had a point. Dean certainly wasn’t like the other kids, and he’d be lying if he said he didn’t look at some of the other boys the way he was told he should look at girls. It was not like he never looked at girls, though. Girls were hot, and he had always been comfortable with the idea of dating them. Hell, he had multiple girlfriends in his life thusfar, and he had no complaints. He’d even be happy marrying a girl and having kids with her. Still, he had just been looking at Castiel like he was the most dazzling specimen he had ever laid eyes on, so what the fuck did that mean? It certainly didn’t seem like the reaction of a straight man, but...god, this was all kinds of confusing.
“Maybe you’re just making it harder for yourself.”
“Yeah. Uh, Cas said you might have some questions, so I just want to let you know that you can ask me stuff if you want.”
“Dean’s going with some friends,” Sam cut in. “So, he will be hanging out with them.”
“Could you maybe just raise your hands a little?” Cas responded shyly. “It’s just that I’m ticklish.”
“Alright then just a sec. I’ll be back.”
“Do you even have a date?”
“I think you look very handsome, Dean. You should stick with this.”
“Ok,” now that the initial shock was over, Cas was grinning from ear to ear.
“Gabe, I’m serious.”
Sam wasn’t convinced, Dean could tell, but he nevertheless dropped the interrogation act.
Sam and Dean returned home to a surprising sight that afternoon. Their father was not only conscious, but he was sober and experimenting with something in the kitchen. A cookbook and an array of ingredients were laid out before him. Dean had never seen his dad make much of anything but frozen meals since their mom died, so naturally he was in disbelief. His jaw nearly dropped when John smiled at them both and motioned for them to join him. The boys dropped their bags by the door, and hesitantly approached. Noticing their reactions, their dad laughed.
(See the end of the chapter for
“So, you’re both liars,” there was fire in John’s eyes.
“First grade? Why the hell did you need an email at age seven?”
“Of course I am. But compared to the congregation as a whole, this group has been much better at taking me in as I am. It took some soul searching at first, but everyone seems to be onboard now. Some are actually pretty outspoken on queer issues these days which can be both a blessing and a curse depending on the circumstances.”
“I know, and we will, but dude, you’ve been through so much emotionally, and this is a big deal for you. We just wanted you to see how much we love and support you both.”
“You’re not just saying that because you want to steal from my plate, are you?”
“And the school doesn’t give you shit for any of it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sex appeal really isn’t the priority right now, Jack. I’m trying to get Dean to marry me, not get him into bed. I don’t need a fancy suit for that anyway. I walk into the room with bedhead, and that’s all it takes. No, I think I should do something tasteful. Also, something where if I breathe, the buttons on the shirt won’t come loose.”
“Hell....ok. I’ll talk to Cas. But why didn’t you reach out to him directly? Or Charlie. They’re the leaders of PA.”
I am so sorry it took this long to get this posted. It’s been hectic lately.
“Hopefully on Friday?” Castiel grinned at him.
“Thank you, Dean. It makes me happy to know that I have had a positive influence on your life.  However,” he bit his lip, “I must admit that it is not entirely selfless. I often find myself looking for any excuse to check in. I rather enjoy our talks. They are the best part of my day.”
“You get a hold of Cas?” Sam asked as he and Eileen were putting away the dishes from lunch.
“Eventually.”
“Wait, you slept? Since when…” Sam watched, curiously, as Cas reached for a banana and began to unpeel it. “And you’re eating? You don’t usually eat unless it’s to keep up an appearance in public. Is there something wrong with your grace?”
Cas leans forward, and for one dizzying moment, Dean thinks he's going to kiss him. He doesn't. He mouths along Dean's throat, his beard rasping against Dean's skin. Dean sees his other self arrested by the still open windows, before closing his eyes and stretching his neck to the side to give Cas better access. Cas moves lower and pulls Dean's left nipple into his mouth. He bites at it perfectly, exactly as hard as Dean always wants it and never asks for, until Dean's breathing is completely wrecked. Back in Maine, for one completely delusional moment in Baby, when Dean had been setting up his stupid, stupid plan, Dean had thought about coaching Cas through something like this. He'd envisioned taking Cas's hand and setting it on his ribs and showing him how to touch him. He hadn't, he'd set the thought aside immediately, but this Cas knows how without needing any guidance.
Dean had fit him all in his mouth, nice and easy, no teasing. Cas wasn't fully hard yet, so there wasn't a lot of stretch, which was good because Dean's deep-throating days—well, it was better not to think about them now. He tasted almost strangely clean, like he was straight out of the shower, no hint of salt from sweat. Dean rubbed his hands along Cas's thighs again, feeling the muscles tense and relax. Cas's cock lengthened in his mouth, and Dean choked a bit, before sliding back and bringing his hand up to help.
"You do know what to do with that, don't you, Dean?" Cas asks.
"Plenty of humans have survived until now," Cas points out, plopping himself down on his couch, before wiggling around to get properly comfortable. "It's not just vermin and junk food."
In reply, Cas jumps off the bed, yanks the top drawer of his dresser open, pulls out an intimidatingly large bottle of lube, and flings it at the other Dean. He barely catches it by the tips of his fingers. Dean wishes for a second that he'd gotten beaned in the face, before Cas is back on the bed, shimmying his pants off. Cas makes his way to Dean and sets his hands on Dean's knees. Deliberately, he spreads them and then brushes his hands down the center of his thighs, before rubbing his thumbs over his hips.
Sick of all the foreplay, Dean reached out and unzipped Cas's pants. He hadn't done something like this since before he'd gone to Hell, so, depending on how Dean looked at it, it'd been either a very long time, or barely any time at all. Dean was right about his effect on Cas; his blindingly white boxers weren't doing much to hide the hint of a hard-on. Not so junkless after all.
"You don't have to," Cas says, casually. He rubs his thumb back and forth on Dean's leg exactly the same way he'd stroked Dean's face back in Maine.
"What's for dinner?" he asks, and it's like it never happened.
It didn't take that much longer before Cas came down Dean's throat. No warning, but since the guy was probably experiencing his very first orgasm, Dean didn't exactly want to give him a hard time even in the presumed privacy of his own head. He swallowed, because Dean could be a gentleman and because spitting everything all out on the floor might give the wrong impression to Raphael. And then, Dean had immediately got up and retreated back to Baby with all the dignity he could muster with a semi. He had rinsed the taste of Cas off his tongue with beer and resolutely didn't shove his own hand down his pants. Cas didn't follow him out and didn't say anything to him, not that night and not after. Obedient to Dean's orders, or, more likely, it had meant about as much to Cas as it had to Dean and so there was nothing to say.
Cas was so warm in his mouth, filled it up so nicely. Cas was making little hitching noises every time he exhaled, but, with his eyes closed, that was the only real sign Cas was feeling anything. For a first blowjob, his hips were inhumanly still, no pressing himself deeper inside of Dean. Dean thought about it, about what it would take for Cas's control to break. For him to grab Dean by the hair and pull him into position to fuck his mouth. Make it so he couldn't think straight, just exist, feeling whatever Cas wanted to make him feel. Dean moaned a little, shifting forward to try to get some friction from his pants on his own dick, and then refocused.
"You can have mine," Cas says.
Dean should really get out of the middle of whatever psychosexual drama is playing out between the two of them. Somehow he'd blundered into a situation where he understands Cas way more than he gets himself. But his dad was right about weed making you stupid too, because Dean just sits there, feeling the heat of Cas's broad palm seep down onto his thigh.
Dean's mind immediately jumps to the orgies—do not pass Go, do not collect $200—and a vision of a naked Cas, head bowed over a girl, her hands lost in his dark hair, and with another woman draped over his broad back, biting encouragement into his shoulder. Only the fact that his life regularly depends on being able to hide his emotions, and so he's invested a considerable amount of time in training himself out of his knee-jerk reactions, keeps his blush down.
The sandwich is dry without quite enough jam. Crunchy peanut butter isn't his favorite, but he's never been much of a chooser when it came to this kind of crap. Peanut butter, whatever kind was in stock at a gas station, had been the kind of thing he'd gone for back in the day. It never went all that bad, it was easy to shuffle around from motel to motel in a duffle, and had enough protein in it that it'd stop Sammy's stomach from rumbling if there wasn't anything better on offer. Dean'd had endless PB and Fluff sandwiches when Sam had been on that marshmallow fluff kick; remembering, his latest bite almost sticks in his throat.
Cas maneuvers his terrible twin down onto the couch and sits right down next to him. He looks at Dean and pats the cushion on the other side. Dean shakes his head. He should be full on jittery from adrenaline, all keyed up, but the weed and the shitty beer have taken too much of the edge off. More proximity to Cas—to either of them—is a dumb as fuck idea when he's like this. Then Cas scowls at him, and while Dean likes to believe he's built up an immunity to Castiel's wrathful Angel of the Lord glare, he hasn't, and he goes and sits down obligingly anyway. The couch isn't exactly made to fit three grown men comfortably, and he can feel Cas's body heat all along his side.
At some point, Cas had finished with his own sorry meal, including meticulously licking off all the crumbs from his plate, and that clearly means it's open season on staring at Dean hours. Dean opens his mouth more while chewing and grins at him obnoxiously. He doesn't waver, fixated again, his angelic patience on full display.
"What are you, my babysitter?" Dean asks. There's nothing under his dick of an older self's pillow, which figures because that's the first place he'd stash something. "Gonna tell on me if I stay up past my bedtime and don't eat my veggies?"
"Woah, buy a guy dinner first," Dean says.
"For someone that grew up mainly in motels, you're always so fastidious about bedding," Cas replies. "But yes, I did. I had plans."
There is nothing Dean hates more in that moment than himself.
"I thought you said we didn't have all day," Cas says right against Dean's chest, his warm breath puffing against Dean's oversensitive nipple. He pinches it between his fingers, nails digging in, until Dean's back arches.
"Then where were you?"
"He's been here the whole time," Cas says from closer by. When did he come over to them? "There's no need to ‘flip out' because the camp didn't see him."
"And am I a liar?" Dean asked.
"I thought it was funny."
"Dean," Cas warns. "You know that I—"
Cas drops his hand, Dean kicks the carpet back into place, and they sit there in silence for a long time, exchanging the joint back and forth. The sounds of the camp filter through the sorry excuse for a door: a Jeep backfiring here, an unfamiliar man's voice yelling there. Birds calling to each other. Cas redirects his gaze to the ceiling at some point and stretches his left arm out against the back of the couch, shoving his sleeve up, and bringing his knee up against his chest. He looks peaceful, like he's blown out every single piece of tension in his body along with the smoke.
"It's a reference," Dean mutters and takes a hit. It's been a while, but he's not about to fuck it up and cough all over the place.
"Dean," Cas said, the other thing in the room that could destroy him if he looked at it too long, pulling the holy oil out of his grasp. "This was very difficult to obtain. I don't want you to drop it." And, miracle of miracles, rather than jumping right into motion, he'd set down the vase on the table and himself down on the dinky chair.
The key thing is: it doesn't matter. Dean already knows that he's not going to let any future with a dead Sam play out to the end. None of this is really real. So whatever mistake he makes with Cas—will make with Cas—whatever wrong turn he takes in the future, it's all going to be erased. And he wants Cas. He wanted Cas, he has wanted Cas, and, judging from how his future self eyes Cas now, he will continue to want Cas. He's not exactly in the habit of denying himself the things he lets himself know he wants, not without a reason, and he forgot all of them the minute Cas touched him.
Cas, on the other hand, is not keeping his eyes on the fucking prize. He'd shed his jacket and his shirt, revealing several mouth-shaped bruises along his collarbone, but he still has pants on. Like a man with a plan, Cas zeroes in on Dean and maneuvers him up against the headboard, propped up by some of those stupid decorative pillows from the living room, the bed creaking out a counterpoint melody to the sounds of their breathing.
The fearless leader shit is starting to really piss Dean off, which is obviously why Cas does it. For all that he's changed, he's still got his fingers on all Dean's buttons. Cas licks the joint closed efficiently, nothing showy about it. Dean shifts around on the couch and thinks about unearthing the cooler for another regrettable beer. Cas lights it and takes a long pull, eyes closing in divine ecstasy. It's the closest Dean's seen him to genuinely happy the whole time he's been cooped up in this fucking camp. Dean flips the corner of the rug up with his foot.
"Oh, I see, we're the substitute for your orgy crew. What happened, you accidentally mix up what a fire sign and earth sign means, and they saw through all your bullshit?"
Dean takes it and examines the joint. It's well-done, tidy, better than the crap he'd smoked as a kid.
Lunch turned out to be PB&J sandwiches, a handful of slightly stale tortilla chips, and a carefully divided Twinkie split between the two of them.
"I don't know," Dean says, not entirely lying. His line of work doesn't respect the concept of weekends or business hours, and the days all kind of smear into each other after a while. But he knows what Cas is really asking here.
"Maine," Dean admits.
"Bad angle," his other self rasps from somewhere in the room.
Cas does something uncategorizable with the flat of his tongue. Dean can't take it any more, the pleasure unbearable, and comes, groaning. When Cas doesn't relent and he tangles his fingers further in Cas's hair, unsure if he's pulling him closer or pushing him away, most of his force of will focused on keeping his eyes open as instructed.
Completely ignored, Dean averts his gaze, stomach flipping over, and shuffles off the bed. None of his clothes are where he'd expect them. He's pretty sure the socks he grabs are his only in the future, but he can't bear to stay to witness this for another second. This shit is why he sleeps in his clothes in motels: faster getaways. By the time they emerge from the bedroom after him, Dean's fully dressed and has drained another beer dry.
Cas notices. At some time during those five years, he must have picked up some decoder ring to translate human to winged dick, because he softens his gaze enough that Dean doesn't feel like his skin is about to peel off under its weight. The gun, when he passes it over, is warm from his body heat. It's loaded, of course; Dean checks the safety and slips it into the back of his waistband in one practiced motion.
“I’m not sure if I’d phrase it like that.”
“At all.”
“Yeah, probably,” the man said. “Usually there’s a little sheet inside the box that tells you what everything is.”
“Maybe you two should head home,” Charlie suggested.
“I still can’t believe you didn’t order dessert. That’s so unlike you,” Cas said on the drive home.
Castiel
"I don't know that either."
“Not exactly,” Dean gulped. “Um, earlier you asked me about Cas’s club, and I said that it wasn’t really my thing. That wasn’t exactly true. Actually, I’ve been a part of it all along.”
Meanwhile, Cas also couldn’t sleep. Dean didn’t know if it was because the boy could sense the restless energy radiating from him or if he had something else on his mind. Rolling over on his side, Dean reached down to nudge his shoulder.
“We promise to update you as soon as we know more,” Cas tried to lessen the blow, but Sam was clearly furious by this decision.
“Once I saw the hint of reciprocation, I wanted to. Believe me. But I panicked. I couldn’t bear the thought of disappointing you.”
“I’d appreciate that,” Dean said with a smile. “But to answer your question, I do want to go. It’s just a matter of coming to terms with the concept,” he hesitated a little before continuing. “I think a part of me has always known something was up, but I’ve never gotten the chance to really explore it or have anyone validate it, so it’s all just a lot at once you know?”
Cas pulled out Dean’s chair for him before proceeding to his own seat.
“You’re not some tool, Dean. And you’re not a coward for taking care of yourself,” Cas said firmly. “That said, I’m not going to stop you from participating if you really want to,” he sighed. “Just know that you don’t have to say anything to them.”
By the time the bell rang, Dean had exerted so much mental effort towards remaining present that he was exhausted. It seemed in vain too considering anything he heard in class pretty much went out the door the second he locked eyes with Cas. He hoped he had the strength to handle whatever it was his friend wanted to say. He had seemed nervous earlier, but not somber like he had at the mall. That was a good sign, right? Maybe this attempt to “reopen the issue from Monday” meant Cas had changed his mind. Dean didn’t want to get too excited, but he was definitely feeling better about where the two of them stood.
“Yes, but there’s more to a relationship than just liking someone, Sammy. He said we should take some time to think before we pursue anything.”
“Jack got some marker on Dean’s face, and I was helping him clean up. I didn’t mean to, but I guess I held my hand on his face too long, and the way he looked at me...he said he was thinking about kissing me.”
Back in the Impala, Dean sat staring at the open box, the honeybee ring shining back at him. It was beautiful and so...well, so Cas. A huge smile spread across Dean's face. He couldn't wait for Valentine's Day.
“Does what matter?”
The meeting lasted a bit longer than Cas had promised, but that was ok. The conversation was dedicated mostly to gratitude, so everyone went around talking about the things they were thankful for in their lives. Cas was second to last to speak as Dean would be the closer. He listened intently and admired the glow on his boyfriend’s face as he described the love and support of his family and friends. He noted the flushing of pink when his own name was mentioned first as a peer and then as a partner. He shifted a little as eyes fell on him, the idea clicking in everyone’s brains that he wasn’t just a friend Cas had brought along. He wouldn’t make eye contact with any of them, although Cas would assure him later on that most had huge smiles on their faces.
He looked back at Dean.
______________
“Because apparently it’s ok to express yourself unless you’re gay,” Dean snapped.
“I’m not sure I understand.”
“I can’t get anything past you,” he mumbled.
After Gabriel kicked him out, Michael trudged upstairs. It had been a crazy day, and he too could use rest. Right before entering his room, he glanced at Jack’s door which was caty-cornered from his. It was open as Cas had promised, and he could hear the slight rumble of snoring. His brother didn’t snore, so it must’ve been one of the other boys. Perhaps the boyfriend…
Biting his lip, he thought about Cas and how much he wanted this to work out so that he could become closer to him. Whether or not it would evolve into anything romantic, he wanted to know everything there was to know about that kid. Something about him was just so damn intriguing, and Dean couldn’t get enough from the few minutes of socializing they had available before fifth period (technically they could talk at lunch, but Dean could never find him in the mass of people). Also, on some level, he sensed that Castiel might need a friend too. The guy spent all his time trying to make his brothers proud and taking care of his peers that he rarely had the opportunity to relax and vent his problems to someone that cared. Earlier in the week, he had said something about how people sometimes needed a shoulder to lean on, so why not lean on each other? That thought kept him going until the end of the day.
“Go wait in the library. We’ll meet you there later,” Dean asserted as he climbed out of the car. “Come on, Cas.”
“You can’t tell Dean, but yes,” Cas carefully opened the box to reveal a silver ring with a sparkling blue crystal in the middle and some unusual symbols along the band.
______________
“You know, jock types. Most of the people around here are your outspoken activists and nerds like Cas.”
“Dean, just take a deep breath. This isn’t a service.”
His partner reluctantly followed.
“You’re a menace,” he responded as he left the room.
“Ok,” Dean wasn’t really convinced, but perhaps on one condition he’d be alright with it. “But if anyone is sleeping on the floor, it should be me. This is my fault anyway.”
“Jerk,” Sam grumbled.
“My partner will probably enjoy the blue, yes.”
“Valentine’s Day.”
“Cas, no,” Dean had confusion and a hint of fear in his eyes.
“I can’t, Dean,” his friend eventually said.
“I know, it’s cheesy, but it’s the first Valentine’s Day where we actually have time for ourselves. The world’s not ending, and we don’t have any pressing cases lined up. I want to do something for him other than making PB&J sandwiches which I know he only eats to make me happy or having sex in different places like in the shower or in the back of the Impala.”
“We saw each other this afternoon,” Cas responded fondly.
“Yes, I know, but with Chuck gone, and the world slowly returning to normalcy, I just thought...well aside from Sam’s brief experience with demon blood, the Winchesters have gone their entire lives without special abilities, and they are still the strongest and bravest beings I have met. They’re clever and skilled in battle, and their determination is beyond anything I’ve ever seen. When you lost your powers, they taught you how to fight. They can teach me too. I’ve already learned so much from them both since raising Dean from hell. So, being human wouldn’t make me powerless.”
His brother nodded.
“Which part? When you fell asleep on my shoulder?” Dean tried to joke because he was getting nervous (why, he didn’t know).
(Sam: "And again".)
As he turned the corner from the locker room, Dean was surprised, but a bit relieved, to bump into Cas who was heading out from his classroom and in the same direction. The boy smiled upon seeing him, but then proceeded to tease Dean about his hair which, due to the shower he had taken after gym, was drying into a frizzy mess. A part of him wanted to retort his comments, but the sound of Cas’s laugh was too cute to silence for the sake of his ego. Dean could take the hit just this once.
Cas’s eyes widened and his mouth hung open a little.
As Claire emerged, all heads turned towards her. It was rare that Claire wore anything other than a T-shirt and her signature leather jacket, so her being dressed up was certainly a sight to behold. That said, she looked pretty damn good. Huge smiles spread across everyone’s faces upon seeing how surprisingly comfortable and confident she appeared. Kaia, especially, was very impressed with her girlfriend’s selection. Dean watched, fondly, as she kissed Claire’s cheek and whispered something in her ear that made her blush. He’d never admit it, but he admired those two and their relationship. Maybe one day he would have something like that too.
Dean comes clean, John isn’t thrilled
Dean could sense the anxiety suddenly radiating off him, and he made note of how stiff Cas’s body was. He recalled the story of his friend coming out and how Michael had been slow to accept his sexuality. Supposedly, he had been getting better, but since Dean was his brother’s first real boyfriend, Dean assumed some of his hesitance was coming back. Afterall, it was one thing to be aware of it and another to see his brother act on those feelings. That would explain Cas’s reaction. He was scared that Michael would disapprove.
“Alright. I’ll let Michael know. But if you wanna go, you better start getting ready.”
“I’ll be ok, I think.”
______________
Dean tripped on Sam’s feet on that second round. He cursed under his breath. Sam reassured him that it would be alright, and rewound the song. The second time, Dean got it perfectly.
“No, I’m not. Shut up.”
“No, I get it. Families tease,” he mumbled. “S’all good. I was just thinking.”
“So, what’s your deal, darling?” he asked.
“Oh, right,” Dean cleared his throat, “Sammy, this is my friend, Castiel. Cas, this is my brother, Sam.”
“Saving room,” Dean responded.
“Hey stranger,” Dean greeted.
As the impala neared his family’s apartment later that day, Dean felt his hands becoming clammy and his heart beating rapidly in his chest. It wasn’t like he hadn’t expected to be nervous- that was just a given with something like this- but it was a lot worse in the moment than he could’ve imagined. In fact, he felt like he was on the verge of panicking. Maybe he should just call it off. Yeah, he could just keep on as he was, and if Sammy ever became suspicious or he saw Dean with the Pride Alliance, he could just say that he was an ally. He’s just being a good friend because Cas is gay. Sam wouldn’t have a problem with Dean having queer friends. It didn’t mean anything about his own sexuality. Of course, that would just mean more lying, and like he had revealed earlier, he was sick of maintaining this false narrative. It was suffocating. But what if Sam rejected him? He was usually a pretty laid back and accepting guy, but stuff changes when family is involved. Dean could handle any rumors or stares at school if he was “out”, but Sam was his brother, and his acceptance was critical. Without it, Dean wasn’t sure if he’d be able to cope, especially if (god forbid) they ended up moving again. Sighing, he remembered what Castiel had said about taking control and how this was supposed to be empowering. No matter what Sam said, it wouldn’t change Dean’s truth, so he had to make peace with whatever outcome. Easier said than done…
"Sam, you swore not to tell anyone."
“And...” the principal glanced at Dean. “I apologize, I don’t think we’ve been introduced.
“It’s not like I really have a choice,” Dean smirked, “Hurry before you piss yourself.”
Ok, maybe he was being a little hard on himself. He was getting all worked up over hypotheticals. As long as he showed his willingness to learn and try, things should be ok. Patience was also important. Be patient, show devotion even in difficult situations.
“Come on. We don’t have long before we are needed back in the competition hall.” Dean groaned and whined a little bit, and Cas was sure that if he ever questioned him about it, he would completely deny ever making that sound; but Dean did eventually relent, and the two walked back to the fairgrounds. What they didn’t notice, however, was that Betty was hiding behind one of the trees in the orchard after having followed them out there.
I heard yesterday that Sam was in Erudite now, I don’t like the leader there, but Sam must have turned out to be super smart. I hope that he will fit in well with them. Lucifer can be relentless if he doesn’t like you. As much as I would love to see my son, I don’t want him to be thrown on the streets to live the life that I tried so hard to keep him from.
Chapter 9: Conversations and Plans
I noticed that there aren’t any old people here, maybe after you get so old they throw you out, I know there’s no way a fifty or sixty year old could jump from trains and fight the way these people do. The leaders seem to be only in their forties. The main guy, Gordon, is very gruff but seems to want to see us succeed. Uriel is his second. He only seems to want to see us fail and Dauntless born to succeed. It turns out they have a new rule. If you don’t end up high enough on the leaderboard after training, they can cut you. So I may still end up factionless.
Of course, Naomi wouldn’t make that easy. She wanted to help him in the kitchen. He actually lost count of how many times he had to remind her that the doctor said there could be permanent damage if she overdid it. That would normally be enough to give her pause, but it was pumpkin pie season, and the bake off hung in the balance. Eventually, she did concede and went home to brood and drive her husband, Chuck, a little further up the wall.
“Of course, Cas.” That was all it took and Cas was out of the car and looking back over his shoulder at Dean in a way that if Dean didn’t know any better, he would assume it was seductive.
Chapter 4: Assistance
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
There was a moment when Castiel thought he had everything right. Then a customer came in, and his attention was on the front. It hadn’t taken long to get the nice elderly lady her coffee and danish, but it was long enough for his latest attempt to be in the oven too long and start to smoke. He went running to the back and opened the oven, which just released the rest of the smoke into the bakery, which in turn set off the fire alarms and alerted the fire department to his failures as a baker.
Dean was confident, sometimes too confident, but he cared about his family and his business. His heart might not have been in the contest at the beginning, but once he accepted the challenge, everyone knew that he would put his all into it. If he didn’t win, no one could say it was because he hadn’t tried. His family needing to win was not what was really driving him; it was the challenge, and maybe the chance to one up a Novak.
“Like I get it, my mom hurt your mom, but the things that Naomi said to her were hurtful too. They were both horrible to each other, and they have both said things to each other over the last year that I wouldn’t say to someone who ran over my dog. I know I don’t really have a dog, Cas; don’t look at me like that.” Cas was beginning to get exasperated, and every now and then, he caught a glimpse of his brother and Sam in the other room. He wished that one of them would come back so that maybe Dean would stop his rant, even if they couldn’t really hold a real conversation at the moment, but he could completely understand why Gabe and Sam had gone in the other room.
I flinch, but get myself back under control and continue to follow my line to get my weapon. Once we have those, we load a train. It is once again stopped. The reason for that is probably that everyone is moving like zombies and wouldn’t be able to jump on it fast enough. There is a Dauntless leader stationed at every door helping us on. We are then lined up inside, without hardly any room to breathe, let alone move. Once I am in my line, it's hard to see those that aren’t immediately beside or in front of me. Cas’s height is the only reason that he is visible several lines ahead of me. I’m both relieved and worried by the fact that he is here. If he wasn’t then the leaders would know what I have suspected for a while, that he is divergent as well, the fact that he’s here either means he is playing the system like I am and hoping to somehow make it out undetected, or the worse option, that he is under the control of the simulation that is causing all of Dauntless to act like robots.
The bakery was obviously falling apart. Dean had seen that when he was there before, but now Castiel felt like he was falling apart. He had thought a lot about Dean, and probably not in the way he should have been. He was terrified he would do something that would give away his thoughts. He needed to focus on saving the bakery. When everyone around him wasn’t focused on Dean Winchester, then maybe he would be able to focus on something else, also.
“Wow, Cas, you really know your way around a presentation.” Dean was impressed and it showed, but Dean being impressed with Cas wasn’t what he needed. He needed to make the bread and make it a winner. This truce they had might not come to an end in the next round, and if that was the case, then he hoped that Dean would also help him with learning how to make a pie. He had definitely learned more from Dean than he had from his mother. That didn’t strictly limit itself to the baking, but that was neither here nor there.
“I’m going to help him to his room. I want to be in on this conversation, but he needs to lay down and try to sleep this off a bit.”
Dean had wanted to expand the restaurant but his mother hadn’t wanted to go that route, but after she healed the relationship with Naomi, Mary decided that it would be okay if he wanted to try. She ended up teaming up with Naomi at her bakery and they changed the name to Make or Bake It. They felt that the Pumpkin Pie Bake Off had broken and then reshaped their friendship and wanted something that would tie into the struggles that they had been through over the years.
I explain to him that my mom and dad died today. He looks at Bobby and Ellen and then back to me, I tell him that no, my real mom and dad died. He tells me that they loved me, and for them there was no better way to show me. I tell him that we have nothing now. We have no home, we have no faction, and I don’t even know who I am anymore. He pulls back to look me in the eyes and says that he knows exactly who I am. I ask him if he’s sure about that. I mean after all he doesn’t know what happened during my escape, he doesn’t know that I killed Andrea, he doesn’t know that I’m the reason that both of my parents are dead, but he tells me that yes, he is sure. He pulls me back into his arms and we just ride.
“Yeah, that’s a good idea. Maybe after he sleeps a bit we can still talk. We have a few ideas, but nothing that seems like it would be any better than things that have been tried before. I know dad tried for a long time to get them to move past this, and it didn’t work.” Sam looked back to Gabe, who had a strange look on his face, but didn’t say anything else. Cas decided that was his cue to leave and went back to leading Dean up the stairs.
Part Eleven: Training
“I guess my biggest problem is that it just isn’t fair. It’s not fair that we have had to hide everything that we’ve done, even when we were only friends. They were able to talk and hang out from the very beginning, not sneak around at bakeries after midnight or behind ride trucks at the fairgrounds. I hate keeping us a secret Cas, this, you, it’s the first time I’ve ever really cared about letting people know.” They had already arrived at Cas’s house, but Dean wanted to get all of this out. He was afraid that if he waited that it would be pushed back under the rug like he usually tried to do with his feelings, but this was too important, Cas was too important.
This made Dean mad enough that he was a little reckless, walking up and snagging Cas’s arm when Gabe had stepped away to go to the restroom. It was the only opportunity that he had seen, and he wasn’t going to miss it. “What? Dean, I'm already worried about Gabe. If he comes back and I’m gone, then he will definitely come looking for me.”
I pull the knife from his hand and the screen and hold it to his throat, telling him, yet again, to shut it down. He says that he admires that I am willing to die for what I am trying to do, but so is he. He calls me out, saying that I can’t kill him. I’m running out of time, the members of Dauntless that are showing on the screen have their guns aimed at Abnegation. I look around the room and take in what is showing on each of the screens, but as I’m doing this I see one of the simulation pods lying on the floor, and I get an idea. He says that maybe I’m not quite as Dauntless as I thought I was, and while he meant it as something derogatory, I take it as a compliment. I tell him he’s right, I’m not, I’m divergent.
They were definitely going to have a talk. Cas could see it in his eyes that something was brewing just underneath, where it could really mean anything. He just hoped it wouldn’t mean their distraction wasn’t going to work, because if Gabe thought that they were up to something, then he would be even more diligent. Cas knew that when his brother was onto something, it was only a matter of time before he figured out what was going on. He was just going to have to be more careful, as hard as that was going to be.
I can’t really dwell on it for long, we have to get back to our training. We are all in the pit area fighting. I get called up again. This time it’s against Caleb. He’s a little closer to my size, but I haven’t really got the fighting part of our training down yet. Cas gives me a few more pointers before I go up, but it doesn’t help much. I attack first and try to watch his feet, but I still go down hard. I look up in time to watch Cas walk away, right before my head gets kicked and it all goes black.
I guess my body gives up on finding a place to be alone to break down. I lose it and start crying. I tell him that it’s my fault, but he argues that no, it wasn’t because of me. That it was Garth’s choice. It was his choice to attack me last night and it was his choice to take his life today. He tells me that Garth would have been factionless, that he wasn’t going to make it past the final test. I tell him that neither am I. That gets his attention and he levels me that stare that should probably be intimidating, but I only find endearing.
“You won’t be carrying me anywhere, you damn lumberjack. Just make me a drink.”
Benny comes out after taking out his own guy and we raise the flag together. I guess Uriel will have to accept defeat. I know that he doesn’t like me, but he’s going to have to deal with me, at least for a little bit longer. We laugh as we keep waving that ugly orange flag, then we head down to join the others of our group that are gathering around the base of the building. As we are walking back to the train, Cas pulls away to talk to some of the other members of Dauntless while I’m taken aside and asked to go back another way. I’m told that it’s an initiation of sorts and when I look over at Cas, he looks back and acts like I didn’t just catch him staring at me. There wasn’t any worry in his eyes though, so it must not be anything too bad.
Cas tells him that he isn’t as smart as he thinks he is, and I watch for him to finally lose his patience. I ask him why he’s doing this, why he’s killing innocent people. He seems to be taken aback. He doesn’t see them as innocent people. He says that if Abnegation remains unchecked, that they will destroy the faction system. It’s like he remembers who he’s talking to as he then turns it on us. He says that the same can be said of both of us, if someone doesn’t stop us, then all will be lost. Cas is reasonably upset by this and tells him that it’s already been lost, that Lucifer himself has destroyed it. He still honestly believes that he has been called upon to protect the city from divergents like us. This is evident in his continued flow of crap about how divergents are going to destroy everything, and people like him have to step up and protect everyone.
Dean chuckled. “It really wasn’t that big a secret, but you did really well in the first round.” He meant it. The muffins he had seen looked really good and didn’t resemble the charred mess that now covered the baking table in the back of A Slice Of Heaven.
I look over at Cas, he winks at me and turns back to his friends. I’m kind of dumb founded, I just stare at him until Benny jostles my arm and gets me back to the present. I had never realized how beautiful he is. I need to get myself together.
Maybe he knows that I’m not a complete loser. Then again, he may think I’m horrible and really just want the sympathy like Uriel says. I really don’t know what the guy is thinking at this point, but I find myself being more and more interested in him the more time that I spend with him. He is mysterious and that is part of it, but he seems like he puts on an act. I don’t think that he’s the badass that he wants everyone to believe. Okay, so he really is a badass, maybe hard ass is the word I was looking for. For some reason, I really feel like he isn’t that bad. Maybe it’s just me, who knows?
“That was my crust. She took your pie idea and my crust. She must have thought she didn’t have a chance at beating us, otherwise.” Dean was sure his face showed his emotion, but he wasn’t quite sure what that emotion really was.
As Gabe and Sam entered the competition hall, Sam noticed that Dean and Cas were already at their respective places and nothing seemed to be out of the ordinary. He was thankful for that, and the fact that they both seemed fairly well put together, so nothing too major had happened on their little walk in the woods.
“I’m not sure what to say,” Cas muttered. “You don’t need to prove anything to me, Dean. I told you that.”
“I know.”
Cas nodded.
She turned her head and rushed to meet them. Kaia and Claire were not far behind.
“It’s about time!” she cheered.
“If only I had your confidence.”
“Ok, that’s cool then.”
“If you’re sure,” Cas gave him the out, but he didn’t take it.
“What about him?”
“Ew, god, how could I forget?” Sam grimaced. “The menu said shareable size for a reason.”
“It’s just that you’ve been kind of quiet. If it’s about that girl you like, Sam and I were just poking fun earlier. Didn’t mean to strike a nerve or anything.”
“Yeah, of course. This has been overwhelming, I’m sure.”
“And then you never discussed it?”
“So, do you like it? Because if you don’t, I can...” Dean practically jumped to his feet and threw his arms around Cas.
“I don’t need the details, please, thank you.”
“It’s his favorite,” Gabe chimed in. “He thinks their arms are funny.”
“I’ll tell the others you felt sick,” he offered. “That way they won’t ask too many questions.”
“Nothing.”
“When we moved here, I told myself I was going to make a new start,” Dean continued, “I wanted to open up more, make new friends, and try new things. I wanted to explore and indulge the persona I had been suppressing. For the past two months, I’ve been doing that.”
Images of Cas occupied even more of Dean’s mind than usual since their discussion on Monday. Some were memories of fond moments spent together such as the time in history class when Dean slipped Cas a piece of paper with a drawing of their teacher in Renaissance clothing, complete with a ruffled collar and a funny mustache. His friend had tried to hold in his laughter, but failed, and exploded in a fit of giggles in the middle of what was supposed to be silent study time. Dean had gotten detention for disrupting class and for “corrupting the star student”, but he didn’t care. It was worth it to see the little crinkles around Cas’s eyes and to hear that little snort he made before the outburst.
“Dean, it’s fine.”
“I’m sorry if I led you on,” Cas muttered.
Dean rubbed his arm and laughed.
*WARNING* Homophobia
“Can we stay on just a bit longer?” he asked.
“Honestly, the best thing to do is to say this outright. Be like ripping off a bandaid,” Dean swallowed. “Dad...Cas isn’t a chick, and I am not going to the dance without a date.”
“You know, you didn’t have to embarrass him like that.”
A solemn smile spread across Cas’s face.
“Maybe it was a draft?” Dean continued.
“That us?”
“Uh, World History. Lots of dates and stuff. It’s had to keep track of it all,” Dean said.
It took a moment for the words to register.
“I feel like an old-fashioned movie villain,” Dean pretended to twirl the stache. “What do you think?”
He turned Cas in the direction he was looking.
“Bottom line, I don’t feel comfortable with sex,” Cas continued, “I don’t even have those types of feelings about people. When I like someone, I like them for their heart, not their body.”
“What do you mean?” Cas finally asked.
“Uh, no I haven’t. But something black or grey is probably fine.”
"Are you still planning to spend your last night on earth sitting quietly in that chair?" Dean asked.
"It's been rescheduled," Cas replies. "I'm supposed to help go around and reassure the camp about your presence without telling anyone what's happening."
Cas breaks the kiss to murmur, "Neither of you allow kissing, does that mean I can—"
Is that how he looks when he looks at Cas? Dean knows better than to take his eyes off a threat, but he wants to join Cas in mapping out all the cracks in the ceiling rather than witness this. He's clearly distracted, and Dean could use this to break out of his hold and break that uncomfortable staring contest, but most of his options might cause injuries that could jeopardize older Dean's mission to shoot Satan. Dean guesses he can handle a bit of roughhousing.
Cas lifts his hand away for the resentful reply of, "Twenty hundred hours."
"You're welcome to join us," Cas says.
"You were in Kansas City at least three separate times in 2009," Cas says. "Where were you before that?"
The dirty dishes, empty bottles—Cas pawns off the rest of his beer on Dean, and Dean mechanically wraps his lips around the mouth and drains it in one go—and cooler all get tidied away. Cas grabs an intricately carved wooden box from a corner of the room and places it on his lap. He pops the lid and pulls out rolling papers and a glass jar crammed full of ground weed. Dean examines the carvings on the box, something about them seems familiar.
Older Dean's face cycles through so many different expressions before landing back on anger that Dean can't catch them all. The other him pushes him further into the wall, forcing his knee between Dean's legs, immobilizing him even more effectively.
Cas moans around him, most likely from something his other self is doing to him, but the thought that
Dean forces his eyes open just in time to see the way Cas's face cracks open as his older self begins to press his dick into Cas. Dean can't look at either of them, too overwhelmed, but Cas stopping is unthinkable. Cas puts more of his weight against his forearm, jerking Dean's hips down against the bed. Dean nods and that's apparently enough to get Cas back on task.
"Yes." Cas's posture was immaculate. His knees and spine all at right angles to each other. His hands gently resting in the exact center of his thighs.
Dean went down on his knees. The floorboards protested and then his shins did. He ran his nails along the seams of Cas's polyester suit pants and then made eye contact with Cas again. The Dean of a year ago, plucked fresh out of the pit, would have thought him unaffected. "Another thing I know is that we're not gonna talk about this. Not now. Definitely not later. You get it?"
Dean had thought about lifting his hand and pressing his knuckles against Cas's cheekbones. He didn't.
"You know what's strange? Time," Cas says. He's got several pockmarked white scars scattered across the underside of his forearm, like he'd been caught by buckshot.
Well, at least he's just as literal as always. Dean sits back on his heels and looks over at Cas. He's about six feet away, too far to really count as looming over Dean, but he scrambles to his feet anyway.
Eventually, Cas eases off, and Dean comes back to himself a little. His other self is still pounding away. This is far from Dean's first time in the group sex rodeo, but he's never been able to fully ride out the inherent awkwardness in being the first person to come.
"Something else?" Cas asks with a sidewise smile, twisting his half-full bottle between his hands. "I have to admit, beer isn't one of my favored vices."
Dean scrambles upright and more firmly back onto his side of the couch. "Wait, how do you know about Back to the Future II?"
His other self does something that makes Cas gasp. "I told you," Cas says, smiling into Dean's hip crease. "I had plans."
Cas groaned. "Dean," he said, drawing it out, like that was a whole sentence, like there was nothing else to say but Dean's name.
"I could make it work," Cas replies. He shifts down Dean's body until his mouth is just to the side of Dean's dick, almost exactly where Dean needs him. "Better?"
Dean tries again. "Don't you have somewhere else to be? That orgy, maybe?" Zachariah had clearly inserted him right in the middle of some twisted up Aesop's fable for a reason, and while Dean would like his other self to just get to the fucking point and spit out the moral already, he isn't exactly raring to go and figure out what he's supposed to take away from Cas. Best case: Zach just wanted a Cas without enough juice to zap him back home before 2014 Dean could stop blue-balling him about everything that went down with Sammy's future death, but there's never a best case with the angels. It's only been a handful of days since he and Cas confronted Raphael back in Maine, and he's got the sinking feeling that this take on Cas might be connected.
When Dean moves towards him, Cas's eyes snap to his face and dig in. He's got his thousand yard stare on, the one that makes Dean feel like one of those formaldehyde soaked frogs that haunt high school bio classes. Dean's a stranger in a strange land, out of place and out of time, but that hits him right in the chest, and his shoulders relax just the tiniest bit without his conscious input.
"I don't want to hear it. When's the planning meeting?"
Everything's loud: the mattress springs squealing out their last lament, the other Dean's hips slapping against Cas's ass, Cas himself. Cas's groans vibrate through Dean. Dean can also feel every single one of his future self's thrusts forcing Cas further down his dick.
"This is very good," Cas says, "but if I had access to a gas station again, I don't know if I'd pick these." He sucks a piece of cream filling off the pad of his thumb, his eyes closed in concentration, before turning back to his discarded plate.
"Four times," the other him interjects, but he's not looking at either of them, too busy scowling at the floor, so he's clearly already figured out where along their shared timeline Dean's from. Why exactly he doesn't stop this line of questioning, Dean has no fucking clue. Maybe he thinks it's payback for the little trip down memory lane featuring Rhonda Hurley. That seems like the kind of bullshit he'd pull.
But there's no leer on Cas's face, no lust; he's doing the same kind of clinical examination of Dean's component atoms as always, but, as if reading his mind, Cas throws back his head and laughs. A perfect parody of joy. "I meant we could smoke up, but if you're offer—"
Cas gets, impossibly, even more intent on him. "Interesting."
"If you're looking for the vegetables," Cas says, and there's some actual amusement in his voice, also incredibly weird, "under our fearless leader's bed isn't the place to look."
Cas tilted his head up and stared back at Dean, like he always did. The light was poor, and his expression was more shadow than flesh. If he considered Dean's behavior odd, Dean couldn't tell. Still, Dean let himself look at what had been illuminated: the dip of his upper lip, the glint of his eyes. He liked how Cas looked. He'd always kind of liked it. Sue him. Everybody knew that angels were hot, so what if they generally pictured the Victoria's Secret kind of angel, aka hot chicks parading around in panties with delicate white wings? Obviously angels being hot transcended gender. Besides, Cas had sort of hit the lottery with Jimmy's strikingly symmetrical features and sad eyes. He could have found a much worse meat suit to puppet around.
The other him whips his head around and glares at him. "What the fuck have you been up to?"
"Bert and Ernie are still gay, but are you gonna make me a liar about the second part of that statement?" Dean asked, too quietly.
"What I really want is a chance to go to another all you can eat buffet. Our fearless leader took me and Bobby to one before the food shortages got too bad. The restaurant should have defined what it meant by
"If you remember his rules, then you definitely remember mine," the other Dean says, loudly, cutting Cas off abruptly. He balances against the doorway of Cas's bedroom, working at his boots.
"Dean can eat here," Cas says, like he hasn't already, and shifts all of that attention back onto his future self.
It's strange to see him without the whole monkey suit getup. He's like an optical illusion. If Dean looks at him sidewise, he can see the Cas he's familiar with: the clear blue eyes, the way he expands to fill up a room, the rasp of his voice. But if Dean tilts his head, it all falls apart and all he can see is a stranger.
Dean is back in his own time and back in Baby heading to Sam, exactly where he belongs. Cas is riding shotgun, silently alternating between watching Dean and watching the road. He should prompt him to expand more on the Colt leads that started this whole mess. He doesn't.
"I'd like to think my hair's better than Doc Brown's." This version of Cas no longer appears to style his hair by sticking his finger directly into an outlet, but the bangs curling against his forehead are no less disheveled.
He rolls his eyes. "You just put your lips together and blow."
Dean shakes his head. Two light beers and two fingers of whiskey hasn't been enough to stagger him since he was maybe fourteen, but drinking himself dumb is currently a lot less appealing than it was before he'd known what kind of shitty liquor he'd have to get through to do it.
Cas winks at him before swallowing Dean's dick down completely, a true deep-throating champion. The only word to describe the feeling is awesome. But awesome as in awe inspiring, a sensation that'd make medieval peasants get down on their knees and fearfully worship, not what dudebros from California mean by it. The kind of experience that'd make Castiel need to instruct
"You know me and orders."
It's at this point that Cas removes his mouth from Dean's cock. The sound that tears out of Dean is absolutely humiliating, and he has to bite his lip to keep from begging Cas to continue.
"If you want another sandwich, you can make it yourself," Cas says, deftly twisting the peanut butter lid back on and placing it on the counter. "A supply run found a whole pallet full of jars about a month ago so it's not currently rationed."
"You showed it to me. Or you will show it to me. You see what I mean about time being strange."
There's the sound of the lube bottle being cracked open and exactly what's about to happen becomes clear to Dean all at once. He wants to watch. He wants to be the one to slide his fingers into Cas and see Cas's gaze lose focus with pleasure. As if anticipating the drift of his thoughts, Cas carefully presses his forearm down against Dean's lower stomach so that Dean can't move. Dean fists the fitted sheet so tightly that he can hear it start to slide off the corner of the mattress.
"That's not what I told you to do."
He relocates his hands to Cas's thick hair and pets through it. It's softer than he expected but slightly greasy. He wrenches his eyes shut.
It doesn't matter. The next time he looks over, Cas has winged himself off to who knows where. He's not going to make that mistake again.
"Are you fucking kidding me with this?" his future self says, flinging his arms out and pacing back and forth. "Seriously?"
Dean drew next to him. All he wanted to do was help his friend out and settle a debt, all in one efficient action. He pressed his legs against Cas's knees until Cas parted them enough for Dean to step in closer.
right open; if he could feel anything besides righteous anger and pissy irritation, Dean wouldn't know. Except—
"I told you to look at me," Cas says, his voice at least an octave deeper than usual.
Dean was in shock, that was the only way to describe it. He had expected at least a little more argument from his mother, but he wasn’t going to complain. She may not approve of him and Cas, but she didn’t seem to be going to do anything about it. That was about the most that he could ask for at this point. He was certain that after she got to know the man that he had grown into that she would come around. “Um, we need to talk about a plan that I came up with, but we are going to need a little more help.”
I allow the fact that I unknowingly followed in my mother’s footsteps to bounce around in my head for only a second, then she is getting my attention and telling me about everyone else. Dad is okay. He took Ellen and Bobby to a hideout. Sammy told Ellen that something was going down, and they all decided to meet up there, but mom wanted to find me first. We start running again, because while this little reunion is awesome, there are still people trying to kill me, her as well. We duck into an alley that runs along the center of town as we are trying to make our way across. People are shooting and I can hear the bullets bouncing off the brick from the buildings around us. We’re surrounded. Some of these people are friends that I have made while I was training for Dauntless, others are people who have been at Dauntless for a while, but they all are under a simulation. That makes it so much harder to shoot back at them, even if they are trying to kill me.
He’s so much older than me, but I can’t help but think there is some kind of bond growing between us. I’m not even sure that I would be ready to give him what I want, let alone what he may want. I need to keep my head in the game. I made it to round two. I’m not sure how this works, but if it’s worse than stage one I’m screwed. I barely made it past the first round of cuts. I hope I can do this.
Chapter 2: Feuding Families
When I wake up in the morning, it’s to a soft touch to my face, almost caressing. He tells me that he wants me to see something and that I should follow him. I don’t really want to get out of bed, but I do and follow him out of his room and onto the roof. He tells me to look down over the edge, and when I do, I'm not really sure what I see. It’s Erudite, but what are they doing? I ask Cas and he says that they have been coming here every morning for the last few weeks. He’s been watching them and they are loading in supplies, computers, and these. He holds up a cylinder that contains an amber liquid inside. When I ask him what it is, he says that he thinks it’s some kind of cognitive transmitter that you inject, like a serum. I ask him why and he says that it’s supposed to make you more susceptible to suggestion, but that as many as they have that they could create an army. I think back to what Sammy said about Erudite overthrowing Abnegation and my blood runs cold. Then over the loudspeakers, there’s someone announcing that all initiates must report for the final stage of testing, and if I wasn’t already pale enough, I know that I lose what color is left.
He had never been given any indication that Dean was interested in men, but then again, he hadn’t been allowed around Dean in a decade. There could be many things he didn’t know about him, and just because Cas hadn’t kept his sexuality a secret, didn’t mean that Dean had to announce his. The looks and little touches that had been shared between the two wasn’t something Cas had shared with anyone in the past who wasn’t a romantic partner. Maybe this was just how Dean was in the kitchen; Cas didn’t know that either. He was starting to believe he didn’t know anything about Dean at all.
Cas says that we are trained to never give up, because if we give up it will cost more than just our lives. We are the defenders, and while they want us to be brave they don’t want us to be stupid. Uriel looks at me saying that they train soldiers not rebels. Cas gets a strange look on his face when this is said. I wonder what that’s about.
“Yeah, I stopped by to drop him off here last night, but we didn’t want to interrupt you guys. He stayed at the house and we came over this morning to make sure that you all were up in time for the bake off. I brought you some clothes.” Sam’s ears turned red during this, but he didn’t say anything else about it.
It didn’t matter anyway. This was his adult life and that little crush Dean had harbored for years wasn’t going to ruin it for him. Cas seemed to have grown into his own while Dean was out of the country though, and even if he seemed a little unsure of himself in the kitchen, he was a much more confident person now than Dean had ever seen. The light that emanated from Cas when he realized he had made an edible pumpkin bread was the last straw, and Dean had to get out of there. When they were tasting it, they had gotten awfully close to one another, and Dean had thought for a moment that Cas was going to kiss him. That was definitely something he had wanted, but not something he could afford to let happen.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Cas tells me to take a seat, looking at me for the first time since he called my name in the waiting room. He then looks away and starts organizing his material to start the simulation. He also explains that the serum that he will inject me with will put me into a fear landscape. It focuses on the part of my brain that processes fear, it will cause a hallucination and the transmitters will allow him to see the images in my mind. This catches my attention, because it sounds an awful lot like what my mom had been saying.
“Yeah, Gabe, you’re special too, and not in a bad way.” Sam followed Gabe into the kitchen where they both found the largest bowls that they could and piled them with the sweet treats. It wasn’t something that Sam would usually indulge in, but the look on Gabe’s face was completely worth the extra time that he would have to put into cardio this week.
When we get to the testing center we enter the line for Abnegation. Everyone in our line is dressed in the colors associated with our faction. Abnegation is plain, we dress in grey, varying shades of grey. Lined up on either side of us are Erudite and Candor. Erudite dresses in blue, darks and lights. Candor is all about things being true or not, so they see the world in black and white. They dress the same way that they see the world, in blacks and whites. Beside Candor on the other side is Amity. They have the care free flowing clothing in oranges and yellows and browns. They match the colors of the earth around them. There is a gap beside Erudite. This is where Dauntless will fill in when they arrive. While the rest of us all file in as we come up to the area, they arrive as one unit.
There are two stages of training. The first is physical. That’s where we are right now, but the second stage is mental. They say that it is even harder than this stage. Physical training is a never ending thing. We have to get our bodies and minds into shape. We run, lift weights, and we fight. I’m pretty sure Uriel hates me. We run when we aren’t fighting or shooting. The running I can handle, it’s my aim that is horrible. Some of the other guys here give me a hard time, saying that I will be joining the factionless soon and that they will be my new family.
“I don’t care if you can dance, I just want to be close to you.” Dean had never been one to show too much emotion, but cas was bringing out a completely different side and he didn’t think it was such a bad thing. Dean laid his head against Cas’s and continued to sway, just being in each other's arms, that was until there was a clearing of a throat behind them and he glanced up to find Gabe and Sam watching them.
We reach the cross street, that is twice as wide as any street we have had to cross so far. She holds back and I head out. Just as I am around halfway across, a vehicle comes around the corner. It’s loaded with men with guns, they start running at us and the fire fight is on again. Mom comes running out shooting and my gun is shot from my hand. She keeps firing and runs, pulling me across the street and into another alley. We hit the ground hard, so I ask if she’s okay. She says yes, so I grab the gun and start shooting back at the men. We have a break, so I turn to tell her that we need to move, but she is still lying there. She looks pale and a little out of it. I look her over and realize that she’s been shot. The blood is soaking through her dress under an area that she has her hand pressed into.
“So, why are you so worried about where your brother went? He’s a big boy, and you don’t live around here.  You can’t really keep up with him all the time, surely.” Sam really didn’t mean to lead the conversation towards their brothers, but he was curious. Maybe Gabe knew more than Dean thought, and if that was the case, it could mean that it would be harder to keep him ‘occupied’, or not, Sam wasn’t really sure.
I once again wake up in a field, and there are a large group of birds that begins circling around me. I try to run, but my feet get stuck in the mud, just like before. This time though, instead of panicking, I see the fire and run towards it. The birds begin attacking just as I reach the fire. I duck and try to evade them until I can grab a stick that is on fire and swing it at them. I notice that the birds are gone and try to move, only to find that my hands have been tied and the rope that also goes around my waist, is also anchored down to some kind of metal pole in the ground. The fire saved me last time, so I try that again, holding my hands as far apart as I can, I place them over the flames. The rope comes free, but my hands are burning. I run to a puddle and put my hands below the water, only to find that I’m back in the glass box that is filling with water.
Cas held Dean’s hand in his own, so all that Dean could do was run his thumb over the knuckles that he could reach on Cas’s hand. It was the sweetest thing that Cas or anyone, really had ever said to Dean. In that he heard that he was worth everything that they had gone through and that he would have Cas on the other side, no matter what the outcome was tomorrow. That was exactly what he needed to hear, and Cas was exactly who he had needed to hear it from. He leaned in to place a gentle kiss on Cas’s lips, that as usual with these two did not stay as innocent as it had started.
“It honestly has nothing to do with his looks. We started talking when I almost burned down the bakery twice in one day. Wait, everything is fine, obviously. Let me get through this, please, before you start jumping to any more conclusions.” That stopped the tirade that was burning to escape when Gabe thought something had happened and he didn’t even know about it.
“No, Moose, I don’t have a problem with your brother because of his last name. I didn’t want anything to do with this stupid feud stuff was part of the reason that I moved away. I had dealt with it for too long, so when I was old enough to get away from it I did.” Gabe looked back at the doorway, deciding how to answer the rest of that question.
“Alright finalists, you will have two hours to make your pie, from start to finish. You may begin, now.” The last was said as he pressed the timer beginning the round.
I fall back to the ground beside a puddle, and I can hear the vampire making its way back to me. I remember that this isn’t real and lean into the puddle. I find myself in a box that is filling up with water. I look around, but not seeing a cut off valve or an exit, I look through the glass. On the other side there is Lucifer with his hand on Sammy’s shoulder. I try breaking the glass, but all I can manage is a tiny crack. I feel the glass where it cracks and begin to tap. The water is now over my head and I’m holding my breath, but Sammy is more important.
There are so many cables running down the hall that it’s almost impossible to walk, but I manage. When I get to the end there is a large white room with what appears to be giant screens set up, showing what is happening in Abnegation. I then look to the side and see Cas. He doesn’t seem to see me, and they have electrodes attached to him. What he sees is showing above his head on a screen, but I still cut loose his binds. He disarms me and then knocks me back. I call his name, but he isn’t looking at me with any recognition. I try to wake him, telling him that he’s in a sim. Lucifer chooses this moment to come gliding up like an avenging angel. He tells me that Cas can’t hear me, and then starts rambling in that way he does about what makes up a person. Then he brags about how all that can be wiped away with a little chemistry. He says that we are safer now that Cas is gone. I am outraged by this, asking how exactly we are safer.
Gabriel jumped at the sound of Sam’s voice, but continued walking down the row of cars.
Pulling away from that kiss was one of the hardest things Cas could remember doing, and that included learning to make his mom’s pumpkin bread, so that was definitely saying something. If he hadn’t though, there was no telling how far they would have taken things, and they did not really have time for that right now. “Dean, we will figure it out. We can get together and talk, possibly with our brothers, and see what we can come up with. We have a better reason for needing their feud to end. Sometimes friendship isn’t a strong enough motivator, but what we have is special, or at least I think it is. Your brother already knows, and I’m pretty sure mine has a pretty good idea, so maybe we can get them to help us. It would probably make them feel better, not having to keep secrets. I don’t know about Sam, but Gabe has never been any good at that.”
“Cas, I need to see you tonight; we need to talk. I can’t take this sneaking around much longer. I don’t want to have to hide this, and if we don’t figure out something with our moms, then that’s what we are going to be stuck doing.” Dean was trying to calm himself down, and his new favorite way of doing that was running his fingers through Cas’s perpetually messy hair. It was working; he could think a little clearer, and his breathing was starting to slow down. It helped even more when Cas pulled him in for a kiss. He didn’t think he would ever get over the feel of Cas’s lips on his; at least, he hoped he wouldn’t.
Sam was hopeful, and he was even working up his courage to tell Gabe that he might have an idea of what he was talking about, but he never got a chance to say anything. Gabe pushed him back against a shelf and pulled him down to where he could kiss him, and kiss him he did. It wasn’t the most comfortable of positions due to their height difference, but Sam didn’t ever want it to end. Of course that’s when Dean decided to come looking for them.
The only ones that go outside the walls are Amity, they grow our food in the fields surrounding the city, and the Dauntless, they protect the wall and those that have to be outside of it. My name is Dean. My brother Sam and I live with our adoptive parents Bobby and Ellen in Abnegation. We don’t remember our birth parents. Bobby told us that they were factionless and left us with people who they hoped would take us in and raise us as their own. Usually children who grow up in one faction or the other end up staying in that faction as an adult.
After the stories were told, and all the cautionary tales as well, we boarded the train and headed back into the city. I was thinking about what was out there and what we would have to do to protect the people in the city, so I was quiet on the way back. Once we returned to Dauntless, we immediately went back to our training. It was like they believed that we needed to know what we were up against so that we would train harder. I was already training as hard as I could, now the only difference is that I have a new worry for the people that I would be charged to protect. What if I failed? It wouldn’t only be my life on the line, but the life of all the people inside the wall as well. I’ll just have to think of the fact that Sammy is inside the walls. I’m still protecting him and to continue protecting him, I have to be able to get my name above that ugly red line. That shouldn’t be too impossible, right?
“We can talk later. I really don’t have time to get into everything, but just know it isn’t what you think. You need to keep an open mind, because I didn’t, and it only made things worse. They have some stuff going on involving the competition, but they have some personal stuff going on too. Talk to Cas, and then I think that we all need to have a conversation as well.” Sam figured that covered enough that Gabe wouldn’t ask too many questions before he talked to Cas, and it really wasn’t Sam’s place to tell him what was going on.
“Sam, Sammyyyyyy! Yo, bean pole, come on. Your little boyfriend is already awake and in the kitchen making a candy bar in a cup. It’s time to rise and shine!”
The needle going in pinches and I flinch a little. Then he explains that I will be facing my worst fears. He says that most people have ten to fifteen really bad ones and that I need to calm myself. That I will need to slow my heart rate and my breathing and then deal with what’s in front of me. I sit there just breathing, I’m terrified. He tells me to be brave, but all I can do is nod.
I get back into the area where we all seem to congregate, Cas comes up to me. He says that he just wanted to congratulate me, but I think that he wanted to check on me. He’s afraid of heights, but he knows that I just went on the zip line. I’m surprised that he actually tells me that I did a good job, he seems to like to keep his praise private and only berate me in public, but this time he comes right up to me. He’s still awkward about it as he tells me that I should go meet my friends, but he seems sincere. Maybe things are changing.
“Absolutely. Tomorrow night at your place then?” Cas could tell something was off with Dean, but he wasn’t completely sure what it was. He thought he had an idea, though, and he didn’t believe he was the only one who had been drawn to the other tonight. It seemed the more time they were in each other’s space, the more those feelings he had when they were younger were making themselves known. This time, however, Cas was pretty sure Dean had been leaning in to kiss him. Maybe this time it could be different.
And with that, they explained the whole thing again, this time with Mary adding in the parts about Betty coming and talking to her. They had decided that Betty may have learned about Dean’s crust from Mary, but they just couldn’t figure out how she had gotten her hands on Cas’s recipe. No one had access to it because he always had it with him, except when he was working in the bakery when he was practicing in the back. They were talking about this when it hit him. “She came by a couple of days ago. She asked to use the bathroom while I got her order together. I was doing a practice run, so my recipe was out on the back table. She would have walked right past it, that must have been when she took it.”
The bell out front announced someone was at the door, but the store had been closed for a few hours. That meant it was probably Dean. Castiel looked down at himself and his work space and decided Dean had the worst timing possible. He was covered in flour and bits of batter; there was even some on his nose that he hastily wiped off before entering the main store area of the bakery.
“Now that we have that out of the way, want to work on some more pumpkin bread?” They were too close in the little office Dean’s bakery held, and he wanted to get a little space between them to clear his mind.
Climbing into the pick up wasn’t easy, but Gabe wasn’t going to show his struggle. So, after huffing and puffing and climbing up into the giant truck, he decided that he would take the attention off of himself and direct it back at Sam. “How did you know I’m staying at Cas’s house?”
It’s my turn now. I walk up with just a bit more hesitation than Sam did. I still don’t know what I’m going to choose. As I slice my hand and let the blood pool, I go back and forth between Erudite to protect Sam, and Dauntless to protect the city. I look up and see that Sam has settled with a group of transfers and my heart swells. He will be okay. I choose Dauntless. Looking up at Bobby and Ellen as I make my way over to the faction that is now my own, I see that Ellen is in Bobby’s arms and he himself looks lost. I feel sorry that we have left them alone, but I don’t believe that Sam or myself would have made it in Abnegation.
Gabe leaned back against the counter, deciding to let his brother finish. “Alright, but I get my chance to talk when you are done. Agreed?”
Before long, they were getting started on the baking and not focusing on the feud any longer. Cas remembered everything that Dean had shown him, and he was fairly certain that he was going to do well this round, but the nerves were almost too much for him. He seemed to calm, simply by looking over at Dean, even if they were on opposite sides of the room. It always seemed like Dean could feel Cas looking at him, and he would raise his eyes to meet Cas’s.  It wasn’t as much of a distraction as Cas thought it would be; instead it kept him grounded and focused. He could do this.
Looking around myself I see weapons and raw meat. I look back to ask what it is for and he is gone. Then I hear it. There is growling so loud that it must be right behind me. I go to grab something, still not sure which it would have been, but the meat and the weapons are gone. Then the giant dog is chasing me. I run for only a moment then turn and face the dog. I drop down to my knees and the dog stops. There in front of me is a puppy, not the snarling, growling beast from seconds before. I reached to pet it, Sam has always had a soft spot for dogs that just maybe rubbed off a little on me, and then there was a shout.
“Are you inviting me to your place, Samsquatch?” Gabe knew that it wasn’t an insinuation that anything was going to happen, but he really did have to give Sam a hard time, otherwise he would get all sappy and that just wasn’t him.
The announcer decided to help clear up some of the confusion. “No, Betty, no one dropped out. They actually decided to work together.” The wonder showed on his face as he was watching the two new arrivals set up their work station.
Over a hundred years ago, there was a great war. The war between supernatural beings and humans was long and it tore the world as we knew it to pieces. There weren’t many humans left, but those that were banded together and created the city. It has high walls that keep us safe from those supernaturals that are still out there. Living in the city is what we are used to.
“You know me Samsquatch, I gotta get my digs where I can, besides you wouldn’t know how to feel if I started acting all mush like those two love birds out there.” Gabe’s face flared red like he hadn’t meant to say that, but it was out there and he wasn’t going to take it back.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I slowly begin making my way through the train car. It is tight, so I end up brushing against others on my way. The good thing about the serum is that it seems to have made them not interact with their surroundings at the moment, so I am able to simply move a line up and wait for them to settle down again before moving to another line. I feel a pang of sadness as I make my way past Benny and he doesn’t seem to recognize me, before I push that down and keep trying to find Cas. It takes a while, but finally I am standing right beside him. It only takes a second, but that second feels like an eternity, before he reaches down and brushes his fingers over mine. I don’t know what I would have done had he looked at me the same way Benny did only a moment before. I, luckily, don’t have to worry about that, as Cas takes my hand in his and seemingly blinks and takes a breath for the first time in a while. We stand quietly, just breathing with each other, but never letting go, until we pull up to the station and the train stops.
As the buzzer sounded, they had decorated the pie and were just drizzling the top with a toasted caramel sauce. It was ready to be presented and they were both as clean as they had been when the round originally began. Betty, however, was covered in flour and had bits of pumpkin in her hair. To put it nicely, she looked like she had been in a fight with her pie, and the pie had won. “Nice hairdo, Betty,” someone yelled from the audience. It sounded suspiciously like Gabe, but Dean couldn’t be sure.
If Sam and I both leave, that will leave Bobby and Ellen alone. I don’t want them to think that they have done something wrong in the way that they raised their children. They have been the best parents that anyone could ask for, I just don’t know if I can be as selfless as I would have to be to remain in Abnegation. I guess I have to wait and let the test tell me where I belong. I keep being told to trust the test, guess it’s time I do that. The only problem is that Sam seems as down as I feel right now, and doesn’t want to go to bed either. It’s like he wants to spend that extra few minutes with the family.
“I took Gabe home, and I know that you took Cas, because we saw you leaving just before I pulled in. You know, for two people who claim to want to be discreet, you two are very unobservant.” Sam might have been being mean, but his brother didn’t get to be smug when he was being reckless the way he was.
I follow him to the simulation room, and after we enter he tells me to close and lock the door. He’s already started assembling the machine that allows him to share my fear scape. I do as he tells me, and he explains that I’m going to practice. I ask him if he means in my fear scape, but I pause as I notice he is taking off his jacket and going to the other side of the desk. He tells me that no it won’t be my fear landscape, but his. This catches me off guard. I mean, yeah he has been able to see into my head since the beginning, but this will let me see inside his. This makes him vulnerable and that isn’t something that I’ve ever known him to be. He tells me that we are going to go in together and I can’t help but to ask him if he has ever done this before. He seems almost shy as he looks away and explains that no, he hasn’t ever done this before. I can’t help the fact that this makes me feel like he sees me as special. I’m starting to think that maybe he does know my secret, and that it isn’t really a bad thing.
Since the profits were down, the bakery had a few things that needed fixing. One of those things being a leaky pipe in the walk in cooler. There were also loose boards and rusty racks, but they wouldn’t prove to be what ultimately did her in, so they weren’t quite as important. However, things add up and make a difference in their own way.
“Yeah, okay, I’m sorry. Go ahead then; explain to me why you are spending time with Dean Winchester. With everything going on with our families, it just isn’t something I was expecting. I mean, I know he looks good, but surely you know better than to be taken in by that, right?”
Of course there are those who want to give me a hard time. Being from Abnegation always brings people to look down on you, especially since I am no longer Abnegation. “Stiff” is a term that I’ve heard more of then I prefer, but I climbed up and just jumped. When I reach the bottom there is a net that catches me. I have only a couple of seconds to catch my breath and slow my heart rate before the net is moving. I rolled to the side and jumped down and was immediately met with the bluest eyes that I have ever seen. I know there is talking but I didn’t hear it. I come back to him saying, “It shouldn’t be that hard but if you want to change it now’s the time. Make it a good one.” I realize that he asked my name. I tell him that it’s Dean and he laughs a little saying that his name is Cas. When the others have all jumped and we are at the bottom the Dauntless born go with Uriel and the transfers go with Cas. As we followed him down the halls I noticed a tattoo peeking above his collar. I wonder what that could be.
There in the kitchen, was Sam pouring himself a cup of coffee along with another cup that had a suspicious amount of cream and sugar already inside. “Morning Sammy, do I take it that Gabe’s home?” The last was said while gesturing to the second cup that Sam had been preparing.
Part Thirteen: Awakening
“Don’t burn down the building, Novak.” Dean started their bickering, but he wouldn’t have time for a lot, so this was the quickest way to get a rise out of Cas, and he knew it.
“For the first time, I want everyone to know that you make me happy and that what we have is special. I hope that after tomorrow I’ll be able to do just that, but it just makes me so mad that they haven’t had to do that. Why is it that, just because we both came back to help out with the bakeries that we have to hate each other? Why is it that, since they stayed away, they don’t? Why is it okay for them to be seen sitting together at the semi-finals and we had to sneak around? It’s not fair, Cas, it’s not fair to me and it sure as hell isn’t fair to you.” Dean stopped to wipe the tears that he didn’t realize had begun falling down his cheeks.
However, Gabriel and Sam were fair game and he would prod and pry all he pleased, it was his right, being a big brother, afterall. “So, Cas, what do you think of Sam and Gabe kissing in the store room?”
The worst part of that second experience was that Dean had apparently been across the street and seen the smoke. He came in just before the fire department had arrived and was witness to just how bad a baker Castiel really was. He felt like an idiot, but he had no other choice but face Dean, now that the firemen had left. “So, now you know my secret.”
“It’s nothing. I read too much into things.”
With Dean gone for more than forty minutes and with no update, Charlie did finally go looking for them. What she found was the two of them back on the bench, Cas with his head on Dean’s shoulder and dozing. It turned out that after their dance (and the kissing which Dean left out of the story for the time being), Cas had been feeling a bit drained from the excitement, so they sat down, and he had fallen asleep. Charlie made a face like one might make when they see a cute puppy, and Dean rolled his eyes.
