"Not here," Dean says.
Cas nodded and pointed towards the nightstand. “There are some condoms in there too.” Saying that instantly brought Cas back to the parking lot where he and Dean had first ‘met’. Dean must have recognized the box because he was smiling at Cas when he returned with the items.
They got straight to work, Dean pulling ahead with an early lead. He teased Gabriel as he put a couple cups’ space between them. Karma didn’t like the taunting, and Gabriel hit a smooth streak while Dean remained hung up at cup five.
“Mm, Cas that’s fuckin’ hot. Coming on my cock alone. I make you feel that good, huh?”
“Mary wanted to talk to me,” he answered truthfully.
Cas stared blankly at the note.
“It doesn’t matter what he said!
“Just peachy,” he replied sarcastically before dry heaving once more.
Dean glanced sideways to make sure Cas hadn’t been reading his texts over his shoulder. How embarrassing would
“Yeah,” Dean agreed, “I think he does feel bad, but I don’t think he knows alla that.”
And with that Balthazar was off the line. Cas smiled to himself.
A goddamn green shell. He couldn't dodge a green shell. What was this? Amateur hour? He shook his head and rushed to catch up to Cas. A blue streak flew across the sky and Dean gave a knowing smirk.
“Well, well, well...look who gets to take the first shot of the night,” the English teacher gloated.
“No, it’s fine. I have American Government with him first hour, I’ll check in with him then,” Dean said. The pair spent the rest of time before class catching up with each other about how classes were going. They weren’t in a single one together. Before they knew it, the bell rang and they went their separate ways.
Castiel let out a wet laugh. He didn’t know what was happening.
The day passed relatively normally. Castiel and Dean made small talk, but didn’t hold much conversation outside of what was necessary. It wasn’t entirely bad, but it was mildly uncomfortable. As the bell rang for 7th period (calculus), Dean stood up and packed his backpack to leave. He stopped Castiel before he walked away from the table.
“You’re fucking right I am,” Dean snapped back, his grip on the steering wheel turning his knuckles white, “you’re lucky I didn’t leave you there, or call Naomi to go get you.”
“Does that mean I have to stop sexting you?” Balthazar quipped, only half joking.
“Balthazar didn’t help me clean up. Charlie did. Balthazar left sometime last night,” Castiel informed him. Dean looked up at him, puzzled.
“Go away!”
“Dean,” Castiel started. One cold look his way caused Castiel to stop in his tracks. Dean slowly looked back towards his task as he threw in dirty clothes. The older man sighed and looked towards the kitchen, noticing a bunch of grocery bags strewn across the floor. He got to work putting everything away, trying desperately to think of something - anything - to say to Dean.
"Yeah, yeah, when you're at least half conscious and I have more than ten minutes to spare." Dean retorted.
“Yeah,” Alfie said, cutting off Dean’s train of thought, “It wasn’t just sometimes. It was all the time. They went out almost every weekend, sometimes, even week
“Michael, I’m gay,” Castiel revealed. Anna’s eyes widened and she squeezed his hands tighter. He was done. He was done hiding who he was. The circumstances weren’t ideal, but he was tired of keeping it a secret. Let the chips fall where they may. Dean would not be his dirty little secret any more.
Cas prepared the drinks and he led Dean to the living room where they sat on the couch.
done with their calculus homework.
“And text me when you get back!” she called after them. She took a deep breath and brought her hand to her forehead. Boy, did she have quite the mess on her hands.
“Alright, I’ll put our names in my phone and have it randomize pairs,” Charlie said, doing just that. She was done in seconds and declared, “Gabriel and Jo are up first.”
“How long have you had that in?”
She wondered what Cas meant by that. What room did Dean go into? Why was he going into a room with Amara? Dean hadn’t told Charlie about anything to do with Amara. All Charlie knew was that Dean had come upstairs to find Castiel, and did so while the host was dancing with his friend.
"Then how did you know this was here?" Castiel motions around the room.
“What? What’s go-” she stopped mid sentence when she saw the boys. “Bring him up here, set him on the couch,” she instructed, rushing to the bathroom to find the first-aid kit. When she got to the living room, Cas was lying unconscious, blood trickling down his forehead. She took the gauze out and handed it to Dean.
“I mean...you were the one that insisted on the pre-nup. It wouldn’t be too messy,” Bart said, trying desperately to keep the emotion out of his voice.
“I’m just sayin,” Charlie started, “if I was straight and Dean was out of the picture…” she trailed off. Castiel blushed and looked down at himself. He suddenly felt a little self-conscious about being just in sweatpants. Charlie seemed to snap out of it. “Sorry! Totally not appropriate,” she amended. Castiel just laughed. He checked his pockets for his phone, but realized he’d left it upstairs.
Castiel swallowed a huge lump in his throat. This was it. This was the moment that decided his future. Was he going to take his father’s offer and live quietly in an apartment until college, or was he going to tell the truth and face the unknown? He felt Dean give his hand a reassuring squeeze. The boys made eye contact and Castiel nodded. He knew what he had to do.
He and Dean shared a long embrace before Castiel had to leave. Cas knew it just killed his boyfriend to not be able to attend this, but Castiel didn’t want him there. This whole thing was...embarrassing. He didn’t need Dean to see all the shit that happened at home. That was family business...and as much as Cas loved Dean already...he wasn’t family. Not
Just as Dean was about to start the car back up and head home, the back door swung open and a figure stumbled out. It only took a few moments to recognize that figure as his boyfriend. Dean practically leapt out of the car and sprinted towards the house. He didn’t dare get too close, not entirely sure who was in the kitchen, or why Cas had come outside.
up,” Dean taunted. Gabriel stared at Dean and licked his lips, noticing Dean’s eyes follow the movement of his tongue.
Castiel was pulled from his dream by a persistent buzzing noise. He blinked groggily into the dimly lit room and realized the buzzing noise was coming from his phone. He reluctantly rolled out of Dean’s arms and shut off his alarm. He wiped at his eyes, trying to see a bit more clearly. He took a deep breath and rolled onto his side. He watched Dean sleep for a few moments.
When Castiel arrived home around seven the next morning, he walked directly to the kitchen. It had taken an hour to walk home. When he was driving, it usually only took him about five minutes to get to Dean’s house.
“Yeah, of course! So you’re actually going to drink with me this time?” Charlie asked.
“I did,” Dean said with a devilish smirk, embracing his fiancé and suggestively adding, “that’s not the only ride I gave him.” The crowd groaned and Castiel pushed Dean off of him, laughing.
"Dean," he pants, "feels so good." Cas's moans drown out the pings of fat rain drops hitting the window. Dean removes his mouth and reaches over to the nightstand to grab the lube, Cas too far in his own bubble of pleasure to notice what Dean grabbed. Dean goes back and licks a long stripe up the underside of Cas's dick. Dean opens the lube and coats his index finger before circling Cas's entrance. Cas sucks in a breath and moans Dean's name when the taller man pushes in, mouth still wrapped around Cas's throbbing erection. He pulls off to focus his attention on opening up his boyfriend.
“Are you saying you want to invite Cas out with us more often? Because, believe me, Winchester, I am
“One minute!” Castiel yelled back, proud that his voice didn't shake. He pulled away from his best friend and looked into his eyes. Balthazar wiped a stray tear from Cas' cheek. Cas smiled sadly and turned to zip up his final suitcase.
“What about it?”
“Oh, so I leave to do the grunt work while you two get to snog in the kitchen?” Balthazar complained. If Castiel had looked at Dean instead of burying his face into his shoulder, he would’ve noticed the clench in Dean’s jaw. Before Dean could say anything, Castiel pulled away and apologized to his friend. A moment later, the doorbell rang and Balthazar made a show of excusing himself so the “couple could get back to snogging without interruption”. The couple had both rolled their eyes, Castiel with more affection than Dean.
“Quit your bitching and eat your food. We’re late because I was generous enough to buy
Castiel turned around to face his boyfriend as a wide smile broke out across his face. He stood up from the couch and wrapped Dean in a hug. As they pulled away, Castiel said, “Me too.”
“You mean Balthazar? No, we’re just friends,” Castiel told her. She pursed her lips in thought and turned to rummage through the pantry. She pulled out two bags of popcorn and opened one to put in the microwave. “Why do you assume we’re dating?” Castiel asked rather timidly.
“Mmm, you know I love it when you use big words,” Dean said dreamily, pulling the plug in the bath and standing up. Castiel rolled his eyes and handed Dean a towel.
Castiel was a mess, tears falling down his cheeks onto his hands still firmly pressed over his mouth. He nodded furiously and removed his hands from his face, “Yes, Dean, of course I’ll marry you.” Dean beamed, and held out his hand for Cas’. He slipped the golden band with a sapphire and emerald inlay onto his
"She didn’t tell you?" Cas asked. He was a bit shocked his father didn’t know. He was sure Naomi would’ve complained to her husband about Castiel’s ‘unruly behavior’.
“Yes you
“Well, Jo said she saw Ms. Rosen in Principal Shurley’s office
“I’m not lying”
“Pshh, whatever,” Dean brushed off, “I’m still the one you come home to,” Dean flashed his boyfriend a cheesy smile.
“Who are you texting?”
Soon enough, Dean returned from the kitchen, bowl of popcorn in one hand, something else in the other. At Castiel’s raised eyebrow, Dean revealed the biggest bag of skittles Castiel had ever seen. Cas laughed and stood up to pull him into a hug. He kept his face buried in Dean’s neck for a long while, breathing in the smell of his boyfriend. God, Castiel missed just being with Dean.
Dean was awoken by the front door being opened. Usually, he slept through any activity in the house, but apparently he hadn’t been too deeply asleep. He furrowed his brow and squinted at the clock on his nightstand. It was too early for that to have been his mom, and Sam had gone for a jog last night, having voiced his aspirations to sleep in. Dean pushed down his duvet and padded up the stairs. The living room was undisturbed, as was the kitchen. He walked down the hallway and noticed his mother’s bedroom door was still open. He stood still, holding his breath, listening for the slightest movement. After a moment, he heard a bit of shuffling come from Sam’s room. He pressed his ear against the door and softly knocked on the wooden surface. He heard bed springs protesting to movement as a body shifted its weight. Dean quickly pulled his head away from the door when it opened slightly.
“Panties?” Castiel asked from his spot on the bed as Dean stripped for him. Dean looked at his boyfriend with a devilish smile.
Dean walked back over to Cas' side and leaned down, planting a solid kiss to Cas' mouth.
“You know...that suit looks damn good on you,” Dean said as they approached the car. Castiel smirked and leaned against the driver’s side door. Dean fiddled with his tie, a smirk playing at the corner of his mouth.
It was crunch time.
“I don’t know. Something doesn’t feel right,” he replied. He took his phone out and checked it again. Nothing from Cas.
During this time, Cas and Charlie became very good friends. 'Best friends' as Charlie often referred to them. They bonded over Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings. Cas always got an earful of her LARPing activities. She even invited him to come participate whenever he had the chance.
“That was supposed to be
"Are you sure it's that? I think you should..." Dean was interrupted by the blaring siren signaling a call.
“That wasn’t just a friend. It was my boyfriend,” Cas admitted. He swallowed thickly. There it was. Out in the open.
With that, the line went dead. Anna nodded to herself and started gathering up things she thought Castiel might need. She found a duffel bag in the closet and packed his phone, charger, laptop, and keys. She threw in some extra clothes and his toothbrush before making her way back downstairs. She grabbed his coat and his shoes and shoved them in.
“I didn’t want him to tell her that news on Christmas Eve. I knew she wouldn’t handle it well, and now he’s in the hospital and she’s...I don’t even know where she is. I woke up to an empty house. On Christmas morning!”
"Go pay for these." He said and he thrust the bag into her arms. Before she could say anything, he was off in the direction of condom man.
“Cas,” he interrupted, “I don’t- not right now.”
“I did,” Dean said, “or at least...I tried.”
“Yes, you did. An hour and twenty minutes
“I’m sorry I grew up in the city and not in the middle of nowhere where I had to make up games to play to keep me occupied in the summer. Do you know what cities have Dean?
both men. Dean shook his head. He pointed to one figure and then pointed at Cas.
"Oh, thank God." Dean said, relieved.
Dean tugged at Cas' shirt and eventually pulled it over his head and discarded it on the floor. He then gently guided Cas to the bed. When Castiel felt it on the back of his knees, he sat down. Dean took that opportunity to remove his own shirt. He threw it down in the same manner as he did with Cas' shirt. He stepped between Castiel’s open legs and looked down at his boyfriend.
“Is that the death-star blueprints on your tie?” a woman asked, pulling down a mug from the cupboard.
“I, uh, I just moved here,” he replied, having been pulled out of his reverie. He never thought he'd see Samandriel again. Not after...well, he just didn't expect this.
Castiel silently cursed Naomi. He cursed her for coming into his life and ruining it. He cursed her for making him feel like an outsider to his own family. He cursed her for feigning concern when he knew she was just after control. And he cursed her the most for making him hide this part of his life. For creating an environment where he couldn’t even tell his own father about the love of his life!
“Said what? What did he say?” Jo questioned.
“And if...
“Are you kidding me? You didn’t pick Michael up out of the school he’s been going to his entire life to toss him into some other system!” His father and Naomi exchanged another look. After a beat of silence, he sat up taller in his chair. “Why?” He asked simply.
“What are you trying to say?”
Dean looked up into the mirror and immediately felt stupid, Cas's notes had made him blush like a twelve year old girl. He drew his eyes back to the note.
. It was named after the rather...eccentric owner. Charlie relayed a story about a time a fight had almost broken out one night. Instead of kicking the teenagers out, Garth had taken out sock puppets and made them talk through their problems. Since then, the place had quite the reputation. Charlie had been shocked when Castiel told her that he’d never been there. She couldn’t believe he’d been in town for six months and he’d never been taken to eat there by any of them. They had really dropped the ball.
Dean woke up around ten and snuck downstairs to the engine bay. He didn’t want to deal with Gabe or Jo at the moment.
." He spat out quickly, cringing as he spoke the words again.
“Deeeaaaaannn.” Cas moaned wantonly. Dean picked up the pace and just as he thought Cas was about to loose it, he backed down, taking up a relaxed pace.
Castiel decided to take a shower to keep himself from doing anything he’d regret later. The hot spray helped him relax a little, but he was still upset about the news. When he stepped out of the shower, he was greeted with a few texts from Balthazar warning him not to say anything to Naomi until he’s had a chance to calm down. Castiel smiled in spite of himself. Damn Balthazar for knowing him so well.
Dean looked down at the clothing and smiled. He walked up to the cupboard and pulled down a mug for himself.
texting killed the battery on Cas’ phone? The irony was not lost on Dean.
“Yeah?” Cas replied, if nothing else to indicate that he had heard what Sam said.
Naomi sat at one end of the table, Bartholomew at the other. Michael was to Naomi’s left, and Anna sat next to Michael, leaving the last open seat across from the young couple.
” Jo asked incredulously.
“Hey, that’s ok,” Mary soothed, “It’s ok, we have a little time, it’s ok. Depending on the CT results, they might have to keep you a couple days. I can hold the contact stuff off for a little while, but you might want to think about some alternate solutions,” Mary suggested.
“You’re not supposed to be awake yet,” Dean said softly.
Dean orders a cheese burger and a beer and Cas orders the same. They make small talk about their backgrounds, Dean mostly talking about his younger brother, Sam.
“Thank you, but I just want to wear my own clothes,” Castiel said. Dean looked worried. With a sigh, Cas walked up and took his boyfriend’s hands.
“You’re so annoying,” Castiel said with a smile, leaning in for a small kiss.
“My dad owns an insurance company. Naomi does something in that realm as well...I’m not exactly sure what. And my brother is employed under Naomi,” Cas explained. Dean’s eyebrows raised on their own accord.
Finally, Dean removed his fingers and slowly slid into Cas. The dark haired man moaned Dean's name and wantonly pushed himself back onto Dean.
“What are you talking about? Why? What-”
“So this whole ‘enemies’ thing…” Dean started with a laugh. Castiel chuckled.
“Love you too, Dean. I’m sorry about the hickeys. But maybe be sure Amara catches a glimpse of them. Okloveyoubye.” Cas tacked on. He quickly ended the call before Dean could say anything else.
As always, kudos and comments are appreciated...dare I say even cherished
“I’m sorry...It’s just- I didn’t- I forgot-” he stammered, his eyes finally settling on Dean. “I just remembered today is Dean’s birthday,” he admitted, going with the truth.
“Cas?”
"They're not up here!" Dean shouts to Cas.
“All is forgiven, brother,” Gabriel said, practically leaping from the couch to inspect the bottle.
“I should head back,” he said, showing Dean the time. They stood up and Dean followed Castiel up the stairs, grabbing his boyfriend’s ass briefly on the ascension. Castiel whipped his head to face Dean and smirked.
“Uh. Yeah. Thanks,” he replied. Luckily, she didn’t dwell on it.
“Because we’re gonna watch a movie,” Dean stated as if there were no other possible explanation.
“You know, I tried,” she went on, “I tried guiding you away from that lifestyle. I guess I was too late introducing you to God. You were already too far gone.”
Well, he didn't get into trouble
Sabotage
“Shit. No. I never thought this would happen here, so I’m not really...prepared,” Castiel justified.
The quick drive to Cas' house was uncomfortable at best. Both boys had a lot of things on their minds, but neither of them particularly wanted to voice those things.
"Damn."
“Ah,” Charlie said upon realization, “you’ve got a homophobe on your hands, huh?” She said knowingly. “Well don’t worry.
"Thank God," Cas whispered under his breath.
-..  .-.  .  …  …       -.-.  ---  -..  .
“I’m sorry,” Cas said into Dean’s shoulder. Dean pulled back and looked at Cas for a moment. He sat back down on his bed and Castiel opted to sit on the futon. He didn’t know how much he was ready to tell Dean. He knew he needed to apologize; that was objective number one, but he wasn’t sure how deep the conversation was going to go.
They shared another brief kiss before settling down and finally falling asleep.
“Myseeellllves,” Castiel sing-songed. Balthazar sighed. Castiel was reaching his singing phase of drunkenness.
didn’t need to get into a fight with Naomi right now.
Castiel looked up at that. His eyes were stony...well, the eye that wasn’t currently being iced, and his expression was unreadable passed ‘annoyed’.
“I can’t believe they think we’re bad at these games,” Gabriel huffed.
“He had
If there was one thing Dean hated about being a fireman, it was the lack of privacy.
“Okay, Balthazar, the game we are playing is...well, basically the objective is that there are ping pong balls in this tissue box, and we are gonna tie them to our waists and try to twerk them out.”
Dean's right arm snaked around Castiel's waist as his left hand strokes the other man's cheek.
“Did I hear that Balthazar has a girlfriend?” Charlie asked. If looks could kill, Dean would’ve been turned to dust by the icy blue eyes that bore into him. He ignored it, and elected to go along with what was surely a death sentence.
“Looks like you could use some Jack in that coke,” Jo commented as she took a seat next to him. Dean laughed.
“What? Why?” Charlie asked, “Where’s Cas?” she added when she didn’t see him behind Dean, like she expected.
I’m-” Castiel just shook his head. He didn’t know where he was going with that.
“How will we mix them up so we don't know which cup has the sticker?” Castiel asked.
Naomi huffed and started walking. One officer escorted her to the front while the other hung back to get Castiel’s statement.
“Hey, that’s good. Your second choice, right?”
“Oh, no. He was such a sweet boy,” she said, pinching Dean’s cheek for effect. He rolled his eyes and pushed her off of him.
Castiel smiled into the kiss, running his hand under Dean’s shirt and up his back. After a few minutes of making out, Castiel became impatient and tugged Dean’s shirt off rather harshly. Dean got the hint, and removed Castiel’s shirt as well.
Dean kissed his way up Cas’ back, removing his shirt when it got in the way.
Castiel felt glued to the floor as Amara stood up and grabbed Dean’s hand to lead him to the private room for seven whole, unsupervised, pitch-black, steamy minutes. He couldn’t tear his eyes away if he tried. Right before he was through the threshold of the bedroom, Dean had caught Castiel’s eye. A multitude of emotions, ranging from confusion to guilt, passed through the cowboy before his line of sight was cut off. Suddenly, Castiel regained the power to use his legs and they carried him upstairs faster than he could even process what he’d seen.
Although it was truly tempting, Dean took the hint and removed his fingers. He rolled on the condom with ease and stroked his neglected cock with a lubed hand.
“So, what are we playing?” Dean asked, realizing that Gabriel probably wasn’t intending on giving the bottle of whisky back.
“Cas?” he yelled. The boy turned around and matched the look of confusion on his boyfriend’s face.
Of course, it just so happened that Dean took a seat directly across from Castiel. And that Charlie was seated at one head of the table between himself and Dean. Alfie took a seat next to Cas, and Sam sat across from Alfie. After placing the last dish on the table, Mary took her spot at the opposite head of the table.
Zachariah swallowed thickly.
“Just a fireman, Cas? Why don’t you fuck off? Or do you need me to tell your boss to tell you that so you’ll actually do it?” Dean asked.
“Are?” Dean asked.
He felt an odd sense of pride as he made his way to his car and out of the neighborhood.
"Alright, see you then. Love you, too."
“Samandriel?” He asked, confused.
“I shouldn’t have brought up your dad,” he admitted, “that was...I don’t even know what that was. I guess I just still feel bad about forgetting your birthday-”
Now, both completely naked, Dean slots his body on top of Cas's causing glorious friction for both of them. He reattaches his lips to Cas's and takes both of them in one hand. He starts a slow rhythm, quickly picking up speed with the need of completion.
“You can talk to him in an hour and twenty minutes,” Naomi said, setting the hamper down in front of the washing machine.
After the ground floor looked immensely better, he got Dani out of her playpen, where she'd fallen asleep, and quietly padded up the stairs to put her to bed. Once he completed that, he crossed the hall and straightened up their bedroom, throwing the clothes littering the ground into the hamper. He made the bed and cleared their nightstands of any trash. He glanced at the clock. 9:00.
“Who has a boyfriend?” Charlie asked as she walked into the room.
“Ok,” Balthazar said, standing up to assist his coworker, “let me drive you home.” Dean broke out into uproarious laughter as Balthazar eyed him skeptically. He hadn’t told a joke, had he?
Enjoy :)
“Yeah, some chick named...what was it, Balthazar?”
“Get outta here,” a girl’s voice said.
Half an hour later, they were all settled on the couch, the opening theme to the Lego Movie pouring through the speakers. Aiden was in between the men, Dean had an arm slung around the back of the couch, his fingers playing with the hair at the nape of Cas's neck.
“Well, he’s a dick.” Dean said. He looked down at his watch. “But a punctual one, I guess. I have to leave now if I want to get back to the firehouse on time. Rufus only gives so long for lunch. If you want, you can crash at my place tonight.” Dean stood up and gave Castiel another quick kiss. “I’ll see you tomorrow. I love you.”
“I can look; I just don't touch,” she admitted.
When they had finished their popcorn, Dean stretched out and laid his arm along the back of the couch. Castiel took a peek out of the corner of his eye to see if he could find out what was going on. Dean’s eyes remained trained on the TV screen.
“Woah, you guys got in a fight? Like a fist fight?” Jo asked excitedly.
If Cas wasn’t turned on by then, the friction between them was enough to get him there. Dean’s hands grabbed Cas’s ass as they explored each other’s mouths. When they came up for air, they were both panting.
At the store, he made his way to the refrigerators and searched for his craved apple juice. He heard footsteps coming close to him.
was ordering it of him. He caught Zachariah in the hall and beckoned him into his office.
A beat passed.
“Because I said so”.
“So it looks like you owe us some money, Mr. Kokopelli,” Jo said, sticking out her hand and making a grabbing motion.
“Grounded. Zero privileges,” she stated.
“I love you,” he whispered. Castiel’s expression softened.
"Rough day at work. I'm a little sore." He explains. "But I'm fine, really."
He crawled up and placed a fiery kiss upon Dean's lips. He could feel the injured man's lips turn up in a smile against his own. Cas moved his hand to cradle Dean's head, and he deepened the kiss, moving his legs to straddle Dean. The fireman moaned when their hips met, revealing both men were quite excited.
“Oh! Whatever you’re comfortable in. It’s pretty relaxed, so you don’t need to wear slacks or anything,” she explained.
“What a dick,” Dean commented. Charlie cursed the heavens. Why did they have to get into a fight the day before the party? How was she supposed to fix this?
"What's wrong, bug? Did the storm scare you?" Dean was snuggling Dani close to him. She nodded her head and Cas walked toward his family of two.
on your
“What do you think we text about?” Castiel asked brusquely. Dean tried just shrugging it off, telling Castiel that it really wasn’t a big deal, but Castiel was having none of it.
The fourth Thursday of November was finally right around the corner, and although ‘relieved’ might have been a strong word, Castiel was at least seeing the light at the end of the tunnel. And no, he wasn’t even going to
,” she stressed, hoping that Dean could see or sense her genuineness.
And he knew he had treated Dean like shit.
“I have been waiting for hours for you to come home,” Naomi stated, as if she were staying up just because she was worried. Castiel knew better. He knew she waited up for him because she liked to be in control, and if Naomi didn’t know where he was at all times, she wasn’t in control of him.
"They were irritating my eyes."
“Oh, uh...I mean, would you mind too much calling me Alfie?” He asked timidly.
“Sit,” Cas instructed, “eat,” Dean stiffly walked over to the table and took a seat. It felt a little bit like a trap. He discreetly searched his food for anything that might look suspicious. Dean decided that it was safe and took his first bite. It was cold, but still good nonetheless. They sat in a tense silence, Dean eating while Castiel finished his glass of wine. It was anyone’s guess as to how many glasses he had drunk in the time it took Dean to get home.
Dean took his usual seat on the right side of the classroom and waited for his boyfriend to show up. Dean laughed a little bit when he realized this is probably what Cas did every morning. The smile left his face when Cas sat in his usual seat in front of Dean without saying a word.
“Ok,” Charlie said after a minute, “who have you chosen to play?”
"Anybody home?" He hollers out.
“Christmas Eve,” he replied only after a moment.
said you liked it when I surprised you!” Dean defended, thoroughly enjoying his fiancé’s glare. “Not for nothing Cas, but the last time you looked at me like that...I got laid.”
“What’s got you so anxious?” Balthazar asked as he placed his dirty clothes in his locker. Castiel stopped playing with his hair long enough to look at Balthazar in the mirror.
It didn’t take long for things to get back to normal. Well, as normal as Castiel’s life could be. He gave a not-so-smooth excuse as to why he was acting strange that night and Dean and Charlie seemed to give him the benefit of the doubt. The three of them hung out as frequently as he was able to without Naomi nagging him about being out too much. He felt a small amount of guilt for keeping his two closest friends away from Naomi and his father, but he reasoned that it was for their own good. They did not need to experience Naomi’s indecency first hand. He felt they were all better off if they didn’t hang out at Castiel’s house. At least, not when Naomi was home.
He wanted a lot of things. He wanted to be on his phone or his laptop. He wanted his mom. He wanted his family the way it used to be. He wanted to be back in Chicago. He wanted Dean.
What was he supposed to do about
“Oh. So...what about your dad?”
“She...hit me...last night. Got me pretty good,” he admitted, not being able to say much more without breaking down into tears.
Sorry for the wait, this chapter isn't quite as long, but I promise next chapter will be fantastic! Enjoy!
“Naomi and I have made the decision...to separate,” he revealed. Castiel’s jaw dropped to the floor, his brother’s expression quite identical.
“Have you seen her, Alfie?” He asked hopefully. The boy just shook his head and looked at him with apologetic eyes. That was when Castiel piped up.
“When Jody brought in those donuts,” she prompted, “you both reached for the last plain glazed and he totally let you have it!”
“I installed a tracking device to his phone. I checked it this morning,” she admitted.
He pulled out his cell phone and texted his father that he would be at a friend’s house until late tonight. His father texted back his acknowledgement and a reminder to make curfew at half past midnight a few minutes later. Alfie and Sam rode with Castiel to the Winchester household.
“You asking if I masturbate?”
The brit’s jaw clenched as he thought about how to respond. He could very well throw Dean under the bus and end the whole shit-show that has been plaguing him for the past few months. He was about to do just that when he saw something in Dean’s eyes. He took a deep breath.
"No, you don't understand I have to-"
"Everything all right, Dean? You're limping."
“Ho Ho Ho, Meeeerrrry Christmas,” he bellowed, causing Cas to laugh for the first time in weeks. Sam came in behind him, sporting an elf’s hat. Together, the brothers handed out presents.
"You were named after an angel? That's badass." Dean says with a smile.
"Is that why it was so quiet here?" Dean looks back at Cas, who's still on the couch where he'd left him. Cas just smiles and gives his daughter an apologetic look. She throws her hands up and walks upstairs to her bedroom. Dean notices she left her cell phone on the table in the entryway. He goes over and grabs it, then sits back on the couch. He shows it to Cas, then shoves it between the cushions. Then he turns on the tv and throws an arm around Cas.
They deliberated as teams once again, strategically picking out their opponents.
“My spark plugs sure didn’t think it was so innocent,” Castiel commented.
Once that task was complete, they went around opening the gifts, Mary oohing and ahhing at everything. Castiel tried to be annoyed by it, but couldn’t find it in himself to keep the frown on his face.
did he mean by calling you ‘just a fireman’?” Gabe shouted.
“Why the long face?” Mary asked, having picked up on the shift in Castiel’s mood. Cas tried to brush it off, but she wasn’t having it.
“I asked if you've ever been to a zoo before,” Dean repeated.
“And this must be Anna,” she pulled the woman into a hug, surprising Castiel...and by the looks of it, Anna as well. “She’s beautiful, Michael.”
He took another step closer, pressing the length of his body against Cas. Castiel welcomed the contact, moving to straddle Dean’s leg, earning a deep moan from the standing man as Cas started to rut against the leg.
“Call it what you want, it makes no difference to me,” he said. Castiel smiled and leaned in for one last kiss. He got to the end of the hallway before he remembered something.
When he was changed into pajamas and settled under his covers, he unlocked his phone and pulled up Dean’s contact. He decided not to tell Dean everything, too embarrassed and shaken to admit to someone what had just happened.
“Your
"He's sick," Dean informed her, looking down at the table.
She walks up to Cas, who's beaming at his daughter. She kisses his cheek and looks over his shoulder at the stove.
in control.” Punctuating his statement by trailing kisses along Dean’s jaw and down his neck. Dean shut his eyes and enjoyed this moment. Nothing could make it more perfect than it already was.
As the warm water cascaded down his back, he thought desperately of ways to make it up to Dean. He knew he needed to do a little more than give a simple apology. He needed to give a full explanation, but Castiel
The hot-spots of the party were the kitchen (where the alcohol was flowing freely) and the basement (where there was a ping-pong table). There was a small group of kids in the living room on the main floor dancing and playing drinking games. Castiel knew there was going to be a portion of party-goers that just wanted to hook up, so he took extra precautions protecting his parents’ room from being defiled. Don’t get him wrong - he thought it would be hilarious to have wholly unsupervised, horny teenagers getting it on where Naomi slept, but he wasn’t about to risk getting caught because of a questionable stain or a misplaced item.
"Please what?" He asked, a smirk on his face as he kept up the torturously slow pace.
Cas had to stuff a pillow in his face to keep his laughter down. That was funniest thing Cas had witnessed in a long time. Dean ripped the pillow out of Cas's grasp and and promptly hit him upside the head with it.
He wanted Dean so badly, but he didn’t know how to ask. Of course, Dean would be over in a heartbeat if Castiel so much as called out his name, but Cas just didn’t know. Things had been...weird between them lately. He just didn’t know how to act around anybody. Everything about Castiel’s life was strained, and his relationship with Dean was no exception.
“Maybe he’s having dinner with his family and he can’t look at his phone,” Mary proposed. Dean nodded his head from side to side, not thoroughly convinced of that theory.
Castiel toweled off and got dressed for work. He hated working for his father at that vile corporation. The only reason he stayed was to keep his life stable (financially and personally). Although his father wasn't a physically intimidating man, he could make life hell for Castiel if his son walked away from him.
Castiel looked into Dean’s eyes. The same ones he used to get lost in every day.
"You guys are so gross!" Dani calls over her shoulder on her way to the living room.
Dean barely got a chance to close the door before he was being pushed against it, attacked by Castiel. Their mouths met and it tasted like heaven. Dean grabbed Cas's hips and fought with him for dominance. It wasn't much of a fight, Cas had made it clear who was in charge back in the car. And damn if Dean didn't find it hot as fuck.
“Anna!” Bartholomew greeted from the stove, where it appeared he was making eggs.
kind of family. The kind with the fighting and the baggage.
“What else could you possibly want from me!?” He snapped.
. He didn’t have time to question it either as at that moment, the popcorn was finished popping and Charlie once again threw Castiel the bag to pour out while she salted the previous bowl.
“Why what?” His father replied.
“Yeah.”
“I can’t believe I didn’t think of that,” she grumbled, “Gabriel is getting antsy about the betting pool money.”
I was standing ten feet away and I could feel the tension.”
“Yeah, well...I’m here now. What are we playin’?” he asked, trying to keep most of the frustration out of his voice. “Got any beer?” he added. Charlie nodded and gestured towards the fridge. As he grabbed a cold one, Jo stood up and prepared to explain the game to everyone.
“What?” Cas asked, barely above a whisper.
Gabe!” Castiel said, turning and pointing a finger at the suddenly very shocked looking biology teacher. Cas came down from the high of winning and pieced together the answer. “Will you marry me? Will you…” he turned around to see Dean on one knee, a small black box in his hand, and a tear in his eye.
Dean found Charlie in the kitchen, chatting up a cute blonde. When she noticed Dean, she waved him over.
Balthazar asked. He was just starting to like Dean, what with all the stories Castiel told him over their skype sessions. Balthazar knew Castiel could get a little mouthy when he was drunk, but even if they
"Let's go to bed," Dean says. He takes Cas's hand and leads him to the bedroom, where they make love slowly and fall asleep in a tangled mass of limbs.
"What did I tell you about being quiet?" Dean asked rhetorically. "And licking my hand isn't going to do anything either," he said with a smile. He removed his hand and replaced it with his mouth. Cas' tongue felt much better in his mouth. Dean rolled his hips deliciously onto Cas'.
house. He walked into his bathroom and locked the door behind him. He carefully lifted up the window, pulled up the flashlight on his cell phone, and assessed his possible descent paths. There was a rather sturdy branch above the window he could easily hang from as he found footing on the lower branches. Plus, it would be possible for him to climb back into his bathroom since the tree was planted so close to the house.
Dean walked down the hall and into his bedroom, where Cas was trying to fall back asleep on their bed. Dean crawled in and wrapped himself around Cas.
They stayed like that for a while, Castiel absently playing with Dean’s shirt, Dean leisurely running his fingers through Castiel’s hair. It was peaceful.
us,” he added, throwing a glare the trickster’s way. Gabriel’s jaw hung open with indignance.
“Shit,” Cas hissed. He pulled his wrist to his chest. He looked up into Dean’s worried eyes. “I’m fine, let’s keep going,” Cas said.
Dean had mixed emotions about the note. He was a little pissed Cas didn't have the balls to say this to his face, but he was relieved to know Cas had gotten his head screwed on straight.
“Well I guess that makes two of us.” Came Dean’s pleased remark. Cas smiled and kissed Dean on the lips again.
“You’re still down by one,” Gabriel pointed out. Castiel shrugged as he took his seat to watch the other groups go.
“I’m sorry, mom,” he started, “I know I shouldn’t have lied to you, but Cas and I were kind of in the middle of a fight, and I was going over there to try and sort it out and…” he trailed off, not exactly knowing where that sentence was taking him. She seemed to take his explanation in stride.
Dean stalked up and down the break room, not enjoying the ‘time-out’ Mary put him in.
“As long as I was back at a reasonable time, I didn't think it mattered,” he replied, turning to face her.
“The...other shit. Like, I made a jab at him over the socks at Charlie’s, and he looked guilty about it. And like...I’m really not even mad about the socks. I’m not! He needed them more. It was just everything else. The breakfast, and the shopping, and the not doing laundry, and forgetting my birthday! Who forgets their boyfriend’s fucking
“Ok?” Gabriel questioned.
“Men,” she lamented, gathering up her trash to throw it away.
At this point, Castiel was furious. He marched down the hallway and into the master bedroom.
“I don’t get parents like that,” Charlie judged, “they’d rather have their kid driving out at a dangerous time than let them stay the night where they know they’ll be safe."
He left out the part where he wasn’t in bed alone. It’s not like he was doing anything wrong, but he still
Dean gave Castiel a questioning look. “My dad? Why would I be talking to him?” Castiel’s jaw tensed. He took a deep breath.
he acted differently in front of Naomi. She assumed it was because he wanted to impress her or something. When she was following Dean to the hospital, she thought she was going to have to break up with Michael. How could she be with someone who acted so differently...so
Dean blushed and tried covering it up. He’d completely forgotten about the hickeys Cas had given him.
“Cas…”
“Well...I’ve been kind of interested in the law...and I was reading about emancipation. You only have to be 16 to apply, and you can-”
“Oh fuck, Dean,” Castiel moaned as he was enveloped by those sinful lips. He tried to grab hold of Dean’s hair, but the strands were too short to really get a good grip. Cas felt strong hands make their way up the backs of his thighs, squeezing the flesh every so often. When they reached the meat of his ass, Cas let out a yelp and thrust forward into Dean’s mouth.
fault that my stupid fucking sexy boyfriend decided to dress up in something he
Dean didn’t so much as sleep as he did drift in and out of consciousness. He woke up a total of four times before 8:30; each time they were in a different position. Dean decided Cas could use a proper wake up call.
"That was four days ago. Four loooong days," Dean complained. Cas rolled his eyes and returned to his spot on the couch. He grabbed his controller and gave a disapproving look at Dean.
"So, what is on our agenda today? A bank robbery? Drag racing? Selling pot to minors?"
“At the school,” Castiel said, “fixing my schedule. Which I took care of last week, actually,” Castiel divulged.
“Hey, hey...it’s ok, babe,” Dean comforted. Castiel turned his face into Dean’s stomach and Dean immediately wrapped his arms around his boyfriend.
Cas smiled and felt his eyes water just a tiny bit. He remembered vividly when he left notes around for Dean. Except then, he was apologizing. Cas started to wonder if Dean was apologizing for something in advance. With a small forming pit in his stomach, Cas moved into the bedroom, not even checking to see if Charlie was following him. He strode over to the dresser and collected the note resting atop it.
“Uhh...thanks. For helping me clean up this morning. That would’ve taken all day by myself,” Castiel said. Charlie just waved him off.
,” Cas said playfully. It was Dean’s turn to shake his head.
“Yes you are! You’re standing here trying to-”
Balthazar took a sip of his and started, “Can I assume this has something to do with yesterday?” Dean looked at his coworker for the first time since he entered the place and sighed.
. I’ve told you to vacuum the living room
“Hiding from the politics?” she asked. Castiel gave a short nod and took a sip of water.
“Sit in a
“So, I’m going to ask again; where have you been?” Naomi challenged, digging into her scrambled eggs after having finished her fruit.
. He flicked down his cigarette butt and used his shoe to grind it into the concrete. He made eye contact with the singer for a brief moment before turning around the corner and heading back inside.
to get her wrist looked at.”
“Alright, so basically the point of this game is to get an oreo from your forehead into your mouth without using your hands. Since there’s six of us, we’ll do three head-to-heads, then a semi-final of those three winners, then a championship match between the remaining two. Sound good?”
"Well, not as hot as you, baby." Dean says, blushing at being caught calling somebody else hot; let alone a girl.
“Woah. You guys remodeled,” Castiel japed. He looked over and noticed Charlie giving him a weird look. He awkwardly averted his eyes down to his shoes.
Castiel cursed as he stood up and ripped the couch cushion back in search of his phone. He heard a soft thud and picked his phone up from where it had been unceremoniously tossed in his haste to find it.
Delaying no further, he walked to Dean’s room.
“Really, Cas, we don’t have to do this now. I shouldn’t have even brought it up. It’s nothing.”
Castiel chuckled at the brit’s quip.
"You wanted to see me?" Dean asked, trying not to think about what he'd been doing not five minutes ago.
“You know your father and I can’t do all of the housework on our own. Not while working full time,” she said.
“Now go clean up that trash. I didn’t raise you like that,” she said, giving him a pointed look before returning to Castiel’s room.
“What? No, I’m not doing that,” Castiel refused. She took a step towards him.
“I’m sorry,” Bart whispered, “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry,” he repeated over and over again, soothing his son as they stood outside of the restaurant. Bart didn’t realize how much this had affected Castiel.
“Oh, um...we met when I was a kindergartener in Chicago. We were best friends until I moved here,” he answered, returning his attention to the problem he was solving.
“I have to go,” Castiel said quietly before turning on his heel and bolting for an exit. He was about to open his car door when a hand on his shoulder turned him around.
“What is that supposed to mean?”
"Me? I grew up in Lawrence, Kansas, but I live in Topeka now. I still visit there on the holidays, you know....mother's wishes." Dean smiles and turns back to the road.
"Oh, well," Cas shifts on the couch so that he's sitting on it with his feet on the ground, "I think I saw them on the desk upstairs." Cas nods to himself and returns his eyes to the screen. Dean heads upstairs to retrieve his glasses, but when he gets the the office, they're not on the desk.
“We should probably get cleaned up...before my mom gets home,” Dean repeated, holding eye contact with Castiel.
“C’mon Dean! Wake up, we have to leave soon!” Sam’s voice whined through the door. Dean groaned and flipped over to his back. He ran his hands over his face and took a deep breath.
“Are you trying to get in my pants?” Dean asked.
The crazy thing was; Cas loved Dean too. For his entire twenty three years, Castiel had never had time to be in love. Right now, though, something inside him felt free, something about Dean just felt…right.
"What does he even want?" Dean asked her, scouring over the many types of candies.
Cas woke up again a few hours later. He sighed when he realized Dean had left and he didn't just dreamt that. He also felt very sore. He walked stiffly into the bathroom to take his own shower. After that, he gathered his clothes and drove home, a smile on his face. When he reached his apartment, he pulled out his phone and walked carefully to his bedroom for fresh clothes. He dialed his friend's number.
“So what’s the verdict?” His friend asked.
“So uh...what goes on in an arrangement anyway?” Dean chanced.
"I forgive you." Cas said, smiling through his tears. Dean smiled, too letting out a huff of air that might have been a laugh had this not been so emotional. Dean doesn't do emotional too well. They hugged again, neither of them saying anything. Finally, Dean took Cas's hand and led him upstairs to their bedroom, where Cas set his watch carefully on the nightstand before stripping Dean and riding him until they were both too exhausted to move.
"Don't say that. I'll always want to see you. As for getting me sick, I don't think it'll work since we spent an entire day wrapped around each other and I'm perfectly fine. I'm actually probably the one who got you sick."
“Michael?” Castiel called out. His brother turned his head to look at Castiel. “What are you doing here?” he asked.
fine when he started refusing to go to his appointments. That was about the time he started getting really close with Balthazar and I know for a fact that they got up to some bad stuff. Drinking and partying, among other things,” Alfie revealed.
Something was wrong.
“Hmm,” Dean hummed again, training his eyes on the TV screen.
“Is this ok?” He asked. Cas nodded and continued kissing Dean.
Sam’s eyes widened and he pressed himself close to the wall. This was about to be interesting.
"A little."
He walked into his room and ran a hand through his unruly dark hair. “That was something new.” He said to himself.
Dean looked like he was debating whether or not to tell Castiel something.
"We gotta go, boys." Benny said urgently. Cas tried to keep up, but he couldn't.
“This is the third night in a row you’ve told me you’ve gotten ‘held up’ somewhere,” Cas pointed out, using honest-to-god air quotes. He finally looked up at Dean, who resembled a deer in headlights. They stared at each other for a long moment. Finally, Castiel waved his arm in the direction of the chair in front of him.
“Cas? What’s up?” Dean left his bedroom door open a crack behind him.
He swept down onto the bed and kissed Cas with everything he had. His hand traveled down back to where it was when they were on the couch. Cas hummed in pleasure and bucked up into Dean's hand.
“So I say ‘whatever, I’m headin’ to school’ and I leave,” Dean was starting to slur now. “I’s lucky ‘cause someone brought in donuts. And I was scared it’d be empty, but it wasn’t,” he said triumphantly, raising his glass before bringing it to his lips.
“I’ve um...messed around. Down there,” he confessed awkwardly.
Sure, he’d had sex before. He had even cuddled with Balthazar in the aftermath a few times. But never had Castiel felt like this before.
, so he thought he’d quit on this day while he still could.
“You loved that costume,” Castiel pointed out, sinking down and nuzzling at the inside of Dean’s thighs.
Dean grabbed at the hem of Cas’s t-shirt until Cas took the hint that he wanted it off. The dark haired man leaned back the obliged Dean, exposing more beautiful skin for Dean to explore with his hands and tongue.
“Yeah, whatever, shut up and let me tell my story,” Dean said, a bit of humor starting to return to his demeanor. “As I was saying, I wasn’t gonna be
Cas gently pulled himself off of Dean, standing on shaky legs to grab a washcloth. Dean removed the condom and threw it in the strategically placed waste bin.
The rest of the day passed slowly and he didn’t hear from Dean at all. He kept himself busy by watching Netflix and talking to Balthazar. The British boy chastised Cas at the beginning, but they moved on and were back to normal. The day felt a bit surreal. Castiel knew there was “impending doom” waiting for him on Monday, but he blocked it out for the time being with anything else he could find. It was a relative peace that still kept his stomach in a knot. He wished for the weekend to be over, but secretly wanted Monday to take its time getting there.
job,” Dean grumbled as he shrugged on his jacket. He also figured Cas had gone ahead and went to Charlie’s house. He glanced at his phone and practically ran to his car when he noticed the time.
“Yeah, you guys totally acted like you hated each other in the beginning!” Jo added, “what with the whole ‘Cas is stuck up’ and ‘Dean is the messiest eater alive’.”
“Fuuuuuck,” Castiel breathed. He dragged his fingernails down Dean’s back. He never, ever wanted this to end. They stayed like that for a while, Castiel canting his hips and Dean leaving hickeys on Cas' chest.
“Can we go back inside now?” Cas asked, “I’m freezing.”
“No, Castiel, it’s not.” Zachariah eyed him suspiciously. “I’ll leave these on your desk. See to it you’ll go through them by lunch.” He said curtly before heading in the direction of Cas’s office.
“Why did he call you Samandriel?” Sam asked, not bothering to attempt his homework.
“Cas?”
Castiel nodded, “Indeed it does.” Charlie laughed.
"Who was that?" Dean asked as he sat next to Cas on the couch. He picked up a piece of popcorn and threw it up in the air before catching it in his mouth. Cas rolled his eyes fondly and replied.
"Mmm...Dean." Castiel moans out as he clutches Dean's shirt. Their mouths meld together, tongues sliding against each other. Dean pulls Castiel towards him then lays him on his back, never breaking contact with their mouths. Dean slides a thigh between Castiel's legs and they both moan at the contact. Dean focuses his attention on Castiel's neck, nipping at it and then licking over the abused skin.
“You gotta problem with that?” Dean asked playfully, sliding off the bed.
Castiel’s jaw clenched and he scanned his father for...something. A look perhaps, that would mean that all of this wasn’t happening, or possibly that he would stand up for his son. His father refused to meet his eyes.
“Why didn’t you tell me sooner?” she asked, reaching behind her and throwing a pillow at Dean. She was almost offended it took so long for her to find out.
Dean didn’t take long divesting Castiel of his own shirt, tossing it to the side before diving back in to claim his lips once more. Cas pulled back and bared his neck, inviting Dean to do with it what he pleased. Dean smirked and peppered kisses along Cas’ jaw, down his neck - stopping briefly to nibble at his pulse point, but not enough to leave a mark - finally arriving at Cas’ beautiful collar bone. He sucked hard at the skin there, Cas’ hands trying to find purchase in his shortly cropped hair.
Laughter startled Dean out of his sleep.
“Ma’am, we don’t want to have to handcuff you. Just come with us.”
“Well, that’s good to hear. Things are pretty boring around here without you,” Balthazar said.
Dean seemed to be recovering well, complaining less and less about the god awful casts each day. As the fireman nodded off while leaning his head on Cas’s shoulder, Cas couldn’t help but think that there was no place he’d rather be.
Castiel just stood there, his mouth agape. He was hoping this wasn’t all just some dream that he would wake up from. When he realized this was - in fact - reality, he closed his mouth.
“Then leave!” Castiel shouted right back.
“That’s what I thought,” Dean practically growled. He claimed Cas' lips in a fierce kiss that left the dark haired boy breathless.
While he was sending that snapchat, someone came in and sat next to him, kicking his feet up on the table. Castiel jumped a little at the sudden movement. He looked over and almost laughed at the student. He had a shaggy mullet, torn jeans, and a red flannel with the sleeves ripped off.
“Fine. Where would you like to go?” Charlie grinned wide and hugged Cas.
Dean went back upstairs to watch TV with Sam and his mom. Apparently, his mood showed on his face, because Mary was on him as soon as he sat down.
Cas groaned, feigning pain as Dean lay on top of him.
“I’m sorry I punched Balthazar in the face,” Dean said bluntly, “and I’m sorry for leaving all the cleaning to you and him.” Castiel took a few steps forward.
“For what?”
“Okay! Maybe we should all head home. It’s been a long day,” she suggested, grabbing Dean by the arm and dragging him out of the conference room.
"Oh, did you see that?! Ha! Classic!" Dean bellowed after having struck Cas with a red shell, causing poor Toad to spin out and Princess Peach quickly took the lead. "Cheap shot," Cas rebutted. He playfully bumped Dean's shoulder and scrambled to catch up.
“I guess I could swing tonight,” he said eventually, having mentally rearranged his calendar. Castiel nodded absently. Truth be told, he couldn’t think of anything past his assessment today.
“So you haven’t contacted him?”
“Shut up, Dean!” Sam said. The boy, Dean, just kept laughing.
“No! Dean, wait!” Castiel pleaded, lunging off the futon and catching Dean’s arm with his hand in the same manner Dean had done to him, twice. Dean stopped and looked slowly from Cas' hand, up his arm, and to his face.
“Patience, young grasshopper.” Dean teased while slicking himself up. He pushed in slowly, intently trained on keeping himself together at the tightness of Cas surrounding him.
“You know, you never told me where you got that hickey,” Balthazar said, eyes dropping down to Cas’ neck. The bruise had since faded, but Castiel’s hand went to rub at where it had been. He felt sweat starting to prickle at his hairline. He blushed and looked away, trying to think of how to reply to his coworker.
,” Cas gawked at the awful pick up line. They laughed as they slotted their bodies perfectly into each other.
“That’s something you’d be willing to do?” Bart asked. Castiel shrugged and looked around to keep himself from looking at his father.
“That will
After a short moment, the two boys heard a timid knock on the door. They shared a look before Castiel rolled off the bed and swung it open.
“I’m not sure I’m following you, mom,” Dean said. She just gave him a
Balthazar asked. He felt like he was talking to a second grader.
“Hey, Cas. Where've you been?” Castiel was shocked that the person to greet him was Dean. He also paused at the nickname. He hadn't been called Cas in a long time. Balthazar preferred the pet name ‘Cassie’ and everyone else just used his full name.
"If Aiden's eating with us then I'm assuming there are meatballs involved as well," Castiel asked knowingly. Aiden wouldn't eat spaghetti unless there were meatballs.
“They’re perfect for each other!” she insisted, “they just need to realize it.”
“What does she do?”
Cas asked.
Castiel hung up and he couldn’t possibly stop grinning. He hadn’t gotten to say those words to Balthazar in a long time. He was getting more and more eager about Friday by the minute.
“I’m sorry. I must’ve spaced out,” Castiel apologized, he braced one hand on Dean’s chest to balance himself as he looked into the green eyes. “What were you saying?”
Dean kissed the skin below Castiel’s belly button before going right back, taking in a few more inches of Cas' cock. He could feel his boyfriend’s abdomen tense as he started a rhythm. What he didn’t fit into his mouth, he stroked with one hand.
"I'm sorry, sir, but are you related to this Dean Winchester?" She asked.
"Someone go get Cas! Looks like he's comin' 'round!" The gruff voice yelled.
Castiel jumped when his phone vibrated again. He pulled up Dean’s contact and called him, wiping away tears he wasn’t aware were there.
, goddamnit!
” Castiel asked, growing impatient. Why were his damn test results taking forever?
“It was fun catching up, but I have to deliver this to Dean, bye.” Jo rushed out of the apartment and sped walked to her car. She was speeding back to the station but she didn’t really notice.
Much to his disappointment, his legs grew tired of this position very quickly. Pulling himself back up towards Dean, he absently promised himself he’d work on his legs in gym. He pushed Dean so he was lying on his back once more. From this angle, Cas could really rut up against his boyfriend. They found an achingly sweet pace, Castiel just teetering on the edge.
“I’m sorry...this is just...too great,” Balthazar said through his laughter, “Charlie’s
“What’s your middle name?” Cas asked.
During the day of the fire, Dean had visited Benny when Cas was with the doctors. Benny would be laid up for a few weeks, possibly months, with his broken leg. He kept insisting that he owed Dean for coming back and lifting the debris off his leg, but Dean refused to accept anything. He was just doing what was right.
“I can barely hear you, let’s go upstairs,” Dean suggested, pointing the direction he wanted to go. Cas turned around and started climbing the stairs. Dean noticed the landing up the second staircase was empty, so he pointed to that and they made their way to the quieter location. With the noise level down to about a 6, they boys only had to raise their voices slightly in order to hear each other.
“What's wrong, Cassie?” He asked.
“No, he seemed pretty confident that Led Zeppelin is a shit band. No goddamn taste!” he declared, throwing his arms up as he stalked off. Luckily, Charlie didn’t chase him, because he couldn’t stop the smile that was creeping onto his face.
of my girlfriend,” Dean joked. Castiel pulled himself out of Dean’s grip and went to open his car door again.
“Well then don't leave your door open,” the little brother shot back.
“Well, since we apparently have no shot at winning anything, I am going to refill my glass,” Balthazar announced, “do you want anything, Jo?”
Dean couldn't spot the one he dropped Cas off at. A paramedic came up and helped Benny into the vehicle. There were other people on the bench running along the right side of the ambulance. When they got Benny on, they closed the doors and raced off to the nearest hospital, leaving Dean in the parking lot of the burning building.
“Because....because-”
Cas carefully made his way to the front door. He closed his eyes and inhaled fully. He pictured Dean’s smile, and his eyes, and the way he scrunched his eyebrows when Cas would wake him up. A feeling of serenity washed over Cas, but as soon as he opened his eyes to the dark brown wood of the front door, the feeling vanished. Instead, it was replaced with excitement, not worry.
Dean walked back into the bedroom after his shower to find Cas exactly how he left him. He changed into his work clothes and sauntered over to Cas’s side of the bed. He ran a hand through that relentless dark mop of hair and kissed Cas’s forehead.
"Well, he went in and extracted a little boy from the flames. It's my belief that when he went back in, the roof collapsed on him as well as a few other fire fighters. His lungs are damaged, he has a pretty bad concussion, and a lot of broken bones. He won't be leaving the hospital for some time. Right now he's in a coma, but from what we can tell, he should wake up at any time," the doctor relayed.
“Thank you, for the burgers and the…” Castiel trailed off, looking down at the tile in the bathroom.
“Ah, yes, well...Gabriel does have a tendency to get us drunker than we anticipate,” he agreed, “did you like the company, at least?”
“Thank you, Balthazar. I’ll be sure to keep in better touch. Drive safe.” Castiel said as he walked his friend to the door. They waved and Cas retreated back into his apartment.
?” The boy on the screen teased. Balthazar knew Cas’ dad never called him down for good news. Cas smiled a little bit at the jab. The Brit smiled himself; the least he could do was put Castiel in a relatively good mood for what was about to come.
sometimes he drives me up a fucking wall!”
“Is today the anniversary of when his mom…oh shit,” Dean trailed off, a wave of understanding washing over him. Sam was still confused.
Back to School
had gone inside. She put her slight bout of jealousy aside to listen to her friend as he continued.
After that, they took a shot of that awful brandy and sat around trading birthday stories. It was actually pretty entertaining, and Dean found himself laughing at more than one of his coworker’s anecdotes. But, every time his eyes wandered to Castiel, he felt a twinge in his chest and had to force himself to look away.
should be sorry,” Cas said, rising from the bed and walking towards Dean. He wrapped him in a hug and the pair stood there for a while, gently swaying side to side.
As Balthazar told Cas about his journey (that may have involved briefly watching a high-speed chase on the outskirts of Chicago), they walked towards the backside of Cas' house. When they approached the back patio, Balthazar let out a short whistle.
“Ok, ok...so maybe they
"Right." Castiel stands there kind of awkwardly. He'd be lying if he said this Dean guy wasn't attractive. Now, being alone with him, his mind wanders to some very.....unlikely scenarios. "Don't do this to yourself" Castiel thinks. "He's probably straight anyway."
“Yeah, but he said he’d be in even more trouble if he stayed over,” Dean recounted.
Castiel sighed. He could tell Dean was upset. Mincing his words. Castiel was mad at
my first boyfriend,” Castiel said, “you just won’t be my first kiss. Or my first time,” Castiel divulged, eyes flicking down to glance at Dean’s lips. Dean smirked at that last part.
my room. Get out,” Cas repeated forcefully. When he didn’t hear any signs of the couple making an effort to leave, he barged in.
“Dean?” A low voice called out. Dean dropped his head. Today just kept getting better and better. He turned to face his boyfriend.
Dean managed to get Castiel into the passenger seat and buckle him up without too much trouble. When he was buckled in his own seat and headed back towards his own house, he spoke up.
“About eleven,” Dean answered. He mustered up the courage to ask, “is it alright if I...stay in my room...with Cas?” he chanced. “We’ll keep the door open and everything,” he added. Mary tilted her head and looked skeptically between her son and her son’s boyfriend.
“Well, you got me,” Dean said. Castiel beamed and kissed him.
“I’m gonna go grab my phone. If you don’t have any plans, would you want to help me tackle the basement?” Castiel asked hopefully.
“If you keep that up, I’m going to have to wear a turtleneck,” Castiel pointed out. Dean chucked against his neck, the hot puffs of breath sending a shiver down Cas’ spine. He relinquished his hold on Cas and strode into the bedroom to get dressed.
Like a kid on Christmas Day, Cas ripped back the sheets and searched around for his phone. He found it in the front pocket of his jeans. He walked back to his bed and sat down before searching through his contacts for Dean’s number.
The smile didn’t leave Dean’s face as he made his way to the kitchen. Mary noticed her eldest son was in a much better mood. She was happy for Dean.
"Cas, are you hurt? Why are you limping?" Dean was just given coughs for an answer. Benny met them at the door they entered in.
“My dad is summoning me,” Castiel told his friend dejectedly.
here, you can’t just uproot-” Castiel yelled.
“Whose blue eyes?” Balthazar pressed, heart pounding faster.
to him?
They shared a hug and Dean was on his way to his apartment.
“Everything in order?” Balthazar asked.
On Friday, the last thing he needed for game night was supposed to be solidified, but when he showed up, he hit a snag, causing him to come home much later than he had anticipated. It wouldn’t have been such a big deal if he hadn’t also come home late the last two nights.
“Well, Cas is on my team. You’re not,” Charlie pointed out. Dean rolled his eyes. Castiel lifted his head from the snow and Dean smiled down at him. Just then, Castiel was hit by another snowball. Then another. And another. Dean acted quickly and covered Cas' body with his own.
“Uh, well…” Alfie/Samandriel looked quite uncomfortable at this point, “my real name is Samandriel, but when I moved here I started going by Alfie,” he explained. After that revelation came uproarious laughter from the attractive boy. Castiel just melted at his laugh. He almost wanted to join in, but he quickly collected himself before he could do anything embarrassing.
“Ah, yes. If these walls could talk…” Balthazar quipped. “Well, in any case, I do like the way you’ve decorated,” Balthazar said, turning to leave.
“No!” Castiel said firmly. He winced at the volume and controlled himself before speaking again. “It’ll be worse if I stay than if I get home as soon as possible,” Castiel said, pacing towards the hallway and bounding up the stairs. Dean followed him to the front door.
"What?" She asks. "What did you do to it? Are you sitting on it?!" She asks, bolting to the couch to retrieve her prized possession. Both Dean and Cas are laughing uncontrollably. Dani just stands there with her arms crossed, tapping her foot impatiently for one of them to give her her phone back. Castiel relents first, reaching between the cushions to retrieve her phone. He hands it back to her, wiping a stray tear from his face.
"Ready for our shift, brotha'?"
“Castiel,” Bartholomew started in a slightly condescending tone. The teen didn’t let him get any further.
When he parked his car, Dean’s words hit him. He was right, Cas hadn’t had a casual conversation in a week, with anyone. He needed to talk to Zachariah. Cas didn’t know why he was punishing him so cruelly, but he wouldn’t stand for it if it was impacting his personal life.
“So...does this mean you’re out?”
” Charlie stormed into her coworker’s classroom. The man in question turned towards the ruckus, a spoon of yogurt halfway to his mouth.
“You two are still friends?” Alfie inquired, trying to sound uninterested.
a couple, no; it appeared as though she was trying to push them together. It started off with small things: Charlie had Dean deliver worksheets Cas had “accidentally” sent to the printer in her lab instead of the one in the teacher’s lounge. Dean didn’t think much of it at the time, he had a free period when she asked him.
"Ok, so pick up something from his favorite eatery. He likes that Chinese place down the street from here, right?"
“So, Cas, not to be frank, but what are your intentions with Dean? He might act all tough on the outside but I know him better than anyone at the station. I’ve seen him at his lowest; and that better
Balthazar joined him at the table with two steaming cups of...something. Dean thanked the man and wrapped his hands around the mug, letting it warm him up.
“I’m sorry that I can’t cuddle with you because my boss is dumping work on me. You wouldn’t get it, you’re just a fireman.” Castiel said tiredly, not even looking at Dean as he spoke.
"Hey Dean?" Cas asked, pulling their attention away from the screen. "Have you been feeling alright?" He asked concernedly.
“I’m not your son!” Cas threw back, leveling her with his own glare.
Castiel had a few more tears slip down his cheeks throughout the speech. He wanted Dean. He wanted to forgive and forget and fall back into those forest green eyes. He wanted to kiss Dean until he couldn’t feel his lips anymore. He wanted to trace the freckles on his face into constellations. But he also felt like it couldn’t be that easy. His heart and his head were at war with each other, raging inside him, and he couldn’t get a word in edgewise. In a moment of courage, or of great stupidity, he grabbed Dean’s jacket and pulled him close, slotting his lips against Dean’s like he had a million times before. The war inside of him ceased and his heart and head could finally agree on one thing: this felt right.
is the
“Um, Cas?” Dean whispered huskily into the darkness. Cas hummed his acknowledgement. “Was there another reason you wanted to come over?” Dean asked.
Castiel sighed. Dean came back into the room and gently wacked Charlie in the back with the pillow before sitting down next to her and throwing his arm around her.
Cas smiled at that achievement.
“Bart. Bart, look at me,” when she had his attention, she spoke clearly and calmly, “we can deal with everything else later, right now, we need to make up an excuse to go help him. I don’t think it’s safe to tell Michael where he is, either. He might tell Naomi.”
“Uh, Kevin’s. Kevin Tran, the kid from my AP classes,” Castiel lied. He didn’t know why exactly he didn’t want his mother knowing about even the mere existence of Dean, but he followed his gut and decided to keep his exact location to himself.
Castiel could actually feel the sarcasm radiating off of his phone.
“Of course! I love it when she's here. She keeps you in check,” Mary said as she leveled a glare at her oldest son. There was no real malice behind it, though. Dean rolled his eyes but thanked his mom nonetheless. Sam gave a final push and the brothers were on their way to school.
“Hey Cas?” Dean asked as the man undid Dean’s belt.
“Could you grab me a towel?” he asked. Castiel was quick to oblige him, dashing into the bedroom to grab a clean one. Dean took it and dried off.
“Have you given up yet?” Gabriel asked as he sauntered into Charlie’s classroom before school started.
“How about you, what’s your favorite Jim Carrey movie?” Dean asked.
," Dean complained mockingly as he flopped back on the sheets.
“Um, I’m sorry it’s so early but...this is Dean right?”
“Yeah, it’s just uh...hard when someone’s already done that to you, ya know?” Dean said, specifically not looking at Cas.
"Sammy! Get out here, we're racing tanks!" Dean yells in the general direction if the house. Sam comes out of the front door and walks next up next to Dean.
“But then I wouldn’t get to run my hands all over this gorgeous body,” Dean complained, rubbing Cas’ waist as he tightened his hold on the man.
for De-”
“Ok,” Dean nodded, “and they can’t fire us because we’re gay?”
Dean chuckled softly, remembering he said something similar not too long ago.
“For what?”
Cas sat there for a moment, pondering Dean’s answer.
“What? No! I’m not leaving him here,” Dean argued.
Everyone yelled at Gabriel for that comment, shouts of “he literally proposed” and “look at that ring!” and “are you blind?”
“I’m not cheating on Cas!” Dean insisted, “I may be an idiot, but I’m not
“That was because I was expecting to get some last night,” Cas revealed with another roll of his hips. “Too bad you had fuck that up, huh?” Their kisses turned harsher, more desperate. Dean started to pull Cas' pants down his legs. The boy on top shimmied out of them, kicking them down his legs when Dean couldn’t reach anymore.
"Why did you ask to talk if you weren't going to say anything?" Cas asked, obviously annoyed with Dean's quietness. Dean continued to just stare at the ground, reigning in his thoughts to produce the words he wanted to say instead of the ones he didn't. It was beginning to feel like last night all over again.
“Thank you for cleaning up the kitchen and vacuuming the living room,” she started, “it should have never taken that long, but a deal is a deal. You cleaned up and apologized for your actions, so you’ve earned your privileges back.”
“Well, yeah I took fix sucking- no, six fucking shots of tequila, so...yeah,” he pointed out.
“This video is going viral!” Charlie said, wiping a stray tear from her face. The men both turned to her and laughed. Cas kept his hand laced with Dean’s as he gave Charlie a one armed hug.
“Well, for starters, since you are a minor, you’re going to have to contact a parent or guardian about this little visit,” Mary started.
. Cas. I was joking, and you acted like Cas didn’t know right from wrong,” Anna explained.
The redhead rolled her eyes and crossed her arms in front of herself. “Right? I think something’s up.”
“Uhh...squirrels. Ran out of nice socks this morning,” he explained, casting a glare at his boyfriend. Cas seemed to read the message and had the decency to look at least a little guilty. He covered it by taking a sip of his wine.
"I forgive you." Dean replied. Cas let out a relieved exhale.
“I’m sorry, Dean. I didn’t know! Hell, you made sure specifically that none of us knew.”
“Watch that mouth of yours,” Balthazar warned.
“Oh please tell me I don’t have to be around for that,” Castiel begged. ‘Abby’ was Naomi’s sister. Her full name was Abaddon, and she sure as hell lived up to the reputation that came with that name. Naomi gave him a stern look.
“As, I guess you already know, since you brought it up at the party, Saturday was the anniversary of my mom’s death. I assume Alfie told you, since nobody else that you would know even knew about that,” Castiel said, searching for any acknowledgement from Dean. The other teen gave a quick nod to answer Castiel’s non-question.
“For the last time, Jo, his name’s Cas.” Dean said.
“Umm, wait,” Cas said, halting Dean’s movements. The boy looked at Cas from above, silently asking what was wrong. Castiel swallowed and cupped the side of Dean’s face in his hand.
“Why?” He asked, rolling over as Dean walked around his bed to his door.
“You need to watch that video again, don’t you?” Jo asked, already pulling out her phone.
Now, it was back to hospital to wait for Dean to wake up.
He slipped back into the bedroom, careful not to wake Dean. He packed the clothes he’d be wearing to work and dressed in athletic wear. Castiel glanced at the overflowing laundry basket, knowing that he should have done at least one load last night. He checked his drawer, but was unsurprised when he didn’t find any black socks. He needed to look professional today, so he tip-toed over to Dean’s dresser and stole the pair he needed. Cas stuffed them in his bag and headed off to school.
“Hey, Sammy, have you seen Charlie anywhere?” The boy asked. Castiel focused on the newcomer and was instantly entranced. He was probably the most gorgeous man Castiel had ever seen. He had short, dirty blond hair and he was maybe an inch or two taller than Castiel. He was rather built from what Cas could see through the tee and the unbuttoned plaid shirt. But what really took his breath away was the boy’s eyes. They were a piercing green that Castiel could look into forever and never tire of the color.
“Fuck,” Dean said as he slammed down the shot glass, “that just tastes like bad decisions.”
Charlie always had a knack for prying information from Dean without him even knowing it. Like tonight, how she not only got him to admit he had a boyfriend, but also what his name was. He even offered information about him such as hair and eye color. Dean was practically gushing about him. He stopped to think about what he was saying when he caught a glint in Charlie's eyes.
All at once, they were walking towards the bedroom, the mood shifting from happy to needy.
“My keys?” Castiel inquired, taking the lanyard from him and revering them like they might disappear any minute.
“If I don’t get my pants off in the next five seconds, I’m gonna explode,” Dean explained, undoing the button and zipper of his jeans. Cas sat back on his heels and helped Dean pull the denim down and off Dean’s legs. There was an impressive tent in Dean’s boxers, the green cloth a bit damp in one spot.
“Don't forget you have to give me a ride home,” Sam reminded his brother before rushing into the building to find Alfie.
His boyfriend was absolutely gorgeous. Freckles dusted his nose and cheeks, and his short hair was sticking in all directions (although Castiel had a feeling his own hair wasn’t in much better shape). He reached out and shook Dean’s shoulder gently.
“Ok, but I’m here. I’ve taken that step. What
“Someone’s feeling cocky,” Cas observed as he stalked towards the bed, items in hand.
"Hey, um…that friend of yours, is he even here? I haven’t seen him in a while." Cas looked around for a mop of light blond hair but couldn’t find one. He decided to check his phone.
“So you talked to him but you won’t talk to me?” Dean pressed, feeling indignant.
The boys looked over to the door to find a shocked Sam staring back at them. After only a moment to register what exactly was going on, Dean leapt off the bed and placed his hand on Sam's shoulder.
Castiel nodded and took a deep breath. He reached for Dean’s hand and squeezed. Why the hell did it take half a day for them to give him this news? He thought he was dying!
He made it all the way to lunch without seeing the principal, and Castiel sighed as he grabbed his leftovers and headed to the teacher’s lounge. Hopefully, he could be distracted by decent conversation. He at least wouldn’t be bored; nobody could be bored at lunch with Gabriel.
“We’re just bed buddies who happen to be very close friends. Our sexcapades were a fling, Dean could be something serious,” Castiel explained.
“I'm up, I'm up! Jesus!” Dean yelled. He flung back his covers and got out of bed. He dressed quickly and went upstairs to grab some breakfast.
“Strike three,” Dean said, “you’re out.”
Bartholomew dropped Anna back off at the house before departing again to be with Naomi at the police station.
have been correct.
"You gonna live?" Dean asked teasingly, raising an eyebrow even though Cas couldn't see it.
Mary couldn’t believe what she was hearing. How could a mother - even a step mother - treat their child like that? Teenagers made mistakes, it’s what they
Dean shook his head. “No. No way, absolutely not. They’ll call his dad and then Noami will know where he is and-”
Castiel woke up with a start. He wiped the drool off his cheek with a disgusted face. He really crashed last night.
“Very mature,” Sam said sarcastically. “Honestly, Cas, what do you see in him?”
“He didn’t give you too much trouble, did he?”
“Ugh, get a room. I can handle the dancing, but macking in my presence is unacceptable,” she told them.
Dean broke eye contact. The lyrics had Cas’s mind reeling with memories.
“Well, when two people love each other veeeeery much,” he started. Sam scoffed and stood up.
Dean followed shortly after, incapable of lasting any longer when Cas clenched tightly around him.
“But you still love me.”
“I’m afraid you can’t,” she told him, “he’s giving his statement about the incident, and then he’ll need to sort things out with his family. We can come back tomorrow, ok? He’ll have to stay here for a little while while they monitor his injury. He’ll be fine here, Dean. Let’s go home, ok?”
“Agree to disagree,” he said. Charlie rolled her eyes and sent up a prayer when the bell rang, forcing her coworker to return to his own classroom.
“I’m tired of his attitude,” Dean stated, setting his fork aside and standing up to dump his tray.
"All done." She whispers as she stands up and goes to put the nail polish back. When she returns, Cas picks her up and takes her upstairs to get ready for bed.
“Cas?” he called out. The blue eyed teen looked up from his phone to find his new friend looking back at him in confusion. Dean took a seat in the unoccupied stool next to Cas.
Against his better judgement, he strained to hear what was going on behind Dean’s closed door. He heard Dean’s hushed voice. He was speaking rather quickly. Then Castiel heard Charlie
After about twenty minutes, Charlie slipped away to set up the next game.
“She said she was going to invite Jody to even it out,” Balthazar said.
With a promise that they would hang out more, Charlie dropped Castiel back off at his house. He waved as she drove off and headed up to his front door. After a quick sweep of the lower levels to make sure nothing was out of order, Castiel headed up to his bedroom to sulk in peace.
“Oh, Dean. You didn’t have to bring anything!” she said. Castiel was about to make a jab at the beer when Gabriel spoke up.
Castiel kissed back eagerly, feeling as if he’d been walking on air since he saw Dean on one knee. Suddenly, a thought popped into his mind.
A week in Kansas proved to be quite difficult for Castiel. While Ash and he developed a fun banter during class, and he was getting reacquainted with Alfie, he didn’t really talk to them - or anybody - outside of school. His dad spent most of his time away on business, and his closest friend was eight hours away, so he was trapped in the house with Naomi every night.
“Uhh…” Cas looked around himself and only saw the one they kept next to the pantry; and it wasn’t exactly the biggest container. “Do you think we’ll need many?”
“Fuck,” Dean breathed out, running the hand that wasn’t trapped under his boyfriend through his damp hair. Cas laughed into Dean’s neck.
"Hello, Dean. I was just buying apple juice." Cas stated as he held up the bottle.
“Uh, nothing. The garage door opened. I'm pretty sure it's Naomi. I wasn't looking out the window when they pulled up so I'm not sure,” he said, glancing toward said window as if it would help now.
While he waited for his eggs, he snacked on the cereal they had in the cupboard. He’d finished the box, but shrugged and put it back before plating his eggs. As he finished up, he checked the time and cursed as he unceremoniously tossed the dishes into the sink.
“Yeah, I guess. They’re hosting Naomi’s side of the family, and I think he just needed a little break.”
"I'm sorry." Cas whispered back against Dean's lips, carding his hand through the short strands.
“Right there, Dean. Holy fuck, that feels good.” Dean added a third finger and stretched Cas open for him. Dean was taking his time, making sure everything felt as good as possible for Cas.
“Mmm, Dean,” Castiel breathed, “do you have any stuff?” he asked.
Alright, so yeah, Cas remembered exactly where Dean got this little trick. But, Dean didn’t do anything wrong, why did he feel he needed to communicate in little notes? Cas handed to note to Charlie for her to read, since he knew she’d bug him about it if he didn’t. Cas put the bad thought about Dean aside and went to the bathroom. Charlie followed, too, never the one to miss any surprises. Sure enough, there was a note taped to the mirror.
. That’s all I really wanted. And she didn’t get away with it either. It’s still going on her record. If this would have dragged out in court...and if she would have
“I missed you last night,” Dean said, pressing a soft kiss to his boyfriend’s skin.
“Alfie,
“C-can you...can I have some time...to myself?” the teen finally asked. Bart looked confused and maybe even a little hurt.
“Uh, hey Cas,” Dean grabbed his table mate’s attention, “are you free this weekend?” Dean asked, shooting for nonchalance. Cas' phone vibrated on the table between them and both pairs of eyes darted to the distraction. Before Dean could make out what was on the screen, Cas picked up his phone, glanced at the text, turned a shade pinker than when he started this conversation, promptly shoved his phone into his pocket, and nodded in reply to Dean’s question.
“I just had to make sure,” she defended, raising her hands up. “I’m raising you boys to be honest, so I won’t tolerate any two-timing under this roof.”
"I'm his boyfriend," Cas answered.
“I wouldn’t exactly call that a debate,” they shared a look. “I’m going into education...of the
Balthazar looked to the floor dejectedly. He hated seeing his closest friend like this. After a moment of silence, Balthazar spoke again. “We’ll still talk all the time, right Cassie?” he asked hopefully.
“Are you asking them to kiss or something? What are we, middle schoolers?” Jo asked.
“If you’re sure,” Dean said with a raise of his eyebrows. Cas nodded and Dean leaned back down and kissed him wholeheartedly. Dean trailed his hand down Cas’s side, fingertips brushing over the tanned skin and leaving goosebumps in their wake. Dean rubbed his thumb over the jut of Cas’s hipbone before traveling lower and lower. Dean teased his finger around Cas’s entrance.
"Don't go all moody teenager on me. I'll make the pancakes, you can scramble us up some eggs." Cas told him, pointing for good measure. They both smiled and Dean pecked Cas on the cheek before striding over to the fridge for some eggs.
“Juice. Sticker!” she exclaimed, shooting up from her chair. Cas’ team groaned as Jo’s team celebrated. Balthazar was next.
“I could ask you the same question,” Bartholomew replied, a small smile on his face.
Along with the redhead, Cas had lunch with Balthazar, Missouri Moseley, the front office lady, and Gabriel Kokopelli, the biology teacher. Missouri was...very blunt. It seemed like she knew everything that went on in this school, down to the goings-on in the top-secret administration meetings. Charlie complained that she had to limit the amount of staff betting pools Missouri was allowed in. She always seemed to take the pot. Gabriel was...something. He seemed quite popular among the staff and students, if not a little prone to mischief. Plus, he was always whistling...and Castiel had always been skeptical of whistlers. He could already tell he’d have to keep an eye on Gabriel.
Cas leaned down and whispered in that low voice he gets when he's turned on.
Even though Cas was supposed to stay off of his ankle, he took the opportunity of being here to organize his new things. He was in the middle of filling his closet with new clothes when his phone alerted him of a text.
“Gabriel!” Charlie complained. They all clinked glasses and swallowed down the liquid, many of them wincing and gagging at the taste.
Castiel thought about it and nodded his head.
He sipped at his drink, mindlessly staring at the walls. He was surprised when he brought the mug to his lips and there wasn’t any hot chocolate left to drink. He set the cup on his nightstand and returned to staring at the wall.
Dean tried to let the comment go, he really did. He tried to forget it as they pulled out their homework. He tried to forget it when he copied Charlie’s answer for number one. He tried to forget it as he stared blankly at his textbook, pretending to look for answers.
“Balthazar,” Dean corrected, disappointed that Charlie completely dropped that one. “I came by early to drop off the ice and he let me in. While we were waiting for Cas to get there, he bragged about it.”
“Dean! What the hell?” Sam complained. “You’re not supposed to cover for him! You’re on
“Not you, too,” Cas said disdainfully.
There was another long, silent pause.
“We’ve only been talking for like, two minutes,” Dean pointed out.
. Was his boyfriend actually playing a game in which the entire purpose was to make out and do other sexual acts uninterrupted for seven minutes while your peers gossiped about you?
They day glided along, the men oblivious to the world around them. Dean was more than disappointed when his alarm went off at half past four in the morning.
"Me too. Aiden's been asking about you as well. I wish our damn schedules lined up better," Cas straightened out and kissed Dean, forcing all of his unvoiced feelings into the kiss. Dean seemed to understand, he always did.
“She’s not the devil, you know,” Bart started, trying to make these two see eye to eye for once in their tumultuous relationship. Castiel huffed and rolled his eyes. He pulled his legs up in front of himself and placed his folded arms on top of his legs. He didn’t want to look at his father right now.
“Yes, and as we decided, teams were chosen based on the order everyone showed up. Charlie is with Gabe, and I’m with Balthazar, which leaves you and Castiel,” Jo explained. Dean nodded his head in understanding.
After Charlie and Dean showed Castiel around the town, they decided to take him up to the capitol building. Then, having completed a tour of the foyer, Charlie suggested they go to the Sunset Zoo over in Manhattan. Dean shrugged and agreed on the stipulation that Charlie was to pay for the gas it took for the trip. Castiel just shrugged and climbed in the car behind the pair.
to Cas. Mary tried to protest, given that it was Christmas Eve, but she really couldn’t muster up the energy to argue. It was completely plausible something happened to Cas, and she was proud of her son for being concerned and so willing to help.
exactly?” Castiel asked. He was rather enjoying this little game they were playing. Charlie rolled her eyes and sighed deeply.
Also, I just got edits back on the last couple chapters, so expect the rest of the story to update fairly quickly!
Jo led them away from the crowd. They climbed a hill to find a red headed girl sitting on a bench with a laptop.
“Really? Someone was able to hold his attention?”
for your cold. Anyway, I just carried you. I'm a fireman, it's kinda what I do. Believe it or not you are far from the heaviest person I've had to pick up and move." Cas had a look on his face like he was truly contemplating whether or not Dean was telling the truth, he gave up though, and flung back the covers before he got out of bed.
“Castiel,” his father warned.
“Answer. The question.”
“Oh? How does that work? You just like...give a speech in court and they...like...make Naomi hear it or something?” Castiel laughed again. God, Dean just wanted him to keep laughing.
“As long as you keep doing this, you can stay here all year.” Cas said, relaxing into Dean’s massage.
“No, I thought she was with you,” Sam replied. The boy rolled his eyes and turned his attention to Samandriel.
“But, if you were so jealous of Balthazar dancing with me, so apprehensive about being cheated on, then why were you playing that game in the basement? Why did you go in that room with Amara?” Dean could see the hurt in his boyfriend’s eyes. He could also see the anger. Dean sighed and returned to his seat on the edge of Castiel’s bed.
“I’m assuming you got invited to Charlie’s game night this weekend,” he said, rather than asked. Dean nodded his head and he took a sip of his beer.
"Think about what?" A perky voice said.
“You’ll have to try harder than that to get rid of me,” Cas teased, “I’ll see you at school on Monday.”
“Mary, I-”
Dean gripped Cas's hips and slowly pulled out before thrusting sharply into Cas, making him see stars. Dean didn't let up for what seemed like ages for Cas. Then, just as Cas could feel his orgasm upon him, Dean slowed down to shallow thrusts that felt divine but just weren't
“Well, I lied about who it was.”
?” Dean bellowed. Balthazar nodded solemnly as he thought of what to say next.
“Of course,” Cas answered.
“So I’d classify that as a successful weekend,” Charlie said conversationally as she caught up with Dean in the hallway.
“If he was onto you, why didn’t he come to us about it?” Jo asked. Balthazar raised his hands in front of himself and pointed at Dean.
Castiel awoke and in an instant he was enraged. He'd never been so angry so early in the morning. He had made up his mind; he was finally going to stand up to Naomi about this.
Cas hung up and emerged from the bathroom. He pointedly avoided the living room, where a rather spirited political debate was taking place. And by “spirited” he meant “loud” and by “debate” he meant “echochamber”. He quietly snuck into the kitchen to grab something to drink. He’d successfully poured himself a glass of water when Anna walked up to him.
Dean rolled his eyes, “That’s ridiculous, we’re not gonna make out in front of you for some perverted-”
"This is your car?" Cas asked, admiring the sleek body.
He was standing in front of his couch when he realized what he had said to Dean. Cas sat down in a rush. He had belittled Dean’s career. The very career that
Dean stayed silent.
She looked back and forth between the boys and let out a disappointed sigh. “Damn it,” she whispered. “Do you know how long it took to find one of these?” she asked, raising her wrist up.
When they arrived at Sonic, Cas pulled into a stall and rolled down the window.
He caught up to Cas in the hallway and grabbed him by the waist to keep him from making it to their bedroom. He pushed his chest against the wall and pressed his body into Cas’ back. Cas could feel his boyfriend’s erection through two layers of denim.
Castiel glanced nervously over at Charlie, hoping she wasn’t aware of what her boyfriend was currently doing. Dean definitely had a lot of guts doing this in front of her.
“Ok. Good. Um, I’ll see you soon. I love you.”
-..  .-.  ..-  -.  -.-       -.-.  ---  -.  ..-.  .  …  …  ..  ---  -.
“You know, I could take you out to lunch,” Charlie offered, “we’ve never really gotten to hang out just us.” Castiel smiled at her.
“Yes,” she replied simply. Castiel’s eyes grew wide and he scoffed. Naomi was confused. She thought they had finally landed on the same page. Why was he in such a huff all of the sudden?
“You. Don’t. Make. The rules,” Naomi interrupted, articulating every word as clear as the coat on her nails. Castiel paused at the ferocity in her voice. Before he could think of a witty comeback, she spoke again.
“I can’t believe you beat me to it,” Castiel chuckled, walking towards Dean, his gaze intense. Dean smiled and tried to say something, but stumbled over his words, not really saying anything. “Dean Winchester,” Cas continued, “for as long as I’ve known you, you’ve always managed to keep me on my toes. Before we met, I was...stern, as some of my peers would say.”
“Yes, Dean?”
“What?”
“Yeah, and my mom’s cooking is the best, you have to have it!” Sam added hopefully. Castiel smiled at his two friends. He thought it over briefly and agreed. Anything would beat another night in with his stepmother.
“Was that the same boyfriend you had here tonight?” Dean asked.
“So now that you know me and her
Castiel hugged Benny and smiled.
“It’s nothing...it’s just. It seems like he always texts you in the middle of a movie,” Dean said.
“Cas, I’m sorry,” Dean said, his voice desperate for resolution, “I am the world’s biggest fucking idiot. I shouldn’t have cared what my dad thought, and I should’ve told him the day I met you that I was in love with you. And I shouldn’t have cared how he reacted! Because as long as I had you, his opinion didn’t matter!” Dean declared. There was a long stretch of silence.
It only took Cas a car ride home to ‘get his head out of his ass’ as Dean so eloquently put it.
He was startled awake at the sound of his ring tone, Black Dog. He scrabbled for his phone and held it up to his ear.
Despite himself, Castiel laughed. Anna removed the brace and went to sit in the chair on the opposite side of Cas' bed.
“Don't change the subject. Now, tell. Me. Your. Middle. Name.” Cas said threateningly, inching closer to Dean’s face, squinting his eyes until they were practically shut. He stopped barely an inch in front of Dean’s face.
“Us? No,” Jo assured. “On the bright side...teams are being chosen based on when people show up.”
“Alright, we’re done talking about my eating habits, thank you,” Dean said. Castiel turned to him and gave him a little pout that said
“That’s Cas, that’s my boy-” he said, starting to put the pieces together. “H-how do we...what do we do?” he asked. Anna took a deep breath. That was the easy part. The hard part was sneaking to the hospital alone on Christmas morning without arousing suspicion.
“The doctor should be here any minute,” Dean said.
“Since you have the time,” she explained, “and you are an occupant of this house, you should be responsible for your fair share of chores.”
"Ok. Now listen to this part ok? If you have two of the same card, it beats
“Oh hell no,” Dean said, blocking Cas' path. “You really think I'm going to let you drive home like this?” Dean asked incredulously.
“Uh, yeah. We never really stopped,” Castiel replied.
two cards. My VP here, gets Gabe’s single best card, and she gives him her single worst card. Since Benny is technically neutral, he keeps his hand. So, hand ‘em over princess." He says, sliding his worst cards her way. Gabe and Jo exchange cards and they start another game.
"Well it hurts."
“Got it.” Dean said, just above a whisper.
“Christmas Eve,” Castiel stated, “where the
Castiel didn’t know what to do. His dad looked so...small in that moment. Castiel could see that his father hated being caught in between the two of them. He took a few steps towards his dad and hugged him. As much as Castiel wanted to be mad at him...hell, as much as he
So, on Tuesday night, after their...activities, if Castiel cuddled up a little closer to Dean...well that was his secret to keep.
“Well, as I said, I’ve been busy…”
“I just, ah, look,” Castiel started, “you caught me. I am...
Monday
He opened his eyes and scanned the audience. Castiel’s breath hitched when Dean’s eyes locked with his.
….  .  .-..  .--.
,” she said the last sentence in a horrible russian accent while making the zipper motion over her lips. Castiel didn’t understand the reference to one of Charlie’s favorite movies
“I-” Cas wanted to have Dean’s arms around him more than anything in the world right now, but it was too risky. Cas didn’t think he could climb down the tree to see Dean, and there was no way Dean was coming into the house when Naomi was home. “That’s...I can’t. Dean, Naomi’s home, I’m-” he pulled the phone away from himself and choked off another sob into his pillow.
“This is why you don’t make bets on love,” the brit pointed out. Gabriel scoffed and continued pacing the room.
Dean seemed to ponder this. Castiel had landed a student teaching position at St. Agnes right out of college, and it was strongly indicated that he would be offered a job if the year went well. That is, until he brought Dean to the staff Christmas party. The couple ended up leaving early, having been driven off by the uncomfortable stares after they shared a kiss underneath the mistletoe. He received a dismissal letter before the new year. Castiel had made his peace with it; he didn’t want to dedicate his time to a school that didn’t appreciate him for who he was. Still...he wasn’t eager to repeat that experience, and he really needed to start paying off his student loans.
“Huh, what?” Castiel was taken aback by the volume of Dean’s voice. The boy just smiled and shared a glance with Charlie.
“I’m glad you’re not wearing a shirt,” Cas commented. He moved, careful of his ankle, so that he was sitting on Dean’s lap. It reminded him of the first time he invited Dean over to his apartment. He planned to reenact that night.
“Cas, wait!” Dean called after him, grabbing his arm before he could reach the stairs. “I’m sorry, the phrase just kind of came out. I didn’t mean it,” he explained.
They got the first thing done quickly but from then on, Dean was on his own. It was only about 6:30, so he had plenty of time.
Dean did just that, his body carrying him through the motions. Balthazar went about starting a pot of tea. Once Dean had slipped off his shoes, he moved stiffly to the table towards the back and took a seat. There was a sliding glass door that led out to a private balcony and Dean watched through it as the snowflakes became fatter, denser.
“Be my guest. It’s the door at the end of the hall there,” Balthazar directed. While his guest was using the facilities, he rounded up their glasses and placed them in the sink. He put the (considerably lighter) bottle of whiskey back in his liquor cabinet. Dean finished up and they made their way down to the garage.
“She and I,” Castiel interrupted.
"Are you sure?" Cas asked.
“What is it?” Dean asked, running a hand up Castiel’s arm.
“Half past five,” Castiel replied. Dean groaned his disapproval and rolled onto his side, pulling the covers up so just his head remained visible. “I don’t even get a goodbye kiss?” Castiel complained good naturedly. One of Dean’s eyes peeked open and he used his right arm to pull Cas close to his chest. He squeezed tightly for a few seconds before easing up and leaning in to kiss Castiel soundly on the lips.
behind,” she said, pointing an accusatory finger at her son. “Look, boys, I wasn’t born yesterday. The way you two look at each other and how you’ve been inseparable for the past month,” she said, eyebrows raised.
“Yes, yes, a million times, yes!” He replied. The men stood there on the porch, just staring at each other for what seemed like hours, but were really only a few seconds.
to have sex with Dean? Was it the attitude from this morning creeping back up? Castiel was still in love with Dean. He still found him beyond attractive. So why didn’t he want to have sex?
“Cassie, you know you’re my best mate,” Balthazar started again. Castiel rolled his eyes at the nickname he never liked in the first place. “Truth is...I’m worried about you. Dean, he,” Castiel clenched his jaw at his boyfriend’s name. He didn’t want to talk about it, and he certainly didn’t want to hear it from Balthazar. “I’m not so sure about him, mate.”
“And then I’d thought I’d fill a bucket with snakes, sneak into the air vents, and dump them on your head in the middle of a lecture.”
"The object of the game is to run out of cards. Ok, I’m going to deal the entire deck. You can look at your cards. We’ll go clockwise. You can only put cards down that are the same or a higher number of the previous card. So if I put down a three, Meg can put down a three or higher. If she puts down the same card as me, she skips Gabe. Everyone with me so far?"
It was past midnight when they got back to the station. Dean stripped his outer gear and headed for the showers. Long sessions like that were his least favorite. He always felt gross and sweaty.
“I still don’t know why I have to stash my car all the way back here,” Dean lamented, putting his car in park and opening his door.
“Just let me know,” and with that, Dean was headed towards the parking lot. Castiel sent a vague text to Naomi on his way to P.E. By the time the final bell rang, he had permission to “go to a friend’s house” under the stipulation that he was home by 6:30pm. Which only gave him three hours. He wasn’t happy about the timeframe, but he was going to take what he could get at this point.
“My boyfriend,” Castiel cut him off, “You meant to punch my boyfriend. In the face. At my party,” Castiel continued, getting out of his chair and walking to the far end of the patio. He didn’t want to start this conversation in the first place.
“Why would I be sad?”
“Yeah, what’s up?” Charlie said, furiously typing at one of the computers towards the front of the room.
“I’ve been worried sick about you,” she went on, “you can’t just run off like that,” she looked skeptically at the teen standing between her and her step-son. Through years of practice, she was able to keep the malice out of her voice when she guessed, “You must be Dean.” Although, no amount of practice could keep all of the hatred out of her eyes.
“Moving?” Castiel parroted.
“Well, then let’s get this show on the road.” Cas grinned and kissed Dean deeply.
Castiel was confused. Wouldn't Charlie want to sit next to Dean? When he looked over at her, she had a smug grin on her face. Were Dean and she in a fight? Was this some kind of punishment for Dean? Castiel was growing more uncomfortable by the second. That was when his phone decided to go off, alerting him of an incoming text.
“Do you want this?” Bart asked. Naomi pinched her eyebrows together.
“Don’t go using Zachariah as a scapegoat, either, Cas. He might play a hand in stress, but he didn’t put those words in your mouth.” Balthazar gentled his tone and placed a hand on Cas’s shoulder. “Look, if you want to keep this Dean around, you’ll have to do some major damage control. I suggest straightening this work thing out first, and go from there.” Cas looked at Balthazar and nodded, incapable of words at the moment.
Assembly
fell asleep at my friend’s house, which is something you didn't let me explain,” he told her.
“Nobody,” he answered, “I’m gonna go for a walk,” Castiel said, thinking of an excuse to get away from his brother.
“Well, get some more rest and drink lots of water. We’ll be home in a couple hours.” With that, Naomi left Castiel’s bedroom and went to mass. Castiel scooted away from the toilet, leaning his back against the wall directly under the window. He let out a sigh of relief. If Dean had dropped him off any later, he would’ve gotten busted, and Naomi would probably put bars on his windows and forbid him from ever leaving the house again.
“Slept through my alarm,” he explained.
“Good,” she said simply. “Now I want to address the fact that you told me you were going to
“I love you, too,” Castiel replied, eyes becoming very heavy.
"What? Yeah, I'm fine. Everything's great," he said with a tight grin.
Castiel folded his arms in front of himself and squinted his eyes in confusion. Apparently, Naomi was resorting back to her micromanagement tendencies.
When they were settled, Cas had his head resting on Dean’s chest and an arm slung over his hips. Dean kissed the top of Cas’s head. He usually didn’t fall into relationships so easily, but with Cas, it felt normal. It felt right, even. At least, Dean hoped they were in an actual relationship. He’d have to bring up later. Much later.
“Are they gone right now?” Dean asked. Cas narrowed his eyes at his boyfriend.
“I love you. With every cell in my body and every thought in my head, I love you,” Dean said, staring straight into Cas’s eyes. “From the time I picked up that box of condoms in the parking lot to now, I’ve always loved you,” He said, smiling despite the shaking in his voice.  Cas gave a watery smile and squeezed Dean’s hand. “I never want to let you go, which is why,” Dean let go of one of Cas’s hands and fished around in his pocket. He slowly got down on one knee and looked up at Cas.
Castiel stirred and Dean cursed; he didn't want to talk about yesterday.
Dean slipped his tongue in and Castiel let him. His lips were cold, but his cheeks were flaming hot. He knew Charlie and Sam were out there somewhere, and while he would never complain about making out with Dean, he could still feel a
“Well...I called him earlier, to see if he was free at all tomorrow to hang out and exchange gifts, and he was acting kinda weird, and it sounded like he’d been crying,” Dean explained. He was consciously omitting the almost-breakup from his retelling. No harm, no foul; and he didn’t need his family thinking poorly of Cas.
The two men cuddled on the couch as they watched yet another episode of New Girl.
“That’s good. Any big plans for this weekend?” he asked further, absently scrolling through the tablet in his hands. Castiel swallowed thickly. He could feel beads of cold sweat start to prickle at his hairline.
Cas looks down at their joined hands, and a smile graces his lips.
Ok, so those notes were giving Cas an advantage here. Dean walked to his bedroom and found a note on the pillow.
Jo scoffed, “what’s the harm in an innocent bet?”
"Castiel Novak?" A doctor called out. Cas quickly stood and walked over to him.
“We won’t,” Dean replied before opening the door and heading to the car.
“I swear, these two are blind,” Charlie complained to Gabriel one morning before school started. He laughed and pulled the sucker out of his mouth with a pop.
"Yeah, well...."
, you prick,” he said, harshly poking his finger into Dean’s chest to drive his point home. Dean crowded against the vampire and took on a serious tone.
“Yeah, and it was fine...we uh, we ended up in his bedroom, and after,” Dean stopped himself, deciding Charlie didn’t need to know
"Was he hot?" Jo inquired, having calmed down her laughter.
Dean was obviously startled, but when he realized what was happening, he leaned into it.
A week later, and Dean was settled in at home. He had the joy of wearing a cast running past his elbow on his right arm, and a boot for his fractured leg on the left. He currently sat on the couch, leg propped up on the coffee table. He had roped Cas into playing Mario Kart with him.
Dean snorted. "God, no." He grabs the back of his neck.
“Yes, imagine
John: And your buddy, Castiel? He got a girl out there? You two spend too much time together, people might start thinking you’re a couple of faggots.
“The only good thing about this move is that my parents will finally get rid of that goddamn armchair they lecture me in,” Castiel joked, making an effort to keep the mood light. Balthazar chuckled and wished his friend good luck with the transition.
deserve it? Castiel grabbed his head in frustration and just...yelled. His father was taken aback. This was not the reaction he thought he was going to get out of his son.
As he stepped into the frigid air, he cursed and pulled his jacket tighter around himself. He didn’t know where he was going, he just started walking. A million things floated through his mind, but he couldn’t focus on a single thought. He felt as if he were falling into a deep pit inside of his mind.
“Ok...uh, well…Saturday? That only gives me like three days. I’m not sure-”
Dean didn’t even try reminding them who had actually paid for the alcohol.
"And what do you suppose should be the wager?" Cas asked, obviously amused at Dean's proposition. Dean wiggled his eyebrows and shot a wink at Cas.
“No,” Dean barked, a little harsher than he had intended. He raised a hand in front of himself and then let it drop. He looked towards the entryway and announced, “I’m gonna go for a walk.”
“Uh, English,” Castiel replied.
"Hey, Cas. Sorry it took so long, it was a pretty big fire."
“Mmmmm...you weren’t wearing underwear at your party, either,” Dean pointed out, continuing to kiss Cas.
“Get out of here,” Dean warned, clenching his jaw with the effort to not throw a punch, or at the very least an insult.
“Thank you for your concern...but I’m sure my situation isn’t that bad. I don’t need to be emancipated,” Cas said with a chuckle. Sam smiled and looked down.
Once inside the room, he motioned for her to stay back as he gently woke his boyfriend.
“She lives right down the street. She walked home,” Charlie explained. Castiel nodded his head and helped the host tidy up. Once they were done setting the living room back in order, Charlie showed Castiel the guest bedroom.
School went by easily enough. Castiel swore he could feel a bit of thrumming electricity in the air, but that might’ve just been him. Still, he did overhear people talking about his party. That made everything feel that much more tangible.
“Why did he get to meet Cas and not me?” Jo asked, brushing past Dean’s comment.
After a fifteen minute shower, Dean slipped on sweatpants and meandered into the kitchen. The water pressure in his shower did wonders for his mood. He was still pissed at Cas, but he wasn’t going to do anything impulsive. He’d let Cas figure out how to right this wrong.
“That would be absolutely amazing, Ash! You can really do that? I want to pay you for it,” Castiel said.
“Hmm. Somehow I don’t see how that’s
It took a few moments, but the couple realized the room was dead silent.
“Yeah, I guess I'm not there to talk you into buying us smoothies,” Castiel joked. After another hour of video chatting, Balthazar ended the conversation by claiming he needed to ‘shower and eat, but not necessarily in that order’. Castiel smiled and said goodbye before closing his laptop.
“It might be about the crumbs on the kitchen counter, or maybe the throw pillows on the couch weren’t fluffed properly,” Castiel joked back. He asked Balthazar to wait a few minutes while he did as his father asked.
“Didn’t you say Mary set a curfew?” Castiel asked, making absolutely no move to disentangle himself from Dean.
“Yeah, but I guess he and Naomi got into another argument and she took away his phone,” Dean told Alfie. The boy in the backseat let out a long breath.
looking forward to his arrival home. He pulled into the driveway and cut his engine. He pulled out his phone and glanced from his phone to his front door. The feeling in the pit of his stomach only grew heavier. He focused his attention solely on his phone.
You think I'd leave you without an epilogue??
Cas was expertly put on display for Dean with this position. His head was thrown back in ecstasy, his hair was wild, his skin was flushed and beautiful. Cas’s own thrusts were starting to become erratic, telling Dean that he was close; Dean was right behind him. Cas was beating him in number of orgasms this morning, after all.
“Naomi, I don’t need the third degree this early. My car’s been here all night. I didn’t go anywhere,” Castiel insisted. Technically, his
“I’m not going to make you call her mom,” Michael said, proceeding to walk again. Castiel caught up and they finished their walk in silence. When they arrived home, Castiel retreated up to his bedroom and pulled out his phone.
“I’m pretty sure it means beautiful. It sound pretentious, but I feel it’ll be a nice apartment.” Cas explained.
"Castiel
“Can I ask you something kind of personal?” Dean asked hesitantly, rolling onto his side, supporting his head in his hand.
“My grandma drinks it,” Charlie explained, “don’t knock it - she’s in her 90s and still going strong.”
“It could be after the meeting. A lot of the teachers stick around to socialize a bit before leaving for the weekend. And there is a chance Charlie will want at least one of us to hang back anyway,” Castiel said.
“Do you suspect abuse?” Gwen asked. Mary opened her mouth and closed it again.
As promised, Castiel arrived home well before the sun had set. He toed off his shoes and made his way up to his room. Waiting for him at the top of the stairs was Naomi, her arms folded over her chest.
She loved Castiel dearly already, and she wanted to stay in his life. But, after what Michael had demonstrated about his own character, she wasn’t on very solid footing about their relationship. She did love Michael; at least, the Michael that wasn’t around Naomi. Whether he knew it or not, the elder Novak son was running out of time to prove to Anna that he was worth sticking around for.
"Don't go all sappy on me, Winchester, I just asked if he was hot." Jo punched him in the shoulder and brushed passed him. "Give me a warning next time you're gonna grow a vagina." She said over her shoulder. She turned and fully faced him. "Hey, I have to help my mom out at the bar tomorrow, you should swing by to save me from absolute boredom."
Castiel grunted when the phone was thrust into him. He tried not to take it too personally, but he knew Dean was mad at him, and the man had just done the worst out of everyone so far. Castiel took his spot and they started the round. He managed to guess nine correctly, giving his team the lead.
“I wish you weren’t here at all!”
When Charlie and Dean heard the front door shut and the engine to Cas' car start, Charlie shot off the couch and started yelling at Dean.
Castiel didn’t realize how cheesy that sounded until after he’d hit send. He blushed and waited while the three gray dots alerted him of a formulating text. He tried to distract from the last text by sending another one.
“Yeah. Well, uh...I’ll be up, so…” Dean trailed off.
Dean felt Cas staring at him and looked straight into those stunning blue eyes. There was only a small ring of blue around Cas’s giant pupils, but they were truly the most captivating things Dean had ever seen.
"It's nothing, I'll be fine. Trust me," Dean answered.
Dean shrugged, "Time well spent." He flashed a grin and looked around.
“Can I at least go with you?” he asked. Castiel frowned and squeezed Dean’s hands.
Castiel raised a single eyebrow and turned around, heading back to bed without another look towards his boyfriend.
“Dean?” he asked back. Charlie noticed Dean wasn’t behind her anymore and went to see what the hold up was. Her eyebrows shot up to her hairline when she saw Castiel standing about five steps up the staircase, holding a red plastic cup.
“What?” Dean asked. Believe it or not, he'd rather
“Wait a minute, wait a minute,” Charlie interjected, “do you think Dean and I are...
“Not even a single cut-out of Shakespeare?” a british voice asked from the doorway. Castiel immediately stopped humming and whipped his head towards the door.
Cas hung up and Dean slid his phone into his pocket. He got out of bed and headed for the door, almost tripping on his pant leg. He got to the door and swung it open to find Cas smiling at him.
Dean gently rolls Cas onto his back as he slides on top of the dark haired man. Dean's left hand is trapped under Cas's shoulder and his right hand is sliding up to tangle in Cas's longer hair. They're mapping out each others' mouths and bodies like they've done so many times before. Dean loves that he gets to spend time alone with his boyfriend on a day like this. It reminds him of a Maroon 5 song (Sammy totally made him listen to it). Dean detaches his lips from Cas's and starts his descent on Cas's body. He trails kisses down his boyfriend's neck and chest, his hands roaming up and down Cas's body. He starts singing the song he was reminded of.
..but Cas got over it after they made out in Dean’s car.
“I heard that!” Cas shouted back.
“Look, I know Naomi isn’t a great parent. Honestly? She fucking sucks. With Cas, it’s always her way or the highway, and she can’t seem to just leave him alone. She always has to be in control. She needs to know everything about him, and she doesn’t give him the space to make his own mistakes. She never takes into consideration Cas' likes and dislikes, and she is impossible to talk to when she’s in a mood.”
thing you can do about it!" He yelled right back. She came around from her side of the table and got very close to Castiel.
“At least I won’t have to take math in college. Or English,” Castiel tacked on. “And it’s not my fault your school requires more P.E. credits than mine did. What about you? What’s your schedule?” he asked, scooting closer to Dean on the couch, scanning Dean’s schedule.
“The school day was fine,” Dean said, launching back into his account, “Charlie came up ‘n’ asked me if Game Night could be moved. I kinda thought Cas mighta had somethin’ planned, so I was real sneaky. I said ‘is it cool with everyone else?’” he laughed at his own wit, “she said I was the last person to ask, so obviously Cas didn’t say nothing,” he deduced, finishing his drink and pouring yet another one. Balthazar quickly took the bottle and put it on the floor next to his own chair, out of the other man’s sight. Dean was definitely cut off.
Castiel replied, “Catch,” shooting Balthazar a wink in return.
“Sammy’s spending the night at a friend’s house and my mom won’t be home until after nine tonight,” Dean said. Castiel looked at the time and grinned. 7:34pm. Plenty of time.
just so I don’t feel guilty about-”
The five year old walked up to the front door and opened it for their guest.
Castiel was glad to be out of the hospital...but there was a dark cloud hanging above him that wouldn’t allow him to feel as happy as he thought he should be. He was with the Winchesters! His family knew about Dean! This was a huge win for Castiel, but for some reason, it didn’t feel like one.
progressive,” she said. “He can stay in your room, and you can share with Sam,” she said, leaving no room for argument.
“Yes, Dean. Like lube. Maybe a condom?”
“I’m sure Castiel feels terrible about it,” Balthazar suggested, trying to paint things in a lighter tone.
“Who? Sam and Alfie? I would hope you already knew those two,” Dean quipped.
“Hey, not to sound freaked out or anything, but how did you know where I live?” Dean asked.
“Anything but green peppers,” Dean replied.
Dean was in heaven, moving against Castiel, chasing that high he knew would overload his senses with pleasure. Cas was right when he said they hadn’t been intimate in a while, and Dean didn’t blame him when he didn’t count their romp the day after Dean’s birthday. It had been a bit awkward and rushed. They didn’t do it because they wanted to, they did it because they felt obligated to, and it showed. This time, though, was full of passion and desire. Dean was sure he could make Cas come on his cock alone just like this, but he wanted to make it even sweeter.
“What’s that?” Cas asked huskily, hands wandering down to grab his boyfriend’s silk-clad ass. In favor of answering his question, Dean bit at Cas’ neck, getting lost in the sensation. Soon enough, Cas’ hands found their way under the silk. It didn’t take long for him to notice the plug in his boyfriend’s ass.
"Cut the crap. You know what I'm talking about. How do you make me talk about stuff without me registering it?" Charlie just smiled at him.
“Well that’s funny, because Michael just went for a jog around the neighborhood,” she said, “he didn’t mention seeing you,” Castiel froze. He had not accounted for that.
Much to their dismay, Dean and Cas had different lunch periods, so they didn’t get to see much of each other during the day. Castiel had the pleasure of meeting Charlie in the breakroom on Monday. She’d asked him if he met “the new hunk that teaches physics” (
“Years? Well, this is...” Balthazar trailed off.
After dinner, the brothers and their ‘dates’ raced downstairs to claim dibs on the best seating for a movie. Castiel started clearing the table, mostly out of habit than anything else. Mary came back from the kitchen to grab more dirty plates and noticed Castiel cleaning up.
“You still call her Naomi?” Michael asked, a hint of condescension in his voice.
“Money is no object. We haven’t really discussed my job have we?” Cas thought about it. They hadn’t.
sent those other texts to Alfie, right?
Michael pulled away slightly, his defensive side creeping up, “What does
“Uh, almost two in the morning,” he replied.
on him, would you?”
“No, no...he’s-he’s in his room. Naomi told me that he was in his room,” Bart tried to reason.
Naomi tried to brush it off, but Bart refused to back down.
“I thought I’d find you two down here,” she said.
On the other side of the wall, Gabriel shook his head. This had to be cheating, right? The bet was whether or not they would get together, not if Charlie could set them up. He thought about what might happen if Charlie got them together for their game night this weekend. Gabriel knew the effects of alcohol intimately, and he wasn’t about to lose his money on this. He decided if Charlie could ruin the sanctity of game night just to get them together, then he needed an alliance to help keep them apart.
“Cas is in the hospital, Michael. He’s not ok,” Anna told him.
"D....Dean! ahhhhh." Cas moans. Dean takes his mouth off of Cas with a faint pop and Cas whines at the loss of contact. Dean stands up and claims Cas's mouth again before he's leading Cas to the bed and throwing him down. Cas scoots up to the center of the bed, and Dean strips his shirt and predatorily crawls up to attack Cas's neck. He's painfully hard in his jeans but he moves up to Cas's mouth and kisses him like his life depends on it.
“Wait, I thought she was redoing her porch!” Dean said as he packed his bag. Balthazar wiped his hand down his face. He never should’ve gone along with this bloke’s hairbrained scheme.
“Morning Cas! I’m sorry if I woke you,” she greeted. Castiel took a look around the house. It was...spotless. There was absolutely no trace that anyone had been in the house last night.
“I should probably head home,” Castiel said.
“And? What does that have to do with the price of tea in China?” she replied. It was Dean’s turn to be confused.
“Everyone, could you excuse us for a moment?” Naomi asked, keeping the facade of politeness even though Castiel knew the only reason she was excusing them was so she could do or say something wicked. Anna looked at Cas nervously, and the boy tried pleading with her to stay, but Michael took her hand and led them away. Once it was just the two of them, Naomi started her lecture.
“Yeah,” Dean said distractedly, “I love you,” he tacked on, the impulse to remind Castiel of that crashing over him.
“So,” Charlie said, “now that you’ve finally got yourself a boyfriend, let’s say we do a double date,” she suggested. Dean pondered it and turned to Cas.
The older couple got the loveseat to themselves while the younger boys shared the full couch with Mary (for as long as she would continue watching). The marathon started at nine that morning.
It’s a few moments before either one of them can do anything but breathe.
"Just live a little, Cassie. Ooh, look…there’s a spot at the bar."
Once the skin was exposed, Dean’s hands were all over it. First, flattening out on his shoulder blades. Then, he curled his fingers so the barest hint of nails could be felt as they made their way down Castiel’s back, bracketing his spine. Dean’s left hand stayed at Cas' lower back as the other’s fingernails dragged back up his spine. Cas shivered and Dean felt a twitch between them that didn’t come from him. He ran his nails down Cas' back one more time. Once both hands were at Cas' lower back, they went further, slipping under the waistband of Castiel’s pants. He laughed when he noticed what was missing.
“Alright,” said Jo, “and we pick Dean and Castiel.” The couple looked at each other, unsurprised at the other team’s choice.
Castiel almost dropped the stapler when Balthazar spoke up again.
mad. Past tense.”
Cas sighed as he took another bite. He didn’t fully understand what was making him so upset about this situation. Dean was right, of course, when he pointed out that Castiel was enjoying the attention. He was. And Dean was also right about Cas not telling him to stop last night.
“I’m sorry, but can we leave? I kinda just want to be in my room,” Castiel expressed. Charlie nodded and they slid out of their seats to go pay at the register.
He was warm. He was comfortable. His boyfriend was practically fused to his side. What cruel world would take him from this paradise? Ah, yes. The wonderful world of firefighting.
“Alright, so ask those two love-birds if they’re free this weekend,” Jo said, “I’d also like to see this betting pool come to fruition.”
” he said. Dean scratched the back of his head. He really didn’t like his boyfriend being trapped in that environment.
"I know." Dean starts regretting even asking him to do this. He's just about to take back the offer when Cas speaks.
“Is that? Gun! A gun! Jumping gun...no wait, jump the gun!” Jo shouted. Balthazar nodded excitedly and Charlie stopped the timer. The pair high-fived in celebration and Balthazar took a seat and quickly started nursing a glass of wine.
How did you tell your boyfriend’s father that his other son was in the hospital because of his new wife and that the son needed his help, but he wasn’t allowed to tell his wife nor his other son, who was dating the person giving him this news?
Castiel groaned, but followed Dean out to his car. They had roughly 20 minutes before graduation was supposed to start, and it took 15 to get to the school.
“She’s staying at the house...which is why I’m here. The arraignment is tomorrow.”
Castiel tilted his head at that, prompting Balthazar to continue talking.
A few minutes later, in the parking lot, Balthazar called out to Castiel before he could reach his car.
he thought as he burrowed back under the covers.
“Um...thanks? I guess,” Castiel replied. “Why do you assume I’m gay?” Castiel asked nervously, fearing that he was so easy to read. She just shrugged and gave him a once-over.
“You remembered how I talked about getting engaged in college,” Castiel started, a fond smile gracing his lips as Dean blushed slightly, “but you might have gotten one thing wrong.”
“I would love to stay-”
Dean pulled Cas onto his chest, the shorter man going willingly. Dean whispered sweet nothings into his boyfriend’s ear while stroking his fingers up and down Cas’s arm. Soon, they were both fast asleep, sated and utterly happy.
In no time, they parked in the driveway of the Winchester house and the boys propped Cas up between them.
“Morning, sleepyhead.” Dean greeted.
“No. The dresser attacked me,” Dean shot back, looking at Cas through his eyelashes.
“You’re going to make me bash Zep
"I don't think so," Cas chastised, wagging his finger at Dean. The man on the bed threw his head back and groaned, part frustration, part lust.
“Ugh, don’t remind me,” Charlie whined, “how did Gabriel beat you here? You literally live right down the street!”
“I tried to get Castiel to hold onto his news. It wasn’t the time,” Michael lamented. He brought his elbows to his knees and put his face in his hands.
“Because I said so,” Naomi replied. Castiel rolled his eyes.
step-mom had caught
Dean replies with his eyes set on the tv, "Did you check the computer room upstairs?" She considers it, then goes upstairs.
“Maybe my dad and Naomi will let me visit over the summer,” Castiel said lightheartedly. It was a longshot, but weirder things have happened.
Cas started to trail his kisses down Dean's neck, stopping briefly to remove Dean from his shirt. With the clothing tossed aside, Cas continued his ministrations, attaching his lips to Dean's collar bone. Dean ran the hand that wasn't trapped in a cast through Cas's hair. He tugged lightly and earned a moan from Cas.
John: Met any cute girls yet?
“So it looks like we have government together...and calculus. You little shit, you were
“That’s right Cas. God, you’re perfect. Absolutely perfect. Come for me, Cas...fuck, come for me baby,” Dean growled. Castiel screwed his eyes shut as he let out a shout, coating Dean’s chest in thick strings of cum.
Perfect Match
“We pick Castiel and Balthazar,” Jo announced.
held responsible...at least a little bit. Maybe I did ‘sell out’,” he said, using actual air quotes, causing his friend to laugh, “but at least I could buy a little peace of mind.”
“What are you gonna do about it?” Castiel challenged, biting his lip and raising one eyebrow.
“Okay,” Dean said. Cas could hear the disappointment in his voice. His heart sank. He turned around in his boyfriend’s arms and pressed their foreheads together.
“Tonight works for you?” she asked to confirm. Dean thought about it and wondered if Castiel had planned anything for the evening.
comforted him just a little. He took a deep breath and sent off one more text.
“That must’ve sucked,” Dean said. Trying to backtrack into safer territory.
---  ..-  -       .-..  .-  -  .
making fun of me for that class!” Castiel said.
“Don’t be a prude, Joey,” Gabriel said, “that’s exactly what I want them to do. Either they kiss and prove to me they are actually in love, or no one gets any of my money.”
“Cas? Castiel, can you hear me? Please, baby, say something,” Castiel hadn’t even noticed Dean enter the room. He just cried harder. Dean sat next to him and pulled him close. Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s waist. Dean held him as he shook from the force of his sobs. Tears were no longer coming out of Cas' eyes. He just sat there, body spasming because it didn’t know how else to react to the news.
“Of course, I would never,” Castiel vowed as he circled Dean’s desk and hitched one leg up so he could half-sit on it.
Once Jo had disappeared, the men started cracking up.
“Got any lube?” He asked huskily.
Castiel felt a little better about what he was walking into. He grabbed his backpack and made his way to American Government.
“Well your opinion sucks,” Dean retorted, taking a step towards Cas. Charlie stepped in before things could get physical.
"Daddy....hahaha.....stop." He managed to say between giggles. Dean relented his tickling and kissed her on the forehead.
“Yeah,” Castiel said, placing the final plate in its place and closing the cabinet. “I’m...sorry it took so long,” he continued. Part of him was floored that he was apologizing to Naomi, but a different part of him - a more mature part of him - knew it was the right thing to do.
Cas was awoken by a loud clap of thunder. He looked at his husband beside him, smiling to himself at how heavily Dean slept. The house could be being demolished and he wouldn't loose a wink of sleep. Another round of thunder and lightning went through. Cas heard their daughter calling for them from down the hall. Dean's eyes flew open and he rushed to Dani's room. He could sleep through a storm, but his ears were hyper-aware of Dani's voice. Cas got out if bed and followed his husband to Dani's room.
“Um, what are night games?” Castiel asked, brows furrowed in confusion.
“Maybe something happened with Naomi?” She suggested. Dean nodded his head. It was very likely.
After a moment, Cas started rolling his hips. He pulled back slightly to look at Dean’s face. His eyes were closed, his mouth was slightly parted, and his hair was far messier than Cas had ever seen it.
"Hey, Cas! Can you light my punk?" Dean asks as he sets up the toy tanks to race.
“Not under...over!” Gabriel nodded and went to work on the last word. He drew another stick figure, this one with a triangle body and long hair. He pointed to the bottom of the figure.
“Since ‘Dean...I love you’,” she replied, nervousness showing through her eyes as well. Why on earth was Anna nervous? She wasn’t the teenage boy obviously talking to his
“So? What’d you call for?” Dean didn’t like being ridiculed for his sleep schedule.
be dating?” Jo asked.
“So, this is basically like charades, but it’s an app on your phone. The guesser holds it up on their forehead as it displays the word they have to guess. The rest of the team has to make that person say whatever is on the screen. If you get it right, just tilt the phone down quickly. If the guesser would like to pass the word, they just tilt the phone up,” she explained. They all nodded; the game was pretty easy to understand.
Dean looks down and smiles. "You little shit." He says under his breath. He takes a breath and speaks louder. "No, nothing illegal today. I was thinking we could get out of here, road trip to Kansas?"
Balthazar asked.
“Why doesn’t he go to therapy or something?” Sam asked.
Dean smiled wide and kissed Cas one last time. He backed towards the bar as Castiel drove off the lot. Once he got inside, he found Benny and walked up next to him.
“Dad,” Castiel said, finally joining in on the conversation. Michael leveled him a glare, warning him not to say exactly what he was about to say. “Remember earlier when I said it was just a friend who had texted me?” he asked. Michael shook his head.
“That's good news. Did you meet anyone else?” His friend asked innocently. Castiel couldn't help that his mind went straight to Dean. He also couldn't help that Balthazar knew him so well.
Cas could really get used to this.
“‘M sorry,” Cas mumbled, eyes still shut. Dean reached down and ran his hand through his hair.
“Your humor is a little...peculiar,” Balthazar mentioned.
Change your weather, still together when it ends."
“Why don’t we move this to a place a bit more
,” he revealed with a wink to Cas. Charlie rolled her eyes and took the bottle back from her guest.
. He laughed to himself as he thought about how this could play out.
"And I did."
"If you're so secret with names, why did you tell me yours when you were thrown in the car?" Castiel inquires.
“Are you kidding me? You get this whole space to yourself? Why the hell are we always cooped up in my room? This place is as big as my entire house,” Dean went on.
The next day passed quickly, Castiel spending time with his dad and his brother during the day, then ringing in the New Year with the Winchesters that night. It was a great night filled with laughter and celebration; something Castiel didn’t think he would experience for a long time. It was a perfect night amidst all the chaos Cas’ life had been the past few months.
“What the hell are those?” Jo asked, referring to the hickeys on his neck. “Dean Winchester, you sly dog. You had condom guy over last night didn’t you?” She guessed.
"Funny you say that," Cas said ominously. Dean took his eyes off the screen to peer at Cas questioningly. "What's that supposed to mean?" Dean asked as he returned his eyes to the screen. At that moment, all Dean could see was a flash of blue.
“Hello, Castiel,” Michael greeted.
“As if I’d let you go that easy. You think death is gonna stop us?” Cas growled into Dean’s ear.
“It’s not my fault Balthazar was being a smug bastard,” Dean defended, his hands returning to their comfortable place on his boyfriend’s ass.
“Goodbye Castiel, don’t have too much fun this weekend,” Bartholomew said. Cas caught the glare Naomi leveled at her husband.
Dean lowered his voice and started. "I...kinda...sorta...accused him of using 'working late' as an..uh... excuse to-"
“No, Cas, I haven’t talked to my dad,” Dean insisted, “why do you even think I would?” Castiel looked off to the side, piecing together his next sentence. Dean took another bite of his cold food.
“Yeah, so about a couple months in, I’d say, she starts talking to that guy again. I was a little annoyed, since I was the one she sort of emotionally unloaded on about him. But I thought she really hated him by the way she talked about him when we first reconnected. I didn’t feel like he was gonna be a threat or whatever,” Dean went on. Castiel nodded his head in understanding.
When Castiel reached his house, he hopped out of his car and jogged up to the front door. He wanted to be in and out, so he went straight up to his room to grab more clothes. He was debating whether or not he should pack any more socks, not knowing how long he’d be gone, when he heard a voice from his door.
Soon, they were pulling at each other's clothes as they made their way clumsily to the bedroom. They made love with fierce passion until neither of them could stay awake any longer.
“Depends on what happens tomorrow,” Castiel answered, “there’s a chance Naomi could take a deal and then this is all...over. I don’t know. As far as my injury goes, the doctor said I have a skull fracture, and that those usually heal on their own, but they take a while to do so. I’ll have to give the school office a doctor’s note or something about it when we go back.”
"We'll go with option number two then," Cas said, positioning himself into prime viewing location for Dean. They were both quite impatient by the time Cas started opening himself up. Cas exaggerated his moans to get Dean begging. Soon enough, Dean was running his mouth, begging Cas to ride him already. He was even making threats to keep Cas tied up and waiting some day. Cas pushed his tempo and he was grinding down his fingers, trying desperately to find that spot inside him that turned his bones into jelly. When he found it, he shouted out Dean's name, frustrating the hell out of the restrained man.
“I really shouldn’t,” Castiel tried arguing.
“I say….why are we still…on the couch?” He asked between kisses. At that, Dean picked Cas up and started walking blindly. Cas was caught off guard but started directing Dean towards his bedroom. They made it in one piece, although they might have a few bruises here and there. Castiel was sure he had more hickeys strewn across his torso as well. Dean dropped Cas on the bed and quickly covered him with his body.
Now what?
as his abuser, this could go to court. And then what? Think of our reputation. Think of
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m good, really,” Castiel insisted. The brit acquiesced, and the language teachers walked down the hall to the front door.
The boys got into the Impala, and Dean started the drive to Cas' house. He really didn’t have a game plan. It’s not like he could walk up to the front door and ring the bell. Wouldn’t that be interesting?
“Hey, don’t be like that.” Dean said, he placed a gentle kiss to Cas’s lips before pulling back and positioning Cas how he wanted him.
“Well, I just tried to talk to Castiel about the test, and he accused me of not caring about him!”
"Oh, it's um....it's Castiel." He states, running a hand through his perpetually crazy black hair. He walks over and sits opposite Dean on the couch.
"I'll wash 'em." Dean offered. Cas conceded and slipped up on the counter next to the sink. Dean looked up at Cas's face and smiled, always amazed at how strapping his husband always looks. Dean looked down and continued washing the dishes. When he looked up, Cas's eyes weren't on him, but were on one of the chairs in the dining room. Dean followed Cas's gaze to his chair, where a black box was resting. Dean dried off his hands and stood in front of Cas. Dean reached out his hand and Cas took it, sliding off the counter and closer to Dean.
“Damnit, Dean,” Castiel cursed, rushing to get five nuts back on his chopstick so they could start again. Jo and Gabriel were already at seven, but their tower seemed mighty wobbly.
“I don’t think you’d risk getting into any more trouble,” Sam wagered, his smile not faltering.
“I don’t know...flighty, I guess,” Dean supplied.
“Oh, that’s more like it,” Cas moaned. After getting comfortable with the slight burn, Cas moved slowly up and down. It took Dean a bit of will power to not snap up into Cas. In no time at all, their pace was jacked up and Cas grinding down on Dean with everything he had.
With that, both men drifted off, happiness seeping deep into their bones.
“But then we found out about your little betting pool...serves you guys right for placing bets on us like we’re some kind of...uh...thing you place bets on,” Dean wittily replied.
“What do the cops do with the key when they get it back?” Cas asked.
"Haaaave you met Castiel?" Balthazar asked the man, winking at Cas again as he left to mingle with the other poor souls in the bar.
was the one proposing. I never said anything about being proposed
sticker.”
“Dean Winchester,” Mary admonished.
Dean laughed and rubbed his hand over his face.
“So do you
“I can’t believe you got him to agree to date you a second time,” Benny teased, “on a more serious note, I’m glad y’all are back together. Your songs might be popular with the masses, but they’re too damn whiny for me.”
Between his schoolwork and holiday prep, Castiel barely had any time for himself. Or for Dean. They tried planning dates, but every time Castiel thought he’d had a spare hour, Naomi swooped in with some new task.
“I’m not completely sure what that means, but she ran out very quickly.” Castiel answered.
“Oh yeah? Name
“Have you made any friends?” Michael asked.
“No! Stop laughing! It’s really not that funny.
“Um...I’m gonna have to protest that,” Cas answered, pausing his show and sitting up a little straighter in his bed.
“Ahh, a fellow linguist. I teach French,” Balthazar supplied. “We might run into each other in the language wing.” After a brief, slightly awkward pause, Balthazar said, “well, I’ll let you get to your run.”
"You didn't tell me where he worked. Maybe I could send him a little somethin'-somethin'," Charlie winked nudged him with her elbow. Dean laughed and his reply was on the tip of his tongue, but he couldn't remember where Cas worked. He didn't even think they'd talked about it.
“Sorry! I was just making sure!”
rules,” she said, trying to gain the upper ground.
"Holy shit." Cas laid there for a while, going over the highlights of his dream.
“It’s just,” Castiel took a deep breath and had to look away from Dean, “this is...how you acted with-...in college,” Cas said, not sure he could say much more while keeping his resolve. Dean knitted his eyebrows together for a moment before figuring out what Castiel was trying to say. He pulled his hand away and sat back in his chair. He swallowed thickly.
“I’m gonna go with no,” he replied, flushing the toilet.
The weeks passed as the temperature outside steadily declined. The trees were changing colors, some already ditching their leaves to keep their roots warm. Daylight savings time came and went, and while they did get the ‘extra hour’, Castiel found himself missing the warm sunshine. He gradually replaced his shorts and shirts for pants and sweaters, but he did have to admit: he liked the
"God, yes, I meant it, every word of it. I swear, baby, I didn't mean what I said earlier. I was being an ass and I don't know why...." Dean took a deep breath and stood up. "Maybe we should have this conversation somewhere else." Dean proposed as he referenced to their sleeping daughter. Cas nodded and led the way back to their bedroom. Dean shut the door behind them and turned to face his husband, whose arms were folded over his chest.
