"Thanks, Petey pie," Steve tells him as he takes the phone, the nickname falling off his tongue naturally and he smiles when the three year old giggles and rushes off to his previous spot. "Hi sweetie, have a nice conversation?"
"You poor thing," Steve coos as he wraps his arms around Tony and pulls him to his chest where the genius sighs happily and rests his ear over Steve's heart. "You know what I'm most excited about living with you?"
Bucky looks up when the elevator doors open on the penthouse ten minutes after getting back from SHIELD. Peter walked out with Steve in his arms and a pouty/sad Tony trailing after him like a sad puppy.
"Quit your yappin'," Steve scolds his best friend playfully as he leads him and his other best friend, Sam, out towards the moving truck where Tony and Peter were waiting. "And don't say that we're moving too quick. It all just feels so right. Like I just know that Tony's the one, ya know? Like he's that missing piece that I've been searching for and Peter's the best kid, I love him."
"Well as fun as roasting Thor is, the little ones need to take their nap," Natasha announces as she stands up with Steve in her arms, making the tiny blonde start to whine and reach out for anyone willing to rescue him. Unfortunately for him, no one does because Nat is scary and they do not want to anger her.
"Get the hint!" They hear Clint shout from across the room and Tony shouldn't be satisfied over the embarrassment that washes over Sharon Carter's face. But he is satisfied. Thank you Clint and your big mouth.
"I know, I still love him. I know I always will," Steve replies slowly as he looks over at Peter and studies his profile. "We tried making it work again shortly after he came back from space, tried giving your sister the family she deserves, but the grief of losing you and the pain of having lost made it too difficult for us to give it our all. It felt selfish to move on when half of the population was gone and we'd all lost loved ones. We ended things for good two years after the decimation and he moved out here with Morgan. I worried every day. I'm sorry about hurting your dad when I made you that promise all those years ago that I wouldn't."
"You're not hungry, Tony?" Peter asks the three year old in his arms who shook his head again and yawned.
No one said anything because at that moment, the brunette child stopped and stared at Peter curiously. Everyone held their breath as the little boy struggled to get off the couch and then ran up to Peter with his tiny chubby legs.
"And I get it, but Loki can defend himself pretty good and I'd rather not have to treat you for another stab wound caused by said brother. Besides, Bucky's a great guy and he wouldn't hurt your brother intentionally."
lmao, this one is like a mixture of all universes because it's not canon beyond Ultron but Steve was found earlier from the ice and married Tony who was already a single dad to Peter
"Can you use the bathroom on your own or do you need help?" Peter asked a little hesitantly once they reached the bathroom, setting the three year old down and getting large brown eyes in response. "I'll take that as a no. Okay, this isn't going to be awkward at all."
"He is. Baby had a rough night so let's be a little quiet so we can let him sleep, alright?" Natasha informs the blonde child who nods even though he really wanted to play with baby.
"So Peter, you'll be sleeping in the guest room here," Steve says as he carries the child and the bag to the room next to his. It was technically a guest room, but Steve's best friend Bucky stayed there at least four nights a week because he didn't like dealing with his roommate Sam Wilson though Steve likes to tease his best friend about crushing on Sam. "My room is right next door and the bathroom is across the hall."
Thor went to say something about how their mother used to threaten him and Loki to eat their food or else the Frost Giants would enter their room at night and take them, but thought better of it knowing his brother struggled with his heritage.
"Ugh, it's disgustin', honestly," Bucky teases and cackles as Sam trips on his own two feet and by some miracle doesn't drop the boxes he was carrying. "Stevie looks at Tony like the greatest thing on this planet."
Can I request a ironstrange sicfic? Like Tony is sick and Stephen is there to make sure Tony doesn't accidentally die - Princess_klaus
"Yes," Peter says softly as he looks away from the button and up to his father with a shy little smile.
"I told Tony I had to go to school but he won't let me go so I guess I'll stay today and deal with this tomorrow again," Peter explains to her and the spy nods as she ruffles Tony's hair affectionately.
"Hey!" Peter exclaims as he looked up at Loki with a small pout that had Steve giggling uncontrollably. "I am not a child. I'm fifteen."
Bucky and Natasha head down to pick up the stuff they ordered while Sam, Wanda and Clint head up to the penthouse to arrange the guest room for their tiny guests.
It's that same Saturday around lunchtime when Thor returns with a grumpy looking Loki who suppresses a smile when his eyes lock with Bucky's and Peter has to hold back the eye roll he wants to give the two idiots.
"Need help?" Bucky asks as he enters the bathroom, Steve smiling up at the metal armed super soldier who has two towels over his arm.
"Oh, look at these adorable little things!" Clint cooed once he spotted the toddlers, Tony whining again and hiding his face from the rest. Peter suspected that Tony would start getting fussy soon.
"If we're talking about impossible to achieve resolutions than I'll say cut my caffeine intake in half," Toni chimes in from where she's sat nestled into Steve's side dressed in leggings and one of Steve's hoodies, her sock covered feet tucked under her.
Steve looks up when they walk in and makes grabby hands at Tony, scowling until Natasha sets the other three year old on his lap. They watch as Tony breaks his piece of bread in half and offers it to the blonde who gladly takes it and starts eating.
"More like a big baby," Stephen retaliates with a smirk. "You're my boyfriend, I love you and I'm going to be by your side no matter the circumstances. Whether you're sick or in the infirmary again with broken bones, I'm with you. For as long as you'll have me." Stephen smiles softly as he brushes back Tony's curls before tucking him in bed.
"Very well," is all Strange says before he settles on the other end of the couch with Tony's feet on his lap.
"I'm not a dog and Steve and I agreed to keep things between us for awhile. Kissing him in front of so many people is bound to get leaked to the press somehow," Tony states bitterly.
Clint and Natasha share a look, snickering at his choice of words. When the elevator doors opened on the communal floor, they hear Tony laughing and immediately assume that Loki was back. They hadn't heard Tony laugh all week and it was such a welcome sound that they quickly headed to the kitchen to greet Loki.
"In my defense, flirting is like my native language and you should know that by now," Tony points out with a raised eyebrow. "And I flirted differently with you than I did with anyone else on the team."
Steve watches with a fond look on his face as the child sits on the ground and talks to his dad, often times nodding and forgetting that Tony couldn't see him. Peter giggles a few times and it warms Steve to hear such a pure and innocent sound.
"So you're saying if Cap ever goes missing, we can replace him with you?" Clint asks excitedly and Steve glares at the archer who's laughing.
"You oaf, do you not know how long it takes me to do my hair?" Loki complains as she stands behind Tony to use him as a shield, the genius's laughter having died down to small giggles every now and then.
"You think kisses are gross?" Steve asks the kid as he lifted him up over his head, Peter's shrieks of laughter filling the small apartment. "Well how about this!" Steve brought Peter down and showered his face in kisses which only made the three year old laugh even harder to the point where he wasn't even making any sound anymore and he brought his little hands out in hopes of stopbig Steve's assault.
Telling Steve, slightly easy but very nerve wracking. They hadn't talked about kids even though they've been together for going on to five years and married for two, so that took a bit of getting hints from her oblivious super soldier before spilling the beans once her morning sickness decided to attack her a week after finding out.
"Ow," Toni chokes out, eyes clenched shut before she lets out a long sigh of relief. "I wasn't sure, but now I am a hundred percent positive that I'm going into labor."
Scott nods enthusiastically but the others aren't really sure how they'll be able to deal with two three (and a half) year olds. They'll figure it out though.
"Play?" Tony asks Loki, looking up at him with large brown eyes and pointing at the prince and then at the rather large pile of blocks that now surrounded Peter and Steve who were both busy giggling about something.
When he wakes again, his head’s a little clearer, and he’s able to hold a thought in his head, without having to work for it like a beggar. He sits up slowly, and runs a hand through his hair. It’s dark, and three doesn’t seem to be anyone around, but there’s mechanical and medical equipment all around the room. It’s kind of odd, actually, it looks like something designed for much more intensive care. He shakes his head, and stands, deciding to deal with that thought later. Maybe they just wanted to make sure they didn’t screw up and kill Tony Stark.
“FRI, what the hell knocked me out of the sky?” no answer comes though, and he scoffs, thinking a bitter ‘e tu, Friday?’. Seems like people have been abandoning him lately, but he didn’t think it applied to tech too. He never thought one of his talents would be scaring off AI that was programmed to do his bidding, but hey, Howard did always say he was an overachiever. Especially in the art of pissing him off. He sighs, and moves to sit up.
His bottom lip starts to hurt from where he’s worrying at it, and he pushes himself slowly up from his seat, making his way across the room and grabbing the key out of the wooden box. He turns it over in his hand a few times, giving himself room to set it back and give up on the ridiculous notion that Steve might still care about him. Somehow, he ends up with the burner in his hand, flipped open with the screen displaying Steve’s message. Tony raises an eyebrow, and sends one back before he can think twice about it.
Tony's not the best with car journeys at certain times, is pretty sure his body now has an automatic response of dosing him with adrenaline if he's travelling faster than a certain speed - one too many firefights where he's stuck in the passenger seat of Clint's car certainly make an impression on a guy - and he's more than a little shocked in his less than sober state that he's not sporting any bullet wounds. There are a few scars that he's definitely not excited for Steve to see, because Steve seems virtually flawless and Tony's volunteered himself as bait one too many times in recent months. The bruises are all long gone, but the various scars - bullet, knife, electrical wire - remained. Tony steps out of the car and reaches up to pull Steve down into another kiss. It's late enough and cold enough that, for once, he's not overly concerned about someone seeing him. When they pull back from each other, it takes more effort than Tony'd care to admit to stop himself from panting, instead glancing behind Steve and raising an eyebrow at the building that greets him.
One look at the coding of Barnes' phone made it clear that it would be a Goliath task even for someone as skilled as Tony, and Steve's wasn't much less protected. There are holes in Steve's firewall though, make it marginally easier to crack than Barnes's, and the program he's designed has been decrypting the information for over a week. He's pretty sure Steve'll think he's no longer interested, or was hurt by the whole husband thing. He can't even return to the club - Pepper's threatened death if he tries. There's a ping from across the room, and then his phone vibrates where it's stuck between his thigh and the couch, and he smiles to himself. Jess and Wanda are doing okay, so he figures he can take a quick break to call Steve, arrange the next time they meet. He sets the call up so that it goes through his laptop, using his headset so he can easily switch back to Jessica's comm line if needs be, and he lets it ring, prays Steve isn't adverse to answering unknown numbers.
“it’s ok, I… You’re not wrong.” He casts a bitter stare down at the floor, and tony sighs softly, taking the mug of cocoa from Steve, setting it down on the changing table.
It had started as a joke, something Clint said offhandedly after the battle of New York, so long ago, a comment about Tony being the star of the show, with the way he laid himself on the line to protect innocent people. Tony, being who he was, took it in stride, played it off as a joke, but it got Steve to thinking. He was always a star in more ways than just his attitude.
"Steve, I'm not...I'm not apologising for our fight," he says, glancing down at the ground and then back up to meet Steve's eyes. He can do this. It's likely a horrible idea that he'll regret five seconds out in the open, but he can do this. "I mean -- I hate the fact that we fought, yeah, obviously, but I'm not apologising for that. I didn't..." He trails off, unsure of how to best approach this. Steve needs to know. "I was pregnant, Steve. I didn't know, was too stressed to catch onto any of the signs my body was giving me, and I don't -- I'm sorry." Steve feels like he’s been punched through with something. His heart thuds painfully, and he blinks rapidly once, twice, before he feels a tear fall off the end of his lashes.
Spending time with Tony is always easy. deceptively moreso than it should be, but all good things come to an end, and Clint is starting to get antsy, sitting in one place. It doesn’t help that he’s pressed up against the arm of the couch, his spine at a strange and cramped angle, while tony snores on him. Fucking guy always has been like a toddler, leave him alone and unentertained for more than ten minutes, and the chances that he’d be passed out sooner than later were astronomical. The sight brings a small smile to Clint’s lips, even though it probably shouldn’t. He probably shouldn’t be allowed to think of his friend, in endearing terms like this, but fuck it, no one’s policing his thoughts, that he’s aware of. So, he’ll find it cute if he damn well wants to.
The hospital they take him to is aesthetically pleasing for all intents and purposes, but it’s ugly in every other way that matters. It’s ugly in that he’s taken to the highest floor, and given the quickest medical care, amidst the hushed whispers of ‘Tony Stark’ and ‘Iron Man’. He shouldj’t take precedence over any other patient, just because he has money and a fucked up past. He would be telling them as much too, but he’s stuck, an unwilling passenger on the carnival ride of his own body. He really has to put solid effort into not thinking about how sad exactly that is. Or how apt.
“and neither of us would know a thing about that, would we, Stevie?” Steve just laughs softly, and leans over onto Bucky’s side.
Tony swears he saw something flash across Steve’s face, quick and fleeting and it looked downright painful. He doesn’t know if it’s something he’s done, prays to every deity he can think of that it isn’t. It’s not his place to ask, he knows that for definite, so he settles on trailing another couple kisses along Steve’s jawline, then captures his lips for a proper kiss, slower and considerably more gentle than earlier. He pulls back with a grin.
Tony stares at Steve for a few seconds, watching for any traps, any signs that something's off. He wants to trust Steve, wants a hug, but this - the truth about who he is coming to light - changes things. They're supposed to be sworn enemies, and it wouldn't be the first time one of the Hunt have been killed after a member of Red Star lured them in with false promises of peace. He hates every little thing about this: the guns on the table, the accusatory glare Clint's sending in his direction, Bucky being one wrong move away from killing them both, Steve looking like someone's kicked a puppy in front of him, the fact that the gun Bucky had pressed against his throat is definitely going to bruise. He'll just stick to wearing scarfs for the next couple weeks.
"Think he felt the same," he mutters, and he tries to not let any of the hurt seep into his tone. If Steve and Tony want to have something more than a one night stand, and Steve doesn't want to break things off with Bucky, then Bucky's more than willing to try to work something out. Maybe, if they can move past the fact that he almost shot him, Bucky and Tony could be friends, and Steve gets to have both of them. Maybe.
"We agreed that one night stands were okay," he says, ever so slowly and carefully. "We never said anything about falling for other people, Stevie. I can't... I can't exactly stop you from pursuing him if you want, but I don't... I don't know how I feel. I just... how'd you react if you found me with another guy, saying I'm in love with him?"
The fight had been going well. A bunch of mutants playing at being big bad villains, but they were easy to take down. Steve and Natasha were working on pushing the last of the stragglers toward the middle of central park, where the rest of the team was on standby, keeping an eye on the rest of them, until the barebones remnants of S.H.I.E.L.D could figure out what to do with them. Everything had been going so well. Granted, it’s the seventh or eighth fight they’ve had this week, but this is /small stuff/. When Steve hears that a teammate is down, his first reaction is not who, or where, but ‘how’.
The estate is gorgeous. It's got a sweeping lawn, and tons of trees for shade. It's idyllic. He could see himself and Tony living here, raising kids, being happy. He shakes his head, and scoffs at himself, bitter at how his rut is making him act overly paternal. Tony probably doesn't want kids with him anyway. in all the time that they’d He raises his hand over the heavy oak door, and Knocks lightly, terrified of the response. What if Tony doesn’t answer. What if he isn’t even here, it’s entirely possible he changed his mind, and decided not to show at all? He bites gently at his lower lip, worrying it in between his teeth, and silently panicking about everything.
"In this world, we're just beginning to understand the miracle of living. Baby, I was afraid before, but I'm not afraid anymore. baby, do you know what it's worth? Heaven is a place on earth. They say in heaven, love comes first, we'll make heaven a place on earth."
“lucky bastard, aren’t I?” he steps toward the end of the hall, and grabs the woman’s hand, kissing it softly. He holds his arm out, offering it to her, and she hooks hers around easily, waving at Tony, before turning to grab a handful of her skirt, keeping the beautiful fabric from trailing on the floor. They’re almost to the corner at the end of the hall, when William turns around, and sends Tony a quick nod. “hey kid. Do yourself a favor. Make sure you make your own life too.” With that, they turn down the hall and disappear, and Tony’s not terribly surprised to hear the sound of an EKG flatlining in the room in front of him.
.” He walks away, pulling the phone from his pocket, ignoring the receding sound of sobbing. He notes, absently, that the number calling isn’t identified, which likely means wrong number, bill collector—because
Eventually, T’challa gets frustrated enough with it, that he offers Tony political asylum in Wakanda, based on his involvement with the Accords, and the UN’s conduct since. It’s nice to have the back up, but they both pray to God that they don’t have to use it. They… they still haven’t owned up to Tony being pregnant, despite his bump getting bigger by the day. Steve throws himself fully into working on their legal options, and Tony allows himself to be distracted by watching their pup grow and develop with every day. It’s not for much longer. It’ll be over soon.
Steve’s effort ends up being for naught, because the elevator chimes pleasantly, and Rhodey strolls out, looking confused and pissed. He hasn’t rounded the kitchen corner yet, so Steve isn’t visible yet, but it’s only a matter of seconds.
Bucky laughs. Quietly, thank fucking God, but for a long time. He shakes and shivers with is, and it's… unsettling, honestly. Probably. He isn't sure. “I bought this place for him, y’know that?” He nods for emphasis. “When we got married. I proposed here. You… you just invited me into my own bed. That's hilarious!” He takes a step forward and his consciousness drops off for a second and he stumbles. “I can't see shit in here!” He turns on a dim lamp in the bedside table. Steve stirs but doesn't wake and Bucky sighs wistfully, focusing his eyes on him. “He's beautiful… he really is.” Bucky blinks, slowly, and it becomes apparent that his pupils are definitely pinned.
“Jesus christ Tony, what’d you take home a fuckin’ vampire?” he asks, when he gets a look at the bruises blooming dark and prominent, across the genius’s fair skin. Something possessive and dark lances up Clints spine, but mostly, it’s… it’s concern. Tony, little shit that he is, simply grins.
His personal phone’s on the nightstand, right next to him. It’s entirely too easy to reach over, swipe the simple lock screen pattern, and fire up a quick Google search. But Tony’s not in the news. Not for Stark Industries, not for the UN, not for the Avengers, or even for trashy Celeb tabloids. It’s like he just… fell off the face of the planet, a month or so after Siberia. The most recent article that Steve can find mentions a brief hospital stint, and that makes his stomach churn. That… that has to be something that he did. That has to be injuries sustained in that god forsaken bunker, and being left in a frozen tundra, in a nonfunctioning suit. Steve slams his phone down, shoving it under the pillows, and turning over to get ready for sleep. He nestles the burner phone in its rightful place on the low bookshelf next to his bed, plugging it in, even though he hasn’t the vaguest clue as to why.
“I’ll never forgive you for choosin’ me, if you two don’t work it out.” Steve blinks, confused, but he doesn’t get a half a chance to argue, before Bucky’s continuing, speaking impartially, matter of factly, to the river in front of the hut. “I know why ya did it, ok? I get it. God knows  I wasn’t the only factor, But Stevie… I never seen you look at anyone the way you looked at him.”  Grey eyes narrow on cornflower blue ones, and Steve can’t help but to swallow uncomfortably. “You ain’t you lately. You walk around like you’re half dead, you jump at every shadow… you don’t
“I wasn’t,” Tony says, and he knows that he’s answering Steve’s question about whether or not he’s with the Hunt with those words, the slight shame they’re spoken with. But they’re the truth. Nobody sent him to that club, nobody told him who Steve was or who he was married to, and nobody instructed him to find his number, keep in contact. That’s all Tony, though he doesn’t know how to make Steve believe him. Bucky flicks the safety off the gun, presses the muzzle harder against his throat. Low and dangerous, he grits out a,
“and you weren’t supposed to blow our cover either, but here we are.” He growls disinterestedly at Steve. “How do you know who I am, kid?” he lobbies at Tony, his glare as cold as ever, and his aim with the gun not wavering in the slightest.
They’re not medically certain, whether or not those in comas can hear the words of their loved ones. There are a handful of studies that would suggest both, each contradicting each other, until they all seemed worthless to the scientific community. But Steve isn’t the scientific community. Steve is desperate. Steve is desperate, and lonely, and scared, and he’s at he end of his rope. So he does the only thing he can think of. He talks.
He burrows under the thick duvet on his bed, even more, trying to tuck himself into as small of a ball as he can manage. The thing about hiding though, is that it only works if you’re not hiding from yourself. His thoughts, not surprisingly, don’t go anywhere, and he growls in frustration at himself, flopping onto his back and glaring up at the ceiling.
“there was… another you, too. I think he was supposed to… take me to the other side, or whatever.” Steve raises an eyebrow, in intrigue and Tony groans quietly. “I know. I know how it sounds. Bear with me. I… when you asked me to come back… I was about to leave with him. Steve, you pulled me /
Tony abandons the pillow he'd started cuddling at some point in favor of scooting closer to Steve. He's a lot warmer than the pillow, anyway. He doesn't miss the slight hesitation before the word 'colleague', though he supposes that Steve's business is Steve's business, and he knows the consequences that come with poking his nose where it doesn't belong. Knows that the consequences are rarely pleasant, and he usually discovers things that he could have lived without knowing.
“keep your mouth open like that, some opportunistic bug is likely to fly right in.” he teases softly, jerking his head into the room.  Steve, who would usually snark back in kind, has on recourse other than to snap his mouth shut, and follow Tony into the previously secret room.
Steve nods, detached from the entirety of the situation by now. Buckys skin is pallid and clammy, he looks like death warmed over, and by now he's shaking violently. Steve knows this song and dance. “we should be fine as long as he doesn't lapse back into not breathing. He's going through withdrawal now, because he needed two hits of Narcan.” Bucky groans, and turns bloodshot eyes back to Steve. “Stevie… It’s not… I'm alright now. I don't need the hospital, I just need a little bump to get me by, just one hit to get ridda the shakes, baby, c’mon.” Steve makes a broken sound, something that's halfway between a whine and a growl. “Bucky, you've done this before, you know it gets better you know it does.”
Tony huffs out a quiet scoff at Steve’s message, ignoring the fact that Dum-E’s attempting to drape a blanket around his shoulders with minimal success. In lieu of Rhodey being in physical therapy most evenings, the bots have taken to ensuring that Tony’s well fed and rested, and shoving a blanket in Tony’s direction is Dum-E’s typical way of telling him that it’s time for bed. But it’s only eight in the evening, which means it’s something like two in the morning for Steve. He has to wonder if that means that Steve’s having as much trouble sleeping as he is. Probably not—Steve has Bucky there to comfort him, after all.
“A week.” Tony promises, staring at his alpha across the breakfast bar, desperate to reach out and touch him. “give me a week, and I’ll tell the team I’m moving back to the tower. I’ll strip all the old security codes, make it a fortress.”
It’s getting more and more difficult to keep himself quiet with Steve building speed, but Tony can’t exactly say that he minds. Still, he’s wary of any neighbors – the last time he’d brought someone back to the warehouse, Logan had used very colourful language the following morning to describe what he’d do if he had to listen to Tony being fucked again – so he pushes himself up on his elbows, reaches out with one hand to pull Steve back down for another kiss. Usually there wouldn’t be much of that with his one-night stands, Tony thinks. The kissing. It’s…It’s always been an oddly personal thing for him, and this is stepping into uncharted territory that isn’t as terrifying as he’d imagined it would be. Maybe it’s the fact that he’s been drinking, or maybe it’s because – despite conceding to Tony’s wishes to hurry the prep – Steve does seem to be checking on how Tony’s doing whenever they’re not in the middle of a kiss, and that’s…rare. Tony breathes out a moan against Steve’s lips when he brushes against his prostate, and he tries to angle his hips so that it’s easier for Steve to hit it again. Part of him wishes that the night lasts a little longer than they usually do, but he knows that there isn’t any way to alter time, knows that this was what he was looking for in the bar, after all: just a one-night stand. He also knows that Clint’ll smack him upside the head if he starts falling for a guy after one night, and he wants to retain as many brain cells as possible, so he shuts down any of those traitorous thoughts, focuses on the present.
Peter Parker, driving the van, greeted them at the loading dock. “Wait, weren’t there more people before?”
“Don’t mention it,” said Steve. “I used to have a friend would do this for me.” Abruptly closing his mouth, he began tearing off sections of the paper towel, folding them into dippable points so the boy could clean out the glassy scrape on his elbow. They worked, quietly, together; in the background, Steve could hear his teacher gently redirecting kids to help clean up, sending the Barton kid for a custodian: “Don’t run into Headmaster Fury!” the teacher called after him, then came back over and squatted down next to Steve and the black-haired boy.
“I don’t know, is anti-theft mode more annoying than listening to Thor talk about his family’s real estate?”
“Thank you,” said Scott, sounding genuinely touched. “Hey, Tony, does Thor have any allergies, like to bees or something? Could he have gotten bitten by the same thing Peter did and like collapsed of anyphalactic shock?”
“Here,” said Tony quickly, handing the attendant a twenty. “Please don’t tell anyone we came through.”
“Yep, ‘s me,” Tony continued, half-distracted, seemingly nonplussed by the table’s collective gawp. This was, after all, the first time he’d deigned to speak to anyone at the table except Barton. “Listen, I’m thinking about getting in some trouble and you all have the requisite amount of sublimated sexual tension and latent criminality. So, come help.”
"Sooooo, you got it bad,” Sam Wilson observed, lazily twirling a Frisbee on his middle finger and looking sideways at Steve.
“I’m never having sex in the dorms again,” said Steve flatly. “It’s nothing but camping from here on out.”
Steve looked at Tony dubiously, but the other boy was already distracted, snatching up a magazine and waving it at the thin white line of smoke that the soldering iron was sending up.
“Service entrance, right over there,” said Scott Lang. “Did anyone think to bring a variety of carpet cleaner’s uniforms, maybe some equipment and ID badges?”
“Dear Christ,” muttered Tony. “Lang, are we hot-wiring this thing or are we buying it a nice steak dinner? Get a fucking move on!”
“Six ways from Sunday, I know. What kind of a moron would go skinny dipping in that? Why even bother putting security cameras on it?” Steve was about to protest farther, but then Tony, still trotting backwards up the hill, pulled his sweatshirt over his head and the words died in Steve’s mouth. Tony’s skin was pale and his frame was kind of wiry, but he was sleek and muscled as an otter, and the line of fur heading down into his jeans was dark and—
Steve squinted into the sun that haloed Tony with a fierceness. “Hadn’t really gotten that far in the planning stage.”
seen riding a horse shirtless on the beach,” Pepper said in a wounded tone as she came up behind Tony, tweaking him lightly on the earlobe before hugging Hope and Scott. “So glad you both could come. We
“Come on. ‘Fess up. What has a handsome young fella like yourself so terminally freaked that he’s on a Greyhound in the middle of the night with nought but a homemade taser? They didn’t try to send you to one of those gay deprogram camps, did they?”
The shocked group leapt into action, grabbing Tony by the shoulders and wrists to pry him away from Barnes as Steve threw his body between the two.
Steve had just enough awareness as he fled to be dimly impressed with the ease of his escape: SHIELD, while it’d certainly housed plenty of trust-funded delinquents, didn’t offer much in the way of security for someone with a go-bag and a rappel rope stashed in the ceiling panel of the disused RA’s shower on the third floor. Steve removed the shower’s storm window slowly and carefully, using the tiny multi-tool in the third pocket of his bag and setting each bolt down quietly on the tile floor instead of letting them drop. Then he flung the end of the rappeling rope out the window and watched it flump heavily on the loading dock below. He waited to make sure the movement hadn’t attracted attention before hoisting himself and his duffel out of the window and sliding carefully down to the ground. He was four miles down the road towards the Greyhound stop before the faintest tinge of blue began to fill the sky; another three before a car passed him. It occurred to him that soon, Tony would turn the brilliant bent of his engineering mind to triangulating Steve’s location via the GPS in his phone—at the next bridge over the Lee River, he dug his phone out of his jeans pocket and flung it sideways into the quiet, slow-moving water below. He felt bad about that pretty immediately—the phone didn’t have anything on it he needed, but a pang went through him at the idea that the locator might lead Tony to think, however briefly, that Steve had jumped. Steve wasn’t
No one answered, and students looked around the classroom in confusion. No one ever ignored Mr. Coulson in his own classroom—and no one ever skipped Mr. Coulson’s class.
They were standing in a long hallway, the only light coming from a window at the other end of the building. To each side, identical doors in rows, each with a small, dimly lit, greenish window. Tony looked in the first one. Empty. Ditto, the next. In the eerie hallway, the air seemed fetid and stale. Steve, unhelpfully, had stopped making crashing noises the second they got into the hallway, so there was no telling where he was in the building. Tony peeked in the next window. Nothing.
floor”. He pushed on it. Locked. Next to the hinge, a card reader showed one glowing red LED.Clattering down the stairs behind him, Scott and Clint jostled him to peer at it.
“Pfft. He’s a two-bit stooge. One of these days he’s gonna blow up at Fury and I’m gonna laugh my ass off.”
They descended four flights of stairs quickly, past the squall of girls on the third dormitory floor, a sobbing one-way cell-phone conversation in Korean on the second where all the ESL students lived, and the muffled tones of a late rehearsal on the first, floating up from the ancient black-draped ballet studio which nestled like a dark, cavernous heart in the center of the building. Pushing open the heavy fire door at the bottom of the stairs, they emerged, drawing deep breaths of the velvety May air.
A tiny knot of Barton, Thor, Peter, Bruce, Tony and Sam formed around him, looked. All nodded in unison.
“Holy fuck, there are a million and one stars out here,” announced Barton as he stepped out the back of the van, unzipping his jeans as he went. “Hey, I think I see Little Bear!”
“Charming,” said Sitwell. “Useless,” he said, pointing to Steve. “Go on, get your boyfriend out of here and see if you can keep him out for at least another month.”
“It’s from Twilight, Jesus, don’t you kids read anything nowadays? Anyway, what are you, a stalker? Don’t be creepy, wake him up.”
“You’re right,” said Tony, like Fury was suddenly an afterthought, an annoyance. “You’re completely ancillary, I don’t even know why I thought you needed to be in on this. Good talk.” He swept off towards the tray return, leaving Fury looking murderous in the center of the cafeteria, where everyone was doing a very poor job of concealing their interest in the confrontation. Fury glared at them all in general for a moment before stalking off, the cafeteria filling with a dull roar of speculation in his wake.
“Oh hell yes, I’m gonna get nachos, hey Wilson,” Clint said, edging past both of them on the way into the Sheetz. Sam and Tony looked at each other.
“He was transferred to a hospital in…. Zemo, Delaware,” said Steve, flipping to the next page of a densely scribbled-upon file. “Under the guardianship of someone named Alexander Pierce. That’s not his dad.”
“Like a charm that never happened,” said Barton. “But this one’s not for me. I need a taser. For Tasha.”
“I DON’T BELIEVE YOU!” The words hung in the air for a while; just long enough for the loyalty in the room to rearrange itself to a subtly different configuration.
“You taste good,” Tony broke off the kiss to inform him, “Like… America.” Then went right back to kissing Steve before he could say anything like,
said Tony. “Now, who do I gotta fuck to get an ETA around here? I feel like I’ve been on 9 for a year.”
“Not trash, components,” Tony called back, his eyes not leaving Steve’s. Steve felt his face heat under the shorter boy’s inspection. No one back home looked at Steve like that. Then again, no one back home told you their jerk-off habits within thirty seconds of meeting you, either.
“Shut up,” said Steve grumpily, feeling his face heat up as he picked at the plastic grommet on his shoelace. Across the field, the shirts team, lead by Tony, was enjoying halftime. They were also winning. By five points. Steve’s team was… not enjoying halftime so much.
“Ahh, see, that would be the kind of prediction I actively try to avoid making,” said Bruce. “Never worked out too well for me.”
“Pull over. Pull over right now,” said Bruce, joined by a chorus of several other van inhabitants in varying tones of concern. The van slowly petered to a stop, and Tony turned to look over his shoulder.
I was rubbing off on you,” Barton said with smug equanimity, floating on his back like an otter and spitting a high streamer of water in the air. They let him float, mainly because it was funny to watch his eyes widen when he realized that the yell of “Cannonball!” coming closer was Thor, and furthermore that it was far too late to get out of the way.
Tony closed his eyes over the “Asshole, did we not just have this conversation?” from Clint and the “Seriously?” from Sam and the “Nice,” from Bruce.
“Well then, I can think of nowhere better for her to sit than next to you, Barton,” responded Mr. Coulson kindly. “She’ll hear plenty of it. Rogers, budge up a seat.” Steve did, and Natasha slid behind him, hunching her shoulders to hide behind Steve’s back. Once she was back there, Steve didn’t hear a peep out of her for the rest of class period. He guessed that his days of getting emulsified by desk-rattle were over.
, it doesn’t make you his guardian. SHIELD is already in contact with the people who need to know about him going AWOL and we will handle it, without your or
“Tony, really, we really gotta get some rack time before tomorrow,” Steve protested, a protest his dick didn’t seem to be participating in. “Come on, man—Xavier School is no joke.”
Tony spun around in his chair. “Why do you think I spend my spare time making tasers?” He tossed Steve a small, dense object. “Heads-up.”
about, Stark,” said Steve, and then Tony thumbed down the waistband of his boxer briefs and pulled his cock out and rested it on Steve’s mouth. Steve was so taken aback that the words died in his mouth—he felt the blush rising in his face, shame at having been thrown by such a sleazy play. But Tony’s cock felt
“You know, if this thing lets loose from the building, we’re gonna be in a world of hurt,” said Bruce as they climbed.
, we were almost kidnapped by hill people in Bucksnort, Peter got bitten by a radioactive poisonous shit-eating deathspider—”
.” Sitwell’s tone was half amused and half-terrified, like he thought if he couldn’t talk Tony out of his newest obsession, that Tony might try it on himself. He aimed a beseeching look at Steve.
Steve looked guilt-stricken. “Guys. I’m so sorry. I had no idea you would follow me. I wouldn’t have left so… suddenly. If I’d known.” He made eye contact with Tony, who flushed warm from collarbone to hairline. “You don’t have to go with me to Delaware. I’m sure you’re already in a lot of trouble as it is, and if you want to go back to SHIELD—”
“We have a Norseman? A Norwegian? Whatever. A Thor, in my homeroom,” Tony said that evening over the guts of a disassembled iPhone he was trying to turn, somehow, into a projector. Steve just knew this was going to end in porn. “He’s gigantic. He’s like three of you mashed together, G.I. Joe.”
“Actually, he is,” came a voice from behind them, and the whole group swiveled to goggle at Coulson, wearing shorts and a charcoal-grey hoodie and holding a largish duffle. “Is this where we’re assembling?”
Walking down to the infirmary, the black-haired boy was quiet, which wouldn’t have been awkward if Steve knew where he was going. But as it stood, this was Steve’s second day in a new school, and the SHIELD campus was a sprawling late-last-century mess of additions and wings set into a steep hillside, so after going down what looked like two levels on the classroom side of campus, only to find himself in the laundry room three floors up on the driveway side, Steve had to admit defeat. He slowed to a stop and the black-haired boy did, too. Under the swelling goose egg on his forehead, the boy’s gaze was amused. “You have no idea where the infirmary is, do you?”
“I heard Rogers was hitchhiking towards Alaska,” Scott Lang said around a mouthful of scalloped potatoes. “Gonna live off the land like what’s his name, you know.”
Steve drew one more deep, appreciative breath of the night air and then set off, jogging up the driveway after Tony, a dark shape glowing against the white gravel. Not for the first time, Steve admired the smaller boy’s fluidity, his grace—and then a thought caught him smack across the face:
“Ehh,” said Bruce. When Steve looked at him incredulously, he shrugged. “What can I say, I’m on second and I can hear it.”
Tony shrugged. “If anyone besides me could figure out how to make one, yeah, sure. Not too worried about that.”  He scooped a large armful of clothes off the lower bunk into an already brimming laundry basket, leaving the bed mostly empty. “So, uh. Home sweet bunk bed I guess.”
The whole group crowded around the window. A very old man was laying in the bed, hooked up to monitors and wires, his covers smooth and undisturbed. Even comatose, the man wore a frown that suggested he very much disapproved of what was happening to him.
“You,” Tony said. “You need to relax. I mean it. And I am focused on the game, that’s why I’m saying this. You’re stressed and not sleeping and not relaxing. And I need my team captain rested. So you,” said Tony, climbing back into the bed and straddling Steve. “Are gonna let me tie you to this bedframe. And you’re gonna let me do whatever feels good to your body, for as long as it feels good.”
Steve really couldn’t tell which was more annoying. Having Tony Stark be effortlessly, astonishingly, just eye-wateringly good at a sport Steve’d had to work at for years, or watching everyone else watch Tony be good at it. The first few times Tony practiced, it was just teammates clapping Steve on the back—a smattering of “Where’d you
“Come on, Banner. Look on the bright side, you won’t die bored,” said Tony, “Because you’ll be doing math for me. Here, take this,” he said, pulling a pen out of his pocket and chucking it at Bruce. “Find a napkin and calculate how far Rogers could’ve gotten.”
“It’s not any of these. That’s the library, that’s the administrative building, those two are classrooms, and that’s the gym over there. If you could draw a line straight through the library, you’d hit the infirmary on the other side of it.”
“Gimme the tire iron. I can change it,” said Scott Lang, twitchy from hours spent sitting in the van.
“You hear how she talks to me?” Tony muttered, but allowed her to pull his lower eyelid down, revealing a bright pink scratch.
They hit the door of Steve’s little room kissing and stripping, all elbows and knees as wet swim trunks and Iron Man-branded rash guards went flying. Steve’s mouth was wet, needy and harsh in a way Tony recognized—it mirrored a hunger in him, one he hadn’t felt for a long, long time. It had been a while since he’d wanted anyone the way he wanted—his mind still shied away from calling him “Steve”, he noticed, he was more comfortable calling him “Rogers”, or even “Cap”, and he made a mental note to ask Pepper what that was about. Probably a defense mechanism, if he had to take a guess.
“Five years in the circus,” Barton said, not looking at Tony as he turned the ignition and threw the clutch in. “Had my CDL at sixteen.”
Limping back to campus took a while. By the time he got back, it was past curfew and the security lights were on. Maria Hill, crossing the courtyard from the swimming pool, looked surprised to see him.
“Man, you gotta help me out,” Scott said as Tony came down the stairs into the pool. “I’m surrounded by geniuses and none of them can agree on what a salad is.”
Clint undid the drawstrings and upturned the sack over his palm. Out slid two blue-black sets of knuckles shaped like honeycomb. Clint hefted them. “They’re kinda… light.”’
Tony swallowed hard, summoning courage he felt like he’d last needed at junior prom. “Captain Rogers, would you like to get out of here with me?”
“I wanna tie you to my bedframe and leave the door open, let everyone on the hall see my obedient soldier begging me to stroke his cock. I wonder if you’d come harder, knowing they were standing outside listening.”
Looking mutinous, Clint let go and stood aside. “That nut’s rusted frozen completely. I don’t think they’ve ever rotated the tires on this thing. Ever.”
Tony backed away, and Steve stood, hefting the taser with newfound respect. “So, teach me how to use one of these.”
“Mister Barton.” The teacher’s voice was calm, almost eerily mild, but it caused the pencil point to retract from Steve’s neck. “Please be gentle with the furniture, the school can’t afford to replace it this particular century.”
“I say this with all due love and respect, Tony” said Scott Lang, who was bent over and breathing hard, “but your boyfriend is a pain in the ass.”
,” said Carol, hoisting her red plastic handbag a little higher on her shoulder and patting Steve on the hand in a motherly fashion. “On your feet, soldier.”
“Yeah well, they might be rednecks but rednecks watch NASCAR,” Clint said, pointing at a Sunoco station ahead with a large red-and-blue “24” banner. “And NASCAR fans can change tires fast.”
“I believe you,” said Steve, slowly turning to take in the whitewashed curves and vaulted ceiling of the foyer. “This place is beautiful, Tony.”
“It’s Cadet Rogers,” Steve corrected him, then moaned as Tony ground into him, nipping at his shoulder.
“I gotta get me one of those,” Tony muttered as the sleek craft descended. “Hey Lang, think you could hotwire a Wakandan aircraft?”
“I’m an independent freelance masseuse and personal therapist specializing in romantic issues,” said Carol, and grinned around a forkful of cherry pie.
“Don’t look at me,” said Scott Lang, whom no one was looking at. “I was just supposed to hot wire the van.”
“Yeah, it’s kinda gross. Listen, we can’t go back to the dorms just yet, no one’ll believe we’re turning in early and Hill will check up on us.”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah, less talking more changing,” said Tony, noticing a state highway patrol car cresting the ridge behind them. “Psst. Lang.” He gestured Scott behind him so he was concealed by the van, and watched as the patrol car sped past, never even tapping its brakes at the sight of the broken-down van and the many teenagers huddled around its rear wheel. When the car disappeared, Scott let out a sigh of relief.
“Hey, we’re all geniuses,” said Scott Lang soothingly. “Hey, look, a pawn shop! Think they have old-school Nintendo cartridges?”
“Cause Dad never shows up,” said Sam. He waited a beat for the implication to sink in, eyes sliding sideways to watch Steve.  “Yeah, see, no one has ever seen Tony Stark’s parents. They don’t come to drop him off, they don’t come to pick him up, they don’t come for anything.”
“Ah, young love,” came a voice from above the table, and everyone was startled to see Tony Stark standing there. Even Barton, fist tangled in Lang’s hair, strained to look over his shoulder. “Tony? That you?”
Thor frowned at the green vine he held, pinched between two meaty fingers. “I cannot see another way to free you, friend. In Norway we do not have this stubborn and grasping plant.”
“Don’t embarrass him over it, it’s kinda sweet,” said Bruce. “Or, you know, would be. If any of us were in relationships.” Everyone quietly noted how Bruce’s eyes flicked involuntarily to Natasha at the end of that sentence.
Steve took the folder from Bruce; looked at the group huddled expectantly around his shoulders; sighed.
true,” Steve said to the kid who was, rather annoyingly, poking the back of Steve’s neck with a pencil point. Normally, this would be an act of warfare. Since this kid was simultaneously tapping Steve’s neck, drumming his fingers on his own desk, joggling one heel on the floor
“OK, given that we aren’t going to impersonate a cleaning crew OR a medieval siege unit, what are our other options?” said Tony.
“Well, it is,” said Tony. “Walks like a duck, quacks like a duck, knocks you on your ass like a duck. Half the weight and forty times cheaper than the commercial kind. And you don’t have to have a license to own one of these.”
to set off the fire alarms,” Tony said reasonably, and then the end of his magazine knocked the soldering iron off its holder. “Shit, grab that?”
Letting himself back into the room that night, Steve decided not to let words get in the way of what he had to say. He crossed the room swiftly, not bothering to close the door behind him, and met Tony’s opening mouth with a kiss that stole all Tony’s speech. When he finally pulled back for air, Tony’s eyes were dark, his lips swollen.
“Ahh, you’re tiptoeing,” said Tony, his eyes closed, his head tilted back against the gently swaying side of the van. “You need to strut, big guy. You might enjoy it.”
“Now where’s the fun in that?” Tony said, straddling Steve’s hips. “Besides, what if I enjoy beating your ass?” His eyes, locked on Steve’s, grew darker as he said it—Steve felt his face heating up.
“Ooh, we’re not—it’s not,” said Scott, hopelessly attempting to draw an “it’s complicated” relationship in the air before being rescued by the descent of yet another aircraft—this time, a Royal Talon Fighter of the Wakandan airforce.
“Truly, it is quite obvious,” said Thor. At everyone’s silence, he continued. “Surely you have all noticed that he took up a sport simply to please Rogers.”
“What, he’s my protégée and he’s good to have in a scrap and if we don’t take him along on vacation with us, what kind of a message does that send? Happy, right up here’s fine.” Tony slid up on the seat, scooting towards the door of the ridiculously long party/prom limo he’d made Happy drive into Queens, and which he was now making Happy double-park on a fairly narrow street between two bodegas.
“So here’s what we’re doing,” Carol informed Steve as she dug her rhinestone-encrusted cell phone out of her bag. “I am going to give you my phone number, and in exchange, you are going to give me yours. And if I don’t hear from you in another three days, I will assume that you have fallen down a well and need some help, OK?”
“I said, did you beg for him?” Tony murmured silkily, still flexing against Steve’s leg, his hand sliding up and down Steve’s cock. “The first boy you let fuck that pretty little mouth?”
The room was small and decorated in modest tones of blue and grey, but it looked out over the sea. Vaulted out over the edge of the inlet, it was a bubble of glass, almost nothing but window, an unbroken panorama of pool and cliff and ocean as far as the eye could see. The bed was in the corner, nestled against the core of the building. Pushed up to the glass, a desk with paper, pens, pencils.
,” Clint wound up triumphantly, slapping Steve on the back. “Face it, buddy. We almost died following you.”
"Gin and tonic, please," said Pepper, disappearing into the closet to pop an empty suitcase up on the shelf.
“Glad you asked, Peter,” said Scott, “And it depends on what type of ceiling you’re talking about. Most drop ceilings, there’s only a few inches between the tiles and the bottom of the next floor, and that space is filled with bundles of wires and routers and ductwork, etc. But in one-story commercial buildings like department stores, those ceilings can be as far as six feet below the actual level of the roof, which gives you plenty of room to maneuver. But then we run into the real problem common to drop ceilings, which is weigh—”
“Got it,” said Peter Parker, looking over Scott Lang’s shoulder at the map. The two promptly got in a hissing argument.
“A, shut up, B, it makes sense I know his run times, I’m on the team too, and C, I was the last person to see him at SHIELD so D, shut up again, this is just a faster way of finding him than waiting for Fury to get off his ass,” Tony said.
“So how did you stand it?” Tony asked in an undertone to Steve. “All the marching, the gung-ho, the matching uniforms. You don’t seem like the kind of guy who’s all about getting in line.”
“Short version? Failed back surgery, mounting anger issues, psyched out of the fucking park service and decided to come work with adolescents. Cause that always calms things right down.”
rry,” said Steve—purposely seesawing the word in his mouth because he wanted to see what Tony would do.
Sam shrugged. “I guess I figured you’d get the whole, he’ll-punch-you-in-the-face subtext, from that story I just told you. No?”
“That it is, so I should make sure you leave with a good understanding of the Spanish Inquisition and why it sucked,” said the teacher, and Barton endured a halfhearted shower of groans before genially flipping off the class. The teacher, back turned, didn’t react—but as the class settled with an air of comfortable resignation into the day’s reading, Steve noticed the portrait glass covering a photo of Headmaster Fury on the wall above the chalkboard. For a moment he thought he caught his teacher’s bright blue gaze, looking quietly amused, in the reflection of the entire class, and thought he might really be going to like History—then the door slammed open, aqua pebble-glass shattering across the floor, as a boy and a security guard tumbled into the classroom, locked in a violent embrace. The security guard had a fistful of the boy’s messy black hair, and as they fell to the floor, he yanked it backwards—Steve caught a glimpse of corded neck muscles and bared white teeth, and then his History teacher was
“I wish I’d brought my plasma cutter,” Tony said fifteen minutes later, as the group huddled around a locked door in the administrative office. Scott Lang, ear pressed to the lock assembly, was gently jiggling two long metal shims in the lock. “Are you sure you can’t just jolt it open?”
“There are massage settings on the jets,” Hope said, her voice wobbling slightly from the pummeling impact of said jets.
“All right, spread out,” said Tony, dropping his sunglasses on the table just inside the door of the mansion. “There’s twenty-five bedrooms in this place and nobody’s looking, throw your shit wherever you want. Friday is on a strictly don’t ask, don’t tell policy, so…” he caught Aunt May’s climbing eyebrows, “…try not to do anything catastrophically, you know, seventeen? Other than that, mi casa is su casa, talk to Friday for anything you need, kitchen’s right through there and I’ll see you all in the pool.” His guests filtered out to the wings of the mansion, which spread like a manta ray in a graceful curve along the entire rocky length of a small inlet, a cluster of jewel-like infinity pools and soaking tubs nestled between its arms.
“My cousin says he did once,” said Lang, “But he’s in jail right now, so I don’t know how good it works.”
“Have some hope, Banner, haven’t you ever done anything really awesome and gotten away with it?” Tony said.
this guy?”s and “Are you SURE he’s never played before?”s, as Tony looked uncharacteristically bashful. But then word got out, and suddenly there were girls at the games. Like,
“Oh, I got it, I just don’t care. See, I invented this taser,” Tony said, and Sam cut him off smoothly.
“About eleven, give or take,” said Tony. “Hard to keep track when you’re making out with a twenty-seven-year old slice of Americana.” For a moment, they grinned at each other, the fondness filling every corner of the room with sunshine.
Tony’s grin was undeniably filthy. He leaned forward and murmured into Steve’s ear, “The part where you like being
“Listen,” said Mr. Coulson. “I can’t make you feel better about what happened to your friend. But I can tell you that what you’re doing here, at SHIELD, carries weight. It means something. At the very least, you’ve kept Tony Stark from blowing up the entire east wing of the dormitories.”
“Whatever, Captain, we’ll explore that later when I’m totally not gonna call you that in bed. Meanwhile, Barton, shall I assume you need my weapons expertise? What is it this time? Knives? Throwing stars? More of those weird exploding arrowheads I made you promise never to tell me how they worked out? How
“And now Thor’s dad,” Tony continued smoothly, ignoring Scott. “What the fuck, I thought comas were some once-in-ten-thousand shit.”
Mr. Coulson’s face did a complicated and elaborate sort of wince, which, along with all the muscles in his right shoulder reflexively shifting towards Steve and then back away, told Steve that his teacher had just tried, at great personal cost, to keep from embracing him. Steve appreciated both the gesture and its restraint, but he didn’t really know what to say next, so he awkwardly waited. After a while, Mr. Coulson said, “Have you had a chance to see him?”
Sam shook his head very slowly at Tony. Across the room, Steve was shaking his head at Tony in exactly the same way, at identical speed. It was disconcerting.
“That wasn’t very nice,” said Tony, and smoothed his tongue over the spot he’d nipped. “I think I’m gonna need to discipline you for that.” He tugged one end of the rope sharply, and Steve, who hadn’t even noticed the loops being slid over his wrists, felt his arms get pinned smoothly to the bedframe. “Say you’re sorry.”
“You can’t look and pee at the same time? Aren’t you supposed to be like, excellent at staring at shit? Here, use a YooHoo bottle.”
Tony’s face broke into a wide grin. “Good.” He began undoing his jeans, a little flair in the gestures of unbuttoning and unzipping that told Steve he was perfectly aware of how good he looked doing it. Steve gulped, got busy stripping his own t-shirt off—when he emerged from the shirt, Tony’s eyes were somehow darker. “Nice night,” Steve said, lamely.
Tony chuckled, a mirthless little cackle. “I can’t believe I just figured this out. Twenty seconds, I’m slipping.
“Good. Now, why don’t you suck it a little more?” Tony canted his hips forward, an invitation, and Steve moaned as he took in more of Tony’s cock, the shaft so much thicker than his own, the head leaking precome as tangy and sharp as licking a leather saddle. It was awkward, sucking cock with his arms pinned above his head—without his hands to control the depth of the invasion, Tony’s cock routinely probed his soft palate, bumping up against the back of his throat and making Steve gag, his eyes water. After a particularly deep thrust, Tony pulled back and let Steve catch his breath, a thin dewline of spit connecting his cock to Steve’s upper lip.
“That’s about how my chemistry’s going,” said Steve. “Why don’t we call off for the night, go do something fun?”
“It is a one-man job,” said Steve. “Which is why I brought one man. Not that the backup isn’t appreciated,” he added to Tony. “I’m sure it’ll be good if we have to fight our way out.”
“OK, so this is all terrible,” said Bruce. Around him in the parking lot, seven SHIELD students sat, clutching various small injuries. Clint had what appeared to be a busted nose. Sam and Scott both had twisted ankles. Tony was clutching his eye and refusing to let Natasha, who had a flashlight, pry his eyelid open to take a look. “Who knew the forest was so full of things that are trying to kill you?”
“Who’s Rhodey,” Steve started to say, before giving up. “Nevermind. No, Stark’s tasers do not make you piss yourself. They make you pass out.”
“Oh, that’s right, I guess it wasn’t done, then, huh,” Tony said lightly, keeping his voice neutral and trying not to sound disappointed. “Well. Different time, different sets of morals.”
“See, that’s what I thought,” Tony said, quietly. “There’s a part of you that matches up to a part of me. And I’m pretty sure you’ve never actually explored that part. Am I right?”
Tony crossed the floor in two swift steps and hit Barnes—hard—in the face, following him to the floor and snatching up a handful of shirt to yank him around for another hit.
When they finally found the nurse’s office, Barton was already there, sitting on an examination table, swinging his legs and looking like he didn’t have a care in the world. Except for the two wads of bloody cotton stuffed up his nose. “Hey, guys.”
“I don’t have a girlfriend,” Clint responded rotely, turning the knuckles over in his palm. “But you’re right, these are perfect for Tasha. How much do I owe you?”
what you think?” Steve sounded amused. “Tony, what exactly do you think is new under the sun? Men being with other men isn’t an invention, like your phone or the Interweb.”
Tony’s gaze dropped briefly to Steve’s lips, then back again. “Y’know, inventing stuff, being a genius, taking care of my family’s philanthropic responsibilities, kiiiinda being a playboy—”
“Hey, someone else can be good at that,” said Tony. “I’ll settle for being good at Ultimate Frisbee—”
“Mister Stark,” interrupted Headmaster Fury, looking about as aggravated as Fury ever got, “I don’t care if Cadet Rogers has gone to the
“Close, two-thirty,” said Scott Lang, checking his wristwatch, which lit up red and blue around the rim, emitting an R2-D2 whistle.
Steve shrugged. “Back in my day, a man felt that strongly about someone else, you were bound to be able to tell.”
“You have any idea how bad I wanted you, from the first minute you walked into the room?” Tony breathed into Steve’s mouth, then pulled away and yanked Steve’s t-shirt over his head.
Sam looked sideways at him. “We ain’t got that problem. The crazy shooty thing, that’s y’all’s bag. Your world is crazy.”
"I noticed it, I wondered where that hair had gone, I love all my hair," Tony retorted, getting up and pouring himself a drink. "I'm having a drink. Want one?"
Two hours later, with three of the group helplessly entangled in a thick morass of greenbrier, Clint spoke again: “I want it on record that I hated this fucking forest the first time.”
“You know. When the gloss would wear off, and I was just a kid from Brooklyn again. You’re starting to see it. Who I really am. How much of it is just…” Steve gestured, vaguely, at the world out there. “… just me, flying by the seat of my pants.”
“Am I a bad listener?” Steve asked, out loud, in art period. Bruce Banner looked up from his linoleum stamp project. looking first at Natasha (who was tuning everyone out), Thor (flirting with a tiny sophomore), and Clint (looking just as confused as Bruce).
“Eh, I’ll take a handjob behind the air compressors,” said the mechanic. When Tony’s eyes widened, he burst out with a high cackle. “Just kidding, I kid, I kid! It’ll be ten bucks.”
“You’re gonna be on this road for about ten more miles,” announced Scott Lang, who was reading the map with the help of a Jurassic Park-branded miner’s flashlight shaped like a velociraptor’s head. Every time he turned on the light, a tinny recording of a reptilian screech played from the speakers mounted over his ears.
“You heard me, come with us. You’re Rogers’s friend. I mean, I’m his fuck but you’re his friend, he’ll listen to you, plus, seeing a friendly in the van might mean he won’t rabbit the second he sees us.”
“Yeah well,” said Tony, tapping on the window behind Happy’s head, “Principle isn’t gonna get us a departure slot, let’s board before they decide to put my plane behind Donald Trump’s.”
What Tony did was straddle Steve’s chest, pressing him into the mattress. “No you’re not,” he said, conversationally, feeding the finished ends of the ropes into the ends of their knots and snugging Steve’s wrists more firmly against the slats. “But that’s okay. You’re all tense, you haven’t been properly fucked in ages, no wonder you’ve been acting like a total bitch.”
“Relax,” said Clint. “Let me handle this.” As Scott slowed gingerly to a halt in the gravel parking lot of the tiny gas station, Barton hopped out and approached the tiny store. The windows were coated with a reflective, smoky tint, but they could just make him out inside, talking to the cashier and pointing at the van outside.
“So I hear Banner had a case of the Mondays in History today,” Tony said casually, as Steve tried to focus on
“Sure, sure, mijo,” Sitwell said absently from the archaeological dig he was making of Bruce’s arm. “Don’t fall on any brass knucks on your way back to class, alright?”
,” seconded Thor, and that’s when they heard the unmistakeable sound of a very large panel of glass somewhere in the building shattering, followed by a faint alarm. Tony, about to surmount the top of the fire escape, sagged slightly.
Tony’s eyes darkened. “You really shouldn’t have said that.” Then he grabbed Steve by the hips, sat up, and with one swift motion flipped Steve over and pressed him into the mattress. His hands came up to grip Steve’s, fitting them to the supports of the bunk bed as his lips brushed Steve’s ear. “Hold on tight.” The cool air of the room rushed in to chill Steve’s back as Tony hopped off the bed to root around in a drawer—Steve heard an unfurling strip of condoms, then the noisy crack of the lube bottle’s cap. Tony came back into the bed, and the warmth of his body as he leaned back over Steve, working him open with two fingers and a thumb, was like a benediction. “Now, I wanna see you hanging on tight there. Don’t let me see you let go of those slats.”
“Uhhh, Steve, I don’t think that’s gonna be necessary,” Bruce said, lifting a folder high. “I found him.”
“Yeah, of course. We, uh. We figured you might already be in there and having some trouble getting out. You know. Military schools being what they are.”
“It… does look a little like a hickey,” Bruce admitted from his desk one aisle over. Several months removed from his last incident with Ross the security guard, Banner seemed to letting his guard down, unclenching his body language by degrees. It helped that Natasha was starting to speak in English, and Bruce was the only one she seemed to think worth speaking to. Steve’d expected jealousy from Clint, but the hyperactive archer had taken the development in stride, and was even now braiding Natasha’s hair into a long russet fishtail while keeping up an uninterrupted volley of conversation with Bruce.
and then Tony turned around and those dark liquid eyes nearly swallowed Steve whole. “So I’ve been thinking,” Tony said, jogging backwards, “Everyone always tries to sneak out and go skinny dipping in the swimming pool, right?”
"You're growing up," Pepper said, reemerging from the closet and coming to take the glass from Tony's hand and to smooth his hair behind his ear. "And you like Steve. You don't want him to be just a conquest."
“No, Thor, it’s not,” said Tony, wearily massaging the bridge of his nose. “It’s a fucking balloon tire. Only meant to get us to somewhere we can get the real one fixed. Means we have to go to a tire place. Or a mechanics. Does anyone know where there’s a mechanic in…” he squinted at the green exit sign at the crest of the hill. “… Bucksnort, Pennsylvania?”
Steve looked down at his pie, working to get his face under control. After a few minutes, Carol reached across the table and covered his hand with hers. He didn’t stop her.
Maria’s eyes flickered up and down him for a second—which, from Hill, felt like being run through a metal detector.  “Alright,” she said. “Check in at the infirmary, let them know I sent you. Get that injury iced and don’t let it happen again.”
“Just, tell me it’s going to work out all right, all right?” Tony said, pinching the bridge of his nose.
“Yeah, you’re lucky you didn’t drown,” said Bruce. “We were all the way back to the van before we realized you weren’t there.”
“No no no, I’m just kidding,” Tony said, clambering to his feet and grabbing his hoodie. “Yes. Fun, let’s do it.”
,” Tony said. “They have gothy kids with emotional problems, and practicioners of the fine art of Wicca, and kids who have dedicated their lives to walking around in—what’s that really weird anime getup where they dress half like porno schoolgirls but there’s also gloves and really tall hats?”
“I work with children,” Tony muttered, but followed the group to Clint’s bramble. “Why are we eating food we found on the ground?”
“I was in one once, too,” said Mr. Coulson. “Medically induced. It wasn’t pleasant. I dreamed a lot while I was in it, but afterwards, I had flashbacks.”
“Yeah, well, Stark’s a convincing guy,” said Barton, gathering his silverware. “Lead the way, Tony.”
“How does someone so big just disappear?” complained Scott Lang, inspecting the tree branches above himself with his iPhone’s light.
Tony took the pelting with good grace. “So, one of you’s driving?” he said after the shower of trash died down.
Steve caught the thing and flipped it over a couple of times. It looked like a steroidal D battery—one end sawn open and covered with a cap of tinfoil and laced copper wire. “It looks different than the one I saw the other day.”
“Yeah, Tony? What kind of guy do I seem like?” said Steve, and just as Tony was about to open his mouth to say—well, he didn’t know what he was going to say—a sharp crunching sound came from the lock Lang was working on. The door swung open.
“Well, lookit that,” said Clint conversationally, picking the remains of a half-chewed inchworm grub out of the mashed berry sprayed over his shirt. “You got the prize.”
They ended up eating pie in a booth together, which was a little uncomfortably date-like for Steve. However, since Carol was picking up the check, he didn’t feel he was in much of a position to protest.
“Yeah,” said Steve. “Not really on that track any more, though.” He switched off the light in the framing room. “Let’s go.”
“What’re we looking for, I don’t see anything,” said Tony. Then he saw the garbage truck backing up to a side loading dock. “Oh no. No no no no no. Tell me this plan of yours doesn’t involve hiding in garbage cans, I have already been through a
Siri’s voice made everyone jump. “Zemo, Delaware, is two hours away by fastest route.” Tony was holding his phone up in one hand, van keys in the other. “We ready to go?”
“That’s right, he did,” said Tony. “And that makes all of us accomplices so, chop chop, everyone in the crime van.”
At Teterboro, there was a minor panic when Stephen Strange miscalculated his approach trajectory and materialized
Barton, his face impassive but dripping with sweat, did not respond, instead pushing harder on the stuck iron.
“Come here, let me get a look at that scrape under the lamp,” said the nurse, dragging Bruce over to his desk and manhandling him into a chair. “Ooh, that’s nasty. We’re gonna have to get that stuff out with tweezers. It’s probably going to take a while, you should get back to class,” he called over his shoulder to Steve, who was feeling particularly useless in the doorway.
Steve laughs quietly, and pulls Tony in for a soft kiss. “yeah. Something else is right.” His voice sounds sad, and that’s not what he wanted, not by a long shot. This was supposed to be easy. A fun night out (or rather, in, ) with a gorgeous guy, that Steve picked up at a club. So why does it hurt so much? Steve feels bad, but he’s pretty sure that he sees his pain mirrored in Tony’s face too, so maybe… maybe he’s not the only one who’s suffering. He takes a deep breath, and offers his heart up for sacrifice. “Stay. Have breakfast with me.” He waits with bated breath, searching Tonys eyes for any sign of an answer. After a few seconds, he has to bite his tongue to keep from adding a pathetic ‘please’
The first few drips aren’t so bad, but it gets steadily worse, to the point that he needs to find something to staunch it with, or risk staining his clothes, and making himself look like a crime scene. It’s such a minor reach, just over the sink are the paper towels he needs, it isn’t any more than he reaches for every day. But it hurts. It hurts, in his lower stomach, right at the ages old surgery scar. It hurts, not like standard, run of the mill, ‘all of my muscles are readjusting’ pain, it hurts like he’s being ripped apart.
too excited about Christmas. The tower is decked top to bottom in lights, tinsel, garland and popcorn strings. Steve keeps wondering when the festivity is going to stop, but it never does, and for some reason, he kind of loves that. He’d never been too huge on Christmas himself, he and his ma were usually too flat broke to really do anything, and Bucky’s family was Jewish Rroma, so they did Chanukkiah instead. He’d been fully expecting to ignore the holiday in its entirety, but Tony clearly wouldn’t stand for that.
like! It’s a panic attack, c’mon, you know he gets them!” Tony whines softly, trying to curl further in on himself, and Steve wants to die, for causing him more pain. He needs to keep his voice low, damnit, or Tony’s going to think he’s in danger.
“You would’ve, too. And maybe… maybe you’ll get your chance, again.” he shrugs slightly, the movement rocking Tony gently. He tries not to imagine himself as the alpha that gives Tony the chance again, and fails miserably. He sighs softly, and wraps his arms around Tony, holding him close, careful to keep his grip loose enough that Tony could break out of it, if he wanted to. After a few moments, Steve leans down gently, to press a soft kiss to the corner of Tony’s temple, where a headache tends to settle in the early stages of heat, before his instincts take over enough, to make pain an afterthought. “You should be resting while you can.” He mutters softly, already half convinced that Tony won’t take the advice. He never did.
He shouldn’t answer it. He really shouldn’t answer it. If he answers it, weeks (/months/) of progress are down the drain. All for naught.
There's a small, bitter part of him that fears Steve's words aren't true. Tony knows how much family means to Steve, and how much he'd wanted to be a father before everything with the Accords had gone down. He remembers wanting it for himself, too, which is possibly the weirdest feeling he can remember. Him. Wanting to be a dad.
The well meaning nurse, a beta, if his nose is right, looks at him, confused. “Mister Stark they… didn’t they tell you?” he has no earthly idea what she’s talking about, but he’s heard enough bad news in his life, to know that those words don’t bode any sort of well. He’s just teetering on the edge of sobbing, when a familiar voice drifts over to him from behind.
“I um. I love you too.” He reaches out with a heavily bandaged left arm, and allows his hand to trail down the gentle sweeping curve of Steve’s cheek. They sit like that, just… sit, for a long time. enjoying each other’s presence, and soaking a world that finally seems like a much brighter place.
something must show across his face, though, because, Tony sets his burger down, shifts closer, and lays his hand on the back of Clints arm, like he’s a frightened deer that might bolt. (which… maybe wasn’t so far off from the truth.)
“I love you.” There’s a beat of silence between them, and Steve feels a blush start to creep up his neck and cheeks. “I’m in love with you, Tony. have been for a while and… I get if you don’t feel the same bu—” Tony has to lean so far out of the wheelchair to reach Steve, that he nearly falls over. The angle is off, and neither of them have shaved in days, so their stubble is scraping together something awful, but it’s somehow the single most perfect kiss that either of them have ever had. Steve pulls away, dazed, and Tony smiles gently, a soft and timid thing that’s far too embarrassed to be anything but genuine.
good look on him. His face is lax and open and his entire body goes soft. If the feeling of being inside him wasn't enough to push Steve over the edge, looking at him like that would be. Steve stills and his hips stutter in their movement for a moment, while his right hand comes up to cup against Tony's face. his thumb strokes over the high, sculpted cheekbone there, twice, while he stares deeply into animated brown eyes. The moment is overly tender, and Steve knows, as it happens that he's gotten in way too fucking deep, for a one-night stand, but he can't write bring himself to pull away.
Steve wants to argue, wants to spend the entirety of the night up just starting at Tony, taking comfort in this thing they have, asking him stupid questions and learning everything about him, but he yawns Midway through the first word and yeah, maybe they could use some sleep. He cups Tony's face softly and kisses the breath out of him, before smiling dopily and snuggling into the pillow. “G’night baby.” He says softly. He's asleep before he hears the reply. **
It’s easy enough to break out the top of the elevator, to get into the shaft proper, and jump for the steel supports on the far side. From there, it’s just a mater of jumping from support, to support, avoiding the columns on the sides, that contain the main electrical components. If he wasn’t running for his life, it would be almost amusing, that the power being cut is more helpful to him, than it is prohibitive
He's not expecting to see another person, not after this long alone, but sure enough there is. A pleasant enough looking woman, in a suit. She’s standing at parade rest, outside of a room, with the door closed, and the lights dark. Tony pauses in his egress, half afraid she’ll see him, and half hoping she will. She turns, eventually, and gives Tony a perfunctory nod. Now that her body’s angled more, he can see that she’s not in just any suit, but army dress. It’s odd enough, she can’t be more than thirty, but the uniform is one of the older styles, nothing before Vietnam, certainly. He doesn’t exactly tell his body to do it, but he nods anyway, even in the absence of his own permission. A lifetime of bowing and scraping in Howard’s wake, perhaps.
Steve whines and when he pulls back tears sparkle in his bright blue eyes. “I will. I'll stop seeing him if it hurts you Bucky. I’m the one that didn’t do wat I was supposed to.” There's a few moments where it's quiet, like he's considering. “It was just supposed to be sex. I swear to God Bucky. But he's smart Bucky, God he's so smart. And the sex…” he shakes his head and drops his forehead to Bucky's shoulder. “We fucked four times last night, Bucky, I thought he was gonna kill me. He's such a minx. You'd love him I swear.”
With a half-hearted sigh, Tony nods his agreement. “Yes, Bucky, he’s very beautiful,” he says, and he tries to keep any signs of being angry out of his tone. He’s not angry at Bucky, doesn’t think he could bring himself to be angry at someone who’s so clearly going through a hard emotional time, but he’s definitely angry at himself for not stopping Bucky from leaving earlier. Tony climbs out of the bed, points at where he was just lying next to Steve. “You, take your shoes and your jacket off and get in. I’m gonna go grab a glass of water for when you wake up, okay?” He doesn’t wait for a response, brushing past Bucky to get to the kitchen and figure out where the hell Steve keeps the glasses. Under different circumstances, he’s sure that he’d be self-conscious about walking around in his boxers in front of his boyfriend’s—is that what Steve is now?—husband, but he sincerely doubts Bucky will remember half of this in the morning, so he’s not too worried about it.
Steve smirks softly, and bites his lower lip, to avoid blushing, though with his fair fucking skin, he probably is anyway.
what happened. But his overactive brain, that for some reason won’t leave well enough alone, has him hung up. He doesn’t even realize he’s crying, until Rhodey is in front of him, kneeling, and pulling him into a hug.
Silence falls over the room, and Ed shakes his head slightly. “because, I need to make sure that Tony’s ok. Its… pertinent.” Steve’s not sure he likes the way that sounds, not by a long shot, but now isn’t exactly the time to question it.
He can feel a blush rising to his cheeks before he's even got the words out of his mouth, but it only worsens when he manages to do so.
Ed’s up just as fast, standing in Steve’s space, and pushing back against him just as hard, even for his significant height difference. “Because I can’t lose you again!”
He can’t help but to be sad that William’s gone, even as he got to watch the soldier have his own happy ending. He wonders, briefly, if that’s what it would look like if he goes. If he crosses the barrier, decides to stop hanging around here, and go to the ‘great beyond’ in whatever form it takes, will he have someone beautiful to take him there? Who would it be? Who would even love him enough to care where he went?
He ends up deleting the last few words, because of course he's not alright. How the hell could he be?
Tony grins, tries to ignore the butterflies in his stomach in favour of paying attention to what's happening to Clint and Jessica because there are a lot of large men with guns guarding the warehouse and, while given orders to be as peaceful and discreet as possible, Wanda has a certain way with missions like these..
He scales down the building in record time, dropping a full fourteen floors, before he’s comfortable forcing the door open, and looking for the nearest window to smash. He’s still afraid of heights, and looking down at the ground definitely makes his head spin, but he has to do this. He doesn’t have a choice.
By November, Steve and Tony are good friends. Steve is pretty much the only bodyguard left on day shift, aside from his Tuesday off, and even then, he stops by to visit either Tony, or the kids more often than not. When the invitation for Thanksgiving comes, Steve isn’t exactly surprised, but he’s beyond flattered, and squarely into a ‘touched’ territory. Everything goes wonderfully, except the turkey catches fire, which for half of a second is terrifying, but Harley is fast with the extinguisher, and Peter finds a nice Spanish Bodega that’s open through the holiday, which means that they’re able to get pre-sliced turkey, that’s a lot less clean up anyway.
“Better than Less than Zero.” He offers noncommittally, and for one bright, shining second Tony’s so confused that all he can do is blink at Steve for far longer than he probably should, mouth slightly open like he plans on catching a fly. The first words that come to Tony are—as is so usually the case with him—not exactly sensical to the situation at hand.
Clint shuffles into the kitchen, flips the coffee pot on, and jumps up onto the counter, dragging the med minder over, and disinterestedly staring it down. He remembers, after a second or two of Lucky nosing at his hand with intent, that he actually has to turn the alarm off, or the poor thing is just going to follow him all day, confusion, and disappointment in his eye, while he waits for his dumpster fire of a human to remember that ‘this sound means treats’. Clint smirks softly, and reaches across the island, grabbing a bacon treat out of the tin there. “Thanks, Luck.” he murmurs, tossing the treat into the living room, smiling softly as a whirlwind of blond and eager chases after it.
Steve’s action, the friction against his cock, is enough to pull a moan out of Tony from where it had been resting comfortably behind his ribs. He’s vaguely aware that he’s already being louder than he’d usually be, but it’s a little difficult to hold back when someone who looks like Steve does knows what to do with his mouth – most guys Tony’s met are far more interested in just fucking him, and Tony’s not complaining about that, but it’s still nice to have a change of pace. He resists the urge to push up against Steve, as maddening as it is. When he speaks, it comes out breathless, like someone’s stolen the air from his lungs. He supposes that Steve has, in a way. “Want you—Want you inside me.”
He didn’t really have nice things to say about Red Star, on a good day, and on the days that the other gang ends up making him do more work? Yeah, fuck them. He’s halfway through chasing a lead that might get him a little closer to Rogers, the squirrely little shit, when his phone rings from his pocket.
It’s all he can think to say, for a long time. Tony was pregnant. He doesn’t have to think too hard, to remember back to the last heat they shared. Before everything went to shit. When they were happy, when they actually looked toward the future with hope rather than trepidation. He closes his eyes, and lets out a deep breath. The fact that Tony’s here, in Italy, for at least a week, if he plans to stay through his heat means that… the prognosis isn’t good. Steve clears his throat, and he’s damn proud of himself, for his voice not cracking with the sob that he’s trying to hold back.
Clint’s so taken aback, that it takes him a moment or two to regain the power of speech, and another to fully piece together what he wants to actually say. In reality, it’s only ten seconds wait or so, but he can see Tony, watches how he carefully notes the pause. “Dunno. Not much really.” he shrugs. “He’s the Red Star enforcer. Married to Rogers.” he pauses and hums softly, in consideration. “When he isn’t busting heads, and kneecaps, his main thing is gun running. But he’s been known to cook books for their operation, too. Kind of a jack of all trades. Everyone thought for a minute there, that they were trying to get into human trafficking, because of where Barnes was going, what he was doing, but before you know it, a handful of pimps are gone, mysteriously, and something like a hundred kidnapped kids are being marched back to their parents, why are you ask--” he cuts himself off, and his eyes narrow, as he calculates the look on Tony’s face.
, to refer to Tony that way, but he’s a little more than heartbroken that he’s staring at the Hunt, in his own fucking territory. In the
“yeah, until the world takes it from them.” It’s meant to be a joke, a one-off one liner, something dropped for laughs and not to be taken seriously, but the soldier looks at him with a deep scrutiny. He looks like he might have something sharp to say, but in the end, he just smiles, and winks.
Steve smiles gently, and nods, pulling Tony in for another deep and searching kiss, before moving to get up. Tony already looks ready to drift off, and Steve isn't fond of the idea of bothering him. He pads quietly over to the dresser, and rifles for a few minutes until he comes up with a pair of pajama pants. He shimmies into them easily, and goes to the bedside table again, to pull out a pair of thick framed glasses. They're kind of nerdy, and hey, wearing them makes him feel like less of a mobster, so he doesn't question it much. He goes to grab the herb grinder that's sitting in the drawer, but pauses, shooting a glance over to Tony.
"No, you didn't," he says, forcing himself to look at Steve. "I went to every doctor and every expert I could find asking for an opinion on it, Steve, because I was so fucking convinced that the pup would've survived if I hadn't followed you to Siberia, but that -- that's not what caused it." He takes a breath, drops his gaze down to their hands. "It's a genetic thing. I didn't know it, but Howard and mom apparently had trouble conceiving because mom kept miscarrying. The doctors don't think it's a hostile uterus, so much as something more like a uterus that isn't the, uh, normal shape, I guess. I didn't even start to miscarry until I was already recovering from Siberia. So, no, Steve, you didn't cause it."
“Merry Christmas, Tony.” Tony smiles, and presses another gentle kiss to Steve’s mouth, off center, toward the corner.
It takes him a lot longer than he would like, to find a lighter in this not lived in wreck of a half-home, but he does, eventually and he plops down on the couch with a tablet and a beer, to go over the product reports that Sam had sent him. It's relatively mindless work, and by the time he's made sense of the mess that Sam's made, two hours have passed, and he's well and truly stoned.
Tony,is a little shit. Bucky's decided. He keeps telling him what to do in his own house. Steve's… own... house. Whatever! It's irritating. He sits down on the edge of the bed and unlaces his shoes before kicking them off. This bed is so so soft… He closes his eyes, just for a minute, just for a second or two. He's gonna give Tony a piece of his mind when he gets back in here, he's going to say everything he's been holding back for the last three weeks. But for now, a nap… He dreams, briefly. Of Steve when they were younger. Of the way it felt when he looked at him /that/ way. The flutter in his chest feels almost real even now. But it never hurt like this, did it?
He sighs, and flips the phone back open, meaning to type out a final goodbye if nothing else. He's surprisingly numb, he thinks absently. Hell, maybe he knew this was coming all along.
Except… it never comes. Because it’s… not that bad. It’s sweet, and floral, and it explodes over his tastebuds, like a memory. He’s heard that scent is the strongest memory sensation, but he’s never had something that evoked such synesthesia like this, a taste, conjuring the memory of a smell. It tastes like… lavender. The way it is in the summer, thick and cloying in the air around it, the kind of smell that sticks to your skin and clothes, just by the simple act of you walking by. It tastes like the way his mas garden has always smelled, green, and lush, and overcrowded, not in the messy unkempt way, but the wild, untamable way that always made it easy to pretend that he was trapped in a jungle, or lost in undiscovered wilds, as a kid. It reminds him of his wedding day. How the soft breeze made the entire house smell like a florists haven, from the very first light, until long past the time that the sun dipped low beyond the horizon. It’s such a specific taste, and Buckys eyebrows furrow, as he tries to chase it, desperate to describe what it is, that brings call to such a strong emotional response in him. Clints voice is hoarse, when he speaks, and his gaze is zeroed in on Bucky, intent and bright, even despite the alcohol.
not expecting the shrill ring of his personal phone to go off over the sound of screams. He rolls his eyes and scoffs gently, flicking the needle he’s shoved under the guys nailbeds, because he can, and because he’s not in the best mood. “Listen to me, Gordon. You’re going to be quiet, while I answer the phone, aren’t you?” Gordon screams, and nods his head, eyes wild and desperate, like a wounded animal.
“and did mister stark come into contact with any superhumans directly? Maybe someone who can control the mind, or certain body functions?” she looks hopeful, and steve desperately wants to give her something to go on but he just… can’t. he shakes his head and looks down to Tony’s near broken form again, feeling personally responsible for this situation, no matter how wildly ridiculous the very idea was. Famike scratches something down on her paper and speaks again, seemingly ticking off a list that Steve can’t see. “ok, and any work with radioactive materials lately, any new experiments medically relevant?” Steve closes his eyes softly.
“Shit, did I…” he squints at the woman again, at the way she holds herself, the tense clench to her jaws, the way her shoulders are set just so. He’s not anywhere near to sure, but he wants to ask. He needs to know if he fucked this up. “Did I misgender you?” she blinks, unsure, and Tony knows there’s a blush rising up on his cheeks. Despite his cavalier press persona, he hates moments like this, where he says the wrong thing, at the wrong time. “I mean, are you… ah, a guy?” the person in front of him blinks again, and all of a sudden, he can see a small smile, where there wasn’t one before.
“nothin’ escapes you, does it, genius.” Tony fixes him with a glare, and he smirks in response. “Yeah. It’s a crib. And over there…” he steps to the side, and points to the other half of the room, to a rocking chair, with a six foot two super soldier, and two tiny bundles. Tony gasps, and Bucky huffs out a quiet laugh. “yeah. You know them.” Tony moves to open the door and freezes at the last second, looking back to Bucky with obvious confusion writ over his face.
“you’re beautiful.” He mutters softly, positioning himself in the upside down V of Tony’s legs, and dragging heavy hands over his shoulders, down his spine, to settle on his hips finally, holding him still. He sinks into Tony slowly, in one long thrust that seems to last the span of a lifetime. It feels… like every thing he remembered, and everything he didn’t realize he’d forgot all at once. He groans lowly, and reaches under Tony, to lay a hand over his stomach gently. His fingers find the thick keloid surgery scar, and he whines softly. “ I love you. So much.”
“Look at me, baby. Hey, Tony, Star, baby c’mon, look at me. “ Tony’s eyes flick over to him, and there’s the slightest twitch in his pupil, that means maybe he can hear. Maybe he’s present enough to hear what Steve has to tell him. “I love you. Ok? I love you. And I promise, I’m not gone, alright? I… I gotta go for now, but I’ll be back, ok? Bet your life on it.” He presses a quick kiss to Tony’s cheek, and he ignores the soft whine that the omega lets out in confusion. He wants to stay, god, he does, but he’s no use to Tony, if he’s in custody. “I love you. Both of you.”
“my universe. Didn’t think there was a Steve there too? There is. Or there… there was. There was, until I went and got myself put in a fucking coma.” A look of shock crosses Steve’s face, he knows it does, but there’s little to nothing that he can do about it, he always has had the worst tells. Ed shrugs softly. “it’s not the same. Not. Not exactly. It’s close enough though. I went into a coma, rated an eight on the Glasgow Coma Scale, which is… not ideal. They were convinced that I’d be vegetative for life. My Steve fought the doctors for as long as he could, put up every bit of fight in his body, which is uh. No inconsiderable amount. But we weren’t married, or engaged, or anything other than on-again off-again lovers, to anyone but the team. So they puled the plug.”
“No. No, you’re not.” His voice is soft, tinged with what seems like regret, or guilt, but Steve doesn’t begrudge him wanting to keep his identity a secret. God knows there are enough people out there willing and ready to hurt heroes, or the ones close to them. It’s understandable.
There’s something that’s akin to understanding washing over Rhodey’s face, and he pales, as he stares across the room at Steve. “Run. Steve, Run!” He doesn’t have to be told twice.
Steve’s eyes narrow against his will, as he quickly turns over all of his memories from the war. He’d met almost every single scientist, nurse, physicist, that had anything to do with project insight, hell, he even shook the hand of the janitor that mopped the floor that day, he’d been so damn eager not to be a tiny broken thing anymore. He couldn’t remember a single Armstrong, that had anything to do with
“You’re absolutely, fucking with me.” Clint laughs, and it’s something startled out of him, something much less guarded than he wants for it to be.
Tony doesn't have to look to know which scar he's referring to, though he doubts he can give the real story behind it without completely blowing his cover, and that's not something he wants to do, not even if Steve is earning his trust a lot faster than anyone else has. Except maybe Rhodey.
"I'm not a perfect person, there's many things I wish I didn't do. but, I continue learning- I never meant to do those things to you. And so I have to say before I go, that I just want you to know. I've found a reason for me, to change who I used to be, a reason to start over new, and the reason... is you."
“I'm… I'm sure you're gonna yell at me, Buck, just get it over with the silent broody look sets me on edge, you know it does.”
Steve not exactly sure what he's expecting Tony to say, but… it isn't that. That's… kind of the best news he's heard all day. He's been holding himself back, afraid of hurting the lithe brunette, but hearing that he
“Natasha, where the hell is my husband?” Bucky asks the tender, who’s cleaning up the bar after last nights shift. She smirks, in that sardonic way of hers and shrugs.
isn’t cooperating, so he has no choice but to lay there and just… wait. Which he’s never been particularly good at. Steve triggers the safety that autoreleases the suit, and that’s when Tony knows it’s… not good. If whatever is going on is serious enough to take him out of the suit, it has to be bad news. Sure enough, like the mere thought is enough to act as harbinger, somewhere over his right shoulder, he hears an emergency medical technician say something about a hospital. Falling really fucking sucks.
Steve feels immense guilt for the crises that Rhodey’s going through right now, because if they’d just told him in the first place… no. no, that can’t be how he thinks, because that was a decision they made together, over several long conversations, throughout the entire pregnancy.
Tony sighs, in that dramatic way that only he can, and he’s instantly complaining, before Clint’s two scant syllables have died in his throat. “Why is it impossible to find good, sane, safe, no strings attached dick, these days?”
There’s a chime, a deep, resonant thing from the grandfather clock that inhabits the office on the other side of the book shelf, and Steve smiles, happy to see time passing, for the first time, in a long time.
Tony’s vision lights up for a second, and he knows that he makes a noise closer to a yell than a moan. Feels it work its way out of his throat, more than he actually hears himself. He wasn’t exactly expecting that. Probably should have been, given that it’s kind of the goal, but Steve’s managing to maintain control of himself, seems to be keeping the majority of his movements slow, just on the wrong side of torturously so. To be caught off-guard with a quick movement like that…it’s something. He whines when the feeling starts to ebb, pushes himself down against Steve’s fingers so that they can hurry along and he can get Steve inside of him. Patience was never really one of the virtues he possessed, but he can see Steve’s cock through his boxers and nobody could really blame him for being a little antsy in this situation.
Steve rolls his eyes and licks Bucky's cheek, because that's what they do when things get overly emotional, and it's not a life or death matter, or some huge thing that needs discussing. They push things back to normality with something bizarre.
“sorry. It was so… vivid.” He shakes his head, and whines when the motion causes him to feel dizzy. “fuck… sorry.” He closes his eyes for a few more moments, waiting for the world to stop spinning so damned much. Eventually, he fells more secure in his orientation, and he rolls over, wrapping an arm around Tony, and pulling him closer. “don’t usually do that.” He sighs softly, and rolls his shoulder just slightly, not surprised when the muscle tightens, resisting the motion. “guess ‘m far enough gone that my instincts are fucking with me. Do uh… you want me to go to another room?”
Tony lets his legs fall down from around Steve's waist, back down onto the bed so that he's supporting himself more than Steve is supporting him. Steve's asking him something and it's... Entirely too soon to even attempt talking. He focuses on his breathing for a few moments -- even without the reactor, even with all the exercises his doctors have given him, his lungs still aren't as good as they were before Afghanistan. When he thinks he has enough of a hold on himself to form something of a coherent sentence, he reaches up to wrap his arms around Steve, bring him back, closer, because he pulled back and Tony doesn't like it. "Fantastic," he murmurs, blinking his eyes open slowly. "'m fantastic. I love you."
“Son of a bitch, Tony, tell me that you didn’t fuck James godamned Barnes.” it wouldn’t be entirely out of the realm of the possible, even if Tony technically knew better. The guy had gone into Red Star territory last night, and he hadn’t been exactly sober, when Clint had seen him, though he’d clearly been straight enough to lose Clint in the crowd. Which is… not insignificant. Clint’s a damn good tail.
He’s shocked, for the second time today, when he’s told that Tony’s injuries are beyond the scope of what S.H.I.E.L.D can handle. They’re trained to deal with burns and bumps, contusions, and the odd intergalactic chemical burn, but whatever’s affecting Tony… they can’t touch. That means air transfer to a private hospital. Somewhere, a S.H.I.E.L.D lackey tells the team— who have managed to amble over, with the rest of their mission complete— where there are some of the best doctors in the state. Steve isn’t sure why, but that doesn’t exactly make him feel better.
Steve whines softly, because Tony is absolutely right. There's not a damn thing they can do now, aside from wish that things had gone differently. Everything had gone down so quickly, in the blink of an eye damn near, and now they're just left in the wake of the destruction.  He sighs, and runs a hand through his hair, trying to collect what there is is left of his thoughts. It's a losing battle, as they're left just as scattered as ever.
Steve huffs out a quiet breath, and drops his forehead to rest against Tony's. “Thank fuck” he manages quietly, before his hands trail down the brunettes body, and still at his hips, gripping tightly and holding him in place while he rolls his hips forward slowly at first, then with building speed. It's good it's so good, Tony's all tight wet heat, even with the damping effect of the condom, and Steve can't help but to moan quietly into the airspace they share. Tony's eyes are open, which, for some reason, is surprising to Steve. He can't bring himself to question it too much though, because they're beautiful, they're alive, almost, with a sparkle that's truly enchanting. Steve almost rolls his eyes at himself, because it figures he'd get all poetic during a one-night stand.
“If I tell you it’s a British liqueur, is that more or less hipster?” he asks, a hint of amusement to the lilt of his voice. Bucky’s disappointment, somehow, gets more palpable.
Steve smirks fondly and presses a gentle kiss to the back of Tony's neck, before he pulls away and heads into the kitchen. “missed you too, babe.” he says quietly, and there's so much truth to it, it barely scratches the surface. He needs to tell Tony how poorly he's handled their time apart, needs to tell him about substances he's abused, and more importantly the string of recent conquests, because if their first night together taught him anything its that being upfront is a must, but he can't quite bring himself to ruin the time that they have, so he doesn't. Not yet. Instead, he rummaged through the cabinets until he finds the coffee he keeps here, and sets about to making a pot. He's getting ready to steel himself for a bad conversion when Bucky comes into the room, through the rarely used maintenance stairs. Steve raises an eyebrow, genuinely confused. “what are you doing here, Buck?”
Okay. That… that gets a growl, and Steve isn’t exactly sorry about it. He’s openly being threatened. Or at least… he hopes it’s a threat. They’re so close to the finish line, they’ve made it through seven months of morning sickness, and cravings, and two pregnancy heats. They’ve come so far, for it to crumble down now of all times. He opens his mouth to ask if the treat is legit, but FRIDAY chimes pleasantly, around them.
on him. “’ony?” Steve tries, cookie still hanging out of his mouth. Something flashes across the engineer’s face, and he’s taking a step back, out of Steve’s space. Steve, of course, panics. “Uh, Tony, I-I don’t… I didn’t—”
“Yeah. listen, drinks on the house, but finish that, and get the fuck outta my bar.” he says, lowly, keeping his voice even. It’s a decent enough threat. It’s vague enough to be threatening, but not to prove threat, and its steady enough that it leaves no room for brokerage. It’s a job well done. So, of course, he has to fuck that up, by opening his fat mouth, lip curled in disdain. “What the fuck is that, anyway. Is that… gin and grenadine? What kind of delinquent are you?”
Clint rolls his eyes so hard, that the action causes him physical pain. “God damnit, Tony..” he mutters to himself. They’ve been into it over the ringtones that Tony decides to bestow upon him, a thousand times,if they’ve been into it once, but any time he complains, Tony just finds something worse to change it to, so Clint tries to just… let it burn itself out. Even if this particular choice, which he’s had for three days and counting, brings a strange rush of heat to his face.
