“Yeah?”
“But I’m alive, aren’t I?” the honey eyes of Edward looked away to a point on the wall, his face inexpressive.
When Tony took the infinity Gauntlet Steve instantly knew that that was it, they have won, but what they didn’t know, any of them, was that the soul gem needed another sacrifice to bring back to life all the heroes that lost it while fighthing, and of course, Tony as the self sacrifing idiot that he was, accepted  without much of a think.
-What do we do?- T’challa asked.
, after all you were the one who felt his junior –but not so junior- inside”
“I am glad to see you Boss”
“Well I talked to the doctor and he told me that you will be discharged today”
“I brought your clothes” pepper put a bag on the bed.
The worst error that Honorable Rogers could have done. Tony knows it, he admits that if we talk about strikes he doesn’t have anything to say in the matter, after all he was the merchant of death, the one with more blood on his hands, the biggest weapon manufacturer, the one who created Ultron, oh, he knows it, he has more fucking strikes that any of his team…. Ex-team will ever have.
Tears were accumulating in Steve’s eyes as he knelt down and touched with his bloody fingers the place where Tony had been.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lX44CAz-JhU <------ so this is the music I was listening to when I was writing the chapter.
“Oh Tony, if you only had done a good job, I wouldn’t be here taking charge ” Edward felt a shiver run through his bones and all his body causing a little tremble in his legs that almost made him fall if it weren’t because Edward was still in the armor. He needed to return to New York before he died.
“Mister Stark”
And then, the 13th year happened, after Thanos, earth was going to face again a potential menace, Loki and Thor arrived to earth on October, Black panther, Wanda and Vision entered the room at the same time and Steve, Clint, Natasha, Bruce, Spider Man and Rhodey weren’t that far from the tower so they arrived pretty early.
And with a scream from Steve’s lips, Captain America saw the last moments of The invincible Iron man, it wasn’t painful, he had just disappeared.
A wide smile took over all his features, the shine that his eyes once had, went out and gave way to the darkness.
Edward Tried again, this time more gently, only his fingertips touching the bandage, he felt a sharp edge, he followed it feeling the form of a circle, his fingers moved to the center touching the familiar form, the arc reactor was back in his chest.
-Holy fuck-
-I just need to draw a symbol in the middle of the room, with my blood, after that I need at least five people to just put a drop of blood in the middle of the symbol-
“Fucking finally”
oh, the First Strike.
“What?”
'Cause I can feel how your flesh now
The Third Strike.
“Oh right, my bad, how you call
And I forgot the best part, you fell in love with Rogers, you two actually had sex, who would have thought that the star spangled man had it in him um?
Oh glorious third strike… his parents’ death.
Taking off his mask, Tony observed the ceiling as if it was the most interesting thing in the world.
Steve couldn’t look at Rhodey’s face, he just kept crying.
Loki looked at him with a boring face –I have informants, they told me- Clint snorted with sarcasm, the Scowl on Thor’s face deepened and was about to say something when Loki interrupted him.
Even the tone of his master was different, somehow… colder? Monotonous?
The ceiling was pure white and the odor of antiseptic was all around the room filling it up, the comforting softness underneath his back instantly told him that he wasn’t in the Siberian bunker anymore.
-why cap I thought you were more respectful- and just like that everyone froze.
“Any bad news?”
And Finally, the third Strike came.
-How do you expect us to do that?-
Pepper smiled and shook her head.
Pepper cleared her throat before speaking –What do you need?-
-Why are we here?- Clint was the first to ask. Everyone’s gaze fell on him. Almost all his hair was gray now, the humor that used to reflect on his face was gone and was replaced with tiredness.
-Well I—
Pepper sat on the mattress watching Edward intensely; he arched an eyebrow in response.
“I will leave you to change”
Third Strike
Thor got close, eyeing everyone in the room –That’s going to be me- Loki just nodded and poked Thor’s finger with the tip of his dagger, a little drop of blood came out of his finger, Loki let it fall in the middle of the symbol and this began to shine.
-I don’t think so, it was just a hypothesis after all-
-Why blood?- Steve asked while Loki made appear out of thin air a dagger, he used it to cut in the middle of his palm and knelt to draw a strange symbol.
And just with that, the victory that humanity had that day, was obscured with the death of the best man that had ever touched earth.
“Yeah whatever, tell him to hurry the fuck up”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You were in a coma, Tony. For a month. Your chest cavity was almost destroyed.  They had to operate you and to put the arc reactor back in your chest so you could live”
His honey brown eyes didn’t have bags any more, he had slept an awfully lot in the hospital after all, his hair reached down to his ears and his beard covered all his cheeks and jawline.
Edward only would have laughed his ass off while blasting Steve’s head off.
-next one-
“Oh no. sweetheart. I look like Tony stark” Edward got up a walked to the mirror. His reflection looked right back at him “But we both now that I am not you”
“I need to shave”
All the room felt in silence while Natasha and Thor were looking eye to eye, both of them with a fierce determination on their features.
So I am thinking in writing a series of one shots, I have lot of ideas about Tony and Steve and I can't just wait to write them, so I will write them here, they all are going to be kind of short stories, and If i want to continue them I am just going to continue them here with the same name as the story.
Thor looked at Loki –Lady Death- he said –She is coming here, I don’t know why, but that can’t be good-
-let’s began- Steve got up from the couch –We don’t know when are Lady Death and her Knight going to arrive right? I don’t want to commit the same mistake I did with Thanos, this time… we are going to be prepared, this time we… we are not going to lose anyone-
“I can’t stay in this boring ass room, I will go crazy”
Steve got close to Loki and this one did the same, after Steve was Natasha, after Natasha was Clint and after Clint and to the amazement of all, Bruce was the last one.
And still... Betray someone? Never. Tony knows he can be a piece of shit, a selfish man and a self-centered asshole, but when it comes to loyalty, he could never betray a friend, he have never betrayed a friend in his 40 years of living.
“The winter soldier, have you read the comics? His sidekick, the nail of his finger, the shoes of his feet, the ass in the hole…”
Tony would have liked that… a party instead of a funeral, but his dead was national news, it was televised it despite all the disagreement in the hero community.
“Tony you almost died, you came stumbling into the mansion, if it weren’t for Friday you would be death by now”  her slim hands took the calloused ones of Edward stroking them with gentleness, her expressive eyes taking every cut in Edward’s face, her lips were drawn together in a line.
The tower now was property of Pepper, the will of Tony said that everything went to pepper, Rhodes and Peter. Pepper owned Stark Industries and the buildings and houses, Rhodey owned all the intellectual property of all the projects of Tony and to Peter went all the money for his education, research and maintenance.
“Steve ? What are you doing in here ?”
He suited up before grabbing his shield and running outside. His vision was troubled, and there were black dots dancing everywhere. Where had all his strength gone ?
Oh yeah I know the feels are coming. (Winter is, too. lol.)
Steve didn't answer. He knew where this was going.
Bucky even wondered if Tony had heard the god.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
He remembered always having the news channel on on the tv of the level of the orphanage he was assigned to.  You never knew when Tony Stark would make another eccentricity.
Together, they watched the sunset for a long moment.
“Well, there are a lot of papers to fill, and an investigation to be made, you should know that this is a long procedure, you will not be able to take Bruce tonight” Steve hadn’t meant to talk to the man on such an aggressive tone, but he couldn’t control it, he had really felt defensive.
Seriously it wasn’t fair, he wanted to just do everything he wants today because it was his birthday, and okay he had done everything in order for everyone to forget it because he didn’t want people to feel forced to give him something. He knew they didn’t like him, having them giving him something with a fake smile would make him feel like he’s going to throw up.
Speaking of loved ones, Bruce entered, looking furious.
Thankfully there was ice in it. The supersoldier took it and made his way to Tony, who was eyeing him warily.
“JARVIS, what is the situation ?”
“Bucky’s fine. It’s not him I’m worried about, Clint.”
Was he asking for too much ?
She didn’t get a chance to finish her sentence, because said archer ran into them, and kept running without a word.
Steve's eyebrows shot up. Well, that was a way to pick up the phone.
“-ucking course he got sick ! Didn't anyone of you keep an eye on him ? No ?” The genius exploded. “I can't believe it ! You are his teammates ! And I understood, I got it that you didn't want him near me, I don't want to talk to him anyway, but you, you have no right to just what ? Abandon him like that ?”
'Quick. Think. You can't stay. You can't stay in the same room as Bucky. You can't.'
Hey, a quick note to ask : HEEEEY SO WHO WANTS TO KNOW IF STEVE SURVIVED ? COZ HE MIGHT BE DEAD LOL I HAVENT DECIDED YET (wrong, i did, days ago) BUT THE REST OF THE STORY AINT WRITTEN
Edward looked at him with a strange expression on his face.
-indeed I did, we need to know what is the purpose of lady dead in earth, to know that, we need beings of the underworld on our side-
Days went by, Edward make the most of his rest to recover his strength and his peace, some days he chatted with Tony, others he just waste time looking at the white wall…  and  others… the most stressful but hopeful ones where when he imagined what could have happened if only that day he just had  used all the power of his suit… one accurate but firm shot from the gauntlet to Steve’s head was all he would have required to kill him.
“Yeah, of course I could bring you your electric razor but it will be difficult for you to use it in this state. I could help you”
“FRIDAY call my stylist; tell him I need him now”
“Of course… that’s why I am here”
With a startle at the suddenly cold grave tone of Edward’s voice Pepper nodded
“Nah, it’s ok, I am not an invalid I can do it”
With his eyes still closed, he remembered the first meeting, the obvious friction and antagonism with the captain.
“Thanks pep”
Edward clicked his tongue in annoyance.
Edward laid down on the couch, running his fingers through his now much longer chocolate locks of  hair.
In that minute the door opened letting the doctor walk into the room, he was an old man almost bald with little circular lenses and a gray moustache under his nose.
“What was that about ?” Questionned Tony as Steve left the room.
“Well you see, this young man here” Pointed the billionaire who Steve still couldn’t believe was here, “Stole my wallet. And my phone. So I followed him.”
Thor walked around until he found an art shop. He went in, chose a book that read “learn to draw mythical creatures” and another that read “how to draw for beginners”. Then he took a whole pile of drawing paper and some pencils as well as an eraser.
“Oh. Thought you were older. Hold this.” His daddy extended a gloved hand that was holding a smoking test tube. Eager to help, Tony grabbed it and...
Oh ! And the Natasha thing is coming soon. Really soon. Maybe today.
“This is your second and final warning.”
Steve tried to talk, but his mouth was too dry.
“Bucky, I bought you an appartment, yeah one just for you, and you can go live there if you want, even though I'd really like you to sta- What ? No ! Fuck !”
Because Bruce had words. Clever ways of putting them together. He had the ability to hurt Steve beyond repair with one or two sentences.
---------------------------------
So Tony and Steve used to date... Bucky frowned. Steve never told him that. However it would explain the tension between the two. But did Tony know that Bucky and Steve were together ? The two supersoldier wanted to stay private about it, out of habit. Back in the 40s, their relationship had to stay a secret, it was a matter of survival.
“Just as soft as in my memories…” He sighed. He did not feel as conflicted as before. “Remember when we used to climb in that apple tree ? I was always the one who climbed the highest, somehow. Maybe because I a bit too reckless..?” He laughed. “Okay, way too reckless, and that never changed.” Steve caressed the back of his love’s hand with his thumb. “Although we did change a lot, didn’t we ? I guess some things always stay the same. You’ll always be a jerk, and I’ll always be a stupid punk.”
------------------------
“Ten thousands dollars.”
After reading this again to spot the typos, I realized this looks a little like Bucky is hitting on Tony. I decided to leave it like that coz it's really useful for the rest of the story x)
But he didn’t care at all. It was Loki’s sixth birthday in today and he would not give him another shitty drawing. He wanted to see his brother smile this time. He wanted to give him something his brother would love, and in order to do that, he needed money.
Too much references I should stop. Btw who caught the "my people skills are rusty" ref (supernatural, castiel) in the chapter were Bucky meets nat and clint ?
Tony sighed again.
“My name is Pietro, Pietro Maximoff sir.”
Only silence answered.
“Understood, J’. Now where’s Cap’ ?”  Asked Iron Man as he flew towards the giant octopus, which was currently destroying building after building.
A loving smile.
And they had left.
Natasha and Bruce would visit him from time to time, too. Natasha would read to him in russian, and Bruce usually simply said hi and checked his vitals, except for today. Today, the genius stayed for a while longer, and talked about.. Steve. Bucky missed Steve. The blond never came to visit him.
“Clint, watch your language.” Steve felt hope for a moment. Hope that maybe Natasha wasn't too mad after all, and maybe she'd defend him. “We don't want Tony to be any more upset, it's bad for his health.”
Chapter 5's title is : All the thing I want to say
“Then why do they act like they do ?”
Bruce tries to help Steve. Steve doesn't want him to. The team minus two makes cookies. A secret is more or less unintentionally revealed. An octopus attacks the city. Bucky recieves a very unexpected but missed visitor. All in all, a normal day.
Bucky sat on the roof of the Avengers Tower, watching the dawn.
-----------------------------------
‘Do not let us go near Loki, Bucky. He is dangerous.’
The AI didn't answer, but the soldier would have sworn that JARVIS was chuckling mysteriously.
He waited a few seconds for an answer than never came.
---------------------
(See the end of the chapter for
Thor laughed loudly. “Of course I know that brother ! I really wish you two could meet one day. My two little brothers” Thor seemed lost in his own dreams for a few minutes, a soft smile on his lips.
The soldier opened his eyes again. He had to fix this.
“Howard ?”
Bucky's eyes widened in surprise : he would have thought that Steve would get along well with a Stark. Tony was just as charming as his father – if not more – after all. Even Bucky could see that after spending only an hour with the new Stark.
“JARVIS told me Tony is having a panic attack. I think Bucky is having trouble telling the past from the present. We might have to call for a code Winter.”
“This okay ?” Came a slightly insecure, deep and quiet voice. Bucky ?
“What ? What mission ?”
“Right.”
It was two hours later, when Bruce had cleaned Steve, the room, and himself, that the genius allowed himself to sit in the chair next to Steve’s hospital bed. He was exhausted. They were both exhausted. And it was a miracle that no one had came in.
----------------
“I'm not afraid.”
“I don't know.” He whispered, not waiting to see the impact of his honest words as he fled from the room.
“I’m five sir.”
“Steve ?” He croaked, confused.
Natasha was crouching next to Tony and speaking to him softly. She turned to nod at him before continuing to talk to the inventor about the date, the place and the recent events, then stopping and breathing loudly while JARVIS took over to speak about SI recent activities.
This whole thing felt so forced. Steve found it unbearable. He wanted to be left alone, but also craved for someone, something, anything, to finally end his loneliness. He busied himself by reducing his pancakes into crumbs.
“Tasha ?” He asked, confused.
“Bucky is in a coma because of you.” Clint paused to let that sink in.
-------------------------
They were familiar, but they didn't feel like Tony's, which made him frown, confused.
“ JARVIS took me there when I asked where the others were. Steve told me to socialize and make friends. I was just trying to spend time with you guys.” Bucky mumbled, voice quiet. Something about Thor made him want to trust him, he felt protected and entirely accepted, which was weird since it was their first conversation.
My choice is to divide this story, this universe, in three stories. So I am gonna try to do it visually, so you don't get confused.
When I said that I love you
“Yes. Tony made it. I like this guy !”
“You already knew.” The blond realized, horrified. “You knew and you never did anything ?!” He had roared.
/Then I happened/ Replied a voice in his head... But it wasn't quite like a voice. More like an involuntary thought.
Steve woke up alone.
Sorry. Sorry Sorry Sorry. I don't know how many times I should say it for it to be enough. I don't know if I could ever say it enough. I abandonned you all... For so long. I'm so sorry.
Bucky stared at him some more and nodded slowly.
“How come you're the only who doesn't hate me, JARVIS ?”
The question startled the soldier.
It would not. The war was about to take him, to take them both.
“Steve would hate me if he knew that I am telling you this, but I don’t think you can hear me anyway.”
Then he put on his media smile and laughed.
Slowly, he got out of the bed and went to his living room, careful not to wake Bucky.
So far from seeing home
“Hi” He said, hoping he wasn't being rude. His people skills were rusty.
He then went to a clothes shop and bought three dresses, a white, a red, and a black, for Natasha. He also bought a purple sweatshirt, because he knew that was Clint’s favorite color.
The Captain sighed.
And he became aware that A : what he hoped was a bad dream was real, and B : he was completely alone once again.
-------------------------
Bruce's expression was cold, and annoyed. But there was a spark, something in the man's gaze. There, in the genius' eyes, was a hint of concern.
“I think we're going to be very good friends, Barnes.” Said Romanov happily, settling on the couch on the other side of Bucky.
Thor's smile disappeared, and he stared at Bucky in confusion, his whole body going tense and preparing to fight the Winter Soldier.
“I don't know.” Answered the spy.
He then climbed up the wall. As soon as he landed on the other side, he grabbed all his stuff and entered the orphanage by the backdoor before quickly running to his room to hide the gifts under his bed. He’d put Loki’s gifts on the boy’s bed during the night and give the rest to the others the next day.
I’m gonna make you mine…
With a fake smile, Edward saw pepper approaching the bed; her beautiful features darkened by the frown on her face, her eyebrows were knitted together in a worrisome face.
And Inside of the being that was created in Siberia Tony and Edwar Stark smiled in unison.
The symbol was opaque almost, black, the red of the blood was gone.
-Steve- Natasha knelt next to him; Steve brought his blue gaze to her, seeing tears falling down her cheeks making a clear path between the dust and blood from her fairy skin.
I apologize if there is a mistake, please let me know to fix it. I am fucking tired but I had to write the chap I was insipired!!
Is crying out for more
Inhaling long deep breaths Edward tried to calm down; his hands fisted the sheets with force, his eyes shut tightly, he tried not to think of Afghanistan, Siberia. Ultron…Howard.
He opened his eyes.
Because hate and revenge was key to the existence of Edward Stark.
Stark opened his honey brown eyes and sat up with difficulty, with a long and painful breathing Iron man stood up once again.
-T-Tony…He… I didn’t even, I didn’t told him that I-I l-love him- Natasha bit her lip, trying not to scream from frustration.
“The doctor will come in a couple of minutes, until then behave Tony”
The white pearls of his teeth stained in red were shown when his pink lips stretched in a wicked smile.
-Did it worked? - Steve asked from the other side of the couch. Loki knelt next to the burned wood inspecting it.
-We are going to have to call a fucking zombie?- Clint crossed his arms, Bruce moved uncomfortably in his seat- I am not getting it-
'Cause you can run but you can’t hide
-oh well- Bruce got up from the floor- what now?-
Tony said making Edward smirk.
Edward stopped his steps his eyes move to the ceiling.
Edward was bored all the time, the fucking room was all white: white sheets, white walls, white floor, the hospital gown he was wearing was fucking white.
“You aren’t funny”
Steve, Natasha, Bruce, Rhodey, Thor and Shuri were trying to bring together other heroes from all over the world to fight alongside.
-They are undead, we need something pretty physical to attract their attention, and that is blood-
The man took off his mask, blue eyes with dots of red geeted him, a wicked smile with pearly teeth adorned his features, his goatee was gone as well as his wrinkles, the dark circles under his eyes and the grey of his hair. With a youth that nobody knew on him when he was alive the beautiful face scanned his surroundings, long dark eyelashes carefully planted around his eyes, his profile perfect as always  exuded a kind of security and playfulness proper of a king.
“Sweetheart, we are the same person if I am psychotic then you are psychotic too besides this way is more fun”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ugh ” was the only thing he could say before he gave up trying to sit down and just lay down on the mattress waiting for someone to come and explain  why the fuck the arc reactor was back in his chest.
Enjoy! let me know if you want more thanks for the support!
The meeting took place at now Peppe’s Tower, with her being the host to all the heroes that were going to reunite. Everyone was sitting in the large couch in the middle of the room, an uncomfortable atmosphere could be felt around all the house as heroes arrived.
-Oh god- he said with grief and sorrow while touching the infinity gauntlet that just a moment ago, was in Tony’s hands. –Oh god- he repeated trembling.
he looked more alive now that he was death
-Woah- Peter looked with amazed eyes the scarlet light that surrounded the limits of every curve of the drawing.
“No, no. Do me the honor, fuck
-How did you know Lady dead is coming here?- Steve asked to cut the tension.
He closed his eyes remembering the pasts events, Steve Rogers Kissing him, Steve Rogers inside him, thrusting with all his might while Tony moaned of the pleasure, Steve Rogers and his shield piercing his skin… Then, it came.
“Tony, are you really ok?  You look… different”
“Oh yeah and as I said before if I am sick guess what mister rightness? You are fucking sick too”
Edward arched a brow and made a gesture to continue, his hands were rubbing each other in a nervous manner.
Panic shocked trough his body, the fear drowning his bones. The beep of the machine next to him began making frantic noises. However, the only sound that he could hear was his bones breaking as the shield pierced his chest.
-Very unlikely, is for that reason that we need the drop of blood of five of you, we are going to call for a being with the same beliefs or at least with a connection with some of you-
-well, we aren’t match for any being if the underworld, they have lived more, they are stronger and surely more intelligent, we need undeads on our side if we want earth to still existing –
then? Pretty friendship with a pass for a unicorn’s party, the only difference is that instead of friendship you almost got killed by no other than captain tight ass and instead of a pass for a party you got a very lovely ticket to the land of the death”
“Tony” Pepper looked at him with a murderous glare.
Edward Stark took his surrounding with cold indifferent eyes, his gaze went to the puddle of blood that his shape left when he was on the floor, Edward knew that this time there was no space for emotions, Tony was a weak emotional being, Edward was the brains and the indifference. With the betrayal of all the Avengers Tony needed someone stronger than him, someone who could support all the shit that was going to come because of the mess that they left behind.
The scan lasted only seconds, the results didn’t change, his boss was there and was the real one.
-It’s ready- Loki ignored Steve’s question and got up from the floor still with the dagger in his hands –who will be the first?-
“Ha, the understatement of the year” Edward caressed pepper’s hands with his thumb in little circles. “I am already different” Edward looked at Pepper with the same inexpressive expression upon his face “but his for the better… Everything will be better now”
Natasha pursed her lips with a scowl on her face, since Tony’s death she was becoming more expressive, Steve thought. –How do we know you are telling the truth?-
A snort left Edward’s lips; he stopped touching Pepper’s hand and instead brought it to touch his jaw and his cheeks.
“Without a beard”
“Betrayal. Loooots of betrayal, Pepper, captain ass and his Emo-BFF beat the shit out of me”
-This suddenly began to turn pretty creepy- Peter commented, Bruce just nodded with his head.
The Sokovia Accords were the second, the fucking Sokovia Accords that Rogers refused to sign, the accords that eventually leaded to the destruction of the Avengers and the destruction of their relationship, those motherfuckers.
Pity he wasn’t there when the fight occurred, oh it would have been perfect, with Barnes without his arm lying on the floor, unconscious while Edward took charge of the situation, hitting Steve until blood came out of his now broken nose, with glassy eyes and broken bones, he would have fell down to the floor, he would have crawled and begged for mercy.
The squeak of the door made him tilt his head to see better the person entering the room.
“Oh fuck yeah! When can I go? I swear if I keep seeing more white I’ll have the nurses paint my room red and gold”
He didn’t eve could entertain himself watching television,  all that was in that shitty (Non-stark) device was news about the rogue Avengers whereabouts, the civil war and fans’ cringey videos about Captain Assmerica.
It was an understanding that the funeral was all wrong, from the silence surrounding it to the opaque colors, there wasn’t even red and gold. Tony Stark was such a great and bright man that a funeral didn’t  make any sense, a party would be the most logical option.
The symbol now was brighter that any light in the house, the windows glasses and floor began to shake, an explosion sent everyone flying to the floor and the smell of burned wood began to flood the room.
A year passed by, and Steve and the original Avengers couldn’t keep it together.
-Let us be the judges of that- Wanda said touching in reassurance Vision’s arm –What is your hypothesis?-
-Tony-
That was the Stark tower after all, the first place where The Avengers become a family, the first home they had… where Tony used to live.
"The tradition!" Clint chimes in with a grin of the Cheshire Cat, dropping to the floor. He points his chin at the ceiling above Tony, who looks up instinctively and—
Very briefly Steve considers if he would be just as enthralled if not for the words that have once foretold his future, but when he thinks of the Tony he's come to know, he realises the words have only prophesied the passion that, in itself, was inevitable.
He drops the topic after that. Steve doesn't pry any further, and focuses on his sketchbook instead. He doesn't think it's just an allergy, but he doesn't have a better answer for Tony. Not yet.
"It's
Steve's eyes are immediately on him. "What is it?" he asks over the noise around them.
Were it a movie, Tony would now gasp dramatically, sit up and act like nothing's happened. Life is not a movie, but they are Avengers, and their lives are often so much more ridiculous than a screenwriter could imagine.
Steve has read the reports of the New York's battle, he's heard of Tony's unexplained resistance to Loki's magic. It still comes as a surprise when he sees it with his own eyes.
When he woke up in the new century, there were many things that he couldn't've expected: the technology, the new social norms, the
There's no other way Steve can call them, not after multiple horror-focused movie nights. Clint fusses about zombies and ghouls on the comms, and this time no one scolds him for cursing, not even Steve. Tony is remarkably quiet.
Steve grins brightly and steps towards the vendor. "We'll take this one," he points at the monster of a tree and Tony groans.
The mythology is rich in many legends, it's not an easy task to sift through them on one's own, which is why Steve decides to possibly involve one other person in his search for an answer, given that he doesn’t believe it’s all a coincidence. In the evening, he waits till Thor and himself are the only ones in the common room before he asks the question. The Tower is a home of spies, but Steve knows they trust each other enough that private conversations stay private.
"But you're the one who said we need to decorate! What are you on about?!" He looks around at the team, hoping to find voices of support, but instead he sees Nat's knowing smirk – what does she know
Tony's still tired, and he's not as vibrant as on any other day, but Steve watches him with a fond smile when he announces the facts with an almost challenging look, brave just as when he admitted to being Iron Man.
"Nothing." Tony shakes his head but explains anyway. "See that tree, the one with a bit of red tape on the branches?" As soon as Steve nods, he continues, "It looks funny."
"Are those arrows?"
When Steve follows Tony into the workshop, because the genius is not known for a reasonable approach to recuperating and Steve knows that he has to compromise, he asks JARVIS to turn on the heating. At Tony's surprised look, he shrugs. "You need to regain your strength, and it's not like I'm fond of being cold anyway." He gets a rare thankful smile in return before Tony sets to work.
If he decided to ignore Steve's request, Steve wouldn't give up on the idea; he'd bother Tony until he gave in, or he'd go on his own and Tony would be facing his disappointed frown the whole next week. This way, at least Tony gets to spend some time with Steve without needing another fabricated reason, and he's quickly running out of ideas for those.
All his best laid plans go awry when they're caught off guard by an explosion. Steve's reflexes are fast, but the wave of fire is faster, and the blast hits them both before they can react. Steve doesn't lift his shield in time, too occupied with the sight of Iron Man's raised faceplate and Tony's panicked eyes.
But that is not all he notices.
"I still could've done it." The immediate half-offended huff makes Steve chuckle and shake his head.
If that wouldn't be enough to change Steve's mind, he experiences the man's generosity when Tony invites them to live in the Tower. He sees a caring man with a workaholic streak, a hero, a genius truly ahead of his time. As he studies the man, Steve begins to notice who Tony Stark really is.
The place is brimming with people. It's loud and there are trees everywhere. It's overwhelming. It’s more bearable when Steve takes his arm and gently leads him through the crowd.
"Fire Man," says Hulk happily, with his usual simple-mindedness, and Steve feels exhausted despite not taking part in the fight himself, he can't help the desperate guffaw that comes out of his throat.
"Sure thing, Ca–"
"Of course." They reach Tony's lab, and when inside, Steve places the plaque high on one of the shelves Tony won't reach easily, and definitely not by accident. "Do you know what causes it?"
"I have ifrit's blood."
When he walks into the common room in the morning (or noon-ish, if one would want to be precise) a few days later, he stops in his tracks. Clint is hanging from the vents, head down, hanging the garland decorated with purple little–
When the shrapnel reaches Tony's heart, it's a miracle he survives at all. It takes all of Yinsen's surgical proficiency to pull Tony through, to attach the electromagnet, to connect him to the battery. It takes a medical miracle– and a lot of blood.
Steve insists they take his bike. He claims it's more inconspicuous, and Tony wouldn't object even if it wasn't, in fact, the most reasonable choice. He spends the ride with his arms around Steve's chest; there are people who'd kill for the experience.
"No. I have people for that kind of shit," Tony protests. "No, Steve. I have money, I can pay for decorators; we'll have a perfectly Christmas-y decor here in a few days' time." He notices Steve's frown and amends, "Tomorrow morning then. We can have it ready by tomorrow morning.
Loki summons the undead.
He doesn't share all the details, but the team knows him well enough to fill in the blanks. It's not entirely surprising, after all, that a risky surgery in Afghanistan lead to some complications. If you can even call it that.
It starts making sense when Loki visits Earth with his new ploy. He opens yet another portal, but this time it doesn't bring in the Chitauri, and for that, Steve is grateful, but the reprieve doesn't last long.
The team is bewildered and nosy; for once Steve isn't the only one with questions. Tony refuses to talk about it, but it's okay. Steve wanders down to Tony's workshop with a sketchbook, sits in his usual spot on the couch and doesn't ask.
Back in the Tower, Tony and Steve walk the corridors together. Tony keeps sending him confused looks, so Steve gives him an amused smile.
Steve chuckles and slides off of the couch to wrap his arms around his man of fire and death, the man who, against all odds, has so much life in himself. There, resting his chin on Tony's shoulder, he smiles.
"Yup!" Clint bends backwards to look at Tony, and it hurts to look at him so unnaturally twisted, so Tony uh-uhs and turns around. He sees Nat on a ladder by the crooked Christmas tree which still looks funny, and steps closer.
"I said it
Steve is both relieved and tense after he hears the exclamation. Tony can fight, he reminds himself, he can take care of himself. A whizz of a repulsor on the comms precedes the next comment.
The Avengers stand and watch it happen, the water soon fills the mine and returns to its original riverbed. The terrible noise quietens, and when the audio feed halts, Steve stops breathing.
It's Iron Man who takes the hit. Of course he does; his agility in the suit means he's often on the first line of any fight, his technology the only thing saving him from death. The eerily golden beam hits Tony straight in his chest. Except, instead of breaking through the suit, it sizzles out at contact. Their enemy is caught off guard by surprise for a brief moment, but it's enough for Tony to knock her out.
"Yes, I am. Very much so."
because–
"Why don't you go back home, eh?"
"So the fancy silver cutlery is not just the snobby fashion choice, Fire Man?" Clint's flippant question makes Tony sputter, Steve is not sure if more because of the accusation or the playful moniker whose origin Tony's not aware of.
"Nice, even, tall and green," Tony shrugs. “What else is there to need?”
"My best guess, buddy, is that the arc reactor interferes with magic."
that expensive to reduce the risk, but it's not the matter of if, it's a matter of
At first, Steve judged the man as little more than a self-absorbed narcissist. He should've known better than to underestimate a Stark; he soon sees the man's brilliance, the ingenuity of his inventions. He holds his breath, witnessing Tony's sacrifice in New York's battle. He fights by his side, their moves seamlessly in sync without any prior discussion.
It's not Tony, it's that wicked creature, but it carries a battered Iron Man suit. They don't know if the man inside is alive, but the hope and fury is all they need. They rush at the ragged, barely-human shape.
Tony shrugs. "It's just a weird allergy to iron, it's a glitch, a side-effect of the arc reactor."
"The plaque is likely to have iron in it."
Steve leaves it at that, for the time being, but it lingers in his mind.
He hopes for an easy answer, but Thor frowns, the expression confused like when he's not sure whether the Allspeak supplied him with the right translation. After a moment, his face clears up.
"Its only weakness? Yup, quite fortunate, eh?" Steve only hums in response. Tony stays quiet for a while, tinkering with something with a screwdriver. If Steve had to bet, he'd say it's for a new, improved armor that will replace the destroyed Mark. Out of sudden, Tony huffs, stands up and throws his hands in the air melodramatically. "Okay, fine, I
It felt strangely profound when she said those words, not so much anymore when he repeated it to Bucky. They both laughed, and Steve didn't pay it any mind.
That doesn't mean that Tony isn't being stupid about it at other times. Like when the Avengers are given another plaque in Central Park, and the mayor proceeds to hand them a tacky replica as a memento. Steve notices how Tony tenses, even if his face stays unmoved. Before he can take a step forward, Steve puts a hand on his arm, passing him on the way to accept the plaque. He's not their usual spokesman; he put his foot in his mouth one time too many causing the team to revoke his speaking in public rights. He doesn't care this time, after all it's just a small ceremony, not a press conference.
"Uh-oh? He doesn't like the repulsors, he got–" he cuts off in favour of a yelp, "–got angry, Cap."
It is in that exact moment that a shape shoots up from the depth of the mine; Steve inhales, hope clenching his heart.
"Gods, Cap, you look awful."
The foreign blood doesn't cause any issues. Not yet, at least.
"Cap, that's not even in the top five among the weirdest things that happened this week."
Two, it's too fucking early. Tony stayed up till 7am in the lab drowning his anxiety with science until he crashed on the couch in his workspace for a couple of hours of fitful sleep. No amount of coffee makes waking up before noon worth it.
Tony doesn't, not really. He'd rather be done with it but he holds back a sigh and lets Steve drag him into the crowd again. Maybe fifty feet away from where they stopped, Tony snickers.
When they're back by Steve's bike and the noise quiets down a bit, Tony frowns and gives into the urge to ask.
Steve and Tony took care of the Christmas tree shopping, Bruce is only coming back to the Tower on Christmas Eve, and Thor is off-world, which leaves Nat and Clint in charge of the other decorations. Tony's both relieved that it's not his duty and fearful of what the assassin twins come up with.
He gives her the glass ball and steps away, tilting his head. The decorations already on the tree seem to be all hand-made, and while they're far from what Tony's accustomed to see in his home at Christmas, they look...
"Oh, fuck you, Barton," he scoffs. He turns to Steve to explain that they don't have to do this, that the mistletoe is just for fun, but when he sees Steve's reddened cheeks and his – Tony can't be imagining this, surely – hopeful eyes, he just stares.
"Copy that, Cap."
Three, he doesn't know a single thing about picking a Christmas tree. For his whole life the tree simply appeared in his apartment a few days before the holidays, decorated and looking like it came straight from a fancy magazine. He's never put any thought into it; he put money.
Steve knows that Iron Man has raised his faceplate because when he hears him through the comms, Tony's voice is not distorted by the suit.
Too often, Steve sees Tony discard his own needs and safety for a purpose he claims more important than himself. Steve usually disagrees with his judgement. Their arguments are well-rehearsed, recurring each time Steve drags Tony out for dinner, or refuses to leave until Tony relents and heads up to get some sleep. Repeatedly, Steve witnesses Tony put his life on the line recklessly; they don't argue about it, Steve is just as guilty of having a sacrificial streak.
Tony yelps and spins around when he hears Steve's voice right behind him; he hadn't heard him come in. He has to look up to meet Steve's eyes.
at by Steve when he shows up at 10 am sharp by the elevator and sees Tony waiting, is just the cherry on top.
He sent Tony in. Without backup. No matter how much sense it made at the moment, he should've known, he should've predicted this scenario, he shouldn't have-
When the media comes up with the 'Iron Man' moniker, Tony rolls along with it. He's always appreciated life's irony.
When Steve was little, his Ma used to tell him stories. She told him of fairies and magic, of the impossible feats, of the thin veil between their world and the fae’s back on the Irish isle. He used to believe her– got into more than one fight because of that– but by the time Erskine made him into a super soldier, he left those beliefs behind. There was no magic, he knew, only the hard work and the science of the future.
Steve is going to pay. But not in the "Steve gets beat up by some bad guy" way coz that's just cruel and i don't see the point. No, I believe Steve is very much able to realize his mistakes... sometimes. Anyway he can, and he will, here. And he will regret it deeply and try to redeem himself, etc, etc.
He was almost there though. He threw his bag on the other side of the orphanage’s wall, then he threw the ball, which hadn’t been able to fit in the bag.
Everything came back to him. The war, Steve, Captain America, Hydra experiments, the fall, and then... Then what happened ?
So far from who I was
“Sorry punk.” Grinned Bucky, not sorry at all.
He stopped at the glass doors. From here he could see the inventor tinkering in his workshop. Tony's movements were slow, and from time to time he stopped, putting a hand on his ribs. Were they broken ?
So.. Yeah. I didn't get a lot of reviews on last chapter. Where are you all ? I can't write for anonyms, it's boring ! And pointless, I'm trying to get better at writing. If I don't get feedback, how am I supposed to know if you're liking it or not ? I get that you don't have the time, I do, but pretty please ? *puppy eyes*
Till next chapters ! I love you all ! <3
Next chapter's title is : Wrong Time
And yet here he was. Just standing there. Steve could not believe it.
I still see you
It was true, Tony made the arm because he cared. But not about Bucky. About Steve.
“Thank you, JARVIS.” Bucky made his way to the freezer and opened it.
Bucky had woken up in a relatively good mood that morning.
Tony froze. “I don't know what you're talking about.”
One of my friends keeps drawing stucky fanarts and it's really really hard not to give in and write stucky fluff instead of all this angst. Meaning I'm still at chap 14's last scene. That's because of all the work I gotta do all the time.. I hate it I hate working I HATE IT. (who likes it anyway ?)
-Zeyra
He didn’t really know what to buy for Bucky, so he went to a toy store and walked around for a bit. His eyes fell upon a white frisbee with a red star in the middle, and he thought Bucky would just love that thing.
(See the end of the chapter for
Ok, found it, it will be : Mission : Protect.
He followed the man and when he was close enough, quickly dug his hand into his pocket and grabbed everything he could, before running away.
The man had looked him up and down like Steve was just a piece of meat.
A half dream state.
The dark haired man nodded.
“I'm just wondering why you didn't defend yourself. Where is your freezer ?”
Bruce left the room without even looking back.
“Does Bucky know ?”
He would have done that joke with anyone on the team. But.. Not with a stranger.
“You used to talk more” Remarked Bruce quietly.
Okay... So what do you think of that new development ? And who's happy about the plot ??? Coz I rarely do anything like this, so I'm not sure if it's working out, but I guess you all can't know till it develops more.
“You mean, you as in the Avengers, right ?”
Faint voices echoed at the back of his mind, but Thor's strong one brought him back to reality quickly.
She sat next to him and rested her head on his shoulder, taking one of his hands in hers.
“What do you want from me, Cap ? Answers ? Because yes. Yes the Winter Soldier killed my parents.”
Thor released him only to guide him to the couch and settle between Natasha and Clint so  that Bucky had now an archer on one side, and a god on the other. When Natasha put her legs on all of the men's laps, Bucky felt warmth blossom in his chest. These persons were his friends.
“Ok, so the cure will last longer than expected...” The inventor really hoped Steve wouldn't take it badly.
“Kill the robots.”
What else... uh. Nothing except I'm tired. Oh wait, there is that one thing. I put lyrics at the beginning of the chapter, please go check out the song ! Even tho I wanted to use it for another chapter.
How long has it been since someone had touched him for something else than hurting him ?
The pancakes were delicious. Tony was delighted by the sensation of taste on his tongue again.
He felt needles in his arms, and, yes, that was usual. What had he catched this time ? Pneumonia ? Again ?
The room smelled just like his childhood, but this time the roles were reversed.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
.Common to all : Bucky returns and Tony makes a machine to try to "delete" the winter soldier
Hey everyone, guess what, I'm exhausted. That's what I get from going to sleep at 2am. Go to sleep early, kids. Grown ups too, actually.
He wanted to stand up, but as soon as he started moving, pain shot through his whole body, and his chest and right arm started feeling wet. He ignored the pain to twist and look at the damage. His hospital gown was getting soaked his blood. He lifted at arm and tried to tear the cloth to have a better look at the injury.
“Sir, the Winter Soldier is asking for a mission.”
Tony spit blood before replying, looking Steve right in the eye. “So was I.”
Okay so today was very stressful but I coped by drawing loki strange and "giant grape from space" version of thanos with gamora sitting on his head. Oh, and Bucky, in a red star, asking who the hell is bucky.
Thor and Tony were the ones who visited him the most. Thor would sit next to him, hold his hand gently, and tell him stories about Loki, sometimes imagining out loud how it would go if he took Bucky with him to visit Asgard.
“I will do it myself, Bucky, if it gets you to get out.”
How Bucky knew that language was a mystery.
As he came back to his former bedroom, the one he had abandonned to settle in Tony's room instead, Steve could feel hot tears streaming down his face, and his heart hurt everytime he breathed. As if simply being alive pained him. And if Steve was being honest to himself for once, it actually did.
Russian words and sentences he could not comprehend. A dark, menacing laugh.
“Uh, hm, because he's our teammate ? And our uh” Tony's voice trembled. "Friend ?"
Bucky seemed to understand that this was a battle already lost. He held his hands up jokingly and changed the subject, asking about Peggy. They both decided that Bucky could move to Steve's room, at least for the next few days.
It didn't take long for the genius to answer.
Hulk growled, and Bruce took a deep breath as he entered the hospital and ran towards Steve’s room without even bothering to stop and state his identity.
---------------
“Don’t worry Wanda, it was a policeman, he wanted to know my name that’s all”
He saw Tony's back tense suddenly. The AI must have told him who was at the door. Slowly, the genius turned around to face Bucky.
He wanted to say 'I love you' over and over. But it was probably too soon. Or too late, it depended of how one would look at it. However one thing was certain : it was not the time. So instead, Steve settled for : “I missed you”
It tasted like ashes.
----------------------------------------------------------------
That night, Bucky woke up from a nightmare he could not remember. Steve, by his side, watched him with sorrowfull eyes. Noticing that, Bucky directed a sad smile at him.
The blond felt the Soldier lift him on his feet. The Asset was carrying more than half of his weight, but it was still too heavy for Steve.
At that moment, he had already known that what he was going to say would get him into trouble, but he just couldn’t help it. Bruce was fragile, and even letting that boy in the same room at that man felt wrong. Steve had felt the need to know more.
“Yes !” The blond screamed, making Tony flinch.
The physicist’s phone rang and he picked up.
Tony took a seat on the chair that had been put next to the bed, and sighed. Seriously, Bucky had to choose the ONLY week when Steve wasn't available. And now he was stuck here, waiting for...
‘It’s all on me.’ He thoughts echoed the archer’s words.
“TARGET IS DOWN” Target ? Steve ? Was he hurt ?
Bucky put his chin on Thor's shoulder and returned the hug while observing the two spies, who were sharing glances.
Bruce's expression was cold, and annoyed. But there was a spark, something in the man's gaze. There, in the genius' eyes, was a hint of concern.
---------------------------------
“Bucky, you think too loudly, I can't sleep” Mumbled a very cute looking and very sleepy Captain America next to him.
So yep Television was full of shit nowadays.
“Hello baby girl”
And the floor opened, a slim humanoid figure came out of the hole with force, jumping and  almost touching the ceiling and then doing a backflip and landing with one knee on the floor the other leg was bent, it’s hair was short and brown, it looked smooth falling on side to side the tips touching the cheeks that were hidden behind a gold mask—
-Who are you?-
“Tony? Who are you talking to?” Pepper asked from the doorframe, she was wearing a blue tube skirt with a white buttoned blouse, her stilettos making soft clicking noises as she walked.
“Of course I know”
-oh my god- Pepper said at the same time that Rhodey let his gun fall from his grip.
“Tony!” Of course, it was pepper. “How do you feel?”
-There are rumors, in the underworld- Everyone in the room pay attention to Loki- that a knight, the right hand of lady dead will be the first to touch earth, I don’t know why but I know that when the dead itself is involved is not for a good cause-
“If you only were stronger… first Afghanistan and then this? You disappoint me, how many times will you let people step on you?”
The creature –man?- laughed and raised his gloved hand startling everyone in the room who pointed their guns, daggers and knives to it- him?-.
Ten years passed, Steve still looked pretty young despite being the oldest among all his friends, sure he had more wrinkles but nothing compared with the others, that was when he realized that he was getting older much slower than an average human being and for the first time in years he thought in suicide, Bucky moved to live with Steve to make sure that he was keeping himself alive, Natasha and Clint decided to live together just as friends, Bruce became a famous scientist and made Peter his assistant, Rhodey was getting tired of being a soldier and  Thor sometimes went traveling with The Guardians of the galaxy when they needed help, sometimes with Loki sometimes alone.
Five years passed, Steve settled in an apartment, Bucky decided to live apart from him, Clint divorced, Natasha reappeared now with his red hair back and a few new wrinkles around her eyes and mouth, Bruce won a nobel for his studies in magic and science, Rhodey was still in the military and Thor was the King of Asgard with Loki as his strategist and sometimes adviser.
They still loved each other.
There was a short silence, and Loki knew it wasn’t because Steve hadn’t heard, but simply because no one had ever knocked on that door. The only people who ever visited the Orphanage had a key.
“I think so, yeah. And I actually think that Bucky and Steve are dating, but are very private about it. Maybe Bucky needs time to forget all the homophobia of their time.” Answered Clint.
I will continue to publish on this until the moment Steve dies, and until the winteriron ending.
And Steve took it without replying. Because there was no use, the archer wouldn't stop. And Steve deserved it.
Bucky woke up alone.
Two minutes spent staring at the orphanage later, Tony sighed.
He took a bite of the food, holding back his nausea, forcing the pasta down his throat after chewing with difficulty.
Hours later, it was starting to get dark outside and Thor felt a little cold in this winter evening, but it wasn’t surprising, he only had a black sweatshirt to keep him warm after all.
“Well they can't find out every single time I mess up. The media would only be about Tony Stark if they did.”
Tony sat on the uncomfortable chair on the other side of the one-sidded glass, watching Bucky.
------------------
“Like a brother ?”
Something was definitely off about this whole thing.
“Steve.”
“I’m sorry sir.” He said as he stood up and started going back to Wanda, who seemed to feel the same way about that guy and was staying a safe distance away.
“Mister Rogers, Natasha Romanov wishes to come in.”
The next morning, Tony sat in the infirmary, pouting.
Some may notice that the chapter's title has changed, well it's because the former title is for another chapter.
“Nothing really. Could you leave me alone please ?” Steve asked. He sounded even weaker than the first time he had talked.
Steve didn’t stay around to hear Bruce’s answer.
His loved ones looked at him as he sank deeper and deeper into the black ocean.
The inventor's expression went cold.
“Is he talking about Steve again ?” Asked Clint.
“No. Mission is protect.” Replied the soldier to whatever the archer had said.
Bruce stared at her like she had suddenly grown a second head.
(END OF SPOILER)
Tony actually cringed at that one. Thank god he decided to train and try a few things out before actually going to talk to the soldier.
It read : “Don't go near Bucky again, or you will regret it. -S.R.”
At the tone of the archer, Steve opened his eyes again.
Hospital.
Also, we're getting closer and closer to a really important point in the story, I'm sorry it takes so long to happen, I should add slow burn in the tags. Yeah I'm going to do that.
Bruce was so lost in thought that he did not notice Clint stepping into the elevator.
“Bingo !” He whisper-shouted. There was so much money in there, he could buy gifts for all the kids of the orphanage now !
“Hey Stevie, don't be sad. Don't regret the past. We are not who we were before. I am not the Bucky you knew.” 'But I still want to protect you and mother hen you and I love you so, so much' he almost added, but decided otherwise at the last second.
Now you maaaayyy have also read the text between those song lyrics.... And... Let me say... I'm almost sorry ? I mean I had to reread my whole fanfic yesterday so I wouldn't write nonsense today, and I almost cried at my own words, and literally cried from the angst and pain... I was like "When will the author update this !!! Oh wait."  So yeah, I guess that at least, you readers get the satisfaction of knowing that I suffered too. At least twice : when I imagined the story, and when I had to reread it XD
“Why the hell are you calling me doll ? Let me go !” Protested Tony.
Tony's shoulders slumped. “Yes, mom.” He sighed.
“So I uh, I'm sorry for calling you doll and uh, hugging you the other night. And I don't want to get my own appartment anymore... I don't want to be away from you.”
Wait. 'Us' ?
And yes. Yes the Winter Soldier is coming back. But, even better. He slowly becomes an Avenger.
Or maybe it wasn’t, since the only one who had taken any interest in Steve apart from Bruce was Clint, and the bowman was god knows where.
That was another thing. It had been a month since anyone had called him Steve.
(See the end of the chapter for
.Steve dies . . . .AU2 . . . . . Steve is not really dead, he was just believed dead, he comes back . . .  This is the AU2, the one I was planning to write.
“What happened ?” Tony was watching Thor and Bucky, who had fallen asleep and was now leaning against the god.
-Zeyra
Come on, show me you're alive, and tell me what you think of this chapter ^^
Every word I said
"Good Asset." Replied the superspy, still in russian.
They knew ?! His heart dropped in his chest.
I will also explore the possibility of Steve having suicidal tendencies/behavior. After all, I don't have to remind any of you of how he got frozen for 70 years.
Steve's roars echoed in his head, and he flinched.
Bucky breathed in, and out. Now, he talks to Tony, tells him the truth, and he avoids fucking up or running away. That's going to be hard. But rule one, fake it 'til you make it.
Steve woke up to lips pressed against his.
“Stevie ?” Called a small voice.
----------------------------------------------------------------
‘Thor, how many times have I told you to stop running away and scaring me like that ?’
Well if aliens did exist, and he was hearing about the time Loki had turned his brother into a snake and the familiar steps of his favorite inventor, then he needed to find those winchester brothers when he woke up.
Steve shivered violently as he came back to the reality of his hospital room.
One sometimes had a metal arm, but most of the times looked younger and was in an uniform. There was even a drawing or two of him as a kid. He was always smiling a ridiculously sweet and perfect smile, except on one drawing, where he was peacefully asleep. There was a drawing where the man had his back turned on the observer, and it seemed like he was cooking.
There was a very wealthy looking business guy walking very slowly down the avenue. There were a lot of people in the street so Thor was pretty sure no one would notice him : a small ten years old… Well okay he wasn’t that small, but still, compared to adults, he was.
A glass of water was pressed against his lips.
“Yes Tony ? No, this is normal, you know it as much as me…. Ok I’ll go check.”
So hum.
“Goodmorning Mister Barnes.. No, what the hell, Stark ? That's for JARVIS !”
“Hey doll, it's okay. I get flashbacks too. It's okay.”
Bucky had been in one of the guests room of the Tower when he heard the call. Tony had heard about him wanting to find a place of hiw own and insisted that he would find it for him, and make it a safe place. So he was stuck here, waiting to be free. He didn't mind that much, though. Knowing that the inventor cared enough to find him a safe place and pay for everything felt... Very nice. And warm.
Two hours later, the kid exited a toy store, a soccer ball under his arm and his old backpack even fuller than it had been before, and started walking towards the exterior of the city. Tony hesitated for a second, but then decided he had to talk with that kid parents about the proper education and care that any parent should give to a child.
“Captain Rogers, I believe it has been a week since you have not eaten. I recommend you eat something as soon as possible” JARVIS' voice broke the silence of Steve's room.
She obtained a nod, and Clint huffed. “Looks like you're speaking brainwashed Hydra assassin alright.”
“I fucked up. Oh gosh I fucked everything up” He cried. Tears started streaming down his face.
“I am here to… To adopt. Yeah that’s why I’m here.”
Once they were away from any curious ears, Steve turned to Phil and whisper-yelled : “They’re selling our children ! Ward is selling the children ! We need to do something this isn’t right !”
“Alright big guy, I know just the movie to show you !” Clint told Thor.
“Pepper ! No ! Don't do this ! It's not like that ! Oh god pepper do not kill captain america and do not kill me i swear i didn't mean to keep that from you ! I just forgot !”
And for the first time since he woke up, Bucky didn't look so lost anymore.
Bucky looked at the blond, intrigued. Steve never mentionned Thor had a brother.
“Not technically. However you are not banned from them either.”
Tony didn't sleep that night.
New Stark's eyes widened.
“Is he going to be alright ?” Asked Tony in a small voice. He couldn't stop himself from caring, even though he didn't want to have anything to do with Steve. He hated it, but he couldn't stop loving Steve.
The blond opened his eyes, seeing nothing in the black water.
“Mission.”
Bucky had woken up in a relatively good mood that morning. Which was strange, because it had been two days since Tony had yelled at him and they still hadn't crossed paths. Bucky missed Tony, and actually, that was the reason why his good mood wasn't so weird after all : he had decided that today would be the day he goes to Tony and appologizes.
“No !” Steve protested instantly, grabbing Bucky's flesh arm and pulling him down again to crash his lips against Bucky's in a rough, but meaningful kiss. The kiss then softened before they pulled back a few moments later. They were both smiling, and their faces were so close that Bucky's dark hair was tingling Steve's cheeks. “No.” Repeated the blond tenderly.
