“Nothing is broken, Sir,” FRIDAY assesses, patiently. “I find it that it would be in your best interests to simply listen to them.”
(See the end of the chapter for
want.”
at him—
Tony gawks.
Wilson frowns as soon as he sees him. “What’s he doing here?”
He can't remember the last time he actually had the stereotypical sleepover, where everyone piles on the floor, and watches movies together, and talks about everything and anything. He can't remember ever being so comfortable at one. He can't remember the last time he even
Tony turns red, but grins. “I don't need a store, Mr. Rogers. I need… Go back inside, I have to go somewhere.”
A little while after, Tony excuses himself to call Jarvis and tell him about everything. Jarvis picks up the phone on the first ring.
“Well, Cross, too bad,” he says, tone even. “Guess you're just not up to Rogers's, uh… manly standards.”
Tony, foolishly and uncontrollably, imagines a foggy future where he and Steve are together,
It's how he got to the status he's at today.
“Did you do it?” Mr. Rhodes probes.
“No, I'll do it,” he murmurs. Peter taps the dark pink FLICKLOVE button at the end of the letter.
It's not exactly that Tony isn't...
“Yes,” Vision retorts, leaning against the wall with fake casualness.
“ — and you would be alone, starting off in California,” Steve finishes. He frowns, a tad upset. “You’ll need all the friends you can get, right? Starting over, like this.”
Steve waits, patiently, fingers still hovering over DUM-E but eyes roving the walls.
Bucky gives her an uneasy smile. “Well, sure, but that doesn't make me feel any better.”
The topic doesn't die out. Much later, Tony spits out that his mom's gonna be home, even though she isn't, never is, and the other guys wave him away. They tell him to make sure that he doesn't come in contact with Steve — the disease is contagious. Tony laughs.
Which is how Ty figured out that Steve had disappeared from the face of the earth over summer.
Ty's smiling at Hammer, and Cross and Rumlow are praising him.
“No, you — Mom, he can tell me whatever he needs to say,” Tony insists. He smiles wide at Howard. “What’s the dilemma,
all those years ago. He feels his lips curving. “Okay.”
“Sir,” Tony looked over, “you have a visitor. An old friend.”
Tony drinks some more.
Steve sends him a bright smile. “You’re already getting to know them.”
He leans down by the window. “Happy. Come out and be my date.”
squeaks,
“Yeah. Just doesn't help much if I think about it,” he amends.
But now Hammer's hopping up and down, almost indiscernible, his face pulled in a nasty expression while he has his phone and Steve's Instagram post on his screen.
Rhodey’s quiet. Then: “Can you say that again, Tones?”
“Do it! Actually, why are you even speaking to me? Go talk to Rogers and all of them!”
“Tony!”
Natasha is staring at Tony. Tony avoids looking back, picking up his fudge box and cooling cup of cocoa.
Rumlow's grinning, grotesquely. “This keeps getting better and better.”
One of the proctors smiles. “Steve Rogers? He's fairly new to Timely Comics, but his work has changed the — ”
Someone he vaguely remembers by the name of Caden (? Camden? Carson?), puts a hand out, and Tony grabs it, sliding over the desk. He drops in it, huffing, and vaguely points toward the girls. “Anyone know their names?”
, Tony doesn't say. He shrugs. “Do what you need. Tell Hammer to tell his girlfriend that I said hi.”
Tony dodges away, swimming through the crowd to get behind the stage. His eyes rove over the heads until his eyes land on a familiar head of blonde hair disappearing out of one of the galleries into one of the exits's foyers.
“Tony. Stark.”
Sarah snaps, as if she completely forgot. “Oh! Yes, of course! It's right there.”
e about him is a lie that he himself started. Majority thinks he has a smoking hot girlfriend in a few cities over along with the girls he manages to pick up at their school, but the girl he's talking about was more into Tony, himself, than Hammer.
Tony shuts up.
Tony falls in love with Steve Rogers.
“Aw, c'mon, Stevie, I was joking!”
They last quite a while that way, until they hear a loud cheering noise, emanating from the house. Steve instantly pulls away, face flushed red and pupils blown wide, before shoving his face into Tony’s shoulder. Tony looks past him to see their friends piled on one another to see out the window. Tony gives them the finger, and Barnes easily pulls down his pants to moon them. He disappears to the ground after Sharon and Sam attack him for the visual assault.
“Tony — I —
Steve sighs. “Sam, how honest can a computer be?”
. Who they’ve been ignoring for over a month now. What the hell?
Tony's stomach hums. He swallows.
The one in Manhattan, near the Tower. You know it, so we thought we'd put you somewhere familiar.”
“I got the place in California,” Howard laughs. “Stark Arms is turning into
Peter nods in relief. “Stuff like that. That he knows a lot about, y'know.”
Tony mentally slaps himself. Do not come onto the random bakery employee. Do not take out your hangover no-filter tongue on the random bakery employee.
horrible,
Steve grabs his arm, his touch firm but light.
Sarah eyes him. “Actually, I'm a mom to a kid your age. He's in my office, right now.”
Seems we're in the same boat.
Tony's head goes a bit spinny.
Carter and Rogers glance at each other, then Rogers has a ghost of a smile on his face. “Well, Stone, don't be so full of yourself. You're not fitting them either.”
Steve gives a mock-fake gasp. “I would never.”
Tony sighs. He adjusts his arm wraps. “Are we leaving yet, Ty?”
Sarah's talking. “Ah, you guys know each other? Huh! Small world.”
Take that, Steve Barnes.)
What the hell.
time where he stays in, it seems he falls asleep for three minutes and then it's Monday.
Bucky's already holding Steve in a headlock. “You got the guy, huh, Stevie?”
Some of the others giggle, and Lang smiles a bit. “Got a legitimate question, okay?”
“I want to barrel in all of their faces,” Rumlow growls, hands clenched around his lunch fork. “Especially those bitches.”
The assholes are gonna pay for that. They just shot Steve's fiance.
“When you posted that picture is when I gave up. And when you found out that I was the asshole behind all of those stupid pranks is when I gave up on any mere fantasy of this. Because I don’t deserve you. I never have. I probably never will.” Tony steps closer. “But I’m selfish.”
Tony knows exactly where Steve lives. But that's creepy. Uber creepy.
“Tony,” Steve then whispers, eyes twinkling. “Are you accepting my Flicked Love?”
), which makes Tony start rambling about potential changes to Steve's current suit, where Steve insists on helping in the design this time. It's a whole lot of bickering, but as Tony said before — if they're not actively arguing, you're going to find them bickering. It wouldn't be healthy if they didn't — after New York, they kept pushing the whole polite, not-disagreeing thing which only led them to worst arguments. They need the bickering, because otherwise their communication with each other kind of sucks. Tony thinks that realizing this a few several years ago would've done wonders on their relationship.
Tony can't find a response to that, so he simply says, “Humiliated is kinda lacking, isn't it?”
“Wednesday,” he confirms, kicking Steve's shin. “Which is still four days away from Saturday.”
Steve Sta—
“Nat?” Mr. Wilson prompts.
They had done it right off school grounds, just a block away from the building, where everyone who gossiped enough to spread it in five minutes would be stationed after school. And that was the unspoken new status of Steve Rogers. Was supposed to be, anyways. Until Steve Rogers wiped his eyes away with Sharon Carter's proffered scarf, then promptly punched Brock Rumlow right in the nose.
It is.
An evil grin stretches across Tony’s mouth. “I will.” Kissing Steve once more, softly and sweetly, he hurries back to the door, and Steve lets out a stressed noise before rushing behind him.
Jarvis stays there still, however, opening his mouth momentarily, before shaking his head and walking away.
Tony’s stomach twisted itself over and over until he was finally able to choke out, “I’m sorry about that.”
“Here it is.” Steve pulls over.
Tony. I'm very flattered with this entire ordeal, but I can't say I expected this.
Tony starts at the tone of his voice. It's cracked — tender.
Steve Rogers's eyes widen.
Tony blinks. “What happened to Barnes?”
More or less. Does Steve?
Steve's lips twitch. “Same here. When Nat, Sam, and Buck told me that they found a good date for me but I didn't get to know who it was, I planned to kind of…”
Ty rolls his eyes. “Give him some more time.”
Steve sighs, helpless to Bucky's calm optimism. And it's not like Steve doesn't trust all of them, it's just that trusting someone with you life and trusting someone with your
Tony exhales when the door closes behind them. Steve Rogers. God.
Unless… it isn't. That would make sense, right, that after Steve saw it was Tony, the whole 'date’ pretense would just… go away. It seems like something Steve Rogers would think of.
They all look at him expectantly.
“Your compliments are still not gonna cut it,” Sam says from where he's appeared from the doorway. He frowns. “Or flirting. Stop flirting.”
The other two guys chuckle, and Caden snorts, but his eyes are on someone else. He nods toward Rogers and Wilson. “You think that's the guy?”
“Asshole who deserves to — ” Natasha curses in another language. Sharon nods fiercely.
was fine with following.
Tony nods, hurriedly. “It's... It's
Something has to have gone wrong.
Sarah's lips form an 'o', but she smiles reassuringly after. “That's fine, Tony. Stevie and I will be here for — ” Her pocket vibrates. She takes out one of the StarkComms that Tony helped develop. “Nurse Rogers. Yeah. Mmhmm. Okay. I'll be there in a second.”
Steve looked uncertain for a moment, but apparently caught on that Tony was teasing, because he rolls his eyes. “C'mon. I only hit your knees.”
Mr. Rhodes glares at him. “It’s the best path for Tony, isn't it? We gotta do it.”
Tony blinks. Bats Peter's hand out of his face. “Uh — Yeah, sure, go for it.”
Sam grunts. Thinks on it. “Fine,” he complies. “But Bucky has to keep his grubby paws off my StarkPad. This is a
At a Halloween party, Steve and Tony's lives collide once again.
Tony frowns. “Damn it.”
On the screen, the school blog — MarvelUs.com — is filling up with comments underneath the post an anonymous user made.
Tony's not really sure of anything lately.
Steve laughs wetly at that. “Your logic is ground-breaking.”
Hammer snorts. “What the fuck is wrong with you all?”
“Okay, stop, we need to think this through,” Natasha says firmly. “Like Steve would.”
Tony curses. “Oh my god, Steve, I'm so sorry, I forgot about the — ”
“Rogers,” Tony blurts. He almost facepalms at his lack of self-control.
Steve Rogers… Steve… Steve
Tony blinks. “Oh.”
“Can we just — ” He motions loosely. “I’ve never really got the Christmas thing, my family are atheists, so please — ”
, but that night added a bit of perspective. Tony always distantly notes that that was three hours of happiness in a rather gloomy part of his life.
He can feel the near touch of the knees behind him.
Tony lifts his eyebrows and gestures. “Lead the way.”
And they all grow.
Tony gawks.
There's an aborted, high-pitched noise from across the room and Tony looks up.
Steve blinks, then tugs Tony even closer. “Tony, I was always head over heels infatuated with you. I still am.”
Rogers's eyebrows raise just a bit at Carter, but glancing at Cross makes him reevaluate. He smirks, just this side of downright dirty.
The group laughs. Romanoff's eyes snap to Tony and she says, “Finally I get to punch his lights out.”
Ty tsks. “I was thinking about offering little Odinson in. Then we can get Thor, and easy access to Rogers for the prank.”
Tony still struggles with his feelings for Steve Rogers, and an unexpected visitor comes in with astonishing news.
“No, no, no, no,
Sarah Rogers puts her hands up in the air in surrender. “I didn't even say anything, Steve!”
The drive to school goes stupidly fast, and when Tony reaches the parking lot, Tony wants to turn and drive back home.
Sam takes the StarkPad from Nat, typing out the message.
Steve's eyes fling back over to Tony. Tony watches him as his arms flail a bit then they fall back sloppily. Steve screws his face up then inhales slowly, visibly collecting himself.
Which is when Rogers looks behind him, and his eyes land on Tony's.
Steve studiously looks away. “Let’s go in. I think some proper introductions are necessary.” Steve brightens then. “Plus, you haven't met Bucky yet! Bucky's the best. You'll love Bucky.”
It was a lot to take in, okay?
Paul reddens. “Sarah and Tony brought it to my attention that perhaps I chose a gift that wouldn't be...
Stone sighs. “You’re the one getting that back, Cross.”
What Tony doesn't say is
Bucky shifts, visibly putting himself further behind Vision. Vision sends the man an unimpressed look.
Tony frowns. “Then how are you going to get to Timely, hmm?”
“It's Stark
When Sarah and Paul finally arrive, the dessert is nearing the bottoms of the containers, and there are exactly five slices of pizza (and half of a crust) left in the boxes. It's around six-thirty, and the Grinch movie just finished, because they all agreed on not letting Natasha rewind it back to where they stopped listening. Sam's next and he chooses
Tony set the trash bag down.
It doesn't matter that Tony hacked into Hammer's phone and MarvelUs.com to post that humiliating video.
Tony gnaws his lip. If… He'll just call a cab. If —
Steve shutters. “Gee, I'm sorry, what was I thinking, you've probably got… Parties and — and other things to do, I'm sorry — ”
They stay staring at each other for half a moment before Steve hurriedly snaps his gaze away and excuses himself before disappearing from view. Some of the proctors call after him.
“I can't go, Jarvis,” he repeats morosely. “I can't possibly go.”
don't have each other's backs, but sometimes Tony knows it's better to let this one play out, instead of intervening.
“Which is what I would do if you were critically hurt on one of these missions of yours,” Tony adds, “which is actually why I called you! Crazy how all of these things line up.”
sitting next to the 'magician' freak since Strange is just kinda… well, strange. He's also kinda freaky smart, so Strange is another who's wasted in Timely. Nonetheless, Tony is preoccupied because right behind him is Natasha Romanoff.
, but about — You haven't gotten any matches yet, okay, Steve?!”
Because — according to Ty who got it from fuck-knows-who — Steve got a growth spurt combined with military training combined with a nineties-semi-popular-movie star's protein shake diet plan combined with a super soldier serum like in a comic book combined with extensive five-minute every hour workouts and Tony didn't know what to believe until, when questioned by Christine Everheart, Rogers said only this: “Junior year is gonna be good.”
Sarah laughs before knocking on the door, “Steve, we've got a guest.”
!” Steve laughs. “He’s brilliant!
“No,” Tony presses, taking a step forward. “No, no, no, not at all. Really, Rogers. I'd… I'd
“It’s, uh,” he stammers. “Well, I — T'Challa really wanted me to come, so I did, but I felt really bad that I wasn't giving candy out tonight to little kids, so I got some candy just in case I ran into a kid. And you… Well, chocolate makes you feel better. Scientifically proven.”
frustrating?”
Howard scoffs. “Over a pansy's feelings.”
“I'm calling Rhodey,” Steve informs him. Tony hurries to disprove.
Tony can't find it in himself to be tired, but he never really is when an idea takes over his mind. He can stay awake for hours on end working on something.
“Whatever you're thinking right now,” Ms. Natasha says dryly, “think of Steve and Tony's prior behaviors toward you, and really evaluate if that's how they'd react if this doesn't work out.”
and thinks Tony is worth his time. God, he's actually nervous for this. Ridiculous. He's
“And I'm really scared and tired and for once in my life, I don't want to leave Timely,” Tony says. Rhodey stares at him for a moment before wrapping him up in a tight embrace. Tony melts into it.
“As in Bucky Barnes,” Bucky confirms. His voice has a heavy Brooklyn accent, the one that Tony only hears in Steve when he's yelling to Sam for a while. “I've heard a lotta 'bout you. Heard you fixed my coffee machine.”
“Well, what do they matter, anyway?” Pepper asks, tone like steel.
“I mean, we'll have to buy a lot of paint,” Tony interjects. The other three pairs of eyes spin to him. Tony smirks, and the others laugh, excitement buzzing.
Steve smiles softly. “Then sleep.”
Barnes pauses. Then looks at her, betrayed. “You’re supposed to be on my side, Nat, what the hell?”
It's Wednesday now. It's been five days since Steve Rogers came out of the closet, and the juniors and seniors have been called to a late, beginning-of-the-year assembly.
Lang laughs, sounding surprised and amused. “That is literally the most relatable thing I've ever heard.”
“We won all of our games until — ”
Bucky arches a brow, but starts on it anyway. Very casually, Tony hums.
“Hi,” he greets.
Tony purses his lips. “Steve, darling, you're
Steve hurriedly shakes his head. “No, not at all. I just… Where’d you get it from?”
Captain America, y’know? I read somewhere that the more known people always get the more known people, so that's probably why Steve got such good matches.”
Though Tony hadn't noticed it before, he can feel the room lose tension in indescribable amounts the more and more he expresses just how much his life is... a giant cluster of what the fuck.
Tony's jaw clenches. “I think the noodles were quite personal to Rogers's skinny little body back then.”
Steve Rogers, in his army uniform costume, blushes a bright red.
“No, this is bigger, bro!”
thought that you would like me back.”
“You wanna learn about Jesus, Stark?” Barnes asks, but he has this sorta soft grin across his face that, if Tony chose to point it out, he was sure it would disappear.
So Tony's taking a break. Unless some tall, perfect, strong, blue-eyed, self-righteous, brave, heroic blonde is planning to come sweep him off his feet — He's keeping them planted in celibacy.
magazine. “I’m feeling very trepidatious.”
“Okay,” Tony says.
“Anyways!” Rhodey talks loudly. “Believe it or not, Tony, we did come here to talk about something.”
At the same time as she's telling Peter this, Mr. Wilson and Bucky walk over to the table. Peter now sees Mr. Wilson's sick expression, and he actually feels comforted that he's not alone.
Dr. Banner's eyebrows furrow. “What?”
“Uh. Well, generally, I like clean shaven, but I don't mind the occasional gruffy look. Weird question, Parker.”
Pepper herds him out of Stark Tower's lobby doors. “Yes. In Brooklyn. And you're going.”
Rogers takes his silence as confirmation of his statement. He sighs, looking away for a moment. Tony just stands there.
“Tony,” Steve interjects, eyes turning moist and red, and Tony's heart breaks at the sound of Steve's voice when he said his name, “I'm — I'm fine.”
“Doesn’t seem likely, no.” It comes out of Tony's mouth instantly, and he internally berates himself when Steve's face falls. God, Tony's a mood-killer. He swallows. “Anyway. To my understanding, you haven't been in cooperation with four meddlers as far as I know, so I have to assume that you didn't know that I'd be your… guest for the evening, as well.”
It's quiet. Tony sighs. “Such a downer, I know.”
“It’s so fucking annoying,” Rumlow scoffs, declining the call. “We told him what he needs to do. He just has to go fucking do it.”
Steve’s eyebrows furrow. Then he brightens. “Can I see him in action?”
Ty huffs, trailing after him. “Why are you so okay with this?”
Steve frowns. “You said there were things you wanted me to know before you 'leave Timely’. What — Why are you leaving Timely?”
“We didn't break anything, Tony,” Bruce sighs.
Staring out the window as
Sometimes — usually the nights following the pranks — Tony stares at the ceiling in his room, longer than usual, and wonders what Steve Rogers thinks of him. If he knows that it's Tony who publicly humiliates him — that Tony's the one who doesn't have the balls to face him while doing so. Mostly, he just wonders if Steve Rogers thinks about him at all.
Tony burns a deep red. “I — No, no, definitely not, that is the second time you've caught me singing today and this is just — peak humiliating.”
That's why, three months into his stay, Steve Rogers got poured in thick, wet, elementary school glue, by Brock Rumlow, supplied by Tony Stark's dad's wallet.
Tony has a mini panic attack while he's quietly sitting next to Steve. It only lasts a second though. He's pretty happy while it happens, too.
“It wasn’t bad to hear,” Steve says quietly. “It was sweet, actually.”
It's two more hours until English Literature and Comprehension, which is the single class that Tony has with Steve Rogers, considering their different career plans.
Romanoff glares at him. “Yet you watch
“You were gone for awhile,” he remarks. “Got what you needed?”
“It's just that you're.... You're Tony Stark, and I'm just — I'm Steve Rogers.”
Steve can't help but grin back. “Now, we've gotta start tying things up here since we're moving back to the compound. This place was nice for after the war, but we... We belong in the compound. Right?”
, nosey-pants. Just go in, I'll be back in an hour or two, tops.”
“What the fuck d'you think you're doin' here?” Bucky growls from behind Sam. Tony's eyes widen even further.
Steve's expression softens. “C’mon, Tony. Let's go in, everyone will understand. Honestly, it's… it's really… uh… admirable? Admirable. That you… That you even wanted to — ”
Tony leaves the room before anyone can say more, snatching up his few things and rushing to the door.
“At a gas station?” Tony probes teasingly.
“Hi.”
Romanoff's fist connects with his face before he can spit out another word.
“Try it out.”
The dining room is buzzing with activity. Tony got first shower, and he sits back and watches as everyone takes their turn while Sarah and Paul make breakfast and everyone chatters and texts others and beam at Tony with their gifts. Tony’s own phone buzzes, and he glances at it.
“KEEP YOUR HEADS IN AND DON'T LET THEM TOUCH YOU!”
“'Course,” Sam dismisses him, and Steve can see that he's already playing that colorful game with the fairy and the candies.
Tony rolls his eyes. “You need to stop worrying about me and my love life and start worrying about your BioChem grade.”
Sam laughs, excitedly. “Uh huh! She’s one of the owners of that prosthetic company! Guys, she basically gives away metal body parts for
“OH MY FUCK!” Hammer's yelling louder now, and Rumlow huffs.
It was decidedly made as the grade's slogan within the next hour.
Or that he has his own phone in his jacket pocket.
Peter's hugging Stark from behind. “This is so great, Mr. Stark, you're already so happy, I'm so happy for you, and Mr. Rogers, too, you guys are so cute together, Mr. Stark, I swear you two are such a power couple, legends honestly — ”
marble statues of like, his entire family in the foyer of their house. It was just. Terrifying. And super ugly. So, really. Thank God. I hope your house is nothing like his, or I'm really gonna have to bail.”
Natasha stares at him while Bucky squints.
When they finally get to her office, she glances at him. “It's not very big, Tony, so don't start going young millionaire on me and act posh.”
“I did,” Steve says, like he’s trying to convince someone. “I swear to God, I did. But it never lasts. Even before you punched Hodge, I didn’t hate you.” He laughs, loud and abrupt. “Who am I trying to kid, I never did, even if it felt like it.”
Steve blinks, groggily. Then he covers his face with his hands, shaking his head back and forth.
Howard turns, face dangerously red. “
Tony nods sharply. “Yeah. So, I know I've been an absolute
“And one day I'll convince you that I'm not as touch starved as you think.”
Steve groans. “Sam’s gonna make such a huge deal out of that. He'll call it live porn.”
Thor gives him a small beam. “Once I get some of Ms. Rogers's fudge into me.”
table.”
“Steve’s only like liked Peggy and Mhmhm so far as to think about spending his life with 'em, but Peggy was younger, and Mhmhm was older, so,” Bucky shrugs. “Stevie likes who he likes.”
Tony's sipping the coffee as Happy informs him, and he's about to agree before the coffee hits his taste buds, and —
“Bitch,” Rumlow mutters through a bite of his hamburger.
“That means only if I let them rough me up in bed,” Tony explains. Then he starts giggling, because Rogers didn't get it, and how is Steve Rogers so
Happy, very unsubtly, rolls his eyes as he turns in his seat, because Tony says he's met the love of his life at least once a week (he's pretty sure he said it last night with that blonde) but shit.
“I was trying to make a good impression!” Tony insists.
Of Hammer licking into a fleshlight, staring straight at the camera.
NOVEMBER 28
It's silent, then Cross opens his mouth, “What the fuck is this?”
“Okay, so we got thirty-three year old, Ella Andrews,” Sam says. He scrunches up his nose. “That’s younger than Steve. Steve likes older people, right?”
“We’ve been here for
Peter shakes his head frantically. “No, Mr. Stark, honest, everything's fine with me! I'm just... There's... Things, that I need to know, that he knows a lot about.”
Barnes frowns at Steve. “I know who he is.” Barnes frowns at Tony. “If Stevie wasn't here, I'd sock you in the jaw.”
Tony doesn't look up from his phone. “Hmm?”
“Are you talking about that prank on Rogers?” Rumlow asks, innocently. “We don't know who had done it, but they left no trace. It's really too bad. Poor little queer — ”
Jarvis's lips twitch although he tries his best to remain serious. “Well, certainly not an improvement of your fondness for your black eye.”
Tony tames down the heat that starts to flood his cheeks. He shrugs nonchalantly before looking away not-so-casually.
"Yeah, thirteen."
“You’re really red,” Tony tells him back. Rogers turns even redder. “Now you're more red.”
“'Every person is a type of person that matters',” Tony parrots. “Don't tell me you've gone to the dark, self-deprecation side.”
The man at the counter has dirty blonde hair in a stuck-in-the-00's style that Tony finds slightly annoying. He's fingering the pages of a book, but it's upside down, so Tony questions the credibility of the action.
“ — and it was so embarrassing because I couldn't even bear watching Sam making the pink conchas, like what the — ”
Rogers’s eyes fly to him, almost like he forgot that he was there. Tony feels his lips (stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid—) start to turn up at the corners at the sight of the blush. He manipulates his lips into an arrogant grin. It seems to enhance Rogers's blush.
He parks at the Rogers’ house, and nudges Steve awake. Bright blue eyes peek open slowly. Tony smiles, and that curious pink floods the other’s cheeks.
“I hate you, Rogers.”
“I’m not going to California,” Tony says after a moment. “Not until I graduate.”
,” Steve continues — still in that terrible tone that Tony isn't sure is his actual singing voice or not — sitting up straighter.
with her cousins? Yes,” Sam informs. “I really hope Tony didn't just accept us to play
DUM-E makes a chirping noise in agreement.
It was glorious, and when the night ended, Tony had felt so reluctant on letting it go. He didn't quite know then how much he…
It's a few weeks later when Tony's met with another odd situation at
By the time Rogers will reach his locker, the audience will already be growing and Tony and the group can blend in.
Thor's already lightly snoring with a large arm draped across Bruce's thigh, Bucky has been leaning against Natasha, suspiciously quiet, for a while now, and Sharon's been dozing in and out up on the couch.
“Coulson?” Ty huffs. “When has he ever done that?”
me! Not to
Tony looks back at Steve. “Do you want us to stay until your mom comes back?”
Jarvis looks at him. “Sir — ”
Tony blinks. Clears his throat. “That... Did not go as expected. Can I, uh, can I ask how you came to that conclusion?”
“Why don't you come to my room and call that butler of yours?” she asks gently.
Clint winces. “Can't help you now.”
“Thanks, Jarvis,” he says on Monday morning when Jarvis hands him a cup of coffee.
Rumlow looks at him, expectantly. Tony sighs. He feels way too sober now. “Sure, yeah, let's go.”
Tony clears his throat, looking away. “It really is.”
more struggling on tony's part :))
The cheering quickly dies down. Peter pales.
Despite the hipster appearance from the outside, the inside of the bakery is pleasant and not at all tipping into edgy. It's mostly blue and white tones with bold splashes of red, and the art on the walls, despite Tony's lack of any artistic interest, are mesmerising. The content seems to show action and movement but very subtly. It's almost like the panels of a comic book, but so much less showy and so much more meaningful. It's comics meeting impressionist. Which makes no sense as to why Tony suddenly wants to plant his ass at one of the white tables lining the walls. The atmosphere is almost hypnotic and as Tony's gaze flies over everything, he becomes more sure of the fact that he'll be visiting this place much more often.
“Steve,” Tony interrupts softly. “I’m here, too. All I can conclude from this whole thing is the kindness of you and your mother. Besides, it's not any of my business.”
Peter just hopes that by the time he's moved in, Mr. Stark and Mr. Rogers are happy. Preferably together.
Tony's quiet. Steve waits patiently, mostly because he can't seem to find any words to say either.
Tony feels his chest cave in. Ty and Rumlow are bickering, and Cross is staring at Van Dyne's ass again, but with Hammer's beady eyes on him, he feels his revolve crumble.
When he finally reaches his destination, he quietly tries to pull into the lot. Steve still stirs and wakes up when the car is parked.
“Steve,” Tony interrupts, softly, “your art is new but still gorgeous. Like it always has been.”
Tony's cheeks, if possible, burn hotter. Good God, Steve heard what he was singing at the gas station.
That'd be hell of a gift for them.
Sam clears his throat. “Thank you all for meeting me here today.”
“He… He's implying that he found Steve and Bucky in Siberia by himself,” Sam frowns. “But he knows that Steve knows that I told him where they'd be.”
“Wednesday,” Steve repeats lowly. Bucky sets the magazine down.
It's a long while before they pull away. Steve's cheeks are red, and his eyes are a glimmering blue, and his lips are even more plump than usual, and Tony,
Tony pauses. He grips the M&M packets harder. Spins on his feet.
,” Sam mimics, and this time Nat throws a near empty Bleach bottle that he fails to dodge.
When the quietness floods in again, Tony’s thoughts go absent, falling into the hum of driving. It's not until Steve nudges him that he realizes it.
Steve smiles, softly. “That's awesome, Tony.”
It's nearing two in the morning, and the back alleyways of the businesses in the outskirts of Berlin are finally empty. It's nearly pitch black without the city's lights pouring in on the display, and the wintery cold chills Steve even through his insulated uniform. Steve adjusts the comm in his ear. It's a private line, only directed to FRIDAY in a secure server that Tony created for when Steve's on this type of intense mission.
Dr. Banner frowns. “That'd be depressing.”
, the other gripping a granola bar.
, though.” Howard points out. “Beating no good teams but not taking down one of the best makes the former mean jackshit.”
Howard stalks toward him, only pausing when he realizes Jarvis is still here. Like Jarvis doesn't know every single thing that has happened in this house.
“Week before school is out, too,” Hammer says, excitedly. “We’ll be the topic of break.”
Barnes huffs. “Tasha, doll, I love you, but no, not again, I can only take Jim Carrey's green face so many times per decade.”
“Howard. I am
Tony's eyes stray from the blue walls and white lights, toward the warm voice behind the counter.
“How?” Lang asks. “You don't have the credits or — ”
magazine with an enormous Thanksgiving turkey on it, grunts. “It’s Wednesday, Stevie.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony nods jerkily. “Thanks, I just have to — ”
much for anyone else in that godforsaken school!”
“I feel like you're taking my decision away from me,” Tony says, tone audibly upset. He curses himself.
Hammer's grinning, smugly.
Tony doesn't say anything.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, Sam!”
. Fuck, Rumlow's so screwed.”
“I probably said a bunch of stupid shit, used you as a human crutch, and then — fell asleep on you, on our way home,” his face felt hot red, “I’m so sorry about that. And then I didn’t even apologize or say thanks the next time we saw each other.”
Sam gives him a frustrated, but pitying look. Steve sulks.
Steve pouts. Tony laughs softly, but his eyes focus in on Steve's temple. His smile melts away, and his finger gravitate toward the blood.
Steve catches a box, and looks up at Tony. “I’m sorry that…”
Anthony,
Winter Soldier
Peter faints.
Tony accepts the mug with a smile.
Romanoff sends him a look. Smartly, he ceases to complain.
” he says, not glancing up, and Tony just really wants to yell,
All from Tony's mind.
“So much more,” she whispers.
Tony doesn't eat breakfast, even though he should— they have a game on Wednesday. As soon as the leaves start changing colors, he tries to eat three full meals, and to get a proper sleep schedule. His dad always wanted him to be a football player, and Tony didn't want to do any sports, but he indulges Howard's dream son fantasies every year and joins the soccer team. Tony's parents never show up to any of his games, but Jarvis always does and athletic status never hurts Tony's popularity. Tony can handle soccer — it's now just another thing that he does for his image.
Tony softens. He goes on his tiptoes to gently kiss Steve's temple then kisses Steve's forehead for good measure. “You're a big softie, Steve Rogers.”
Tony straightens as the two approach, eyes flickering to a cowering Cross every once in awhile. He looks scared shitless. Good.
Tony feels an itching feeling creep up his hands from where he watches. Oh, fucking hell. What if they don’t like them? What if they all simultaneously decide to trash them, and then kick Tony out in the snow? What if — Oh, god, what if Steve thinks his gift is ridiculous, and looks at Tony, like he’s seeing him for real, all of the nasty parts of him —
, Tony thinks, and he starts to lean in when there’s a loud shifting noise — Sharon is turning on the couch above them, most likely to face their side.
“Sir? Is everything alright?” he asks immediately.
Tony Stark. Steve Rogers. Steve...
Rumlow stiffens. “Good job, Cross, you dumb fuck.” he mutters, because, for all his talk about 'bitches’, even Rumlow knows you don't fuck with
It's, in a way, stupid how beautiful he is.
i'll try my best to get a new chapter out next week! i hope this one was worth the wait and that tony singing was a lot of second-hand embarrassment because it was for me and i wrote it :D
“Bye, Mom,” Steve says weakly.
The group said it was a welcome-to-Marvel-Middle prank. He'd already been there for a third of the school year.
Tony’s throat aches. He wants to turn; leave. Never hear what Steve thinks he has to tell his schoolyard tormentor before he walks out on his life.
Tony's eyes widen. He straightens, coming off the wall, making the blonde (Hayley? Hilly?) giggle and capture his lips in a kiss. Momentarily distracted, Tony kisses back, but her lips eventually sneak back down, now to his sternum, and Tony's eyes wrench away, falling to T'Challa's retreating back, and to —
Sam sighs. “And I told you no improv!”
“No, you're all still doing the drills,” he says slowly.
Wilson actually cracks a smile at that. “Oh, no doubt. But I'd like to get a bit of a punch in there.”
Saw you last summer, but I miss you like heck,
But — unsurprisingly — that turns into a Big Deal.
“So, we just…” Bucky imitates slamming the button on the screen.
“Yeah, bought it with my money and ate all of it during a movie marathon,” Steve sighs. “My tongue is numb to the taste of pepperoni now.”
Pepper suppresses a smile.
Bucky rolls his eyes. “Give me that.”
And Tony was going on this date before he even knew about it.
“Thank you for that, Mr. Hogan.”
He doesn't get too close to Bucky, but it's not so concerning. Tony Stark and Steve Rogers are
Peter shows them the image of the beautiful woman, and Mr. Rhodes lets out an exhale. “Sounds like Tony's kind of partner,” he says vaguely.
Carter tilts her head. The air changes around them — it seems to get colder. The boys shift.
Tony swipes most of the pillows from Steve. “Happy, dear?”
Tony lets out the softest scoff. “Steve Rogers.
“Tony, stop that, I'm not helping you or any of your friends play a prank on that poor New Yorker kid, especially after Sharon told me everything's he's been through this year — ”
Tony squints. “Dig deeper.”
Sam raises one right back. “Santa will pass right over the house if we don't.”
Tony settles on the couch, feeling extra warm as he looks out the window to the wintery scene — Paul’s knitwork is immaculate. Bruce clears his throat. “Now can we open the mysterious ones?”
Steve makes a noise. “Would you — Really, we can bake anything. And we have... Coffee, and stuff.”
They both could've died, and they'd have never known what this night feels like. Never know that the other wanted it.
Tony goes back to his following list. He finds
Steve frowns. “That's
They were quick. Efficient. Even Rumlow.
Tony sees it coming. From miles away. But Howard's fist connects with Tony's face before Tony can register that he's actually going to do it.
“Tony!”
Peter flicks open the envelope. He looks up.
Steve rolls his eyes before elbowing Barnes back. “No, you should
, and taps on it.
Steve laughs and Wilson grunts. “Steve. What is he doing here?”
“Nah.” Tony shakes his head. “You're funny.”
Distantly, fireworks and butterflies and a screeching excitement was taking place in Tony’s mind, but at that moment, it was quiet. There was only the snow falling on their heads, their cold noses brushing each other, Steve’s soft lips moving under his. Tony’s mind, finally, was at peace.
Tony can't help himself.
Rogers and Carter look over. Rogers's jaw clenches, but Carter simply raises an eyebrow.
“I think I'm gay.”
After that is a blur of ice cream and more Christmas movies. Before anyone really realizes it, Sam's phone starts blaring
Someone half-naked roughly pushes past him, and Tony's shoved into the wall. Staying there, he leans his head against the surface, eyes falling shut. He's okay. He's okay. He's —
Tony shrugs nonchalantly. “Yet you still seem to be like nothing I've ever seen before.”
But Steve loses his beautiful blush, loses the smile. His lips even turn down a bit at the corners. Concentrated, he speaks slowly, “What is it, Tony?”
Tony nearly face palms. Luckily, the Dean, Phil Coulson, starts his trek down the 'R' row at that moment, briskly getting to their section. Tony leans back down to his seat, but still peeks over his shoulder.
“Rogers, I lost a tooth,” Tony laughs. Steve flushes.
“Mr. Stark,” Peter interrupts. “The place is perfect. And I talked to Bucky for a long time with the Thanos stuff going on, and he will be one hundred percent fine with everything.”
“But,” Steve says slowly, turning and smiling a bit bashfully, “I'm willing to make one up for you. How about a box of these pan dulce? Our baker spent three years in Mexico perfecting the recipes. He even learned Spanish.”
“Nice costume,” he tells Rogers, who brightens.
Cross eyes his phone. “Six more hours, boys.”
“I'm — I'm just here for the usual, Barnes,” Tony says, tone just a bit defensive.
Peter shrugs in Tony's peripheral. “And so, you, uh. Identify as bisexual?”
One thing led to another. Now Tony knows the full force of knowing Steve's well-being is better off without
Steve nudges him lightly. “You okay?” he whispers.
And then when the school year started, Steve's name was spreading like a wildfire across every hallway, from seniors to freshmen, and Tony didn't listen to a single rumor until his eyes finally landed on Steve.
Sarah laughs. “Okay, then. Tony, when they've all eaten, serve it any way you want. Stevie can help you, but don't let him near the ice cream.”
Tony sighs. Rogers purses his lips, visibly looking for a new subject, and Tony takes pity on him.
Steve nudges him. “You are.”
Steve groans, laughing. “Actually, I tried hard to forget them.”
Steve’s eyes narrow. “Is that a yes?”
Barnes splutters before launching into an argument that the other guys jump into, as well. Steve looks at Tony, apologetically, but Tony just kind of is awed. The arguing doesn't seem new, yet all of them are so unashamedly supportive and protective of each other even with these disputes. If Tony told Ty off like Romanoff is doing to Wilson, Ty would've painted Tony's room bright pink and dip Tony's clothes in pink, as well. And Tony would've done the same. Yet they all just… Move on from it.
Tony looks at his boyfriend pointedly. “I'm not exactly a role model of the perfect hero.”
Tony gives the boy a withering look. “Yeah, did you ever consider that I'm just
“Stop it, Tony,” Pepper snaps. “Don’t do that. Not with me.”
When the Grinch is eating a glass bottle on-screen, Lang snorts. “That looks like my pops.”
He's in the mood for some M&M's.
Steve’s hugging him tightly. Tony, hesitantly, lets his arms wrap around him, before tucking his face into his shoulder. Steve’s arms encompass him neatly, his scent clean and Steve, and his hair tickles Tony’s forehead, and it’s —
Steve shrugs. “Let me go with you? Please?”
Ty chokes on air. Tony bites his lip, eyes twinkling as he looks to Rogers, whose eyebrow is arched high. Rogers’ eyes catch his, and Tony's lips quirk up, just on one side. Rogers turns red.
“Teachers need laptops,” Tony argues. “And nurses need them, too.”
Six more hours.
1200. See you once you get out of school?
sixteen,” Tony says plainly. Howard shrugs. Tony scrambles for words. “I — I wouldn't be able to pass tests for college yet, I can't — ”
Tony blinks at the greeting, then breathes out, “You could do a lot of things for me.”
There's five boxes of pizza stacked on the table, including a cheese, supreme, triple meat, and two pepperonis. Thor's already eating a slice. He smiles at Tony through cheese. Tony huffs out a laugh.
“Like Steve would,” Sam agrees slowly.
“Dad, mom, my butler, Rhodey, probably Sarah Rogers because she's suspiciously all-knowing,” Tony lists. “And... All of you.”
He smiles at Tony. “The usual?”
God, he's ridiculous.
“OH MY GOD!”
“HUG TIME!”
Ignoring his list of notifications and his accumulation of direct messages, Tony turns his phone off in favor of staring at the ceiling.
Jarvis is cool like that.
work for you — ”
Steve's eyes widen, an emotion sparking up that Tony barely catches. He clears his throat. “That — That so?”
also tony really needs to grow a spine
, Tony had thought. He wonders if Rogers thought so, too.
It's the first day of Thanksgiving break when Tony comes home and Jarvis is waiting for him at the door.
“Your mother pressed me to tell you that it's time to pack up your room.”
Rogers gently dismisses him with a slight wave of hand. “It’s fine. Christmas gift.” He gives a small, adorable smile. Tony hopes Rogers can't hear the frantic beat of his heart.
Paul comes in moments later, and it’s suddenly a flurry of movement. “We do Secret Santa,” Steve explains with a smile. They both settle into sitting with their backs against the couch. “Everyone’s looking for the gift with their name on it, and then we guess who got us.” He leans in conspiratorially. “I got Sam this year.”
“You know I couldn't even if I wanted to,” Steve shoots back, hand sliding down to pinch Tony's bottom. Tony yelps, then prances away, outside of Steve's arms. Steve laughs.
Sam grumbles. “Well, Tony gets first pick tomorrow.”
“I love you,” Tony says, voice cracking shamelessly. “I love you.”
The piece of shit didn't work anyways.
Tony laughs a little. “No doubt Barnes will bask in that.”
Tony flushes bright red. “I’m really not… He’s supposed to be able to — ”
“Really? You think he forgot about you? Sorry, man, that just doesn't sound right after you told me that story when you went back to the bakery to his friends,” Rhodey counters skeptically. Tony looks away.
Coulson is... Infected.
“You’re all so weak,” she says blandly. “You can't even own up to it.”
Rumlow is wheezing as he watches Cross make a show of slowly lowering his shendyt down to cover his ass.
Tony gives a drier smile. “Somehow I don't think your touches are gonna end up with us doing the spanky-spanky.”
which then leads him to —
trigger warning for domestic abuse, please check the end-notes for more info!
Sam flicks the envelope open.
Tony doesn't know what he wants.
And it works.
Steve's yawning in the passenger seat, snug in a blanket, all while grinning smugly.
Realization hits Tony in the stomach.
Tony. And that's all any of us have ever wanted for you.”
Honestly, nothing has gotten better for Tony's part of the Steve Rogers Situation. Including Tony's confusion on how Rogers manages to recruit people into the Gay Is Okay Group. The weird, emo, sophomore twins, Wanda and Pietro Maximoff, had invited him and the rest of his friends to their birthday party. They'd posted a picture where they smushed Rogers in between them, an obvious statement. Pietro's beat two mile records for his age group. Wanda's the head of a hell of a lot of clubs that Tony can't even bother to name, and they're just new pieces to the Rogers puzzle. And the guidance counselor, Maria Hill, shook Rogers's hand on school grounds. Teachers are now breaking the rules for Rogers, and it's bothering the fuck out of Tony.
Psst! Someone just sent you a FlickLove!
“What the hell, Jarvis,” he asks, tone serious but his lips are twitching. “What the hell was he doing? Give me the answers.”
Tony can only distantly correlate what's happening to reality. Stone's tense next to them. They're both not made for this part — it's why Stone never actively hurt Rogers, or why Tony never went farther than the planning.
Romanoff pokes him in the butt. He shoots up, grabbing his butt. Romanoff cracks a smile at his affronted look.
, this is
Tony clears his throat. “Uh.”
i just snorted out milk don't make me laugh steve
He just kind of looks pissed.
Dr. Banner takes Peter's phone from him.  “That doesn't make sense.”
Barnes huffs. “I think we should toss 'im, Sarah.”
“Get a room!” Banner groans. “C’mon, guys.”
compatible with,” Sam tells them as he flicks open the first envelope. He clears his throat. Eyes the picture. Nods.
Except over the summer from sophomore year to junior year, Rogers had disappeared from the face of the earth, according to Ty, who always talked to Sunset Bain, who's 'close friends' with Loki Odinson, whose brother is Thor Odinson, who's a football player who doesn't hang out with football players and instead hangs out with people like Steve Rogers.
“Tony, I — ” he falters. “Thank God you're okay, I couldn't — If you got hurt and I wasn't there — ”
Tony nods rapidly. “Fantastic. You?”
Shooting up, Tony listens more closely.
Tony blinks, eyes adjusting. Rhodey's face is inches away from him, and worried. Tony shakes his head.
Tony goes to question them but Steve quickly grins and says, “What does it look like to you? It's a tall man in red, and that's pretty much it. Actually inspired from when my friend Gabe Jones and I went to see the Guardians play which is just — wow, and...”
Steve opens his mouth to talk, but someone talks over him. “Ooh, who do we not like?”
“Not at all,” Tony says cheerfully.
Romanoff ignores him. “When Rumlow told us that you were the one who thought of those pranks? Pretty surprised, gotta admit.”
like people with heart problems.” Sam says it. Natasha reaches behind her, grabs a roll of paper towels, and throws it at his head. Sam barely ducks in time.
Steve's lips start to twitch into a smile, but then it stops. “And… This isn't a prank?”
“Steve, I — ” Tony stutters, and, frustrated, he steps closer, into Steve’s space, making the other’s eyes widen comically. Determined, Tony continued. “When I first saw you, I knew it was over for me. I knew that I was going to either go insane and follow you to the ends of the earth, or go insane and never get to have you. If you thought I was everything, I thought I was nothing without you. I felt — I felt lost
It's quiet for a moment.
Tony's heart rackets out of his chest. He stares at the photo.
Tony quietly continues scrolling through his timeline when he hears the first yell.
“Was entertaining enough to make you forget about it?” Tony fills.
Paul straightens his shoulders, tightens his jaw, flares his nostrils, and arches one eyebrow. It's terrifyingly intimidating.
The second one is Sam Wilson. It's Wednesday and the block schedule tells Tony that he has English, which has both Wilson and Rogers in it. The football goons are all bunched together on one side of the room, horizontal to Rogers and as soon as Tony sits down, he feels eyes burning into the side of his face.
The camera's slightly blurred in the corner, obviously trying to be hidden from view, but Rumlow's broad figure is distinct, and his face every once in a while turns to the camera, smiling wide like he's doing amazing. The camera shakes a bit, like the person recording is laughing, and it turns momentarily to the side, zooming in on an instructor, whose shoulders are also shaking. The video ends on Rumlow again, right when he tries to kick the bag, but ends up overestimating his strength, because his other leg fails him, sending him to the ground. The camera falls over, then the footage turns off.
Tony, slightly amazed and overwhelmingly confused as he always is with Steve, starts looking through the better tech he has on hand for gift ideas. His mind fires off, making connections with the stories he collected from the evening, and he gets everything together easily enough — he then starts the gruesome process of making sure everything is perfect because nothing is worse than a broken present.
Tony guesses that after Monday, it's not very black anymore.
“Well,” Tony says eventually, spinning on his feet. Steve doesn’t reply.
Steve looks like he's about to fall over. Tony can't blame him. He feels a bit like his world is falling apart, too.
“What?” Scott gapes.
“Well, boys,” she hums. “Looks like Tony did our job for us. Tap that Accept button.”
because it's Nat's turn, okay? We can binge all of the ones you guys want tomorrow.”
to know all of that. So Tony just shrugs.
“Since you questioned me, I feel obliged to ask you some questions myself,” Tony tells the side of Steve's face.
“Okay, that’s enough!” Steve orders. “Everyone settle down until Ma — ”
Bruce clears his throat. “It wasn't something that we wanted to
Surprised until he sees it's Steve Rogers.
“No problem!” Tony says, cheerfully. “Anytime!”
They're silent for awhile. It doesn't really matter to Tony, because he's wondering if there's somehow to coerce Rogers in the car without giving off the impression that he cares or wants Rogers to be there, but the quiet apparently gets to Rogers, because he clears his throat, awkwardly, making Tony look over to him.
“Here's your coffee, and... Here's your concha. Enjoy, Mr. Stark.”
Nat sighs. “That was just sad. Anyway, if/when you do find someone, are you still going to have this whole 'I miss Mhmm Mhmhm' beard, or are you gonna go back to the clean, not-a-hobo look?”
“That was me when you found me today, Rogers.”
He shakes his head. He cannot be comprised for this mission, there's too much at stake. He cannot be comprised for this mission, there's too much at stake. He cannot be comprised for this mission, there's too —
Tony opens his mouth.
Tony, bringing up the subject simply to lessen his embarrassment and knowing fully well why Peter didn't do his Midterm presentation because him and May had tea just yesterday, let's his mind slightly wander off, because, well — now the
Sam sighs. “Because Steve has super soldier hearing, and I... Don't really wanna do this in front of him.”
Tony patiently waits till Steve comes back out and silently freaks out that he's been interacting with Steve Rogers for a good half hour.
Rogers will be one of the first ones to get to his locker because his classroom is just diagonal to the 500 Hall. The blast area won't hurt many more people than him.
you into, and if the circumstances hadn't had turned out the way they did, we wouldn't have planned a date for you already, but — ”
“Constantly,” he confirms. Steve laughs.
“Well, then I'm glad you came over instead of doing all of the things you had planned.”
Which he is. The illusion was nice, that's all.
Steve furrows his eyebrows. “I… Okay? I mean. Okay? Just uh, again, keep me updated? Thanks.”
Howard snaps. “Well, you aren't, are you?”
Bucky shrugs when Steve looks at him next. “I do agree, though. You should get out there, get over... Mhmhm.”
“An old man has to keep his secrets, doesn't he?” Jarvis replies kindly.
Peter takes a deep breath, then flicks open the first electronic envelope. “Your — Sorry, Mr. Stark's first match is with Eliza Huang. She's 39 years old, lives in rural New York, and has a ten-year-old daughter named Iris. Her husband died in Afghanistan nearly eleven years ago. Miss Huang's a historical fiction writer, and has been nominated for and won a variety of writing awards. She needs someone who can help raise Iris, but also knows their limits. The rest of her information is private, unless we decide we wanna pick her.”
Tony sighs. Rhodey. That's… That's relieving. Rhodey's basically his brother, he'll…
blue eyes?
sound, before Steve says, “Pull-up bar. What else was I supposed to do?”
Sarah stares at him for a moment longer, then beams. “Then come on, Tony! These three lumps are useless in the kitchen, and I need some help on preparing all of the dessert that the other lumps will stuff themselves full of.”
Natasha hums. “We could show up late and then it'll be four days.”
Tony hums, turning to the table and shuffling through paperwork that Pepper sent over — yeah, that's a week ago. “
for the living requirements for an ex-soldier who went through as much stuff as Barnes, so I think I might — ”
“About what?” Tony mutters, setting the pies down and taking the fudge out.
that was so long ago. But he, of course, can remember it like yesterday — and how he felt. It was just a few days before the whole Ultron mess started, and Tony had finally accepted one of Steve's offers of dinner. Steve had been ecstatic. It was after Tony's show of brilliance with the Mandarin and Steve's mess with Bucky and the fall of SHIELD, but even with all of that, Steve couldn't help but think of Tony. All the time. So he sent Tony an invite to a restaurant,
It shouldn't bother him as much as it does.
“So, you kids will have the house alone for a moment or two,” Sarah says. Thor perks up.
(also, i updated the tags on this! these new tags are definitely important, so if there's one that you think i'm missing, feel free to share :))
“No, it's fine, Tony,” Steve hurries to reassure. Tony shrugs in agreement and feels relief come over him. The rest of the group are suspiciously smug. It's only slightly confusing because most of the things this group of people does are confusing.
to punch Hodge.”
“Like we don't know why you're ‘gay’ all of a sudden,” Hammer sneers. “It’s because you couldn't fit any girl's standards. Honestly, you shouldn't even have any standards because then you'll get no one. Not even another ass-fucker.”
comic. He slides off his unneeded glasses in awe. The art of the cover is contrasting, the old style in the background and the newer styles present in the character's suit. The armor glints proudly in the middle, not consuming the image, but obviously the main focus of the work. The usually robotic looking suit seems to actually have a man underneath it. It speaks wonders. Tony doesn't even think you'd have to flip through some pages to know if the rest of the art was sufficient or not.
Steve blinks, in rapid succession, at him.
Tony’s head thuds against the floor, half of Steve’s body falling on top of him.
So maybe Tony didn't have to worry about that — the rules, and what would happen if people found out that he broke them. But that doesn't take away from the fact that he… he was all over Rogers.
“What?” Nat asks.
Bruce winces. Peter makes another high-pitched noise. Vision stiffens, uncomfortable, and Rhodey sighs. “Tony, c'mon — ”
“Anyways!” he continues, grinning. “She went back to the world, hooked a job for some engineering firm, and, like she seems to do everywhere, climbed her way up to the top, working for — Holy shit. I know this lady!”
Tony, as he does with Steve Rogers, gawks. But just a bit.
Nat sends Sam an apologetic look. “I told you he'd know.”
weeks before Christmas and Tony's already handing out gifts,” Rumlow coos. “How kind.”
nothing's broken?”
The caption says: ‘My girl and me’. Tony hmphs.
Steve's lips make a little 'o’ shape. It's stupidly adorable.
When the door swings open, Thor Odinson’s there, sadness etched deep into his features.
“Yeah,” Mr. Rhodes says, hands held in anxiety.
Tony sighs. “You stay here, alright? I’ll be right back.”
“This had to have been from Steve,” Sam’s declaring, as he carefully cradles a notebook with a beautiful painting of wings on the cover. Steve grins, and Sam smiles back. “Thanks, Steve.”
“Plus, that's what got me in that junior slut's pants,” Rumlow wriggled his eyebrows. “Freshman year was great!”
He's wandering to the drink section, arms overflowing with candy packets, singing,
Tony actually smiles back, albeit still uncomfortable. “It… That's good. This is all… This is good. Especially that... we're doing it for the Army? Anyway, when are you leaving?”
“Sir is currently under the pretense of looking for you in Captain Rogers' wing of the compound, but he is in reality tidying up the rooms in anticipation for the Saturday move-in.”
Thor jumps up. “A solar-paneled toaster!” Tony feels particularly vindicated with that excitement.
Tony can't seem to paste a convincing smirk on his face, so he just nods in response. “Rogers. I… This is my table.”
Tony was born and raised in Timely, and he was a rich, popular kid who was an awesome soccer player, and was barely hanging onto his middle school status due to his lack of actually caring about certain social aspects, so he had to act accordingly.
Sam awkwardly clears his throat. “Thank you for telling us?”
“We don't need to ask him that one,” Nat mutters, scrolling past one question on the list.
“What do you want me to do, then?” Tony snapped back. “Can’t turn back time. Rogers will always have that wrecked event in his life!”
But he hung out with Steve Rogers, instead.
There's only a short splatter of laughter before Wilson stands, shrugging Rogers protests off. “You say anything to him again, you touch him again, you do anything to him and I'll rip you to shreds.”
“Hi, Pep, please don't kill me, I'm gonna be there in like, three seconds, so,” Tony gnaws his lip, “yeah, don't kill me, please!”
“Owner's orders,” he confirms. Tony scrunches his nose up.
Steve tsks. “And disappoint them in the morning?”
Tony clears his throat.
“Okay, Tony.”
Tony turns and walks away.
“What do you want, Tony?” Rhodey complains as soon as he arrives. “I've got that meeting with the recruitments in like fifteen minutes.”
Tony sighs. “Sounds perfect, Parker.”
“Then what am I supposed to gift you?” he asks, rather than directly responding to Steve’s proclamation.
“Hey, I wanna be a banana, I like bananas,” Bucky complains, and Sam glares at him.
“Shit,” he says, and he scratches the back of his head. “The answer's no on the first one, but the rest are all yes.”
Tony gapes. Snaps his mouth shut. Winces.
“Then I’ll fail them,” Tony shoots back.
“Buck's orders?” he hums. Sam gives a small smirk.
Bruce clears his throat. “But we really need your attention.”
Tony shakes his head. “It's really — No. I — This isn't... I'm fine. Really.”
Nat gives him a soft smile. “Yeah.”
Tony groans outwardly, shoving his face into his pillows. He has
“It’s Tuesday. Right? It's Tuesday, right, Bucky?” Steve’s firing off as soon as he walks into the kitchen.
He's no stranger to glares. He's just a stranger to glares coming from the people who are sending them today.
“One pink concha, Barnes! And a straight black!”
The snow continues falling, the world keeps turning, even though Tony feels like his feet have been pulled out beneath him.
“We watch this every year,” Wilson complains.
Jarvis grumbles. “It makes me beyond upset that you're so happy about moving from your home, Sir.”
Bucky's frowning. His metal hand is gripping a
Vision makes a noise that sounds like a sigh. “Despite Mr. Parker's lacking gravitas, it
Jarvis is there quickly, though. With them both with him, Tony doesn't feel too bad.
Jarvis stares at him. Then grabs the plate of food behind him and takes a slice of toast off, offering it to Tony. “Take this, at least.”
Tony sighs, the mention making it throb. “My social life is so terrible right now, it's a blessing that I'm gonna be the youngest kid at college next year.”
Romanoff leans against the counter. “You're brave, Tony.”
“C’mon, sweetheart, we can beat them,” Steve says, standing.
Rogers snaps. “That’s the word!”
“Are people even still saying that?” Tony asks casually.
Steve doesn't do a thing besides pressing his lips together gently.
Steve frowns. “I wasn't pitying you.” Then says, “Plus, you forgot your M&Ms in the car.”
— cheeks go a little pink. “E-Excuse me?”
Wilson's still removing his winter clothes when the next person, Scott Lang, comes in. He only arches an eyebrow while grinning at Tony before heading to the kitchen to scour for food. He's closely followed by Bruce Banner, who wearily greets Tony then starts questioning Wilson about something regarding birds, which Wilson eagerly jumps on the topic of, and they disappear in the living room where Barnes and Romanoff are most likely making out. By the following shrieks, they almost definitely were.
Bucky shrugs, taking a spoon out of the wrapper and snatching a caramel sundae. “If they weren't, Stevie would've been out the door by now. Stop worrying.”
,” Steve hums.
Jarvis arches an eyebrow. “In the sense of the fact that he would give kindergartners that were close to the same size of him piggybacks kind of frustrating, or
Pepper's gonna have his skin.
“'Definitely'?” Tony asks.
“I'm sure they aren't,” Tony argues, but hands the sketchbook back anyways, “and also, I was totally right. You could definitely make a living off of drawings like that.”
“So, now we just… Wait?” Dr. Banner asks.
. He taps the most recent post.
Steve stays quiet. Then; “Tony... When was the last time you slept?”
“Sir, Mr. Rhodes has sent an... Expressive recording,” FRIDAY reports back. “Would you like me to play it?”
He almost ruined the most beautiful thing he’s ever had.
Tony swallows back some panic. Rumlow grins, eyeing the two, who are waving Thor goodbye. “Well, why don't we — ”
Tony sighs. “Agreed. But, Jarvis…” He gives a cursory look around, before continuing, “I'm kind of on the top of the world right now.”
“How long has this been going on?” Steve murmurs. He's gripping the spoon in his hand really tight. Tony shrugs.
It's all a puzzle. And damn it, Tony loves puzzles, so he's sure as hell gonna solve this one, the only problem being that it all centers around one constant.
When Steve leaves the kitchen, (most likely to make sure all of their tiny amount of things are packed again) Natasha and Bucky turn their heads to glare at Sam.
And he'll most likely never see him again.
Tony's mom steps forward. “Howard — ”
“He shows some shred of knowledge,” Bruce intones lightly.
Tony gives a startled laugh. “Rogers, you're a horrible — ”
Rogers nudges her. “Nat, stop, don't — ”
Steve’s breathing escalates, but he’s going now, and there’s no going back. “I thought — I thought you were gorgeous, and stunning, and you seemed funny, and so
Which must be what makes Tony blurt. “But we can walk. Before. Before I call a car down? If — If you want to?”
Tony wraps his arms around his neck. “For however long you’ll have me.”
also, i wanted to post this before christmas, as there's still another christmas chapter, though i'm not sure whether it'll be released by then. either way, i hope you enjoyed this one!! tony's growth has just skyrocketed, hasn't it? :D
things now.”
Dr. Banner shakes his head. “No, he would. When Tony dropped by in New York and explained the whole thing to me, Steve also came to ask me some questions about biotechnology. Tony had gotten Harley a lot of presents for his help, and Steve asked about it so Tony gave him a quick briefing.” Dr. Banner smiles ruefully. “Believe it or not, they were even more tongue-tied around each other back then. Anyway, with Steve's eidetic memory… He should've been able to remember that. I do.”
Steve, upon realization that everyone in the room was staring at him, unamused and exasperated, sheepishly looks for a way out of his rambling. His eyes land on Sam's discarded StarkPad. Oh,
When they're outside of the cafeteria, Rhodey looks like he already knows what this is about. Tony pulls him further down the hallway, down to the bathrooms. Rhodey's sighing.
“Of course,” Peter promises.
Tony's still obsessed with watching him. In his luck, though — everyone's watching him today.
Mr. Wilson plops down on the mere five inches that's left of the bench Vision and Dr. Banner reside on while Bucky pulls up a chair and sits on it with his arms resting on the back which faces the table.
Tony uselessly shrugs. “Extremely lucky? Anyway, his friends are all here, and we all kind of… bonded? And Steve's mom and Sam Wilson's dad are my new best friends, basically. It's really weird, but also really…”
Tony looks away, clearing his throat.
Steve sighs. “No alcohol, no drugs, no sex, and no physical fighting because of what happened to Bucky.”
Tony steels himself. Rhodey. They need to talk.
calm and displays his anger even though he's not visibly angry. Waiters being rudely ignored as Mr. Stark's and Mr. Rogers's unresolved sexual tension takes over their manners, and other diners leaving, appalled at the behavior of two of the most well-known guys in the world.
Tony hmphs. “Sam!”
Steve looks at him, then, and smiles lightly. “They’re all gonna hate you because they weren’t able to get anything for you in return. I’m kind of hating you right now.”
Tony gnaws his lip, but is saved by thunderous knocks.
“So. My name is Sarah Rogers,” she introduces. “I'm a nurse from Centennial Medical, and I help oversee the health department here at SA.”
then it enters the
Tony blinks. “Uh.”
Thor nods. “I’ll be leaving earlier.”
Rumlow sends an appreciative look his way. Hammer nearly beams.
“Steve, here’s yours!”
Thoughts of Rogers doing that with someone echoes in the back of Tony's mind for the majority of the night, even when he's a bit delirious off of alcohol. It's kinda stupid and at the same time sad and pathetic.
Sarah smiles pleasantly at him. “How good are you at making fudge?”
Steve Rogers. In slippers, a white shirt, and sweat pants with rainbow ankles.
I'm in Timely, but I'm not going to Marvel High till
“Okay,” Tony says quietly, sitting down.
familiar, since it was where — in that sweet period of time when Rogers finally saw past his initial opinions of Tony but before Ultron and the Accords and Siberia — Rogers had invited Tony to, out of annoyingly earnest politeness, two separate times. Right before the battle in which they acquired Loki's scepter, Tony had finally accepted on Rogers's third attempt, and
r,” he coos, winking at Tony. Tony shoves out a laugh, before sitting in the chair Ty previously resided in.
of having one with Steve Rogers. Never mind that, he can, it was last week —
Not five minutes later, she's pulling him to the side of the room, her hands edging to his pants. Tony's near drunk.
The day is tortuously uneventful.
Steve feels his chest ache. “I — I like it a lot. Y'know, maybe the, uh. The styled goatee isn't a total problem. A look that says something, right? Stands out?”
The man goes to continue gushing, but she lightly dismisses him. “Now, I know you've brought your little girl with you. Go on, John, show the lady a good time.”
Because this time…
Rogers. Flattered is an interesting way to put it. A bit formal for this, don't you think?
Tony purses his lips. “My dad is moving us to California because he's now making the big kind of guns. Stark Arms is staying up for a while here before Howard shuts it down and takes away a lot of people's jobs. Yesterday I finished exams and am going to be sent off to MIT or CalTech by the time I'm seventeen. And… And you are the only person attending Marvel High School that knows all of this.” He shrugs a bit. “So, Steve Rogers, you are the only person at Marvel High School that I'd love to spend Christmas with.”
“Shit!” Rumlow laughs. “Wilson just got touched by Rogers! He's been Infected!”
Peter gnaws his lip. “So, do I do it? As soon as we choose someone FlickLove's going to send them a notification about it.”
He winks at her, anyway. She and her friends giggle, and Tony sighs when he turns away from them. Where, of course, his eyes then land on the wall of muscle that is the current school hot topic.
Tony exhales.
Tony chokes. “What?
“No,” Sam says sternly. “We have to be mature. Think like Steve.”
“Brucie and the kid, I'm not surprised,” Tony starts. “But Rhodey and Vision, I'm very disappointed in. What did you guys break?”
“And…” Tony exhales. “And Howard's forcing me to go to California and making me graduate early.”
Tony sighs. “No, you can't have the rest of my pie, Lang, I'm sorry.”
So they talk. Steve says the name of the wine perfectly, in contrast to last time, and that's what launches a conversation about how Steve discovered how handy an eidetic memory is in linguistics. He stumbles over the fact that the reason he had to learn was because of all those years on the run, but Tony can't find it in himself to care, so he just nudges Steve and tells him to get on with the story. (Steve gives him another one of those bright smiles.) Tony finds himself relaying stories about the languages he knows, and when he talks about his mom teaching him Italian, he doesn't tense or anything. Steve's expression softens a whole lot, and he tries to apologize but the food comes in, and his stomach audibly growls. Tony laughs while Steve turns as red as the armor. Tony tells him so, which leads them to a conversation on the nanotech and the new armors, which then takes them to arguments on each other's best uniforms (c'mon, Rogers, it's the
Sarah nods. “Okay, everyone heard the rules. I've got some gift-wrapping things to do and last-minute stuff, so I'm going over to Mrs. Meyer's.”
“Exactly what I needed,” he tells him.
Tony idly wanders around the room, picking up slight conversation here and there, grinning charmingly at men and women and commenting to them about certain panels and covers. It's definitely not how Tony would've planned to spend a Saturday night, but he supposes it's better than being at one of the stuffy galleries where there's seemingly endless amounts of the same art over and over again.
Tony's sitting cross-legged on the couch with a slice of cheese when the Grinch's heart expands in his chest. He glances at Steve.
A weapons company, working with the government, and turning their measly millions-a-year intake into something nearing… Nearing
“Hurray,” Steve cheers under his breath.
Tony arches a brow. “Rogers? Yeah, he's the — ” His mouth won't comply, and he can't—
Tony's eyes snap to Steve's blue ones. Steve grins at him.
When he finally gets home, Jarvis is waiting for him. His eyes are apologetic.
Tony nods slowly. “Nice to meet you, too. When I was in third grade, I thought that if I believed in myself enough that I would fly, so I thought really hard before jumping off my house's second-story balcony.” He opens his mouth wide and points at one of his canines. “Thatssa fake toof.” He informs Steve and Barnes.
It's usually the only class Tony wants to attend.
“It’s just Thor,” Steve argues, as Barnes gawks and protests, “It took you two years to lift the exile I had from sleeping over at Steve's!”
Tony huffs. “Yes, mom.”
). Nat just smirks.
Tony's eyes widen, mouth gaping open. Clint's on the side, obviously listening in, but finishing his order.
You can't stay here, Anthony.”
Tony furrows his eyebrows, opening his mouth to question what the deal is, when Jarvis says, “Your father is here.”
i think i should be able to post once a week from now on! and the next chapter, by far, is my favorite.
“Why does she got a little red check next to her name?” Bucky asks.
Then Rogers starts shaking his head. He has a sad, twisted little smile on his lips.
“Fuck, I'm gonna piss myself,” Rumlow's whispering to the table. “I can't wait to see his fucking face.”
Mr. Wilson makes a betrayed noise. He looks around the table, but Bucky is intently studying his metal arm, Dr. Banner is picking at the table top, Vision is pointedly staring at his shirt for an unknown reason, and Mr. Rhodes is staring purposefully out the window.
Steve’s face screwed up. “How much of it?”
The next day, Tony sees Rogers a lot, and he can't help but be more animate. In English, he volunteers for the monthly play that everyone always reads in monotone, and reads the lines like it's a Shakespearean production. The teacher actually cheers him on, and most people join in because that's what teenagers do. And, at the peak of his performance, Tony looks to Rogers, and he's smiling wide and bright and he's laughing. Because of Tony.
“Steve
Tony looks over at him. “But it is.”
Tony huffs. “Even if he was around, I wouldn’t let you tattle to him about me.”
He throws a glance over his shoulder, his eyes widen enormously, and he shoves his eyes back to his screen. “Uh, Steve? Whatcha doing back there?”
That's a relief.
"You've definitely grown! And so has Steve, but not so much in some areas..."
Tony shakes his head, frantically, in denial. Steve says it anyway.
Cross's eyes widen.
“Mr. Stark, you really don't have to do this,” he insists warily. “You've always been extremely kind and generous, but fixing our coffee machine with no charge is too much, and you're a — a
He grins winningly at Rogers. Rogers gives the softest and nicest smile Tony's ever seen.
Bucky complies, not without a suspicious squint at Tony.
Three weeks ago, a jock had thrown a football in the 500 Hall. His buddy tried to catch it but it tipped off of his fingers, flinging to the ceiling and ripped the camera off of its position on the wall. The school hasn't replaced it yet.
Something in Coulson's face softens. Tony tilts his head. That's just not natural.
Natasha sighs. “All of that unresolved sexual tension that's been amounting for close to a decade is going to be used up, now. What were we thinking?”
“I can sleep next to someone else, instead — ” he tries.
Tony nods compliantly. “Most people need more time than I do.”
Howard rears toward him. “You talk like that to me again, boy — ”
Hence new kid was now skinny kid who fought and had an accent, and Tony was helpless to do much other than gawk at him. (It soon became A Thing, embarrassingly enough.)
“Will I have to do it for you, Mr. Parker?” FRIDAY asks, and as the group laughs, the mood lightens but only by a little.
“What is it?” Tony asks.
Jarvis arches an eyebrow at that before turning back to his meal, and Tony looks back down at his phone. He goes back to the comment section, and there's already a multitude of comments, but none of Rogers's group says anything besides one more from Lang:
Tony tsks. “I think Ms. Rogers would get to it before you, Wilson.”
“That's my name, don't wear it out,” he winks at Clint, leaning softly on the counter. “What do you want, picture, autograph? I don't sign skin unless it's considered appropriate for cameras, my CEO made it a rule.”
a date.
interested in dating again. Or no strings attached sex. His libido hasn't even changed with time (what, do you think he's your everyday middle-aged male, no,
The restaurant,
Rogers is holding a little bag of M&M's to Tony. Tony stares at it, then stares at Rogers. Rogers blushes.
“Stevie,” Bucky says, “you'll just have to trust us on this.”
“Thanks, Parker, but I'll manage,” Mr. Wilson smiles weakly. “Anyway, Nat will protect me.”
There's an outroar of protest. Tony jerks in surprise.
life are two very different things.
Now Tony just needs to learn to deal with Steve Rogers being close to him.
Howard visibly angers at the words. “Any hope, any
Bucky leans forward, eagerly. “Really? How many?”
Or that his flexing back muscles won't ever make him salivate.
Sam shakes his head. “We have to pick her if we wanna know more.”
Tony's lips part. “I — Well… I mean — Really, I'm not — ”
Tony's looked into every stall, underneath the sinks, above the ceiling lamps, and in the trash can, when Rhodey finally groans.
Steve's mouth shuts. Blinks. “Oh?”
Barnes doesn't even look offended when Tony sets the cup back down. He just rolls his eyes, saying, “You and Stevie are both idiots. How long've you two even known each other?”
Tony's irrevocably happy, still.)
He grimaces. It’s time to pull the support team back together.
Sam and Nat make various noises of agreement.
Tony's group is probably the richest, and maybe some of the most well-known, but the rumors revolving around them are...
Tony closes the gap between Steve and himself, and cups Steve's cheeks. He exhales, shakily, and Steve's eyes widen, his cheeks flush, with his mouth gaping open.
Now Tony faces all four sets of puppy eyes, and he groans. He turns away, walking around the table to plop into one of his comfy chairs. He crosses his arms. Opens his mouth. Closes his mouth. Scowls. Pouts. Frowns.
The first person to arrive is Sam Wilson and his dad. Sarah leaves Tony cutting the cookies into little shapes to greet them, halfway through a story of how much Cameron from work is terrible. Tony inhales slowly before following her out.
“Nothing really. Went to a pool party last week, got to talk to some of the engineers here,” Tony says offhandedly.
Tony grins. “I’m at Steve Rogers's house right now.”
“It's Tony,” Tony interrupts. Then he ducks his head back out of the ancient machine. He squints at Steve, who squirms on spot.
Peter blinks, surprised, before a mischievous grin slides over his face. He takes his phone out of his pocket, grinning at it. “Okay, Mr. Stark, I'm doing it.”
Dr. Banner clears his throat. “Should we tell Tony now?”
It wasn't exactly a lie — Steve hadn't been very…
Ty disappears into the crowds, and Tony rolls his eyes, walking away from Rumlow and Cross.
Parker?”
song about being in love, all while carrying an overwhelming amount of M&M bags.
The woman looks down at the reservations. “Yes, of course, your guest is already waiting for you.”
Tony scratches the back of his head. “Yeah, but he was headed to do some errands or something? So it'll take awhile.”
Steve sighs, a little smile on his lips. “Just wait here a second, I'll be right back out and we can drive wherever you need to go.”
Then Peter says, “And you had gotten
Steve rolls his eyes, but it's a fond gesture that makes Tony's heart ring. Annoyingly.
Tony nods, again, walking over, and, in the blink of an eye, Steve flings himself across the room. “Mom and I will give you some privacy,” he says before herding his mother out. They're both short and skinny but, next to his mother, Steve finally seems to be a normal height.
“Oh, uh.” Steve clears his throat. “Well, slightly long story?”
Tony arches an eyebrow at them. “Did you really think your guys’ little tricking games would come out with no punishment?”
Steve rolls into Tony’s side, face red, and Tony just laughs.
who you and your little friends label as the 'actual’ pushovers. We've known each other since I was in seventh grade, Tony, and I always thought you'd eventually realize that — ” She cuts herself off.
. They've grown. And Bucky will grow. So will Tony. They'll all grow. And they'll do it together.
“You guys set me up on a date without even
“Hitch a ride with me.”
Howard sends him a warning look. “Don’t lie to me, Anthony. Not a single person in this room thinks your grades reflect your brain. You're taking the tests by New Year’s.”
Except when Howard finally regains control and calls him some selective slurs.
Most of the class is silent but one of the guys huff. “Protecting your little boyfriend, Wilson?”
warning: things get worse before they get better :/
Cross snorts. “It always seemed too middle school to me, anyways.”
“It’s Heather,” the girl whines into his ear as they disappear upstairs. Tony blinks at their backs.
Tony shrugs, and takes the opportunity to stare at the back of Rogers's head. “I — Well, yeah, I mean, look at them. I'm surprised Rogers isn't bent over right now.”
He has two bags of original M&M's before — “Fuck it.” — ditching his self-control and grabbing bags of all different kinds.
soldier. Peter… He doesn't have anything to worry about. However —
Bucky grunts from behind a
“Oh my — ” Tony, finally, sounds one hundred percent awake. “Steve, I — ”
Howard then smiles like Tony's a new one hundred million dollar contract. “
Coulson has no suspects of who played the prank because he has no proof but by Tuesday morning, everyone's talking about how Coulson is calling it a hate act.
She sighs, looking away momentarily. “No, Mr. Stark, I don't believe he will be able to. Not in time for dinner with the rest of your family, anyways.”
It's enough of a statement that Tony can't quell down his stupid grin or the relief that floods his body and warms his cheeks.
Tony, feeling his throat start to develop a lump, takes a long-lasting look at Steve Rogers, and for the first time in his life allows himself to think it, to admit it, to free the thought —
Scott whines further. Bruce shoves a pillow at his face.
there's a lot of tension building up when howard hits tony. it's a single punch, but it sends tony down a spiral of depression.
“Steve, no,” Tony protests. “You need to sleep.”
Tony waits, shoving his hands in his pockets. “Steve?”
Steve grumbles, but preens underneath the kisses.
Too far. Much too far.
And he doesn't have to worry, it hits him. It's just one last year — it won't bother Howard.
Oh, good God. He's sitting next to Tony. He's sitting next to me. He's very nearly touching —
“Ooh, confident. I hate it,” Mr. Stark deadpans, sliding into one of the chairs, and Peter laughs despite the churning feeling in his stomach.
Tony stiffens. “I’ll explain, Mom, just keep the dog on the leash — ”
“And why you're suddenly defending queers,” Howard snorts.
,” Natasha calls to him. “I told you you were brave.”
“Probably since... You left.”
Tony shrugs. “Compared to other robots running on AI, DUM-E really isn’t that impressive. My college dissertation will need to be on something a bit more advanced.”
“Do you have your...” Steve vaguely motions to the cash register.
but now Steve's smiling shyly at him and okay, wow, it's all worth it.
Bucky hmphs. “That’s stupid.”
“And nurses need them, too!” Sarah argrees through a laugh. “Oh, Tony, I would refuse if I thought you’d take it back.” Tony beams. “Thank you so much for this.”
“Thanks,” Tony deflects, grabbing the M&M's, because even drunk Tony knows that no one is supposed to know about the Harry Potter thing.
At lunch, Tony sits at the table for three minutes before his eyes catch on someone who passes by, and he brightens before waving him over.
Steve’s eyebrows skyrocket. “It can play fetch?”
It's kind of unspoken knowledge in the group that they don't really, at the end of the day, have each other's backs. Admittedly, Tony and Ty have gotten each other out of tight situations, but they've known each other since diapers. Even then, though, they've watched each other be torn down and provided no help, like a reminder that everyone's by themselves — a reminder that they’ve only stayed together for so long because of their fathers. With the others, though — Tony always arches an eyebrow, and Ty always laughs or sighs. It's not that they
, Tony scorns himself.
Tony doesn't respond. He's minutely aware that she's still talking to him, but he really can't find it in himself to care.
Steve, wrapped in a blanket, was staring at Tony from the doorway. He was tired, but alert. He looked almost anxious.
Peter's getting a sense of foreboding. “Uh. Do you think now's the time to tell him that we're actually Mr. Stark's meddling companions and not
“Goodbye, Sir.”
Rumlow huffs, a wet noise because of the blood from his nose, and jerks away from Rogers. “Look who decided to show up, boys.”
“Help, please?”
“Can I help you?” the guy asks. He has shoulder length brown hair, a bit of it pulled up to stay away from his face. His shoulders are broad, his eyes stormy blue, and one of his arms is made of metal. He's conventionally attractive, but —
But… Hm.
“...And the caption says, “I guess that 'admiration' finally makes sense. It's not pride time, but I'm proud to be me. #lgbt #lgbtpride”,” Hammer finishes, pretending to vomit.
Stark edges away from Steve, obviously uncomfortable with Steve near him. He makes a small frustrated noise. “I can't believe all of you. This is beyond inappropriate.”
Vision inclines his head. “I do, Bruce, but I believe this is the part where we let
“You'll make fun of me.”
sections filled.”
Tony doesn't know what to do.
“When are we gonna do that prank, Tony?” Cross asks curiously, and Tony feels anxiety rise in his stomach.
!” Rumlow huffs, slapping a shiny, new punching bag. Slapping it. Not
Steve opens his mouth, uselessly. Finally, he says, “Yeah. Pretty much.”
A lot of the junior side gets quiet, but there's a splatter of laughter, too. Hammer's speechless. Rogers is biting his lip to contain his smile, but he's also pulling on Romanoff's arm, urging her to sit down. When she does, it takes at least fifteen seconds till the talking starts up again, this time more like whispers than the earlier chatter. By the time Tony looks away, Hammer's sat down, still gaping.
In Tony's subtle attempts to detach her, she had navigated him near the center of the room, where Tony lost track of her but was soon surrounded by a group of more people gyrating their hips against him. He could almost swear some guy's dick was nudging his ass. He does get a beer somehow pressed into his hand, so he just chugs it down and let people continue doing their thing. It's whatever.
Howard sits up. “That’s just the thing — your mother pointed it out. I've just gotta pull some strings and you can just take the tests required for the courses you need to graduate then we'll ship you off to an Ivy League by the time you turn sixteen!”
Tony’s layers a twisted smile on his face. “I’m leaving by New Year’s, and I’ve still got some strings to tie up.” Like sitting in the bathtub for the next five days. “It’s been really awesome, guys.”
Tony shoots him a look. “There’s no chance in hell that you’re gonna stay in the car, is there?”
He grips his shield from underneath the dumpster.
should get that checked. Then Rogers's eyes go wide. “Oh, no, your eye looks
“Boyfriend Tony,” Steve plays along, “Boyfriend Tony, we're in the cereal aisle at a Walmart.”
Rogers's eyebrows furrow before he looks away, clearly uncomfortable and unsure in the situation. “You’re really drunk.”
Rogers clears his throat. “I uh — well,
When Rumlow breaks out into a run toward a big van, Tony follows hesitantly — he isn't a stranger to the kidnappers in white vans, who is?
Tony’s fingers freeze over his keyboard. He straightens, turning again. “I… Yeah.”
Pepper looks at him. “Because you've been an idiot.”
But then, of course, on the following day, Wanda put the image of Steve dead because of Tony's lack of proactivity in his mind. Seeing Steve like that after the prior night had just… messed with Tony's mind. A lot.
“Tell him we're not watching one of his magic tricks,” Ty mutters to Tony, and Tony gives him an amused look, before looking back to Strange.
Tony grins. “You're the best, J.”
Banner laughs. “Well, at least we don't actually have to do those drills. I was about to Hulk out just to escape it.”
“Apologizing would be
So he contorts his face, and twists away. He talks slower than he ever has before. “I guess the disease has finally hit Marvel High.”
He steels himself, then walks over. Steve's face is a mixture of surprise, confusion, and something else that's harder to identify.
He shrinks. “She is, it says so right here.”
“Never better,” Tony says immediately. He doesn't have to look at Jarvis to know what look he's giving him. He sighs. “Frustrated.”
Who was
“Obie worked some stuff out with his superiors.” Howard's explaining. “You remember your Uncle Obie? Well, I worked on that missile — the HOLDEN — for the Army a couple of years ago, and apparently that was enough to catch some attention. When your mom went to DC last year, she got brunch with some powerful people. Obie's been working as a weapons liaison for StarkWare for the Army for some time, and through some discussions, the HOLDEN was impressive enough to pull through. I got a twenty-year contract that I've got to respect with the Army which is gonna lead us to
Tony's lips tilt up.
“No, no, I...” Tony huffs a little laugh. “It may be good to get this out. So, I'm guessing you've all seen Darren Cross's story.”
Tony's lips part. Loki Odinson.
(See the end of the chapter for
“How long till he gets paired up?” Mr. Rhodes asks, and Vision looks in askance as well.
As they start wrestling, Sam dives in to not miss out on the action. Natasha and Rhodey rush to Tony.
Steve pouts, his full, pink bottom lip jutting out, and he ducks his head, looking at Tony with his best wounded, lost puppy look.
“No, you're all potatoes,” Sam argues. “But especially Steve! Guys, please help me convince him to go on FlickLove!”
Steve Rogers. Who's staring at him. With really red cheeks. And a tight army uniform on.
Steve inhales, sharply. His eyes are so blue.
Paul sighs. “We forgot some of the presents.”
Tony grins, pleased. “Come on. Do you only draw dragons? Don't you have a sketchbook on you or something?”
“The soldier has admitted defeat, someone call up a press conference.”
made it just in time!! just so you know, we've gotten through the angst and are now officially in the fluff chapters of this story!
“Ahem.”
Steve laughs, loud and bright, and Sam is taken aback. In the five years he's known Steve, he's never heard the laugh so happy.
December 25
Tony's about to continue when Jarvis asks,  “Because of Steve Rogers?”
Behind Stark, Steve's arrived to deliver this very Captain America-ish line. He has the disappointed eyebrow furrow. Sam feels ashamed.
“Don’t worry, kid,” she reassures, “Sammy over there is in the same boat.”
Actual problem — Tony doesn't have a way to get home. Correction — he does, he's just gotta call Jarvis, but before he does that he needs to get a little more sober to prevent Jarvis from totally freaking out.
Tony pauses only for a moment longer before stepping into the Rogers home. Barnes is shooting him a red hot glare.
“I’m fine.” He opens up the M&M's, pours them into his palm, and holds it out for Rogers. “Want some?”
“Did you — ” He cut himself off quickly. Shakes his head. He can't do this — not to Steve nor himself.
Sam obliges, flicking open the next envelope.
“You think he's gonna wear that make-up again?”
Tony thinks back to when he first talked to Steve Rogers outside of school, and the pot keeps getting stirred at Marvel High.
It's a hate act.
“I don't wanna hear it,” she reprimands. “Steve always digs into the ice cream early, Bucky can't keep his hands off of the fruit, Brucie is an angel but for some reason gnaws through the fudge, Sam cannot be trusted around any white chocolate, Natasha loves her chocolate pudding, and Thor and Scott... Do I even have to explain? I only trust Sharon with it but the poor girl is knee-deep in work and won't be coming until later. So, I trust my handy dandy kitchen assistant, Tony.”
He avoids looking in Steve Rogers's direction.
“Would you really want them to?” Romanoff asks. “You're not scared of getting
Tony's leering. “Are you offering?” he purrs.
Tony slides his sunglasses off. “Hm?”
“Boo,” Lang boos.
Tony flings his head around, and tries to quell down his disappointment when he sees Jarvis.
The whole group stares at the pile of unknown presents under the tree. Tony sends one glance to Steve, who has mastered the surprised expression on his face.
Rumlow's cheering. “I got Stark, I got Stark— Show him, Hammer!”
But there's only one thing —
Peter glances at his phone.
Jarvis hands him his keys. “Sir, I must stress that I'm confused as to why you're deterred from the idea of people knowing that Steve Rogers helped you. Though I remember the stories of him being harassed when he was younger, he now seems… I believe the wording would be
Mr. Wilson starts whining again, until the waiter comes by with a trayful of ice cream sundaes.
“Sir,” Jarvis interrupts. “He wants to speak with you. It's urgent.”
There are some reluctant, almost guilty nods. Barnes clears his throat. “Kinda had a whole conversation about it.”
Tony's eyebrows skyrocket. “Oh, yeah. Great memory.” Steve sinks into the wall further. “Don't you want to be a… Like a digital artist?”
“I’m fine,” Tony says bluntly.
Steve stares at him.
on his and Steve's interactions, on Steve's well-being, on his
Jarvis hmphs. “The state I left you in was hardly one of a great standard.”
Jarvis is quiet for a long moment. “Steve Rogers... meaning the boy that you've been enamored with for nearly half a decade now?”
Ty, Rumlow, and Cross all blabber on about the party on Friday, and Tony nods along, adding in little anecdotes when it's needed. Because of the block schedule, Tony doesn't have English, so Rogers isn't in any of his classes. Tony sees Thor, Banner, Romanoff,
Tony's eyes snap away and land on some guys from his dad's golf club in the back. He nods, stalking over.
Tony's not talking. Steve scrambles for an assembly of his thoughts. He really wishes he was face-to-face with Tony right now.
“I like to keep people on their toes,” Steve shoots back. Tony tsked.
“I’m guessing Mr. Parker was the one who thought to sign Tony up?” Ms…
It's a while before Tony feels prompted to speak again, but in the time that elapses, he realizes that Steve Rogers's group of friends are probably one of the most nonchalantly self-deprecating group of teens on Earth.
Tony gives him a searching look, then shrugs. “M'kay. But yeah, I guess I identify as bisexual, though pansexual might be a better fit. And by the way, I wouldn't be so sure with that heterosexual thing till you knock a guy. Don't tell your aunt I said that.”
Tony shrugs, flopping down on one of the other chairs. “You went out of your way to get here, I'd feel bad about kicking you out,” he winks. She gave him a small smile.
Laying down is an entire other problem.
It's getting harder for Tony to breathe.
“That means she's
“Maybe,” Dr. Banner edges. Mr. Rhodes grunts.
Sam seems to catch on. He clears his throat. “But you don't have to tell us anything if it — ”
Mr. Rhodes looks at him. “Huh?”
Tony arches an eyebrow. “That’s surprising,” he drawls.
Something takes over Tony's chest, a deep, warming feeling overwhelming his body and mind and he can't help the beam he gives to Steve.
He's met with agreeing laughter. That's when Steve pulls away from Tony, expression one of confusion.
Once Sarah calls breakfast, Tony lingers in the dining room archway. Sharon frowns at him. “Tony?”
you'll connect with. We're
Tony's relieved that freshman him had the courage to follow Steve on Instagram, because his private status would've made Tony have to crawl over to Hammer's phone to see the post, which,
When he wakes up, the guys had painted a rainbow on his bare stomach.
Still, he shrugs. “I’m not gonna make it to the end of the semester. It's gonna be to California. And, uh. Well. Forever. Not to sound overly dramatic.”
Object of Steve Rogers’s Affections Ever Since 2012. Object of Steve Rogers's Affections Ever Since 2012 was kinda like Steve's love for Peggy, just more —
Steve seemed to be torn between dwelling on what Tony said and trying to dismiss what Tony said.
Tony doesn't think — he steps forward, growling. “Don’t call him that.”
Hammer laughs, then looks almost expectantly at Tony.
The four expressions turn guilty and regretful, and Rhodey rushes to speak. “Tony, you know none of us would want that. And… And if you want us to, we can of course cancel the date. But I know you, Tones, and I know how you get when you're all alone like this. And you'll
“Well, then, prove it, barista,” he whispers, and Steve gladly takes him up on the challenge.
Tony takes a step back. He hears himself distantly talking, but it's like he's hearing a conversation through a wall. “
Tony's hands are shaking. Howard's smiling brighter than Tony's ever seen him beam before.
It's the day before Halloween, and Hammer's calling Rumlow's phone.
Natasha nods, slowly. “It’s hard to weigh it out since I haven't actually met her. No more information?”
There's an uproar of happy agreement. Wilson legitimately smiles at him.
Despite blushing again, Rogers then shifts. He almost looks guilty. “Oh! Well — Yeah, I mean — I saw you earlier tonight. With your… guest. Do you — What the heck am I doing, oh my God — Do you have a ride home?”
Steve frowns harder. “What, are you gonna take an Uber? At this time of night? In Timely?”
He pastes a smile on his face in case any stray cameras catch him and he ducks into the bakery.
Barnes and Natasha have seemingly already started up the StarkPorts. Barnes runs across the house, a stupid smile filling up Natasha’s screen. “Holy cow, Stark, I’m in love with you!”
“Now can you help me?”
Carter blinks, looks over to Rogers, then grins. She pulls Rogers toward their table. Tony nearly groans, and Cross's eyes widen. Ty sighs even louder.
“Table for Stark and Rogers,” the woman confirms. “There will be a waiter at your table in just a few. Hope you have a great night, Mr. Stark.”
“Well, even if he didn't, I'm a public figure to a billion dollar company — if he wanted to get in contact, he already would've,” Tony dismisses, and Rhodey's opening his mouth to argue that, but Tony just puts a hand up. “Please, Rhodey, can we just — not? Right now?”
He pulls out his phone casually, attempting to calm himself, and Ty does the same, texting mindlessly to someone named Kylie. Tony pulls up his own messages, trying to act like usual, but he can't maintain his tapping foot. Ty's eyes shift to it for a second, but his attention lands back on his phone. Tony takes a deep breath in, and counts in his head until he's interrupted.
Tony looks away. “So. How has break been going? For you. Yeah.”
He exhales. “May or may
“Probably because of the guilt overwhelming you,” Stark informs her, before kicking Sam's leg, who's holding Steve down. “Hey, don't hurt the merchandise.”
need me there for next year, right?”
“Creator with jaw dropping artistic skills. Which,” Tony tries at humor, “almost match your coffee-making skills.”
Tony nods jerkily. “Cool. Awesome.”
Tony listens as the guys bicker on as he adjusts his shendyt. Ty's a fucking moron who makes sure that they have matching costumes for M'Baku Jabari's, the city kid who’s more popular than God, annual Halloween party. Last year was the first year they were accepted in, and it was a feat in itself considering that they were sophomores and M'Baku was a junior who looked like he was twenty and sounded like he was thirty and had way more experience than you in every single way. Plus, T'Challa Udaku is M'Baku's best friend. T'Chaka Udaku used to dine with the president until the election in 2016.
Steve smiles wildly as Tony lets himself be embraced again, and Steve wraps Tony deep in his arms again.
“Riiiiight,” Rhodey drawls. “Anyway, don't change the subject! You and this Steve-guy! Why aren't you chasing after him?”
Steve gawks. “No! No, no, Tony — No, not at all. Not at all. I just — ”
“I still can't believe you don't like coffee,” Tony shudders. “You're the best coffee maker in the world, and you don't like coffee. It's a disgrace, Rogers!”
Tony grins. “Those are going to be the pain in Apple's side one day.”
Dr. Banner leans away from the bright red Dairy Queen booth, trying to see through the windows of
Tony exhales. “I'm gonna be completely honest with you, Steve, okay? I have personally went on eBay and Amazon to find this vintage coffee machine and I have bought it despite its technological setbacks. I have attempted to make as good of a cup as you can over forty times now and I still haven't made a successful one. Steve, I may be the genius, but you're a mastermind. Not fixing this piece of caffeine history is not only a crime, it's a stupid move on my part. Your coffee is a godsend.”
“What did you do to Sarah and Paul?” he growls. Tony purses his lips.
Tony opens his mouth. Closes it. He slumps.
That's why Hammer's yelling those names right at that moment, catching a good amount of people's attention.
Steve grins, eyes full of mirth. “I'm terribly sorry, Anthony Stark. It won't happen again. Now, come on, I want another hug.”
“It's a pleasure to be here,” he smiles, mentally preparing himself for an hour or two more of this mindless speaking.
“And you know what I want?” Tony laughs cruelly.
Ty laughs. “And you're gonna give it to her? As much as I agree with you, don't fucking touch her, okay? She's Infected.”
Cross, on the other hand, will ever. “I don't follow that loser. What is it?”
Sleep, that is. He can't possibly just sit here and… Bide his time while his wallet sits in Steve's car, just waiting to be used to buy all of these extremely sweet people gifts.
“I…” He inhales slowly. “I had a really… really awesome time. Really. But I have to go now.”
“Oh, hey, J,” Tony replies, standing. He carefully fingers the pages of the sketchbook before looking at Steve. “There any chance I could see more?”
“Right on target,” FRIDAY's voice floods his ear.
The guy looks up at his voice, though, and his eyes widen. Tony squints at the name tag and mentally ah's — Clint is Natasha's best friend, who apparently took Steve's place.
So the blind date thing actually came through, and Tony's on his way to it now. To go disappoint some well-known guy that just wanted to go on a pleasant date.
Tony winces. Wrong move.
“Mr. Stark!” Peter's voice, high with anxiety, trills. “How are you?”
“Hammer!” Ty presses. “And his — the post, y'know!”
Tony blinks. “Wow. It's eleven?”
Tony stalls.
Steve squints at them. “Is this choreographed?”
All in all — it's not what Tony would totally pick to wear on a night where he spends time with Steve Rogers.
“TONY!”
“He already accepted!
Stone rolls his eyes, but he's grinning, too. Cross is peering over at Rogers's table.
Banner huffs a laugh, almost in agreement. Everyone else takes it without notice. It's... The normal.
Digging through his wallet, Tony receives his ID card. Keying in the code (written on the back of his ID because he’s a genius but he can’t be damned to
” Tony snorts, and Rogers arches a brow at the nickname. “You're like... Enormous! I swear, you used to hit my shoulders.”
Which is the… not socializing level.
being incredible to us by helping clear our names, preparing our move into the compound, and allowing us to live anywhere close to him. I'm not going to ruin that by letting my... Feelings get in the way. In addition, I — ” He inhales, sharply. “I understand where you're all coming from. Although I think you should've let
Peter makes a somewhat confirming noise  in the back of his throat. “Right.”
“Sir,” Jarvis says quietly. Tony can't help but pause in his steps. He layers a small, easy smile on. Turns.
“Oh, he's definitely freaking out.”
Tony grins, smugly, and Jarvis also smiles, warmly. “I am pleased to hear that. Shall we take our leave, Master Stark?”
As the day drags on, Tony's acutely aware of the extra amount of glares he's getting.
Tony nearly winces. The place was
just wait a couple of more months
Tony hurriedly follows him.
“Aw, fuck,” Tony curses.
But it doesn't matter. It's been… It's been years since that night. And those years were full of fighting and lying and betrayal and Steve definitely lost his chance at anything along the lines of something romantic with Tony — not that he ever
“‘Touche. But just like me figuring…’,” Sam trails off. “Hold on a second, that doesn't make sense.”
Cross, instinctively, stands up. “Hey, Legs!”
Steve groans. “Tony!”
“Don’t worry about that, I can forge it,” Natasha dismisses, entering the room. “What we need to worry about is that Tony's not in his room.”
It's a video of Steve Rogers, of course, because nothing gets talked about more than Steve Rogers at Marvel High nowadays, and he's boxing, his fists moving incredibly fast in front of him. He's ridiculously sweaty and his white t-shirt is clinging to his pale skin, but he's got perfect form and he's confident in his punches.
I'll be in Timely at Marvel High on the 2nd, kid, so don't
“Good, then,” she nods. Jarvis then comes in.
“You also mentioned my size then,” Steve says, grinning. “You said that you wanted to feed me or something when I was skinny.”
Then huffs. “Nat’s still gonna kick him out.”
Then Stone finds a response.
He gives one last cursory glance around the room, remembering everyone he has to get a present for, and what they'd most likely want.
“So... Steve is pursuing his art stuff, huh?” he quires, concentrating on his nails. “Is he gonna be... gone more often?”
Tony's head shoots up. He shifts. “Do — Do we, uh. Do you need to talk to someone, Peter?” Shit. He does not want to have this conversation with the kid. “'Cause Bruce is just across the hall.” That's much better.
“Tones,” Rhodey sighs. “Look, don't be mad at anyone but — ”
Ty grins. “This is gonna top off any years before, Tones. I almost feel sorry for Rogers. Good job, too, Hammer.”
Tony hums in acknowledgement. “Hi, Sarah. I'm Tony.”
“Yeah?” he says, flippantly. He walks past Jarvis, shrugging his jacket off. “Well, tell him I don't have any bright ideas for his little gun projects, but I — ”
Tony Stark?”
Steve Rogers and Sharon Carter are walking and chatting amorously, gradually reaching their table. Carter's a senior, and a busy one at that, so she's rarely visiting the Juniors' lunch. They get stopped by Thor, and start talking just a few feet away. Rumlow is literally growling.
. We make some more places just selling guns and weapons on the East Coast — Timely's behind us. We're on to
Steve straightens. “Yeah.”
She hums. “And what are you doing waiting here?”
Tony shakes his head — makes a decision. “Tell the others that I can get my own ride home tonight. Goodnight, kid.”
Tony feels the world spin around him as he stares at the paper.
Until a minute later, the kid makes another squeaky noise that Tony has to acknowledge. “What?” he asks, exasperated.
Tony, despite everything in him contradictory, feels a bit of his confidence chip away. He makes a note to push the boys harder next year. Outwardly, he shrugs.
On the following Friday, Tony goes through his messages until he finds an invitation to a party. He drives sixty miles out of Timely to get there, then proceeds to drink himself out of his mind.
“Hi,” he says, very winningly.
But seriously, tiny Grinch comes on the screen, and he's awkwardly hiding behind a book with a bag on his head, and the first thing Thor Odinson thinks to say is, “If only I could do that in class.”
DECEMBER 1
“Stark!” Tony looks over. Barnes throws a box at him. “Yours.”
The woman waves him off. “Mr. Stark is tough, but he recognizes a good worker. You still have the job because you're a good worker.” Her voice has a strong accent that Tony's heard from somewhere before.
His eyes catch onto Steve’s, and there’s still a soft smile on his lips. Uncontrollably, Tony’s eyes settle on his pink lips for a lingering moment. Catching himself, his eyes fly back up to Steve’s, whose pupils are blown wide.
There are only two physical fights (both involving Sharon, that woman is terrifying) but everyone ends up satisfied with their plates and bowls and hands (Lang). Barnes chooses to watch
“Shit. You're Tony Stark,” Clint straightens, eyebrow arching.
“Hi, can I get a pink pan dulce and a straight black?” he asks, cutting to the chase because Steve isn't here so what's the point of smalltalk?
Tony determinedly faces him. Seizes onto a different conversation. “You really don't work at Barnes's anymore?”
Rogers straightens, his cheeks kinda rosy. “S-Stark. Hi.”
They stay silent. Vision then speaks. “We have done this, Tony.”
They both jump.
omg who posted this dm me on ig @sunnybain
He feels what seems to be a million pairs of eyes on the side of his head. He's never felt so un-cool. He turns his head to stare at the room head-on, eyebrow arched.
Tony barely maintains a groan.
“Then where is he?” Banner pipes in, eyebrows furrowed.
They're walking away. Cross drop kicks Stone's soccer ball at their backs and as it descends down on Romanoff, she neatly ducks then kicks the ball all the way across the field.
Tony nods. “Cool. See ya?”
Caden's already talking, though. “Nah, is Wilson the guy Rogers was talking about. His 'admiration'?”
“Fine,” Barnes grumbles. “But there's a good reason as to why I eat all the plums!”
No teachers. No Coulson. Just an audience.
“Hey,” Tony exhales.
Steve nudges him. “I think you're officially in the Infected Group.”
with his cousins.”
Tony spent most of Saturday tracking down every post made about M'Baku's party — after intensive stalking, he reached the conclusion that either no one had seen them, or no one who saw them had cared.
Sam thinks sullenly,
“I learned when I was five,” Tony reports, then shrugs. “Jar— Butler thought it'd be a convenient skill to have.”
Tony shoves his face in his hands. “Oh, God.”
Peter's eyes catch hers, and he suddenly feels stupid. Mr. Stark has always been kind to him, ridiculously kind, kinder than any human ever, and Mr. Rogers, despite their less than satisfactory first meeting, has always treated him as any other hero and gave him respect that one holds for another soldier instead of a
So he says,
“You’d be correct in that assumption.” Vision smiles a bit.
Tony, with all of his father's money, would pay any price for the invention of time travel.
Tony looks at him, amused. Straightens. He lays a hand on his father's shoulder and smiles.
Steve happily went to the crate, chattering to DUM-E as if the bot was Barnes, and then threw the ball lightly to the corner with the least fragile items. DUM-E whirs and makes vaguely happy-sounding noises before bounding after the ball and rushing back to Steve. Steve claps, and throws it again like the game could never get old.
Sam curses the notification that falls down from the screen as he's momentarily distracted from his game, his player falling down the side of the cliff. He gives a second of mourning, before swiping the notification bar down, picking up his strawberry milk to take a sip.
That blindingly bright beam overwhelms Steve's features. Tony feels his heart ache again.
"Well, by heavens," she laughs, "is that you, Tony Stark?"
He even punches like a pussy😝😝
hi please accept this month-late update
Steve looks to Bucky, who shrugs. “Anywhere my goats and I can be.”
Howard does smile, then. “Then you'll be cut off from the fund. Think your privileged ass will make it even a week out in the real world? You can't do anything without someone holding your hand, Anthony, you can't even
Peter sinks in his seat. “But that path doesn't guarantee that I'll be out of the country if Mr. Stark freaks out.”
wake up in his own bed has been overwhelming lately. His hangover was mediocre and manageable, and he didn't even puke; it was a good morning. And when he trudged downstairs to get breakfast from Jarvis, he actually ate it all.
Tony gazes at him until Steve goes red. Then Tony looks away, pink himself, and flails.
And then
It's more shocked silence. Then Rumlow, nose dripping, turns an ugly, splotchy red and snarls, “You fat bitch, I'm gonna make you pay for that — ”
Tony scrambles to comply. Rogers is giggling, and if Tony is a bit more theatrical in his actions to keep that sound ringing in his ears, well. He's drunk, okay, sue him.
Tony scoffs. “You're older than forty years old. I'm thirty-eight. Forever.”
When Steve does come in with enough blankets and pillows to cover Timely, Sharon is indeed scrolling through the proffered Christmas movies. Thor is absently pushing the furniture to the sides of the room while listening to Bruce go on and on about something science-y. Bucky and Scott are looking at their phones while continually pointing things out to each other on one another’s, while Sam and Natasha go to get the ice cream.
that the Infected Group are okay with homosexuality, and that they're
“I…” Tony collects himself. “Yeah, small world. Hi, Rogers. How's your summer going?”
, too.”
There's a tiny name tag on the shirt and in dark red it says, in elegant writing,
Howard grabs Tony's arm. “We need to have a talk.”
Natasha's sprung up and is basically forcing him to the floor one space away from the couch. “You’re gonna sleep here, Tony.”
(Later, Pepper yells at him. Happy laughs while she does.
Tony tries to re-grip on reality, but Howard's still
Principal Ross doesn't press it. He doesn't press most things that matter.
“Hey.”
Tony blinks at that, but none of the other men in the car provide an answer, all staring out the windows anxiously. He sighs as Peter starts straightening Tony's cuffs for him.
“Uh —
“Oh my — Gee, I'm so sorry — Let me just — ”
“Who else knows?” Scott asks curiously.
) and saving the world doesn't ever get unattractive to civilians, but, just — Look, he falls in love with Pepper, falls in love with Someone Else, then they both blow his heart to bits a couple of times, then Pepper accepts his shitty engagement effectively helping him feel better about Mysterious Other Person, but then Pepper turns into dust, and even though Tony and his old superhero boy band totally save the day and bring her back to life, apparently they're both getting too old for this and literally no one on earth were surprised when Tony Stark and Pepper Almost-Stark-Potts had cancelled the wedding.
After Sarah and Paul left, Wilson decidedly declared that they'd be watching Christmas movies. Banner was getting the pizza at the front door as everyone separated to get into comfy clothes. Tony desperately sought a moment to be alone in the bathroom.
“With all due respect, Jim, I think all of you contributed to the events of last night.”
Hammer grins wide, smug and proud, at Tony before opening the doors of the van.
That's an entire other thing. Every year, without fail, since Steve Rogers came to Timely, Ty and the others look to Tony for the yearly prank of Tony. Who gives them one, smiling brightly, and then watches on the sidelines as they act it out — with Rumlow usually there to take the subsequent fist to the face.
“I'm — I am bisexual,” he states clearly, and Bucky grins at him. Steve grins back, flooded with memories from before the war, when they admitted to each other that they both occasionally glanced in a fella's direction.
you and I, I just complicated everything for no reason, aside from thinking that there was no way in hell that Steve Rogers would give me a second’s thought.”
to you once a year continuously for the past three or four years, but I never… I always thought you were amazing, Steve. Honest.”
“No.”
“Best three hours I've spent,” Stone winks. Tony tries to grin back at him; he’s not sure if it works.
Steve eyes him. “This isn’t the end of this, is it?”
“It's because it is too advanced for them,” Jarvis corrects. Tony looks up at him. He smiles. Tony sighs in relief.
“Because he's probably already forgotten about me, gummy bear,” Tony remarks, smiling in the saddest winning way. Rhodey arches one eyebrow.
Oh, Tony thinks dumbly. Rogers is expecting me to call him something now.
Where Tony had originally heard the remark as an apology, where Steve just couldn't be friends with Tony Stark, he now hears it for what it is.
“You left me for my mom,” he points out.
“What about…?” he trails. Sarah turns stern.
,” he hisses. “We have to keep our minds straight and flick our love to Stark!”
“Is it weird that I could literally hear that?” Tony asks.
Tony sighs. “Guys, I'm a hundred percent fine.”
Steve looks concerned and vaguely confused. “Were you okay?”
first.
It’s just this: Tony Stark loves puzzles, and he loves problems, but what he loves the most are challenges. You solve puzzles and problems, but you have to
Tony makes sure his phone is screen recording before he eagerly shows Jarvis the video as well.
Steve snaps back to the present. He grips his utility belt, where the sibling flip phone resides.
Coulson pauses at that. He looks up from his clipboard, and arches an eyebrow.
“Where's Steve?” Tony asks.
When he gets home, Jarvis has a meal ready for him. Two bites in, he runs to the bathroom to vomit. Jarvis watches him from the doorway. Tony reassures Jarvis that it really wasn't his lasagna, but Jarvis doesn't look reassured.
in the romantic aspects of life. Or the sexual ones. You see, Steve fell in love with Peggy first. And that ended so abruptly and really — Steve just gets depressed thinking about it, especially after Peg's death, even though he
yeah that happened :(
Is this — Is this really happening right now?
Romanoff glares hard. "What?"
and that your own friends know it. We know no one gives a damn about you anymore and that you and Tiberius Stone have stopped talking. We know Rogers's mom is barely scraping by and that she works under the company.” Howard's nostrils flare. “We know about the raises she's gotten. We know that for some reason you took up a charity case for a goddamn fa— ”
“Hey, Rogers,” he calls. “Your little hair highlights suit you — look like the little fairy you are.”
Tony tenses, highly aware of the two people just to the left of him.
“Oh my god,” Tony's voice whispers. “
“HAPPY FUCKING HALLOWEEN!” Rumlow shouts as soon as he enters the house. Nobody even glances his way even as they respond uproariously. Ty laughs.
But it's not a joke. Tiberius has tells and he was staring at his phone while talking and had an eyebrow arched — so it's a warning somehow.
Steve purses his lips, and Tony notes with embarrassment that his blue eyes are shining with amusement. “Uh. You already asked that.”
“But that still doesn't mean I
“'Course we are,” Sarah says. “Specifically about your terrible jokes. Your ride coming?”
“I’m Heather Matthews,” she tells him.
The other two nod. Then Bucky hums. “How do you know this much about FlickLove, Sam?”
“Apologizing would be enough!”
Steve frowns. “Where?”
Tony gets hung up on — he’s laughing too hard to even care. After sending a quick Snapchat of him giving a thumbs up and a ‘happy holidays’ to Pepper, Tony shrugs into the sweater that Paul knit and dodges out of the bathroom.
Rumlow grunts. Ever since that video was leaked, Rumlow's had his eyes on Lang, wanting to knock the living daylights out of him, but whenever he's urged to, Lang drapes himself over Rogers. It's hilariously embarrassing for Rumlow, and Tony seriously wants to give Lang a high-five for all he's done to ridicule Brock Rumlow.
Both Tony and Ty look up at the mention, though Ty's is with a small grimace. Ti-
It's like the last day at Marvel High, again. Tony's vaguely aware that being indifferent to everything around him is an odd sensation when he's literally completely alone in an enormous house with no personal touches to it whatsoever with only two suitcases of his clothing and a lot of bad memories, but, well —
“Well, I do,” Steve huffs. Bucky shoots him a Look. Steve ignores it.
Sharon hugs Steve from behind. “Right next to me, on the floor. Oh, and will you look at that! By
“I hate you,” Tony says.
Steve simply huffs. “Guys, be quiet, this is emotional.”
The funny thing is, is that it comes delicately. Almost fragile.
Tony flails. “No idea! I'm kind of a coward in every single aspect of the word. Like. There are some things you'd gasp at. I'm a coward.”
As soon as Tony walks into the workshop, he knows something is wrong.
Peter's own head flies up. “No! No, Mr. Stark, no — I. I'm comfortably heterosexual, I was just. Y'know. Smalltalk.”
Tony doesn't really say much, but he says enough. It's just. Steve chose to stay sitting next to him through the rest of the
Tony's eyes widen in realization. “As in Bucky Barnes?”
“So you're
as he bangs around in his workshop.
Tony clears his throat. “Well, now I've gotta go, so… It was really nice to see you. This is goodbye, so… Bye.”
Tony looks at him, incredulously, before laughing, hard. “You don't think I already realized that?” he laughs, breathlessly. “Why else would I punch out that overgrown toddler? Why else would I finally do what's right — ”
Tony falls limp in his grip.
“FRIDAY?” Peter orders.
Strange ignores him. “Sit down, Stark, Stone.”
It's a few more seconds before Steve opens his mouth again and Tony feels red hot fear at the idea of Steve going, leaving, walking out of his life again, this time for good, so he blurts the first thing that comes to mind.
Some are still laughing, others are walking away. Some are congratulating Tony and the group even though they didn't publicly take credit for it this time. Stone is grinning, gripping Tony's shoulder.
Jarvis, Tony grins, he can talk on and on about.
“Oh, so you acted as friends?” Steve asks, sardonically. “This was inappropriate, even then. You all know our... past.”
Steve frowns. “Are these storage units?”
Steve frowns back. “Well, what are you doing?”
Rogers never sees Tony.
“I’m working on it. By the time I deliver it to Steve, he'll be sold,” Sam winks. Nat grins. “Also, she’s another doner. There's a whole list of charities.”
Inexplicably, another flush spreads over Steve's face. “Uh… Maybe next time. A lot of them are just.. uninteresting so…”
Carter sighs. “Oh, not so long ago, Sammy. Steve, go sit somewhere else.”
Tony hmphs. “Answer again, then.”
Well. Tony's got nothing to lose.
Tony blinks, rapidly. “I thought — I thought you guys were pulling one on me.”
She's the CEO of the company Equality First, and sponsors nearly two dozen young minority groups every year. In addition, she participates in a training center for young women learning self-defense. She's... She's looking for a partner who can keep up with her, can respect her, but can most of all learn more about her than just the surface.
“Doesn't matter much,” he says. “I won't have to deal with it when I'm in college.”
a disease. Romanoff is the president and leader of the linguistics club, and knows five different languages and learning, so no one gets more qualified for it than her. Sharon Carter? She's the president of the Student Council and of Leadership and founder of the Chess Club and Captain of the girls Varsity volleyball team and Captain of the Math Decathlon team and the representative of the student body in the Timely School Board and need Tony say more? Scott Lang's pretty much a dead-end socially and academically, except with engineering where he lead the school's robotics club to states then nationals. Bruce Banner's one of the smartest guys in the school, he's a hell of a wrestler, and his name in Marvel High alumni in a decade or so will make the school famous. Thor Odinson is one of the best players on the football team, not to mention his father's the senator.
But Steve shaves every morning and Tony hums when he thinks no one's listening. Steve laughs a lot more with Tony looking well-rested and happier than ever.
Wilson just gives him another warning look. The class eventually starts chattering again, this time in low whispers.
Tony arches a brow. “Midnight?”
“So he isn’t around?”
Tony leads Steve to his unit, lightly shivering in the cold. His unit is tucked deep in the lot, one of the units that are three times the size as the normal ones. Steve’s eyes widen at the sight of it.
He wants to be self-deprecating.
, Vision,
“Interesting,” he says. And he shouldn't laugh — seriously. But he really wants to.
Laying flat on his bed, Tony looks at the post again.
“I do,” Steve agrees easily, and Tony’s heart sings. Steve chews his lip. “But you’re — you’re staying?”
Rhodey stops mid-sentence.
That single thought makes Tony stiffen, and he flippantly slides his sunglasses on, then nods and walks away from Rogers, impassively.
“Okay,” Tony obliges, quietly. “But one day hugs and ice cream aren't gonna work as a sleep cure for me, Rogers.”
Tony laughs. “Always can count on friends to give you a shoutout.”
Steve, for some reason, gravitates to the robot trash pile. DUM-E, the AI bot that Tony still hasn’t successfully finished, is what Steve reverently runs his fingers over — even with the opposite corner displaying an assortment of phones, tablets, and laptops that top any product the current market can present. Tony hmphs.
Tony's eyebrows furrow. He spins, narrowing his eyes. “Are you
“Mr. Jarvis, you are too good,” she compliments. “How did you remember?”
Steve looked up at him, then. “Can I play fetch with him while you get ridiculously amazing presents for my family?”
“Shoot.”
He's met the gorgeous Natasha Romanoff and the famous Peggy Carter, but he'd never met Bucky, the actual owner and Steve's (very emphasized) platonic soulmate.
“What the hell.”
, Steve. This is just… awesome.”
“I think this is a dream,” Tony whispers.
Barnes squints. “What was that story for?”
“And we could never get married,” Tony says quietly after a while. “Okay, I get it — ”
Tony finally gains control of himself and snaps his jaw shut.
When their lips meet, it's worth all of Tony's agonizing about whether or not he'd ever get to experience this.
Steve stands. “We’re watching
There's a gasp somewhere in the room, and Sam's beginning to think that those are coming from Bucky.
She's a firm, brilliant woman who makes a living on making less fortunate good guys’ lives get
He doesn't realize how zoned out he is until he sees Rumlow glaring at something over Cross's head. Tony blinks, then focuses on where Rumlow's looking.
Steve exhales a puff of cold air. His blonde hair dampens from the snow, his skin flushed pink, and his hands are shaking. His eyes search Tony’s own, aimlessly, and Tony looks down.
“How are you? Why weren’t you answering my calls? Where are you? Is Jarvis around?” Comes the barge of questions. “Let me talk to him, we need to — ”
Tony opens his mouth to argue, before an idea dings somewhere in his mind. Shaking his head, he smiles sweetly. “Okay, Steve.”
Peter walks back in, a smug smile on his face, and Tony cocks an eyebrow up.
“Santa got me a subscription to free StarkCAD,” Scott squeaks. “Fuck AutoCAD, this shit is going to — AH!”
Rhodey?!”
A few people laugh but most just roll their eyes. Natasha Romanoff, however, stands.
“I am a genius, after all,” Tony jokes, arrogantly. Steve gives him a smile, but it's lacking the usual genuineness. The Steve factor of it.
, Tony, I'm so sorry — ”
“Yeah, but so have
“Okay, but where the hell did they come from?” Scott asks.
The other three stay quiet. Mr. Rhodes hmphs. “So…?”
“Well, then what has made you 'on top of the world’, Master Tony?” Jarvis asks sassily.
“I'm sorry, Tony, but I really can't just — ” Steve straightens, his expression settling into a brave face, but his eyes are still red and are full of just…
“You performed absolutely phenomenally, Sir,” Jarvis reassures.
He's fine.
Tony shifts. “Yes?”
Tony swallows, then looks to Ty, whose eyes are wide and his mouth slowly dropping. Tony knows the signs of Tiberius Stone speechless — along with what'll happen if Tony doesn't immediately back him up if he can.
Steve shoots him a look back.
Quietly, he shoves his feet in his shoes, his arms in his jacket, and heads out into the cold.
She takes three pies easily, balancing them. “Stark. We need to talk.”
Sam groans.
Who's a foot away from Tony's knee right now, with a confused Steve Rogers right behind her. She has a secretive smile on her face, stretching her pink lips, and Tony feels like an ant.
She didn't even take some of the pies.
“Sure,” he blurts. Tony finally managed to give a smile. “And I'm sure it'll be delicious.”
,” he says evenly.
“I— Well,” Rogers clears his throat, “good? Yeah, it's going good. I'm — We're visiting Brooklyn next month, so. Good.”
“Busy, busy, busy,” Tony tsks, standing. He waves away Ty's comprehensive look, pulling Rhodey to the side. Rhodey's eyebrows furrow.
Tony has never wanted to remember something as much as he wants to remember that mesmerizing look on Steve's face at that moment.
“IT’S CHRISTMAS!”
,” she assured him. “Now go hang out with Stevie and his friends.”
Steve's back flattens to the wall. “Position?”
Steve gives a clueless, adorable smile back. “Hi, Tony, I'm Steve. What can I get for you today?”
Tony rolls his eyes, affection and exasperation warring in his mind for his blonde puppy of a boyfriend. “You're ridiculously stubborn, Steve Rogers.”
, Hammer?”
Rumlow's face is now obscuring Tony's view to Rogers. “TY WANTS YOU TO COME OVER TO DO BEER PONG WITH HIM!”
Steve smiles softly, before standing and preventing the others from grabbing Tony’s presents. Tony feels a nudge to his shoulder, and Paul grins down at him. “Cocoa?”
Thankfully enough, Steve was picking at the remains of his dessert and missed Tony's breakdown. Tony schools his expression, inhaling sharply. They'll deal with that later.
The four teens swivel around to see a short, beautiful woman in the doorway to the living room, feet in socks, and a tired expression. She looks like the female equivalent of how Steve would look during winter in the years prior to his muscle gain - she looks exactly like Tony remembered her. Romanoff straightens.
That are pretty damn good.
Bucky stares at him for awhile, before motioning to his order. “You should go.”
Ty scoffs, stopping in the middle of the school hallway. He pulls out his phone, tapping his password in quickly, and shows Tony a post from MarvelUs.com.
When Tony's gone in and out of the kitchen multiple times, he finally gets to sit down. Everyone's staring at him. He frowns.
Tony paces after him, rushing into the large, empty room. “Steve!”
Peter catches Tony's eye. “To be happy, Mr. Stark.”
“Because he refuses to fit social expectancies,” Jarvis rephrases.
She leads him to a part of the gallery with lines of exhibiting pieces. “These pieces are some of the foundations of Timely Comics. Starting from this corner is where the very first pieces were being shared. As you make your way down the room, feel free to ask for any information about a piece, or a guide to lead you more into the gallery.”
Tony huffs, crossing his arms. “Oh, how the tables have turned!”
Tony attempts a graceful spin of his heels, but he kind of just wobbles, and doesn't even end up turning. Whatever. Tony dutifully turns around, smiling wide.
Tony stays in the entire weekend. It's stupid, really, because every other weekend, he's always partying or drinking or smoking or something else and the weekends seem to drag on longer than anything, but this
“Definitely,” Tony nods. Barnes huffs. Romanoff eyes him.
Steve gives his best smile. Natasha look pitiful, Bucky's wincing, and Sam's frowning.
“Oh my god,” Peter gapes.
“A while?” Romanoff questions. “You just live across the neighborhood.”
“Hi, Tony!” A girl calls as soon as he walks in. She's a brunette with vaguely familiar green eyes, but Tony has no idea who she is.
Rogers doesn't show up on Tuesday. Tony's group calls him a pussy.
“So, Tony. You thought of our best prank against him in seventh grade,” he says, because Tiberius Stone is incapable of letting things go. “Then the one in eighth grade. Then the one in freshman year. And sophomore year. C'mon, you get where I'm going here.”
“Never,” Steve declares, grinning goofily. “Anyways, my pizza interrupted
“I’m right here, Stevie,” Sarah interrupts, all cuddled up in a robe and her pajamas and a cup of coffee, and it fits the parent-on-Christmas-morning bill so perfectly that Tony aches for a life that he didn’t have. Steve grins at his mother. “Once Paul comes in, we’ll start opening.”
. Please come in, Tony, and ignore the big, obnoxious lump behind me.”
. God, Steve can't wait to get home.
“Is that any way to talk to a customer?” Sam calls from the back.
tech. That's a completely different type of technology.”
Steve’s expression lit up, so bright that it was blinding, and Tony can't hold it in anymore, can't stop himself — he clasps Steve’s cheeks in his hands and pulls him into a kiss. Steve instantly responded, wrapping his arms around Tony, and then they were kissing.
“Boyfriend Steve,” Tony grounds out, “I'm not done with my hug yet, Boyfriend Steve.”
Mr. Rhodes shrugs. “Does. Tony never told anyone besides me, Pep, and you about that Harley kid in Tennessee — no one knows he did have that much help, not even SHIELD. Rogers wouldn't know.”
Tony stares back at her. Slips an easy grin on. “When am I not?”
“And if that trouble maker, Bucky Barnes is a problem for you, tell him Sarah will ban Steve from flying over,” Sarah told him. “Now, go on, shoo.”
Tony shifts, awkwardly, and Barnes smirks.
Tony snickers. “I kinda like them. Is that too exhibitionistic of me?”
But that's not allowed in the rules.
Tony idly walks by him, straight toward his locker. “I always told you Hammer would.”
Quicker than ever, Tony's off of Twitter and onto Instagram, scrolling through his following list.
Sam grunts. “I dunno. Let me — ”
Romanoff grits her teeth. “Steve — ”
The blonde apparently realized Tony was no longer paying attention to her, because when Tony looks down, she's gone. Tony blinks at Rumlow, then pushes him to the side, but Rogers is gone.
dating app! It has a widespread questionnaire that literally questions your every decision and need and gives you honest people and results!”
Tony clears his throat. “Y’know — Not a lot of people can out-stubborn me, Rogers.”
“Ah,” he exhales. “Well, I'm not getting detention. Are you, Ty?”
Tony groans, shoving his face in his hands.
Steve flushes. “Tony, I swear — ”
He clicks the I'M SURE! button.
Sam is shifting on his feet. “Two months on it from Cap and he doesn't even show up.”
Tony inhales sharply, mouth opening and closing like he can't find his words. Peter guesses he never does, because Mr. Stark just sends him a tiny, warm smile.
Bucky glances at Natasha, who's frowning. She sighs. “You kind of have a point. A really bad one, though, Wilson.”
just wanted to help give that to you.”
Tony almost startles. Ty always laughs, always encourages the pranks, but he never… That's the first time he's heard Ty talk like that about Rogers's sexuality — like that about
Rogers remains unaffected. He's really oblivious. It's stupidly adorable.
Steve pushes just an inch away but Tony pulls him back for a second kiss. Steve complies, happily.
Tony's fingers entangle in sweaty, blonde hair, lightly massaging Steve's scalp. “I know, honey bunches. You wanna talk about it?”
The man's —
work it out.”
Tony unconsciously straightens, and he swallows dryly. “I — You. No problem — It's… fine.”
I'll fight time, try me.
In the car, Jarvis hums. “So that was the infamous Steve Rogers, was it?”
“Touch either one of them and I swear on my life you will regret it.”
in a pleasant text across the top. Tony huffs.
“We negotiate,” Mr. Rhodes says, determinedly.
he's better than you, and who has his arm wrapped around Tiny Rogers's shoulders who's smiling all bright and sunny is just —
Howard's still yelling and shouting when Tony gets there. Upon seeing him, Jarvis motions him to move away but Tony stubbornly stays where he is.
There's some peppy pop song playing from the radio in Tony's car while he's driving to the nearest gas station, and he finds it distantly hilarious that he both hates it and sings along. It's playing in a constant tune in his head even as he enters the store and he's humming and muttering incorrect lyrics to it as he beelines to the candy aisle.
It's the first time one of Tony's pranks didn't make Rogers punch someone in defense.
Steve smiles, shrugging. “Like you're not.”
“Did you check in with medical?” he asks, concerned.
Steve Rogers.
His two companions arch a brow.
But that was the thing — that was where he fucked up. Him being himself, totally ruined his own life. Because the Tiberius Stones and the Tony Starks of Timely — they didn't like new, more popular kids. They liked routine, they liked uniform, they liked normal.
Bucky sighs. “Because Steve's got his big puppy eyes set on Stark, and has for almost a decade.”
Steve hums. “Can you please turn on the Christmas music?”
Steve waves him off. “I'll be fine, no worries. It was nice talking to you, Tony.”
“Merry Christmas and goodnight, sir.”
Romanoff stands, sizing him up. “Steve is being a bitch. Why are you here?”
Tony sighs. “It wasn't just — Look, he was... relatively fine with me punching Hodge for you, he just wasn't fine with the fact that... I had told him later that...”
“He was my kitchen assistant, but I'm trading him out for Paul.” Sarah winks at Tony. Mr. Wilson laughs and follows her. “So, Paul, how's Darlene doing in Afghanistan?”
Steve waves at him, smiling in a way that makes Tony's stomach flutter, and it takes a lot for Tony to follow Jarvis out of the building.
Behind him, Romanoff's saying, “Why in hell did Sarah like
Tony gives Steve a short, sad smile. “You really don't seem to be, Steve.”
At the door, Tony shifts on his feet. Steve arches an eyebrow as he knocks on the door. Tony purses his lips.
Rogers easily gives the prior topic up. “It’s no big deal.”
“Like me?” Tony smiles sadly. Steve looks away, and nods. Tony stays silent for a moment, before saying, “I know. You’re all very… good. You’re very decent people. And I know that I don’t need to. But, Steve, please believe me when I tell you that, even though I’ll probably always have some shred of guilt, I also just always gift these types of things. I don’t — To me, this isn’t anything big. I know that sounds so stupid, but I don’t mean to try to — manipulate you all into liking me, or anything — ”
“Howard,” Tony mimics, the same tone and all. He sees the man's knuckles whiten around his tumbler of vodka. Tony feels himself go stiff.
“What's your sexuality?” is the one of the first questions. Steve shifts in preparation, clearing his throat.
The two men, one robot-dude, and one boy look at each other.
It's Monday, now, and… Well, Tony had no doubts about Rogers. He knew Rogers wouldn't have publicly announced that he had to take care of Tony Stark and that Tony Stark was looking at him like he hung the moon and stars the entire night.
Tony swallows around something, tapping on the comment section.
When the clock hits two, Steve ducks behind a garbage bin before setting up the retro-reflective curtain that Tony and Bruce made. The material in front of him only has one indication that it's there on the exterior, and it's the tag attached on the corner of it. It reads:
An hour seems to pass. Glancing at his watch, it was only twenty minutes, but it definitely feels like an hour.
Multiple items are thrown at him; Sarah gives one stern order, and all of them go back to opening their presents and looking innocent. Paul just smiles indulgently at Tony. “We were on short notice,” he explains. “I hope it isn’t…”
Tony, momentarily enamoured, shifts, mouth nearly opening, but, fortunately yet unfortunately, Hammer finally decides to open his mouth, considering that he's, first and foremost, Ty's bitch.
ius. Ever since Sunset Bain started calling him 'Bear' as a nickname, no one's shook it off, not even his closest friends.
“Well,” he said slowly, “I think it looks better this way then when I was small.”
Steve looks at him, eyebrows furrowed, before realization dawns. “DUM-E? No, Tony, I couldn’t — ”
Sarah smiles softly at him. “It was nice to meet you, Tony. Goodbye.”
“Give it one go!”
he thinks.
i'm so sorry for the wait, everyone! some personal things have taken over my life, but i'm gonna try to keep writing and editing this! thank you to everyone who continues to give this lil story support :)
Steve ignores the discourse about him. “Honestly! He won't tell me what happened! That had to have hurt.”
Stark's nodding in agreement, most likely glaring behind his sunglasses.
Tony looks down at his candy. When he looks back up, Steve's already looking at him, wide-eyed. The memory of Halloween night seems to blanket the air around them.
Steve's heart seems to have finally found its position in his chest again. “I — Oh my god, Tony, you — I almost had a heart attack!”
“Extremely,” Steve says dryly. Tony feels his heart spark in childish happiness at the banter.
Peter's cheeks are burning red, but he's still working hard, just glancing at his phone every few seconds.
Vision purses his purple lips. “Well, please do make sure to tell us when there's any progress, Mr. Parker.”
Tony stays silent.
Steve chuckles, tone low, as he walks his way over to the coffee machine. “Which includes a disgusting cup of straight black,” he chirps, throwing an amused glance Tony's way. Tony feels his cheeks heat a bit, but refuses to shy away. Through the four months that he's known Steve, he still hasn't ran out of the bakery with nerves and if he starts now it's bad for self-esteem.
strain your abilities. And as you work…”
Vision takes Peter's phone in his own hands. “There is only one course to retrieve that insight, James.”
Romanoff grins supremely. The guys grumble but they all comply. Tony smiles a bit. It seems like Steve's some sort of leader. It's cool.
“It’s happening,” Peter freaks out. “Oh my God, it's happening.”
Taking a glance at the comments, Rogers already had his share of probing words thrown his way, yet Tony finds a comment that Rogers bothered to respond to.
They lay down a thick layer of blanket before piling the pillows in the middle, and draping the rest of the blankets on the couch for people to grab. Tony hums satisfactorily at the image it presents. Steve nods in agreement.
Except this time it does.
But that didn't mean no one saw them.
Congratulations! You've been matched with three other eligible users.
Tony blinks, wrapping his hands around the cold cup of coffee. “Okay? Uh — Yeah, I'm all ears, go ahead.”
Ur wellcum sluts
“Tony, darling,” his mom murmurs. She sweeps his hair back from his forehead, kissing his skin softly. “I’ll try to be home for New Year's for the move. Your father wants to get in this last meeting with the Senator in, so we can't be here on the 25th. I… Are you okay, love?”
Peter winces, before visibly braving himself as he straightens and his expression turns determined. “Mr. Stark, sir,
Mr. Stark, of course, beats him, but it takes longer than normal, and Peter supposes that it's because Mr. Stark's mind is elsewhere.
The rest of them jump back in surprise as Natasha Romanoff stares coldly at them. Sharon Carter approaches her from behind and, calmly, they stare at the boys.
Surreal.
Pepper fails to subtly rolls her eyes. “This is important, Tony. With the extensions we've been making to reach out to the public for the new StarkPhones, you need to attend — ”
evryone make sure 2 stay away from this queer, his disease might be contagious
Steve stares at him. “You honestly liked me back then? Even when I was a twig?”
“‘Leave Timely’?” Steve interrupts.
Tony stares at the caption. Looking at the picture again, and seeing Rogers from a year ago, all tiny and floppy hair that seemed too big for the rest of him, with a broad-shouldered, brown-haired, ridiculously attractive guy whose room in the background is decorated with sports trophies, and who's grinning like he just
“Oh my God, that yolk was everywhere,” Stone laughs.
Tony gives a surprised grin. “We'll just have to see if it's up to my standards.”
with his secretly therapeutic ways, can suck it.
Sam's complaining. “Nat, Buck, he's
Carter arched an eyebrow. “And you all pride yourselves in an annual prank that only shows how truly creative you lot are outside of this once a year stunt.
Sam clicks the button. Nat grins.
. Unsurprisingly, there are protests.
been in a great mood, because he didn't let it bother him too much. Tony didn't, either.
“I know that, Sam,” Paul groans. “Doesn’t change that I forgot them. I'll be back in a while.”
“That guy,” she says, pointing at Tony. The woman looks over at him, then blinks.
He brushes his teeth three times after. Then he cleans up the mess of broken bottles he made on the ground.
When the Grinch was reading the names of the citizens of Whoville and simultaneously screaming that he hates them? Wilson wheezes.
When he's finally in the fresh air, and the pulsing music of the party is left behind him, Tony throws up in M'Baku's shrubbery.
“Four?” Tony cuts in. He blinks. “Do I have to meet all of them?”
“I’ll still get my ass kicked!” Mr. Wilson exclaims. He groans. “This is literally the worst situation ever. How could I let this happen? How could I be one of the initiators for this situation?”
Tony pauses. Nods. “True. All I want right now is take a hot, steamy shower with you.”
Thor doesn't smile at him when they pass each other on the field outside. Scott Lang continually throws tiny and sharp paper airplanes at him and his group during lunch until Coulson reluctantly tells him to stop. Gamora Titan calls him an asshole when she sees him. It's the first time she's ever talked to him. News travels fast.
Tony looks over at him, his nerves wracking up.
Tony barely restrains a laugh.
Bucky scrunches his nose up before his fingers start flying across the screen.
Sam snatches the gifts up, and starts distributing. “Who cares? Let’s open them!”
Tony doesn't say anything, but he kinda doubts that.
“One last one,” Peter says firmly. “And they're supposed to be really good, so.”
By Thanksgiving day, Howard's gone, and Tony's mom has only sent a postcard from Paris, reading:
Sam heaves in a breath. Nat massages her temples.
Tony doesn't look up from the circuit board. “Yeah, kid?”
“Did you see it?” Ty hisses at Tony, as soon as Tony arrives at school the next day.
The other three glance at him, looking away quickly. Vision makes the most human noise Peter's ever heard from him: “
