“He is not his father. Howard Stark, like many from outside of our borders, would have wondered only what he could take. His son is primarily interested in what he can give. This is rare.” Steve considered this assessment as he watched Tony wave his hands animatedly as he explained something about Stark Industries’ new plans to make medical monitoring technologies affordable to everyone who needed them. It still hurt Steve’s pride a little, sometimes, to realize how quickly others could see in both versions of Tony what it had taken Steve months to understand. But he was grateful, too, that others
As reality set in, the energy in the room turned barbed and prickling. The signs of unease were everywhere; Bucky, too restless to remain still, was standing, weight shifting from foot to foot. Clint, who was almost never still
“Okay. So before we go any further, you remember your safeword?”
The thing about Bruce, though, was that he almost always zigged when Tony thought he was about to zag. (It was infuriating and incredibly arousing all at the same time.) When Bruce spoke, his tone was softer than it had been since Tony had walked in.
“How was your day yesterday, Tony?”
“I think you’re wrong. I think there’s no one who’s known you, really known you, and not benefited from it. But until you’re ready to face that, yes, Tony, I’ll keep your secret. And I’ll keep him as safe as I can manage until you’re ready to do it yourself.” She paused, her expression turning both guilty and desperate like she knew she should stop speaking but couldn’t quite force herself to do so. (It was a struggle Tony knew well.) “Just…this isn’t a condition. I’ll watch out for Peter no matter what, but can you just—stop hiding from us? Please? You don’t have to talk, or focus on the orientation stuff, or do anything you don’t want to do, but please just…no more hiding.”
some form of subspace, Tony. And then you were pushed out of it suddenly and somewhat traumatically, which led you to drop pretty hard. It’s why it feels so good to be touched right now, and why a candy I know you don't usually even like tastes like the best thing you’ve ever eaten. Sugar is good for drops. But the best thing for it is aftercare.”
“So you definitely think he’s a submissive then? Was there any Dominin in his blood?”
Tony should have been grateful to stretch out in his luxurious California King. Not only was it far kinder to his spine to be off the couch, but he was officially relieved of all Cap-watching related duties. Keeping watch over someone whose condition he barely understood had been fucking terrifying even without the added level of it being Rogers’ health and sanity in his hands.
I think that's it, but as always, feel free to let me know if you have questions or concerns.
The soundproofing here, like in the rest of the building, was thorough. Tony hadn’t heard much as the media had gathered. But when Steve had made the initial announcement of Tony’s 'return', the noise had been comparable to that of a small explosion. The roar dwarfed even the reaction to his own ‘I am Iron Man,’ mic-drop which was somehow both awesome and annoying. (It also made it virtually impossible not to think about how his own world would have responded, but that wasn’t a though to dwell on. Not today when everything was riding on Tony trying to forget that this wasn’t his universe.)
(See the end of the chapter for
“Good boy.” Just as he had in the privacy of his own room, Tony’s body responded to the praise like he’d been electrocuted. Except now Clint was here to see, and there was not a chance in the world that he’d missed how his words had affected Tony. (Hawkeye never fucking missed.) “Now isn’t that something. You talk a big game, Tony, all tough and shit, but deep down you just wanna be my good boy, hmm?” Tony shook his head in denial and reached down to grab at his own dick, to seize back some measure of control. Clint knocked his hand away almost lazily.
“Eyes up, soldier. You’re not facing a firing squad, you know.” Clint’s voice was raspier and quieter than normal, like maybe he’d yelled or cried (or both, maybe) recently, but he was at least talking to Tony, trying to tease him in some facsimile of normal. Tony dared to glance up from his feet, which were currently covered in a pair of Rhodey’s socks. “There you are. Hey sugar cookie.”
The fact that Steve Rogers was (and remains) director of SHIELD was actually an issue in the press for several years. True Dominants rarely take on such demanding positions, preferring to remain closer to home in case their submissive partners have need of them; concerns were expressed about Rogers’ ability to provide the care and guidance a true submissive requires. The previous Mr. Stark, however, shut such discussions down quickly and decisively.
“Talia,” Tony said, clearly trying not to laugh, “what exactly did you break?”
Steve’s StarkPhone has every level encryption known to man. He conducts SHIELD business on that phone. He’s spoken to four sitting Presidents on that phone. Spies, assassins, operatives hidden so deep in the shadows that if it ever leaked that Steve had so much has acknowledged their existence they’d both be finished. From calls that have shaped the course of global politics to everyday conversations with his family about what kind of ice cream Clint wants and yes, Natasha, we really
“Should I just leave you to your damn turkey sandwich?” Tony snapped. Clint arched a brow and affected an almost amused smirk that was sure to push Tony right to the brink.
“Yeah I know it is. And I bet it feels so good to get cleaned off after working so long down there, hmm? All fresh and new again. Soon you’ll be able to just slide into some pajamas and curl up in bed for some rest.”
“Dr. Chimva, welcome. And thank you for agreeing to come out early; I really appreciate it.”
“Good, good boy,” Steve crooned. “Keep your legs spread wide for me, now. I want to see, Tony. I want to see all of you. You asked me not to let you hide, remember? Now slide it in for me, nice and slow. We’re not in any kind of rush here. Just like you weren’t the other day, when you held Phil’s cock in your mouth, just kept it nice and warm for him.”
“You said you still felt like you needed something more, is all, and I thought Phil had given you the material the other Tony had gathered on that.”
“Yeah, I know. I know you need that so badly, hmm? Want to be raw and open, nowhere left to hide from me. From any of us. I’ll still teach you espionage, I swear I’ll show you how to lie to everyone else, but not from us. Never from us. Next time we do this I’m starting you off right away with a spreader bar, keep you nice and wide and open for me.” One of Clint’s fingers trailed down, circling Tony’s hole and rubbing up against his perineum with the same unhurried air with which he’d touched Tony’s cock. It was maddening. His hips rose, an invitation and a plea and a demand all at once. Clint ignored it all, settling his hand back around Tony’s cock. His only concession was to bring his other hand into play, reaching beneath the first to roll Tony’s balls idly and flick and tug lightly at the sensitive skin there. Tony was alarmed and awed to realize he was near tears.
“Are you not up in the playroom for check in right now because you can’t or don’t want to be, or because you needed me to come get you?” Bruce was holding out a banana, but he wasn’t remarking on Tony’s coffee intake (which had been higher than the agreed-upon limit for days now) or asking what else he’d managed to eat. All of this suggested Bruce was probably trying not to be overly Dominant right now, and Tony’s mind didn’t quite know what to do with that, with anything that had happened over the past several days, really.
Eventually, Steve added the salt Bruce had suggested to the water. That turned it silky and a little bit slippery, and Steve held Tony carefully as he adjusted their positions so that they were facing one another. The cloth he pressed to Tony’s skin was ridiculously soft too, better than the stuff he’d encountered at some of the world’s best spas. Steve’s care and regard were evident in everything he did, and even though Tony knew from the other side how irrational drop could be, he truly couldn’t fathom any force on Earth convincing Steve that his Dominance was anything but flawless.
May’s voice echoed around the cavernous and mostly empty confines of Peter’s new room in Avengers HQ. The newly rebuilt compound was mostly a carbon copy of the one that had been destroyed during the Battle for Earth, a fact which Peter would have known even had General Rhodes not told him when the team had been trying to sell Peter on the move. Every inch of the place that he’d seen so far practically screamed Tony Stark in its befuddling mix of opulence and thoughtful practicality. The former was frequently used to mask the latter, like the way that the futuristic glass and chrome nightstand made it easy to miss the light therapy lamp that sat atop it, or how the astronomically high thread count of the sheets drew attention away from the weighted comforter on top of them. Peter wondered sometimes if Tony had ever learned to care for someone openly, without using the showy flash of wealth or status as a cover. (When he really wanted to hurt himself, Peter wondered if Tony had found that kind of openness in the other universe. Was that why he’d stayed?)
Truly, Coulson’s records border on obsessive. I dread the day Stark ever learns about them; his head may become too large to fit through any standard doors.
Tony and Phil worked for close to two hours, hammering out a schedule that would see Tony spending roughly twenty hours per week on SHIELD and Avengers projects, and roughly another ten overseeing training and other team-specific activities. Add to that his ongoing lessons about submission (ugh), and all of a sudden his days had a shape to them, a sense of purpose and direction. He didn’t realize until midway through the process that he didn’t feel cold any longer, or that when Coulson has slid his chair around the desk so they could stop having to rotate the holographic timetable back and forth between them they had wound up with their legs pressed against one another. But with the memory of Bruce’s horrified expression this afternoon playing on a constant loop in his head, Tony couldn’t have made himself move for anything.
Phil was a pragmatist, and a man who preferred uncomfortable, even horrifying knowledge, to ignorance. But there was no good that could come of the way his brain offered up an excruciating image of Steve’s shield cracking its way into Tony’s chest, splitting it apart after all the work Tony had done to piece it back together…it was the least Steve-like thing Coulson had ever heard, and it took him down bizarre paths of wondering if their Rogers had been replaced by a skrull, or was facing some kind of insidious new mind control. (For their sake, he almost hoped that was the case.)
Steve’s room was the worst kind of quiet. Betrayal and hurt hang heavy and thick in the air. No one is looking at each other. Sam wishes, not for the first time, that he’d landed himself with a team full of slightly more emotionally competent people.
“That came out wrong. And backwards. Please forget I said it, and—”
? That’s—that’s—”
“Yes, Clint.”
Tony slept in his arms for nearly fourteen hours, and Steve didn’t waste a single second of that time on his own sleep. He spent several hours creating a mental catalogue of everything about how Tony felt in his arms—the small twitches and movements he made, what words or touches made the creases that occasionally formed between his brows even in sleep go soft and smooth again, the single perfect ringlet of hair right at the back of his neck—Steve learned all of it in as much micro-detail as he could manage while Natasha lounged next to them, her expressions ranging from amusement to something more quiet and contemplative.
, really. So the idea of getting to do it somewhere like this, that’s part of the city but sort of—I don’t know, softened a little? That feels really good to me.”
, which he was currently doing sprawled across Rhode’s lap.
“Oh, Steve mentioned you were doing some work on your college stuff today. It’s been a long damn time since I applied, but I still got some game. Where all you thinking about going?”
“Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, “The Dangers of a Single Story.” Ted Talk, available
When Clint finally made his way back to the bed (still fully dressed, the bastard), he was holding two short lengths of rope in one hand, and two leather cuffs in the other. He set them down on Tony’s bare chest, then sat down on a wooden chair next to the bed and arched a brow in silent question. As soon as Tony reached out to touch the cuffs, he knew he was lost. The rope seemed perfectly fine, but the leather was butter-soft and thick and it smelled the way that only the high quality stuff did. He was also fairly certain he’d seen Thor wearing them at some point. Clint confirmed this when he asked.
“Anything…you?” Tony asked, which bordered on nonsense but Steve had him on his hands and knees now so that he could lovingly clean every inch of Tony’s ass, and he felt he should be forgiven for the fact that it was rather hard to think under those conditions. And his Dominant understood anyway.
By the time his session with Coulson had finished, Tony had been more than a little hot and bothered. Instead of letting him take the edge off, though, Coulson handed him off to Rhodey, who wanted to eat lunch with Tony before taking off for a couple of days. He was well used to the other version of Rhodey coming and going, but the few days had allowed him to forget that his friend had commitments beyond Tony and the Avengers. His attempts to convince Rhodey to stay, however, were as unsuccessful as they usually were.
Steve and Bucky had worked hard to rebuild their relationship over the past several weeks, and Steve had never been more grateful (or irritated) by that than he was right now. While the others had respected his desire to withdraw from company, Bucky had given him less than a day before he’d used his security codes, the ones that were supposed to be strictly for emergencies, and strolled onto Steve’s floor like he owned the place. He didn’t make Steve talk, but he did force food and water on him at regular intervals, and curl up at Steve’s feet with all the soft sweetness that had once characterized his submission, but which was far more rare a display now. It was impossible for Steve’s instincts not to be soothed by that, to want to reach out and stroke Bucky’s hair and lean down to brush soft kisses against the back of his neck.
?" and begin again after the section break.
“There we go,” Bruce said in satisfaction. The first couple of times the fluid blurted out at once, almost like mini-orgasms. Soon it slowed to a steady, soundless drip-drip-drip. Still, Bruce made no move to stop, or even to slow down the relentless rhythm he’d set.
“Five minutes? More like five seconds. I tried to go after him—I tried to after you Peter, I swear I did, I couldn’t figure out how you’d gotten away so damn fast. Which I guess makes sense now, with the—” She made a gesture that was probably supposed to mimic Peter’s web-slinging action.
As he spoke, Taskmaster reached for something in the utility belt he wore slung around his waist. It was metal and circular, a handle protruding from one end which looked to control jaw-like protrusions sticking out the other side. For a moment Steve knew something close to relief, because it appeared far too crude to be a piece of StarkTech Taskmaster had cloned. But Tony made a noise from inside the suit, something too raw and pained to be feigned, that even the armour’s modulation couldn’t quite mask; Taskmaster’s smile grew more vicious still.
The extent to which Tony wanted that was frightening. It had been an option for a matter of seconds, and already he felt like he might fucking die if Coulson took it away. There weren’t words to communicate desire that deep or guttural; Tony sank further onto Phil’s cock, trying to demonstrate the extent of his need. Phil made a gut-punched sound that took the shape of Tony's name.
On the evening of Rhodes’ arrival, Sam finally corners his jackass friend in the gym. Bucky offers to spar, and Sam considers taking him up on it, because releasing the tension of the past several days feels appealing. But he knows damn well that Bucky will use that opportunity to avoid the topic. They’ll fight, they’ll argue, someone will probably end up getting ‘accidentally’ hit in the junk, it’ll be a whole thing. So Sam goes for the direct route.
“Well there are ten shirts and three pairs of underwear here. No socks. No pants, even. So if you intend to take this domestic thing of yours full time, I’m going to have some notes for you, buddy.” Taking very unkindly to what was apparently an unacceptable delay, Dummy yanked the blankets entirely off the bed, and then focused his lens pretty clearly on the sweater Tony had fallen asleep in the night before. The bot began rolling ominously forward, claw extended, and Tony leapt out of bed. “Okay, okay, I’m up! And I might vomit—oh, no, we’re good. Okay, I'm up. No need to start ripping my clothes off. While I put something on that
. Worked on me and these guys,” Butterfingers whistled in protest, “and gal, sorry dear. He’d work on us for hours. Plus he’d use the time to teach me about all kinds of music he thought I should know about. For a long time it was one of the only things I had to look forward to. So when he was gone, I…well, I ain’t a genius like he was, but I couldn’t just leave ‘em down here alone. I pieced together what I could from watching him do it, and JARVIS taught me the rest.”
While many expected this announcement to be followed by an intense press tour full of intimate sit-down interviews, or a more aggressive presence at SI from Stark himself, the Avengers’ PR staff instead announced early this morning that the team intends to take a month long leave of absence. Their specific destination was not provided, but the purpose of this extended break is hardly a mystery: as Tony Stark himself made clear, he and his partners are still healing from the events of recent years, and obviously wish for both privacy and time to focus on that process.
Thor had been in pretty desperate need of a good scene, and Steve had been more than happy to oblige. The man was absolutely resplendent in bondage, the bookended answer to the way he was in battle, and several of the others hadn’t had the chance to witness the way the Asgardian rope was truly capable of holding him without threat of breakage or strain in the face of Thor’s strength. Natasha was threading it through her fingers and pulling with an appreciative murmur, while Phil looked in interest over her shoulder. From the way his gaze also kept sneaking over to one of the walls that contained a set of mounted manacles, however, Steve suspected Phil was struggling to decide precisely which side of the bondage he most wanted to be on tonight. From the very fact that he could read this from a man whose expressions were often so carefully controlled, Steve suspected he knew how the debate would end.
. Okay? I know I owe you, I know it was shitty that I lied before. But this assignment, it’s…I can’t fucking do it. Ask me something else, anything else.” At last, Phil set his tablet and coffee down. He still didn’t get off the couch, though, nor did he seem to understand how thoroughly fucked up this assignment of his was proving Tony Stark to be. He was actually smiling a crooked, mischievous little grin that felt like it should have belonged to Clint or maybe Bucky. Tony wondered how it was possible to be both highly suspiciously and very slightly turned on by a smile.
“I… pardon?” The doctor was taken by surprise.
Tony grumbled something and shifted even closer to Bruce.
The Alpha struggled for a moment more, but went limp when a close step brought the size of The Hulk’s foot into stark contrast. Tony’s nose wrinkled at the scent of uric acid. Gross, and the guy was on top of him too.
Tony hummed in understanding and then turned to the Omega previously in danger.
Bruce turned his head when he heard the elevator doors open with a ding.
“For the
“Tony, please listen to the doctor,” Bruce said quietly, “He knows what's best for you.” Bruce tried his best to keep up with Tony as they walked out of the room.
Tony tapped his foot impatiently.
“This happens a lot with your generation of Omegas,” the doctor continued, ”Fathers thought that their Omega sons would be safer as Betas and taught their children to abuse these drugs.”
After the elevator doors closed behind the Omega, Steve shook himself from whatever remnant of Tony’s lingering scent was trying to keep a grip on him.
“Now that I have your attention, you may as well stay and hear the rest of my verdict, since you’ve already paid the fee for my consultation, and you’ll only hear a repetition of my opinion when you go seek another, no need for you to hear it but once,” the doctor continued, matching Tony’s hard gaze with his own unyielding will.
Steve smiled and proceeded to lead the way.
Tony kept his head down. The cap and sunglasses were enough to obstruct the majority of Tony's noticeable features: years of slipping past paparazzi had proven the strategy a reliable method. But today, there was something off about him. Tony didn’t tell Bruce yet. He couldn’t. There was just something off about being outside in the busy, crowded, smelly streets of New York that had Tony on edge.
of leaving again, was so powerful he had to clench his hands into fists and imagine fighting it the same way he’d fight any unimaginably strong foe.
He stretched out on his bed, groaning as a spring creaked audibly underneath him. He was just as frugal as his parents had raised him to be, and always insisted on staying on base for these kinds of trips rather than being put up in hotels, but his body was definitely missing the perfectly firm mattresses and expensive sheets of Tony’s house. Rolling his eyes at how soft he’d apparently become, Rhodey considered his options. He hadn’t been planning on having what amounted to a group chat with the entire team when he’d started this; he’d just wanted a quick update on Tony, really. They’d probably understand if he backed out, maybe even be grateful for the lack of a distraction.
), and wound through the innumerable sketches and chemical formulas and testing data that dotted the screens. It was all practical stuff, because that was how probably every version of Tony Stark best knew how to demonstrate attachment to someone, but the detail, the sheer volume, the attention to comfort as well as efficiency and effectiveness…the guy might as well have doodled his initials and the team’s and surrounded them all with a big heart.
“I mean, I’ve learned never to speak in absolutes, so maybe, sure. Anything’s possible given the right context. But this, Masdee…it’s so
As always, your questions, comments, and kudos are a bright spot in a dark, weird time. I hope you're all hanging in there!
Your comments, kudos, and questions continue to give me life. Thank you!
Tony had quickly became a staple in SHIELD HQ. In the span of just over a week he had charmed Steve’s assistant, wormed his way into the R&D Department to provide both welcome and unwelcome suggestions about their tech development, and fortified the security of their networks. And those were only the things Steve knew about.
Other days…other days were not like that at all. Sometimes Tony rankled at the control, at the way the team wanted access to his body and his time and his mind, at the way they
“He told me he was with Thor. It seems safe to assume he’s been lying to all of us. The fact that he changed Ms. Potts's access codes also suggests to me that JARVIS was a party to the deception.”
Finally! No, truly, however else I might feel about conveying Stark's emotional state, I am still human. I thrive on gossip. (Plus I am about to reveal myself as the hero of this entire story, which has been way too long in the making.)
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re a better man than he was, and a better father.”
And speaking of part two, there will likely be a break of a few weeks before we get started. Lots of exciting but also time-consuming and exhausting stuff going on personally and professionally. I assure you the story is in no way abandoned! And I’ll still be popping in with AskStrange replies, as well as some ficlets from my other verse.
As they made their way back to the car, Bruce discussed the book he had been reading. In all honesty, Tony would’ve paid more attention to him, it's just that there was a particular scent carrying in the dead wind of the city as they passed an alleyway.
He wasn't safe.
Tony's eyes flickered open when Bruce shook him lightly.
Bruce carefully pulled Tony's hands from his abdomen. “Does it hurt here?—” Bruce gently pressed down a few inches above Tony’s belly button, “—or here?”
“Bruce! Bruce, you need to come to the Stark tower quick!” Steve urged.
“Get out,” Tony breathed out. He noticed the alpha stir, confusion and distress hung on the air that only agitated Tony further.
“Steve, Tony has to go see a doctor. I'll get an appointment, but you need to help Tony get ready.”
Bruce gave a hearty chuckle as he shook his head. “Yeah, it’s the heat. It affects behavior, hormones screwing with the brain and such. Without constant contact and comfort, anything resembling function is out of the question. You can’t eat or sleep by yourself because you can’t even begin to think straight.” Bruce hesitated for a moment as he opened the food bar, eyeing Steve to see if he caught the subtle shift to an inclusive perspective.
Well, that’s the excuse he gave to his makeshift construction crew of his 3 only friends. In reality, Tony was t-minus 2 days until going into heat and outing his best kept secret. This of course, wouldn’t have happened if New York wasn’t attacked by an alien Demigod last week.
Steve let out an uncomfortable sigh. “Alright then. See you soon?”
Tony jerked up. “What obvious problems?”
“J-JARVIS! Lock my floor.
Steve ran into the common room dazed and panicked, stumbling on his feet. Had he
Jumping straight into Tony getting his heat. Nothing sexual but if you're worried about that, why are you here? JK, love you guys.
“Of course it isn’t your fault. You’re the unfortunate victim of societal trends, and you’ve been left to deal with the consequences of someone else’s decisions. But make no mistake, recovery is not only possible but well documented.”
They were lead to the furthest examination room from the lounge area. So far, it seemed that Bruce had handled the matter rather gently, but Tony didn't risk jinxing himself just yet.
“How about you, are you okay?”
Tony cried out in pain and fell onto his bed.
“Captain handsome, right?”
“You’re the doct—” Tony doubled over clutching his midsection as repeated a more recognizable form of the noise: a whimper.
“Didn't work the first time, of course it didn't, when does it ever,” Tony complained to no one.
"And decent." Bruce added as Tony stalked across the room.
“I said, gET OUT!”  Tony lashed out only to feel his guts twist painfully. An almost silent whimper of pain escaped him.
Tony snarled. He opened his mouth to argue with the other Omega, but something else entirely escaped his mouth.
Bruce didn’t budge.
Steve's head nodded from side to side in a quick calculation of his activities. He paused for a second. “A little more than seventy hours?” Steve finally answered.
Bruce entered the kitchen. The distant look on his face matched Steve’s exhausted expression; the Alpha was spaced as he leaned over the counter with his arms crossed, his head low.ing more evident
“Come sit with me,” Tony invited, patting the spot next to him. Bruce gave a curt yet sheepish nod and crawled across bed. He made himself comfy next to Tony, making sure to keep pleasant pressure of physical contact. Tony leaned into the comfort that Bruce gave.
Steve laughed shortly in amusement. “I wouldn't take Tony as a murderous cuddler.”
Right then, the atmosphere changed. The still air carried a different scent.
The Alpha let his grip slip from Tony, unceremoniously dumping him to the ground and stealing the breath from his lungs with it.
“Yeah, I'm not sure if I could take another day of being smothered by Tony's death hugs,” Bruce joked as he reached into a cabinet for an energy bar.
Bruce elbowed Tony, causing him to yelp.
“Get off of her.” Tony growled low, baring his teeth. Small fangs glinting in the light.
It was new.
As they walked across the floor of the tower, Tony noticed a few things. A few major things. A few very interesting things.
Until he breathed in.
Bruce looked down. “Tony, your hormones are all over the place. I mean—” Bruce waved his had in front of his nose. “—your scent is very potent. You reek of afterheat and I can smell your moodiness.”
The Alpha turned to where Bruce had been, where the newly, strong, musty, ripe scent of unsweetened gray tea came from.
“Hey Tony, Steve brought you some food.”
Tony looked down to his watch for a reference. “Wait, how often did you sleep?” Tony asked, confused. The math Tony counted in his head didn't add up: he had only been in his heat haze for the better part of three days, ending a few hours ago by his reckoning, but if what Steve said was true... His math couldn't be wrong, it was never wrong...
It took Steve a moment to gather his thoughts together.
Steve shook his head, giving Bruce a sheepish smile. “It’s nothing, I just want to take care of my team.”
comes in!” Tony yelled at the ceiling.
A part of Tony broke in that moment. He didn't show it though, as a numbness came over him.
He then blacked out as the wave of pain sharpened.
“You were looking for me? I didn’t know I was that famous.”
The Alpha snarled and charged at Tony, grabbing his hoodie and lifting him a few inches off the ground. Tony gasped and struggled, clawing at the Alpha’s jacket with his own finely manicured nails.
Tony proceeded to pull a wad of wires out of the small door and examined them. A few seconds of intense inspection, then Tony called out to the ceiling. “JARVIS, run diagnosis.”
Bruce immediately went to try to diffuse the situation. “Hey man, let’s not do anything rash-!” Bruce was cut off when the Alpha pushed him down. Bruce’s head cracked against the ground.
Tony chuckled. “Haha, yeah. What a shocker.” He said sarcastically. Tony tried taking a few steps before he felt the room spin around him.
Steve had to stop for a second to register the instructions and was about to ask why but Banner practically read his mind over the phone. “He needs to be comforted by the scents of the team. It will help with the pain.” Bruce said quietly.
Tony sighed, letting it sink in for a moment, before he turned and looked at Bruce.
Tony sighed. “I’m not used to all the scents.” Tony pressed his head closer to Bruce. “Everything is usually watered down and thin.”
"Tony!"
Bruce chuckled. “I thought you would be done with hugging after your heat was over?”
“It's okay Tony.” Bruce said calmly as he gently put a hand on his shoulder. The warm touch seemed to overpower the pain he had been feeling. He jumped at the change and shied away from the hand only for the pain to return.He turned fully to the other omega.
“What is it now?” Steve said turning to Bruce.
“How do you feel?” Bruce asked.
seen Tony in heat? He didn't even know Tony was an omega. For all he had known he was a beta. Was he just so caught up in the New York battle to even notice the secondary gender of his teammate? No, he noticed Bruce was an omega, smelled a hint of omega even on Clint. How could he have not scented Tony? Steve placed a hand on his forehead.
“I can't do that, doc.” Tony said bitterly. “I've got work to do. Now more than ever. No rest for the wicked...” Tony spoke with defeat heavy in his voice as reality sank in like salt on a raw wound.
“I'm on my way Cap, don't worry.” “
"T-Tony?" Steve whined at the scent that reached his nose. A sweet rain like scent fresh and warm. His whine got the attention of the omega in the bed and he turned to face him.
It was an easy problem to find. Some wires had malfunctioned and needed to be replaced. Steve didn't take long to come back with the tools, and it took even less time to fix the problem. When Tony finished, he got up and went for the elevator without a word.
Tony gave a long, final look to the doctor before he crossed the threshold of the room. “He told us what we needed to know and now we’re leaving.”
Tony woke up later in a sweaty and icky mess. A cascade of empty bottles of booze clattered to the ground as Tony got off his couch.
It was by no means new scent, it was definitely there earlier, but it had... changed. Transformed.
Whoop there it is! Oh God, did I just give away my age? Anyways, uploads are gonna go pretty smoothly with my outline. But I still have to figure out how to get used to AO3.
A low growl escaped Tony, and he stalked a few steps towards the Alpha. The man turned to see him and almost laughed, “Are you lost pal? I would help, but I'm kinda in the middle of something, so fuck off.”
“Burgers from that one fast food joint six miles away. And you’re also not allowed to use his cars.”
Anyways thanks for reading and I'll see you soon!
“Where was I…” the doctor regathered his thoughts after the tense interlude. “Ah. Yes. Substance abuse. It won’t be easy to give up your suppressants, most certainly not cold turkey like this, but there are a few coping mechanisms we can discuss, such as discussion groups or therapy.”
“Let’s hear him out,” Bruce suggested softly. Tony said nothing, accepting with his brooding silence.
Which reminded Bruce...
“I would also suggest that you grant override codes to Ms. Potts, Mr. Hogan and Colonel Rhodes in cases of emergency until you have fully recovered.” JARVIS said. Tony hissed in disapproval. “No!” Tony said through clenched teeth. “No, don’t let any of them see me like this.” Tony said curling  further into himself.
Steve was hit with a need to stay beside Tony, an odd pull towards him. A need to look after him: to protect him. That was when Steve noticed his nose flaring involuntarily, and he understood what was happening to him.
When the doctor told him the news, Tony shut down building repairs, which thankfully left only the bare necessities to a semi functional state.
Bruce hummed, obviously making metal notes.
“With all respect, Mr. Carbonell, you may obtain a second opinion. And a third. And as many as you like until you find one you agree with, but all the accredited and rational opinions will agree with mine,” the doctor matched Tony’s harsh tone in a brief reprise from professional courtesy.
The omega's eyes met his. Beautiful, brown eyes, half lidded. The omega took a big breath in, obviously searching for the alpha. But when he found it, the omega didn't give the reaction Steve imagined he would, instead Tony's eyes flew open with panic.
Bruce had parked Tony’s car a good distance from the clinic so as to avoid arousing suspicion, but all Tony could think was that it wasn’t close enough. Tony continued to fixate on the passing faces and the expressions they bore, fearful of the hidden motives against him.
The man struggled, but Tony grappled him with a snarl. “You’d better stay down if you know what’s good for you.” He echoed the Alpha’s earlier threat. “Now quit it with the angry scent, or you’ll kill us both.” He was only half-lying.
From all the scenarios that Steve had conjured up in his mind. This. This was not one of them.
Tony's knee bounced furiously as he clung to his jacket. Saying he was nervous was an understatement. You could smell the fear on him. He tried to spray himself profusely with scent blockers before they left for the doctor's, but his newly awakened endocrine system was hard at work pumping out as many Omega pheromones as possible before his body went back to being numb with suppressants.
The door next to the counter opened and a Beta nurse poked out. “Tom Carbonell? The doctor is ready for you.”
“Yeah, it’s done with,” Bruce reported, rubbing the heel of his palm over his forehead.
Tony blinked, surprised by Steve's tone. An odd flutter bloomed in his chest. Tony quickly squashed the new feeling and mentally shook himself. He pushed himself off the door frame. “Alright, Capsicle. Let's see what's going on.”
“Yes. I just walked in on accident. I don't think he was so far along or he would have…”
Steve blinked and straightened up a bit, deliberately avoiding Bruce's eyes in discomfort. “I ...managed…” Steve paused. ”Between the errands you sent me on, I would try reading books, cleaning, playing cards, fixing up things here in the tower, or learning a bit more of what happened while I was under the ice. To….ya’ know... try to keep my mind busy,” He shifted uncomfortably.
Tony shifted closer to Bruce. His smooth and sweet Earl grey scent was the only thing familiar to Tony and he tried to cling to it.
Steve walks in and calls Bruce for help.
“Good, you remembered.” Tony said, slightly annoyed at being interrupted, but he couldn't help but crack a cruel grin at the wickedly amusing phrase. “You just say that and the doors just open up.” Tony lazily waved.
That is, up until Bruce stumbled in.
"What d’ya want, Capsicle?" Tony snarled, crossing his arms in open frustration.
The Alpha gave a low growl. “Okay, it was fun at the start, but that’s enough of you guys.” He released the girl, who shrank against the wall, hitting the ground with a soft whimper.
“Side effects of alcohol consumption.”
“Oh hey Cap, what's up. Is there something wrong?”
The Hulk’s frame began to shrink, and eventually Bruce was back with him.
Before Bruce could speak, the doors opened and Steve ran in. “Banner! Is there something wrong? Is it Tony?” he asked in a worried tone.
Tony finally spoke up when the elevator doors closed. “Looks like you’ve been a bit busy, huh?”
“Don't you dare rope anyone else into this,” Tony snarled.
“Tony's in heat.” Steve said slowly, letting the news sink in.
Tony stood there for a few moments as Bruce's nerves frayed bit by bit the more he stared at Tony’s vacant attention.
He had to run.
“Shit. Please no, don’t say that Brucie. I thought you were a doctor.” Tony sighed and placed his head on his hands.
The doctor walked in and briefly introduced himself before heading straight to work with his clipboard.
Nothing had happened yet, but it didn’t look like she had much more time.
“I’m done here.” Tony said as he stood and gathered his things.
“JARVIS, call Steve to come here, say it's urgent. I need to call a doctor.” Bruce said to the ceiling.
give him some space. I'll be there in around an hour.” Steve absently nodded to himself.
“Try to gather as much water and energy bars as possible. Also make a pile of the team's dirty clothes.”
Yeah, Tony’s heat was still definitely affecting him.
The Alpha laughed harder now. “Why do you care, Omega? Not like she’s complaining.” He snickered as the girl kept quiet. “ Besides, what's it to you?”
fast.
, he thought to himself,
“To-... Mr. Tom, you need to calm down,” Bruce stepped in, placing a hand on Tony’s shoulder.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, YOU calm down!” Tony stood, disarming Bruce’s sympathy and pushing him away. “We’re leaving.”
“How dare you!” Tony breathed, looking up from under furious brows at the doctor, his very gaze a weapon.
The Alpha laughed low, taunting her as she cried almost silently, trapped between a tyrant and a hard place. To the Alpha, this all must have been a sick game of cat and mouse to win over the Omega. As if she was merely an object to be won.
“It's voice activated. I gave you a code word—”
“See you then.” Steve said shortly. “Bye” Bruce said and ended the call.
The man paused for a second, studying a struggling Tony. “Hey... wait a second. You're-”
In a blink of an eye, Steve was already gone. Tony sighed, feeling an odd relief with the Alpha’s presence absent. He shook out the feeling and went back to work.
He was tired and in pain, it didn't take long for him to fall into another, deep sleep.
The man roared and went to charge the monster. Tony dove for the man’s hips, bringing him down atop him. The girl screamed, distracting The Hulk from their struggle.
“Is it that obvious I’ve never done this before—whatever this is?” Tony wondered. “No wait, don’t answer that. Just. Tell me what I’m supposed to do here. Is it just paperwork? Because I really don’t really feel like filing things out in triplicate right now. In fact I think I’ve developed a very specific allergy to the type of paper that—”
“You wanna make fun o’me that’s fine, jerk, but you’re gonna help while you mock. Grab a toothbrush.” Bucky huffed, and muttered several complaints that seemed to centre around duplicating the jobs of the cleaning staff and Steve being a bossy little shit. Both happened to contain elements of truth, so Steve ignored him in favour of spraying the grout with a vinegar and water mixture.
“He hasn’t been in to SHIELD since, but I figured he just needed a couple days off to focus on some of his other duties. And JARVIS said, or at least suggested, that he was with you,” Steve finished, pointing at Natasha. She arched a manicured brow and shook her head.
He looked back down at the collar and carefully unbuckled it to get a closer look. At first glance it seemed simple, almost plain: a thick strip of dark brown leather that perfectly matched the staining on the box. Inside, on the part of the collar that would sit against his neck, the leather was embossed. His fingers slid over the odd assortment of hexagons, lines and circles for what was (for Tony at least) an embarrassingly long period of time before he understood. They were molecules.
“Yeah. I…yes, ‘m sorry, I’m sorry.”
Content Notes: The first response contains brief allusions to stereotypical ideas about gender and sexuality from our universe. (The Doctor is, obviously, not speaking in favour of them!) The third response is Rhodey's POV during the punishment scene from chapter 46, so all the warnings from that chapter apply. Otherwise, I don't think there's anything requiring separate warnings or notes in these ones; as always, feel free to let me know if you have questions or concerns.
Bruce quietly tip-toed his way across the room and softly climbed onto the bed, careful not to jostle the food in the paper bag.
“Oh this is stupid. FRIDAY, you can still connect to Karen, can’t you?”
“C’mere and help me cook up something for lunch.” Tony was not the only one to make a doubtful noise at that proclamation, but he was the loudest. And the only one to also throw a cloth at Rhodey’s head, which in hindsight was probably not the best idea. Rhodey left the bright yellow thing on his head though, even as he bent down to retrieve a frying pan that Tony hadn’t known he owned. (Had that been in the other version of this house too?)
From his perch atop the long conference table in the centre of the room, Clint declared,
Which was how he had ended up standing in an unmoving elevator, contemplating the absurdity that had become his life.
“But it doesn’t even have a doorman!”
While Natasha glided soundlessly to the table and removed a place setting, Steve pulled out a chair for May. Clint, who had come to absolutely adore May in recent weeks, served her a heaping plate full of anything she so much as glanced at. The conversation limped forward a bit awkwardly at first; both Tony and May were so occupied with trying to pretend not to be overly affected by Peter’s absence that they were neither of them at their social best. But eventually Steve started a conversation about medicine. May loved her work enough that she couldn’t help but be drawn in, and soon they were trading podcast recommendations and bemoaning the rise of psuedo-scientific ‘treatments’ like old friends.
“Calls herself Hawkeye,” Tony informed him proudly. “No, Clint doesn’t know yet, and yes I will record every micro expression when he finds out. It’s going to be next-level hilarious. Maybe I should sell tickets instead. America, now!”
“—but it’s intended more than anything as a gift. If it starts to feel like something else, you have your yellow as well as your all-stop safeword. And remember that there’s also no required number or amount of time we need to spend here. A big part of the aim is to get you to a place where you can accept everything else we want to give you. When you’re there, all you have to do is tell us. Understand?”
What is most unusual, then, about Coulson, Barton and Romanov’s arrangement to allow for intersections of professional and orientational dynamics is that it is deliberate and ongoing.
By the time he shook off the dream and made his way to the palace, he was nearly half an hour late for the meeting with Masdee’s team and the dora. He slipped in the back as quietly as he could.
“Quit it, brat. Ain’t nothin’ going on right now that requires you to see. And trust me, if you push too much too fast you’ll end up with a vicious migraine. Just sit up a little—yeah, perfect, that angle’s fine. Open your mouth for me now.”
In some ways I would say that their dynamic is a rarity. The taboo against workplace orientation is so embedded in North American culture that even partners who do work together usually endeavour to avoid even a hint of orientational dynamics intersecting with their workplace roles. However, SHIELD missions are unpredictable and can occasionally be extended beyond past when deprivation might otherwise set in, or involve circumstances that trigger a need for orientation-based support. As a result, there are occasional temporary power exchanges between agents.
“Bruce says cortisol really impacts orientation here. How could you tell the difference between him needing to submit and him just having a shitty day at the office? They’d all manifest as stress symptoms, wouldn’t they?” Natasha smiled, leaning over to refill Tony’s coffee from the press he’d brought with him while she considered the question.
Tony wanted to protest, in a kind of submissive-allies kind of way, the idea of Natasha being punished for something that had clearly been the result of bad communication more than anything else. But then he saw the way her eyes closed again, this time with something that seemed to resemble relief. (Bruce had this. Whatever this was, Bruce was just as capable of making sure that Natasha and Clint got what they needed as he was when it was Tony on that bench.)
How could he not, though? Rhodes’ style of Dominance was like nothing Steve had ever really seen before. For the others, including Steve himself, non-sexual Domination was part of a broader whole, but Rhodes took a clear and deep fulfillment from those interactions all on their own. He was brilliant, which Steve knew on an abstract level (the guy was a literal rocket scientist after all), but where Tony could never stop himself from showcasing his genius, Rhodes was so controlled and strategic about deploying his own that it almost lulled a person into a false sense of security. He felt like just another one of the guys, right up until the moment where he swerved and did something you could never have predicted, like getting Tony to cook or to
It took a while after that for the two of them to do much more than grip one another, each pretending not to see the other’s shining eyes or taste the hint of salt on their lips during the desperate kisses they exchanged. But eventually Tony had recovered enough that he started to press more heat and desire into his touches; slowly, Steve began to respond in kind.  Though his gaze never entirely lost that hint of awe that being handed the pseudo-arc reactor had given it, his touches became less gentle and more urgent and demanding. They parted from what had felt like an endless kiss so that Tony could gasp in some breath (so sue him, he didn’t have the lung capacity of a super soldier), and Steve grinned sheepishly.
“No,” he said, half surprised at how sure he was at the answer. He had some work to do (didn’t they all?) but he trusted himself enough to do it.
“You have no idea how lucky you are that you’re wrong.” Then, without giving the other man much time to ponder what he’d said, Steve lunged.
“It’s the Infinity War that’s still the least clear,” he added, because the near-ending of the universe felt in some ways a less painful prospect to dwell on. “We know, of course, about the Soul Stone, the reason Tony felt he had to be the one to wear the gauntlet. Clint, you told me the recovery of the stones involved time travel. We know that there were two battles with Thanos, the first of which was unsuccessful and resulted in the temporary deaths of half their world’s population. The second, of course, the Avengers and their allies won. Both wars were total and almost unimaginable in scale.”
“So what happened up there? Was it a little weird to actually get the thing you wanted, Peter showing up and everything? It wouldn’t mean you don’t care for him if that’s the case.”
“It’s so unfair that you ended up with Bucky’s sniper rifle. Of
“Steve. We’ve been at this for a few sessions now. And while I’m happy to hear yet another treatise on why the Dodgers should have stayed in Brooklyn or instructions how to retrieve Hawkeye from any vent work—that one may actually come in useful at some point—I am frankly paid too much to serve as the acquaintance you make small talk with.”
“I…loving him, it was like seeing everything, the whole world, differently. It was…sort of like the same way the serum had effected me, but in my head.” He paused instinctively, then, waiting for Domen to laugh or express some kind of incredulity at the notion that he was comparing love to the supersoldier serum that had transformed his entire physiology, but she didn’t. She sat across from him, patient and focused and taking notes on her ever-present tablet, and he felt a surge of gratitude where he once might have been irritated or hurt by her emotional removal.  "When I first woke up here all I wanted was to go back. All I could see was what I'd lost, and the ways that the future was disappointing. With Tony…I could see its potential. I could imagine its future, picture myself making it better. It…he made me…kinder, more patient, more generous.”
“Do what?”
Steve saw very little of Natasha, Bruce, or Tony for the next two days. Given how cursed Tony’s previous experiences with aftercare seemed to be Steve supposed that was a good thing, and he took Dr. Domen’s advice to try to focus his attention on other things as much as possible. He and Clint had a memorable scene with Phil; Steve attended another art class; he devoted countless hours to strategy sessions and memos and phone calls related to the workplace orientation program. The latter, while often aggravating, did at least give him an excuse to call Talia and check in.
So why, then, couldn’t Tony sit still? He shifted and fidgeted and twitched all the way through the first cartoon and into the second, which featured the two mice on his pajamas. The chair was obscenely comfortable, it wasn't that, nor was it the company making him uncomfortable, something just…wasn’t right. It was like the physical equivalent of the niggling sensation of knowing you’d forgotten something. He cast his eyes about the room, searching for some kind of visual trigger as to what the hell was the matter with him. When his gaze found its way to the floor at Coulson’s feet for the third time, he groaned in quiet realization. (He was
“You’re sure it goes there?”
He could see the dangerous signs of anger from the team. But if Tony stopped to dwell on the hints of green on Bruce’s skin, or the way Bucky body’s body language went from open and playful to closed and threatening in seconds, he knew he would never brave this subject again.
All assignments will be submitted electronically to the Stark Secure Server by 11:59 PM on the stated due-date. Completed assignments should follow CSE formatting.
“Wash your hands before we eat, sweetheart.”
Phil supposed it made sense that without orientation playing a role, marriage would have a more powerful role in Tony’s original universe. But his head was also spinning at the idea of facing a second set of expectations, especially since they wouldn't even know what most of them were. The others were just as lost.
To this end, our general course objectives will focus on:
“Death may end a life, but not necessarily a relationship,” she’d said. “I’d like you to do some thinking about what kind of relationship you would like to have with Tony—your Tony—how you can hold onto your bond without denying the fact of his death. Spend some time, no less than say half an hour, journalling on this. Just put pen to paper and write whatever you’re thinking, don’t stop to edit or critique or second-guess. You don’t have to share all of what you say with me, but I will expect to discuss some of your thoughts during our next session.”
“But I could—” he started to offer for the third time. Clint’s arched brow stopped him short.
Tony was…fine. Really, truly at peace with the scene, and with the part of him that had asked to be treated that way. In his own world it would have been weird as hell; he likely never would have known or thought to ask for it in the first place. But here, well, it was hard to get self-conscious about much when his partners were practically begging him to explore, to be greedy, to take what he wanted. Tony barely even wrestled with himself when he found that he was missing check-in the next morning, despite the fact that it was his day off from subbing. He found Bruce in the sunroom, sprawled across a lounge chair in linen pants and a loose blue tunic reading a book and sipping from a tall glass of lemonade on a table next to him. He was the very image of relaxation, loose-limbed and content, and Tony’s heart ached pleasantly to see it. He hoped that wherever Bruce had wound up in Tony’s old world, he felt half this good.
For all his assurances that he wasn’t after some kind of elevator-shenanigans, Clint made a point of stepping right into Tony’s space the second the doors closed. Tony had a ridiculous vision of some medical drama Pepper had used to watch where the male lead had sniffed at his counterpart’s hair in elevators a lot, and laughed nervously.
“How long do you have after the fluid is exposed to air before it starts to degrade?”
The one good thing about somehow having managed to be humiliated by his own intelligence the day before was that he was already devoid of fucks to give when he arrived at Avengers Tower on Friday afternoon. JARVIS greeted him by name, which had already become disturbingly familiar, and glided smoothly down to the workshop levels.
Apart from the minor (yes, Tones,
Every bit of the effort had been worth it. Thor’s head was tipped back, cock jutting proudly at a near ninety-degree angle, cradled by another knot of rope. He didn’t ask for relief on that front, however. Thor wasn’t asking for much at all; he’d been practically non-verbal since Steve had actually gotten him in the air. His pleasure seemed beyond the usual expansive poetics that Thor carried from the battlefield into the bedroom, a quiet sort of ecstasy that felt almost improper for a human to witness.
The quiet, though. Anyone who served long enough learned that the quiet was what you really needed to fear.
“Did I get something on my suit?” Steve asked, breaking Tony’s train of thought; apparently his gawking at Steve had finally gotten to be too much. Tony shook his head and hastily stuffed a handful of french fries in his mouth, then proceeded to attempt to talk because he was clearly trying out for the world’s most awkward date awards. Before Steve could even bother telling him that he couldn’t comprehend the fry-muffled babble, Tony swallowed the mass of potato and tried again.
Do you regularly work 8+ hour days without access to orientation-based interactions? Do you frequently find yourself feeling unstable or unwell by the time your shifts are complete? The Orientational Research Collective at Berkley University is urgently seeking participants for a twelve month study designed to determine the mental, emotional and biochemical effects of the standards workday on orientation wellness. Peoples of all orientations, as well as gender, sexual, racial, ethnic, and religious identities are welcome to apply.
“Hmm? Oh, yes, it was fine. I suspect Talia does not fully realize the reality of what she has agreed to yet; our methods are so different from your own that she knows but cannot possibly understand how different her daily life will be. So while I fully anticipate some revisions becoming necessary, for now we are on the same page. And you, Captain Rogers?”
“You told me you need to rest. That’s all I want for you, Tony. That’s all I’ve ever wanted for every version of you I have ever known. I couldn’t give him that in the end, I couldn’t protect him or save him from so many kinds of hurts. And I know you’re not him. It’s not about trying to get a do-over or…I don’t know, trying to fix him through you or something. I just, I think I…we could really give you the things you need if you let us, I think we could be so good for each other, Tony, and I want, I, fuck I’m making a mess of this.” Steve ran a frustrated hand through his hair, and when he exhaled his breath smelled like toothpaste and faintly like stomach acid. It should have been the least romantic attempt at winning someone over in history.
Peter learns he is not the only powered teenager Tony spends his time with, and is surprised to find he cares.
“That’s the first thing you have to say to me? Damn, I gotta up my game.”
“You don’t owe her, or me, an apology for her death. She made a choice she believed in, and from the sounds of it, it’s one she never would have had to make if any of those fools had listened to you in the first place. And she couldn’t save you either, Tony, none of them did. Why do you expect me to be angry with you when you aren’t with any of them, hmm? Your life is worth the same. It matters just as much.” He shook his head in painful denial; Natasha sighed, but didn’t push that point further, for which Tony was immensely grateful. “Remember what you were actually just punished for today. Not for her death. That does not and will never warrant punishment. You were punished because you needed to talk about this, and it was information I clearly should have had before we scened together, and you kept it from me. I understand a lot more about why, but we also can’t prove to you that we’re worth trusting if you don’t give us opportunities to try. Can you let us try,
Tony gasped as his knees buckled under his weight and was left shivering on the floor. He wasn’t trying to be melodramatic, but this new experience was dizzying and completely foreign to him.
Bruce chuckled, “Alright, that's fair.” He padded Tony's hand. “Come on, let's not keep the doctor waiting.”
“I'm getting on the chopper now, I'll be there in around an hour and a half.”
The Hulk roared, causing the girl to scream and scramble to her feet in fear. She stood there crying as the Alpha man took a few steps back. The Hulk took a step toward them, then another, his presence filling the entirety of the space and suffocating the Alpha’s scent.
Steve scrambled for his phone and clumsily, dialed Banner’s number as fast as he could. The phone rang on the other side of the line for a while until a voice chimed in from the other side.
Anger began to boil in him.
Bruce immediately started inspecting Tony, who let out a distressed noise as he was being poked and prodded. “Talk to me Tony, what's going on,” Bruce implored gently.
an effect of the alcohol,” JARVIS said solemnly, “I presume that your body is going through the early stages of preheat. I suggest to prepare yourself for it.”
For all the time that Tony had personally known the Captain, he had never not maintained a respectful amount of eye contact. And it was strange that now he couldn't even look at Tony; it made him feel uncomfortable.
“Sir, Ms. Potts will only become more concerned if you suddenly block her access codes.” JARVIS said slowly, almost cautiously. “Access codes that you have not restricted, for years. She will become suspicious.”
“What I'm trying to say is, Mr. Carbonell,” the doctor addressed Tony directly as his focus waned, “is that there still might be some hope for you. Find a good, strong Alpha to partner with. Your damaged uterus will heal in time. You still have a shot at a family.”
“This can’t be happening! Not right now. What happened to the extra days I had? I thought that I had another day to come up with some sort of plan.” Tony yelled at the ceiling. His heart was now beating out of his chest while the walls and ceiling began to creep towards him.
“I did that. It keeps saying that there's an error and the room cannot be accessed.” Steve said as he rubbed the back of his neck.
Tony grabbed a pillow and shoved it on his face, groaning loudly. "Yeah, he's awake-" Bruce laughed as Tony rolled off the bed, throwing the pillows across the room and went to grab a pair of pajama pants and shirt to slip into.
“About that,” the doctor said, looking back down to his clipboard. “-your panel showed an extensive abuse of your suppressants. In my professional opinion, you should stop taking suppressants entirely.” He looked up to the two Omegas, compassion written on his face. “Start taking it easy. Settle down, maybe you can still find a good Alpha who will love you and maybe have a family. Conception might be almost impossible, but you could always adopt.”
Tony whined under his breath. His mind was struggling to come up with any objections or even a quick quip.
codes.”
“I know where they’re at. I’ll go run and get them.”
