“I just want to make sure it’s an option,” Tony assures the king.
So he lays there for hours uninterrupted, longer than most of his nights spent actually sleeping in adulthood, and he just can’t. Fall. Asleep. Even though he hasn’t slept in days, since the virus was introduced to his biology along with alien venom that definitely should’ve killed him and, oh, God, what if it’s some kind of interaction between the virus and the venom, something that’s killing him, but slowly? Or—worse—what if it’s just working him towards a psychotic break?
“Sweet dreams, jolly green,” he calls over his shoulder, and closes the door.
Bucky just shrugs.
“You guys alright?” Sam asks.
“Okay, hey, look!” Tony says, and Peter quiets down. “What day of the week is it?” And then, without waiting for an answer, “Over the weekend, or in a couple weekends, I can have Happy bring you up to the compound. We can hang out, I’ve got a debrief packet with your name on it if you want it. All classified stuff, but it’ll explain everything.”
Steve voice cracked at the last part of the sentence. He sounded so… broken.
Tony was awoken by a loud alarm, his body jerking up into a half-sitting, half-lying position. He blinked rapidly, trying to gain focus after coming back to consciousness. He figured Steve was doing the same, as he also was looking confusedly around, seeming completely disorientated.
All things considered, spring is lovely, and most of if not the entire team would argue that it is the best time of the year to spend in New York.
Steve’s jaw dropped, his mouth hanging slightly open, as if he wanted to say something, but Tony held up a hand to stop him.
With a wry smile, Tony stands up and puts the stuff on Steve’s bedside table. He turns on the night light as Steve grabs the shirt he had laid out on the bed and pulls it over his head.
“That’s what friends are for. See you tomorrow, Winghead,” Tony smiles and shuts off the ceiling light. The bedside lamp illuminates Steve’s face with golden beams. His expression is tired and gentle and thankful.
. Tony wonders if Claritin is strong enough or if he’s going to have to spend the entire night figuring out some kind of super-soldier-allergy-shot, because he just couldn’t take another look at Steve literally sneezing his brains out. So he figures he has to stop Fury before Steve’s going to die on them. Well, dying might be an exaggeration, but judging from Steve’s expression it’s not too far off. (If anyone asks, though, it’s because Steve’s constant sniffling is annoying as hell, but in reality, Tony can’t help but feel sympathetic for his friend. Nobody can know that. Tony doesn’t do sympathy.)
. Tony has seen Steve shirtless before, but this is usually after a battle when Steve’s covered in blood and sweat, and definitely
“How far, Cap? I don’t know how much longer I can keep them off,” Natasha interrupted Steve’s inner monologue, her usual calm and cool voice seeming affected by concern.
” He brings up an arm, aiming the sneeze at his elbow, keeping it up as he feels another one coming on, but it’s stuck.
“I’m just scared to go to sleep, Tony. Every time I close my eyes, all I hear is screams and explosions and then suddenly I can’t move. It’s like my body is tied, restricted… And I don’t know if it’s my subconscious telling me that I shouldn’t fall asleep because…” Steve took a moment to breathe. “Because I’m scared… of falling asleep. Or maybe more of waking up somewhere I don’t know or recognize… again,” Steve voice broke at the last word.
As his eyelids became heavier and heavier he blinked wearily until he reluctantly gave in to the darkness.
“I’ll be sure to pass on the message. Good talk, Director,” Tony claps Fury on the shoulder and is immediately out. As he walks, he gives his body a shake. He seriously hated biting his tongue, acting nice and actively trying to avoid pissing anyone off, and even a five sentence conversation with Fury was a stretch, but he thinks he did okay, all things considered. He makes another mental note to tell that to Pepper as well. She’d be even prouder.
“You really don’t know? Wow, you’re even more stupid than you look, Capsicle,” Tony commented when Steve shook his head.
“I might actually agree with Barnes on this one. You look wiped out. I think you’ve earned some well deserved rest after today, soldier,” Natasha winks kindly.
“Nick! Always a pleasure,” Tony smiles overly wide at Fury, who rolls his eyes over someone using his first name, but ultimately decides to ignore it. It’s been a long day already, and Fury is not in the mood to deal with Tony and his sharp-witted tongue right now.
if they were worn by anyone but Steve. His cheeks are flushed pink from the heat from the shower and his nose a similar shade but probably for entirely different reason. That, and he’s not wearing a shirt.
Growing up, Steve probably had even possible seasonal allergy, and he had hoped they’d faded away as he got the serum. But just like Dr. Erskine had said.
“How did she- ugh, doesn’t matter… Who the hell designed you to allow that?” Tony exclaimed confusedly.
Tony felt something in his stomach lurch and wondered how Steve had managed to sweep him off his feet in the matter of 24 hours.
of it.
It was obvious how the Captain felt a lash of guilt whenever people got hurt in battle. He wanted to make sure everyone was safe. How he swallowed thickly and looked away to hide teary eyes when the stats were reported on the news. How he’d go to the gym and spend hours destroying the punching bags in anger at how he couldn’t save every single human on the planet.
An explosion, powerful despite its humble size, sent splinters in every direction. The majority of Steve’s body had been covers by the shield, but he felt small shards prickling his legs through the holes in his suit like a needle. He cursed under his breath and slowly got up from the ground. Looking around, he heard nothing but his own wheezing breath, until the silence was broken by a loud bang.
Steve’s thoughts are interrupted by the chime of the elevator. He looks over from where he’s sitting on the couch and it’s Tony. Steve’s heart jumps like it does whenever he’s been away from Tony for too long, and he’s on his feet before he even realizes, grinning at his boyfriend.
“Man, is this all?” he asks again. Tony narrows his eyes and Sam continues, “Is this all that’s got you so tied in knots for the meeting? It’s all
“What happened?” Steve asks.
“Oh, you definitely are,” Pepper says, and she doesn’t look not-sad, but she's smirking, picking up her spoon to take a sip of soup.
“We ordered pizza,” he says. “There wasn’t a crumb in the entire compound.”
“I—” Bucky says. “Morning. That’s, uh, no rush.”
“Aw, worried about my reputation?” His phone buzzes on the end table to indicate where she’s storing the pictures.
Slowly, the need to fill the silence falls away. Each time he feels the need, he looks out of the corner of his eye and sees Steve there, sleepy looking and holding very still, and he holds his tongue. Instead he hears the road singing under the tires, Steve’s breathing and, under that, his heartbeat. The roads wind, the trees become more dense, and the darkness settles around them.
Tony grins, and hides it behind a drink of his coffee. He wonders if Hank’s met this kid, if he has any idea she sounds so much like Jan. Probably not, remembering Hank.
“Language,” Tony says, and it’s hard to breathe all over again. It takes a little longer to get under control this time.
“Maybe you have a right to information regarding your team,” she says, “but as Tony’s friend, I’m telling you to back off. When it becomes necessary, you’ll know.”
“Shit,” Clint says.
“What’d I do this time?” Tony asks, hardly looking up from the hologram he’s inspecting. Steve doesn’t sound mad, so he figures it can’t be too bad.
Tony’s not even surprised to find Steve so close to him, not really. He noticed it in the background, kind of, though he thought at first that Steve was just walking by him for some reason. But—no. He’s standing there, square to Tony, a foot and a half between their noses.
“What? No,” Tony says. “Give that back. That knowledge isn’t yours. I don’t have
“Aw, Tones,” Clint says faintly when he gets close enough.
feels different now.
“It’s all comin’ back to me,” he says. "You're deplorable.”
“Hey, Tony.”
“I can’t stop thinking ’bout Chicago,” Steve whispers.
“Nope,” he says.
“It happened a lot more when I was a teenager,” Tony said to the stainless steel face of the fridge door. He drew a deep breath and felt like an idiot. He’d been clinging to Steve just hours ago, thoughtlessly trusting, vulnerable as can be. This was nothing. (But this isn’t necessary, his mind whispered, he could stop any time, this is like giving Steve extra ammunition on a silver platter and he would regret it. He derailed that train of thought before it could go any further because he knew, he
“Jesus, Mom, what?”
“If you don’t mind,” she says. Bruce’s lips pull up in a polite smile and he holds one hand out, gesturing down the hall, and they walk away. Rhodey grunts as he trudges after them. He looks washed out, paler than he did before, and like he’s moving from ‘uncomfortable’ to ‘pained.’
“Thanks,” he says, looking around at the cars and at Steve, who’s lounging on the couch by the wall of the garage, reading a paperback. Peter looks anxious without the mask on; Tony’s just impressed Happy could convince him to walk into the populated building without wearing the entire costume.
And Bucky’s eyes light up with such pure delight that Tony regrets asking immediately.
It goes like this: Tony gets to Malibu, turns FRIDAY on, and starts working on Barnes’ new arm. He videoconferences with T’Challa about fMRI scans and neurological pathways and temporal lobes, and then with Helen Cho about all the same things, just to be safe. It makes him miss Bruce terribly.
“Yes,” Tony sighed.
“Scarlett Witch’s powers are red, so she gets to keep it, and Vision
“So what can I do ya for, honey pie?”
Smiling to himself, his foot hits the gas pedal again, and he zips past a hatchback.
And then she’s there, somehow taking up all the space of the doorway with her small frame. She takes in the bathroom for a second, wrinkles her nose, and then straightens out her face into an almost neutral expression when she looks at him.
The sense of impossibility melts at the thought.
eyes flashing green and everything.
“Tony,” Steve whines, long and drawn out. He yawns, eyes still closed. “G’mornin’.”
“That’s none of your business,” Pepper says, marching right up to him. She gets in between him and Bruce and stands there, looking directly into his eyes. Steve can almost see the fumes rising from her ears. In his peripheral vision he sees Rhodey shift, but he doesn’t move to stop Pepper.
“And Rogers?” he says. “I don’t give a shit how he wakes up as long as he wakes up. I’ve been disobeying direct orders to protect my friend for just as long as you have.”
It’s around 5 AM the next morning when Steve gets a video message (and he’s honestly surprised that it’s a feature on this phone). It’s DUM-E wearing a dunce hat that’s been painted with stripes to look like a birthday hat, and he’s holding a sparkler and spinning in circles. The caption reads “the little shit misses you, come home soon.”
seems like a bit much though, don’t you think?”
"Wish I coulda met him,” Steve says, and he presses his cheek against Tony’s hair. “It would’ve been nice to punch him hard enough to shatter his jaw.”
“Just a few, ’kay?” Tony said. Steve and Natasha, surprised he was awake, or listening, or something, paused.
“Local authorities are expecting us,” Natasha says.
The queen doesn’t make any noise that Steve can hear, but then he remembers the hive mind at play. The aliens stop fighting, but stand at the ready, watching the Avengers and National Guard officers at the perimeter. Steve holds his shield at the ready for a moment, but he realizes that the Brood aren’t going to be the first to stand down. He swings his shield back and activates the mag-strips so it latches onto the straps. It brushes over the road rash on one of his shoulders, and he hisses out a breath. He starts making his way over to Thor’s team where they’re standing beside the queen, quieting his breathing as he goes.
Steve’s head is already leaning back against the headrest, eyes at half mast. The music’s not even on, which Tony doesn’t think he’s done since the last time he was in a car with Ross. It makes him a little jittery, but Steve’s obviously pretty content. Or, as content as he can be on a road trip a couple hours after a wicked concussion and with Tony dragging him around NYC.
It’s been almost half an hour since he and Tony were freed from the rubble. Steve has some awful road rash and more than a couple broken bones, but he’s alive thanks to Tony, there’s no doubt in his mind. He can throw the shield still, but he’s not good for much else at this point. His dodges are getting sluggish; he can’t roll out of the way anymore because of his back, and his ankle protests any sharp sideways movements.
“Bring the lights down 5%, Fri,” Tony said. It happened without comment. When he could see again, he noticed that most everyone had taken their original seats back.
“What can I say?” Tony says, shrugging in a way that almost dislodges Bruce. The elevator doors open behind them and Tony backs them in, saying, “Spider-kid had a point.”
“Point,” Sam says.
"Not at all. As long as you don't mind going to see a man about a horse.”
“Excuse me?” he says once he’s swallowed.
“Mercy,” Tony explains. “How long he was trapped there, how many times he should’ve died because of that eagle—I dunno if there’s any coming back from that. Mentally, emotionally, whatever. Even if his body healed overnight.”
“Yeah, I believe that,” Tony says, purposely flippant. “I really almost did die,” Peter makes a low, distressed sound that Tony does his best to ignore, “actually, I kind of did die but only just a little bit, and then I got better.”
Steve crosses his arms and leans against the doorframe. Tony should invite him in, but he’s not sure if he wants to. Oh, in an abstract, fantastical and frantic way, he
While Steve seems to be dead to the world, Tony finds himself excruciatingly awake. They all have nightmares, of course. Not even Thor, who’s been alive for hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of years, is totally immune to the grislier things he’s seen. Even Natasha, as elusive and preternatural as she normally is, will openly admit to having nightmares regularly. There’s really no point in denying it when it affects them all (save for Vision, if only because the weirdo doesn’t sleep). So it’s not the knowledge that Steve has nightmares that has Tony’s stomach in knots, not even close. But something about Steve trusting him so implicitly, letting Tony see the nightmare and accepting the comfort.
And Tony’s not completely deluded; he knows there’s more to him being here than seeking approval from teammates. However, that doesn’t mean Bruce is completely off the mark. He rarely is.
“Says the man who flies around in a hunk of gold-titanium alloy for shits and giggles,” Rhodey says. He lets Tony pull him up, and it takes them longer than either of them are strictly happy with, but they do get up and start making their way to the elevator, elbows linked.
Things are different now though, aren’t they? They have to be.
“Sure thing, Boss.”
The whole couple thing is still new, and Steve’s trying his damnedest to respect Tony’s private space. Tony’d been so hesitant when they first decided to try out this relationship. There’d been an entire speech.
Tony and Rhodey end up falling asleep on the couch together, and their bodies hate them in the morning. There’s a crick in Tony’s neck and Rhodey’s hips apparently didn’t enjoy the angle they were at, but Tony resolutely does not care. He comes awake slowly, with Rhodey’s elbow against his thigh and Rhodey’s head on his chest. Tony’s warm too, even his toes which are freezing numb more often than not these days. He hangs onto the floating feeling until consciousness pull him the rest of the way up, and even then he’s not disappointed, because his brain registers
“Watch and learn, old man.”
“He’s—good. Tough, like he always is. He can walk short distances with the braces now, and he’s staying down in Philly with his parents for a while.”
Clint stares at him and he just stares back. What kind of a person does Clint think he is? What the fuck? Eventually Clint just mumbles his thanks and retreats. Tony closes his eyes.
“I, uh,” Tony says. “You know, I should probably stick around. At least until we know I won’t go off and murder a bunch of innocent people.”
“Um,” Tony says, “how’d the history test go. History, right?”
He looks back down at Tony.
“Clint,” Steve says, “I want you with me. Nat, we could use a lullaby. Everyone else, I want you to start an escort of the Brood back down and through that portal. Oversee it or get the local authorities set up.”
“You’re working yourself into the ground, you just need a little rest is all.”
“Isn’t it?” Bruce demands.
Tony goes from lightly touching Steve’s side to smacking his shoulder and cackling at the state of the floor.
“Thanks,” Tony says, and he has no idea what Rhodey’s referring to. “Experimental regenerative viruses’ll do that for you. Sometimes. When they’re not turning you into human fireworks.”
“Who do you think I am?” Vision asks back. “This is the long game. I’m merely fostering his false sense of superiority.”
And holy
“Thief!” Tony calls back, and doesn’t feel guilty at all.
“Come here,” Steve whispers.
“Attaboy,” Tony says, and releases him to Wanda.
“Thanks,” Bucky says. Tony doesn’t reply, but DUM-E waves at his new friend as he leaves.
“What’s that thing you do when handed a thousand-page legal document three days before the incredibly public and binding signing called?”
“I could’ve stayed in touch better,” Tony says. “After Ultron—”
“And Rogers—”
“There’s a lot of superheroes in this room,” Scott says, chuckling uncomfortably as he echoes Tony’s thoughts. “Kinda feels like we’re violating that rule—you know, where they don’t put everyone in line for the presidency in the same public setting at the same time?”
And then her hand was moving and she had a rough-looking paper towel, and if that touched his skin Tony thought he might have to set himself on fire to get rid of the sensation, but she was already there, and it rested against his chin. Tony flinched pretty violently and the paper towel got dropped onto his t-shirt, scraped across the material like a live wire. He groaned again as the paper towel fell to the ground and folded himself in half, head against his knees and fingers in his hair.
“Ain’t it all?” Sam says.
Steve smiles back. The branch dips when he sits, and Tony can hear it groan, though that’s hopefully only because his ears are so much better now.
“It’s because you spent years forcing hard rock on Jarvis’s poor ears,” Rhodey says with no small amount of satisfaction. Tony fakes offense and throws a pillow like a frisbee so it smacks Rhodey in the stomach. His aim’s never been bad by any stretch of the imagination, but over the past couple days it’s become something else altogether. Unfailing.
“Just—throw those out, start over,” Clint says, gesturing wildly toward a bowl of something. “You’re not gonna get all the shells out like that and I, personally, am not eating anything you make with those eggs.”
And—there it is, Tony thinks as he heaves in a breath, two, three. The emotional response his body wasn’t having in his own room.
“Right, that. Reacting!” He puts both of his hands back down on the podium but keeps smirking at the sea of media reps. “What happened was a mess of reactionary thinking and, as it turns out, we’d all react differently to something like that. What matters is that, when we have more than three days and access to people who’ve gone to eight-plus years of school just to understand things like the Accords, we come back together.”
Tony bobs his head to the side in consideration.
Steve squints at him, looking a little constipated. Tony takes the opportunity to look for “the green in the blue” of Steve’s eyes and comes away with nothing. Lighting must not be right.
“Oh, God,” Sam says, eyes on the almost-muted TV, “not you too.”
Clint sighs, but nods in allowance Natasha’s way.
“Right,” Tony says.
“I haven’t quite gotten that far yet,” Tony says, because it’s Natasha. “I’m alive though, and I’ve got all my own skin, which at least appears to fit—”
Another few seconds go by, and Tony can’t tell if Steve’s amused or concerned anymore.
Steve glances down and, sure enough, there are metal braces strapped around Rhodey’s legs. They don’t look particularly comfortable, but they’re all the sleek lines and hidden circuitry that reek of a Stark design.
Mostly, Steve is glad that Tony seems to have winded down. There’s been less noise less frequently from the hall in front of them, and Steve feels unwillingly hopeful about that. It’s unpleasant. He’s been here before, and it’s not a place he likes to go. It’s like the sinking feeling people get when they know something’s wrong, that gut instinct that drags you down without a bit of consent from reason, except where that’s a feeling that other people sometimes get, it’s more like a place Steve lives. But the mirror feeling, that awful lightness that pulls him to the surface when he
“Fuck yeah,” he says quietly, and neither of them move.
“The only two that count,” Sam says, but it doesn’t fool anyone. Clint has the best eyes—they don’t call him Hawkeye for no reason—and even with Sam and Tony in the sky, it’s a loss. Sam and Tony are flyers, and Tony’s one of the heaviest hitters here. They call out what they can, but they also fly low to fight their own share of the aliens.
As a threat, it’s not much, but she’s definitely letting Steve know who’s in charge here. It’s not him. Steve’s mouth is already half open to say something scathing about her use of the word “friend” (
“Into the garbage, fly-boy,” he mumbles. He opens his eyes.
Tony thinks it’s no wonder the two of them never managed the easy openness she had with the others. Between his trust issues and acting abilities and her untrustworthiness and constant vigilance, it’s a miracle they’ve managed “grudgingly respectful teammates” for so long.
Tony nods because, yes, that makes sense. The powers that be seem to either personally hate them both or thrive on their suffering. Or something, evidently.
He breaks routine that day, too. Instead of working on FRIDAY’s hardware, he gets two separate designs done for SI and sends them off to Pepper’s PA, just for good measure.  When Sam texts him, he’s been awake for over twenty-four hours for the first time in months.
And it’s not exactly a magical solution—or any solution at all, really—but Tony feels a little better anyway. Sure, he still hasn’t slept, and Steve doesn’t have any apparent way to fix that, but someone at least knows now, and it doesn’t seem like anyone’s going to lose their shit over it, and Steve at least doesn’t think it’s anything major or dangerous yet. Tony grins back.
Tony turns just in time to see Steve smack into a tree, back first, head hitting the bark with a dull
“Hi,” Steve says to her. He looks back down at Tony, more awake than before, but only by a bit. “Sleep okay?”
Tony is reasonably and genuinely confused by this.
“Any word from the others yet?” Tony asks even though he’s been on their channel the whole time.
Sam and Thor are both hovering around Steve’s crumpled form, carefully not touching him. And he’s breathing—that’s the first thingTony sees. Blood, too. There’s blood dripping down his temple, and on his chest, spreading out from four different points on the front of his uniform.
“You’re not!” Tony says, feeling more than a little desperate. “You’re not responsible for my bullshit, Rogers. The only thing you’re responsible for is yourself.” He takes a step forward, and then two backwards, and then he slams his hand palm-down on the countertop. “Fuck’s sake!”
“Wait,” Clint says, “what?”
“Fickle?” Steve asks, and his feet spreading into a wider stance behind the podium, and Tony’s bracing himself for whatever’s coming. The podium is wide with three microphones. Steve’s stood at the center with Tony at his right and Natasha on his left, the rest of the team (sans T’Challa, the self-proclaimed protector but not official Avenger, who signed his dotted line and promptly split) standing behind them in what’s supposed to be a supportive cluster. It’s gone well up to now with general unity and geniality all around. Tony delivered a rather cordial introduction to the returned Avengers and declared how happy he is to have them back, Natasha cracked a couple of charming jokes and is providing points of clarification for any blank spaces Steve leaves, and Steve himself has outlined a very sterile account of the signing and hints to the amendments in the works.
It’s sweeter than another apology between them anyway. Or at least devoid of the sadness they seem to drag out of each other when they wallow in it.
“Stand aside for the glory that is Doom!” they both say, a quarter second out of sync.
Rhodey looks into the middle distance, and then back to Steve.
The CPD have more lights set up now, but there’s thunder rolling in the distance and clouds blocking the light from the moon.
“It’s—I’m trying this new thing called thinking through my decisions before I fuck everything up.”
Me neither, Steve thinks fiercely, as fiercely as he can even as his body drifts farther and farther askew. Distantly, determinedly, he reminds himself: As long as Tony’s alive, we’ll figure it out.
“Tony,” Steve says.
red. Daddy, you and Falcon have to change colors.”
“They gave him something and are trying to ice his ankle back down to a normal size,” she says, and she gives him a tug. Steve remembers why he's standing next to a door in the medical wing. He’s not overly cooperative. “Come on.”
“Exactly,” Sam says flippantly. Scott flashes him a grin, though his face becomes more discerning as Sam speaks. “It speaks to a lack of critical thinking on everyone’s part. If you’d had the damn presence of mind to sit down and consider the implications of what you were doing, would you still have done it?”
“I’m gonna level with you…I can't tell if you want me to take more or less responsibility here.”
The next thing he knows, Vision is kneeling in front of him and his chest is on fire, the flames licking up his neck and down his arms. His breath wheezes in his throat and he can see Wanda beyond Vision’s shoulder, colorless without the makeup she wears during the day like she hasn’t been getting enough sun. Has she always been this pale? Tony can’t remember.
And when Tony’s not watching his own slowly bleeding wound, it’s surprisingly easy to admit that he misses Steve and is rather concerned for him.
“Guess this is a raincheck on that coffee, huh,” Tony says, going for lighthearted and not quite managing.
“And what’s that thing,” Bucky says, “Extremis.”
Steve gives a sideways nod that reads ‘you’ve got a point there.’
He can’t shake the thought. The longer he lies here, the more it festers and takes root, until all he can seem to do is conjure up worst case scenario after worst case scenario, each somehow scarier than the last. Scenarios where he kills everyone in the compound, where he takes away Earth’s mightiest heroes, all of them, leaving the planet at the mercy of whatever homicidal maniac strolls along next. At the mercy of himself.
“Now don’t you forget this,” Vision says gravely from the doorway. Tony’s blood runs cold at the steel he sees in Vision’s eyes. “Why I should stick my neck out for you is far beyond my capacity!”
“Well maybe if his good friend floats the idea right after his pissed-off teammate screamed it in his face, maybe we’ll get lucky and something will sink in.”
now, you can’t let the brain heal if it’s frozen. I’m not a medical doctor or even a biologist, but I’m pretty sure it’s not helping.
“That’s fair,” Natasha says. He can’t tell if she believes him or not. Surely the world-renown super-spy should be able to tell when a billionaire’s drunk off his rocker. Then again, he’s always been a showman and an exceptional liar. And this? This is his trademark lie, the one where he’s three sheets to the wind and giving keynote speeches.
“The worst,” Bruce agrees easily. “Doesn’t make me any less angry about it.”
Tony picks up the banana with the hand not holding the water bottle. It’s a promise to try. He’s not going to eat it at this moment. Water first, and then he’ll give the banana a go. It occurs to him that he should say that out loud, but Natasha hardly needs him to spell it out. The silence is fine for now. Tony’s so busy breathing through the nausea that he doesn’t notice if it’s awkward. Every few breaths, he takes a sip. The rhythm of the whole thing is soothing.
“I mean…” Steve says. His forehead gets all scrunchy the way it does when he worries (the way it always used to when he was reviewing case notes on his search for Bucky) as he looks Tony up and down. “Not if it’s worrying you.”
thank you all for your kind/encouraging/critical comments! they quite honestly keep me going lol
“Yeah,” Steve breathes, nodding his head in a strange figure-eight pattern.
“Because you’re refusing to listen,” Natasha says, nearly grounds out with such forced calm it reminds Tony of Nick Fury. She’s leaning forward a little in her chair now—a subtle shift on anyone else, but from her it’s broadcasting her thinning patience on the matter. “The US government—not to mention the entirety of the UN—doesn’t have any good faith left for us, for good reason. Getting everyone on this team the mental help they
2. He’s outlined what he thinks constitutes “unlawful detention” (aka the RAFT) and calls for protection of their Fourth Amendment under the US Constitution. The letter indicates that, yes, they understand that the Accords are international law and not subjected to the constitutionality of the United States, but they agree nonetheless that it’s a viable goal if only because of the fiasco of the RAFT and the sympathy of the general population. (Tony agrees, it’s best to strike while the iron’s hot for this one.)
“We have visitors,” Vision says then, sounding lighter than he has in a while. Tony wants to look, but he’s engaged on the ground. He’s just distracted enough to miss the tail sweeping around. It knocks his feet out from under him, but from the ground he easily aims up and fires his repulsors through the soft underside of the alien’s jaw.
“I should have a working prototype in…two weeks at most.” Then, more to himself than the company present, “Bloody hell, I’ve been sleeping on the job, wow.” And back to Bucky again, “Whatever, you’re lucky SI’s recently taken such an interest in prosthetic technology. Shouldn’t even take me that long to get started.”
The question comes to Tony’s mind, unbidden, unhelpful: what side would Thor have picked? He could be as hotheaded as Steve sometimes, hated to be controlled—hell, the man had refused the throne on Asgard a couple times to maintain his freedom. On the other hand, though, Thor has always tried to respect Earth’s customs, and his journey to being a hero had a lot to do with cooling that hot head of his, learning diplomacy and when to use it over his hammer.
“Well—I mean—”
“Fashionably,” Thor says, and Hulk snorts in amusement.
He takes a sip and doesn’t immediately die. (Win!)
“Huh?” Steve says, his voice suddenly sounding much steadier. “Yeah, of course. Why?”
“Huh,” Tony says. He takes his hands up to his ribcage and pats out a drumbeat there. Nothing. He can feel it, he realizes. It just doesn’t hurt. “Wowza.”
Pepper’s eyes go impossibly sad, and Tony hates himself just a little bit. Their food arrives, then, deposited in front of them by a boy with his jeans cuffed. They both smile and thank him. The interruption stretches into a silence, and something in his head screams at him to let it go, to chat, ask more about London, anything else.
“Solid,” he finally says with a final flick of his wrist, sending the image spinning, spinning, spinning. “You’re building him an arm?”
“Can I…?” Tony asks, but Steve’s already got a hand loosely around Tony’s forearm.
the bots have burned the ’shop down. No, there’s no use in covering for them, what kind of fool do you take me for?”
He’s still camped out on the bathroom floor. His phone is propped up on the lip of the tub, and he’s been talking to FRIDAY for almost four hours. Tony’s still nauseous despite having already emptied his stomach entirely, which is just ridiculous. This whole thing is a joke. He’s Tony Stark.
To be fair, Bucky looks just as awkward as Tony feels about sharing this sentiment.
“Hey,” he says, nodding towards Steve, “he’s fine. And you need to chill.”
“In and out,” Tony says. “Between appearances, mostly.”
Tony breathes, thinks,
“Mm-hm.”
“Alright.” Tony claps his hands again. “Break!”
Barefoot, he pads down the hall. Steve’s door is cracked, but Tony raps his knuckles against the wood twice as he pushes it open anyway.
Steve rolls his eyes at that, as if the idea of them fighting is outlandish.
“You are,” Tony says confidently, and lowers himself to an elbow again, right by Steve’s shoulder. Steve’s eyes follow him, his head rolling with the movement, looking scared. Tony leans in and presses their foreheads together. “You’re okay; I’m okay. Actually, I’m a little more than okay, mayhaps.”
“Sorry,” he laughs. “I don’t—uh, do well with mandated therapy.”
“I never said you should,” Tony says evenly. Wanda seems to shrink in on herself even as she sits up straighter, and Tony feels a little bad about that, but not bad enough to take it back. He turns back to Clint. “You can take a Quinjet tomorrow. Until then, they’re all locked down. FRIDAY?”
“Nice try,” she says, “I’m staying till Clint’s out of surgery, though.”
Steve's fine. Tony knows this. Of course Steve’s fine. The only reason they’re still here is so the hospital can cover their own ass. God forbid something happen, that they let Captain America loose with a brain bleed on Tony Stark’s watch.
“Thanks for these,” he says.
“I’ll try to remember that.”
“Armor override,” Steve says. “Steve Rogers. Code: 34-44-54-64.”
“Yeah,” Tony says, and he sounds dejected. Steve wipes at his eyes, sits up a little straighter.
“Are you though?” And Steve even pauses in getting out a cutting board to look at Tony with his super blue eyes.
Guilt flares up in Steve’s chest. He’d forgotten to ask about Clint. Goddammit, he was supposed to be a leader here. Tony was right, he can’t keep doing this
Deep breath, he tells himself, and assesses. His arm is bleeding, he thinks still, and his collarbone may or may not be broken. Neither of those are life-threatening, not unless his collarbone is really fucked up, anyway. He doesn’t think it is, though. His neck still rotates, and he can move that arm. Nothing’s numb, at least. Which he admits kind of sucks, but is also a good sign. Another deep breath, and he flicks his comm back on, making his way back onto the street slowly.
“Come on,” he mutters as the infected person howls and stumbles away in pain. And, interesting, it walks on the human legs. Then louder, “Anybody home in there?”
“Hey,” Scott says, affronted. “I only came ’cause
“Cap.”
And she walks out of the room, back ramrod stiff, without a word.
“And what’s the protocol for missing the weekly meeting?” he asks, an eyebrow arched and only a little sarcastic.
“He’s breathing,” Sam says as Tony crouches down next to Steve. Tony, for his part, valiantly stomps on the impulse to snap that he knows that already.
Sam stays quiet for so long that Tony turns to face him fully, something in him refusing to be intimidated by a measured silence.
Steve’s mouth twists up in a small, bitter smile.
“Oh, fuck off.” Tony drains the second half of his mug and lets it hit the counter like a shot glass.
Tony does open the door to the lab eventually, because obviously he doesn’t die down there, but he doesn’t come up for air until he’s talked himself down almost entirely. Because, okay, things got bad for a while there. It wouldn’t even be out of bounds to say they slowly fell to pieces over the course of a couple years. The lines were in the sand long before the Accords hit the table in front of them.
“Europe,” Steve says, and Tony instantly translates
“What is it,” Steve whispers. He’s frozen a couple feet away from Tony, afraid of somehow making it worse (though he’s not sure that’s possible). Then, louder, “FRIDAY! What happened?”
“Hey,” he says, “so I know you’re not an Avenger right now—friendly neighborhood Spider-Man and whatnot, but you still get a seat at the table, here. We’re having a meeting up at the compound on Friday if you have the time after school.”
Pepper gets quiet then, and Tony feels like he’s said something wrong. He wants to fix it, needs to, because he has no idea what he’ll do if he can’t. He needs her in his life. It doesn’t make sense without her, and he’s not terrified to find how essential she is, that ship has sailed, but he will flay himself open, bare his heart for her to poke at and dissect at her leisure if it means she’ll stay.
“I am well aware,” he replies. “Even at the time, I knew your desire for blood would pass.”
“Careful what you wish for.”
“I can tell just by looking at you that you’re dehydrated,” Steve says, eyes lingering on her fluttering eyelids and chapped lips. He runs a hand down his face. “And you’ve been awake for at least twenty-four hours by this point.” And that gives Steve pause. He looks up at Sam, who’s now snoring lightly, head tipped back at an odd angle. They’ve all been up for too long, they’ve all dealt with too much in the past twelve hours.
“We’ll talk some more tomorrow,” he says, and the connection cuts out. His stomach twists and Natasha leaves without another word, just pivots on her foot and walks away, much more soundlessly than her arrival. He’s half willing to admit that she left-left, but she comes traipsing back in ten minutes later with a banana of all things. She marches right over to him where he’s slouched against the bathtub and sits on the lip so that her feet are by his thighs and his head is next to her hip. She drops the banana in his lap and dangles a bottle of water Tony hadn’t noticed before in front of his face.
Steve’s eyes narrow in confusion and the suspicion of being made fun of, but Tony’s already leaning in, and Steve’s hand is curling farther around Tony’s wrist.
“Be there in a moment,” Wanda says through the comm.
“That’s the most bullshit promise I’ve ever heard, even from you,” Tony says quietly, not laughing, not making fun, just desperate for reassurance.
“I resent that statement,” Scott says, and he says it seriously, no longer quite so jaunty; his buoyant personality is no match for the grim air of the room. “I was involved in the Accords mess even without a personal stake in the politics of it.”
“Easy for you to say,” he says under his breath, keeping his head ducked to look blankly at the notes on his tablet. Tony’s curled, tightly coiled, on one of the armchairs in the common area’s living room, and Steve’s standing by the couch. It’s late enough that everyone’s, if not asleep, tucked into corners of the compound, quietly passing the time. “You’re the one they like.”
“So,” Tony says, and Bucky looks up immediately, the relief plain on his face. “What kinda TV are you watching these days, Buckaneer?”
“What’s the expression—cool your jets?” Vision says, but he turns to the sink and away from Clint, bowl in hand, and rolls his eyes so only Tony can see. He smiles back conspiratorially after fishing a mug out of the cabinet. At the island, the young voice from the StarkPad is telling a story involving a trowel, sand, and a boy’s underwear, and at the same time Clint’s grumbling under his breath
“It’s—not,” Tony says, but that’s not quite right because it obviously is, which Steve knows, of course, if his raised eyebrow is anything to go by. “Or it
“Point,” he says, “but I need you.”
Tony really honestly doesn’t know what to do with that. For most of his life, the majority of people who hurt him either didn’t give a shit about him or hated him entirely. That’s easy to deal with, whether it be reporters, business rivals, models who want their fifteen minutes of fame, leaders of terrorist organizations. This is different because Steve cares, Steve cares and he messed up anyway, he hurt Tony anyway, and Tony wasn’t ready for it.
Tony meets her eyes briefly, then looks away as he settles fully into his chair. He clears his throat.
“Tony, please,” Bruce says, and Tony can’t tell if it’s amused, or fond, or what, but it at least doesn’t seem like he’s going to Hulk out in his shiny new lab quite yet.
“No, I,” Steve says. “I remember.”
even before he goes on to say, “Gabe knew a thing or two. It was peaceful and idle. Something to do while on lookout.”
It’s only a couple seconds until the debris stops falling, really, though it feels like an eternity. FRIDAY’s not halfway through giving the all-clear when Tony’s up and gone.
“Obviously, you were the worst off,” Rhodey says eventually. “And then Clint, ruptured spleen, some fucked up ribs, and other internal damage, but his surgery went well. He’s mobile but benched for the time being. Scott’s going to be out for a few weeks too, popped his shoulder clean out of the socket, and then back in and kept going. Sam sprained his ankle pretty good and Wanda got a bump on the head.” Tony nods. “Other than that it was all cuts and bruises, mostly.”
He thanks her and shuts the line down again, focusing on dodging. While they’re not terribly smart, they do seem to be linked, making their coordination a little uncanny.
“Cognitive dissonance?” he says.
“Mr. Parker,” Tony says and spreads his hands to indicate the compound, “welcome back.”
He’d made these people his family and they’d imploded, just like Bruce had predicted.
“Of course,” FRIDAY says. “And here I thought you genuinely enjoyed my company.”
Even then, it’s still early when he heads out, but he can hear voices before he even gets to the elevator. Indistinct and more of a hum than anything, but he can still hear it. The lights are brighter out here than he’s been keeping them in his room, and even with the added lens between his eyes and the world, it’s a little much.
“Nope?”
“Are you up at the compound still?”
thanks for all the great comments! they really mean the world to me
“Dude,” Scott says, “what the hell?”
“It wasn’t,” Bruce says, glances off to the side and then back to Steve, “something they could’ve fixed.”
No, he thinks, rather petulantly. He really doesn’t want to deal with that, not right now. It’s more like falling asleep this time than being pulled under, but he lets it wash over him anyway.
“Have you tried getting in its head yet?”
Tony’s there long enough that others start filtering through for coffee and food. Thor comes through first, and is endlessly courteous to Vision even as he accepts the offer of french toast. He grabs some of his own coffee and comes to sit at the table. Clint’s calmed down a bit by that point (or, at least, Vision seems to have gotten the hang of french toast and doesn’t need the constant supervision anymore) and is doing a Q&A on Twitter. In Tony’s absence, they’ve all been given PR Bootcamp packets and at least Clint seems to be taking it seriously. Tony assumes it’s part of his agreement with Laura, but it’s nice, either way, to have someone else care about this sort of thing.
Say what you like about Steve—Tony himself certainly has about a million conflicting thoughts about the guy—but he has pretty consistently solid friends. (By friends, of course, Tony means
“Stand aside for the glory that is Doom!” they chorus back.
“It’s engaging,” Tony says. “And quite honestly it’s refreshing to see that some people have even worse communication skills than we do.”
“Falcon,” Sam says. “Requesting medical attention and transport. Sooner rather than later.”
“Yeah.” Tony nods, his head rolling against Steve’s shoulder. “COO of the company after I took over. Dad’s best friend toward the end of his life. And the guy who paid the Ten Rings to take me out, and then tried to do it himself when that backfired.”
“Fancy seeing you here,” Tony says, sending a smile their way.
“Off and on,” Tony answers vaguely. “And I can’t disappear altogether. No offense, Wilson, but the UN doesn’t trust a single one of you besides T’Challa, and the man has responsibilities beyond…this.”
“You can work upstairs,” Steve said. “It’s team night.”
“Better earn my keep, then,” he says. “Do you remember what happened?”
“What do I need?” Tony asks, and he picks up the pace to a normal cadence. Surefire, quippy. “I’m not sure who you think I am, Captain, but I’ve already got more than enough—”
“Good to be back, I think,” he says. “Listen, uh. I need you to start surveilling me. And it doesn’t need to be covert, let’s leave that at the door. Complete bumper lock. Put a red flag on anything noticeably different about me and send it all to my phone.”
Sam scoops Clint up and glides him down to the ground.
So, Steve paces, and he watches the door, and paces some more until his stomach clenches and clenches and he has to stop and huff a breath. He presses one finger against the healing cut along his collarbone just to feel that there, that feeling, that pulling, that’s where his skin ends, that’s his border. That’s where his body stops, just like always, no matter what his brain is trying to tell him. His hip hurts now, and he wants to ask for some more painkillers, but if he takes them now he’ll fall asleep, he knows he will. So he paces.
“I’m sorry about that, by the way,” Sam says sincerely, meeting Scott’s eyes head-on. “It was beyond stupid, and I shouldn’t’ve done it. Which is why I’m not complaining about the therapy thing.”
Steve blinks.
“I—yeah. Yeah, I was just…worried.”
“I’ve got a dozen and a half at 57th and 7th,” he says over the comm channel. “This seems to be all, but don’t count on it.”
“A true hardship, I know,” Steve teases, and Tony’s starting to smile despite himself, starting to feel the pull of hope despite himself.
“Morning,” Wilson says, and his movements lose the hesitance as he starts filling up his plate in earnest. “What’s all—this?”
“Mean,” Tony mumbles into Steve’s chest.
“I’m happy for them,” Steve says, laughter still in his voice.
“Hawkeye,” Steve says, desperation clear in his voice and not caring one bit.
“Iron Man,” Steve says, and it’s a command in and of itself.
okay, but that doesn’t mean it’s worrying.”
“Check your emails later,” he tells the room. “I need lists from most of you.”
“Jim’s right,” Steve says, rolling his head along the wall until he can see Bucky in the chair next to him. “When they let us back, you can’t go.”
“My pleasure,” JARVIS says and, oh, right, they’re in the middle of the original Star Trek. Tony makes a happy humming sound next to him. They settle like that for almost half an hour before Tony speaks again, heavy and warm against Steve’s shoulder.
“You deserve to be happy,” Bruce says, casually, like he’s talking about the weather, pretending to focus back on his little glass slide even though he doesn’t poke it, and something in Tony crumbles.
“Shellhead,” Steve says.
“I wouldn't let them,” Steve says, and Tony feels equal parts irritation and fondness.
His statement rings heavily in the air, long enough for the bird Tony’s watching to get bored and fly away. It’s Tony laying out what he needs, his conditions. He thinks it’s completely fair to say they can’t continue on the way they have been. They’re doomed to fail—a time bomb, like Bruce foresaw years ago at the very beginning.
“FRIDAY,” Natasha says from where she’s standing at Hulk’s side, “where is he?”
“Um,” Tony says. “Yes there is. I can feel—”
“I don’t think you should be doing this,” Tony says and, huh, he doesn’t sound angry or bitter or scared at all. Just…tired. Kind of flat. Steve huffs out a fast breath.
Tony was aware enough this time that he noticed when Steve picked up his phone and typed out a message. He could’ve probably just asked FRIDAY, but Tony strangely appreciated the thought.
“Now,” Bruce says before Tony can continue them on that track of conversation, “if you’re gonna be here, you might as well be useful. Go grab me the next dish from shelf B-5.”
“You’re pretty torn up
“Just looking over some notes for the meeting tomorrow," he says. He locks the tablet and tosses it onto an armchair a couple feet away. Sam nods, his head lolling a little as he does.
“You were,” Tony says, surprised by the harsh bite in Steve’s words. He looks in time to see Steve stop walking entirely, hand clenched around a thin, lower-hanging branch. He actually rolls his eyes at Tony. “What? You were—even Nat was following your lead from the get-go. By the end of New York even
Tony pulls his mug to his face to take a long drink and hide his expression. He doesn’t know who Thor would’ve sided with, and it makes him incredibly uneasy, more so than he cares to admit. Speaking of—God, has anyone had the Accords talk with Thor or Bruce yet? They’re going to have to sign. Where’s Ross at these days? Tony’s gotten lax and it’s going to cost them if he’s not careful. He needs to be better, more vigilant.
“Good morning,” he says warmly, putting his book face-down on the arm of the chair to mark his spot.
“You look…better,” Rhodey decides eventually.
He lightly bangs his mug against the table in a mime of a judge’s gavel again, and wheels back a few inches to signal their freedom. With varying degrees of haste, the others follow his lead and start a low hum of chatter, collecting their things. Natasha nods when she catches his eye, and Tony lowers his chin in response.
“I can do that,” he tells her, himself, and the entire universe.
When the elevator doors open Tony follows Steve out and thinks
He ends up with a routine pretty quickly. That first week is spent emailing Scott, texting Sam, and starting to get FRIDAY set up. It’s not hard but it is time consuming since none of the hardware is installed yet. He’s doing it right this time around too, which means prepping all the rooms and setting up the servers before switching her on. Normally, the first thing he does in a new space is make some room for his AI. This time around, he—well, technically, he’s doing the same thing he always has, just slower. He’s tired of talking, of finding new ways to say what he means, and he knows that has nothing to do with FRIDAY, knows she understands him better than most, so he is working on getting her space in the new Malibu house, but just. Slowly.
nobody’s surprised him like that for days now—he used to be used to this, living in close quarters with the resident SHIELD spooks back in the day, but he supposes he’s gotten cocky with his newly heightened senses.
This one, obviously, is his fault. He practically catapulted himself into Steve’s office, spitting angry and solidly in fight-or-flight mode over, essentially, old hurts. Even though one could argue that between Steve being a fugitive of the law for a number of months and then Tony’s own obsessive avoidance tactics, the hurts never really healed right the first time around.
“Steve,” Tony says.
“In my defense,” Tony says, “Cap freaked out first. Flew all the way from New York to beg me to come home.”
“I miss you, Shellhead,” Steve says, and Tony gets quiet.
Tony raises his eyebrow at nobody, but he thinks Steve can maybe hear it through the phone.
The plan Steve lays out isn’t perfect—Tony’s pretty sure a perfect plan doesn’t exist for this situation—but it’s pretty good. He suggests team forums and a more democratic process for deciding on new team members in which everyone at least gets to be heard. The core members should get veto power, or weighted votes somehow, Steve reasons, because they, after all, have been around from the start and all passed Fury’s and (more stringent still) Coulson’s screenings for the original Initiative. Of course, emergencies are still emergencies, and they both acknowledge that things will happen. Temporary alliances and team-ups are par for the course at this point, the difference now being that, after the crisis has been averted, there will be a process to instate members officially.
“Let’s make breakfast,” Tony declares.
“Because of you,” Rhodey says, taking his hand away from his mouth and sitting forward.
Something shifts above them, a big something or a million small somethings and Tony braces himself even though they don’t collapse (yet).
“No,” he said. He could feel Steve laughing up against him.
“Right,” Clint says, and reaches for Tony’s other hand. “We gotcha, man. Hang on.”
“Captain,” Wanda says a few minutes later, “advise. I have a man here—human, but he appears to be…infected, somehow.”
Vision catches sight of them then, eyes flickering between Tony and Steve once quickly. Wanda’s gaze follows and she takes in the scene much more slowly, looking at the both of them up and down. Steve doesn’t put any space between them, though—which Tony finds he enjoys for some reason or another—and so Tony doesn’t step away either.
“I can’t help thinking—before Ultron, I feel like I would’ve known. Or, suspected. Minor missions used to be more regular, or—”
my eternal gratitude goes out to my beta
, for Christ’s sake—slowly sinks to the floor again.
Rhodes rolls his eyes.
Bruce spots the coffee, narrows his eyes at it.
People are different in the mornings, especially on mornings-after. Usually, the ‘after’ is ‘after sex,’ though he’s almost certain this qualifies as a morning after. After vulnerability, after truth, after intimacy. This is just much, much less familiar to Tony. When it’s ‘after sex’ Tony knows what to do, joke or leave or smile. This isn’t uncharted territory, not exactly, but it’s not familiar either.
“A natural leader,” Tony echoes. “And I was a natural businessman, or I at least knew the terrain. And, sure—I mean, we definitely didn’t handle the team ideally by any stretch of the imagination. We should’ve at least divvied up duties clearer, or communicated our roles in some kind of way.”
“Something smells good,” he says. Natasha pushes herself up to standing and rolls out her neck as she walks away.
“That’s really not what I meant,” Clint says.
“Three nights,” Tony supplies. “Or four, counting tonight, which we should because it’s over halfway done and
He takes a couple of steps closer, knowing he can’t leave her here like this but also knowing that he definitely shouldn’t touch. Halting his approach, he starts to circle around so the island is between them even though that means he’s coming at her from an angle instead of straight on. Normally, he knows, it’s better to let the person know you’re there, to stay in their line of sight, but Tony really does have a couple self-preservation instincts lying around. Right now, his hind brain is telling him to get some shelter.
Tony wakes early and lies in bed for far longer than he should. He doesn’t feel rested at all. By the time the sun is up, he’s peeling himself out of bed and to his bathroom. If he wants to pretend he’s an adult with any authority today, he’s going to have to look the part. Brush teeth, meds, shower, re-bandage, shave, and makeup for the bruises. The routine hasn’t changed since Afghanistan when he added the injury care and concealer for the ever-present nicks and dings, but it’s been around in some iteration since he took over SI. Tony can forget to sleep, to eat, safe drinking limits, but he doesn’t forget The Routine, ever. Tired as he is, though, he almost chooses to skip over it.
It’s such a selfish thing to be afraid of, Tony knows it is. With everything that could go wrong, the blame should be the least of it, but he can’t shake it, the thought that they’re all just waiting for something to go awry, so they can be proved right for the way they’ve treated him in the past.
T’Challa’s here now, though Tony’s not sure when that happened. He’s fierce and efficient and ruthless and barely bats an eye at the infected when Tony tells him there’s nobody left inside the husks.
and Barnes’ mane of hair, and that’s it, that’s perfect. Even though it’s supposed to be Chewbacca ripping off people’s arms, not Princess Leia ripping off Chewy’s—and there, his good mood’s dissipating already. Because Barnes killed his parents and Steve knew, and, God, this is such old news. He feels so disjointed lately, and the air whenever he’s around Steve is just so heavy, and he thinks it could’ve been so much better than this. He has no idea if it can ever be more than this, now. Forgetting for a short time and then getting hit by a brick wall of distrust and hurt and
“So,” Tony says, when the silence has gone on far too long, “wanna try her on?”
as always - come find me on
“Oh, look who’s talking,” he shot back, easy as ever.
“So?” Tony says. “Kids say the darnedest things, Cap. Plus, he’s not actually technically my kid so you can’t come crying to me every time he says something worrying.”
“I’m trying to—I don’t know,” Steve admits, and he sounds genuinely frustrated. Tony blinks his eyes shut, and he doesn’t turn to Steve, but he stops pretending to focus on the work in front of him. “Explain, communicate. It’s—” He huffs, seeming at a loss for words. Tony recognizes it in a way he wouldn’t have months ago: a show of trust. Steve’s letting his perfect leader facade crack, displaying that he’s having a hard time and doesn’t know what to say.
“That- that would actually be really nice,” Steve admits shyly. He’s normally not one to ask for help, but Lord knows he needs it right now. “I owe you one.”
“Bless ya, punk,” Bucky says preemptively, smiling sympathetically.
“No one blames you, Tony. You couldn’t have prevented it,” she said reassuringly.
“Yeah, so… He’s not going to be there. Sorry. He’s having some… trouble. You know, you saw him at debrief, I don’t think he’d be able to—“
“Acting how?” Steve asked through gritted teeth.
“I hate to see you like this… What can I do to help you?”
“Why do you want to know?” Tony asks eventually. There’s another beat of silence, and Tony thinks this isn’t how their conversations used to be, filled with so much dead air, but maybe it’s for the best.
Tony takes a breath through his mouth and thinks, all-in, what’ve you got to lose?
“What kind of ideas?” Vision asks, demeanor polite but curiosity bubbling underneath, because Vision is the best, and definitely Tony’s favorite.
Peter nods, trusting and not terribly troubled by the decision even if he’s still visibly anxious, and the feeling in Tony’s chest threatens to burst.
He’s fairly certain, anyway.
“No organized attempts have been successful yet,” Natasha says.
“Someone’s got to,” Tony says, and he doesn’t even feel bitter when he says it.
“You’re the one he keeps asking for,” Clint reminds him. This is, Tony figures, a completely logical assertion, and so he climbs the rest of the way into the ambulance and wills himself smaller, tucking himself onto a bench out of the way.
“Thanks, Peter,” Steve says, interrupting graciously. “And thank you for coming all the way up for the meeting, I really appreciate it.”
“Oh, Jesus,” Steve says, “no wonder you’re such a weirdo.”
Belief, Tony doesn’t say.
“I missed you, y’know,” Tony says, staring at the corner of a pillow.
Protection.
“You’re just a cheap date, Wilson,” Tony will say, and the nameless man will have either left or gotten brushed to the back of everyone’s minds.
“Holy shit, I’m alive,” Tony says. “Wait. Did you say I’m
Steve sits still long enough to let a couple nurses pluck pebbles from his open wounds. During that time, he eats two energy bars while Bucky stands in the corner and watches the proceedings, hand on his hip, like he’s afraid Steve’s going to bolt.
“Anyone ever tell you you’re too optimistic?”
Despite just having been asleep (more or less) for days, Tony’s tired. At least emotionally, he’s wrung out. And he wants to ask Bruce’s advice on a couple points, but he really doesn’t think either of them are ready for that at the moment.
“Back off,” Bruce spits his way. And then to Tony, “They’re calling it a
He calms down and works himself up at the same time. The breathing and stillness staves off the reactionary panic to feelings and honesty and transparency, but the time to think settles the weight of their changing dynamic down on top of him. He makes it about twenty minutes—a miraculous feat, really—before carefully, slowly extracting himself from Steve’s bed. He grabs his phone and tiptoes to the ensuite, moving as soundlessly as he can, closing himself in but leaving the light off. It’s not like he strictly needs it to see. (It’s not strictly like he can’t see, even in the near pitch blackness anyway.)
The message itself isn’t even strange, but he’s been sitting here in his living room in the chair that’s bordering on overstuffed but still looks sleek and fashionable, and he’s been staring at his phone for five minutes.
“You’re in the hospital,” the doctor says patiently. “We’re gonna go upstairs real quick and take a scan of your brain, if that sounds alright with you.”
“You’re right,” Steve says, and Tony has to look away, down at the ground. “I thought—I really thought she was just, pulling a me.” He chuckles low in his chest, bitter. Tony closes his eyes at the sound, banishes the memory of Steve’s face in Siberia, enraged, resigned. It’s the expression he’d match with this laugh and he hates it, even though he knows it’s not directed at him.
Tony scrunches his nose. “It might just kill you.”
More than that, they’ve gotten into a contest of sorts. Pretty early on they started trading stories from “the good ol’ days,” meaning pre-prison for Scott and pre-Iron Man for Tony, and each man asserts that he got up to the craziest hijinks. They still haven’t resolved that particular issue, but Tony has decided that it would be a grand time to get Scott into a fully stocked workshop. If nothing else, they’d make some pretty fantastic explosions.
“Walk me through it,” Steve says eventually. Tony takes a deep breath and hopes the planets are aligned.
Sam gets stolen away by some leggy brunette named Cameron, and Tony shoos them off with words like
steve's pov!
Tony flips off the speakerphone and brings it back to his ear.
“Richards is brilliant,” Bruce says charitably. “But he’s also—”
“I honestly can’t believe anyone thought being on a team with him was going to end well.”
“Personally,” Natasha says, “nothing. In terms of the frankly ridiculous job of superhero work? Every right.”
“Speaking, then, for the world rather than the States, you caused hundreds of thousands of dollars in public and private property damage in Leipzig and Bucharest just to aide and abet an international criminal. Right after, it should be noted, you refused to sign the Accords the first time. Sure, we’re all glad you’re back to singing around the campfire, but if this is what has to happen for your quote-unquote team to work together? I think we can find someone else to fight for us. Someone who’ll, y’know, fight for
“Not if Friday’s half as overprotective as Karen,” Peter mumbles down the line.
“You guys still on the fritz? Steve said something about that,” Sam admits.
“Okay,” Steve says, firm, like a vow. Tony pinches the bridge of his nose.
Steve’s second eyebrow joins his first.
Tony wracks his brain, he really does, but the words still sound hollow when he says them out loud.
“No,” Steve says, “this isn’t about Bucky—”
“Happy birthday, Cap.”
He almost doesn’t notice when Bruce starts to snore.
Steve gasps behind him and then releases the breath on a strangled moan, all pain-pain-hurt-dread, and Tony grinds his teeth together, squeezing his eyes shut briefly before opening them again to a room awash in a pallet of darkness.
“Yeah.” Clint scoffs, runs a hand through his hair. Tony takes a sip from his coffee and burns the tip of his tongue. “What about you? Sticking around for a while?”
“We’re not—” Wanda says.
“Right," Clint says, sounding about as sarcastic as the situation calls for (which is to say very) and swings the backpack off, propping it up against the wall instead of offering it to Tony.
He settles onto the couch, back against the armrest, legs sprawled out as far as they can reach. The lights are down to ambient levels, making everything warm and soft.
“Steve.” And Tony wasn’t smiling, but it sounded like he was anyway. Steve heaved a sigh and his shoulders drooped. Tony sent a prayer of thanks to Odin. He wasn’t in the mood for Steve-Rogers-gearin’-up-for-a-fight.
Oh, God, Tony realizes. Steve probably did rehearse this, has been worrying about this, enough to bring it up right after they’ve had some semblance of sex for the first time, like it’s something intimate, something too close to the surface.
With a start, Tony feels someone’s eyes on him, and he turns to see Steve, eyebrows slightly raised. Not smiling, but not gritting his teeth either. He doesn’t know exactly what Steve means by it, but he translates it roughly to
If he’s being honest, he could argue the point. Tony drove him away, the Accords made it impossible to stay. They could’ve run together or found a solution that works for everyone, but in reality it was Steve’s black-and-white stubbornness and his lie of omission about Bucky that lead them here. And yet here Tony is, calling on Steve’s birthday, because he’s always been the bigger person, the first to admit when he fucks up, and the one to try the hardest to correct his past mistakes. And Steve, like everyone else, fed on the image of Tony-fucking-Stark and used that reputation against Tony.
“I’m sorry I haven’t been by, but—”
She looks at him helplessly, and then at the alien-person hybrid. Miraculously, though, she turns and runs out of the room.
“Oh,” Clint says easily, “well now you’re fucked. Can’t do it now or I’ll get blamed.”
“Cap?” Tony says quietly, just barely over a whisper. All movement briefly pauses on the other side of the door, and then someone starts rustling around.
“Just after 8 PM,” FRIDAY says.
“I’m not the one who left,” he says eventually, the first hints of bitterness in his voice (and that, Steve thinks, is the impressive part, that it took so long).
SHIELD doesn’t exist anymore, per se, though the FBI snatched up a great many ex-agents when the organization dissolved. Basically, SHIELD has become a subdivision in the FBI, and—by some divine form of punishment—is even more annoying for it.
“Hey.” Bucky sounds just as pleasant, if a little surprised.
“Minutes,” Tony said. “And then…team night. We can resume our regularly scheduled broadcast.” He was maybe a little ridiculously proud of himself for that sentence. Long, not literal. He thought he might’ve freaked the team out, but this overload, or something, was something Tony knew like the back of his hand. His bounce-back time was pretty remarkable. It was all just a trick of being careful so he didn’t trigger it again.
They’re expending energy they don’t have, but they do it anyway. They don’t have to last indefinitely, Tony reminds himself. If things work out, they only have to hold these things off until the others find and figure out what to do with the queen. Clint and Steve keep up a clear stream of communication, sharing locations and weak spots, and Tony gives input when he can. He focuses on that, on the patterns the Brood are making, on the next target, just one foot in front of the other, metaphorically.
It’s harder to argue with that voice. It’s been proven right many times in recent years. The wounds of Yinsen, Ultron, Pepper—Exhibits A through Z all flash through his mind. The Avengers are still here, he reminds himself, at least mostly. And he needs to use what he’s learned from the other failures to keep this one thing afloat.
“There’s a video somewhere,” Steve says, and laughs, even if it sounds a little breathless. “That was Stark’s present, a montage video of their mad dash to find presents for me. He even got security footage from some of the stores they went to, sweating their balls off in the middle of July in Manhattan.”
Steve even suggests Team Bonding Nights as an extra measure. They won’t be made mandatory, because they’re all adults and can manage their own free time, which they don’t get a lot of anyway. However, attendance will be highly encouraged. They talk about that for a while, how to avoid making anyone feel excluded or unwanted, and they decide to rotate who gets to choose the food as well as the “bonding activity.” (Seriously, though, when did this become the Great Tony Stark’s life? Howard’s ghost is probably having an aneurysm right now.)
Tony hums, because—maybe. He’s unsure about that though. It makes sense that Sam would think so, military man that he is. At best, he thinks that might’ve been a strong enough anchor to keep them all level for the time it would’ve taken to make a game plan. Though, he’s not entirely convinced they wouldn’t have fallen to pieces even then.
Thor laughs, a low, calming rumble. “You’re quite welcome.” And his grin grows. “Honestly, I’m surprised you managed so long without me.”
“And I know,” Tony continues quickly, seeing the storm in Steve’s eyes, the tightening of his bottom lip, “you weren’t having fun in Siberia. I know you didn’t ask me to build the arm. I
“Total breech of trust, I hear ya, I do,” Tony says. “Moving an unconscious man without his permission while he’s in what amounts to a medically induced coma. Barnes has had more than his fair share of decisions forced on him.”
“Quite the opposite, really. I want you to call T’Challa.”
“I’m—fine,” Steve says, and his voice doesn’t break but it sounds like a close thing. The shaking only gets worse.
“It’s not exactly a hardship for me,” Steve says. The words are neutral enough, but he says it sharply, matching Tony’s own clipped voice.
ALSO! i wanna take a quick poll. i started this fic as gen and it's stayed.......fairly non-shippy up to this point. anyone have any strong feelings about that one way or another?
They’re all on an open comm channel as they flock to the site: Clint, Steve, Wanda, Scott, Vision, Sam—all except Natasha, who’s on a conference call with a UN rep and at least three people from the White House, getting special permission to engage. Normally they would try to bring in the mayor of the city being torn to shreds, but in this instance they think he might’ve been in on it. Tony holds his breath, but not even ten minutes later, Vision informs them that special permission has been granted.
Tony realized he had been staring the entire time when Steve’s gaze shifted to him and his glassy eyes glared directly into Tony’s.
“I know… That’s Steve for you,” she smiled fondly.
Steve smiled drowsily at that. “Sorry.”
“Fuck, Cap, you’re hurt. We need to get you to the med-wing.”
As if Tony looking at him makes Steve’s nose twitch, Steve’s eyes flutter and his nose scrunches up.
“Huh.. ehh! uh-huhTChushh! Oh God- snff! h’UHh… UhhIShiew!” Two strong sneezes escaped and launched him into a small coughing fit that left him breathless.
“How the hell would you know?”
“The injections, the serum,” he explained and Steve mouthed a silent oh.
Bucky could recognize that withheld sound anywhere, but he knows Steve wouldn’t want everyone’s eyes staring at him so he refrains from blessing him. Natasha, who everyone knows is
me,” Tony jokes.
“No, Cap! I won’t.”
“You matter to me too, Steve. I love you.”
Even the Avengers love the transition from the cold and frosty winter, to the sunny and joyful spring-time.
“Or you could, maybe, just… do go?”
Tony gives him a quick glance but then ducks his head as the tears start forming in the corners of his eyes again. The two of them stay silent for a while, not necessarily an uncomfortable silence, but not exactly comfortable either.
For once, Steve didn’t protest. He obliged, shuffling into his preferred sleeping position, on his side, curling into himself and closed his eyes. He let out a relieved sigh and Tony could visibly see the way Steve’s body relaxed into the soft fabric and huddled closer to Tony, who couldn’t help but smile a how small he looked.
“Y’know,” he starts, “when I first got out of the ice, I felt like I’d never fit in. I didn’t think anyone would actually care about me, or what I had to say. All I wanted to do was run, get away from everything… But then I met you, and even though we got off on the wrong foot, I-. I finally felt like I had a reason to stop running. That’s you, Tony. You’re my reason. You always will be.”
outside today. Pollen count’s ridiculous. You’re going to be a mess —
“I love you,” Steve repeated, his face was serious as he grabbed Tony’s hand and pulled him closer until they both sat on the bed, looking directly into each other’s eyes.
Steve just shakes his head and worries at his nose with the tissue. “They weren’t.”
“I am. Very much so.”
Tony’s eyes fluttered open and slowly released Steve from his grip but kept a comforting hand on Steve’s arm as the blonde sat up, his breath caught and he buried his face in the crook of his elbow.
Tony shrugs. “You know me. Why choose one when you can have them all?”
Oh, Lord have mercy on me.”
He stifled a yawn and harshly rubbed his eyes, but then his body turned stiff at the muted sound coming from the room he was about to enter. Tony was curious by nature, and even though the efficiency of his brain were nearing the 50%, he still felt the need to examine the source of the noise. Just before turning around the corner to the kitchen he wondered who the hell (apart from himself of course, this had been a part of his daily routine for a while now) would be up at this atrocious hour.
“uhh… hu- uhH! huhh? uhhISh’oo!! snffSNff! Huh… huhEschh! snff!”
“For Gods’ sake, Rogers. You just don’t anything by halves, do you? You sound terrible.”
Bucky glances over his shoulder, hoping that the rest of the team will enter soon enough, but it seems unlikely. He grunts as he stands and walks towards the door. “I’ll go tell them to get their shit together and hurry.”
“You matter to me. Simple and plain and not much to ask from somebody. I promise you do, you. You matter too. I promise you’ll see. You matter to me.”
He is met by a wave of silence, and he feels the tears pressuring behind his eyelids. Clenching his jaw, he tries his hardest not to let out a desperate sob. He has curled his hands into fist, resisting the urge to punch his way through the wall.
“Come here,” Tony says and hugs Steve tight, their bodies pressed as close together as possible with Steve's face buried into Tony’s shoulder, quietly sobbing.
“Sure,” Tony shrugs.
“For Gods’ sake, Rogers!” Tony exploded as he raised from the bed, and Steve jumped. “Will you please you give yourself a break for once? I’m so fucking tired of you acting like this!”
as I said the word?”
Bucky cocks an eyebrow at him. “Yeah, in bed after a long shower. That’s where you should be. You look like shit.”
Steve’s eyebrows drew together in discomfort, which Tony, even though he wasn’t a genius when it came to body language, noticed immediately and sat down next to Steve and comfortingly laid an arm around the broad shoulders and placed the other on top of Steve’s own hand that was attached to his ribs.
“Thanks, Tony… Really. Thank you.”
Huh. That went a lot smoother than Tony had anticipated. Fury actually wasn’t completely heartless.
The silence made Tony even more nervous. Shit, he thought. He had just rambled and said everything he felt and Steve probably didn’t like him back, and he hadn’t prepared an escape plan for when Steve broke his heart.
Steve nods despairingly and Tony clicks his tongue.
“That’s not true, Steve.”
“Manipulative asshole… snf! but I think I could be persuaded to oblige just this once.”
Steve doesn’t get to object before Bucky has left the room, and, somehow, everyone is gathered in the room less than five minutes later. (How Bucky did that is a mystery to Steve. He’ll have to ask him how to do that later.)
Steve doubled over as the sneezes overcame, the last one particularly strong and leaving Steve breathless as he winced and let out a painful grunt, a hand clenched to his ribs.
“You’re pathetic. And a selfish asshole, by the way” Tony continued when Steve’s expression became less tense.
“Stark!”
“Can you, like, maybe… will you stay, tonight? Please,” Steve begged, frowning in suspense as he waited for Tony to answer. However, his expression softened as soon as he felt a tickling breath behind his ear and a pair of lips brushing his cheek.
Strolling towards the bedroom where the response came from, Tony tries to balance all the remedies he’d picked up on his way. The door in ajar, and Tony pushes it open with his shoulder, both hands and arms occupied. As soon as he enters the room, he suddenly drops about half of the things he’d been carrying on the floor.
“I think there’s just a pretty good chance of me sneezing at
“He’s… he’s okay, mostly. He looks horrible, though. Med-team put him on bed rest, which he wasn’t too pleased with.”
“Yeah, you’re fine, I get it. Now sit down you lunatic.”
observant, also seems to notice as she eyes Steve when his body jerks slightly. She catches Bucky’s eyes as they’re both watch their miserable friend, and the look they share doesn’t need any words.
“Ugh,” he groaned, “I’m so pathetic, it’s embarrassing.”
“Will you please just leave it Stark?” Steve scowled.
“Shut up. Shut. Up! Don’t say you’re fucking fine, Steve. Everyone knows you’re not. And for the record, you’re an idiot. A stupid, inconsiderate, self-sacrificing idiot, who never thinks before he acts this recklessly. You could’ve died out there. Yeah- hey, don’t look at me like that, Rogers. Do you ever consider what could happen when you go into a fight when you’re in no state to do so? Huh? I don’t think you do, ‘cause then you’d know how fucking ignorant that is. I don’t want your death on my conscience so you better stop being a careless, selfish ‘hero’.”
Steve wanted to object so badly, but he was too tired to response with anything else but a sigh and an irritated hum. He just continued looking directly into the eyes of the armoured man: shiny and comfortable and beautiful. All the noise and clatter around them seemed to fade out. Tony’s mouth was moving, yet it was inaudible to Steve. He felt how Tony’s grip got tighter, and Steve cracked a smile at how their bodies were so close, so connected.
makes his face prickle and his nose twitch uncontrollably. Steve sniffles quickly, and Bucky notices it immediately and quickly grabs a tissue from the side table and hands it to Steve, who thankfully accepts it.
His curiosity got the better of him and slowly he moved his hand from Steve’s shoulder and softly placed the back of his hand to his cheek. He immediately withdrew it, like had he stuck his hand into a flame and burned himself.
. But this time, he does. He makes a mental note to tell that to Pepper. She would be so proud.
Uhh, I-I don’t think so. I gue-. Tony?” Steve interrupts himself as Tony stopped in his tracks.
As if Tony, or rather JARVIS, could read his mind, the door to the workshop opens and Steve, who was leaning with all his weight against it, clumsily stumbles into room. He straightens up quickly, mumbles a quiet thanks, presumably to JARVIS, and walks directly towards Tony who’s sitting with his face in steepled hands, his eyes squeezed shut.
Tony, however, doesn’t seem to mind. “
Steve was well aware that he and Tony were very different, polar opposites some would say, but their conversation that morning had given Steve some kind of hope that they could set their differences aside and be friends. Maybe even more than friends if… No, Steve thought. No. Tony deserves better.
“Huh?” Steve cocked his head and Tony figured he didn’t catch his joke.
Natasha playfully ruffles his hair, Bucky gives him an affectionate pat on the arm, and with that, the two of them flees the room.
“Yeah, me neither. I think it’s because you can’t keep up with my wit when,” Tony joked, nudging Steve slightly.
someone say the word
Tony Stark, after all, and he’s not exactly known for keeping his mouth shut. Especially when he
Tony hands him a fresh tissue and Steve gratefully accepts it, giving a quick, ineffective blow. By this point, he’s basically unable to breathe through his nose, but he doesn’t want to gross Tony out any more than he already is.
“Tony?”
Steve doesn’t even get a chance to breathe before the tingling sensation comes back, more powerful than before, and Steve knows it’s a loosing battle.
“You probably haven’t. I can’t even remember the la
Steve’s voice was so soft and sincere, Tony couldn’t help but get butterflies in his stomach. When Steve’s eyelids got heavier and heavier, and at last shut entirely, Tony just had to run his fingers through the soft, blonde hair. After a few minutes of just watching and appreciating the sight in front of him, everything got darker and within a minute or two, Tony was laying halfway on top of Steve, both of them fast asleep in each other’s arms.
“I can’t believe me being sick, and sniffly, and sneezy and gross makes you think I’m cute,” he shook his head lightly, huffing a laugh.
“Yeah, well, you tell Fury that,” Steve sighs. “Don’t worry ‘bout me, though. I’ll be going straight to sleep when I’m finished.”
“Hey Cap, I-,” Tony sighed before he continued, “Look, I know I might be the last person you want to talk to about this… about anything, probably, but I just want you to know that you can talk to me. I’m not known to be the best listener. I’m egoistic, or so I’ve been told, but I’ll try my best.”
, he thinks to himself and lets out a congested grunt.
st time I-I
He had completely lost all sense of time, he had no idea how long had passed when he felt something snatch his shoulder. His narrowed his eyes, clearing his slurred sight. focussing. When he looked up, he was met by a pair of warm, brown eyes that were filled his worry and, to some degree, anger.
“Rogers! Answer us!” someone snapped though the comms.
Steve ducked his head and chuckled as he gave Tony’s hand a squeeze. When he looked up, his eyes were sparkling. They were still red-rimmed and he still looked worn out, but something had changed.
Tony wouldn’t say he was startled — surprised but not startled — when the figure that was nearly collapsed over the kitchen table turned out to be the one and only Steve Rogers, his head buried in his palms. It wasn’t like it was the first time Tony had run into Steve in the middle of the night, however, this wasn’t under the usual circumstances.
Steve heard nothing but white noise, a long screaming sound ringing in his ears, but he could see the tears when passing pedestrians, sense them sobbing and feel their fear — there was no need for any sound. Steve could hear them loud and clear. Shouting, whimpering, crying… He felt an ache in his chest, a thump, and he swallowed thickly, quickening his pace.
Steve waved the brunette off. “M’ fine, Tony. Y’ don’t need to-“. Steve didn’t get to finish his sentence before dizziness overtook him once again and stumbled slightly.
Tony sighs at the sound of the recognizable voice and turns on his heels. He had to face it sooner or later.
Steve cracked a small smile at first, but his expression quickly crumbled once again.
“Bless ya,” he hears Bucky mumble quietly, and Clint offers a
“Bless you,” Tony said preemptively.
That came out harder than he had expected it to, but Tony was feeling too petty to do anything about it and just left it at that.
“hehh… hehShoo! ehhTISH’oo! SNFF”
Steve smiled wryly. “Thanks a lot, Stark. Nothing’s new then,” he said and cocked and eyebrow at which Tony rolled his eyes.
“I know,” Steve sighs heavily and harshly scrubs at his face. Just
“Cap? Cap, you there? Steve!”
Much to his annoyance, he heard the sound of the door opening and a pair of heels stamping towards him. The redhead stopped a few feet in front of him and crossed her arms, accusingly raising one eyebrow.
to be in order when it comes to Steve.
“That’s all I am,” Steve croaked. I wasn’t a question, more like a statement. “That’s all I ever will be. The fearless Captain America. I’m nothing more that.”
Tony grabbed Steve by the bicep, pressing his fingers into the muscle. Gosh, Tony thought. He knew Steve was 220 pounds of pure muscle, but damn. Touching Steve’s upper arm was like hitting a brick. Tony was sure that if there ever would be a live-action Hercules movie, Steve would get the role in a heartbeat. Everything seemed to add up: his incredibly muscular build; his piercing eyes, which were more blue than the clearest ocean; his golden hair, resembling a god perfectly; and lastly, his blinding smile and his plump lips, which Tony definitely didn’t want to kiss. Of course he didn’t, why would anyone think that? No, Steve’s lips were the last thing on earth Tony wanted to touch. The last thing.
Tony hesitated and frowned. He opened his mouth to say something but never got the chance to speak before Natasha nearly pushed him off his chair.
“So. You go take a shower, and I’ll see to get you some meds after talking to Fury… If I’m not there in an hour or less, send out a search team, just in case Fury actually
“Just this once, huh?” He slowly bent forward, his face nearing Steve’s who stayed still.
He sneezes off to the side, his hair falling into his eyes as his waist snaps in half. Rubbing at his itchy eyes, he lets out a stuffy sigh and leans back in his chair.
Steve responded with a frail nod and an acknowledging hum. He rubbed at his face and Tony began to realize just how shattered Steve looked. Sure, he’d noticed the bleary eyes and the pinkish tint to his cheeks, but in this moment he saw small beads of perspiration on his forehead and the dark bags under his eyes.
Tony Stark was used to posing in front of the cameras, giving his best toothy smile, making conversation with everyone. He went to galas and fundraisers, wearing some of world’s most expensive suits and looking as glamorous, if not more than a Hollywood-actor on the red carpet. Point is, Tony was used to keeping up a facade and adapting his demeanor to fit the genius-billionaire reputation.
Tony has seemingly forgotten all about the reason why they were both lying on the common room sofa, completely tangled up into each other. Steve whimpered and gave a shaky sigh followed by a harsh cough and a weak wheeze. He squeezed his eyes shut, then stood up, perhaps a bit too fast, as he stumbled and had to grab the sofa to keep himself from falling. He sighed once more, a deep breath, before exiting the room just like Tony had done 30 seconds earlier.
Normally, Steve would be up and ready, drinking a glass of water, wearing his running gear and be ready to get out the door for his daily 10-mile jog. (Which wasn’t really a jog. For anyone else, Steve’s pace was basically their maximum speed, but that’s the perks of having a super-soldier-serum injected into you.) Today, however, Steve didn’t seem particularly lively and spry, which Tony found odd. His back was hunched over, a complete 180 from his usual perfect posture. He was wearing an oversized sweater, by which Tony was impressed, it was normally quite the challenge finding clothes that fit Steve’s muscular build let alone finding something that was too big. He looked so small, Tony thought to himself, which seemed impossible for someone Steve’s size. A strange unfamiliar feeling spread inside Tony’s chest, it was warm and uncomfortable, he thought, and tried to shake the feeling off before finally entering the kitchen.
“Oh, um… Tony?“ Steve croaked, voice was weak and fragile, then he coughed slightly.
, which he doesn’t quite understand why, but definitely doesn’t complain about. The allergies, though? Well, they don’t appear
“Hey,” Tony croaks. His hair is ruffled and Steve tenderly brushes it out of his face, giving him a weak smile when he finally can see him fully, then runs a hand through Tony’s greasy hair.
frequent as they used to, at least not for longer time periods, but when
Steve exhales tremulously and clutches Tony’s hand tight. “I promise, Tony. You matter to me.”
“Sorry to dis- heh, snff, disappoint you,” Steve said as he rubbed his nose with the back of his wrist, “ but, uh… I- huh,” he suddenly trailed off, mouth hanging slightly open, eyes squinting at Tony. He drew in a sharp breath, burying his face in the crook of his elbow, pressing into the soft fabric of the sweater. Tony was confused. Was Steve about to-
Just wanna get this over with.”
“Fuck off,” Tony growled and Dum-E and U.
“Fuck… I didn’t know why I said that. I’m sorry, Cap, I didn’t me-.”
“Thanks a lot, Stark. Just what I needed.”
He laid down next to Steve, wrapping an arm around his waist, letting the bigger man be the little-spoon, and he instantly felt sure that this would be the best night’s sleep the two insomniacs would’ve had in a very long time.
His throat clicks when he swallows.
“I should be set,” Tony says. Then, “Actually, if Pep could hand off those specs from Fury, I might as well take a glance.”
Tony hums. He suspects that translates roughly to ‘I was going to lose my mind if I had to stand next to any of the Avengers anymore while they frantically and furiously paced, pretending they knew a single thing about patience’ but his brain catches on the part where
“Tony,” Steve says Thursday night when Tony finally cracks, spills a watered-down version of his guts into the space between them. “It’s going to be okay because we’re going to make it okay. It’s not that I don’t think there could be problems, but I’m pretty sure we’ll be able to handle anything that does come up.”
“Pshh,” Steve says and thinks, to hell with it. “There’s saying Captain America needs Iron Man at his back—which is true, why do you think you have the shield?—and then there’s this,” he drags the metaphorical knife a little deeper, through the muscle, “Steve Rogers to Tony Stark: my life tends to be better when you’re there.”
“But in that case,” Steve shrugs and it’s awkward with him lying on his side, but when he meets Tony’s gaze with such determination it’s more Cap than Steve, and Tony’s chest bites down on a wad of feeling. “We’ll fix it.”
“Would you like me to lie to you, Boss?” FRIDAY says; she sounds bored. Tony takes a half-deep breath, careful of the way he feels like he’s been stabbed between the ribs. The joke feels normal, brings a false sense of control he desperately needs, but it costs him, just talking, being awake, breathing.
Then he brings out the big shaving kit; his facial hair is a scruffy mess, the biggest indicator that he’s been in medical for a few days. He goes through with the comb first and trims everything down, and then shaves down the borders. It’s when he’s almost done, just going through with the scissors to snip at the strays, that he stops. He turns the scissors over in his hands, open-close, open-close, lets them catch the light.
Tony makes his own vague hand gesture because, ha, Bruce, two can play at that game.
“Baby steps,” Tony says, praying to God it’s not offensive in some way. The weirdest things piss off parents, and even weirder things seem to get under Clint’s skin.
Damn, Tony thinks. Cat burglar, scientist. Smarter than he looks.
Wanda looks anxious as a nurse fixes a butterfly bandage to her cheek. Steve knows how close she and Clint are, and he’s seen her protective streak when it comes to Hawkeye.
Good, Tony thinks, and this time it might actually be.
Steve’s gone already, presumably getting a workout in before the day takes hold. Tony’s impressed with how quietly Steve must’ve slipped out of the room. Normally—barring near-death experiences or post-insomnia crashes—Tony’s a super light sleeper, an annoying-if-sometimes-useful tick Extremis doesn’t seem to have affected at all.
“Right," Tony says. “Fri?”
“Yep.”
“Noted,” Tony says. “And correct as usual. I knew there was a reason I kept you around.”
“I think you’re right,” Wanda says, after a moment. She still looks conflicted and distinctly uncomfortable, but Tony doesn’t think dragging it out anymore is going to do her any good.
“Winning,” Steve echoes. “What do you mean?”
“I sat down with Wanda, too. We had a nice, long talk.”
"A couple of the more in-tact ones self-destructed after you left the scene,” he admits. “Heard a fed talkin’ about how useful a man named Hawkeye would be to an operation like that.”
Conversation turns then to safer grounds, idle chatter more fitting of the hour. Everyone filters through eventually for caffeine and food and company.
Something’s wrong, has been for a while. Tony’s hardly spoken since they were unburied, only giving verbal affirmatives to confirm positions or to call out a teammate’s name. That’s not right for Tony, but Steve had chalked it up to exhaustion and an injury or two, just like the rest of them.
“Yeah,” Pete says, and it’s slower this time, like he actually is breathing, but he still sounds…not entirely reassured.
Tony had absolutely no idea how long they sat there like that. His perception of time was tentative on the best of days, and he was twisted in knots tonight. Maybe he nodded off for a couple minutes. One moment his head was radiating pain, and the next it'd ebbed considerably. He shifted, just a stretch of muscles, and he felt raw, but not like his body and brain were screaming.
“So you just called to say hi, then?” Tony teases. He leans back and scoots around until his back is propped up by the bathtub and his legs are loosely criss-crossed in front of him. “Are those big, mean Avengers neglecting my poor baby?”
U, the more patient of the bots, waits until Dum-E’s got it all out of his system, and then comes forward slowly like Tony might spook, so he holds very still as U’s claw comes to rest, open, on Tony’s shoulder.
“I’m gonna tell our concerned party you’re not eating up here,” Rhodey says, eyes bright.
It goes all the way through his spine, that word, like intravenous nostalgia. He might flinch at the sound.
He flips the lid of the box open and starts eating a slice right there in the doorway. It’s absolutely shocking, then, when he realizes how much he wants a drink. He’s craving one, content and full of camaraderie.
“I just—I make sure we’re all protected. You’re the one who makes sure we’re protecting others out there,” he says, feeling like he’s choking, like his world is reorienting itself again.
“She didn’t wanna help anyone,” Steve says after a minute. “She just wanted to hurt you.”
It takes him another slow moment to parse through the flow of information and get from
“You really didn’t know this was out here?” he asks, tilting his head toward the trees.
His screen shows him a spider icon, and he’s up faster than he’s ever been up in his entire life.
“So, what exactly—” Steve says.
Steve comes out of the bathroom and Tony tracks him by sound, to the dresser, the bedside table to click the lamp on, to the wall to turn the overhead light off, and to the side of the bed closest to the door.
“Welcome back,” Sam says.
“Okay,” he says slowly.
One of their major issues, Tony’s found, was that Steve takes everything at face value, takes all of Tony’s words to heart, and Tony sees subtext that isn’t always there.
“It’s—”
“There’s not enough coffee in the entire compound for this right now,” he says.
“Yeah,” he says softly. It feels like there’s something in his throat.
“I’m taking ‘em up to Central Park,” Tony says over the comm.
Of Clint, who seemed to be the only one who could tell that time Tony fell asleep in the armor after a six hour battle in lower Manhattan and covered for him to Fury during the debrief. The way he’d smirked afterwards, telling Tony about it, and the way Tony didn’t realize until the next day that Clint had gone all the way back to the Tower with him, talking and joking, encouraging Tony to let JARVIS pilot the armor back instead of flying it himself.
“Then what do you
Jesus
But Tony happens to like fresh-squeezed orange juice, so he doesn’t mention it (this time).
“Well,” Steve says, and he crosses his arms. His tone isn’t outright mean, but it’s not too close to being gentle either. Trust Steve to never shrink away from a challenge. “I don’t see why not.”
“Are you okay?” Steve asks, no hesitation. Tony laughs a wet-sounding laugh, and he half wants to tear his way out of his skin for how exposed he feels.
“Yeah, right,” Tony says. “Hey, I miss you. Why don’t you ever come around anymore?”
“Hey,” Tony says when Clint doesn’t. Clint stops in front of the cot and puts his hands on his hips.
“Did you say Spider-Man?” Sam says, sitting up a little straighter in his seat. “Where the hell’s he been? I need a rematch.”
especially after that stupid stunt he pulled on her in Malibu, “you want an upgrade?”
“Morning, Tony,” someone says. He waves at whoever it is but doesn’t look.
“I’m starting to get that learning to listen to you is more than learning to listen,” Steve says, and he looks a little stupidly proud of himself.
“You said ‘it’s nothing to worry about,’ ” Steve says. “What’s nothing to worry about?”
“So where’s the queen?” Steve says.
Sam had gone out while Steve was on the phone, and he comes back with an ice cream cake and sparkler candles. They put on nine, and Steve’s laughing in the picture Sam takes. He’s never had ice cream cake before, but he texts Tony after his first slice.
Of course, Tony spends his time throwing himself into work, upgrading everyone’s suits as quickly as he can before they get another call to assemble, FaceTiming with a couple of SI’s R&D best, sorting through the new applicants for the internship program, and, between everything else, going over his own notes for the impending team meeting, making Steve go over them, making sure all of the resources he’s promising to people are going to be up and running and ready for them the second they might be needed.
“A vacation, ideally,” Tony will say, and they laugh it off.
“Oh, he is,” Tony says. “I didn’t know they made kids that good. God knows I was a little shit until my mid-30’s. And, no offense, but I know for a fact you were a handful.”
“Not anymore, you don’t,” Steve says, and he’s laughing like the asshole he is. And when Tony turns back to look at him, Steve has an eyebrow raised in challenge or question. Tony huffs, keeps it light.
Tony knows from the couple of stakeouts they’ve been on together that Steve can be awake and throwing his shield between one breath and the next, so he suspects that the object’s close, but he can’t see it without shifting around. He wonders if it’s under the bed, and then about why he finds that possibility charming.
“Yikes, okay, there’s no need to bring out
Steve doesn’t realized he’s paused to listen until the sound stops altogether. He turns and meets Bucky’s gaze for all of two seconds before they both take off down the hallway. There’s not even a guard at the door anymore and Steve thinks, we’re gonna make it, nobody’s going to stop us—
why age of consent exists” conversation with Thor, even as he replies.
“I’m sorry,” Steve says with feeling. Tony sighs.
“The twenty-fifth,” Tony says. Yeah, duh. He remembers that. Who does FRIDAY think—wait.
“There you are,” someone says behind him. Tony doesn’t jump, but he does turn his head sharply, just enough to see Steve with his shoulder against the doorframe, casual as he pleases.
Tony shrugged. “Stop worrying,” he said and Steve sent him a tired yet thankful smile. “I’ve seen you embarrass yourself on multiple occasions, Spangles, almost on the daily. This is no different,” he continued, at which Steve whimpered and rolled his eyes.
hit him. Oh God, that’s a whole different story.
Steve sniffed and rubbed his nose with his knuckles, then swallowed as he took in a shaky breath. “I’m just so scared, Tony,” Steve sounded like he was within an ace of crying, his voice was so weak, almost inaudible. He burrowed his face in his palms and exhaled tremulously.
A short quietness filled the room and, for once, it wasn’t awkward between the two of them. Their confessions seemed to have broken that barrier.
“Fuck,” he cursed under his breath, “I’m so sorry, Steve. I should probably just, like, let you get some sleep. No work.” Tony stood up and shot the wounded soldier a serious look at which Steve laughed, still holding Tony’s hand.
“Oh, no- Don’t worry, Tony. I always run hot,” Steve said hastily. “S’not so bad… just a slight temperature, I think. Probably just cold though,”
Before definitively answering, Tony took one last glance the gorgeous face he so suddenly had fallen in love with. His forehead was covered in a thin layer of fever-induced sweat. He had dark circles under his eyes, a clear indication of just how badly he needed to sleep. His nostrils were still twitching ever so slightly and he sniffed quietly as he tugged himself closer to the duvet.
“Then I guess there’s actually one thing we have in common… Apart from wanting to ban Clint from choosing movies for movie-night,” Tony tried to lighten the mood, but Steve didn’t really react, just a small huff. The silence was deafening and Tony hated it. Tension filled the room and he knew it emanated from when he mentioned his issues with sleeping. He pondered for a few moments and then looked at Steve who was still looking like a sad puppy, and somehow his heart just couldn’t bear seeing Captain America this wrecked, both psychically and mentally. He had to do something about this.
“Don’t do
Tony sighed and scratched his neck. It was now or never.
Tony lips curled into an affectionate smile as he sat back down.
————————————
Tony moved closer, his hand grabbing Steve’s shoulder firmly. “Listen to me, Steve. I know it can be scary, feeling like you’re loosing control, but let me tell you this. Right now, your fear is controlling you. And look what it’s done to you already, you look like you’re on your deathbed- Sorry, right, not helping. Anyways, you simply can’t keep doing this to yourself, or to the team really.”
No one dared to say anything or move for a while. They just sat there in the dimmed lights, Tony’s hand still placed delicately on Steve’s shoulder. All of a sudden, however, Tony felt the larger man’s body twitch followed by the sound of a catching breath and Steve muttering a hurried shit. Out of the corner of his eyes, he saw Steve bury his face in the crook of his elbow and turn away from him.
“T- Toohhny, sn! I gooh- gotta,” Steve spoke through hitching breath.
, big guy, are heading straight to sleep,” Tony commands, eyeing the perfectly made bed, because of course Steve’s bed would be flawlessly made. Everything just
Steve had always hated the way Tony forced a smile in front of the cameras, how he was putting up an act. It was in times like this, quiet and intimate, that Steve could feel the warmth and sincerity that exuded from him, how has smile was smaller and a bit crooked but so much more real and so much more Tony. Whenever he managed to get that side out of Tony, Steve’s heart would flutter and think to himself that maybe, just maybe, he could be good enough for him and Steve would feel a wave of happiness that he hadn’t felt in a very long time.
Steve had been pretty hazy and probably hadn’t meant for anyone to hear all that. Tony felt guilty for being happy Steve had shared his feelings, but for once, Tony believed the two of them could actually get along, not bickering about all the small irrelevancies.
“Hm? Yeah?”
Steve chuckles and obeys, his bare feet making soft and quiet noises as he pads across the hard wood floor.
“On my way,” Steve responded, dodging multiple hits while running hastily down the street. When he escaped a larger group of attackers, he got a view of the city. Broken glass was covering the ground, the sunlight reflecting every once in a while, when he skimmed through a thick cloud of smoke. Fires were spread out everywhere, in the buildings, in the parks, on the pavements, some of them were small, others were tall flames leaving no hope for saving the matter.
felt like thi
Steve grabs his hand and pulls him back in, their foreheads now resting against each other’s. “Sweetheart… this is in no way too much to ask. You can never ask too much from me.” He says and presses a gentle peck on the center of Tony’s cheeks, kissing away the tears, leaving a salty taste in his mouth.
Spring in New York city is slowly setting in. The weather is getting warmer, the trees are coming into leaf, the flowers are blooming, and the birds are tweeting and chirping like their lives depend on it, so loud that you can hear it in spite of the noisy traffic in the busy city. Couples are going on walks and picnics in Central Park, children are eating ice cream, and people are wearing shorts and t-shirts, even though it is still slightly too chilly whenever the light breeze catches on.
Steve tries to focus, he really does, but the tickle is growing stronger and his breath starts catching in small, desperate gasps. He turns to stifle a quick double into his shoulder, not wanting to draw any unnecessary attention to him.
by tonight.”
She snorted. “Hello to you too, Stark.”
Tony was surprised that Steve actually confessed to feeling off, but then again, Steve wouldn’t risk anyone else catching whatever he’d come down with just because he didn’t want to admit defeat.
“I enjoy pissing all of you off, though. I feel like it’s becoming part of the job.”
“Tony, I- You know I can’t,” Steve said weekly, his voice so fragile. “I just can’t.”
He doesn’t even recall the debrief ending before Bucky nudges him and he jerks awake, sitting up straight. People are shuffling out of the room as he blinks the confusion away.
,” Tony gestures with his hands. “Don’t waste your time on me… I’m not worth it.”
Steve wiggled away a little, feeling a bit embarrassed. He let out a whimper and looked down at his wound, then clenched his jaw, trying to ignore the pain.
Tony threw his hands up in frustration, then pulled his hair tightly, eyes widening. “Like this, like you’re okay when you’re obviously not!”
“You’re right, Tony. You’re not… You infuriate me like no one else. You drink way too much coffee and never listens to my orders, snff! To anyone’s orders, in fact. You’re a pain in my ass,” Steve listed and Tony could only nod in agreement. “But you’re also generous. You do care about the people you love. I know the reason you work so much is because you want to help. And yes, we clash and we argue, just like right now, but you bring out the best, a- snf! and sometimes the worst in me. But I wouldn’t have it any other way… I love you too, Tony.”
“Shit,” Tony muttered under his breath as the realized the loud noice was the Avengers emergency-alarm. “JARVIS, what’s happening? What’s the time even?”
After a few minutes of Tony staring directly into the ceiling while continuously giving himself shit for thinking of one well-known super-soldier, his inner dialogue was disturbed by JARVIS.
Tony had never imagined that he would fall in love with the man he had both idolized and hated when growing up, but then again, he never thought good things could actually happen to him. But this. This was more than Tony could ever hope for.
“I promise you, Tony, I’ll be here as long as you’ll let me.”
“The guy’s got a gunshot wound the size of my fist, broken multiple bones and is nursing a concussion just to top it off, and he’s worried about me? That’s ridiculous.”
He tried to only look forward. If he stopped running now, he wouldn’t reach Natasha in time, so he accelerated once more, frowning in tension. One, two, one, two, he counted inside his head, hoping to keep his mind off of the disastrous state of his surroundings. But fuck. Why was breathing so damn hard? Normally, Steve could run for hours without being short of breath or even breaking sweat.
“I need you to listen to me,” Tony says.
that. There’s a crease between Steve’s eyebrows but not in same way as when he’s angry or disappointed. It’s frustration, Tony thinks, and something else.
“We sleep in the same bed,” Tony offers weakly.
“I’m glad,” Tony says on an exhale and—
He looks about as confused as Steve feels. He sweeps his gaze over the rest of the team, noticing Natasha’s pinched mouth and Clint’s narrowed eyes, the way his hand inches towards his quiver. It’s Wanda, though, who steps forward and puts her hands up threateningly.
“His name’s Dummy,” Tony says. “And he’s not why I invited you down either. Come here.”
The sink turns off and his stomach swoops in response. He rolls fully onto his back, closes his eyes, and takes a careful breath. Slowly in, in, in, and past the point that used to stretch his lungs. There’s so much room there now, he can breathe so deeply it’s astonishing, and still surprising somehow if he pays attention to it.
The new Malibu house seems dead, like a thing he built and left, unused, mostly a backup plan. It’s all newly designed, so memories of Pepper’s smile don’t linger around the corners and Obie’s ghost doesn’t haunt him, but it’s a double-edged sword because there aren’t any of his bots here and he didn’t fish anything out of the Pacific he couldn’t salvage but, God, sometimes he misses his mom’s piano.
“Right after the Avengers started,” Steve says, because fuck it, Sam ruined it anyway, he can listen to Steve’s pity party, it can be Steve’s gift this year, “and we’d all been helping with cleanup for weeks and weeks, it felt like we weren’t making any headway. So Tony goes to everyone else and floats the idea of a surprise party for my birthday. Just, y’know, as a way to unwind and get to know each other without the life-or-death threat.”
It’s not that Tony doesn’t want to be happy because, honestly, who doesn’t? He simply doesn’t know how to seek out happiness without being an entirely destructive force unto the world. Sure, there was that brief period of time with Pepper, but even that was doomed from the start, a form of slow punishment onto himself.
Tony’s jarred out of his mind by Clint, who’s suddenly very very there and taking up his field of vision all at once. Tony starts badly but he recovers quickly. Clint has the decency to look sheepish.
Despite how he keeps running from Steve, how he keeps pushing him away, he can’t imagine life without him. He thinks he might understand Steve’s panicked cross-country trip a little better, thinking of it like that.
Steve tenses, curling a leg up over Tony’s, and from here he can see Steve’s eyes squeeze shut. Tony brings a hand up to the short hairs at the end of Steve’s hairline, suddenly grateful he’s not confining himself to words to comfort Steve anymore.
“Hey,” Tony says in reprimand, but there’s no real edge to it, because Karen is overprotective, a little bit, but she’s better for it, “leave the girl alone. She’s just looking out for you.”
This is, of course, the moment Steve jumps out of the Quinjet without a parachute or a warning. The sun has officially set, but the CPD has set up floodlights along a couple of streets already, and Steve’s shield glints as he tumbles down to the earth.
It’s not punishment, of that Tony’s pretty certain. He’s not above anger or resentments in his darker moments, but he’s at least sure he’s beyond lashing out or acting in any way like someone else’s pain is going to make his less.
“Fri,” Tony says, triggering the release on the armor, “I want the equivalent of one of those bots collected and secured before the conveniently late cavalry arrives.”
Come on, Stark, you can do better than that. “Things are—better, I’m coming to find, when we work together instead of against each other all the time. But it’s. Not more important, per se, but, I. Also enjoy it when we’re friends outside of what that may or may not mean to the overall security and safety of the world and the human race.”
“Bananas are pretty easy coming back up, too,” she tells him. Tony snorts.
So, he gets it. That doesn’t make Tony any less fed-up.
Of Thor, who doesn’t run on the 24-hour day Earth happens to have, and who Tony’s never been particularly good friends with, but who Tony fell into the habit of sitting quietly with in the dead hours of the night shortly before Ultron destabilized everything. The faint surprise of finally seeing the older, quieter parts of the prince, who has lived through death and destruction and love in equal measures, the depths of which Tony doesn’t know how to comprehend. The settled feeling in his chest when he realized that, whether he could understand or not, Thor had still chosen them, the Avengers, as his brothers-in-arms.
“Hey, Bold Jumper,” Tony says, “you into cars at all?”
Bruce is looking at him now, scrutinizing him with one eye, the other one hidden by the pillow. He rolls fully onto his side after a stretched out moment, revealing the other eye, looking wearier and less sleepy as he takes that in. One side of his mouth pulls in tight in a not-smile.
“Why the hell not,” Tony says.
“Of course, you can have the team of lawyers if you’d prefer,” Tony says.
“Of course I can,” he says, already taking another tissue out and rolling it into a ball. He hardly looks at the can before he throws.
This time Tony doesn’t even hear the elevator until the doors are sliding open and voices drift out. It’s reassuring actually; he’d been half-afraid the hyperawareness that came with the heightened senses would stick around forever. While, yes, it’s bound to be useful in some situations, the idea of it being permanent and constant is exhausting to contemplate.
“It might’ve been fine for a smaller team,” Tony says, rather diplomatically, in his opinion. “But there’s enough of us now, we need to be more—democratic, if we want this to work.”
“I’m not saying you have to—or should—stand near a ledge with her,” Tony says. He shrugs. “Maybe you should talk to her, though.” Bruce is still looking down at his phone, but Tony doesn’t think he’s looking at much of anything on the screen. “Y’know. For the sake of the team.”
“I can’t believe
They’re all standing around the compound because there’s no SHIELD to report to anymore and there’s available medical for anyone who needs to be looked over. Everyone’s here from the rogue crew: Clint, Wanda, Scott, Steve, Sam, T’Challa (who never was one of the rogue Avengers, but Tony’s not an idiot and it takes someone rich as Tony or T’Challa to feed a super soldier). Everyone but Bucky. But, to be frank, Tony’s tired. He has bruised ribs and he’s exhausted physically and emotionally, and he’s not going to ask where Barnes is. Vision’s here too, but he never left, and so is Natasha. Rhodes is doing better but nowhere cleared for active duty yet.
“Yeah, we’ll see about that.”
Tony even makes it the rest of the way to bed, and then, somewhat mechanically, to sleep. When he wakes up in the morning, he still can’t stand the thought of staying, so he starts packing a couple bags.
“Uh, no,” Tony says. “I’m fine. And, no offense, but Cap couldn’t kidnap me if he tried.”
“Uh,” Tony says. “Neither has Bruce,” because that much is obvious.
“No you’re not,” Steve says firmly.
“Rogers thought I was trying to…I don’t know. Make something up to him? Give him Barnes back as a conciliatory prize? You’d have to ask him.”
“FRIDAY?”
“I dunno,” he says. “Definitely more procedure outline. Ranking, or...chain of command? Not to derail your plan here, ’cause this is all very—considerate. But the functional problems that fucked us over with the Accords could’ve just as easily been fixed with solid command, I guess.”
“Why?” Clint throws back incredulously. “So he—so you can all use her as an excuse? There’s no need to single her out like that! She—”
“So Clint, Thor, and Dr. Banner all jump up from where they’re sitting and start screaming at one another and at Tony, and Clint’s calling Nat a traitor, and they all run out of the room like their asses are on fire, and I had no idea.”
“The feelings freakout,” Bruce says. “Are you just figuring this all out now?”
There are a million and a half hospital noises around them, the beeping from hundreds of machines, the dripping of half as many IVs, heels clicking, rubber skidding, wheels turning, every channel of daytime TV, people whispering-talking-crying-laughing. The smells are their own kind of overwhelming, all the sickness and sourness of infection and the worst parts of the human body, overlaid with chemicals and disinfectant and Tony would swear the same exact laundry detergent his first boarding school used.
he thinks, but it occurs to him that this might not be an entirely fair thing to say. He doesn’t know how else to express it, though.
Is that a dumb thing to say? Probably, though he’s pretty sure the kid will appreciate the sentiment either way. Tony himself bombed most every history class he took, but out of spite towards his dad. That’s probably not something he needs to mention, though.
And Tony can’t be here anymore. He’s hit some sort of limit, or wall, and he was only supposed to blow through for some coffee anyway.
“Oh,” Bruce says in that mocking way he has when the lid on his temper loosens just enough. “So we’re taking cues from SHIELD now? Sorry, I mean Hydra.”
hope it was a chapter worth waiting for! and thank you to everyone reading, i appreciate you all so much<3
“They aren’t,” Bruce says without looking up.
“Might be time for you to join us on the ground, Hawkeye,” Steve says.
Happy has Peter on his way to Illinois, too, but he’s on standby only until they figure out what kind of threat this is. T’Challa’s aware of what’s happening, and he’s on his way, but even in one of his jets it’ll take hours.
he says. Catching sight of the tablets, Steve groans.
The helmet rotates so the eyes are staring right at Steve, and his gut lurches. It’s that same unfamiliar, too-graceful movement Iron Man had when landing.
Rhodey hits the road soon after stopping by Tony’s room. Later, hours later, it’s the middle of the night. Tony’s lying in bed, in the comfiest clothes he could find, all lights off, and he’s thinking maybe Rhodey’s had too much faith in him yet again. It’s starting to wear on him, the not-sleeping thing. Even if he doesn’t physically need it (and he has to still need some, doesn’t he?) the psychological strain of being conscious for so long is getting to him in a way wouldn’t have anticipated. He’s stern with himself this time, though, and he stays in bed instead of going down to the shop or wandering out to the kitchen. He needs to sleep.
“There’s a rubric draft on the tablets,” Tony says. “Read over it at some point. We’re taking suggestions and critiques until it’s hammered out to something we can all be happy with.”
“I had strings, but now I’m free,” he sing-songs a little hysterically, “there are no strings on me.”
Tony snorts, and it makes his stomach turn. He takes one, two more deep breaths into the silence.
Once the guilt’s stomped out—or, at the very least, corralled—there’s a strange sense of terror in its wake. If it’s not his fault then there’s nothing he could have done to change the outcome. This is part of the risk Steve accepts when he picks up the shield, and he does so readily.
Tony can feel himself getting worked into an anxious tailspin over it all. It’s almost a relief when there’s a knock at his door not an hour into his efforts. He rolls out of bed and takes the few steps to the door and, dammit all, he’s not even uncoordinated, his body doesn’t even feel sluggish. He sighs, opens the door.
It’s quiet for so long that Tony actually does pull the phone away from his ear to make sure he hasn’t been hung up on. When he sees the call is still connected he decides to wait Steve out. It’s another thirty seconds before he gets anything.
“Okay,” Pete says. “Course.”
“Morning, Rogers,” Natasha says, smirking when Steve’s eyes fly open and land on her, taking in the scene.
“The protocol was designed so nobody would be able to tell,” Tony says gently, spoken softly instead of whispering. Steve just shakes his head against Tony’s shoulder.
Tony thinks.
of you to keep in the spirit of that,” Sam says. He lets the statement sit for a moment before continuing with a sideways grin, “Even if I was looking forward to everyone getting put in their places, just a bit.”
“Oh, y’know, just the usual. Well, really, I was in the workshop, fixing some upgrades and stuff. I was actually on my way to bed before I stumbled upon your pity-party in here,” Tony smirked. “I might also be trying to figure out a way to stop you and Thor from breaking all the punching bags and the rest of the gym equipment. Not because it’s expensive, it’s just a little inconvenient sometimes.”
, Tony thinks.
“Ugh, are you always this unappreciative? God, how rude of you, Rogers.”
“Sorry, I was just getting dressed,” Steve smiles sheepishly as he helps Tony fetch the things. “You really went to town with the remedies, huh?”
“You really should be going to bed, punk,” Bucky frowns a little and Steve responds with a shrug.
“Morning Cap. I guess you’re already up for your daily suicide of a marathon,” Tony quipped, at which Steve huffed a laugh that launched at small coughing fit followed by a shaky wheeze. Tony narrowed his eyes, something was definitely off with Steve, Tony was sure of it. He just couldn’t quite put his finger on what exactly it was.
“So you, Steve Rogers hot-as-fuck and super sexy, hunky super-soldier,” Tony’s hand moved uncontrollably, gesturing at Steve’s body, “are in love… with me?”
“In his—? I hope he’s aware of the fact that we’re having a meeting in less than five minutes?” Fury cocked an eyebrow.
“Hey, stop! Don’t. Even. Just… Calm down, okay? God, Steve, I’m sorry. You’re allowed to be scared. Hell, everyone gets scared sometimes… The thought just never crossed my mind. I’m sorry, I’m such an idiot,” Tony apologized and stood up, walking towards Steve, placed a hand on his shoulder and squatted down next to him, their eyes meeting each other.
————————————
“Hey there, stranger,” Tony smirked and walked towards the bed.
In front of him stands Steve. His hair is damp from the shower and falling into his eyes. He’s wearing a pair of oversized joggers that would look
Silence filled the room. Tony didn’t know how to react to what was in front of him. He’d never seen Steve so vulnerable, so defenseless, so… human. Nothing about the great Captain America usually seemed this way to Tony. Steve was always so guarded and stiff, which usually made it very easy, almost too easy, for Tony to piss him off.
“Ouch,” Steve snorted. “You’re being awfully honest. Anything else about me you’d like to criticize?”
He trailed off as he looked down and saw a red liquid oozing out from the wound, leaking through his fingers. He grabbed harder as another stab of pain ran through his body. He sat up against the wall, his vision became blurry. He was now panting, grunting in agony.
“For fucks sake,” Tony complained, then sighed and eyed Natasha. “Why are you here?”
Steve chuckled and shook his head affectionately. “Oh, I know you don’t. But I do. snf! And I’m probably not in the best of state to… y’know… right now,” he smiled wryly. Tony had completely forgotten about the fact that Steve had literally been shot.
“Traitor,” Tony muttered under his breath. “I thought I said access denied,” Tony repeated his precious statement.
“Oh, Rogers, you’re putting me on the spot. If you’d give me five minutes I could make you an entire presentation.”
Some time had passed since the last words between the two had been said. The silence was only interrupted by frequent sniffles and small coughs until Steve spoke up.
“So, you want to tell me what’s scaring you, hm?”
————————————
“T’ny?” Steve mumbled.
When the debrief is finally over, Steve is half asleep, his head resting on his hand. The ten minutes of nearly  constant sniffling and sneezing in the middle of the meeting exhausted him deeply, even his nose seemed too tired to itch anymore.
Tony stopped to breathe and realized he’d just stood there and nearly screamed at Steve for about a minute. His sight had turned blurry and his entire body was shaking, his lower lip quivering intensely.
allergy-season.
Steve looked up form his hideout. Tears were forming in the corners of his eyes, it was a matter of seconds before they would start running down his cheeks.
“Tony,” Steve croaked then cleared his throat. “Um… hu- y-you really shouldn’t be here right now. Uhh…uh-huhTChushh!”
“It’ll be okay,” Bucky shrugs. “Stark’s going to take a look at it after debrief. If he and the rest of them could speed the fuck up and actually get here,” he quips with a grin.
“Why are you here, Steve?”
Looking up with bleary eyes, Steve sees Bucky emerging from the door. He’s leaning against the door frame, his hair still damp from sweat and kept in a bun, a teasing smirk playing on his lips.
That was until he suddenly heard small, desperate gasp and felt Steve shuffle out of his hold.
Tony knew he was being a sneaky, manipulative little shit for dragging the team into the situation, they were Steve’s soft spot, but he forgave himself, it was in Steve’s best interest.
“I’m pretty certain that’s a fever, Spangles. I didn’t know you couldn’t get sick anymore… Y’know, with all the steroids they gave you,” Tony gestured to Steve’s muscular body.
, which seems to be his standard reaction to anyone who sneezes. Natasha discretely reaches for a tissue, presses it into his hands under the table and nods demandingly at it.
“The time is 7.18 AM, Sir. I’m sorry to disturb you and Captain Rogers, but it seems an emergency has occurred. Your assistance is needed,” The AI announced.
“Sorta seems like I could,” he mumbled and sighed. “How is he?”
Tony’s thoughts returned back to what Steve has just said, but he was unsure how to continue the conversation so he just blurted out the first thing that came to mind.
“I’ll stay. Of course I will.”
“Nah, don’t worry ‘bout it,” Tony waved a hand. “I just didn’t really fancy going to bed. Sleeping is overrated. A total waste of time.”
Tony stares, waits for the catch, the rest of the speech. There are so many holes in this plan of action he doesn’t even know where to start. First of all, it’s more like a plan of inaction, and Tony doesn’t do well with inaction, and neither does Steve he’s pretty sure. Plus, this is really the sort of thing that needs a contingency or twelve. Personal feelings aside, they’re Avengers, and this is literally their job, to be prepared for the worst possible outcomes.
“Okay,” Steve says, and his mouth ticks up in a smile. “So, basically, it’s a guessing game.”
When he’s not wearing safety goggles, he’s got the HUD glasses on, and everything is so much better. There’s less light stimulation from the tint of the lenses, and, strangely enough, the supplementary info from the mini HUD seems to help too. There’s finally enough right in front of him, enough relevant data, to occupy at least most of the corners of his brain. Between the HUD glasses and his music, and knowing that his team is safe and accounted for, he feels clearer than he has in months. He is, effectively, in the zone. Breathes in, feeling his lungs fill to the brim with air in that entirely satisfying way he hasn’t been able to do since Afghanistan, holds it.
