“Just get the fuck over here. I never thought I would see you again, let alone kiss you and hold you, and I just...get in this bed.”
Angry footsteps behind him precede Sherlock's voice, more coldly furious than John's ever heard it. If Sherlock was a different kind of man, John would be bracing for a blow. "Yes,
"Why'd they hit me?" John’s eyes meet Sherlock’s, unwavering. There’s no shame there. He already knows it’s not his fault.
“Jesus fucking Christ. I would never - I would never have suggested any of that, but. God. Sherlock.” John shivers against Sherlock’s side, presses open mouthed kisses down his shirt, soaking the fabric. “I do want to do all of those things to you. It's still so hard to say that, I feel like I shouldn't. But I do. God, how I do. But. There will be hard lines, and safewords, and all of that. For both of our sakes, alright?”
Hours later, John cards his fingers through Sherlock’s hair as Sherlock snuffles softly against his thighs. He’s not in the least tired, though it’s past midnight. The curtains are parted, a sliver of black sky visible above the rooftops across the street. The orb of a streetlamp glows hummingly in the lower corner of the window. John feels attuned to all of it; the London night, the smell of Sherlock’s shampooed hair, that one damned spring in the sofa that always pokes him in the arse. The world feels different again, just as it did that first night. He feels reborn, forty years younger, ready for anything, as long as Sherlock's by his side.
“What? You do?” Sherlock sounds completely flabbergasted. His red rimmed eyes filled with unspilt tears, lower lip trembling violently.
They made it to the outlying areas of Cairndow just before sunset. John had been increasingly brooding as they got closer, but as Sherlock turned off the A83 onto the A815, skirting the southern edge of the tiny village, John sat up as if on alert and took a deep breath.
“I’ve always wanted what you wanted. I needed the work because you needed the work. That’s just how we are - it’s a bit codependent when I say it that way," John laughs again, his whole body feeling impossibly light, "I guess I just knew somehow...that you were done. So I was done too.”
“No? That wasn’t one of your variables? Bit shortsighted of you. I'm disappointed.” John chews on the inside of his cheek, trying hard not to laugh. All his anger is being short circuited by the relief of knowing they’re not about to die, and more than a little bit by the charming display Sherlock’s putting on.
“Now what were we talking about?” John says, turning to face forward as Sherlock falls into step beside him.
“Well, I can’t just…” Sherlock looks at him pleadingly, but there’s no softness in John’s face right now. His jaw set in a hard line. “Do you have any idea how fucking hard it would be for me to quit shooting up cold turkey? I've been...for over a year now. I could...I could go into shock, John.”
John traces his tongue along Sherlock’s hamstring, scrapes his teeth along the sensitive skin on the inside of his knee. Sherlock sobs and throws one arm across his eyes, head thrashing back and forth against the sheets, the pillow having already fallen to the floor. Laying Sherlock’s trembling leg back on the bed, he crawls up to put their mouths together again. Sherlock meets him hungrily with an insistent tongue, pushing fiercely between John’s already kiss raw lips. John gentles the kiss, slowly circling the end of Sherlock’s tongue with his own, nudging their noses together.
Sherlock hasn’t slept in over twenty four hours. Overwhelmed suddenly with exhaustion and desire both, and trying desperately hard not to think of all the shit hanging over their heads, he allows John to pull him into the bedroom, tumble him down onto the bed.
They’re quiet for just a beat. Sherlock blinks the snow from his long black lashes. John can’t think of a single thing to say. He swallows, wanting to reach out and touch Sherlock, to dissipate this unfamiliar awkwardness that’s sprung up between them.
"I like when I can reduce you to vowel sounds." John slid up and laid beside Sherlock, brushed the back of his hand over his cheek. "Can you move?"
Sherlock sank the tip of the scalpel into John’s arm. It didn’t hurt at all at first, and then as Sherlock began to pull the blade in a horizontal line, the pain welled up, sweet and burning. It immediately went hot, all the blood surging to the surface, and he trembled at how good it felt, how right. It was release like he’d never felt before.
through him, something not unpleasant, but wholly unfamiliar. An avalanche of pet names tumble through his mind -
Those words were so unexpected, John’s voice so rumbling and deep, so inviting, there was no time to quell the shiver that coursed through him. John laughed low and nipped his earlobe, straightened up and sauntered off to the loo, that perfect arse wiggling just enough that Sherlock knew it was purposeful.
"I'm going to get you so wet for me," Sherlock manages, before lowering his face to John’s arse and licking a long wet path from his perineum to his sacrum, dipping just the very tip of his tongue into his loosened hole. The noises it wrings from John’s throat are like nothing Sherlock’s ever heard before. He does it again, this time lingering over that most sensitive place, thrusting his tongue deep inside John, inside that welcoming heat. John turns into a thrashing, whimpering thing, clutching at the edges of the counter, at Sherlock's hair, at anything he can dig his fingers into. He keeps pushing up to his toes, rocking his arse back, like it's not enough, like he can't get Sherlock's tongue deep enough. Sherlock licks and sucks at him until his entire face is wet, saliva running in rivulets down his throat and down John's balls, in thin streams on the inside of his thighs.
how I want you. I want to be with you the rest of our lives and I want to kiss you good morning and good night and I want to have your arms around me when we sleep and I want your breath on my neck and my hands in your hair and I want to share your bed and your life and everything. Everything. I want
John doesn’t appear to notice anything strange, as he quakes and moans, cock twitching wet and hot into the meat of Sherlock’s thigh, and whispers, “God, Sherlock,
He hasn't come without a condom on in so long, the first pulse of liquid heat is almost a shock. He watches himself, spilling white over John's fingers, and then looks up at John. His mouth is slack, lips crimson red and swollen with arousal, his blonde lashes tangled together as he jerks into Sherlock's hand and comes with a quiet moan, so sweet and soft that Sherlock can't resist kissing him, taking that gentleness and keeping it inside himself.
So imperfect, and human, and real. And yet, John is still a bit in awe of him. That wonder that possessed him right down to his bone marrow when they met has never
"Yeah, go ahead. I have...in the waist of my shorts, there's a little pocket..." John's breathless, chest still heaving from coming.
"Well that's exactly how it will be, then." John picked up Sherlock’s hand and threaded their fingers together. “I want to go home, Sherlock.”
“Not particularly. It’s more like...stinging.” Sherlock pushed the scalpel into John’s hand, picked up an unused alcohol swab and rubbed it over his arm, making spirals of clean skin in the blood. He opened another one, and unbent John’s arm, swept the swab up and down John’s forearm.
“He is.” Sherlock felt inexplicably grateful to this woman for understanding John, for seeing the good person that Sherlock knew still lived in him. “He is the best person you could ever hope to know.”
"In love with you? Happy? Perfect? Yes. I am. Also a bit sticky...Fancy a shower?" John pushes up off the couch, grunting a little as he straightens up, and grabs Sherlock's hand. "Let's find the loo. We never did even look at the rest of the flat."
"Yes, I sodding well do, Sherlock." John tried to move away, and Sherlock wrapped a foot around his calf, wound his arm around his waist. "Christ, you're a fucking octopus."
Jim comes loping out of the bedroom, glass vial twirling between two fingers. “Okay, Sherly, fifty.”
Sherlock gazes down at him with naked adoration, with wonder, his normally pouting mouth drawn up in a gentle smile. His fingertips are brushing the edges of John’s hairline, trilling down the nape of his neck into his collar. He doesn’t say anything at all as he folds forward, resting his cheek against the top of John’s head.
"Leave us alone, Jim. I mean it." He works hard to keep his voice steady. He inches toward the door, both desperate to escape and determined to stand his ground.
“Well, I never felt like it before. It’s been years, actually. It just...seemed like a day to bake bread.” John leans back against the steady surface of Sherlock’s chest and breathes in, but his hands don’t leave the bowl. “This loaf needs to rise. You want to help me make the next one?”
Finally Sherlock licks his lips and wraps his arms around John's waist and says, "I like it. I've just -- no one has ever called me beautiful before. Ever."
“John. John, wake up,” Sherlock jostles him gently, feeling awkward about touching someone he barely knows when he’s asleep, but John did want to be woken.
"Bullshit." John says firmly, but with kindness. "I think you're amazing. I've never met anyone like you. I think you're going to fascinate me every single day until we're old men."
John whirls, and almost drops his coffee cup on the floor. Sherlock looks completely wrecked, his eyes red rimmed and shining, his hair wild from his fingers in it, his face devoid of colour. There's a desperation in his face John has never seen, not even when he was bleeding out on this very floor.
“That’s um. A picture of me and my brother, and our dog. My acceptance letter to uni. And um, my friend Molly’s hair barrette.” Do not think about it, do not think about any of them.
She doesn't look offended; instead she laughs softly, and squeezes his arm. "What was I going to do? Leave you boys all alone? No, that wouldn't have done. Wouldn't have done at all."
Moments that had happened a hundred times. Moments that had never happened at all. But it was all John. John. Always John.
“You should have trusted me.” John’s voice had dropped to a hush, his hand methodically smoothing Sherlock’s hair away from his face. It was midday, the light outside blindingly white reflected off the snow. It spread heat through the window, illuminating them like an incandescent light bulb. Like they were in an interrogation room. Sherlock felt bare. Stripped.
Sherlock doesn't believe a word of it. He knows Molly is almost certainly dead. But John's so earnest, he can't bring himself to be discouraging. "Yeah, that sounds good."
, John tiptoeing down the stairs to wash up, someone who won’t be there in the morning still upstairs in his bed, while Sherlock swallows his jealousy and tries not to look at the way John’s hair curls sweaty against his neck. But Sherlock’s never seen the
Sherlock laughed softly, drawing circles on John's back with his fingertips. "So I have been told more than once."
"No, I don't want you to stop," Sherlock reaches down, curls his fingers around John's ear, his eyes watching the motion of John's hand inside his pants, "I just. I'm so - I'm really close already."
"Yeah," John can't deny he's just rutting against Sherlock's hip, listening to Sherlock's breathless words in his ear, panting high pitched gasps in between them, watching Sherlock's face and neck and chest go darker and darker, his feet moving restlessly against the bedsheets. He needs to put a fucking condom on. "Where?"
John couldn’t sleep. Lester had left hours ago, been discharged. It was dark outside, snow still swirling against the window. He gnawed the inside of his cheek, anxious and jumpy. He desperately wanted out of this hospital bed, but the truth was he was probably too weak to stand. He hadn't even tried. He had a catheter in, which was humiliating and also likely necessary.
John doesn't reply to that. Sherlock smiles as if he's said something wrong, and it aches in John's chest. He leans his head against Sherlock's shoulder.
“What? What?” Sherlock bends over, panicked beyond the capacity to be rational. He’s shaking from head to foot.
John’s tongue darts out, licks over his bottom lip and then the top. He scrubs his fingers through his messy hair and allows the broom to sink a few inches more, so he and Sherlock are practically nose to nose. His eyes are oceans of blue, endless and wild.
John's eyes bore into his back as he shuffles the dresser forward to see if there's an outlet behind it. He's waiting for an answer.
“Fuck,” he hissed, and Sherlock could tell he was trying hard not to pull Sherlock’s hair. “Are you smelling me?”
He swung his legs out of the blankets, and walked quietly into the hallway. Sherlock's voice sounded urgent, strained. The kitchen was dark, all the lights off. Shadows danced and winked across the green walls, the fireplace crackling merrily and casting light across the tiny flat. John hovered in the hallway door, out of the light. Listening.
There it was. Cracked face, frozen hands, scraped metal. The evidence of his sins, all his failures, everything he used to be. A reminder of why he didn’t deserve to be John Watson anymore. John Watson didn’t let people down, he didn’t let Sherlock down. There it was against his skin, too tight because his wrist was thicker than Sherlock’s had been. It hurt, pinched his skin. Good. Pain was good.
Before either of them could respond, she said breathlessly, “First murder here in, god I don’t even know how long. Since the fifties, I think. It’s exciting. I mean, it’s terrible, but...
It seems vitally important to touch everything, to make sure it’s solid. He runs his palm down the side of the wardrobe, drifts over to the window and parts the curtains to look down into the alley, which is pitch black. He perches on the edge of the bed, startles when he sinks down into it nearly up to his hips. Feather tick mattress. Obviously.
“Shit. Shit. This is all so fucked.” John rubbed his hands over his face and huffed. His head thunked back against the pillows and he shook his head as his eyes fell shut. “I have really fucked my life up, Sherlock. I don’t know how I can ever...go back. To how I was. Even if I don’t end up in prison for the fucking laundry list of crimes I’ve committed since I’ve been here, I don’t see how I can ever...have pride in myself again. Feel like I’m a decent human being.”
“Okay, smart arse, fine. Afghanistan. Now tell me how you knew. Did you talk to Kevin?” He shifts forward, hands on his hips, and chews on the swell of his bottom lip.
John laid flat palms against Sherlock's chest and melted forward, allowing Sherlock to press them closer together. He sighed deeply enough that it was almost a moan, took Sherlock's bottom lip between his teeth and bit down just hard enough to send a bolt of desire through Sherlock's stomach and directly to his cock. Sherlock jerked, a whimper escaping him as his fingers dug into the tendons of John's shoulders. John grinned against his lips and arched his back, his hips rocking down against Sherlock's rather bonier ones.
“Well. I hope you find whatever it is you’re looking for.” The bed creaked, depressed. There was the sound of rustling jeans and shoes being pulled on. “You’re too sexy and smart to be so sad.”
Sherlock sighs heavily and relents, his shoulders coming away from his ears as he lopes across the room and crumples to the sofa beside John. The stress is practically vibrating off of him, legs jumping, jaw set tight and tensed.
Sherlock noses against his neck and shoves into that perfect tight heat, all the way up to the knuckle. John cries out, arching from neck to ankles, his entire body going tense. Sherlock stills, thumb rubbing against John’s tailbone soothingly. “Too much?”
“Yes, alright. Just let me get dressed.” Sherlock throws the curtains back, squinting at the sudden influx of sunlight, and grabs his jeans and jumper from the day before, which he’d hastily flung over his trunk. He dresses quickly, tossing his cloak around his shoulders as they set off, and tucks the parchment in his pocket. Won’t do to leave it lying around for someone to find.
“Um. Yeah.” The kid moves out of the light, and Sherlock gets a first look at his face. Giant blue indigo lilac grey black streaked eyes, red chapped lips, cleft in his chin, a bit of acne, but overall he’s a bloody prince out of a fairytale. Beautiful.
“Want me to what, sweetheart?” Already slipping into the endearments that feel so natural in this space.
call me a machine." Sherlock looks down as he says it, fiddling with a dry leaf stuck in the ironwork.
"Except I didn't. I didn't get shot, and then concoct a plan while I was dying in a hospital bed in order to protect you for months from your murderous lying wife, and then let you come home after all was said and done and never say a word about..." John fades out, aware he's about to say too much, things that cannot be unsaid. He bites into his bottom lip.
The righteous tone in Mycroft’s voice sends John’s anger spiking. Suddenly his hands are fists, his body going tense. Ready for a fight. “Everything is private, it’s our
John nods firmly, falls into step with Sherlock as they leave the park and start heading south. They walk in silence for a kilometer or so. The steady cadence of John’s footfalls beside him are frighteningly comforting. He can’t do this again, can’t be attached again. He’s always alone. Alone is safe. Except when it isn’t, like tonight. John saved him.
“No, they’ve left. 68 bus to Euston - yes, John already pointed that out. As long as Mrs Hudson is s---good. Alright. Are we clear to go home, then? Ah. Good. And Malvo? He's here, yes? Thought so. Fine. Alright.” Sherlock hangs up without saying goodbye. “We can go home as soon as Mycroft sends us a tail, which should be about twenty minutes. Baker Street’s been searched and cleared. Malvo’s gone to ground, but he’s being looked for. The best thing for us to do is go home and think. I need to think, John.”
The softest brush of lips sweeps over Sherlock’s Adam’s apple, and then John’s arms close around him, head tucked tight against Sherlock’s collarbone. Sherlock hesitates for a fraction of a second, unsure, then raises his arms and wraps them around John’s shoulders, resting his face in John’s hair. He breathes in, the wool and musk smell that is uniquely John, and sighs contentedly.
Sherlock cradles his second hot toddy between his hands, rubs the pads of his fingers over the cracked surface of the ancient earthenware mug and blows on the surface. The scent of whiskey and sweet lemon drifts across the table.
“Hello.” He crooked a finger at me and shifted his hips, his eyes sparkling with mischief. “Took you long enough, my dear. Did you get lost?”
“Because I want to do something. You texted me, before, from all those strange numbers, and I knew, somewhere deep down, I knew it was you, but I wasn’t sure...and...I want you to text me. From your real phone. The way we used to.” John shook his head, and a ghost of the easy smile that Sherlock remembered passed over his face. “I know it’s stupid.”
Sherlock clears his throat. "Well. Being removed from cases. Being sent home. A suspension, if you will, from assisting me."
“What? Ready for round two already?” John stands up, tugging at his shorts and adjusting his now softening cock inside them. “I really do have to go back to work. It’s been forty five minutes, and I can’t lose this job.”
"Good. Me, too." They lie there until the come on John's neck starts to dry uncomfortably and their sweat becomes sticky.
“Morning, sleepyhead.” John shuffles in, shaved and showered and wearing a skin tight Nirvana tee shirt and a pair of jeans that actually fit him properly, and Sherlock’s mouth nearly waters at the sight of him. He’s balancing a tray with two steaming cups of coffee and a stack of toast. He sets it on the end of the bed and hands Sherlock a mug. “Before you ask, Greg still hasn’t rung.”
Often, it just had to be himself. He lost count of how many nights he’d disappeared into the alley behind Baker Street and just punched the brick wall until he knew he had hairline fractures in his knuckles, until there was blood splattered all over his clothes. Until he was crying with relief, the pain cracking him open enough that he could feel alive for a few moments.
?” Passing his fingers thoughtfully over the waxed tips of the moustache, John’s eyes narrow, squinting at Sherlock in the low light. A sudden grin spreads across his face, deepening his dimples. “Are you talking in
"Yes, of course." Sherlock pressed his lips to John's temple, then the helix of his ear, then the lobe. He slid his palm inside the cuff of John's jeans and over his calf, kneading lightly. "I miss you though. When you're out."
Sherlock nods, and she gives him what she must think is an encouraging kind of smile. Sherlock sucks in a breath, feeling every single alveoli expand. Pushes the door open, leaving the nurse standing in the hallway, smiling inanely at him.
“Malvo’s here,” John blurts out, his eyes fixed on one spidery crack on the handle of Sherlock's mug. “In London.”
By the time he was out of the shower, he’d cried himself hoarse, and pushed Sherlock far enough back in his mind that he could function again. It was 11:18. He’d Googled the Denny’s where he was supposed to meet his contact, and he had about 10 minutes to dress and go. He threw on a pair of jeans and a tight black tee shirt, grey corduroy jacket, black and grey wingtips. Rubbed gel into his hair and drew it up in loose spikes.
John's eyes fall closed. He can feel Sherlock's eyes on his back. "Oh, Sherlock. No. You don't. You don't want to have this conversation with me."
“Should have known I couldn’t keep Sherlock Holmes away from a lovely murder, even when we’re on our first proper holiday as husbands.” John turned and headed toward the house, striding purposefully, hands swinging in loose fists at his sides.
John lets go of his own now oversensitive cock, and takes Sherlock in his sticky hand, thumbs over the head. "That's it, my sweet boy, that's it."
like you to take me to bed now.” Sherlock twists the back of John’s shirt in his fist and pulls him back on top of him. “Please.”
A migraine. That’s what he must have. His head is pounding, a dull constant throb behind his eyes and down his spine. His throat aches, feels dry and raw. He struggles to remember - did he fall asleep on the sofa again? Did Sherlock put him to bed? Where
- call me names, filthy, debauched names, and spank me until I have welts, and leave me on my knees next to the bed for hours waiting for you, and I want you to - oh fuck, John, Jesus -”
,” he’s totally unprepared for the thick bitterness spreading fast across his palate. He chokes a little and pulls off as the second pulse sprays over his lips, and he remembers immediately the wicked satisfaction of having someone’s come smeared across his mouth. That it’s Sherlock,
Sherlock snuggled against him and pushed his hand away, ignoring for the moment his own arousal. Sometimes John’s pleasure was enough.
Christ, was the guy fucking waving at him? He sounded like he was a kid on Christmas saying goodbye to an uncle he didn’t know well, all discomfort and forced politeness. Except this wasn’t a situation for politeness. This was blood and fear, and silencers in the dark, missing person cases that would never be solved.
“So good, baby, Christ. You’re going to make me come already.” His voice catches on every word. Wracked with shivers, he reaches past Sherlock and yanks the bedside drawer open, fumbles for the lube, “Oh God. Fuck.
“So. Now. You need, you know…” John nods at Sherlock’s arms, and he instinctively covers them and with his hands. Humiliation burns more brightly when the need for it isn’t overpowering every other emotion. John pulls his hands off his arms, holds them in his own much smaller ones. “Don’t be embarrassed. I don’t want you to do it, but...you need it, right?”
“You’re always what I need, John.” Sherlock pulled at his lower lip, caressed it with his mouth, nudged John's nose with his own. It was an incongruously sweet gesture, and it made John's heart lurch into his throat.
“Shhhh, love. I’m going to take care of you.” John rolls Sherlock’s nipple between his teeth, licks at it with the point of his tongue, tasting him. “Take care - of - every - single - inch - of you.”
"Mkay." John tipped his head to the side, exposing more of that thick muscular neck to Sherlock's exploring mouth. He reached one arm under the blankets and rubbed at Sherlock's bare thigh. "No pants. You slag."
"Brat. You know, I rather like you over my lap like this. Should make a habit of it." He slapped Sherlock's bum again lightly, smoothed his palm over the curve down to where his thigh began, and slid his hand between his legs again. "Your arse is fucking masterpiece."
, entwined and desperate and indecipherable from the other one, everything that was wrong between them came from trying to hold this back, and now John is inside him and there's nothing wrong between them anymore.
John tosses his cigarette into the alley. "I'm sorry I got angry. I'm such a fucking arse, Sherlock."
John wordlessly tossed the pack in his lap. They sat in silence, smoking, a frigid wind sweeping through the room. Sherlock got up and threw the Belstaff on, covered John with an extra blanket. He sat back down, waiting.
The four hour drive to Fargo was excruciating. John had never driven a car for such a long stretch before. He had to pull into rest stops and take breaks several times, allow his frayed nerves to settle before he went on. It was snowing, laying thick across the road and the windscreen. It was a wet snow, huge puffy flakes sailing in the open window and melting into his jeans. He smoked incessantly and bit his lips until they bled.
Lestrade sighs and clicks his pen shut. "I can't help you if you can't give me solid evidence, Sherlock. I need a reason to investigate this guy."
John heads into the bathroom, and Sherlock drags himself out of the warm bed. He stands and stares at himself in the wardrobe mirror, twists at the waist enough that he can see the tendrils of pink scar tissue that lick around his ribs.
Sherlock had been the originator of the plan for tonight, but he was strangely shy about vocalising the actual act. John had asked him multiple times over the week if he was absolutely sure he still wanted to go through with it, and he assured John that he was. Now John petted his hair and they locked eyes. “While we’re cutting each other? Why can’t you say it, Sherlock? You said it once, and now you’re so reticent. We don’t have to do this, love. Tell me the truth. If you’ve changed your mind it’s alright, I won’t be cross with you.”
"Mmmm. Okay." John's eyes were closed, his arms resting crossed on the top of his head. He looked right on the verge of unconsciousness.
John tosses Sherlock his own keys, which he'd left on the coffee table that morning, and Sherlock catches them and grins in that crooked way that's always made John's knees a bit weak. Sure enough, there's that familiar trembling down his spine, hamstrings going wobbly. All he can see is the glint of winter sunlight in Sherlock's eyes, and he loves him so much his throat aches.
John slithers down, down, mouth rubbing over Sherlock’s ribs, wetting the trail of sparse hairs below his navel. Sherlock jerks and tenses when John’s intent becomes clear. He looks up at Sherlock, rucked up wrinkled shirt crooked over his nipples, his face crimson against the light blue cotton.
Finally John slides his kiss-stung mouth down Sherlock’s stubbly jaw and nuzzles into the curve of his throat. Sherlock breathes steady, John’s hands flat against his belly, and John wants nothing more than to pull them both into bed and just listen to each other’s hearts beating, count one another’s eyelashes, kiss until their lips are raw.
Sherlock's stomach lurches, and he backs up so fast he trips over his own feet, crashing against the door. The knob hits him in the lower back hard enough there will be a bruise later, and he fumbles at it with his left hand.
His eyelids were getting heavier. Sherlock’s hand began slowly stroking up his arm. “This okay? Doesn’t hurt?”
He pushed himself back off of John’s lap with effort, dragged his cheek across John’s and found his mouth. John tipped his face up and caught Sherlock’s bottom lip in between both of his, took his face between his hands, thumbs passing over his cheekbones. Sherlock was very warm, the room was very warm. He was finding it absurdly difficult to open his eyes, as John suckled sweetly on his lip, and slid his hands down to Sherlock’s waist. His fingers dipped into curves and rises, over the bumps of Sherlock’s ribs, the nubs of his vertabrae, slipped gently up and over his chest, and then dropped soft touches over his shoulder blades before John’s settled his arms securely around him and pulled him close.
He pushes past them with a smug grin, ignoring their goggling stares, and leans casually against the brick. With only a hint of resistance, he slips through the barrier and emerges into the cacophonous jumble of people, animal cages and rolling trunks that is Platform 9 and ¾ at the beginning of term.
John doesn’t answer. He tips his head back enough to look curiously into Sherlock’s eyes, his brow furrowed. Sherlock can’t look away - he’s never been this close to John for this long, never been able to stare into those inky blue eyes for as long as he wants. They’re streaked with zigzags of black and silver, dark at the edges, and heavy with desire. Sherlock takes one hand from John’s shoulders, brushes two fingers over those long curling eyelashes that always drive him crazy.
John steps forward, and Sherlock hooks his index fingers into the loops of his jeans, tugs gently. John lets himself be pulled forward, hips thrust out, into the vee of Sherlock's legs. His thighs are hot as they tighten on the outside of John's knees. Sherlock sighs in a way that sounds more like a gasp, and presses his face into John's stomach. His hands curl into fists at John's hipbones, fingers still in his belt loops, knuckles against the pockets.
The line moves forward, incrementally at first, and then seemingly in a rush, everyone’s pushing through the wide open front doors, cool air sweeping from outside into the already steamy club. There’s a thumping beat surrounding them as they push their way up to the bar, John’s fingers tightly threaded through Sherlock’s. It’s shoulder to shoulder, Sherlock leaning halfway over the bar, trying to get the bartender’s attention.
“Boyfriend.” John said it so quickly that he talked over the end of the doctor’s sentence. He caught Sherlock’s eye, his own changeable ones indigo and flashing.
“No.” There’s a tone in Sherlock’s voice that’s a bit off, though John can’t identify exactly what it is. He sounds...annoyed.
Neither of them is able to move for long moments, but lay sweatily pressed together, John’s heaving stomach fitted in the curve of Sherlock’s spine. Eventually John shifts, slipping gently from Sherlock’s body and sweeping a soft kiss against his neck.
John slipped his fingers under Sherlock's palm. Perfect. Warm. "You don't have to be so delicate with me."
“Am I?” John tries for lightheartedness, which is no easy feat with the image of their son’s bright blue eyes still lingering in his mind. He clears his throat. “No one’s ever said that about me before.”
Sherlock rubbed his hands from the nape of John’s neck to his tailbone, the hospital gown rumpling under his fingers as they grazed over John’s bare skin. He would have been so shy, so unable to touch John this way before. Now there was no hesitation, his calloused palms bumping gently over each vertebra, fingertips sweeping over moles and scars. His hands belonged here. John leaned into his touch and sighed.
“I just have some legal things for Mr Winston to sign, and then some instructions for you both about how to take care of those wounds until they’re all healed, the doctor will come in and talk to you and you boys are free to go. Another hour or so, alright?” The nurse sat down with John to go over the paperwork just as Sherlock’s phone buzzed in his pocket.
Sherlock looks up, eyes wet. He digs his fingers into them and rubs his nose with the back of his hand. "I did too."
“Alright. I’ll be right back with that, boys.” He gave them a tight smile and limped away. Injured. Ex-cop, then. Had the option for a desk job and couldn’t stand it.
"Really? I thought..." This is too fast. They haven't even had time to talk about it properly, and --
“Yeah, that. The trunk.” He wiped his index finger and thumb over his lower lip, pinched it between them. Nervous habit.
John rubbed Sherlock’s watch absently, feeling half nauseous with a hope he dared not allow himself to feel. There’d been no further contact after the last text, though. He'd texted back immediately, daring an open question instead if this cat and mouse game, "Sherlock? Is that you?" And nothing. Silence.
"Mmm. Changed my mind." John leaned forward and nosed at the hollow where collarbone met neck, drifted his lips back and forth. "Come on, husband. I want to ravish you. I
and twists his fingers tight between John’s. John bares his teeth in a silent growl, hips pumping shallowly, flush up against the lovely swell of Sherlock's arse, as he goes rigid for just a moment and then shakes and shakes, shakes nearly to pieces while Sherlock holds him together.
He swallows again, his chest feeling very tight. “Then why don’t you - ever,” he sucks in a sharp breath and shuts his eyes, as if that will help. “Why don’t you ever say it?”
"DS Lestrade. This is Sherlock Holmes. The CRN is 1291895/10BG. I'm the boy who you talked to in St Bart's a few days ago. I'm afraid I wasn't entirely truthful with you, and now I need your help. John Watson isn't my cousin, he's my boyfriend. I'm not from the country, I'm from Hampstead. And I do know who stabbed John, well, who ordered it anyway. His name is James Moriarty, and he's a drug dealer at Ascham Homes in Waltham Forest. The regular police know all about him, and they've never done a thing. I'm at Ascham now. I'm going to go in and talk to Jim, and I'm going to just keep my phone on, so you can hear what he's really capable of. He'll come after us, Lestrade. He'll never stop. You must believe me. John and I need your help. Please."
She patted his face, and then wiped at her own eyes with her apron. "That pie's about done. I'll put on the coffee."
- ” Sherlock forgets to move his hand, slack and loose around John’s cock pushed up against the soft skin under his navel, as his body shivers hard from head to curling toes.
A pause of consideration, two quick nods, and Sherlock sighs, folds his long legs up with his knees resting on John’s lap. John’s fingers find their way into Sherlock’s curls, scratching gently at his scalp, separating locks of hair to twirl and tug and rub softly between his fingers and thumb. Another contented little sigh escapes Sherlock, and he settles more heavily against John, curling his left arm up to play with the buttons on John’s shirt.
"I get the feeling you don't say that much." John shoves his hands in his pockets, looking bashful again, like he did when they met in the alley.
She left, and Sherlock dragged himself to the loo to wash his face and rinse his mouth out. The three of them ate soggy hospital eggs and stale toast in the dark grey minutes of the morning, silent and lost in their own thoughts.
“Oh, I probably could, given enough time and a bit more sobriety.” Sherlock leans forward, and lowers his already baritone voice into a dark rumbling purr, “And some familiarity with the freckles on your neck.”
“Oh, John! You’re awake!” Sherlock’s voice sounds beyond exhausted, shaky and hoarse with emotion. There’s the sound of styrofoam squeaking, ice shaking round in a cup, something being set on a table. “You’ve been in and out all night.”
I began to crawl back up into his lap, but as I rose, he slipped out of the chair with a wet noise and lowered himself to the spot on the floor that I had just abandoned. Half in the chair, one leg still stretched out beside where John was now kneeling, I cast him a confused glance.
John John John. Beautiful perfect generous kind John bleeding out on the floor and he’s thinking about getting high.
John's natural charm had helped him out of quite a few tight spots recently. People liked him. They trusted him. A few eye crinkles and a crooked grin, and people would follow him anywhere. Even when they really, really shouldn't have.
“Smell what, John?” Sherlock watched him out of the sides of his eyes, some unnamed emotion spreading through him, simultaneously melancholic and joyful.
Sherlock sneers at the back of James’ head as it disappears around a corner into the station, and checks his watch. He’s got a half an hour until the Hogwarts Express even arrives at Platform 9 and ¾. Enough time for a coffee and a cigarette. There’s a Costa right in front of him. Perfect.
“You...you don’t talk like an eighteen year old sometimes, John.” Sherlock murmurs wonderingly, kissing the hollow above John’s hip.
“You like your blood on me, baby? Your blood in my mouth, going into my bloodstream, absorbing into my cells, just like you wanted. Becoming a part of me.” Something hard lodged in John’s chest. Sherlock needed to do this to him; suddenly wanting it so badly he’s quivering, chills racing up his spine. His hand on Sherlock’s cock stuttered to a stop.
"I'll just get the coffees, then." He hates how his voice tremors. Hates how transparent he is. Because god, Sherlock has to know, he has to and he's never said. Course John hasn't either. It's just become ridiculous now. How much he wants. How his thoughts are consumed by wondering about the smell of Sherlock's hair and what his skin would taste like and the sound of his voice gone husky and gasping
"My sweet boy." John brushes tender fingers through Sherlock's hair as he straightens up. "Not hungry anymore?"
"I thought we were...mmm...heading somewhere." John's other hand was wandering up the inside of Sherlock's thigh, his voice honey sweet and husky.
John goes quiet as he pours the coffee, his face thoughtful. He hands both Sherlock and Harry a mug and sets his own on the windowsill so he can maneuver out of the window. Harry follows him, efficiently folding her slender legs and settling beside her brother on the metal grating. Harry’s eyes never leave John, but he doesn’t look at her, staring into the swirls of oil across the top of his coffee. John’s mouth twitches to the side, reticent.
think you're amazing. I don't give a fuck what you say." John rolls his face against Sherlock's shoulder as the drawbridge lowers and the crowd pushes forward en mass. “I always loved this bridge.”
"So now the flat is officially ours. We marked our territory." John raises his head, cheeks still holding a delicate pink blush, his eyes bright and giddy. He very deliberately holds his hand up, looks at it, sticky with Sherlock's come, and then dips his index finger into his mouth and suckles on the end of it.
I sank into them with a sigh, immediately pressing myself flat against him and wrapping round him as a vine does to a trellis. My knees I tucked back in the corners of the chair, which was now slick with a sheen of John’s perspiration, and my body slid easily alongside his. I spread my thighs so as to more easily fit our cocks together, and his hands slipped firmly round my arse and lifted me into position.
"Um. You sure? Because you're not acting like it's fine. At all." Furrowed brow, perfect red lips pressed in a thin line. John looks perplexed. He blinks a few times, leans away from Sherlock. "I thought we were..."
“Oh my god.” A surge of arousal tightens in his belly, but not only that. Affection, love, grief for the fact that they’ve ever been parted for even a single day - let alone well over a year and a half - surge up in him, and the unexpected emotion makes his chest ache. He drops a hand to John’s hair, caressing the back of that perfectly shaped skull that shelters the entirety of John Watson inside of it.
"Is that the best you can come up with? My. Well, let's cut right to it, shall we, dear? Did you come here to what? Revenge your golden haired little puppy?  So obvious, Sherlock. Tut tut."
John cuts cheese into small cubes, slices a banana, and pours tall tumblers of ice water. He sets it all on a tray and carries it into the bedroom, where Sherlock is sprawled across most of the bed, snoring in that ridiculously delicate way he does.
“Alright, gorgeous, you get the smokes and I’ll meet you on the fire escape.” John rolls out of the bed and scratches at his belly, yawns. “I’ll get the coffee.”
John is touching him. John is pushing his opened waistcoat off his arms and undoing his shirt. John is stepping closer, his hair tickling the sensitive skin under Sherlock’s tipped up chin. Sherlock shuts his eyes and tries not to hyperventilate.
"Yes. Just trying to organise my thoughts. There's a lot. A lot I want to say." Sherlock takes a long swallow of wine and refills his glass. "You know I don't normally, but."
"You ready for this?" John murmurs, wanting so badly to touch Sherlock, to reassure and comfort him.
“Cold out there today, certainly compared to London. Alright, now what’s your information, sir?” She was much more businesslike with Sherlock, but of course he’d got none of that affability that John was able to turn on like a tap.
Confusing emotions tumbled through Sherlock at John’s sad eyes and smiling mouth, all mixed up with his pride at having gotten them in the house. He wanted so many things at once, he could barely remember to make his feet move to follow Ginger up the winding drive and into the house.
They have so many things they needed to discuss, to do. Urgent, important things that have to do with their safety, and the rest of their lives. They have to meet with Mycroft. They have to talk about what had happened while they were apart. They have to sort out this Malvo and Moriarty connection.
“Absolutely.” John can’t stop looking at him, at the angles of his cheekbones, the smooth curve of his neck, his pinked up earlobes. He’s the most beautiful thing John’s ever seen.
When he wakes up, John’s always there, moustacheless and in rumpled jeans, but looking at Sherlock with the same unguarded affection that Sherlock sees in his dreams.
Ginger’s eyebrow lifted. “Ah.” His gaze flicked down to the wedding bands on their fingers. “Taking the wives for a nice country break?”
"Oh yes, forgive me for talking about sex with the person I'm having it with. What was I thinking? You're such a bloody prude sometimes, Sherlock." John looks up at him teasingly from under those absurdly long blonde lashes and mouths at his shoulder.
come-on, either. Better than something about corpses." John twisted his fingers up into Sherlock's hair, kneading the back of his head rhythmically.
“Oh.” John let out a shuddering breath. It could not be. But he had to take the chance. This time, he just had to see. He knew exactly what to say, what no one else could possibly have heard. Because this wasn’t a conversation at Baker Street. This was no chance Mycroft had been recording them. They had been all alone for this, sitting in the warm morning light in Dartmoor, having breakfast together. No one else could possibly know.
John smiles, his indigo eyes softening, laugh lines crinkling at the corners. “You keep calling me John.”
Sherlock broke the kiss, pulled away as John growled and dug his fingers into Sherlock’s neck to try and keep him there. His voice came out in a rasp. “
Their eyes lock, Sherlock can’t look away. Those eyes are mesmerising, compelling. John’s holding him in them, refusing to back down or look away. He’s smiling, though - my god, he smiles all the time - and another piece of armor is torn away, disintegrates in the face of this perplexing boy, who shares his food and stares down rapists and laughs like the world is still beautiful.
“No. You should have been here, eating and sleeping and taking care of yourself, so you can do it again. You’re no good to anyone half asleep and dehydrated, Sherlock. You know that. Or, actually, you usually don't, which is why I took you home.”
Not recently, though. John had been up before Sherlock the last few weeks, showered and dressed and chewing a piece of toast before Sherlock was even aware it was morning. When Sherlock would stumble out of the bedroom, one eye squinted against the wretched intrusion of sunlight through the kitchen window, John would smile and press a crumby kiss against Sherlock’s lips before jogging down the steps and hurrying to catch the tube to work.
“Good. Good, because, Christ, I don’t want to,” John kisses him again, tender and slow, tasting the edges of Sherlock’s mouth with the tip of his tongue.
John nods slowly, his mouth slack, watching Sherlock from behind the web of his mascaraed eyelashes. He continues to slowly stroke himself through his shorts, hips pumping shallowly. Sherlock tightens his fingers around John’s hipbones, hard and well muscled under his hands, and dips his head to his nipple again. John gasps, high pitched and desperate, arching his chest into the press of Sherlock’s mouth.
“I promise.” Sherlock brushes a thumb over John’s cheek and John tilts his head up. Sherlock kisses him slow and deep, running his tongue all along the edges of John’s, nibbling at his bottom lip. John wraps his arms around Sherlock’s waist, head against his chest. “I love you.”
After long years of deep friendship and unwavering devotion, the true nature of our feelings for one another had become nearly impossible to hide. Increasingly, we had exchanged furtive glances, hints, and flirtations that sent my pulse racing, and I was certain that Watson wanted me as completely as I wanted him. But I had virtually no experience in matters of the heart, and I was terrified of losing everything we had built together should my suspicions prove wrong.
"Yeah, alright." John's still looking at the wood planks set off to the side of the stairwell dubiously, but he follows when Sherlock beckons him down the steps.
“Yes.” Sherlock’s feeling that slight nervous anticipation he always feels when John’s instructing him instead of the other way around. He wants so badly to make him happy, to make John proud of him.
A thought’s been lurking in John’s mind all day, though he’s been unable as yet to utter the words aloud. After their meeting with Mycroft, he just kept turning it all over in his mind, the whole clusterfuck of his life over the last year, from the drunk tank in London to getting the shit kicked out of him in the hotel room in Bemidji. It all leads back to Malvo, and from him to Moriarty. Two of a kind. Cold, frightening, obsessive. Relentless.
“Mrs Hudson’s already brought lunch, and the door is locked.” His mouth slid down the column of my throat as he spoke, his words muffled against my skin. “We could have it off right in our new chair. Proper christening, I should think.”
Still better than London. London ran thick with blood. Red and black, chunks of brain matter sprayed against the grey wall of St. Bart’s.
John pulls on his blue striped pyjama pants - Sherlock's favourites - and kneels by the side of the bed. "Sherlock?" He kisses his cheek and brushes his still damp hair away from his brow. "You with me, sweetheart?"
“Ah. No.” Sherlock stands up, reaching with fumbling fingers for the stiff leather buttons of his waistcoat. He can’t get them undone, can’t even remember how buttons work - not with John standing there half naked, in nothing but a pair of cotton pants buttoned loosely at his hips, wavering shadows settling in all his curves and angles, making his jaw look more square, accentuating the hollow vee of his pubic bone.
.” John bends forward over the table and pulls Sherlock’s hands off his mug, tugs them toward him. Sherlock looks up, his eyes wide and worried. “I’m not apologising - though Christ knows you deserve one - but there
"Yes, I think we can be one hundred percent certain that's why he recruited you. To what end? I have theories, but..." Sherlock tilted his head back and forth, sucked his teeth. He sank heavy next to John, his long legs folding so their knees touched.
. I’m yours. I was yours, even then, and you should have trusted me.” John’s voice ragged and harsh. His fingers tightened in Sherlock’s hair.
Sherlock curled to his side, threw a leg over both of John’s, kissed his shoulder over and over. He picked up John’s leaden arm and thunked it over his waist, shimmied closer, until their bellies were pressed together. He nosed into John’s neck, kissed his chin. John hummed, unable to respond any more enthusiastically.
There's a beat of silence. Then Sherlock sighs resignedly. "I cannot force you, of course. Though I confess I'm not entirely sure what
With the revelation of Sherlock's profound need for John's praise and punishment, for John to take him in hand occasionally, to allow him to take care of John, they'd established something new. Sherlock took on most of the household responsibilities, bathed John, shaved him, dressed him; usually the act of doing so enough to soothe the unsettled feeling that always plagued him. John made the rules. John ruled Sherlock. Sherlock thrived on it, submissive and compliant, and generally more content than John remembered him ever being. John petted him and praised him, rewarded him with affection and presents, and occasionally corrected him when he stepped outside of the boundaries they'd established. He was still Sherlock, after all, and rules were often an afterthought.
John quickly rolled up his window and flipped on the defroster to keep the windows from fogging up. “You’re right, I am. You’re always making sure I’m fed and watered, eh, love?  It must be like being married to a plant, me. A grouchy plant.”
He lets it overtake him, the most intense orgasm he’s ever had, head going so light he almost feels nauseous, every limb quivering violently, white hot flames licking through his body, stomach muscles contracting so hard it hurts. John’s hand sliding up and down his thigh, twisting his head back to kiss his temple. His vision goes white for he’s not sure how long, his open mouth resting against John’s skin, hips still rocking shallowly against John’s arse until the shockwaves have finished coursing through him.
John caresses the side of his face, crooks one leg to the side. “That’s because it’s never been us.”
There are men much less foul, but they take searching for. And Sherlock’s starting to shake, feel weak. He
“I could have. At some point, I guess. But, I stayed with Jim until that became intolerable, and every day that passed not going home, it just became harder and harder to do so. And then, you know...I needed more and more, and somehow there was never enough money and...” Sherlock breathes in again, watches John for his reaction.
“Cairndow proper is that way,” John said through a mouthful of toast. He pointed northwest, toward where Sherlock had spotted the top of the kirk last night, though it was now made invisible by thick fog. “It’s really tiny. Like a few inns and the kirk and maybe like a few hundred houses. They don’t even have a school anymore. I remember it closing when Harry and I were kids.”
I wanted. I just wanted more of you, all the time. It was never enough. You had girlfriends and I hated them, because they had more of you. But I felt the same way about Harry, about your patients. They had some part of you I didn’t, and I wanted it. I needed - shit, I’m not making sense.”
All Sherlock can grunt is, “Fuck, yes, fuck,” his pleasure slithering hot across his nerves, drowning his brain in hormones. He’s dizzy and drunk with arousal - he’s been hard and wanting for the better part of forty minutes, and he really can’t hold on much longer.
"Oh god you're hopeless." John laughs and sits up again. He can't seem to stay still, excess energy making him tap his fingers all over the mattress and wriggle his hips, which are now settling on the backs of Sherlock's thighs, "You don't even know what band this is, do you?"
, his lisp is coming out, which it always does when he’s nervous. He tries to tuck his tongue down behind his teeth where it belongs.
“I have to just check his vitals, replace the catheter bag. How’d he sleep?” She checked John’s IV bag, slipped a pulse ox monitor on the index finger of his right hand.
"This. Us. I never thought we'd have this. Never thought you wanted to." Shit, he feels tears pricking at the backs of his eyes again, a sore spot rising in his throat. He buries his face in Sherlock's neck and tries to blink away the wetness at his eyelashes. His voice shakes when he says, "I love you so much."
“Okay?” Sherlock pulls back from the kiss to watch him, to watch his fingers sliding in and out of him, to watch his face contort and then relax with every stroke.
“You’re much more articulate in writing.” Sherlock absently circles John’s right nipple with his index finger, flexes his toes against John’s calf.
Now John stirs and snuffles, nose twitching to the side in an achingly familiar way that makes Sherlock's heart and lungs do funny things, like forget how to breathe and pump blood through his body.
- and Sherlock hitches his hips harder and his toes flex under John's legs even though Sherlock isn't hard anymore.
“Oh.” Sherlock says again, which is apparently the limits of his speech right now, which is fine by John.
bad.” Sherlock tips his head toward John’s mouth, strokes his thumb against the sliver of bare skin at John’s hip where his shirt’s come untucked.
The last months in London, he walked everywhere, took the tube. Course, even walking reminded him of Sherlock, that bloody coat smacking into his calf constantly, Sherlock’s elbow bumping his arm. Their hands sweeping past each other, a pinky curled briefly into a palm. The night sky above them, Sherlock’s long neck outstretched, his face tilted up, John smiling at him the way a person smiles at their first love. Pride in them just being alive.
A fluttering wave crests in in Sherlock’s stomach and stays there. Half nerves, terrified of what would happen to John if he really challenged Jim.
"John, I called Mrs Hudson last night. I think I nearly gave her a coronary initially, but she recovered quickly enough. She knows everything." Sherlock frowned. "Well, actually, she knows virtually nothing, because I can't really tell her anything about what happened to either of us while we were gone...but she knows I'm alive, and she knows we're together, and I told her that her boys were on their way home and could she please actually be the housekeeper for just the one day and tidy the flat and buy us some food. She readily agreed."
“Yes, generally. Or I used to.” Sherlock takes the money gently out of John’s fist. “I swear to you. No one will find it.”
John mouthed wet kisses over Sherlock’s neck, his stubble beautifully rough under Sherlock’s jaw as the kilt brushed devastatingly lightly against the soft hairs on his thighs. John laid his cheek against Sherlock’s chest as he opened the bottle of lube and tipped it out onto his fingers. Anticipation knotted low in Sherlock’s belly, his entire body quivering as John stroked the insides of his thighs and trailed his slick fingers along the crease of Sherlock’s arse. Sherlock let his legs fall open so the outsides of his thighs lay flush against the floor.
"Please Sherlock. Please. I need you so bad. Please, please..." John knew he was babbling, begging, but he couldn't be arsed to care. He was nothing but need, want, the ache for Sherlock's body against his, their blood and saliva and come mixing together, skin cells rubbing off on each other. He didn’t care about anything except
, the repercussions of that life are trailing icy cold fingers along the back of his neck, ready to strangle him at the slightest wrong move.
, Sherlock -- I don’t care how you look. I like how you look. It’s just. I’m afraid they would...take more notice of us. Maybe not let me...” John’s eyes, so tender, knows he’s hurt Sherlock’s feelings. Sherlock can see the apology all over his face. “We need this money. I just don’t want to fuck it up, okay? I’ll be right back.” He runs his hand down Sherlock’s forearm, thumb over the scabs. He doesn’t care. He doesn’t cringe. He doesn’t think Sherlock’s disgusting or pathetic. He’s getting this money out for them, for them, so they can have something better.
Sherlock hums happily. “I know. You say it all the time.” He reaches up with his left hand and splays his fingers against John's stomach, sinking forward into the press of John's mouth.
Sherlock’s only answer is a delicate little snore and his socked foot rubbing a slow rhythm against John’s calf. John leans his head back against the armrest, lazily stroking his fingers between Sherlock’s shoulder blades. As his hand stills and his mind drifts closer to sleep, he remembers dreamily the first time this happened, the first time he woke up with an armful of Sherlock. Just a few weeks after he’d been home, and he still hadn’t been entirely sure what Sherlock wanted, so he was careful, cautious, treating Sherlock a bit like a wild animal that could be easily spooked. That night had been quiet, no case on. They had eaten dinner separately, John having a sandwich while he worked at the computer, Sherlock scarfing cold curry as he watched Kitchen Nightmares. When John finally closed the laptop, he looked over to see Sherlock curled on the sofa, long arms wrapped round knobbly knees, curls tumbling across his forehead, mouth hanging open, and looking about nineteen years old. He was
“So, don’t pick up the package, then? Because I’m halfway to Fargo, and it’s snowing like fucking hell out here. So if I don’t have to keep driving there, I’d rather not.” A tractor trailer veered towards him, and John overcompensated, skidding onto the shoulder, hitting the warning tracks. He wrenched the steering wheel and the car slid back into the lane, fishtailing. “Fuck! Jesus fucking Christ.”
“Sherlock?” John tipped his head down, gave Sherlock that gentle nudging glance that he had so often at crime scenes when Sherlock was spiraling lost in his own deduction, and John needed to get him back on task.
“I don’t know. Let’s just finish our cigarette and then we’ll decide.” Sherlock smiles, hands John back the cigarette.
"A ghost with a terrible haircut." John laughs, more bitterly than he means to, and chugs the last of his beer. "Okay. What time?"
“Lester, was there anyone else here? Have I had any visitors besides you?” John’s voice sounded urgent and frantic to his own ears. he was terrified of the answer, either way.
“Mmmm. You’re awfully slow on the uptake for a detective. Are you sure you’re in the right line of work?” John rubs his knuckles over Sherlock’s sternum, rumpling his nightshirt.
“Not just yet.” The man leaned back and folded his hands in his lap. “I’ve done some research on you, Captain John H. Watson.”
The wedding was going to be breathtaking, of that John was certain. Sherlock had planned it all with his impeccable taste, elegance interwoven in his DNA. Honestly, though, the ceremony was redundant. Their love went so far beyond rings and promises made with mere words. Their real vows were to be made in blood, tonight. The submission of their bodies to the other, the trust of allowing the other to bleed him, hurt him, take what he wanted from the other. This was who they were, really, at their cores. They became more and more a singular entity the longer they were together, genuinely two halves of the same soul. John had never been a particularly spiritual man, Catholic guilt and habit notwithstanding,  but this bond between them was so sacred,  it made him want to kneel in a church and thank the universe, god, whatever, for giving him the one person who could have filled him up like this.
" John panted out, caressing Sherlock's jaw through the wool, "Where did you learn this, you dirty little thing?"
John hated how much he wanted that, how much he wanted Sherlock beside him, holding his hand in the cab, solid and warm.
When their mouths meet, Sherlock’s soft bottom lip nestled between both of John’s, their breath mingling warm between them, it’s like coming home. John can’t even be embarrassed about the soft moan the escapes him as he puts his fingers against the line of Sherlock’s jaw and pulls him closer. Sherlock smiles against John’s mouth, nudges their noses together before he pulls back.
There’s a beat of silence. A sharp intake of breath. “Well. It was about a year after...and I, um, was in the uh, drunk tank again. I’d gotten in a fight, and Greg picked me up, took me back to sleep it off., which had become rather a ritual between us. There was another bloke in there with me. Asked me a bunch of questions - nosy bugger. About how I got in there, what the fight was about, whether I won...we got to talking about my military experience somehow and then about my work with Sherlock - though I never once mentioned
a shit thing to say, but I don't know why I got so - I totally overreacted. Ignore me. I just need more beer, and I'll be fine. Just some more beer."
. But you’ve been afraid. Of yourself. Of what you’re capable of if we took it beyond the occasional spanking. I've never been afraid, just so you know. I know you'd never go too far.”
"I play this album literally all the time, Sherlock. You must have heard this song a hundred times."
Sherlock's reaction to the sudden name calling, whispered softly in his ear like an endearment, is extreme. He whines low down in his throat and his cock jumps, a bead of precome leaking out as his shifts his hips frantically. He manages to gasp out, "Please fuck me.
He pulls a wallet out of his back pocket, taking his hand off of Sherlock for the moment, and Sherlock has a flood of relief. This feels more difficult tonight than usual.
John did. He tongued into the second cut, the deeper one, tasting Sherlock’s blood freshly flowing into his mouth. He stroked himself harder, Sherlock whining against his back, clawing at his chest and thrusting into him. John’s entire body wound up like a spring, tighter and tighter, every nerve impulse coalescing into a scorching wave in his lower belly and his bollocks, until it crested and broke and he came so hard it hurt, in hot thick spurts across his belly, spilling down over his hand and onto their bent together thighs.
Something between them was off. Sherlock was surprisingly terrible about deducing issues between them, and John, for all his open affection, was painfully reticent when it came to discussing anything uncomfortable. So they’d both spent the better part of a month not saying anything at all about it, though Sherlock knew John had to feel it, too.
John laughed softly, his forehead falling to my shoulder. He kissed me there, and then licked at the sweat rolling down my neck. “You’re not. In fact, I’ve never seen you more alive. You’re
John laughed loudly, throwing his head back and guffawing in that way that still made Sherlock’s stomach do flips. Sherlock had a sudden overpowering urge to pick him up in both arms and kiss him breathless.
Owen slapped him on the back so hard that he lurched forward and spilled beer all over his hand and the bar. "Well, then you're all ours tonight, right? Our mad scoring fullback - how many tries tonight, John? Three? Fucking brilliant, mate!"
Sherlock doesn’t question why he said that, just rubs his hands all over John’s back and kisses him so deeply John can feel it in his toes.
The reality of being alone with John, even for a short ten minute walk, renders Sherlock immediately unable to swallow. He’ll have nothing to say. He doesn’t know John at all, really. All Sherlock’s interested in are books and classes and science, and he doesn’t have any idea what John is interested in, aside from Quidditch. His gaze sweeps over to where John’s standing in the middle of the pitch, his broom leaning against his chest. He’s gesturing up at the hoops and making complicated movements with his hands, surrounded by the rapt members of the Gryffindor team, their faces screwed up with concentration as he coaches them.
The sun was barely a pinpoint of weak light in the cream coloured sky as John and Sherlock picked their way through the dense ground cover in the forests surrounding the southwestern outskirts of Cairndow. The cold damp air seemed capable of penetrating skin and bone. Sherlock was shivering hard, despite their fast pace and the heavy duffel coat John had forced him to wear. He was feeling quite the pampered city weakling, longing only for a warm cab and a steaming takeaway cup cradled between his palms.
“Take one anyway. I’ll make it worth your while, I promise.” Sherlock traces the inner rim of his upper lip with his tongue, lets his eyes fall shut slowly. When he opens them, John’s staring at him with unabashed lust, his lips parted, breathing heavier.
“How did you know - ?“ Those fathomless eyes are boring into him with a mixture of curiosity and suspicion. He runs a delicate hand through his hair, making it stand up in soft little spikes and then crosses his toned arms over his chest with a sultry little smirk.
find out?" John's head falls back as Sherlock tongues over the fading bruise on his neck. "Yeah, keep doing that, that's - that's very good."
"Good." John picks up their entwined hands and kisses the honey off of them. "I never thought I'd be married to a farmer, you know."
immediately. They didn’t talk about it, didn’t need to. They simply slipped into each other’s empty places, and it
have a crush.” Sherlock tries to wrench his arm out of hers, but she tightens her grip and leans her head against his shoulder.
“Are we done, then?” John braces the camera, lens up, between the kettle and the white enamel lip of the hob, which sits slightly above the countertop.
"I've got you," John's hands, sweaty and slick, closed over Sherlock's left hand above his head. He twisted their fingers together and pressed back against the resistance of Sherlock's tensed arm as he began a gentle rhythm. "I've got you, love."
“Good. I just thought - after all this time - we should. Because you know. I am never leaving. Nothing could ever take me away from you, from this life we’ve made. And I just wanted you to be entirely certain of that.”
"Ooh, chavvy. You doing that on purpose? Or does it just come out when you can't remember to fake it?" Sherlock's voice cruelly light hearted, as if all this is a clever joke. As if John's anger is funny. So condescending it's cruel.
"You're not." Sherlock shakes his head, tousled ebony curls streaked with mahogany in the sunshine. John needs to know what they look like spread out on a pillow underneath him.
John is a small blonde thunderstorm, whipping into Sherlock’s life with a hard cleansing rain, thunder in his temper and lightning flashing in those hypnotic eyes. The world has shifted in less than twenty four hours, in ways Sherlock can't understand. “I don’t know what to
Sherlock looks at him from under his eyelashes, raises an eyebrow. "John. I know you. I'm not an idiot."
Unable to process these hopelessly sentimental thoughts, he closes his eyes against the curve of John’s neck and twists his fingers inside him. John moans wantonly, every muscle of his back flexing against Sherlock’s stomach. Sherlock brushes his fingers against John’s prostate, and John bucks up, slamming his palms flat against the counter. Sherlock stays with him, stroking him slow and deliberate, sucking lightly at the tendons in his neck as he writhes and whimpers.
The lights go lower as the music gets louder. Sherlock grinds his pelvis up against John’s hip, slides his hands up his arms and raises them over his head, shimmying against him. The beat’s drawing him in, still a little high from the heroin, and now a bit of alcohol. Sways around to John’s front, his back to John’s chest, gyrates his hips backward. John’s hands slide down his arms, over his tee shirt and onto the bare skin above his jeans. Sherlock clamps his hands on John’s arse, moves his hips back and forth.
The man’s mouth ticked up at the edge. His eyes were alight with amusement. “Alright, tiger. Settle down. I was just curious.”
that I might be lying. He’ll be high on being right, on having me where he wants me - grovelling at his feet. And then, he’ll, he’ll talk. He’ll slip. He’ll say something incriminating, and I’ll be wired, and he’ll be caught.”
Sherlock closed his eyes, leaned his head back against the rattling metal of the baggage car he was riding in. He was so far away from John. He couldn’t sense him anymore. At home, he could feel him, even across the city. Feel his solid presence, hear his exasperated sigh behind a text, feel his eyes searing into him from ten miles away. Even clear across London, from Croyden to Enfield...he knew John was there, his soul was omnipresent, always inside Sherlock, reminding him of his own conscience. Now? Nothing.
“Oh, God, John, fuck. Fuck, I’m - “ The rest of his sentence disappears into a shuddering groan as John’s tongue swirls around the head of his cock, pushing him right to the edge and keeping him there, shivering hotly and clutching desperately at the tops of John’s shoulders.
“Well. Then we’ll get it for you, and then we won’t have to worry about it later. Can we go there, to Jim’s,” John spits out the name with no small amount of disgust, which settles warmly into Sherlock’s gut, having John loathe Jim so entirely on his behalf, “this time of day?”
Molly smiles, bright and quick, and bites into her lip. She looks healthier and heavier than Sherlock’s ever seen her, her brown hair shiny and thick, piled in a messy bun on top of her head. She’s wearing olive green overalls and a pink cardigan, which look brand new, but her shoes are the same worn, grubby, cream coloured Converse she always wore. Somehow the sight of those shoes is almost more shocking than seeing her face.
Molly leans against Sherlock’s side and smiles and smiles, her natural ebulliency radiating out of her even more than Sherlock remembers. She envelops his hand in both of hers. “It’s the same stuff I signed, Sherlock. It’s good. They’ll protect you, watch out for you.”
Sherlock still can’t see it. It’s making him mental. He’s out of control. His brain hurts, his actual brain. He can feel his neurons, can feel his cerebral cortex thrumming with electricity.
"No." John pulls away further, looking angry now. "Fuck, no. How can you -- why are you saying that?"
He doesn’t realise he’s shut his eyes until a warm hand squeezes his knee and John’s voice murmurs low and gentle, right next to his ear.
Without taking his fingers from inside me, John deftly manouvered himself up and into the chair. His left knee slipped in beside mine and his chest pressed against my back. His mouth found the juncture of my shoulder and neck, and he kissed a messy trail up to my earlobe. He rocked against my arse, his own cock unbelievably hot and hard.
"Well. The case turned out to be much more complex than I'd anticipated when Lestrade phoned this morning.It seemed initially to be a simple domestic murder, but I realised immediately upon meeting the wife that she couldn’t have done it. It became even more intriguing when I discovered that the dead husband had a hidden drawer in his office desk…” Sherlock settled back against John’s calf, recounting every single detail of the case. Hands gesturing animatedly, talking so fast he occasionally forgot to breath.
A hot frission of electricity zinged down Sherlock’s spine, his cock twitching against his thigh, as John let out a long low groan and yanked at Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock looked up just in time to see John’s nearly agonised sob, his teeth buried in his bottom lip, his eyes rolled back, the beautiful curve of that muscular back arching off the bed. Immediately his mouth was filled with the heat of John’s release, and he shut his own eyes, swallowing around John’s pulsing cock.
