"For not telling me of course, you asshole," she snorted, flicking back a blond strand of hair and glaring at her cousin.
Jo whipped around to face Dean, eyes brightening with her smile. Though the look was slightly maniacal, at least she had terminated her glare. Just like her mother, the hard look in her eyes could set anyone crying. "How about throwing a Christmas party?"
There was a knock on Dean's bedroom door. He heard Sam's voice loud and clear through the wood. "Did you pick up Adam?" his brother asked, creaking open the door uninvited and sending a glare towards Dean. Dean returned it, rolling onto his stomach so that Sam wasn't walking on the ceiling. "How come you always forget Adam?" Sam crossed his arms and looked at his brother expectantly.
Blinking and finally ending the staring contest with the inanimate object, Castiel looked at his sister with a blush across his cheeks. "I'm just thinking."
A hint of a smirk curled Sam's lips. "But isn't 'Cassie' gonna be there?" he snorted, drawing a scowl from Dean.
"Is he always like that?" Anna asked, popping a bubble, her lazy gaze fixed on Dean. Cas didn't really like the way his sister was looking at the boy.
"Hey, Dean!" Sam called, waving at his brother as he jogged towards the Impala. Slung around his arm was his backpack, bouncing up and down as he moved. Even from that distance, Dean could already see the traces of s bruise forming. Those damn bullies-Dean would get them back.
"You look sort of out of it," the girl explained as he whirled around to face her. She was pretty, Cas guessed, but nothing about her was particularly striking. Her features were just...bland. He tried very hard not to compare them to Dean's sculpted face. (if had-which he totally hadn't, for the record-he would've been forced to admit that Dean had this girl beat). "I'm April. Are you new?"
"I'm still calling you Clarence," Meg decided, smirking and leaning back into her seat. For the rest of the bus ride, Cas felt uncomfortable. He could feel the girl's dark eyes trained on his, watching him like he was some sort of prey. He did not like this situation. Not one bit.
"You idiot," Dean scoffed, spinning to kick a locker. It very wasn't hard, but it sent a vibration through the light sheet metal. It also made a very loud bang! that he knew was audible from the other side of the hall where a teacher stood, scanning the halls for troublesome students.
"Hey, Castiel." It took him a moment to register the not particularly special features of the girl, and then match the face with a name.
Charlie waved a dismissive hand as she joined Dean in cleaning the dishes. "Whatever. Dean, what do you think of that new Novak kid? He seems dreamy," she winked.
"Technically, Lucifer was an angel, he's just fell," Cas offered a genuine smile. Even he knew his family was weird.
"I cannot 'hurry up', Gabriel is going much too slow," Castiel huffed, twisting to shoot a look at his younger sister, which she met head on. While walking backwards, he held the staring competition for a few moments, until Michael interjected.
Gah. Sam hated parties-even though this hadn't officially been a party, the number had exponentially increased-and he had piles of homework to do. At least the Novaks weren't too bad (even if one of them was the devil).
I'm not gay! half of his mind was running around screaming, while the other half was shouting sarcastically in response, Oh, sure, and you've been wanting to kiss that boy for days because you're just so straight.
A/N: Short, unedited chapter for y'all because I haven't updated in forEVER. Also it's like 3:30 here and you should check out [...]'s book of one shots.
The man's narrowed eyes flicked his way. Noting the still shuddering locker and the boy beside it, a sneer darkened his face. "Hey!" called the teacher, cutting across the hall through a throng of students. "You! To the principal's office, now!"
"Dean, where are you?" Sam shouted over the warbling and bass pumping in the background. "I can't see you anywhere. Did you go off somewhere to make out with Cas?" He asked, and Dean could hear the taunt in his voice.
Dean thought as he continued to card his fingers through the strands, gently feeling Cas’ scalp for any cuts or bumps.
Dean growled and delved in deeper giving Castiel exactly what he wanted, his sharp stubble scratching against his Omega’s thighs. The Alpha moaned when Castiel’s tight muscle clenched around his tongue before pulsing out slick, coating Dean’s mouth. The Alpha hummed his approval and lapped it up with fervor, getting lust drunk on the taste of his Omega. Dean’s cock hung hard and heavy between his legs, the flavor of his Omega making it pulse and drip precome on the bed as he languidly rolled his hips and rutted against the soft covers looking for some relief.
“D-Dean,” the Omega stumbled over his words as Dean pressed one finger slowly into his hole. “Oh, Alpha,” Castiel pushed back, taking Dean’s finger deeper into his body. The sensation felt amazing, so good he didn’t think it could get any better than this, then the Alpha crooked his finger and touched a spot in him that had his entire being lighting up. Slick rushed from him and his cock throbbed and spurted precome as Dean pressed that spot again. “Alpha, Alpha,” Castiel panted as Dean popped a second finger in, “can I touch you too?”
He wasn’t sure what kind of show he was supposed to be waiting for, but he wasn’t one to disobey a direct order. It felt nice, anyway, to be sitting in the grass, close enough to be able to see what was going on, but distanced enough that people were leaving him to himself.
“Would you like to?” Castiel queried as he gingerly closed the gap between them, sitting down beside Dean and leaning against the rock.
Ellen gave a short laugh, reaching over and punching her mate’s arm. She was quiet for a moment, looking down at her lap. “I was a little harsh, wasn’t I?”
“If you say so,” Castiel grumbled and forced his eyes back open, holding them comically wide for a moment before reaching up and rubbing at them. “That was a mistake,” he muttered, shaking his head and looking back at Dean, his eyes only slightly squinting as Dean lifted the light again. “Just make it quick. I don’t particularly like the bright like in my face.”
“It just takes practice.” The Omega reached up and patted his mate on the cheek. “I can teach you.” Cas picked up his plate and nodded to Dean’s plate, “I’m going to heat mine up in the microwave, do you want me to do the same with yours?”
Dean shrugged and shifted on the ground, reaching back to pull a small rock from underneath his butt and chucking it to the side. “That’s the thing with true mates… they don’t have to be
“I swear, if Cas knew how much food I fed his cat… he would probably kill me.” Dean shrugged and placed the plate of chicken between them all, grabbing the stack of plates Charlie had moved to the bench in order to lay across the table. Charlie pulled potato salad and three bean salad from the shopping bag she’d brought and plopped them down beside the chicken.
“Dean,” Benny and Andrea said in tandem, but Dean had spun around, nearly knocking himself off balance with the change in position. He saw the back end of Castiel as he fled the opposite side of the gym. Dean’s eyes widened and suddenly Mick Davies was standing inches from him.
“Yeah, I did,” Dean answered, pulling his eyes away and looking down at the ground. “And I didn’t mean to keep it from you, I swear to God, Cas. I just… please, let me explain.”
Dean paused for a moment then said, “And of course I want to mate you, if that’s what you want, too.” They smiled together as Castiel nodded, letting Dean know he did indeed want that. Dean reached for his hand again, holding it tightly. “So… pups, no wait, kits? They would be called kits, right?
Dean kicked at the carpet and drew his leg up onto the chair, hugging his knee to his chest and ignoring the bite of Lucifer’s scratch marks pressing into the denim. “You’re the last person I ever wanted to hurt, Cas. I loved you, I never-” Dean snapped his mouth shut, swallowing down the rest of his words.
“You got it, Hasselhoff!” Claire readily agreed with a huge grin before turning her attention back to her plate.
“Are we going to eat in the dining room or do we want to eat it on your deck?” Dean asked as he took a small sip of his wine.
“Betas, Omegas, Alphas… we’re all just people, and whatever the hell we have in our pants doesn’t mean anything in the real world. You weren’t going to
an angel. But he planned to go back in time and unsink the Titanic so the movie could never be made and therefore, that bloody awful Celine Dion song would never have been recorded.”
“Don’t want pie now.” Dean shook his head as he licked his lips and looked his Omega up and down like he wanted to eat him, and if he was being honest, he really did want a taste. “I have a
Dean shrugged, smiling sheepishly as he waved an arm out to the side. “I’m raking,” he answered, grinning wide as Castiel rolled his eyes at the smart ass remark. He glanced around and saw the cat had disappeared. “Uh, I also may have buried your cat in one of the piles…” he said as his eyes scanned both of their yards.
“Dean.” The Alpha turned when he heard his mate's voice and felt Cas’ fingers curl around his wrist. He looked up and met his Omega’s eyes just as he spoke again. “I think I know where to start.”
“That was Sam and Eileen,” Jack furrowed his brows. “Remember? You were the one who told them to put them there.”
“Do you regret it?” The Omega questioned, his eyes not leaving the shell that now rested in his lap.
. All thoughts of pie disappeared from his mind as a smile spread across his lips, “I love this movie.”
it’s mate was out there and didn’t want me. Pain is being rushed to the hospital half dead and still fighting the doctors when they told me I
As soon as Grayson was out of his sight he turned to the booth where he knew Dean, Sam and Ketch were and gave them a nod, signaling he was getting ready to be on the move. Castiel sat and waited, breathing in and out to calm his racing heart. He’d been on many hunts before, but the adrenaline rush was just something he’d yet learned to control, and by what Dean had confessed one drunken night, you never do.
Cas rested their foreheads together and whispered back, “Merry Christmas, my Alpha. My perfect mate. I love you too.”
Castiel walked over to the array of flowers and began to pick some of each, careful not to squash them as he gathered them in his hands. When he had what he had deemed was enough to finish his crown, he joined Dean and moved to sit back down. The Alpha reached out took his arm halting his movement and shook his head.
“Well,” Sam shut the lid of his laptop, eyes flashing to each of them as he spoke, “I think two of us should go question the friends and family that saw the vics last, see if any of them knew if the vics had plans, or if they had recently started dating someone new.” Sam tapped the file folder on the table. “The other two should go to the morgue, check out the bodies, see if there are any clues the M.E. may have missed. Something as simple as residue under the fingernails could help us trace their last whereabouts.”
“Surprise me,” Dean licked his lips as he said a silent prayer to any deity that was listening that he didn’t get food poisoning from his mate’s cookies.
“I’m all packed.” Lucifer nodded towards his suitcase, effectively avoiding the real answer to that question.
“You are not meant to be here!” A shrill feminine voice called out from behind them. Dean and Castiel both flinched, startled by the new presence.
“Take it away, Dean-o!” Gabe gestured to Dean with a flourished movement. “You are better at engaging the civilians.”
something. The Alpha checked the timer on the pie - it still had forty-five minutes to go - he headed into the living room and flopped down on the couch. If he was going to be asked a favor, he wanted to be comfortable.
“Fine,” Cas grumbled as he dug into his small zipped leather pouch attached to his black belt and pulled out the keys before dropping them into Dean’s hand.
Neither Crowley or his son heard or saw the former human enter the caves. They were too caught up in their own plan and were too confident in their own prowess to imagine anyone coming for Castiel, much less a magiced merman. Dean heard them taunting his Omega and it stoked his fire and resolve.
Dean walked into the kitchen to check on their dinner and Cas followed, taking the opportunity to peruse while Dean stirred the chili. It had an island in the center with black and white quartz countertops and state of the art stainless steel appliances, which by the looks of it had been recently installed. He now had a better view of the dining room which housed a honey oak colored rectangular table that seated six, and a small chandelier hung above the center of the table. It was simple and homey.
“Hmm?” Dean furrowed his brows; he’d been so lost in contemplation he hadn’t heard a word his brother said.
“Okay,” Dean nodded. He waved goodbye to Becky and the kids as he continued talking. “As cool as this is, I wanna check out the fifth floor before we have to find the group, and before they realize we’re missing.”
“Holy shit,” Dean wheezed as he doubled over and placed his hands on his knees gulping in air. “That’s a lot of stairs.”
“We’re staying, too,” Sam nodded as Eileen passed him his coat before putting on hers. He followed suit and then collected Eileen and his gifts, “Eileen and I are to the right of you.”
Dean paused and looked up at her, seeing the cat do the same out of the corner of his eye. He glanced down at the cat and shrugged, both of them turning back to their dinner. “Doesn’t feel right,” Dean answered honestly. “Plus, half the time he’s over here, it's not during the hours Cas set, so it wouldn’t be valid anyways.”
Crowley looked at the ceiling in thought before shrugging. “Oh well, worth it, best prank I’ve pulled in centuries.” The king let out a nostalgic sigh as he crunched down on the Necco wafer.
“Dean Winchester,” she sighed and shook her head, “Cas or any other Omega, Beta, or Alpha would be lucky as hell to have you. You are smart, funny, kind and caring. So stop selling yourself short.” She stabbed a piece of chicken with her fork. “As your best friend I command it.”
“Yeah,” Ketch agreed as he took a drink of his bourbon, his eyes scanning the club for potential suspects. “You gents notice anybody we should keep an eye on?”
“No,” Castiel replied as he smacked Gabriel’s hand away and stepped back from his brother’s reach. “Nothing happened. No marking, no mating,
Winter Soldier, Cas.” The Alpha grabbed his shield off the bed with a smirk and held it waist level. “I’m gonna have to walk around like this all night so no one can tell how fuckin’ aroused I am.”
“Then take me, Dean.” Cas dipped down and kissed along his mate’s jaw line. “I’m yours. All yours, Alpha.”
“No,” Dean shook his head. “His heat is starting, he told me he would come back here and wait for me. And look,” Dean pointed down to the scattered shells.
“How about never, Winchester?” Mick fired back, voice snapping and causing both Dean and Castiel to flinch. “He told you to leave.”
Hey just wanted to give a heads up there is Descriptive mentions of murder in this chapter that’s case related.
“Not quite,” Dean snorted into his mug as he side eyed Castiel with a smirk and mumbled, “but we did spend the night in a cave.”
Before Castiel could answer, Gabriel came sauntering over with a tray filled with food and drinks in his hands. He placed a plate in front of each of them. The burgers were huge and smelled of garlic butter, each paired with a mouthwatering pile of fries. Beside each plate he set a large vanilla malt with a mountain of whipped cream and a cherry on top.
Dean threw the covers back and swung his legs out over the side, padding barefoot over to the door and opening it up. The hallway was dark, too, and he could only make out who it was by his scent.
They nodded together and Ellen glanced up at Bobby. “Okay, Sam and Dean are taking your things to your room, then they’re going to wash up and come down for dinner. Jo is getting drinks for everyone, she’s going to wash up and then join us, too. Can you boys follow me? I’ll show you to the bathroom where you can wash your hands, then we’ll go to the table. I can give you the tour of the house after we eat and things calm down, okay?”
Instead, he prayed. He prayed for their Father, Metatron, for the Apostles, for their brothers and sisters, and he prayed for God to give him strength.
Dean groaned as Castiel pressed down against his tongue, his hole tight and hot. Dean reached a hand between them, pressing a finger in along with his tongue. He was rewarded with a fresh wave of slick and Castiel crying out above him.
“Ready to do this?” Dean asked as he pulled his Impala into an empty parking spot close to the front of the building and turned off the ignition. Sheer excitement poured off the Alpha as he smiled over at his mate, and Castiel couldn’t help but to smile back.
Gabriel nodded and they both fell quiet, each lost in their own thoughts. Their calm reflections were shattered when the evening bells chimed throughout Atlantis. Gabriel gave Castiel a small smile before swimming over to join him on the bench. “C’mon, little bro, it’ll be dark soon. It’s almost time.”
Dean’s laugher and good mood was contagious. Castiel joined in laughing along with the Alpha as he led them toward the garden. As they got closer Dean halted their movements.
“I would’ve lit the candle but,” he shrugged, “I figured the cafeteria monitor would flip. Apparently fire in school is frowned upon… who knew?”
“Yeah.” Dean brought Castiel’s hand up to his lips and placed a soft kiss on the back of it. “Definitely to thank her.”
His family had loved Atlantis and were welcomed like royalty. Sam fell in love with the Atlantian library and spent many hours in there devouring the books. Jess spent most her time roaming around the city and chatting up the Merfolk and learning how to barter. Bobby, he became enthralled with their culture and way of life. Triton spent a fair amount of time with him explaining their history, heritage, and the laws of Atlantis.
Jo scrunched up her nose at the suggestion but sighed. “Yeah, I guess so,” she muttered and grabbed the pail. “We can dump these into the glass bowl in the dining room and wash our hands. If we try to wash our hands in the kitchen where Mom’s cooking? She’ll probably kill us.”
“Yes.” Castiel nodded, amused. This wasn’t the first time the Omega had gotten that reaction when he told someone that he and Gabriel were siblings. Though Dean didn’t say it, Castiel and Gabriel couldn’t be more different.
“Fuck you, jerk!” Sam called out to his brother’s retreating form as Gabe’s laughter filled the night.
“Me?” Dean blinked into the darkness, letting his eyes adjust. He could just barely make out his younger brother’s features in the darkened room, but the look of concern was clear on Sam’s face. “Why the heck are you worried about me?”
With Dean’s help, they settled on the third model, and Dean was gifted it as Castiel cleaned up the rest of his materials. Dean looked over at the far end of the fence where he had the feeder hanging proudly, a chickadee now perched on the popsicle stick and eating seeds.
“Gods! Yes,” Dean groaned as he pulled his fingers free from his Omega’s body and used the excess slick to coat his throbbing cock. “Gonna make you all mine,” The Alpha rumbled as he positioned his erection at his mate’s slick hole.
“It’s kind of cute actually.” Bobby huffed a laugh as he laid his head against his mate’s. “Castiel was upset Dean didn’t kiss him at midnight. He couldn’t sleep because he couldn’t stop thinking about it so he went to Dean’s room to ask him why he didn’t get a New Year’s kiss.”
“You alright, Sammy?” Dean asked as he flopped down on the edge of his bed beside his mate. “You look like you got even less sleep than we did.”
“Tastes even better,” Castiel replied as he sat the basket of cheesy garlic bread and a bowl of caesar salad on each side of the lasagna. “My grandma Naomi was a wonderful cook. In fact -” He grinned at Dean as he turned to go get their glasses of wine and the rest of the bottle. The Omega called over his shoulder, “I have her recipe for tiramisu setting up in the fridge for dessert.”
“You’re still a douche,” Dean stated, no heat behind his words as he smiled back just as genuine, and held out his hand. “But I guess you’re alright, you did have Cas’ back on all those hunts. And,” Dean rolled his eyes with an over the top sigh, “per my mate’s insistence, you’re now family. And Family don’t end in blood.”
Gabriel grinned over at him as he pushed the gate open, an ominous creek sounding far too loud in the quiet of the night, ringing like a doorbell for the dead.
Dean pulled back slightly once his jeans had grown uncomfortably tight and his inner Alpha began to demand more. His breath was coming out in hard pants as he looked down at Cas. The Omega looked debauched and lust drunk, his lips kiss swollen, eyes hooded, and cheeks stained crimson. Dean nuzzled at his scarf, breathing in deep, taking in the scent of aroused Omega.
“We’re adults, Cas,” Dean wrinkled his nose and shook his head. “We’re too old to play in the snow.”
“I promise,” Castiel swore to her before he pulled back and shifted to face his father who was talking to Dean.
“I have my ways,” Dean purred seductively as he began to untie the string on Castiel’s pajama bottoms.
“I love you, Bobby Singer,” Ellen replied with a sigh, leaning forward and meeting her mate’s lips for a kiss. “Thank you for being my partner in all this. I couldn’t ask for a better Alpha.”
“Mh-hm,” Cas nodded as he hung the dish towel on the oven handle to dry. “Told you it wouldn’t take long if we worked together.
“You know just how I like it.” Dean’s lips curled in a feral grin. “Now be a good little alpha and fuck your omega hard and rough, make me scream so loud I wake the dead.”
“That’s what I thought it was too,” Dr. Hudson added as he clicked off the blacklight and ambled over to turn the light back on. “Not sure what it means, but it's the one thing that connects all six of these omegas. I'm no cop, but,” he shrugged, “I think if you find the significance behind the dragon mark you’d likely find a clue that points to your killer.”
Castiel glanced over at Lucifer who was staring back at him with a pained expression and Castiel shook his head before shoving back. “I hope I can be excused?”
Dean picked up the remote and started flipping through the channels, pausing and looking over at his mate when he heard him gasp. Cas looked at him with big eyes as he pointed to the TV.
“Yeah, sorry, got sidetracked.” Castiel shook his head and stuffed his hands in his pockets to warm them. “Heliotherapy was used in the treatment of tuberculosis of the glands, bones, joints, skin, and eyes, even the peritoneum. Sunbathing, it was thought, would help kill the bacteria that caused TB.”
Castiel knew that he, too, couldn’t dwell on the past, despite what he had said earlier. He’d forgiven Dean already. They’d been young and Dean had made a stupid mistake, and Cas knew in his heart he would trust his Alpha again. He would never forget--
The Siren swam fast and frantically, following the current as he dove deeper, hoping it wouldn’t be to late when he finally found his Alpha. Out of the corner of his eye he saw a hand stretching upwards. Castiel immediately descended, reaching out he grasped his mate’s hand in his and pulled him up. The Siren he clutched the Alpha’s wrist and felt the dull slow thud of the human’s heartbeat. Castiel looked skyward, he was no longer able to see the surface layer, they were too deep. There was no way he could swim fast enough that he’d be able to make it back to surface before his Alpha perished. The Siren’s heart ached at the thought of watching his true mate die before his eyes, even more so knowing it was his fault.
“Dean,” Castiel nuzzled the mating mark on his alpha’s neck, mumbling against his sweat soaked skin, “I was scared you wanted to be rid of me. That even if I said I just liked him as a friend you’d have,” Castiel’s voice quivered as he continued, “told me I should give it a go with him, or stay with him instead of going back to the bunker. I was terrified to answer. I figured since I was no longer an angel and I didn’t have all the abilities that came with it that you had started to see me as more of a burden than a comrade, so I just ignored the question.”
“On it,” Dean replied as he turned on the oven and slid the tray on the counter by the dough, bumping Cas’ hip with his as he picked up the candy cane cutter. “C’mon
“Finn.” Castiel smiled and shifted on the window bench as he motioned for the pup to come to him. A happy bark sounded loudly as the sea lion quickly swam over and joined Castiel, laying his head in the Siren’s lap. Castiel ran his fingers through the short thick fur down the slope of his back. “Have you been getting up to no good this evening? Have you been messing about in Gabriel’s room,
Dean rolled his eyes and glanced over at Castiel. “I think you’re delusional,” Dean muttered, stabbing his pile of pancakes with his fork.
“Thank you,” Cas smiled as he took his seat, “everything looks delicious.” He shifted in his seat and reached over, taking Dean’s hand in his. “Thank you so very much for inviting me to spend Christmas with you.”
“Bossy,” Dean growled and nipped at his mate’s ass cheek before pressing Cas down onto his stomach, spreading his legs wider as he continued to hold the panties to the side and wiggled his tongue back into his Omega’s hole, scooping out more of his mate’s essence.
“Fuck you, Dean-O,” Gabriel quipped back playfully. “I had an important test to study for so I’m running on two hours of sleep and fifty mini chocolate bars.”
Dean nodded as he followed Castiel. He could see the tension in the set of his mate’s shoulders. He could smell worry and apprehension rolling off of him. Dean couldn’t help but to shake his head slightly, didn’t his mate already know that this would be the easiest choice Dean had made in his life. He had no reservations, no fears, sure he would miss his family, but he knew if he left Cas, he would never be the same. He would always have a hole in his chest where his heart once was.
“What is it?” Castiel muttered as he leaned down to get a closer look at the mark. “Dean.” He looked up at the alpha.
“Earth to Cas,” Dean singsonged. The Alpha smiled when Castiel muttered an apology and moved from the window. He skipped the middle one, knowing Dean would have told him if there was anything worth seeing. “So,” Dean rubbed the thick layer of dust from the last window with his forearm. The Alpha has to swallow a laugh at the look of sheer horror on Castiel’s face as he knocked the grime from his sweater. Dean leaned forward and peeped in the window as he continued, “You gonna finish telling me how sun helped Tuberculosis?”
Dean frowned as moved to pocket the coin, realizing that his skin tight costume didn’t have traditional pockets. “Dude, these costumes suck! There’s no regular pockets.” He paused and looked between the rest of his team. “The one on my utility belt and Cas’ are too small to carry all these coins, and you two,” he pointed to Sam and the Archangel, “your costumes don’t have pockets either. Where the hell are we gonna store these coins?”
Dean winced and clenched his fists at his side, his Alpha whining inside at the anger directed at him. He needed to fix this, his entire
Tupperware and Keurig are registered trademarks of Tupperware Brands Corporation and Keurig Dr Pepper Inc.
“Don’t know,” Dean shrugged as he nodded to Castiel’s nestside table where the vial Rowena gave them to cover the other’s scent lay. “Should we put that on?”
Before they knew it though, the two weeks were up, and Sam, Jess, and Bobby had to get back to the states, back to their lives. Dean and Castiel accompanied them when they left Atlantis and a few days after Dean’s family caught a plane home, the mates were planning their first romantic trip of many.
“Yours, Alpha! All yours!” Castiel cried out as he met Dean’s red eyes. “Knot me, Alpha. I want to feel you swell inside me.”
“You look like you rolled out of a cheesy 70’s sex tape.” Castiel scrunched up his nose. “Pornstache and all.”
“Fuck yeah you are,” Dean growled as he gripped his cock with his slick soaked hand and smeared his mate’s juices along his hard length. The Alpha positioned the head of his swollen cock against Cas’ rim, popping past the tight ring of muscles and sinking all the way in. Dean slowly pulled out to the tip before gripping the Omega‘s hips tighter and pushing back in just as slow. His head lolled forward at the feel of wet heat surrounding him, moaning as the Omega‘s inner muscles clenched around his length.
“I was just saying that once Ketch and I get settled in we will come over to your room since you guys have more sitting space. That is, if it's okay with you.” Castiel tilted his head to the side as he studied Dean. “Your scent again, it smells like… well I can’t quite pinpoint the emotion. Are you really sure you’re alright?”
Castiel tried very hard not to shift in his seat, tried hard to smile and nod at the crowd as the clapping and shouts of congratulations grew louder. But he didn’t deserve this, he had failed his Rite, he had let his father, and the fellow Sirens of Atlantis down by choosing the one land Alpha there was no way he could kill. The Omega didn’t have long to wallow in self-pity before his father was raising his hand and quieting the crowd once again.
Taking pity on his mate, Dean placed his hand on Cas’ shoulder. “C’mon, let me give you a tour of the house before we eat.”
“Juliet, Romeo! Wrong bloody-” Crowley cleared his throat as he rounded the corner and saw Dean standing there, arms crossed over his chest blocking the dogs from going further. “Hello again, Winchester. Told you I’d be back.”
“We always have a lot of people over for the fourth,” Jo said in explanation when Lucifer stood beside her, his eyes wide as he stared down at the two heads of lettuce and assorted vegetables she pulled out. “I think last year, we had almost twenty people here.”
“You smell happy.” Dean hummed as he lapped at the fresh mating mark and nuzzled his Mate’s throat. “Are you glad you chose to free fall for me?”
William Stapleton wore denim overalls and a long sleeved shirt underneath. Dark patches, nearly black, covered his his clothes and a shiver ran through Dean when he realized it was stains from his family’s blood. The man’s skin was sallow, his grey eyes sunken, and a deep braided cord laceration twined around his neck.
“Wow,” Grayson snorted, “you’re under deep, aren't you? Good.” The incubus reached over and ran his thumb across Castiel’s plump bottom lip. “It just makes things so much easier.”
“Yeah,” Dean smirked at his mate, “we’d come now but we’re a bit tied up.” The Omega tightened his muscles, drawing another groan and orgasm from Castiel.
“You don’t have to continue,” Sam spoke softly, his heart aching for the ghost as he sat the shotgun on the table at his side.
“The Stapleton house. It’s the only mentioned haunted house in the area,” the angel stated in a matter-of-factly tone. “William Stapleton built the house in 1901, he killed his whole family with an axe in the basement where he hung himself after. That happened in 1909.” He thrust the phone into Dean’s hand. “It was rumored as haunted in 1910 when the next family who lived there reported seeing a ghostly man crying as he walked from room to room, calling out for his family, and carrying a dripping axe. They moved out within a week of purchasing it and no one has lived there since.”
Dean swallowed hard, his heart pounding in his chest once again for an entirely different reason. “I, uh… what feeling would that be?” Dean whispered, somewhat glad that “I would totally kiss you” didn’t come tumbling out of his mouth instead.
With all those thoughts of Castiel’s perfection swirling around in Dean’s mind the soft gentle kiss quickly turned deep and heated. Dean dipped his tongue out and ran it along Castiel’s plump bottom lip, nipping at it, asserting his dominance, asking his mate to open for him. The Omega’s root primitive urges kicked in and he parted his lips with a satisfied trill.
“Alright.” Eric rose from the bench and held out his hand to help up his mate. “What are you guys going to do now?”
Dean was immediately hit with how cozy the ranch was. He’d seen it a few years back when he’d helped the Larson’s clean it out after their mom needed to go into assisted living, and while it hadn’t been in
“Come,” Jo demanded, opening Lucifer’s door and waving her hand once before turning away and heading back down the stairs. Lucifer had been wrapped up in his blanket on the bed reading, but she knew that he would be following. She went into the living room and grabbed the blanket from the back of the couch, then met him at the bottom of the stairs.
the one that gets to risk seeing my little brother in compromising positions, and smelling the results of him and his Alpha doing the horizontal tango.”
“Right,” Castiel shook his head, clearing the fog from his brain at having his Alpha in such close proximity. “When I caught your scent and knew you were mine, I looked back out at the waters and you were gone, the current had dragged you under. I was frantic,” he shuddered, remembering the fear that had coursed through his veins. “I took a deep breath, dove from the rock, and started searching for you. When I found you, you were, your heartbeat was so weak. I-” Castiel’s breath hitched and he could feel tears welling up in his eyes at the mere thought of how close he had come to losing Dean.
“I’ve got an idea,” Rowena grinned as she sat up and reached for her clutch. Dean watched as she dug through it, brows furrowed, and on a mission. “Ah-hah!” She crowed as she pulled out a thin bright green braided strip of seaweed and a small silver hand push drill. “No sense in letting all that hard work and those pretty shells go to waste.” She handed him the seaweed and tool with a smirk.
The Alpha leaned forward closing the gap between them and placed a chaste, gentle kiss to his Omega’s plush lips. “As much as I hate to, I’d better get going.”
“Dean,” Castiel whispered, his tone filled with fear as his eyes widened and the color drained from his face. “Dean,” he repeated louder this time as he raised his free hand and pointed towards the ‘doll’.
Triton gave Dean a curt nod before he spoke. “Which only confirms the decision I came to last night was the correct one.”
The Omega gasped and flinched when he felt warm knuckles grazing up his spine. He turned to his right to see his Alpha standing there. “Dean,” the Omega gave him a small smile, “what are you still doing here? You should go with Gabriel. I will find you after I explain everything to my father.”
witches, tonight would be the night they’d catch them. You see, the veil between the physical world and the spirit realm would be at its thinnest. Coupled with the mystical powers of full blue moon,” he glanced up at the sky, “much like tonight, the witches would be unable to pass up the opportunity to worship their Lord Satan.
Dean snorted and Castiel shot him a glare before looking back to Rowena and continuing. “Well, yes, but I didn’t.”
“What?” Dean asked, sitting up and turning his body to face Castiel. “I said you smell good… why on earth would you think I was calling you broken?” Dean asked, confused as he stared at the Omega beside him.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas muttered as the toe of his shoe kicked at the small pile of gravel. “Bobby is getting ready to start.”
Castiel thought of Dean and forced himself to blush. “Thank you,” Castiel replied as he plucked the cherry from his drink, giving it a kitten lick before popping it in his mouth. “These are sooo good. Mmmm,” the omega hummed.
“Yes.” Lucifer huffed a small laugh. “Although I refused to try Sam’s science books, Jo convinced me to try Harry Potter. I’m enjoying them very much. I even like when after I finish one, Jo drags me off to the porch swing where we discuss our favorite parts of the book. She can talk for hours about the plot, asking me questions about what I think is going to happen to the characters in the next book, if I think specific characters are inherently good or evil. She even listens with rapt attention when I compare the character’s stories to lessons we’ve learned from His teachings. She finds it fascinating, actually... ”
Slick gushed from the Omega as he picked up his pace, his sweet aroma amping up the Alpha’s arousal, and Dean could feel his knot begin to swell with the need to claim. “Fuck, Cas,” he moaned as his blossoming knot popped in and out with a wet squelch.
The first thing Dean noticed when he pulled into the motel parking lot was Ketch’s Trans Am. “Looks like they’re back,” Dean stated the obvious as he and Cas got out of the car.
“Okay,” Sam nodded and ripped into the envelope, pulling out a piece of paper. “The first clue is...” He unfolded it and began to read.
“Okay.” Sam nodded and tossed his fire poker over by Dean’s. “That,” he pointed back towards the house, “was a ghost. And we,” he signaled to himself, Dean, Cas and Gabe, “are hunters. We take care of ghosts and other things.”
Ellen sighed, rolling her shoulders as she sat back against the headboard, wiggling into the pillow before looking over at Bobby. “John taught that boy a killer right hook…” Bobby chuckled and Ellen hit his arm. “It’s not funny! He could’ve seriously hurt Luc. Hell, if Luc had tried to fight back…”
If John actually came around in three weeks, it would be a miracle. Their dad had dropped them off the summer before, had come to visit just after Dean’s 16th birthday, and they hadn’t heard his voice on the phone since the end of March. Dean stored the resentment sinking deep in his stomach, and swiped the message away, opening up the internet instead.
Dean waved his hand, waiting for her to look at the screen. The screech was answer enough. “Told you so, Red,” Dean said and held out his hand.
“Sorry, I… I’ll help you bring those down,” he said as he pushed off of the bed and reached for the tray.
“Months after their first meeting he gave the omega a ring, a ring he had made from his magicks. The omega was ecstatic, he happily accepted the beautiful ring and all the promises of forever that came with it. But,” Dean blew out a deep breath, “there was no happily ever after in their future. You see, the omega had no idea the alpha he’d fallen so deeply in love with was a warlock.”
"What do you think?" Sam nods, reaching up to brush her hair. His fingers get tangled in her blonde mass of curls. "Crap."
Something is breaking in Castiel. His shaking becomes more violent, and a loud, wet sob erupts. Dean peppers kisses up the side of Cas’ head. He holds Castiel tighter.
Jo waves to Dean and Cas, and Ash gives Dean a fist-bump before heading down the hall. Dean bumps Cas' shoulder, and walks with him.
The snow crunches heavier under their boots on the way back, cold hitting Cas' ankles and melting on contact with his skin. His nose is stuffed, and he has to keep sniffling every minute or so. He wraps his coat up tighter. The snow is deep enough for them to leave footprints, telling a story that will soon be erased by the storm.
“Yes. Okay.” Castiel says. He takes a long, slow drink of water. His head clears a good bit. “Mother?” He says as she starts to leave.
”Really? Yeah, we’ve spent a few summers with him.” Dean is glad the candles on the table are short, he can look over them and right at Cas. The orange light flickers across his face, which the color is warming back into. Cas smiles. Dean feels warm.
“You hungry?” He says, yanking open the fridge, squinting in the light,“I could go for pizza. A big ol’ meat lovers.”
”Dean, we are going on a date.” It is not a question. Cas lets it hang in the air. Slowly, barely, Dean nods. “On Friday. I will be there at seven and you will wear something nice.”
"They don't call him Ice Burgh for nothing." Sam mutters to his friend as they head out the back door.
Thankfully, morning arrives quickly, greeting Cas with a violent wind that rattles the windows. He stares hard out the windows in the front room, but all the snow makes catching the sunrise impossible. The window is frozen shut, a few ice crystals making frost patterns on the glass. Cas heads back into the kitchen after a minute, surprised to see Sam creeping in. He's still in his clothes from the night before, his glasses nowhere to be seen.
staring at him when he opens the bag. Cracking open the worn cover, he takes his pen out and clicks it three times before writing his name on the title page. He runs his thumb down the flimsy page. It crinkles under his touch. Across the field, a small gaggle of kids are making their way over to the shop building.
It doesn’t take long after that, with Dean working Cas’ dick with his hands and his mouth. God, his mouth, Castiel never dreamed Dean’s mouth could feel that good around his cock, humming and sucking and fucking. Dean is beautiful, through Cas’ rolling eyes, cheeks hollow around him, and Castiel is coming, floating off the bed and away from the lamplight, bucking into Dean’s throat.
"I didn't realize I was such an inconvenience." Dean fakes a sniff. Sam says nothing else. The game carries on.
“I love it. The writing is beautiful.” He replies. Dean flips through his copy of the book, scanning the page for what Castiel hopes is something to say.
"She was mad at me because I didn't do well on that math test, she keeps saying I'm not going to get into Yale now. Claims she 'wants me to have the best future', like, she knows I'm fourteen, right?" Kevin complains, fishing a bag of pretzels out of his backpack.
"C'mon," she says, glancing over to where Dean's standing. "Let's go somewhere else." It's an innocent enough sentence, but it along with the weight of Jess' hand in his, sends a jolt down Sam's spine. Dean gives him a hearty thumbs up as they pass him; Sam uses his free hand to flip Dean the bird.
Dean’s phone buzzes beside him. He has exactly thirty-three unread messages from Cas. He figures now is as good a time as any to read them.
”Yeah, he would.” Dean says, thinking for a moment. “I dunno, I guess it’s never been that important to me.” He smiles again; Cas never wants him to stop smiling. The feeling hits Cas in a very real way.
Castiel strolls over to the sitting room, unfortunately named as neither him nor his mother ever actually sit in it. The shades on the windows are rolled up, letting whatever light there is left outside to stream in. An old rocking chair and a hideously floral armchair sit across from one another in the center of the room, separated by a small table. There's a chess board set up on the table, none of the pieces yet moved.
The whole ride down the highway, Dean's mind cycles between Sammy and trying-not-to-think-about-Sammy. Guns N' Roses is turned up as high as the old radio will let it. Twice, Dean nearly runs a red light. It isn't until he turns onto Main Street that he realizes he's going fifteen over his usual speed. To his surprise, Sam is already waiting on the front steps when he gets to the school ten minutes early. Dean turns down the music a few notches as Sam slides into his seat.
“Yes,” She says. Adra touches her rosary bracelet, then the ink pinned inside her skin. She wets her lips, “Dean,” She says after a moment, closing her eyes, “I found something of Castiel’s that he wanted you to have.” Dean’s heart leaps to his throat. Adra’s not holding anything, nor is there anything on the table besides their dinner and a medicine cap.
“Oh, I almost forgot, I have food he likes and uh, some other stuff in the car. I’ll be right back.” He goes out and comes back in with Gabe’s food bag, and a blue collar with a jangling bell. He sets them on the island. Adra watches him put them down.
“Alright, alright. What about a dragon? They have those in the geek books you read, right?” Dean jests. His brother glares at him, but his pencil makes a few light strokes over the page. He squints and leans closer to the paper to get more detail, his tongue sticking out from between his teeth.
“Naw, we got off shift early so we walked over,” she explains. Sam nods. They say their goodbyes and then the brothers are left alone. There's a pause, then Gabriel meows from his cat bed. Dean rubs his eyes that are just beginning to sting.
"I know that, sweetheart. I meant what do you like? Sam says you're an artist, but I know that ain't all." Ellen's got her mom voice. Dean's been around her long enough to know what she's doing. But while Jess is thinking on an answer, the arguing starts.
”Oh.” Cas echoes. He opens his eyes again. Dean is biting his lip, one hand resting beside Castiel’s hip.
Cas has been shirtless in front of people before. All things considered, it is nearly impossible for him not to have been. But there's something different about this, about the way Dean is looking at him.
The old radio on Castiel's desk crackles out a weather report every ten minutes exactly. It's taken Castiel four weather reports to choose his clothes out, fold them, and then nervously put them back in the wardrobe.
”Damn it.” He curses out loud. “It’s just Cas,” he tries to tell himself. He makes a face in the mirror.
"Well I hope you ain't full, 'cause there's more on the way. And it's Bobby here, Jess." Bobby says, his chair scraping across the floor when he stands. He grabs John's empty beer can on the way back to the kitchen and tosses it in the trash. John gets up and follows Bobby. Dean's stomach churns, and it's not from the soup.
Something slick and hard slides against Dean’s hip: the person’s dick, pulsing. Dean’s mouth waters. He’s able to move his hands, so he runs them over the other man’s hips, nearly losing it the way he grinds down on Dean’s cock. There’s a scar sitting right above the man’s hip. Dean presses his thumb against it, and the man lets out a hiss.
Cas wanders over and sits on the couch, Sam joining him on the left. Dean comes over a minute later, eggnog in one hand and whiskey in the other, and squishes in between them. Sam turns the camera towards the trio, telling them to say cheese. Cas leans closer to Dean to try and get in the shot. The light smell of sweat and something purely
stares at him harder than the book. His thumb hovers over the call button. He hears Bobby shouting from back in the kitchen, some empty threat or another. Dean hits 'call'.
“I’m… sorry ‘bout your friend,” John says. He looks at Dean with glistening eyes, “I’m sorry, Dean.” It’s a lot more than right now John is apologizing for. Dean swallows again.
"It was..." Sam falters, "It was stupid, honestly. A nightmare, a freakin' nightmare. But I wouldn't wake up. We were in this little town. Dad took us there once, the place with that lame mystery shack? We were walking down the street, and you... There was a car, came out of nowhere." Sam inhales sharply. "It happened so many times. It was a car, or a safe dropped on you, or you got shot, or-- I couldn't wake up.
When their spoons are scraping the bottom of their bowls, they both look back up. Cas lets out a heavy belch.
God, everything feels good. Dean's teeth start to buzz when he passes the bowl over to Jace, who takes a long inhale, blowing a smoke ring up to the ceiling.
The third and final photograph is turned over: two children, sitting on the front steps of a church, one boy and one girl. They both have dark hair and bright eyes. The girl, Hael, has a yellow jacket over her blue dress, and one leg in a cast. Castiel is, as always, in his trenchcoat, with a red hoodie underneath. His arm is in a sling and he has scabs down his cheek. A few drops of rain darken the church steps.
"John's--" an alcoholic, falling apart, wasting away, killing himself constantly. "John's good, real good. He misses you. We all do.Except Sammy, he's too busy raving about
They both eat in silence, the heater in the corner blasting white noise and far-too-hot air around their house. Once they finish eating, they find themselves sliding into the front seats of their '67 Chevy Impala, Dean's pride and joy. He got it from his dad when he turned sixteen. The car is his baby, as he reminds his brother any time he can.
Inside, Castiel feels instantly better. He coughs, but he feels something loosening inside him. Sam’s glasses fog up as he crosses into the landing. Dean looks up from the island in time to make a quip. It feels normal. Normal is definitely something Castiel could go for right now. He sidles over to Dean and plants a kiss on his neck. Faintly, Castiel wonders where his mother has gone, but he leaves the thought to the side. Cas tells Dean his wish.
To his own surprise, Castiel laughs. His laugh is swallowed by a hacking cough, though, and he spits into the closest trashcan. When he stands back up, Dean looks very sad. He puts the shot glasses down on the counter, and pours them both full of glistening white vinegar.
He chews the fruit thoughtfully, glad that on most days, hamburgers are an acceptable breakfast food. But they ran out of hamburger meat a few days ago, so he has to settle for something lighter. He takes another bite of his apple and heads out the back door. There's a garden that spreads around his backyard, complete with a stone path that winds around all the fauna. Early morning light streams through the tops of the trees, trees that curve to make a tunnel over Castiel. Ivy vines creep up the walls that run around the outer edges of the yard, a few hugging themselves against the trunks of the trees. Bushes and flowers spread out among the rest of the yard, the only space between them being the stone pathway. In the middle, underneath an archway sits a fountain with an angel poised on top. Even through the chill of the fall morning, the yard is still warm. Castiel strolls through, keeping one hand behind his back as the other clasps his apple. When he was younger, he always imagined this as a small patch of the Garden of Eden, and he himself an angel strolling through.
But it has been years since he's done any of that. And Adra is likely asleep in her bed, still in her pantsuit with her hair pinned up. Castiel had been no taller than her shoulder the last time they had watched the stars together. Tonight, there are no stars to see.
”I see.” Perhaps the most stilted sentence Dean has ever said to him. Cas blinks. Dean blinks. “Well, let’s get to it then.”
The song continues, with several thunder cracks and the children shuffling inside, their mother scolding them but wrapping them tight in towels. They splash each other in the bath that follows, and splash, and splash, and screech again in laughter. The song ends with their mother looking at them fondly, as she drips bathwater from her brow.
“Hey kid,” They both know this conversation by heart. “Your dad's fine. Passed out on my couch near three.”
Cas’ heart all but stops in his throat when the telltale scraping of ladder over wood floor comes through the trapdoor. After a few swears, Dean sticks his head through. A huge sigh escapes Castiel. He deposits his book on the nightstand.
In all honestly, Castiel is not sure how he got to be lying down on the couch. The only thing he is really aware of is that the couch smells like
To Castiel's surprise, Adra is standing in the kitchen with a head of lettuce and several other brightly-colored vegetables in front of her. She spots him and startles, dropping her tomato.
”Castiel,” Cas corrects automatically. There are three flowers in her hand for him, one pink carnations, one red one, and oh. One rose.
“You know,” He says, “It looks like Eden could use some cleaning up. I don’t know a lot about gardening, but I can sweep up for you.” Adra blinks at him.
Charlie hardly waits to snatch the phone from Dean. Her eager smile melts into a more sincere one the more she reads.
As quietly as they can, they move the coffee table over to the far wall. Then Dean stands in front of Cas with his arms open. He puts a hand on Cas’ waist, underneath his coat.
Dean very much does. He starts by snaking a hand under Cas’ shoulders, gripping his shoulder blade and a little lower on his back. Then, Dean kisses down Cas’ chest, swirling his tongue and blowing a breath on the wet spot, which makes Castiel arch into him. Dean’s hands are rough against Cas’ back, but his tongue is warm, and wet. Dean kisses Cas’ nipples, nipping and tugging at the piqued, pink skin. Castiel moans, and grabs for the sheets, for Dean’s shoulder, for anything just to have more of that. Dean responds with a smirk against Cas’ chest, and the hand that was on Cas’ spine is now on his nipple, rubbing in small, circular motions. Dean’s tongue does the same on the other. Dean pinches.
While his stomach settles, he puts the fries in the toaster oven and waits. Dean usually puts leftovers in Tupperware, on the rare occasion they actually have anything leftover. And Sam knows he told Dean to put the fries away before they bolted on Sunday night. Sam sighs. Whatever. It’s food and it isn’t spoiled, that’s good enough for now.
Dean really wants to say something else, but he puts his phone away. He turns to Charlie’s desk. Her laptop is sitting idle in a sea of sticky notes.
"Well now I'm here," Dean says. he leans his seat back so it touches the back seat and puts his hands behind his head. "So we can spend time by ourselves together." Cas nods. Smiles.
”Sir Dean?” Charlie’s voice cuts through to him. “Sir Dean.” It’s more commanding this time. Sir Dean squares his shoulders.
It isn't until Cas opens his messages and laughs out loud that he realizes just how empty his house is.
He hugs Jessica again and she starts to shake. He hugs her and he aches for the salty, medicine spice of Castiel. Jess clutches his shirt and he knows she aches, too.
”Hello to you too, Dean.” Dean is suddenly very aware of how he looks: the red vest that’s a little too big, the pants with a tear in the knee. But Cas doesn’t seem to notice, he only holds the flowers out to him: they’re fresh, a couple whose petals fade from white to blue-violet, with a yellow center, and a cluster of pink ones that look like four-pointed stars with orange centers. “Siberian squill, and Daphne odora.” Cas points to the purple and pink flowers, respectively. “Fresh from Eden.”
Inside is a stack of CDs, and a palm-sized journal with the same type of leather binding as the notebook he got Cas for Christmas. He flips open the front cover: a tiny
"You're both up early," Sam notes. Dean just gives him a look and hands him a mug. It smells bitter and it makes his fingertips tingle with heat. "What's this, coffee?"
“It sucked,” Sam says, scowling, scratching Gabe’s butt, “But at least no one was fighting. Or drunk.” He points out. Mary’s funeral had been a disaster. Bobby had to escort a belligerent, drunk and swearing John out of the chapel halfway through. They finished the funeral without him.
The battle takes the better part of an hour to finish. Sir Dean, after being revived by Gilda’s fairy magic, is used as witness to the signing of a treaty between Moondoor and the Dark Forest. He watches Queen Charlie scrawl her name at the bottom of the parchment, in the name of Moondoor. As soon as the treaty is signed, someone blows a horn and shouts
”Cas, hey, buddy.” Is it Dean’s voice, pleasantly soft on Cas’ ears. And then Cas is being jostled, hoisted so he is sitting up. There is a hand on his back. “Let’s get this coat off or you’ll overheat, alright?”
Dean, about to turn the page, pauses. His thumb is trembling, ever so slightly. He looks up: his eyebrows are a tight line; there is a crease on the side of each eye that Castiel has, until now, only seen when Dean talks of his father. He is not smiling.
“Uh. A gift for you, if you’d like it,” Dean says, twirling his ring, “A few months ago, Sammy picked up a stray cat during a bad rainstorm. Well, to be honest, the stray kind of picked us up. He’s been great and all, but I’m allergic, and my dad-- Well, we figured you’d be better off taking care of a cat than us.” Dean rolls the towel back, revealing the tan cat carrier and a grouchy Gabe's pupils narrowing in the light. Dean unhooks the carrier door, and Gabe creeps out, sniffing around. Adra watches him, wide-eyed. Dean sneezes.
Dean rolls his eyes, opening the front door and sticking his foot out to stop it from closing on him. The trio are still in their costumes, for the most part. The chainmail shimmers on Dean’s chest. He shakes his shoulders, making the sunlight dance off him. Gilda laughs. She has a jewel stuck right below her eye that shines, too.
When he finishes his apple, he tosses it to the ground where some animal will pick it up sooner or later. He takes a seat on the edge of the fountain, listening to the water trickling down. The water sloshes around when he picks a few browning leaves out. Shaking his hand off, the cold a comfortable shock against his hot skin, he watches the scene around him: there are a couple of seasonally-confused bees buzzing around some blooming daphnes. A particularly fuzzy bee lands on a flower and waddles around it. Her back end is dusted with fine specks of pollen, which makes Castiel wonder how many other flowers she's found this morning, even through the cold.
”S’chicken soup. Canned. Not as good as you coulda made, I’m sure.” Dean chuckles to himself. “I had to call Sammy for help. Don’t tell anyone, I wouldn’t live it down.”
They keep driving. Adra guns it through three yellow lights. The world blurs outside, green and brown into grey. Dean’s heart pounds in his chest. He steals glances over to Jo, who’s bouncing her leg. Ash is staring out the window, twirling a strand of his mullet around his finger. Dean thinks about texting Charlie. None of them say a word.
Cas reconvenes with his group, and grabs for Dean’s hand. They collected Jo and presented her with two different bouquets while Cas was gone. Her eyes are shining.
He finds no Bible, so instead he digs into his closet for a nice shirt to wear. The one he picks out is a light blue and buttons up, so it doesn’t get caught on his glasses, which happens a lot. he runs a hand through his hair.
"There was this one time, when I was at my mom's house--" She stops short, bolting up from the bed. "Wait!" She looks around the room like it's on fire. "I forgot your present!" Sam doesn't have time to ask her what she's talking about before she runs out.
Charlie's letter, he's in the process of replying to, crinkles when he lays on it. Cursing, he sits back up and smooths the pages out. His reply is nearly three pages front and back of his scrawled handwriting. He sets the letter and the reply off to the side, grabbing his phone instead. A call incoming, from Jace.
He rolls the flower stems around in his hand. The pink one is from Jo: he recognizes her sharp handwriting on the outside of the card.
“Damn place lost power after an hour,” Dad gripes, more to himself than Dean, “Came back on after a while, 'course, but we couldn't get nearly enough...” he mumbles some more that Dean doesn't catch. John raises his empty hand to his lips, pulling back and inspecting it once he realizes there's no beer there.
before." Sam gnashes his teeth. "But Cas is here, man, you think he wants to see you like this? What the hell are you doing? And
Dean scowls at nothing in particular. He shoots Jo a mournful look, before glaring at the chalkboard ahead of him. He watches the cucumber slice splat onto the floor. He's sure he'll be stuck with some deadbeat who expects him to do all the work. Ms. Nisbet drops the rubric onto his desk, and he almost audibly groans. Christ, he practically has to write a whole 'nother novel. Hello, C minus. Yet another reason for his dad to come down on his head.
. Sam squints at the board. He thinks he remembers Dean complaining about the unit a couple of years ago.
“I am… Regretful,” She says, sniffing and wiping her nose with the back of her free hand. A tattoo, some curling black script, winds around her bony wrist, “I was not the best mother. I never was. I did not… I was not good at…” She pauses, grasping at the air like the word is hanging in front of her, “Feelings were not my strong suit, you must understand… I took him to all his appointments, but I wonder… I hope he did not… I pray he was not angry with me for doing what I did.”
”There was a bus station a few miles away, but by the time I got there the buses to Bobby’s weren’t running ‘til the morning. I had to spend a night in this shady bus station, all alone. Well, mostly alone. I had met someone that night. Her name was Meg, she was a few years older than me. I think she was even older than Dean, but I dunno. Said she was trying to get to California by the end of the summer, a fresh start. I told her I was going to my uncle’s and she just laughed.” Sam remembers Meg, in her dusty brown jacket and the clunky headphones around her neck. She smelled like cheap coffee and danger and the road. “We were stuck in that bus station together until morning. And we, I don’t know, we just talked. There was something about her. I just talked and she looked like she got it. Kinda like you. I’ll be honest, I even thought about going with her. But Dean found me the next morning and dragged me out. I never heard from her again.” Castiel looks very sad.
”Yes. We will write letters on occasion. But it is… Nothing, compared to what Samandriel and I were.”
Sam turns his head to press his cheek onto Cas’ shoulder. A damp spot grows. Castiel cannot find it in him to care.
Thankfully, he doesn’t have to present the whole essay, which came to a whopping ten pages at the end of it. Dean praises Cas’ ability to make sense of his chicken scratch. He has to give a brief summary and give some quotes. Their title: Love and God.
There's a struggle, with Rummy not wanting to let go of the paper towels and Bobby trying to keep his muddy paws off the old lore books. But eventually, Rummy's teeth unclamp and he whines.
Cas slings his backpack into the back seat. He stalls before walking over to the open passenger's side door and sitting down. Some song Cas doesn't recognize blares through the car's radio. As always, he asks if Dean can turn it down, and as always, Dean tells him that the driver picks the music. After they get onto the main road, Cas turns it off anyway. Dean stops to shoot him a glare, but doesn't try to turn the radio back on.
“Hello, Dean,” Adra says, a little distracted. In the kitchen, there’s strips of thin blue tape around the corners between wall and ceiling, and sheets of plastic laid down over the tile floor, “Pardon the mess. I am redecorating.” Dean huffs a little laugh.
”The entire reboot was a bad fic. Come on Chuck, we’d die of peanut butter overdose before the tournament!”
Out in Eden, Castiel kicks some of the fallen leaves off the stone pathway. Everything smells raw, like it's waiting for the rain. Castiel eats his banana in haste, eager to get the garden ready for the storm. The air smells thick, even in the spidery cold. Castiel glances back at Adra through the glass doors; she looks away, back down to her papers.
”Yeah?” Dean remembers one of her letters telling him that she beat a guy named Gerry with a broadsword.
Usually, waking up on Friday morning is a million times easier than any other day of the week. It would be still, if Dean got a decent night sleep. He rubs sleep crush from his eyes. His phone has three messages waiting for him, one for Cas and two from Jace, a girl in his Shop class.
His lungs are painfully empty and full at the same moment. The pen drops to the tile floor with a plastic
"Cas, you wanna be part of our ugly sweater tradition?" There's something different about Dean's voice, something soft. He has a hopeful smile playing at his lips.
"You look-- I mean--," Dean stammers, looking down. The break in eye contact is jolting, Castiel feels his stomach lurch. "To be frank, dude, you look awful as piss. I wanted to-- I mean, can I do anything to help?"
The whole world seems to relax. People shrug their cloaks off, untie their belts, whip off their hats. Charlie peels off her leather gloves, and Dean nearly rips his wig in half getting it off his head. Gilda, looking perfect as always, does nothing.
"It is a genetic disease where my lungs become clogged with mucus. And it is likely that I will die prematurely." Dean takes his hand off of Cas at last. He misses Dean's touch already.
The garden is muted in color, even the evergreens along the far wall have lost much of their vibrancy. A pile of snow sits harsh and unmelted beneath the willow tree on Cas' right. The stone walkway in front of Cas is more gray than usual. It clacks in the cold when he walks over it. Dean leaves crunch underfoot.
The empty soda can drops with a hollow clink into the trash can. Dean makes a mental note to put the trash out before school tomorrow. The countertop is sticky and smells like alcohol when he runs his hand over it. He grabs some paper towels, cleaning up the spill that Dad probably didn't notice. Sam's eyes bore into him from across the room, but he doesn't say a word.
Dean remembers. There's a pair of gas-station sunglasses somewhere in his room. Dean rushes to his bedroom, kicking clothes up off the floor. A pair of tacky, neon green sunglasses flies up with them. He doesn't catch them.
"It is." Cas smiles despite the weight that's pressing in on him. A blast of wind hits them as they walk and even with the layers, they shiver.
Bobby's dog, a lunking idiot Rottweiler he calls Rumsfeld, whines and scratches at the back door. The house shakes with a nasty howl of wind, but Dean let's Rummy out the back door anyway. Dean's phone buzzes in his pocket: a text, from a  number he doesn't recognize.
He opens the door to the sharp, cool air running across his skin; goosebumps pop up in a line down his arm. Jess is standing in the doorway, her curly hair kept back under a loose knit cap. Her cheeks are pink from the cold and she's grinning at him with all her off-white teeth. The cold bleeds into the foyer; Jess kicks the door shut. She shuffles in to the front room, setting a Santa-paper wrapped gift down next to all the shoes.
The school building is still fairly empty when Castiel arrives. He makes his way around the back to find a tree to sit under. The back entrance to the band room is in full view of both the football field and the Shop building, where his first class is. His shoulder bag lands softly on the frosty grass, the front cover of
“Sorry,” He apologizes, turning off the tap, “Uh. I got used to it, you know.” He looks away, sheepish. But Adra has a small smile tugging at the corner of her mouth.
”Good to know,” Dean says, meaning it. He takes a sniff, but they just smell like regular old flowers to him. He sneezes.
Chapter warnings: fantasy/medieval violence, mentions of animal abuse, mentions of death and smoking
"Way to sugar coat it, man." He tries to smile, but it fails quickly. Instead, he sighs, and starts walking again. Cas buttons up his coat, bracing himself against the cold. "What about this?"
Dean finds himself in Geneva alongside Victor Frankenstein, meeting his comrade Henry, who has a passion for the heros and villains from the books he reads. It reminds Dean of Sammy. His chest pangs. He looks up at the clock behind him, grinding his teeth again. Half an hour until he can pick up the kid. Dean didn't notice he had stopped tapping his foot until he starts again.
“Cas,” Dean says, his voice coming from very far away. Castiel crosses two fingers of his free hand and sticks it up to Dean. Sign language R. He moves his hand into a loose, flat fist, with his fingers resting on his thumb. E. He points one finger up. D. Dean dives to the dresser and the cool plastic of Cas’ inhaler is being pressed into Castiel’s hand. Cas fights a cough, and puffs once, twice, and his shoulders drop. His red inhaler falls to his lap. He breathes.
The look Sam’s giving him now is the polar opposite of the one he gave last week: now he’s worrying a hole in his lip, furrowing his eyebrows in concern.
”I have a cold.” He says, with feeling. There is a weighty pause. And Dean bursts out laughing. If Castiel had the energy to glare, he would have.
"Having a lover's spat, are we?" A voice calls from across the parking lot. Sam looks out to see a tall boy sauntering across the parking lot: one of his other friends, Brady, backpack slung over his shoulder. He reminds Sam of Dean in that way.
Cas doesn’t say anything either, it’s just the two of them sitting at the kitchen table, enjoying dinner. Judging by how hungrily Cas is digging into his own bowl, Dean figures he hasn’t eaten a lot today, either.
"Awesome." It's Dean who speaks up. His body is tilted to the left. "Fuckin' awesome." Sam grinds his teeth. Cas reaches a hand out to steady his friend.
“No, Cas, no, no, no,” He says, frantic. He runs his hands through his hair. Castiel reaches out and touches Sam’s shoulder. Sam squeezes his eyes shut, “Castiel, no.”
The back seat of the Impala gets filled with a smokey haze, but by the time Dean notices, he's beyond caring. The edges of his vision blur until all he can focus on is Jace in front of him, her chest tattoo shining against her light skin. Everything slowly starts to feel awesome. The leather seat feels sticky and smooth at the same time, and Jace's dyed-orange hair shimmers in the late-afternoon sun.
Dean reads the text twice, then stares off ahead of him. There's a small flower pot with a tiny cactus in it on the windowsill, that Charlie gave him last summer. They had never had enough room for a real garden, and God knows Dean hardly remembers to water the cactus anyway.
”What? Yeah, I was just…” Dean fumbles, not realizing Cas could hear him. “I’ve, uh, I guess I’ve got it pretty bad for you.”
"Heya Sammy," Dean greets his brother. And sure enough, Sam slides into Castiel's view with a stack of six or seven books in tow.
The house around him creaks under the strain of the storm, not nothing more than a light shower.  A stray car or two passes by the street outside. Dean falls back on his pillow, hardly remembering to kick the boots off the end of his mattress. His eyes shut slowly.
Castiel looks away before Dean does. He breathes. Short, regulated. Like a soldier. He swallows his cough back into his throat.
so strongly that Cas’ heart might jump out of his chest. He feels much too warm in all the wrong ways.
He doesn't so much walk in as drag himself into view: his many layers of clothes all stick to him, and his shoulders are hunched. It's as if some of the storm outside got dumped into his head rather than onto it, from the way his eyes can't seem to pick themselves up from the floor. A shiver runs down Castiel's neck when the boy passes him, and he's sure it's not from the cold. Dean drops like a dead weight into his chair. The line of his jaw is tight, a few drops of water leaving a shiny streak down his chin. He licks his lips.
“Do you think you matter?” Cas says. He doesn’t respond to Dean’s fist, which throbs on impact. It doesn’t sound like a question, so Dean doesn’t answer, only holds his hand out dumbly. “You think God cares what you say about Him? He has a plan for each of us, Dean. And sometimes it sucks! Sometimes kids get cancer! Or cystic fib--”
would you even think we could keep a cat here?" Dean's fuming, leaning hard on the refrigerator. Sam is glaring at him from the other side of the kitchen table. Sam's insides are burning up.
"I got him!" Sam calls, waving the paper towels in front of Rumsfeld, who stops licking Dean immediately. "C'mere, boy!" Sam clicks his tongue. Rummy's tail sprays water across Dean's shirt. "Rummy!" The dog nearly leaps over Dean to get to Sam, knocking a few chairs over on the way. Dean stands shakily, his shirt covered in muddy paw prints. There's a crash and thud from the back room, followed by the dog barking defeatedly. Sam curses. Bobby and Dean exchange looks, then go over to help Sam.
"Ash," Dean cuts in, "dude, I know you're well researched in the art of bullshit and conspiracy theories. But I was telling Jo earlier that we should have a movie night."
"Cas, what the fuck?" Is the first thing out of Dean's mouth. He's just been awoken by a loud clanging from the kitchen, and rolled over to see Cas apologizing profusely to a dented pot on the floor. Dean squeeze his eyes and tries not to fall back asleep.
“Jo and Ash are here,” Sam says. His glasses are still around his neck. Dean finishes his water and crushes the bottle.
Movement. Cas shuts his eyes. He can't see straight. Dizzy. And then air. Sweet, frosty air choking on the way down. He coughs. He's standing up. How did he get up? He's so cold. There's a hand on his back. Warm. The hand is warm.
“I was gonna come back,” Bobby says immediately, crossing his arms over his chest, “I spilled somethin’ on my shirt. Didn’t want them to think I was a slob.” Dean blinks, stares at his uncle until it clicks.
"God, no, last time we had to sit through two hours on the history of the mariachi band," Jo gripes, popping a brownie into her mouth. "How is it that you're the nerd of all of us?"
”Hey Cas!” Fuck, she’s way too happy about this. “It’s Charlie! You remember me, right?” Cas answers, although Dean can’t hear it. “This isn’t an important call, is it? You don’t need to whisk Dean away from us, do you?”
When they get up to leave, Cas gives him a long hug. He’s warmer than usual, or maybe that’s just Dean.
”Seriously, Dean.” Charlie sits back down at her seat and looks him in the eye. “He’s good for you. I’m glad you two are-- you know.”
”They may take our lives, but they’ll never take our freedom!” Dean belts in his final, heavy breath. Nerds of all ages are whooping and shouting, hoisting their swords and archery bows above their heads. There are Moondoor knights, a handful of Fairies, and even an Elf or two in the mix.
“I don’t know why I bother,” Sam mutters, absent of any real contempt. Gabriel meows in seeming sympathy. Dean clears his throat, the weight settling back in his stomach.
”Speaking of, here come our boys now.” Jo says, and her tone feels like a warning, one Castiel is grateful for.
”Look at you, Angel Man falling from grace.” Dean shakes his head. “Your mom must have been thrilled.” His comment is met only with silence. “Yeah, I remember my first time. I was out back in some trailer park in Texas, out near where Charlie lives, yeah? This chick named Ruby always had a pack on her. I think I burned a hole in my shoe when I put it out, but don’t tell anyone.”
Now, though, his body doesn’t give a damn about whether he feels like eating or not. Sam pulls the fridge open; it’s mostly empty as usual, but there’s something wrapped in tin foil that Sam doesn’t recognize. He sniffs and folds back the foil. French fries? His stomach growls again. He picks through them and eats a couple, still cold.
"That's so cool!" Sam gets into the passenger seat beside Dean, but turns around to face Castiel. “Did you know, uh...” he pauses to think, brushing the mop of damp hair out of his eyes.
Dean wakes up sneezing with a dead weight on his chest. There's a lump of orange cat laying on him, paws outstretched, rumbling loudly. Gabe only purrs louder when Dean calls out to his brother. Sam barges in, his hair a mess and his glasses pushed up to his forehead. Dean sneezes twice, but still the cat doesn't move.
Dean's heart is slamming against his ribs. His whole body feels stiff and his hands won't stop shaking.
”Didn’t take long for the battle to best you, did it?” The elf asks, scooting aside to give Dean a seat.
“Of course,” Cas says, ducking into the classroom just as the late bell rings. He takes his seat near the door, glancing through the glass to see Dean sauntering down the hall like he has all the time in the world. Cas swears he stops to smile at him before turning and walking away.
"I hope it's a doctor's appointment, dude. You've been coughing up a lung all week." Ash says, chuckling.
Sitting in the front seat of the cas, Castiel feels the music vibrating right into his chest. His flowers are sitting in his lap. Dean holds the steering wheel with one hand, the other turns down the music until Cas can barely hear it. Cas coughs again, and takes a couple puffs of his inhaler. He feels, perhaps for the first time all day, like he can breathe.
"Hey Cas! Merry Christmas!" Castiel doesn't want to point out that Christmas isn't for another couple of days, so he simply smiles back. Without warning, Dean takes Cas' messenger bag out of his hand and throws it down on the couch right where Sam is laying. Sam coils inward with an
Before anyone has the chance to say anything else, Bobby comes out holding a pot of soup between two mismatched oven mitts. Rummy, sitting at Jo's feet, whines. Whatever conversations had been developing are put on hold while everyone slurps their soup. Hasn't changed in five minutes, Dean thinks thankfully, digging in.
Dean slipped his fingers free from Castiel’s quivering, drenched hole and lined the blunt head of his cock up to the omega’s rim, pushing passed the tight ring of muscle. The alpha stared down into Castiel’s bright blue eyes as he slid in inch by inch. The love and adoration that shone back at him made his heart beat a little faster. Dean took a deep breath as he bottomed out and leaned down, bringing their mouths together again. Now, instead of frantic kisses and pawing at each other, they shared long, slow kisses, savored each other’s taste, scent, and soft touches.
“Then come claim your prize,” Castiel purred with a knowing smile. Even if sex was off the table Dean would never deny him anything. “I love you, Alpha.”
Most now believed those stories were legends, just fairy tales read to the pups before bedtime. There were stories about strong Alphas with red eyes that loved the thrill of the chase, and beautiful Omegas with golden eyes that wanted to be caught and claimed. But Dean? He knew different. Shifters, although extremely rare, did still exist, and it just so happened Dean’s lineage was one of the very few left, which made his inner Alpha’s need to claim their Omega that much more persistent.
“Shit,” Castiel groaned as he let his head fall forward and thump against the table. “I forgot all about the banquet.”
"I am fairly well-off, Sam. You don't need to worry. As long as I keep up my treatment, the doctors believe I will have a few years, at least." Cas' voice is calm, as if he's made this speech a thousand times. Sam swallows his heart back down.
He thinks. There’s something buzzing in Dean’s chest that’s ready to get out. “Hey Cas, can I… Talk t’you about something?”
and a row of blocky flowers. There are even tiny green and red lights sewn in around the reindeer. Sam crosses his arms over his chest.
“That was Jim,” Adra says, clicking her phone off and setting it down on the island. She stares at it’s dark face for a long moment, and then up to Castiel, “He can come by this Friday.  I figured you would want to do it here, and not a stuffy hospital room.”
”Dean,” Cas says. Dean swallows. There is something sick sitting in Cas’ stomach. Waiting. There is much, so much, that he wants to say.
Adra’s car is cramped and the music is too quiet, some dramatic classical piece that Jo taps her fingers along to. They’re halfway to the hospital when Dean remembers.
“Oh dude, really? That means so much to me, thank you. You know, I almost didn’t perform it this year, ‘cause my grandmomma’s in the crowd and she’s a harsh critic. She didn’t think anyone would want to see a Black man singin’ a white man’s song, you know, I thought I didn’t want to disappoint her, but, you, you really made my day, do you mind if I tell my grandmomma what you said? What’d you say your name was?”
Just outside the shade of the fountain is a row of tall orange flowers with dark red spots peppering the insides. Tiger lillies. Dean touches a petal carefully, rubbing a thumb over its wax. He sneezes. He gives the flowers some water, as they’re starting to shrivel. Sam said the fountain water was blessed some time ago, which makes watering the plants something holy. Dean snorts. That means the time Cas almost drowned was holy, too.
. The photo itself is really nothing special: Castiel, just barely thirteen, standing in the middle of Eden. The fountain behind him glistens in the morning light. A bumblebee whizzes by his right ear, blurring in mid-flight. The plants around him block out the harshest of the sun’s rays. Cas’ trenchcoat is creased from it’s lack of use, and it hangs off him like he’s trying to drown himself in it’s folds. In his left hand, between his middle and ring fingers, sits a cigarette that is left permanently half-burning. A trail of smoke follows from Castiel’s lips up to the sky.
”No, I--” Cas hears Dean shifting, fabric rustling against the tile floor. Cas dares his eyes open for a moment, enough to see a very blurry Dean sitting cross-legged behind him. “I mean I’m… Sorry you got sick.”
”We don’t talk any more, thanks to Charlie,” Gilda speaks up, rubbing her thumb across Charlie’s hand tenderly.
Mrs. Bradbury is a plump woman, wearing an apron that’s covered in flour. Her wheelchair is right up next to the counter and she’s kneading a ball of dough with both hands. Dean leans over to kiss her cheek, careful to keep his toes from getting crushed.
Castiel sighs a long, slow sigh. The bruising on his ribs pinches on his exhale. He puts his phone down on the table. The back of his hand is purple and blue, puffy, and his knuckles are scabbed. A headache threatens to pound behind his eyes. On the table next to the salt and pepper is a row of Cas’ inhalers and medicines, organized in rainbow order.
Dean hurtles himself towards the nearest orc. He swings to the weak spot of his armor, just below the stomach. The orc winces, clutching his side. Grunting, he --
Sam's math class is up on the second floor, so he bids Brady goodbye and goes up. His legs still ache from the run, and he's caught panting by the time he's at the classroom door.
”Well,” Cas says, after a moment of thought, “Edward is very old, he may have picked it up along the way.”
Dean turns back. Opens his mouth, pauses, and closes it. But Castiel watches Dean's hand's move, digging into his pocket and pulling out a square of paper. He holds it out for Castiel.
The ride to the cemetery is short, and the growing silence would be unbearably painful if it were anyone but the Winchester boys in the front seats.
And all at once, the attention is on Castiel. He stands still with his hands at his side while both pairs of eyes in the room appraise him. Cas' heart lurches in his throat when he meets Dean's eyes.
Dean has one fist on the top of the steering wheel and the other in his lap, looking more at his brother waving around than at the road. Eventually, Dean turns the radio off, wanting to listen to Sam more than Hetfield. He makes a mental note to look up
"What a baby." Dean snorts, although he, too starts to yawn. He plops back down on the couch, gesturing for Cas to come join him.
”Happy birthday, kid.” John’s voice, still rough with sleep, comes from behind him. Dean swallows thickly, his throat coated in syrup.
A few minutes later, there’s a short knock at the door. Sam’s pulse beats in his throat. He yanks the door open with a little too much force. His hands start shaking, but he blames the cold.
The next couple hours drag on. Dean checks all the cabinets twice, making a short list of groceries. He taps his fingers on the door of the fridge, half-eyeing the six pack on the door, half hoping his phone will go off again.
Dean’s been sick before, of course, as has Sammy, but not the way Cas is. The higher the dose, the higher the sick, is how Dean’s always thought of it.
The faded magnet on the fridge is from a field trip one of the boys took a few years ago. Maybe Dean stole it from a museum, he can't remember. Beneath the magnet, clinging to it for dear life, is a grocery list written mostly in Sam's looping handwriting. It takes Dean throwing away four pens before he finds one that works, and adds
"Shut it, Cas." Dean warns. Sam feels like he's missing something, but he just shakes his head and blows on the coffee. His glasses steam up until he can't see the cup in his hands. "So, Sammy, is Jess still on her way over?"
“I would hum Sammy to sleep,” Dean says, looking back to the house through the trees, “And y’know, it kept everything else away.”
"Too damn many people in this kitchen," the old man mutters, wiping the sweat off his brow with the back of his sleeve.
“A bit." Sam shrugs. "I'm not very good since someone--” he shoots a look at Dean-- “never wants to play with me.” Castiel hears Dean chuckle, but he doesn't say a word.
he thinks. He sighs, tapping his pen against his chin. Words come to him in his next shiver, and he gets to work.
Cas is the one who spots it after another minute of driving: a tall, brick building with a white awning and several thick pillars holding it up. Indeed, on the side, Isaiah Institute. There are a handful of people mulling around the entrance, some smoking, some not, all dressed in similar suits or dark dresses of varying length.
“Dean, get your feet off the table, come on,” The teacher barks at the student. That's his name-- Dean. Castiel hadn't known. Dean, rolls his eyes and swings his legs down. He catches Castiel's gaze for a moment. Castiel can feel his blood sting in his veins. Something about him rubs Castiel the wrong way. Not that it really matters to him; by this time tomorrow they would be erased entirely to each other and would move on with their lives.
Dean lets himself droop, leaning over Cas with his arms around Cas’ neck in an almost-hug. Castiel breathes ragged and shallow. He smells of cinnamon and sweat. Dean’s heart is stuck in his throat.
Then he dusts off the picture frames themselves. The photographs inside two of them have been turned over, leaving only the white gloss shine to face Castiel. The other one is entirely empty. Furrowing his brow, Castiel checks the date scribbled onto the back of the empty one.
Dean rolls his eyes and gropes around for a tissue. Gabe bats around at something on the floor. It feels like there's a ball of lead in Dean's stomach, watching Gabe jump up and down and pounce on the old pizza crust.
"I'm sorry." Castiel mutters just before they reach the door. Adra stiffens. Cas rings the doorbell.
His bag is still on the floor next to the coffee table. He pushes it over to where he's standing, a pen and his blue inhaler falls out. The side of the inhaler reads Albuterol. Cas snatches up the medicine and shakes it. He takes a hard puff, feeling the spray hit all the way back in his throat and down to his lungs. A few coughs come up, so he turns away from Dean and buries his nose in his sleeve until it's over. He spits the mucus into the kitchen sink, hoping the night won't last very long.
"Excuse me?" Despite being a rather short man, Ice has a large presence when he wants to. Brady gulps.
Dean doesn't get to finish his thought; the teacher comes back and hands him a stack of papers with Castiel's name scribbled across the top. He thanks her, circling around the room a couple times before sitting back in his seat. The stack of papers makes itself comfortable on Dean's desk, he tosses his copy of Frankenstein down next to it. For once in his life, Dean actually wants to do his schoolwork.
Something flares up in Cas' stomach. "They are good people," he assures her, "Dean is a good person." Adra glances at him, her expression tight. He keeps looking at the road ahead.
“It is fine,” Adra insists. Gabe has sniffed her hand and is now rubbing the side of his face on her fingertips. Dean leans forward on his elbows.
Jess doesn't reply after that. A second picture message from Charlie shows up a few minutes later: a chainmail vest splayed out on Charlie's bed. Dean squints; it looks like the vest is made out of soda tabs.
It’s a large room. There are rows of chairs sitting in the stomach, and little desks with pads of paper and tissue boxes on the sides. Two tall, pale blue boards stand on the far wall, each covered with photographs. The coffin is up front. Dean doesn’t look at that yet. He drops Adra’s hand and makes a beeline for the photo boards. He’s seen a few of the photos before, from the Novak’s living room. A couple of baby photos. Toddler Castiel sitting in a pumpkin patch. Pimple-faced Cas grimacing for a school picture. Some of the photos are new: Castiel, pimple-faced but less so, kneeling before a priest. Something shiny slides down from Castiel’s forehead. He closed his eyes, but he has a small smile.
But sure enough, Dean is ready to go out the door in ten minutes time. The wind hits him full force, slamming the door shut behind him on the way out.
“Call Ellen,” Jo tells the principal, “Uh, my mother, Ellen Harvelle, she’s on their contact list, too,” Jo jerks her head towards Dean and Ash, “If she gives us permission, can we go?” The principal takes minute to deliberate. He pinches the bridge of his nose.
The familiar curl of the iron gate greets them, silhouetted with the orange glare of the setting sun. Out of habit, Dean begins to hum Metallica, to try and stop feeling like his ribs are made of charcoal. He never likes coming here, but he's always felt like he has to. Like healing and reopening an old wound at the same time. He tried to explain it to Sam once, and Sammy did the best he can, but he couldn't really get what Dean wanted to say. It's Sam, though, the kid understood him anyway. That's fine.
”I just…” He sighs, leaving a warm prickle on the back of Cas’ neck. “I thought that… Well, I didn’t think that… I mean, I….” Dean presses his forehead into Cas’ shoulder.
"How've you been, kiddo?" Dean asks, grinning wide at Sam more than Jess. Sam clears his throat and pushes his glasses up. "No, no, it's fine. I'll just go back to being a housewife." He leaves the pair in the kitchen. Instead of going back to Sam's room, he goes to his own and flops down on his bed like he hasn't seen it in years.
“Dean,” Castiel says, and for a horrible moment Dean worries that’s all Castiel is going to say. Castiel sweeps his eyes over Dean’s face, as if memorizing him. Dean takes Castiel’s limp hand in his own. Castiel clears his throat, “My whole life,” he begins, and a bittersweet relief floods through Dean, “I kept reaching for the stars. But every light I touched would go out,” Cas looks to the corner, where Dean knows Adra is watching, “So I thought I would, too. I would become one of those stars that’s too far away, that one day you blink and it’s been gone,” Castiel takes a deep breath, and looks back to Dean, “And then I met you. And your brother,” Cas looks to Sam, “And our friends,” He looks to Jo and Ash. Jo lets out a stifled sob, “The light inside me… It grew. It grew, and it grew stronger, until, until it was an angel’s grace. It kept me going. I can’t, I can’t thank you enough.”
"My mother was right, Dean, I am doing fine." Castiel assures him. "I feel remarkably..." he looks down at the IV, "human."
Sam stops breathing. He feels like the snow outside got shoved down the back of his shirt and he's not allowed to curse about it. Cas' face falters.
“Dean,” Cas’ voice cuts through the bullshit. Castiel holds his hand out. “Come here.” Castiel is exhausted.
Dean right now is sprawled over Cas’ bed, his shirt discarded somewhere (false, it’s halfway under Cas’ bed, right next to where Cas carved his own name, and Cas knows because Dean stripped it off as soon as they got into the room.) flipping idly through Samandriel’s copy of Slaughterhouse Five. Cas sits cross-legged at Dean’s knee, his thumb rubbing circles on the back of Dean’s thigh.
If Dean could have his way, his birthday would have come and gone without so much as a mention. But of course, he has no such luck. Being related to Sam will do that to you.
“It's nothing." Castiel defends. The wrong thing, again. He can almost feel his mother recoil. She pulls her mug closer.
Sam's voice carries through from the kitchen. He's growing loud, followed by Dad's voice, even louder.
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean mutters, then kisses Cas’ chest again. And lower, Dean trails his mouth over Cas’ sternum, around the curve of his ribs, licks an unfortunately ticklish spot near Cas’ navel. Cas yelps and shoves Dean without thinking. Dean stills, and Castiel tries to sit up and apologize, but a hacking cough comes out instead. Cas shoves his nose into his forget-me-nots, and coughs, and coughs. His face grows warm. With his free hand, he gropes around the nightstand. He finds smooth skin of the tissue box, and the loose pages of his book, but not what he’s looking for.
“Damn it, Castiel,” Dean mutters. His voice is hard, “Why’d you have to get sick?” The crowbar is cool in his hand, smooth like the tongs used to poke and prod a dying fire. Castiel is gone. It’s bullshit. Dean grinds his teeth. Castiel won’t ever see this garage, won’t watch Dean’s sweat-shiny back as he fixes the accelerator and changes the oil. Won’t get to have dinner with Bobby and their family-- their fucking family-- afterwards, “You son of a bitch,” Dean grips the crowbar tighter, “I loved you, you know that?” He looks up to the sky, the torrential rain, “I fucking loved you!” Dean kicks the toolbox, bolts and screwdrivers flying everywhere, “Why did you have to
Castiel thinks, feeling his gut squeeze at the thought of his mother. He tilts his head up, spotting the moon glimmer from behind some wispier clouds. Some of the light comes down in streams, leaving a strip of the sky pale blue. Castiel wonders if his mother is looking, too. She's only two floors below him, he could very well go down and check. If he were feeling reckless, he would even jump down from the roof, like he had done a handful of times in his earlier days.
”Dean.” Cas tries. “We need to work on our project.” Nothing, Dean only flips a page in his book. His fingers tense impatiently, going between curling and uncurling and tapping on the desk. The fingers that were oh, so recently holding Castiel’s hips steady as they danced around the Winchester’s living room. Castiel’s breakfast boils in his stomach. “Dean? Have you gotten any of your work done?” he tries again. And again, nothing. Castiel sighs, languid. He closes his eyes, still able to see Dean so clearly in the dark. He tries one last time. “Dean? Have I done something wrong?” His eyes open.
Bobby is anything but surprised when Dean calls. They make it to his place in record time. Sam goes off to scour Bobby's library for new lore, while Dean hangs back to chat with the man.
The movie rolls on, bleaker and less interesting than watching paint dry. There was a parody that came out a few years after the movie itself, and Dean would much rather be watching that. At least he can shield himself behind the irony.
”But you’re alright? I mean, you’re okay?” Maybe his worry bleeds into his voice, because Cas puts his burger down before answering.
Cas stares at the screen. Typing out his reply is painfully slow, his hands not quite getting their feeling back.
"Oh, good." And then Dean is pulling Cas into a hug, wrapping both arms around Cas' shoulders and giving him a squeeze. Cas can't move. "Shit, I missed you." When Dean finally lets go, Cas feels cold everywhere they aren't touching.
My next thoughts are about the sex in this chapter, so feel free to skip this if it's not a topic you're comfortable with.
To compensate, he downs a large mouthful of cocoa and cracks the worn spine of the book. The book seems to hold a light of it's own, that only glows brighter when he runs his fingertips over the page. He loses himself in the words for hours.
”As many of you may know, the human brain takes about twenty-five years to develop entirely.” Mr. Fueler begins, clicking away idly at his laptop screen. “So those of us around the world who are prone to disease, or starvation, whose lifespans are ultimately shorter, are often unable to develop in the same capacity as the average person.”
“I was thinking about… Just two weeks ago we had a movie night, me and the Winchesters, and Jo, and Ash, and Ash decided to reenact a scene from Titanic, and he broke the Winchester’s coffee table. And, I don’t recall ever laughing harder. I don’t know what to think any more.” Castiel is silent for a moment, his fingers fiddling an unstarted prayer. “I feel as if I’m holding a funeral for what might have been.”
Jess joins the group a minute later, her sweatshirt tied around her waist and a big red X taped over the inside of her elbow.
The white noise of the TV whines. Aggravated, Dean flicks it off when he passes by to get to Sam's room. On the couch, his dad mumbles something and rolls over. Dean's glad he moved the beer when he did, otherwise it would've been all over his dad's shirt by now.
as if she's whistling through her teeth, “A bad one, as far as I can tell.” She peers over to Castiel's desk, squinting slightly as she tries to make out what's scrawled on the paper. “What are you writing?” Castiel's chest clenches, and he wants, juvenilely, to cover the paper with his arms.
Sam manages to keep his pace with Brady for the first lap, until Brady falls behind to save his energy. Sam's hands turn bright red before he's halfway done, but he keeps going. Miraculously, he manages to be one of the first to finish the run. Ice congratulates him with a warm water bottle that feels like liquid gold on the way down Sam's throat.
Dean didn’t think about it until Cas had stood and curled his fists, but he was deeply, deeply fucked. Cas’ fist collides with Dean’s stomach. There was more force behind it than Dean had thought possible. He doubles over.
Dean wants a cigarette. He’s never wanted a cigarette more in his life. He doesn’t have to go in for another fifteen minutes. If Sammy hops out, he can get to the Exxon and back and no one would have to know. Dean sighs. He bangs his fist against the steering wheel. A promise is a promise. God damn it. Adra’s car door slams closed. Dean swears. Fine. Fine. He pulls his key out of the ignition. Sammy slides out of the passenger seat. Dean tugs on his shirt collar, and leaves the car.
Dean takes the seat next to Jo, bumping elbows with her when he sits down. Across from him, Sam and Jess both give him a look. Dean's phone buzzes in his pocket.
Does she know she has such a short time to live? Or is she simply following her instincts, because she knows no better? How many flowers will she see by the time she leaves? He wants to know how dazzling the flowers are to her in the muted November light. Does she spot them from far away because they're so bright? Or is she being a good soldier, just following orders? Trying to survive another day, another hour, to keep her kind alive? He wonders if she even knows she exists at all.
Jim asks if anyone would like to say a few words about the departed. Dean clenches his fist in his lap, moves to stand. But Jo gets there first, her eyes steeling and her shoulders taut. Jim moves aside and she stands at the podium for a minute, gripping it with both hands.
“It will be good to have company,” Adra says, after a beat. When she looks at him, Dean gets it. Castiel would stare at him like he was the only thing in the room worth looking at. Adra stares at him because he’s the only other thing in the room. This empty house must be suffocating. Dean turns. Eden is flourishing, petals shaking loose from every plant and flower, pooling in bright colors between the cracks in the cobblestone.
“You’ll be fine, though,” Dean insists, “There are antibiotics you can take, or that fuckin’, that fuckin’ inflatable vest thing you have. You’ll be fine,” Dean isn’t sure when he stood up, but he’s in front of Cas, wringing his hands. Cas leans against the bench looking like a scarecrow on a cross. Dean presses a fist to his lips. His mother’s ring is cool against his mouth.“A diagnosis isn’t a fucking death sentence. The damn doctors don’t know how to do their jobs, that’s what Bobby always says. Always screwing things up. You’re fine.”
”When I was thirteen, I met Samandriel.” He turns over the first photograph: a boy just starting on the race through puberty, with a chipper grin across his face and not a single hair on his head. He’s in a red and white striped shirt with a nametag that says Alfie. “We had known each other since we were very young; our mothers went to church together. But it wasn’t until we were both in the hospital at the same time that we really got acquainted.
”Alright, boys, settle down,” Ellen says, giving them all her best mom-look. Castiel is the only one who bristles, the other two just settle down. Dean gives Cas a look. Cas nods.
Sam remembers. The inside of the church seems untouched by the drab, freezing world outside: the ceilings are high and made of archways. Angels kneeling around the altar shine yellow in the artificial light. Candles flicker in the corners. Above the altar is a man in red sitting on a cloud. Something in his stare makes Sam feel very, very small. Beneath the altar, Pastor Jim is kneeling, his head bowed in prayer. Sam feels something rise in his throat.
The door to the men's room slams shut behind him. His lungs feel empty, too empty, and his eyes are watering to the point that the sink in front of him is nothing but a blur. His jacket smells like rain. Violent coughs. His tongue tastes like salt. A mouthful of mucus falls into the sink. He spits. His rose runs; more salt. His knuckles are white on the sink's edge. A couple cold tears start to stream down his cheeks. More coughs erupt. His lungs are empty, his mouth is full. There's a metallic tang coating his tongue, now. The spots in the sink turn red. Air! He needs air. His bottom lip quivers. Air.
They both swallow. The vinegar is bitter and slick down Cas’ throat. It would have burned, save for the thick blanket of mucus covering his insides. So instead, it goes down smooth.
It's well passed midnight by the time Dean sneaks Sam's present out to the living room. Despite having only a burned nub of a tree left, Dean still manages to put his presents under it. There are already a couple presents there, wrapped carefully in old newspaper comics. Outside, it's still snowing; moonlight streams into the window through the white, fluffy haze. Cas watches Dean put the presents under the tree carefully, then rub his eyes and let out a large yawn.
Another gust of wind sends a flurry of yellow leaves up into the air. The colors are muted in the darkness, but Castiel follows them with his eyes until they fall back down to the bottom of Eden. It reminds him of Adra's hair, the color it was before it started to grey just a few years ago.
"Awesome," Dean says with a sigh. The next puff of smoke she breathes directly into his mouth, their lips barely grazing. She rests a hand on his thigh.
The rest of the school day is a blur. Not that any of his classes were horribly academic, anyway. And he's stuck staying after until it's time to pick up Sammy. Jo and Ash left half an hour before, so Dean hauls himself into the library, using the computer to play Tetris. There's only a handful of people around, including a crotchety old librarian and a dark-haired boy in a trenchcoat whom he recognizes from his English class. What's his name? Calvin? Cranston? It's something strange. He tries not to think about it too hard. Fortunately, Dean doesn't have to, since gets a text from Sammy a few minutes later.
He hears a chuckle from up ahead of him, though whether it's from his text, or the fact that the projector was now smoking, he isn't sure.
”Hang on, Cas, let’s go-- yeah, just-- careful now.” Dean mutters, more to himself than to Castiel, as they shift around so Dean can lean his back against the wall with Cas between his knees. Castiel feels Dean’s breathing in his whole body. His head swims, but Dean is there. Solid.
"Buck up," Dean ruffles Sam's hair as he walks past. "He can come back after Thanksgiving." Sam makes a non-committal noise, but he tears his eyes away from the door.
The entire house is dark, save for the single lamp they have on the floor next to them, illuminating the chess board between them. Dean went to bed close to an hour ago, trying to sleep off his inevitable hangover. It wasn't long after that Sam pulled out his chess board, and they've been playing ever since. Cas has one two games already, and there was a draw on the last one.
Sam shakes his head. He scans his bookshelf for a copy of the Bible, his eyes stopping briefly on the newspaper clipping he hasn’t had the chance to hang up.
Dean sighs, giving Cas a long look. "You remember that school back in Maryland? The one we were at for like, two weeks?" Sam squints. He remembers, barely. The school had a bunch of yellow and blue jump ropes in the gym. "Anyway, they had a fund-raiser for cystic fibrosis, and I stole that stuffed bear for you 'cause you didn't win anything."
Castiel's hands are shaking over the call button. He would be much more still if he weren't so worn out, he knows. The vest wound around his chest and the IV drip in his arm don't help. Castiel inhales slowly, feeling the air stretch all the way to the bottom of his lungs. He winces, and dials Dean's number.
It’s an old envelope that’s been creased at least a dozen times, with his name is scrawled across it. He takes it, looking from Jo to her mother.
Cas thinks. One of Dean’s arms is tucked under the pillow, the other falls over his side and hangs there, knuckles brushing the blankets. His whole body loosens when he sighs. Cas lies on his back, shifting his shoulders towards Dean.
Sam goes to hang some of the ornaments on the fridge. Castiel is inspecting a tiny house made from popsicle sticks. Dean finishes putting a row of tinsel over the television, getting tiny silver fibres all over the wood floor. That's when he glances over to his brother and pulls the cigarette from behind his ear. Castiel watches him; he is trying to make his movements subtle, but it's obvious once he flicks his lighter that he doesn't care. Smoke wisps curl out of Dean's mouth slowly, like they don't want to leave. Dean raises his eyebrows at Cas and takes another drag. Castiel is not sure which he wants more: the cigarette, or the boy smoking it.
”Okay.” Dean takes a deep breath, not looking away from Cas. “I’m so fuckin’ stoked to see Charlie!” The buzz in his chest turns to a boil. “I mean, the way money’s been lately, with Sam’s glasses and all my school shit, I figured I wouldn’t be seeing her ‘til at least next summer. And now I get to see her in a few weeks, and it’s just in time for the tournament! Oh man, Cas. I’m fuckin’ thrilled!” Cas only tilts his head. “Shit, right. Sorry, do you know what LARPing is?” Cas shakes his head. Dean catches himself grinning again. “Well you’re in for it now.”
As it turns out, he gets through it better than Sam, who leans back and starts snoring as the action scenes are drawing to a close.
"Did you know the author wrote it when she was just sixteen?" Castiel asks. Dean unlocks the trunk, and they drop their bags. Sam tucks his book under his shirt.
Sam thinks, a cool wind lapping at his neck. He looks up at the sun, swinging low in the middle of the sky, wishing it would give off just a little more warmth. Some white noise from the city floats up to them, honking cars and rush-hour traffic jams.
”Why not?” Sam pouts, defensive. He looks over Dean’s shoulder. “Cas, can you please convince Dean to put his man card away for an
Castiel's hands clasp behind his back as he walks through the kitchen. The glass doors leading out to Eden are ajar, letting a cool breeze blow through the room. Cas lets out a small sigh, and steps into Eden.
“Hey, don't look at me! I gave it to Dean for his birthday!” Jo defends. Ash just shakes his head, disappointed. Dean thinks he hears the guy mutter 'typical'. Which, really, it shouldn't be a surprise any more. Every movie or video game that got handed to one of them was passed through all of them at least twice. Dean remembers his birthday, and wondering why the DVD case looked so used.
”Don’t forget, the Harvelles are coming over after school!” Sam says before slamming the door. Baby shakes in the cold.
"Cas, I can't read this." Sam tells him. "This is in, what, French?" Castiel's cheeks pink slightly.
“Don’t start without me.” He must’ve sounded tired, because Adra’s face appears at the bottom of the stairs, lips pursed and arms crossed.
Dean is being stupid. This is Castiel. Dean’s boyfriend. His best friend. Castiel. A bookworm. A poet. A goddamn angel.
Outside is sprinkled with warm droplets of rain. A shiver ripples through Dean. His car purrs to get started. He drives. The road is long and flat; the trees overhanging the road sway and loom. Far off, thunder rumbles. Dean pushes the gas pedal deeper into the floor. Legos rattle in the air conditioning. He’s halfway to wherever when it hits him that he hasn’t touched the radio. He can’t bring himself to do it now, so he keeps on in silence. Rain splatters on the windshield, immediate and loud. Thunder rips through the sky. Dean flicks his headlights on. A couple cars pass him by going the other way, headlights flaring in his eyes. They’re probably getting away from the storm. Dean huffs. The storm’s all over town, there’s no escaping it. But he can’t tell them that, so Dean drives.
“Can I…” Dean starts, words sticking in his throat. The couch by the window has a coat slung over the back, “I want to work on the car.” His voice is small, barely above a whisper. Nothing else will come out. Bobby pauses, thinking.
If Castiel has children, he thinks, he would like them to be like this song. Carefree, unafraid of rain.
The desks are all lined up in pairs. Jo is sitting with her partner up at the front of the room, so Dean snags the chair a row behind her. She looks him up and down, brows furrowed. Dean just shrugs, he doesn't have an answer to whatever she's going to ask.
The warm air back in the kitchen is inviting. Adra is onto her second cup of coffee. Castiel's gaze lingers on her; there are circles under her eyes and a few strands of hair out of place. A lump sits uncomfortable in Castiel's throat. He holds it until he's up to the second floor bathroom, where he hacks out a cough and a lump of mucus. The bathroom sink is white and shines like it's never been touched. Castiel grips the faucet handle, coughing still.
"Hey Sammy," Dean starts through a mouthful of chicken, "you remember that Thanksgiving out in Michigan?" Sam chews his salad thoughtfully. They don't do Thanksgiving too often, so it's never hard to keep track of when and where they had been. Garden City, Michigan is the home of their dad's friend, Pamela Barnes. She was never a fan of kids, though, so when they went for a visit, Sam and Dean were stuck back in the motel room.
“The bank scene? With his girlfriend? I always thought so.” The man agrees, nodding. “Wait, Castiel. Like the angel? Tight, man. I’m Ru. Well, Rupert, but everyone calls me Ru.”
Ideas run around in his head, some of them more concrete than others. He runs his pen in circles, hoping that the motion will pull the thoughts out of his head and onto the paper. His teeth grind against one another;
Dean stopped in his tracks as he saw his mate glistening in the shower as fresh water rained down from one on the two heads. The shower was indeed large enough for a small party and the stone complimented his lover's rock hard body. He took a moment to just drink in the sight before stepping in and joining his mate. The steam amplified Castiel's luscious scent. Dean reached up and brushed his mate’s wet hair off his face as he leaned in for a kiss.
Castiel poked at his gloppy meatloaf and crinkled up his nose as grease poured from it. The school cafeteria food was definitely nowhere near as good as Ellen’s cooking. He pushed his tray to the side and reached for his apple. That was a safe bet, less likely to make him sick like the mystery meat.
Sam’s eyes widened and Dean gave another sharp chuckle, shaking his head. “I just… Sam, why me? I just presented not even five months ago! I haven’t dated or seen what's out there, I don’t even know if I want an Omega mate or if I want a Beta one and --”
“Of course not,” Dean replied with an over exaggerated wink. “Don’t want you to break character, that’s no fun.”
By the time the movie was finished, so were the cookies and their fourth glass of wine. Cas excused himself to go to the bathroom while Dean gathered their wine glasses and the empty cookie plate, taking them into the kitchen where he quickly washed, dried, and put them away.
He closed his eyes as he reread the words he wrote, then snapped the journal shut before shoving it away. No matter what Doctor Shurley said about anger being normal he would not let sin win again.
“John Winchester!” Mary spun around and shoved her Alpha’s shoulder playfully before crossing her arms over her chest. “You see if I cook for you again.”
The Omega’s legs fell open and Dean rested between them, lazily rolling his hips while he explored Cas’ mouth, their precome mixing and smearing along their stomachs. Dean spread the Omega’s legs wider before kissing his way down Cas’ body, bypassing the Omega’s swollen cock and nipping at his thighs and cupping his ass cheeks with both hands, spreading them apart. He swiped his tongue across the Omega's slick pink pucker, then swirled his tongue around Cas’ rim before pressing in. He teased the Omega’s hole, alternating between licking over it and pressing into it. It wasn't long before Dean fingers joined in, using two to spread Cas open so he could get his tongue in further and chase his sweet taste. As he ran the pads of his fingers over the Omega’s prostate, he was rewarded with a burst of slick coating his tongue.
“Give me a whiskey on the rocks.” Dean clicked his tongue as he remembered the long line. “Make it a double.”
“Thanks, you’re not so bad for a Sea Witch,” Dean deadpanned as he pressed a kiss to her cheek and hugged her tight.
Dean’s face melted with satisfaction as he captured and swallowed the bite Castiel offered with a low moan. The Omega chuckled, his eyes darkened with lust. “Even hearing you eat is a turn on.” Dean winked at Castiel before turning his attention back to his pie.
Sam looked at him, confused. “Well, I’ve always known,” he answered slowly, watching the shock pass over Castiel’s face. “Our parents are told when we’re born what our second gender is going to be. It helps prepare us for things we need to know when our bodies start changing.” He paused, thinking. “Most of the time, babies are born in the hospital and it’s a routine test all new babies get. With babies born at home or whatever, I think they get the test done at their first check up.”
“The last thing I remember seeing as a living being was her lopping off a piece of my hair with the axe and her ripping a blue ribbon from her dress to tie around it. She pricked her finger with the blade, letting her blood mix with my hair, smear across the ribbon, as she said,
“That when the time has come for me to step down, you,” he pointed to Dean. “Will take my place and rule over Atlantis.”
As Jo’s song came to a close, the last lines leaving her lips, she snuggled down deeper into the blanket and smiled as Lucifer put his arm around her, holding her close. She fell asleep with him humming the tune of the song.
“I’m so sorry for your loss,” Castiel whispered nuzzling at his mate’s throat, using his scent to comfort him, to alleviate some of the hurt talking about this painful memory caused.
“I did,” Dean snorted. “But it’s okay, as much as I hate to admit it, he’s family. I’m mated to his brother.”
The drive to the morgue was a little over an hour away, but Dean didn’t mind. He spent every moment soaking up being in Castiel’s presence. God, he had missed the omega’s company so damn much. Whether they were talking or in a compatible silence it didn’t matter. Castiel was there with him, that was all that mattered.
A little over halfway through the movie and Dean was getting antsy. The little red present under the tree was taunting him; he wanted to give it to Cas, and he wanted to give it to him right
in the light of the full blue moon, cried out to their father, Lucifer, and told  the men they  would be welcomed to hell with open arms. By lighting the fire beneath his daughters, they were now Lucifer’s sons,
“Ultraviolet hand stamp of a dragon,” Dean called over his shoulder as he pulled him and Castiel a beer from the mini-fridge. “All the vics had it,” he replied as he passed the omega a beer.
“They are,” Bobby agreed, nodding his head. “We may have to have a better conversation with them about mating. True mates or not, there’s no claiming going on until they’re both graduated high school. True Mate bonds can’t be broken, no matter what happens, and they’re not mature enough to really comprehend how serious that is.”
“And now we wait.” Dean flopped down on the edge of his bed, motioning for Castiel to join him. The omega sat down beside him, and Dean clinked his beer bottle against Castiel’s. “Good job today, partner.”
Ketch leaned in closer, his lips mere inches from Castiel’s ear as he spoke. Dean cracked his knuckles before he turned to Sam and hissed, “It would be worth every damn penny.”
Dean blinked in the darkness, squinting at the sudden night light from the hall shining into his room, seconds before someone fell into the end of the bed and immediately climbed up his legs. Then, the scent of terrified Omega hit him.
“Of course you did,” Dean said with a smile, shaking his head. “Alright, I have some tools in my garage, I’ll fix it up for you. Where are you gardening?”
“Sorry about that.” Castiel shifted in the bed, resting his back against the plush pillows lining the headboard. “But I don’t get it, how did Grayson dose me?”
Ellen raised her head over her mug of coffee, watching as Dean and Castiel shuffled nervously into the kitchen. Castiel’s eyes were wide, his cheeks pink as he stared back at her, taking the seat she pointed at. Dean, however, wouldn’t even look at her and instead, followed Cas’ direction and took the seat beside him.
“Thanks.” Dean winked and snached the container up. The Alpha took a few bites, eating slower this time as he watched Cas sip his coffee. “So,” Dean started as he ran his fork through the pile of whipped cream, “tomorrow's Christmas Eve… Do you have any plans?”
The Omega turned his head to look at Dean. “Did you cut down that tree and get it in here all by yourself?”
“Alright,” Dean nodded, “I’ll meet you back there!” He turned and carried the stool out of the garage, only realizing after he was in his own driveway that he’d essentially invited himself to help Castiel. He stopped short and looked over his shoulder, half expecting Castiel to be staring after him in disgust, but the Omega was humming to himself as he collected the rest of his tools and starting around the side of the house to the backyard.
“I don’t know,” Castiel’s fingers twitched, wanting to reach for the book. “This text isn’t approved by Father Metatron. I probably shouldn’t.”
“I’m studying to be a doctor!” Gabriel spread his arms wide with a smirk. “I was trying my hand at making penicillin.”
“This is all so confusing,” Castiel sighed as he finally looked up from the floor and into Lucifer’s eyes. “Everything is so different outside of God’s Playground. I-I,” Castiel’s voice quivered, “I don’t understand. I don’t know what to do?” He shook his head. “Did you see the way the children were acting when we came in? Alpha Singer or Beta Singer didn’t even bat an eye. Why were we not punished? Are they waiting until after supper to punish us? Why have they not said so?”
What he did catch of the Omegas and unpresented children that were rescued from Hanston, was that they were so… quiet. They were always shown with their heads down, hands in their laps, watching their feet where they walked and only answering or looking up when they were spoken to. They also only wore white, which Dean suspected was a cult-rule thing or something. He made sure Ellen had gotten a few dark-colored band tees and dark jeans for the boys, and had thrown in a few of his old flannels, too.
flat he would have made it on time. Hell, he’d have made it there with time to spare! But after changing the tire, then changing his clothes, there was no damn way he was going to make it by 6am to start on the pies.
“Ah, you boys are something special,” she had said when she turned to them after letting Sam and Dean go, “I just know it. And let me tell you, Missouri never gets things wrong.”
The Alpha took a step closer, his insides howling as the Omega stayed in place. “And what about me?”
“I know, and I appreciate it.” Castiel replied as he squeezed his brother tighter. Gabriel pulled back and gave Dean a reassuring slap to his shoulder before turning and swimming from the room.
The Omega mewled and pushed back, fucking his Alpha’s tongue. Dean groaned against Cas’ hole as the Alpha reached between his own legs and gripped the base of his cock, trying to stop his knot from starting to swell prematurely. The Omega’s juices was beginning to leak down Dean’s chin, slicking his chest as his cock pulsed in his hand and his inner Alpha roared, wanting to be buried in the slick heat of his mate’s body.
“Because,” Jody started as she handed them their parkas. “Dean and Cas had a big day, and now they are due some alone time.”
Dean sat on the stump, staring at the spot Castiel disappeared from. “What the fuck,” he whispered, running a hand back through his hair. He looked around the small space, suddenly not as welcoming as it had been, and caught sight of the small pile of flowers and crown that Castiel had left behind.
be proud of you, no matter what. And if you didn’t already know that,” Triton shook his head sadly, “then I have failed you as a father.”
“Well?” John quirked a brow. “What are you still doing here? Go get that boy of mine and get on out of here.”
The crackling of the fire was a soothing carol to the quiet morning. With a contented sigh they leaned into each other and slowly devoured their pie.
“Yeah? Ya think?” Dean reached up and righted his hat. “Hey Cas, you know the difference between me and Santa?”
The Alpha smirked at his mate as he maneuvered them into the room and shut the warped door behind them with his foot.
“Yes, yes, you are.” Dean reached up and wound his arms around his Omega’s shoulders pulling him down and claiming his lips. The slow and languid kiss quickly turned hot and heated. “Fuck,” Dean groaned as he scented their mixed arousal.
“Well, yeah,” Cas whispered as he took a bite from the half eaten cookie Dean had given him and laid his head on his best friends shoulder. “After all these years, I thought that was fairly obvious.”
She made her way to the kitchen as quietly as she could, not wanting to wake up any of the kids. Bobby had already filled the coffee pot with water the night before, and she hummed to herself as she placed and filed a filter with fresh grounds.
“Well then, by all means.” Dean flashed Sam a wide grin before he tipped his head towards Gabriel. “Take it away, Gabe.”
Feeling braver and more confident, Castiel sped up the motion, stroking them faster and harder. Dean’s cock was thick and throbbing in his fist. The Omega stared down at his mate’s face, at the freckles that dotted his nose and cheeks. He wanted to kiss and count every single one.
Three steps forward and Dean gently laid Castiel out on the mattress, climbing up over him and stopping, just inches of air between them.
The Omega grumbled under his breath but it held no real heat behind it because Dean could tell his mate was fighting hard not to smile. The Alpha glanced over his Omega’s shoulder and saw the folder paper hanging from an orange string wound around one of the gate’s posts.
“Not cool,” Dean tried to chide, but couldn’t stop his lips from quirking up into a smile. Yeah, he kinda had that coming.
“I hadn’t seen either of them for breakfast, and Lucifer said Castiel wasn’t still sleeping. I thought maybe he’d gone to wake Dean up and they’d gotten to talking or something.” Ellen shook her head, tossing the fork back down with more force than necessary. “I get to the stairs and all is good, Dean’s bedroom door is open, they must be in there. Well, they sure as hell
“Well then,” Gabriel’s smile grew as he gathered their empty plates, “I’ll let you get back to your date.” He took a few steps before pausing and turning. “Just no handies under the table, okay?” The trickster laughed at their twin shocked looks all the way back to the kitchen.
“I was going to work on some of the body, but it's hot as balls today. Maybe I’ll come back out after dinner when the sun is starting to set, I don’t know yet…” Dean shrugged, trailing off as he opened up the bottle and took a swig. “Figured I might as well start working on tuning up the engine, Bobby got the parts in yesterday.”
Dean smiled and continued massaging Cas’ leg, resting his head on top of Cas’ where his mate was laid against his chest. He closed his eyes, focusing on their breathing, the feeling of Cas’ fingertips making smooth circles against his back.
“No,” Castiel shook his head as he opened the refrigerator and pulled out the pie from yesterday. “Just the excess drool.”
She crossed her arms over her chest ignoring Dean’s remark and pressed on. “But what I do know, is you are not meant to be up here.”
ghosts to take in all at once. Doppelgängers or double walkers, or whatever the hell you called them? Shadow people, ghostly kids, and cooks, most of them just by name alone doesn’t sound very welcoming, so why the hell should we go invade their home?” The Omega’s nose crinkled in thought before blurting out, “And just what the fuck is The Creeper?”
“Agreed,” Castiel replied as he retrieved a pot and pan from the cabinet beside the stove. He poured the soup in the pot and turned it on low to heat before turning and asking, “Can you hand me the bread from the bread box beside the microwave?”
“Twins, sexy twins that make pie.” Dean sighed dreamily before he took a sip of his Coke and cleared his throat. “Are you
“Cas,” Dean warned as the Omega ran his hands down his mate’s chest. The Alpha clutched Cas’ hips and pulled him flush against his body. “Don’t start something we don’t have time to finish.”
“Dean,” Castiel began as he licked the grease from his lips, “your scent, it’s burning my nose. What’s wrong?”
Dean sighed and glanced over at Castiel before launching into his story. “Cas had a nightmare last night, a pretty bad one, so he came to see if I was awake so I could calm him down a bit. We left the door open,
Waverly Hills Sanatorium was an incredibly imposing structure, looking up at its massive five floors made Castiel feel minuscule, like David staring down Goliath. As they approached the building, Castiel paused briefly to admire its Late Gothic Revival style. The old architecture in the brick work, the crumbling stone, and cracked mortar that laid bare because time had forgotten it.
