“Um…” she said, trailing off before visibly preparing herself to continue. “Your brother was offered a fully funded scholarship in 2001, had accepted the offer and was all set to start in September of that year.” The word
He hadn’t been given a gun, just the long machete that currently hung atop his parka in a sheath running half the length of his spine, and the twin blades strapped to his thighs, high enough that getting at them with the parka on would be a struggle. He’d thought the fact that all of the clothing was a dark, mottled brown was an obvious trap when he’d first realized where he was, had bristled at how exposed he’d be, how much he’d stand out against the endless blank canvas of the snowy plane. Headed towards the line of brown tree trunks in the distance though, he could see how they could help hide him instead, help keep him from turning from the hunter into the hunted.
“Dean…” Jim started, but didn’t finish. It didn’t really matter. Dean could guess how that sentence was going to end either way.
could escape. Years of training had ensured that he had kept his grip on his gun even while being thrown across the room like a ragdoll, so at least he still had that on him, he just had to–
The wave of power shattered, falling to the floor and vanishing into nothing, and Sam barely managed to stagger the few final steps into the kitchen as it left him. The doors were open, and he didn’t know if it was because the sun had risen or because he’d destroyed Novikov but either way they were gone, the kids were
He was covering ground faster now, at least, he thought as he picked his way through the woods. There was still snow covering the entirety of the forest floor, bending the branches of trees and making everything sound flat and muffled, but aside from the occasional clearing, deep with snow, it never went any higher than his mid-calf. His legs ached with the effort he’d expended earlier, but he couldn’t help but feel slightly buoyed by how much easier travelling was now as he headed deeper and deeper into the woods. He still hadn’t seen any living creature other than himself, though he had heard the cawing of ravens earlier, letting him know that he wasn’t as alone in the universe as it felt. There’d been the occasional track too, mostly deer, some rabbit, a few he hadn’t been able to easily identify but were small enough not to worry him. The wind had thankfully died down and between that and the shelter of the trees, Sam was no longer forced to walk bent over against the force of the wind, was able to finally stand straight, looking out at the forest from beneath the fur rim of the parka hood with sharp, careful eyes. The hood ruined his peripheral vision, but Sam still couldn’t bring himself to give up the warmth it provided him, instead keeping his screaming instincts at bay with frequent surveys of the forest to the left and right of him, eyes scanning over bushes, rocks, fallen trees and stumps, a careful search for movement, for anything that might be out in the wilderness with him.
some darkly fatalistic part of his mind commented, and he pushed the thought away. He wasn’t there, couldn’t think like that. Not when Sam was out there somewhere (please god be out there somewhere), not when there was still a chance that he could find his brother (please god please god I’ll give you anything). He’d climbed the stairs to the second floor of the rectory with feet that felt like lead, Jim lingering in the kitchen with his books and a half-heard explanation of trying to look up scrying spells. He didn’t think, just turned and walked down to the room at the end of the hallway, and it wasn’t until he was standing in the doorway that he stumbled to a halt, a wave of nausea rolling through him as he stared at the two twin beds pushed to either side of the small room. He could almost see the faded outline of Sam at 5, 13, 17, sitting on the edge of the furthest bed, laughing at Dean’s joke, complaining about the way he spread his stuff out over everything, ignoring him in favour of reading something impossibly dense and boring. For half a second Dean was sure he was about to hear his brother’s voice, that Sam would come up from behind him, shove him into the doorway and tell him to get the fuck out of his way. There’s nothing there though, nothing but silence and dust and cold, empty sheets. Jim didn’t say a thing when he came stumbling back down the stairs, carefully avoiding meeting Dean’s eyes as he headed over to the couch instead, collapsing in an exhausted sprawl. His throat was thick with guilt and he felt like he could barely breathe for it, much less fall asleep, but somehow, impossibly, between one breath and the next, he did.
she said, then looked up and met Dean’s eyes with an intensity that made him lean back slightly on instinct.
The bored front desk clerk took his credit card without even glancing at the name on it, and it was only a handful of minutes more before Dean was once again blinking in the sunlight. Grabbing his bag from the Impala, he walked through the tiled courtyard to the room matching the number on the key he’d been handed. The room, once he got inside of it, wasn’t much cooler than outside, but it was dark, and Dean let out a long breath of relief as his eyes adjusted to the lack of light. Throwing his bag towards the single bed, Dean didn’t stop, just kicked off his shoes and began tugging off the rest of his clothing, leaving them strewn across the floor of the room on his way to the shower. The first touch of cold water against his skin was the best kind of shock, and Dean braced his hands against the wall and breathed deeply as he let the water wash the dirt of the road from his body. As he showered he ran back over what Alex had told him on the phone. It hadn’t been much, admittedly: twelve missing people in three years – though four of those had come in the last month when a family of two parents and two children had disappeared – and local legends that talked about something called
,” Kyle said, trying to push the other boy back behind him. Ryan didn’t move though, just kept his eyes on Sam, steady and unblinking.
“Why, wh–” Dean started, but that was all he got out before Castiel turned back to him and put his hand on his shoulder.
“I don’t even know where to start,” Dean said, voice breaking as he finally acknowledged aloud the helplessness that had driven him to make the almost two thousand mile drive to Blue Earth in two days. “Jim, I don’t… it’s been four
Despite Jim’s reassurances, Dean still half expected to be greeted by a gun when he pulled into the yard of Singer Salvage that afternoon. There was no gun though, no sign of Bobby at all as the Impala came to a slow, rolling stop, the sound of gravel pinging off the undercarriage the only sound other than the low growl of the engine. It was strange, Dean thought as he looked around the junkyard. It had been almost a decade, and there was no way that the vehicles that surrounded him were the same ones that had been there the last time he was at this place, when he was still a teenager, but it somehow managed to still look exactly the same as it had back then. Though maybe the particulars of the vehicles were less important to the sense of familiarity than the worn facade of the house stuck in the middle of all of the rusting metal carasses, the smell of rust and dust that washed over Dean as he shut off the car and climbed out. He shoved his hands in his pockets as he looked around him, wondering where Bobby was. Jim had said that he’d sounded as pleased as Bobby ever did over the phone, when Jim had told him that Dean would be headed his way. That he hadn’t come out at the sound of a car in the yard was unusual, though Dean supposed he might be down in the basement, or further back on the property. Dean made one last slow scan of the yard before checking his gun and heading towards the house, keeping an eye out on his surroundings as he went. He managed to get a couple of meters away from the dilapidated porch before he abruptly became aware that there was someone sitting on one of the chairs. There was a brief second where he went for his gun, before his eyes adjusted to the shadows cast by the overhang and a familiar face finally materialized from the darkness. Dean relaxed his arm, taking in the old, worn cap that he’d swear had been the same one Bobby had been wearing his whole life, the hunter’s uniform of plaid and denim, a bottle of beer held in one scarred hand.
“What the fuck did you do?” he demanded, and Sam stumbled back, eyes wide, hands held out in front of him in a gesture of supplication and surrender, sending the beam of his flashlight skittering over the ceiling.
“Whatever,” he said as the first faint sounds of sirens began to reach the edges of his hearing. “Can we go now?” Merihem nodded, stepping closer.
Sam thought to himself, but predictably that was not the consensus reached by the group. Instead, Nicole eventually split away from everyone else, walking over to Sam as the others slowly stopped talking.
“She still hunting?” he finally asked, looking back up in time to see a sour expression cross Ellen’s face.
“Kyle, chill out,” he said, gesturing to Sam. “Can’t you see he’s just as freaked out as the rest of us?” Kyle glared at Sam.
“I’ll be here all night if you want to have a drink later,” he said, nodding over to the tables and smiling. “I’m sure we’ve both got plenty of stories to tell, even if they don’t involve sea monsters.” Dean managed a small smile as he tipped his beer in acknowledgement.
“Who is Shif– Shifre–” Dean started to ask, breaking off as he stumbled over the unfamiliar name. It wasn’t like any demon name that he’d heard before, and that was just another drop of fear to add to the growing sea inside him. The demon grinned back at him, clearly enjoying Dean’s confusion.
“She couldn’t find anything either way,” she said. “Just what that one guy said. She said she figured he’d just been so freaked out by seeing the monster killed, he was seeing them everywhere.” There was a moment while the table considered that possibility.
Taking a deep breath, Dean turned to the rock, taking a few steps further back. He had no idea what, if anything, this was going to do, but if Alex drinking holy water, dumping it over his head, had helped to slow the infection, there was a good chance that it would affect the source of the curse as well. Bracing himself for what might happen next, Dean sprayed the rock with the holy water. The reaction was instantaneous, steam rising from the rock as it made a horrible, high-pitched noise, somewhere between the screech of a hunting hawk and the sound of metal grinding against itself. Dean couldn’t help but flinch back, an involuntary, instinctive reaction. It continued as a single, unending noise, until finally, as Dean watched, the water finished evaporating off the rock, and the scream trailed off into nothing. Dean took a couple of cautious steps closer, trying to see if there had been any damage to the rock itself, but it didn’t look like there were any marks on the rock to show that anything had happened at all. He splashed some more water, and the rock reacted in the same way, again leaving no damage behind. Dean quickly retreated across the space, until he was standing next to where he’d entered the enclosed space. He stood there for a long moment, considering his options. The holy water was clearly having an effect, but there was no way for him to know if it was enough to break the curse on its own, or if there was something else he needed to do. There would also be no way for him to test if it was broken other than touching the rock himself, and he didn’t think that was something he was willing to do, ever. He bit his lip, then looked up at the rocks far above him. If he couldn’t destroy the rock itself…
“Sure,” he said. “I was just saying that me and Bert was down in Mississippi last month, chasing signs of a werewolf. We get down there though, and find the town all in a flurry because one of the local kids had showed up in the woods with a silver bullet in his brainpan.”
“Could we have done it wrong?” he asked, voice shaking, and Bobby looked down at the instructions again before shaking his head.
“And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that sat on him was Death, and Hell followed with him,” Dean said in a rush of memory, before his mind snapped forward to another memory, far more recent:
“So do you think it’s a ghost? That’s doing this? For real?” Sam shrugged, clutching his backpack tight to his chest as if nervous.
some small, shocked and numb part of his brain thought, and his stomach rolled. Swallowing harshly, he shoved the thought down.
. Sam tried to reach for his powers, but the throbbing in his head was throwing him off, making him dizzy and unfocused. He had a concussion, he realized just in time for the same force to once again plow into him, sending him flying across the room. It wasn’t strong enough to send him into the far wall, but it was enough that when he hit the ground he felt something in his leg snap at the impact, bits of concrete and rock embedding themselves in his skin as he slid across the ground. For a long, horrible moment, the only thing Sam was aware of was the pain suffusing his entire body, and then it was pushed away, flowing out of him not because he chose to push it away but because there was no room for both it and the rage that suddenly burned through him, turning his veins black and his blood to ash as he stood up. He knew that if he looked in a mirror, his eyes would be glowing, and he turned that gaze upon where Novikov’s ghost stood in the middle of the room. He watched with satisfaction as the spectre’s eyes widened, waited just long enough to see the spiderweb lines of power light up as Novikov began to call the energy of the house, of his magic, to him before he let his power roar out of him, less a faucet turning on and more a dam breaking. His power rolled through the room, a wave of fire and blood, uncontrolled, formless, and far, far too much for a single ghost, no matter how powerful. Novikov didn’t even have the chance to scream before he was gone, his spirit ripped apart and scattered into the ether. Destroyed in the truest sense of the word, beyond the reach of either heaven or hell. Sam’s lips curled up into a satisfied smile as he strode towards the stairs. The pain of his broken leg, the concussion, was lost to the power rolling through him, and he let it boil up the stairs ahead of him, flowing through the whole house to where—
Like Alex, like the people in town, her mouth was an open wound, a mess of blood and rot, toothless and mushy with decay that had started long before death. He avoided looking at her eyes, instead scanning down her body. There was a wound on the arm that had been lying beneath her body, huge and tearing and Dean’s mind shied away from acknowledging what it was, what would have caused it. He knew, of course, knew what it meant for what had happened to this family, how this girl had died, what she had seen and felt before death had claimed her. Gently laying her back in the dirt, he went to check the other bodies. The boy was the one nearest to his sister, so Dean checked him first. He was older but still so fucking young, though he was lying face up, so at least Dean didn’t have to turn him over. A quick visual inspection confirmed his suspicions – the boy’s mouth had also turned into a hollow, hungry cavern, though the bite that had infected him had been taken out of his shoulder, his shirt torn and stiff with dried blood. The mother, crumpled against the base of the wall opposite, told a similar story, including the placement of the bite, though it looked like she had been more… chewed on, meat missing from her arm and chest as well as from the initial bite, the source of her infection.
he thought, mind snapping back and forth between what he had just done and what would be done to him because of it.
The father though, lying close enough to the stone that it made Dean nervous, made him move incredibly slowly as he made his way over towards him, was a different story. Alert to any sort of compulsion that might draw him in closer to the stone, Dean edged over to the father, unsurprised to see his jaw too hanging unnaturally wide, his face smeared with the blood of whichever member of his family he’d torn into first. Unlike the others though, there was no bite mark, nothing maring his skin at all, and Dean straightened, quickly backing away a couple of paces from the stone before scanning his eyes back over the gory tableau in front of him.
The snow was dirty with the passing of cars and the general grime of the city. Packed down into ice and half-melted into puddles of slush in turn, turning every step into a treacherous gamble. Dean kept his other senses alert to his surroundings even as he kept his eyes on his feet, choosing each step with care. It wasn’t a long walk, luckily, and he only passed a handful of people on the way there. The night was too cold for many people to be outside and the bars had long since closed. The streetcar rattled past just as he crested the hill leading to his destination. He paused to watch it go by, the few passengers onboard completely lost to their own worlds, staring down at their phones or off into the distance. His breath clouded the air in front of him as he glanced up at the stars before he began walking again, passing by what had once been a garage but was now nothing more than empty rooms, visible through shattered glass windows and poorly nailed boards vainly attempting to protect it against all comers. It was only a few more minutes until he came to a stop in front of a tall rusted metal fence. Glancing around, he made sure that there was no one near enough to see him, slipping through the gate he’d already broken into earlier, locking it behind him. The path down the hill had probably been paved at some point, but the pavement had long ago been allowed to crumble away into nothing, leaving the slope to be freely gouged by deep tire treads, now filled with ice and snow. It was impossible to avoid leaving prints behind him, but there hadn’t been any other footprints in the snow when Dean had first come here, weren’t any new ones now, so he wasn’t too worried about it. He wouldn’t be here beyond tonight anyways.
“He never showed up,” she said, voice apologetic. “Didn’t check in to his dorms, didn’t register for classes, nothing. His student account was closed when we couldn’t get ahold of him by December–” Dean stopped paying attention to what she was saying after that, head spinning as his heart pounded, jackrabbit fast, fear and confusion swirling through him.
“Is something wrong?” he said, fingers flexing against the rough denim of his jeans. Vicky looked between him and the computer screen, clearly hesitant to give him whatever information she’d found. Dean’s mind began to flick through all the possibilities, most of them things that he didn’t want to even consider, things that couldn’t possibly be true because surely he would have known, would have sensed if if something had happened–
“This is an Anglican church you know,” he said, voice mild. Dean finally straightened up, raising his head to meet Jim’s eyes.
“Which one of you is it?” Sam said, voice harsh and unwavering, somehow managing not to give away the mess of fear and regret churning inside of him.
“I can call him and let him know you’re coming,” he said. “But I know he’ll be glad to see you. And I think he’s your best bet, for figuring out how to begin to find your brother. And your dad,” he added as an afterthought, and Dean fought not to bristle at the slip. Jim wasn’t wrong. His father had been–
“I didn’t say anything,” she said, but leaned in and whispered, “but maybe I won’t bother to make up the cot after all.” Dean glared at her, but she just laughed at him. Straightening, she headed away to where a man was now standing nervously at the other end of the bar. Dean watched as Ellen spoke to him, taking in the way the man was standing, his eyes skittering over the room around him every few seconds.
Sam thought again, remembering that suspended space that the ghost had held him and Jason inside. Time was far less rigid, and far more malleable, than most people thought, and Sam couldn’t believe he hadn’t noticed Novikov playing with it, playing with him. He forced himself to take a staggering step away from the wall. He had to get upstairs
“Sancta Maria, Mater Dei, ora pro nobis peccatoribus, nunc, et in hora mortis nostrae,” Dean said, keeping his eyes fixed on the face of the sacrificial son.
“He wasn’t there,” Dean said, and finally looked back at Jim just in time to watch as the pastor’s brow furrowed in confusion.
“We should check the other doors,” one of the girls interjected, and that suggestion managed to draw the attention of the whole group. There was a long moment of silence as the teenagers glanced nervously at each other. When no one argued, the girl who had spoken turned and led the way back to the main room, long white braids almost glowing in the darkness as they swung behind her. The other girl rushed after her, speaking to her quickly but under her breath, not loud enough for Sam to catch it. There was a confusion of arguments and hushed speculation as they dispersed through the main room, half the teenagers still eyeing Sam nervously even as they grabbed lamps and flashlights from among their backpacks and sleeping bags. They only hesitated for a moment though, before they all headed off without any further discussion. The two girls went off as a pair, but two of the boys went off on their own, and Sam couldn’t help but stare after them in shocked incredulity.
“Hey!” someone yelled. The voice was loud, meant to startle, so Sam made himself jump, swinging his flashlight wildly over to where the group of kids were now standing, stopped at various points down the length of the staircase. Both of the girls, the closest to the top of the stairs, looked scared, as did one of the boys, though the one standing at the bottom of the stairs, and the one heading down to join him just looked pissed off. But Sam could smell the fear undercutting the mask of bravado and anger on both of them, and he fought the urge to sneer at them. All that fear, and they didn’t even understand what they actually needed to be afraid of, what the real dangers were to them. Sam barely managed to get out a startled greeting in return before the boy at the front, one of the angry ones, was speaking over him.
“No, you’re all good. Dean…” Ellen trailed off, clearly changing her mind about what she was about to say. “Be careful,” she finally finished, and Dean nodded, rapping his fingers against the bar top and making a face when they came away sticky.
“Maybe that’s not what we need to look for though?” Ryan interjected. “Maybe there’s something else that could help? Something left over from when Drahomir was alive.” He glanced at Sam, clearly needing validation. Sam nodded.
For his part, he didn’t bother even making a gesture to follow after any of them – after all, he knew what they would find, and since Kyle had apparently elected to stay behind and stare at Sam with open hostility and suspicion, he figured it would probably be better not to disappear from his sight quite yet. The slow build up of the lie, the creation of a fragile trust and sense of camaraderie was fun and all, but he was also on a deadline, and the faster he could get these kids to stop seeing him as a potential threat the better. It wasn’t long, anyways, before the kids began to return, all frightened expressions and jumbled explanations of blank and empty walls: no windows, no doors, no nothing.
Dean thought bitterly, but he didn’t say anything more, just nodded and turned and headed back to Alex’s truck.
Despite his lecture to himself, Dean still went to sleep that night with a tight clench of nerves in the pit of his stomach, the foreboding feeling of something being wrong making sleep difficult to find. He woke up early too, blinking awake after far too little time spent asleep, the grey pre-dawn light just barely visible through the gap in the curtain, his eyes gritty and blurry with sleep. He rolled over with a groan, burying his head in a pillow, but after lying there for another hour he gave in to the reality that he wouldn’t be getting any more sleep. Instead, he dragged himself out of bed. If he was going to be awake anyways, he could at least go get some food and head out into the desert before it got too hot out. Stretching with a groan, he picked up his phone, not realizing just how much he was hoping to see a message from Alex waiting for him until the disappointment of the blank screen – no texts, no missed calls – crashed over him. Swearing, he tossed his phone down before getting up, pulling on his standard uniform of jeans, heavy work boots, a shirt, and a plaid button-up on top of that. Gun in the waistband, knife in its sheath, Dean decided to walk over to the diner he’d gone past the day before, just past the old church, and see what they had in the way of breakfast. The air was still cool when he let himself out of the door, and he felt himself settling more and more into his skin as he walked, breathing deep and letting the silence and stillness of the early morning centre him, drag him into complete alertness despite his exhaustion. He nodded to the priest who was standing just outside of the church, waiting for his congregants to arrive. The man nodded back to him, watching Dean walk past with curious eyes.
and sat up with a gasp, hand clenching around a gun that was no longer there, sheets pooling around his waist. Beside him, Kateria made a small noise of protest but didn’t wake, settling deeper into the pillows as Dean’s wide, scared eyes passed over her body to the rest of the room. There was nothing there, just shadows and the sounds of Dean’s own ragged, desperate breaths. He reached beneath his pillow and grabbed his gun, his real gun, the difference between it and the dream version of it obvious only now that he was once again holding the real one, cold metal a comfort against his skin as he slid out of bed. Naked, he silently crossed the room, slipping out of the door to search the rest of the house.
the message read, the cut of the words messy and jagged in a way that made Sam curl his lip. Sloppy, but at least he was now certain he hadn’t been the one to kill her. He sighed, let her fall back onto the bed with a heavy sound. He rose, looked down at her for a long minute before turning and heading back to his backpack. There was no point doing anything about the body – someone else would find it eventually, and he had no desire to deal with the police today. He had other things to do, other places to be. After all, that message had been clear as anything.
“Dean,” Jim said, voice warm, and he tugged Dean into a hug as soon as he was close enough to do so. Dean smiled at the familiar gesture, so alien to so many of the other people in his life, and returned the gesture easily.
. Fear turned his breath ragged as he limped into the front room, the pieces of broken bone in his leg grinding against each other with every step. He took in the abandoned sleeping bags, the knocked over lanterns. He didn’t pause, just kept going towards the front door. He didn’t know how long he had before the cops showed up, but he didn’t want to be anywhere near the house when they did.
“Yeah,” she said, “I could have.” Sam rolled his eyes, but had to fight the urge to smile back at her. The thought of why she would have felt the need to warn him quickly cut through the amusement, though, and he carefully met her eyes when he spoke next.
“Lied about what?” he asked. Sam had lied about a lot of things, back then. It had maybe been the worst part of that night, the fight with their dad: the realization that Sam had hidden this from him, hidden the fact that he was planning on leaving Dean, for good this time.
“Sorry,” Sam said, making sure to make his voice waver slightly, keeping his eyes open wide. “I didn’t… I didn’t think anyone else would be here. I was just…” he trailed off, glancing around nervously. The other kids had made their way off the stairs, and were now approaching him as well. One of the girls stepped up next to the two boys attempting to intimidate him.
“What, you couldn’t just make your own?” the demon asked, looking back up at him. “What’s the matter Dean? Too much blood on your blackened soul? Not quite sure you have the juice for it?” Dean ignored the jab, at least outwardly. It’s not like he would tell a demon that the last time he’d tried to make holy water that it hadn’t worked, that he didn’t know if that meant that he’d completely given up on God or that God had given up on him. He’d never even fucking known if he believed in God, just knew that the prayers and rosaries worked and made holy water and demons screamed when you poured it on them, and that was all he had needed to know. And maybe that was the problem, really. When a man claiming to be an angel had shown up in his dreams and cracked his understanding of the world so bad he was still trying to right himself months later, faith became a far slippier thing than it had ever been before.
“Yeah,” he said, voice flat as he continued to stare down at the map. There was a moment of silence, but when Dean didn’t look up, Bobby began the chant again. Sam’s name stood out even more awkwardly than John’s had amongst the mess of vowels and consonants that made up the chant and by the time Bobby reached the final line, Dean had stopped breathing entirely. He watched as Bobby struck the match, holding it and the bowl above the map, so tense he thought if anyone touched him he would shatter into a million pieces, never to be repaired. The match dropped from Bobby’s fingers, spinning through the air before hitting the herbs with a muffled surge of heat and consumption, the copper metal of the bowl reflecting heat and flame back on itself as the mess of ingredients ignited completely. Dean’s eyes travelled from the bowl to the map, his breath catching in his throat as he saw flame begin to lick at the edges of the map, watching as the flame slid across the map leaving behind–.
The sun was low in the sky by the time Sam found himself standing outside of the house he’d seen in his vision the day before, the air cooling around him. He had no real sense for what time it was, but he figured it was probably sometime after five. He’d had to walk for almost four hours after leaving the train station behind him, and he was glad that he wouldn’t have to retrace his steps afterwards, the maze of look-alike suburban houses difficult enough to navigate once. He had a second of doubting if this was even the right house, but when he poked at the memory of the vision in his mind, the ghost of it floating in front of his eyes was a perfect match, from the small toy truck abandoned by the front sidewalk to the slightly crookedly hung house number. He briefly just considered walking up to the front door and trying to talk his way inside, but quickly dismissed the option. If he’d gotten here sooner, or if he’d stopped to do laundry, to shower and shave, he probably could have managed it. On his good days he could still summon the aw-shucks boy-next-door persona, the one that led strangers to trust him despite his height, despite the scars. This wasn’t a good day though, and so Sam headed towards the back gate. He glanced around, making sure there were no eyes on him before he quickly scaled the fence, landing easily on the other side. He headed around towards the back of the house, making sure to duck beneath the view of the windows as he went. There weren’t any lights on in any of the ones he passed on his way towards the backyard, but there was no point in taking unnecessary risks, not when he was so close, not when it’d be done so soon. There was a light on at the back though, and Sam pushed his body flush with the wall, edging closer and closer until he was able to peer in. He found himself looking into a brightly lit kitchen, the dining room visible just beyond. There was a woman there, blonde and petite, putting plates down on the table as a small child did his best to tangle himself in her legs and– there. Brown hair, blue eyes, saying something to the woman to make her laugh as he takes his seat.
“Oh,” Rick said. He looked disappointed, confirming Dean’s guess about why he’d come over and asked Dean about John.
“Is that… what is that?” he asked. Castiel looked strangely… embarrassed? as he looked away from Dean.
“I fucking will wound you,” she said, pointing her finger at him as she walked back to the other side of the kitchen. Dean watched as she stalked past him towards Raoul, who was actively ignoring both of them, leaning against the counter and doing something on his phone. She pulled her notebook out of her pocket, quickly rattling off an order to the other man. Raoul didn’t even look up from his phone, but Katerina just kept staring at him until he finally heaved a long sigh and pushed himself off the counter, pocketing his phone and walking over to the fridge.
When the GPS told him he’d arrived at his destination, Dean allowed the truck to drift to a slow, grinding halt, peering out at the landscape surrounding him. There was a rise to the east of him, a ragged outcropping of rocks marring the otherwise predominantly flat landscape, and to the west a countering dip, the ground slipping downwards and out of sight, rising back up far enough away that Dean could barely see that what continued on was just more desert. Climbing out of the cab, Dean landed on the ground with a puff of dust. He looked back and forth between the rocks and the valley, before looking ahead, towards where the straight flat stretch of desert he’d been driving across just continued ever onwards. There was nothing on the map, nothing that he could see on the ground, that would indicate which way he should go. Grabbing one of the bottles of holy water, Dean arbitrarily picked the outcropping, dust rising behind him as he cautiously approached. The desert was silent other than the fading tick of the truck’s engine cooling behind him, the cry of some bird in the far off distance, the sound of the wind and the crunch of the dirt beneath Dean’s boots. As he got closer, Dean noted with some surprise that in the shadows of the rocks there were more plants growing, not just the familiar cacti and maguey plants he’d become used to over the last couple of days, but ones that needed actual water to survive. He registered that thought at almost the same time as his nose picked up the smell of water, and he remembered that Alex’s jeans had been caked with mud. He swallowed, heart rate picking up in readiness. Shoving the bottle of water into his pocket, he drew his gun and continued forward even slower.
“Go bother someone else,” Katerina said, but Dean could see the smile threatening on her face. Still, he pushed himself up and away from the door, gesturing between the two of them as he walked across the room.
With Dean's words, Cas slowly pressed into him. Cas's lips parted, eyebrows knitting together at the feeling. It was better than anything he had ever experienced before in his life.
Cas nodded, withdrawing his fingers from Dean, who whimpered at the loss, suddenly feeling so empty.
His grip was strong, but his pace was agonizingly slow. Dean attempted to fuck into Cas's hand, desperate for more, but Cas held him down, giving him no room to move even an inch.
Dean's hand moved to cup Cas's jaw, their eyes locking, his thumb dragging across Cas's bottom lip. "Castiel... Please fuck me." Dean's voice was low and quiet, filled with wanting. He had once said that praying was like begging, and he didn't beg.
Both were tired but not ready to sleep yet. They wanted to stay in this moment for as long as possible, what felt like their own little piece of heaven.
Dean's hands worked their way under Cas's familiar trenchcoat, pushing it from his shoulders until it dropped to the floor with a soft thud.
Cas shuddered, locking eyes with Dean. "You feel so good, Dean. So fucking good" The angel rarely ever swore, only doing it during moments where he can't control himself,  moments that really meant something.
Cas sighed contently, head tipping back, his bottom lip caught between his teeth. God, Cas looked beautiful. It was a sight Dean had wanted to see for years.
Cas pulled away slowly, his forehead resting against Dean's as he ground his erection down on the other man's, enjoying the quiet gasp it elicited from him.
Dean made quick work of unbuttoning Cas's shirt, his lips following close behind his hand, marking Cas's skin with dark love bites.
When Dean gasped, groaning out "Oh my God, Cas...", his knuckles turning white from gripping the bed so tightly. Cas knew he had found it.
Dean was nearing his end, the heat pooling in the pit of his stomach becoming almost too much to handle. He craved release but never wanted this to end.
Dean's fingers weaved into Cas's short hair, pulling his head down towards his neck, where Cas immediately got the message and started covering his pale, freckled skin in dark hickeys. Noticeable ones. One's that Dean couldn't cover up. One's that proved Dean was his.
"Please what?" Cas kissed down the collum of Dean's throat, his hands holding Dean to the bed, leaving him completely at Cas's mercy.
The next few minutes were a blur. Cas got up and retrieved a warm cloth to clean Dean up with, Dean giving him a dopey lovestruck smile and finally, just laying side by side, limbs tangled together.
Cas cupped Dean's cheek, pulling him up and forcing him to make eye contact. "I love you, Dean" His voice was solid and earnest as if there wasn't a single strand of doubt in his head.
Cas pressed a dry finger against Dean's hole, not pushing in as not to cause any discomfort but just resting it there, rubbing gentle circles around the rim.
"You're sure?" Cas whispered. He was fairly certain of the answer, but he wanted to check in anyways.
Suddenly Cas's hand was gone. Dean's eyes were closed, but he heard Cas open the drawer and grab, what he assumed, was lube and a condom.
Dean threw his head back on a pillow and let out a moan, a high-pitched pathetic noise, and one much louder than he intended to.
Cas's words and the intense, unrelenting feeling of his cock inside him, battering against his prostate with every thrust, sent him over the edge.
Dean nodded. "I am so ok right now. You don't even know" He chuckled, which turned into a breathy moan as Cas shifted his hips. "You can move, Cas... God, please move."
This only encouraged Cas more as he slowly began to fuck Dean with his fingers, continuing to draw whimpers and moans from his throat.
Cas could feel the outline of Dean's hardening cock against his thigh, arousal coursing through his veins at the realization.
Dean's hands clinging to Cas's shirt, almost as if he's afraid that if he lets go, Cas will disappear.
Dean felt as if Cas's deep blue eyes were staring right into his soul, reading every thought, everything he had ever wanted.
"I've wanted this for so long, Cas," Dean whispered, pressing his forehead against Cas's. "Wanted you for so long."
Dean melted into his touch, breath catching in his throat. He had wanted this for so long, wanted Cas for so long, and finally, he was here, and he wasn't going to leave.
Cas wasted no time in wrapping his hand around Dean's cock, stroking slowly as a choked groan escaped the other man's lips.
Cas collapsed on top of Dean, careful not to put his full weight on him. He pulled out slowly, Dean whimpering at the loss.
Cas revelled in the sound, his thumb swiping over the tip to collect some of the precome that had beaded there.
Finally, finally, after years of pining, years of stolen glances, years of longing, they were bare to each other.
This sparked something new inside Dean, desperation like he'd never felt before, a desire to rip off his clothes and feel Cas everywhere.
Dean's legs crossed behind Cas's back, his ankles digging into his ass cheeks, pulling Cas impossibly closer.
thing about our lives, I couldn’t make a difference between what was Chuck’s doing and what wasn’t, you know.. I just couldn’t. How was I supposed to know if it was real or not, Cas, if
“Dean.. are you alright?” Sam asks when his brother has returned to his stare-off with the asphalt. “You know, you can talk to me about it..” He tries not to sound too worried, since that tends to set Dean off rather than help him, but it’s difficult when Sam can clearly see how much Dean’s struggling, hurting..
The clock keeps ticking, the wheels keep turning, and the nagging sensation Dean’s been having ever since..
. He chooses to focus on it, and while thinking it’s indeed very stupid, he still wishes for that particular star to be Cas. Envisioning it to be him, he tries to speak the words he’s been wanting to say to the angel for way too long.
Cas is silent for a moment, thinking of what to say, before he tells Dean, once again, “Happiness isn’t in the having, it’s in just being, it’s in just saying it.. but for me, Dean, above all of that, it’s just
The words appear suddenly in his mind, burning forcefully into his consciousness. Dean feels like his knees are going to give out beneath him, and so he finds a bench in the corner of the parking lot to sit down on, to help him carry some of the weight. He leans forward and puts his head in his hands, closing his eyes, and thinks back to that moment, trying to hear it, internalise it, just focus on the
“Yes, I thought that would be obvious,” Cas says in his typical, monotone voice, but Dean can hear him smiling through every word.
might disappear again. Sam looks over at Dean, eyebrows raised, shocked, watching the road as much as he keeps turning to his brother.
“You son of a bitch.. you did it. You actually did it,” he responds in awe. “Now tell me where you are so we can come pick you up and bring you home.”
“No, it’s okay, Dean, I’m okay. You don’t have to say it.. I- I heard your prayer.” And it does bring Dean comfort to know that he doesn’t have to do that entire speech one more time, but he also doesn’t want to leave anything unsaid, anything unspoken between them. Not for a second longer.
“Maybe we could stop there and get something to eat?” Sam points out, as they pass by a road sign guiding them towards a diner a couple of miles ahead. “And I could drive for a while, Dean. You need to get some sleep too. I know you haven’t gotten much lately, but driving constantly isn’t going to fix
And it all comes crashing down, as if a huge looming wave has been waiting to crush him. Like it was his destiny to be pushed outside the eye of the storm. The emotions, the memories, the
to be. They sit by a table with three seats, and Dean can’t help but imagine the third chair being taken by something, by someone, who isn’t there. He keeps staring at it, as if that would make a difference, as if he could will
name. “I can’t.. I can’t do this, man.” He looks up at the sky for some kind of comfort, and finds that it’s filled with stars. “I- I need to tell you something… Something I didn’t get to say before.” He sniffles, trying to gather his thoughts, waiting for the world to stop spinning, when he sees a certain star. A more prominent one than the rest. It’s almost..
Dean looks around the parking lot, for something to do, something to throw, or punch, or break, but there’s nothing. It’s
When Dean decides to speak again, he only has time to part his lips before he’s interrupted once more.
They stop at the diner after the short ride there. Dean gets a burger, Sam gets a salad, Dean drinks more than he should, the usual, except it’s really
Dean chuckles. “You know what, Cas? Maybe we’re both just a couple of dumbasses..” He wants it to feel good, saying those words. Not for it to be as painfully bittersweet as it is, and as he realises that, his smile fades. “It’s just.. with the whole Chuck-thing and him controlling all of existence, since forever, every
,” he adds, rather matter-of-factly. Sam usually does that when he thinks he knows what’s best for his brother and doesn’t want to cause an argument. Which Dean is all too aware of. But something about how Sam says it, the choice of words and how he enunciated, emphasised on
..” He quietly sobs, as the meaning of the words etch their way onto his broken heart. “But none of that really matters, if what you said to me was true.. and if that’s the case.. then I was obviously in the wrong.. and I was, Cas.. I was
upside to the dull predictability of suburban homes he thought to himself as he slowly walked down the hallway, making sure to keep close to the wall, where the floor was far less likely to make any noises that would give him away. The sound of cutlery clinking, of the child’s babble, the man’s laugh, was muffled through the wall, and made something strange and forgotten spike through Sam’s stomach. Memory, maybe, though this was a life he’d never had, even before. Guilt, even less likely, a weakness he’d done so much to eradicate.
While his hand was still free, Sam bent over and picked up a handful of clean, fresh snow, putting it into his mouth and letting it melt on his tongue until he could swallow the water. He ate two more handfuls before he brushed his hand off on the outside of his parka and pulled the mitten back on. Looking around himself, he decided to keep heading upwards, towards the peak of the mountain. It was as good of a direction as any other, and the high ground did hold the potential of affording him some perspective that he wasn’t able to grasp while he was still down here, buried within the body of the forest at the base on the mountain. Taking a deep breath, he began to walk.
Dean nodded, thanked him with a smile. The bartender shot him another wary look before nodding in return.
It had been two days since Dean had left Shreveport, leaving only a charred corpse in a disturbed grave in his wake, and almost ten hours since he’d crossed the border at Nuevo Laredo. He’d only stopped twice since crossing the border at five that morning, and the only thing he could think about anymore was the possibility of a cold shower and face-planting on stale hotel sheets. The arid landscape that he’d been driving through for the last couple of hours hadn’t provided much in the way of a distraction from either the heat or the exhaustion, the flat desert interrupted only by scrub and the occasional cactus. The layer of dust coating the Impala had grown steadily thicker the further south he drove, drifting across the road and sticking to the black metal as if magnetized. The only sign of life he’d seen aside from the occasional other vehicle making their own way along the highway were a pair of gavilanes circling in the drafts far, far above the desert – barely anything more than black shadows against the searingly blue sky – and a coyote hunched over at the side of the row, gnawing on some unidentifiable roadkill, watching Dean pass with a wary gaze. Dean figured that the temperature had been sitting around 110º ever since the sun had cleared the horizon, and he’d long ago stripped down to just a t-shirt, long-sleeved flannel and jacket lying scattered across the front seat where someone else might have once ridden. Sighing, he rubbed a hand over his mouth, reaching over to grab the bottle of water sitting on the seat next to him, grimacing as he finished off the warm liquid. Tossing it into the back seat, he picked up his phone next, eyes flicking between it and the road as he hit redial. He turned down the stereo and listened as the phone rang, and rang, and rang, before finally it clicked over to voicemail.
“Okay, 2001, 2001,” Vicky muttered to herself, clicking around until finally her eyes widened in surprise, and she glanced over at Dean before quickly looking back at her computer screen. She shifted, visibly nervous. When she didn’t say anything right away, Dean was only able to resist for a couple of seconds before he couldn’t help but ask:
“You did something,” Jason said, repeating Kyle’s earlier accusation as he pointed at Sam. Sam let his eyes widen, taking a couple steps back and shaking his head.
like that. Eventually though, the woman – María – revealed that Alex had also been to the diner, though he hadn’t been back since the day before, and he had asked her about the cursed spot in the desert. Dean straightened up at that, something that was not lost on the old woman.
“Do what you will to me, hunter,” it said. “It will not change the fact that your precious little brother is already damned. There is nothing that you can do to save him, or to stop what has already begun. The angels are too stupid to realize that they have already lost, and you will be dragged screaming and dying to the pit, where you belong. You can feel it already, can’t you, Dean? The damnation licking at the edges of your soul, your humanity slipping away as you hunt for what has already died, what is already beyond all hope of salvation. When we get to that final bloody day, when Hell rises triumphant and free, the Sword will already be nothing but ash, and heaven will need to find another weapon to wage their doomed war.” The demon’s rage was clear, its voice transformed into a buzzing, inhuman noise, words layering under and over each other as it glared at Dean. He had to fight not to flinch away, the demon’s words pouring out of it without pause like an endless, burning stream, each one landing on Dean’s ears with a weight that spoke of prognostication: a certainty that belonged only to zealots and prophets. He felt like he couldn’t breathe, each word striking something deep inside of him, like a single chord on some impossibly large string, echoing and reverberating through his bones, making him shake as he stared back at a face warped with fury. He still didn’t understand, didn’t know what the demon was talking about, but it felt true in a way that made his mouth dry, his breath shaky and unsteady.
"No! Just no. I'm not into dudes, Cas. he's not- No. He wants a bribe for the list. How do you know his name anyway?" Dean told himself he wasn't jealous, but even he could hear the bite in his voice.
Well, he thought, no pressure. He stepped forward to grab the journal, but found his feet heavy and difficult to move. Still, he pushed forward, grabbing it. As soon as he touched it, his ears started ringing. It grew louder and louder, he could barley stand it. It was too loud. It hurt so badly. It felt like someone familiar trying to reach through though, so he spoke.
He selected that one, and Anna's dialogue popped up "Sounds like someone is crying. I better go make sure they're okay." and she entered the door.
They both said quick goodbyes before Dean was off. He wondered if there were any more strange symbols around the building, so he went up to the fifth floor. He started in 502. Someone had left a birdcage in the middle of the floor. Dean pulled out his Gameboy, which had lit up. And again, when he pressed the buttons, symbol came flying at his face. He'd kept the paper that Cas gave him and drew the new symbol. Dean then went down. He knew there wouldn't be anything on his floor, so he went to Metatron's old place.
He went back to Cas's room, "Hey, dude. Can I have a piece of paper and a pen? I saw this symbol in your kitchen, and I want to send it to Bobby- See if he knows what it is."
So this level was going to be about Ben, Dean figured. He proved himself correct when it loaded on the tiny figure of ben surrounded by mostly bare trees. There were piles of rocks to the left and right that prevented him from going those directions, so he went directly down. Now, the blocked paths were path down and the right, so he went left. The last area had trees more bare than the last two. The upper path, the left, and the right path blocked off, so he went down again. He'd led Ben to Greg.
It was finally the day. Sam's visitation. Dean took Garth aside early that morning and asked if it could be a lunch session. He couldn't stand the thought of Sam seeing him without his prosthetic, but if his brother was anything like him, he'd ask anyway. This way, he could pretend the glimpses he would allow Sam to have were accidents.
"You don't know that. You can't- not for sure. And- And even if it were true, doesn't that make the time you have more precious? It's our one chance to shine before the darkness claims us." during his rant, he stepped close enough for her to reach up and place her hand on the cheek of his prosthetic.
He was more offended than he had any right being, "I'll frighten the children, what about your pal back there?"
Dean stepped away and walked past a field filled with bodies like his. Men and women alike lie dead in this field, some scribbled out, others faded beyond recognition. Their bodies created a circle around a big, bright pink eraser. It nearly killed him to look at, but he walked further. To a folded fortune teller.
"Well, thank you, dear boy. You know, I did once dream of doing so. Once my father passed, I took up the Mantle and continue running the Addison Apartments." he replied.
Well, Dean got his answer. He took the ladder leading down. And saw a stick woman without her body. She was crying heavily.
Dean didn't know how to respond to that, so he just left. He walked next door to Mr. Addisons's and knocked on the door.
Author’s note: I rarely try to tell you guys what to do, but this chapter is heavy and deals with a lot of serious subjects.
He walked forward, feeling slightly ashamed of himself until he ran into another stick woman, her head a square, and her body missing as well.
He stood, his fists on his hips, “One day, I’m gonna marry someone like Cas. Someone who cares. And if I don’t, I’ll never ever get married”
He had to carry on though, no matter how much it hurt, he had a toilet to fix- so he stepped on, using it as a bridge. Each step sunk into the flesh, and when Dean lifted his foot to take the next one- he would see skin and blood stuck to his tennis shoes. It turned his stomach. He was grateful when his feet landed back onto the brick. He breathed a moment, trying to keep himself from throwing up before continuing again. The journey harder now, he'd accidently killed something by just trying to help.
He went back down to the second floor and walked into Charlie's room. Dropping it in front of her without a word, she was so focused that she didn't notice he'd walked in. He plopped down onto her bed, leaning back on his hands.
I've decided to put this story on hiatus. I just have very little motivation to write it right now. I may return to it some day but for now feel free to check out my other works.
Avoiding them, Dean led him to the power line on the other side and made him cut it. He did this for every floor, even though as he moved down there were more and more cultists on each floor.
He never knocked anymore and just walked in. He walked the opposite way of Cas's room to the kitchen, having noticed Jimmy working on the sink. He knew the Novaks had given him a permeant invitation to dinner- he still liked to give them a heads up if he planned on eating with them.
"Dean, please get some rest." She said sincerely as he left. He didn't know why, but he wanted to tell Cas about this as soon as possible, so he headed down.
"So we'll investigate after school. Today is going to be another late day for her, so it'll give us sometime." suggested Charlie.
"Hey guys. So I need a crowbar from Chuck, but he's using it to hold up his shelves and won't hand it over until I tell him you guys will be low-key tonight. Think you can?" he asked.
Dean couldn't help but feel disappointed by how unhelpful it was, but in his experiences ghosts couldn't lie. He sighed, knowing he'd made a promise. Like Castiel tried to do earlier, he moved to the other side of the bed where the machine whirred, taking a deep and reaching for the cord when he heard footsteps outside.
If he noticed the concerned looks Bobby and Cas shared, he said nothing about it. Together, they left the room and walked back towards the other room. Cas unlocked the door, and they stepped in. On the walls were more newspaper clippings about missing people in the town, and saws of various sizes and shape. All of them had coats of old and new blood. Across from the door sat an ominous cooler, blood coating the lid. Finally, further into the room- a machine with many levers- also saturated in blood.
For the first time, Dean didn't know what to say- he'd never been good at the whole comforting thing, but he knew what to do though. He pulled his friend in, hugging him for all he was worth as his best friend sobbed into his chest. Dean ached for him, almost feeling his broken heart for himself. He still couldn't believe that Cas's mom would just up and leave him. Something would have pulled her away. After all, Dean couldn't imagine anyone not loving this boy enough to stay.
Okay, so maybe that last one was from a joke paper, Dean thought. The last nail was empty, but it was making the Gameboy light up. He used it and another envelope with his name appeared. Again, it contained a journal page. Dean wondered why the pages were only appearing to him one at a time, but didn't dwell on it too much. He quickly left again and stepped into 504. Time to visit Ben.
"I found a key to the first room, Dean. We can get in now." Cas said, holding a strange-looking key.
Made sense. Dean had one last question, "Do you remember your last days?" something about asking felt off, but he figured it couldn't hurt.
He pulled it out of his pocket, and sure enough, the light was on, mocking him. Dean walked closer to the stain and pressed the buttons. Suddenly a goat appeared: first bones, then his muscles, and fur. Although most ghosts dean had seen still had their heads, this one's floated about an inch above its body, blood that never landed dripped from its open neck. It "baaa"ed at him twice, then once, and another two times and disappeared in reverse of the way it'd came.
"Yeah, Cas, I'm fine. There are always bigger assholes than Crowley MacLeod. Besides, if I was bleedin' I'd feel it." His dad would be proud that he took the punch like a man, but Cas just looked more concerned. Or constipated, sometimes it was hard to tell with him.
"Dude- why? I have to serve that crap and even I think it's disgusting." Dean wasn't sure what to say, so he stood in silence. "I would tell you... if I could, it's against policy. I could get fired and I kinda need this job right now."
And with that, the level select menu flashed on his screen again. This time he selected the fifth one the text on the screen this time read: "The promptly setting sun interrupted Playtime. In that moment, the young boy realized he'd gone far too deep into unfamiliar woods."
"Hey!" Dean barked, moving to stand in between them, "You don't talk to him that way. Maybe if you took that stick out your ass for once you'd have fun and make some friends."
"Well, I never!" she shouted, her voice shrill, "how would you feel if I asked about your freaky round head? Shoo, go away!"
Dean was more comfortable with this topic, already hashed it through with Garth. "It's not like that. It's not a 'trigger' and I'm not afraid of lunch meat. It's just one of those things where I got into something I shouldn't have, and now I can't eat it. Why didn't you ask Bobby on the way? He knows all the details. "
"I just don't want to make Dean's time here worse. If he asks me to leave it alone, I'll leave it alone. We don't know what home life is like- he has a lot of pent-up anger. There has to be a reason for it." Cas replied.
Warnings for this chapter include: Cursing, therapy session, mention of a dead body, mentions of violence, mentions of trying to take off someone's prosthetic by force, food mention, vague mentions of child abuse, police characters, fat shaming, Metatron bashing, OOC Metatron, murder mention.
"That's okay," he rocked on his heels, "everyone here seems lighter now. I just hope she's happy wherever she is."
"I'm sorry you lost your mommy. I don't know where she is. I just know that Mrs. Novak went to the lake a lot."
"Well, we know where the foul smell came from now." Castiel said, pulling his shirt up over his nose to block out the smell.
She waved him off and stole Gabriel's abandoned lunch, picking at his 'gluten-free, egg free, non-GMO, free range' ham and cheese sandwich.
"Oh, uh, no. Sorry, we just wanted to ask about the bologna, you think you'd be able to tell us where the school buys it from?" That made the man pause in his work and stare at the boys.
Dean could almost hear her thick accent through the game, "We've got a good chance, but it guarantees nothing, child. I think we might have some done it. Ach, I'm just ashamed I let things get this far. Your poor family, I’m sorry that Lisa had to get your wee one involved. If we stop this, their plans won’t come to fruition- they won't be able to perform the ritual for another thousand years."
He was controlling a video game version of what seemed to be a younger Rowena. She had a scarf tied around her neck, something he'd never seen on her when he visited. He led her through the spiked maze, eventually getting to the next part- which was another spiked maze. He did the same as before, and it led to the last maze. In all three, it seemed, he collected parts of a book. It launched him into a cut-scene after collecting the third one.
"Behold!" Charlie exclaimed as she finished," The Super Gameboy Advance!" She handed it over to him.
There was a letter addressed to Dean, though-no return address, no stamp, nothing except his name. Not suspicious at all, Dean thought to himself, opening the envelope. Inside held another journal page. He put in the brown leather cover he had inside his pocket to read later. He went upstairs, taking the bills and placing them on the kitchen table. On the refrigerator was a note.
“That’s right. He waited so long that even God thought he’d forgotten. But Cassius he stared God in the eye and exclaimed so all of heaven and all the earth heard ‘I am the Angel of tears, angel of temperance, I will preside over the death of kings and I will be parton to those overlooked, or those in weakened. Orphan children and the enslaved, the poor and downtrodden, the oppressed and the unjustly persecuted!’ Now, Dean- remember God is all-knowing, so he smiled. Proud of his son and allowed it.”
"Eons ago, we created a Great Hole in the papery fabric of this world. A Hole that contains the cumulative knowledge of all the universe."
Dean rolled his eyes, "Hey, let me in. I'll fix those shelves for you. So you don't steal Jimmy's crowbar again."
Dean didn't want to- in fact, he wanted to turn and run the other way, but he did. He walked closer- and from there he could see a thin zipper running from the top of Metatron's hairline and into his shirt.
"It's nice to meet to meet you Anna, I'm Greg. You must be an angel, you couldn't have come at a better time."
He was soon playing as Cas's mom, which felt all kinds of wrong. He led her through similar mazes as the last level, but these electric ones where Rowena's were spikes. Her level also had buttons he had to lead her to in order to unlock the next area of the level.
There was a moment of relieved silence before Cas spoke up, "The demon- It was here before I was even born. I-I'm not cursed after all? It was all just," his voice wavered and tears filled his eyes," just bad luck? My mom she... she really... really...." he trailed off, crying in the earnest.
"Those sandwiches are fishier than the Kraken's crack," Gabriel stated, "we need to figure out what's in them. Hopefully, though, it's just a bad batch of beef- or goats. I'm just hoping it doesn't haunt us. "
"My dearest one," it read, "day after day, I ache for a glance from you my way. Maybe it is because of that terrible pain that I make myself cruel- or maybe a boy, a young man, my age should not feel such things for one like you. I beg of you, of God, to forgive me of such feelings- I will burn for them, no doubt. I blame you. Your existence is pure temptation. Your--" it stopped there. Who knew a highschool student could write like that.
After a moment of silence, Cas spoke up, "I don't know, Dean, is there any activity on the Game Boy?" he pointed to a bloodstain on the kitchen floor.
Dean picked it up. Again, it had his name on it, but no return address. He opened it and found yet another journal page. He put it with the others and carried on. He left her apartment and boarded the elevator, going up to the fifth floor. He walked into 501 first- just to check it out. On the floor was a broken, empty birdcage on its side. If Dean didn't know better, he would think that the last bird it housed fought its way out.
Dean shot up out of bed, panting hard and reaching for his prosthetic. He felt too bare, too wild without it.
"Yeah!" Ben exclaimed, " That's where we all live. It's just like this side, but a little different."
"Jokes on you, I don't have homework," Dean replied, flipping her off knowing full well he did- and he already finished it. Couldn't look like a nerd after all.
Dean let hope blossom in his chest. The last time he'd seen Sam was before the incident in Kansas, over 20 years, he hadn't even remembered he'd existed.
"You seemed to enjoy it, what's wrong?" That was true. The last few times Dean had visited, she'd go on and on about it, "Did you not like ending?"
After class, Dean stood in the hall with Cas. They were chatting about nothing in particular and waiting for the rest of their group to come join them for a hang out session since school was over.
"Really, baby, again?" She laughed at him again, when he looked up at her with his big, green eyes, apparently affronted. "Alright, alright-you don't gotta look at me like that."
"I'd actually like to help instead. C'mon man, I won't tell anyone- You gotta talk to someone, eventually." Dean was uncomfortable, but it felt like the right thing to say.
The older man spluttered into the phone, gave Dean another warning and hung up. Dean then walked into Charlie's room.
"Teachers don't earn a big enough salary to support themselves on their own, Dean. She probably has multiple jobs- which is why she comes home late." Said Charlie, "Although, when she is home, she can be pretty noisy."
He walked the rest of the way out of the room, and out of his apartment. He debated with himself for a moment on which way to go, before walking into 403. He hadn't talked to Jody in a while, it'd be good to catch up. He walked to the spot where her blood still stained the carpet and used the Gameboy, as usual.
Dean couldn't help it, he laughed, “Forgive him, Ben. He's never seen a ghost before. Cas might be a little shocked, dude."
Another room, Dean hoped it was the last one. He led her through the one directly across from her again. Thankfully, it led to a room without anymore doors. Stood in the middle of the room was Greg. His hands were over his eyes, and he was crying. Dean led Anna to him.
"Good morning, Dean." she replied, sounding tired. It took Dean nearly a year to get it through to her, he's a dude, but she'd been pretty good about it lately.
"It's written on the back there, Gizmo. He's my friend Cas's cat. If Pat ever needs more pictures of that beast, Cas basically has a shrine dedicated to him."
On his way out of his dad's room, he grabbed his dad's gun, just in case. He reached under the bed, grabbing it and something else. It surprised Dean when he pulled out a picture of his mom. She wore a white sundress and a large sunhat. She looked happy. He thought his dad had gotten rid of all of her pictures. He stroked the picture.
He hesitated a moment- and then stepped into the darkness. He didn't know where he was going, but he walked forward with purpose. In the chair sat Metatron again. But he'd lost weight. The large man Dean had seen last time was all saggy skin and sharp bones.
"Where's your boyfriend, Squirrel?" Crowley sneered, as they walked past, "whoring around already? Tsk, tsk, tsk. What would your dear mother say? Oh, that's right, you wouldn't know- because she's dead."
He selected it and the text this time read, "In a moment she found herself somewhere else. Even though Lisa wasn't sure how she ended up here, she knew what she must do."
Everyone else followed Dean to the library. The only times he'd been there had been to gather for group huddles when at least two people opted out. They stood close together and whispered so no one could hear them.
"Huh, yeah actually. He enjoys knowing the names. I'm not gonna ask how you got this, though. You don't seem like the type to own a cat."
The cut scene ended and took Dean back to the level selection menu. He selected the second one. It read:
"Can you answer a few questions first? Then," Dean gulped, "Then I'll do it. I'll... end the pain for you."
Castiel sighed, saddened. "You're right, he's in some vegetative state. Maybe the Gameboy will work?"
But he tried, his feet slamming down on the ground and leaving dark, bloody footprints behind him. As he ran he came across machines, he didn't know what they did, but to put space between him and the monstrosity, he knocked them over as he came across them. It seemed to work when he came across a broken door and could no longer hear the beast. He pushed the door, watching in awe as the pieces faded away.
Dean turned to him "As far as I know, yeah. According to the 5'0 he'd have to plead guilty, anyway. They had caught him in the act. I'm supposed to testify against him, it'll be my first time out in a while"
"Od to what wonk lliw uoy. emit ni delaever eb lliw gnihtyreve." the mysterious voice replied before Dean promptly blacked out, again.
"There are no happy endings in reality, dearie. We all get the same terrible ending... death." Ever the downer. Although he agreed with her, he still argued.
She sighed and ran a hand through her short hair. "This isolation is torture. I miss him so much. Damn, I wish we'd never moved to this place. He wouldn't have met THEM, and Metron would have never.... ugh. It's coming back."
He walked straight to the bedroom and pulled the boards from the door. He didn't want to wait, so he walked in by himself. Against the wall was a blood stained mattress and broken shelves. The Gameboy was going wild, so he pulled it out. Pinned to the Mattress with the springs of it was a tall, slender, black man. He seemed unable to speak as one was in his throat, but Dean still called out to him.
"R--!" it yelled, despretely, then tried again. "--n! R--! RUN!" that time it came through clear as a bell, then disappeared altogether.
"100% beef? That can't be right. Something's wrong." Cas said after reading it and handing it to Charlie.
"Hi-ya, Dee!" The little boy greeted him, an enormous smile on his face. "Have you seen my mommy anywhere?"
"Dad's trial is tomorrow. Is it true he's representing himself?" Sam, ever the lawyer, seemed confused.
"An entrepreneur! In my building, truly an inspiration, a young man. However, I have to admit, I'm quite happy with my life here. I can continue my father's dream and make tea for my tenants. It really is the best of both worlds."
SO life update: My 3-almost-4 year old sister fractured her wrist, work has been so bonkers that I barely have time to write, and I barely have enough to pay my bills this month. Also I deleted the tumblr page. I'll bring it back when I finish the story- for extra lore and stuff.
"Oh, you mean daddy's friend! I like her. She brings me candy, and she's always super nice." That was cute, but not very helpful.
"But I-I," She looked close to tears, thankfully the lights started flickering, a man came up from the toilet. The same way Ben did last time he'd appeared to Dean- first muscles, then skin. He was a tall, red-headed woman. She was crying- near nonstop, definitely more than Ben had been.
"Charlie, you're awesome. While you do that, I'm gonna this baby for a test drive." He shook the Gameboy in his hand.
"I've been curious for a while, actually. Why are you running apartments? Everyone seems to like your tea, seems like you'd make a killing in town."
"Hey this isn't a good time," she called out. Ignored, Metatron bust her door down, "What the hell has gotten into you?!?" She cried.
"A ghost goat, apparently. That shouldn’t surprise me, but that came out of nowhere. I should probably let Charlie know this thing can bring in ghost animals." Dean replied. He shot her a text, taking long enough for both of them to calm down.
She turned away from her computer, concerned. "Dean, nothing like that happened. Are you okay? Did you get enough sleep last night?"
"Chuck borrowed our only crowbar and hasn't given it back yet. I've gone up and asked for it multiple times. Maybe you can get it from him?" Cas suggested with a shrug- another thing he'd picked up from Dean.
Dean let out a long-suffering sigh "If I talk to them, and get them to be quieter, can you give me the damn crowbar?"
"It's for the best, honestly," he shook his head, "the things that go on here- well, they keep me up at night. I'm so afraid for my son and I. I've tried begging them to stop, reasoning with them just doesn't work and I'm reaching my wits end."
"I- I'd love to give it back, Dean, really I would," he sounded like he was begging for his life, "b-but the kids next door keep knocking my shelves over- it-it's the only thing holding them up right now."
"Class is almost over, everyone hand in your papers, please." She announced right before the bell rang.
"Oh, I didn’t for you to see that yet. It's a portable amplifier with custom effects that will be on your guitar. Unfortunately, you'll have to wait. I'm still expecting parts in the mail. Besides, we have more important things to focus on right now. Are you ready?" she asked.
"It'll protect you from evil in this world. You don't have to be afraid, as long as you have it." He put it around Ben's neck and the screen cut to the level select menu again.
"You mean the old hag who lives past the field of death? Just take the ladder down. It's always a ladder down."
Dean had only taken a bite from it before spitting it out into a napkin, "You guys know I'll eat pretty much anything, but this? Ugh. It smells rancid and tastes worse."
She immediately stopped all movement, "Me? Oh, yeah, no. I'm good. It's just one think to read about ghosts and a whole other thing to experience it!"
"How'd you- No, Pat doesn't see 'ugly' he just likes cats." he rubbed the back of his head, "he's actually been sick lately. Poor kid could use a pick-me-up."
Ben shuffled in place, and rolled his eyes towards the ceiling, thinking, "Ummmm", he said, "Just that she was nice and brought candy... Oh! " he remembered, "And my mommy didn't like her so much, but I don't know why."
He stepped through space, the only difference between this one and the last one was the blue and white faded tile floor he now stood on. The disembodied head greeted him again. Although this time, it flickered between a human face and static. The purple, yellow, and blue flickering and making features clear when they appeared. The face looked more and more like Cas's mom. Although, it seemed, she'd given up on words, spouting random numbers at Dean instead.
The stories lined up, Dean thought, before Charlie continued, "It gets weirder, Dean. There was an update to the report, made a day after they filed the original stating that they’d found Ben dead in Wendigo Lake says they'd been fishing and he fell into the river-along with his parents."
"Ugh. Whatever. I have other stuff to do." Like call Bobby and let him know what was going on- and grab the Super Gameboy from his room.
The one furthest from him, CJ spoke up from his wheelchair "Little dude, we've, like, totally got you. We can be low-key, right, guys?"
"Eyes on your own paper, Fergus MacLeod." Dean hadn't even noticed he had turned around, but he glared at Dean, then scoffed and turned back in his seat. Scribbling answers harder than he’d been before.
Huh. Dean and Gabe walked back to the science lab, hoping Cas had forgotten about his tone earlier. When they arrived, Dean handed him the label silently.
"Goodbye, Dean." and then she disappeared. He felt weird in this room by himself, so he left and headed up to 504.
"There's no trace of the officers that were here when you moved in either," Charlie explained, "not even in classified police records. It's like they don't even exist."
Dean pulled it out of his pocket again, walking up to Mr. Carrigan, the light going crazy. He pressed the buttons, and from the man's chest, a dark, formless... thing emerged. Dean wasn't sure what to call it. It scared both boys when it spoke.
He was Dean, but he wasn't. It didn't feel right at all, but he walked forward. In front of him stood a stick man, just like him. Someone had scribbled out his face, though. When he tried to speak to him, he received screeching instead. Okay, then.
"I understand, I lost my parents to the big factory fire last year. I can't stand to see such a kind soul so upset, so if there's anything I can do to help- please let me know."
Dean flipped it, and the lights came on. Walls on both sides blocked the hallway off, so he climbed up again. And found himself in the same situation- ladder and another switch. He flipped it and carried on. The last hallway didn't go up, so he just flipped the switch and celebrated when he heard rushing water.
Sam shrugged, taking a bite of his salad. "I tried. He wouldn't tell me. Said it was your story to tell. Oh, but he asked me to tell you that Charlie is still the same through I have no clue what that means. Who's Charlie?"
"Hey, Dean. No, sorry, hon. I don't mean to sound ungrateful, though. I'm glad that demon’s gone. It's just a little... hopeless here. Anything new going on in the world of the living?" She still used the slit in her throat to talk, but Dean had gotten used to it.
"Oh, uh," he really didn't want to tell the old lady that he was ghost hunting, "It's hard to explain."
Chuck whimpered, but allowed Dean in. The nails holding the shelves up were hardly in the wall. Dean took the hammer resting on said shelves and forced them in. Fixed. He glared at Chuck from behind his prosthetic.
"You could always sell? There's got to be someone who you'd trust to take good care of this place. And you could pocket the profit to set up your own little shop." Dean suggested.
The next day, Jo, Benny, Cas, Gabe, Charlie, and Dean sat around their lunch table, Dean with his prosthetic half unclasped. He'd eaten everything except his sandwich and Cas, Gabe, and Jo had done the same. Gabe brought his own lunch, Charlie had gotten a salad, and Benny chowed down on his sandwich with no reserve.
"I-" Dean didn't do the whole reassurance thing well, "I just want you to know that I understand. To be afraid, that is. And want to hide away from the world..." Dean carried on, he didn't know why, "And if you ever, I don't know, want to talk, I'm here for you."
I'm going to have a few chapters written in advance, just as a cushion to myself- but things at work are picking up, so after chapter 4 things might get a little wonky.
"Don't worry, bud. I'll get it. Why don't you look around- see if I missed anything?" Dean really needed to get on to teaching him how to do this himself, but he just didn't have the patience right now.
"I love you, goobers, but you have to admit the ghost adventures? Bit hard to belive. Anyway, are we really letting this Cole thing go? Cassie, you're usually much more protective of our little Dean-a-reno here." He stood on his tip-toes to put his arm around Dean's shoulders.
"Ugh. You and your little friends are abominations, crimes against God." Crowley replied, Dean guessed he was still going to be a dick about it.
Almost as soon as the words left his mouth, she dropped from the noose and her body split in half, with a black, smoky mass coming out from her discarded body and screeching at him. Dean blacked out again, and when he came to, Cas stood in front of him, hands on his knees and panting hard- a strange device in his right hand.
She appeared like she normally would, and Dean thought she looked more relaxed than she had last year.
Dean sent a thanks over his shoulder as he bundled up. He headed out into the snow. It bit harder now that he didn't have anyone to talk to. The snow crunching beneath his feet seemed louder. And the climb up the ladder to the treehouse seemed longer. Dean felt he was being a little dramatic, it was just a treehouse.
"I don't like you kids looking into this on your own. Where's dad? Or any of the other kids’ parents?"
Okay, maybe he took it too far. But honestly, the dude deserved it. Dean's ears were still ringing, but he could have sworn he heard Cas shout something about an assbutt. Dean would have found it amusing if his face weren't smarting.
If Dean were being honest, he really didn't know how to feel when the toilet suddenly grew 10 feet and sharp teeth and swallowed him whole. Really, it gave quite a shock. He now stood in the sewer, on an elevated, thankfully dry, platform. The liquid flowing next to him was a sickly, glowing green. He looked into it and saw something floating inside. Was... was that an eyeball ? He asked himself, horrified. He decided ignoring the things floating in the toxic waste was going to be for the best for now. He swore he heard a baby crying somewhere.
The next room held three more identical doors, Dean didn't know which to send her through so he guessed and took her directly up. The next room was very much the same, empty, three more doors. He took her through the door directly ahead of her. And again it led through to an identical room. He led her to the room at the bottom.
"We should probably get into those rooms, Dean. Just in case." Cas supplied when he'd finally caught up with his own mind.
The man in the picture was most definitely not Metatron. The cropped blonde hair was the first give away, but the man actually looked healthy. Not like the fat sack Dean had met. Even if Dean had noticed none of that, he would have to notice the clean, button-up shirt that "Metatron" wore in his arrest photo.
Dean walked out and around the corner where he ran smack into Gabriel, who was cradling his phone like it was the most precious thing in the world. In sync, they looked behind Gabe, then at each other with wide eyes when they saw several teachers running from the direction he'd come from. They both scrambled up and booked it to the cafeteria. They separated and sat under tables until the teachers left. Then regrouped afterward.
"Huh. I can't remember much of it. It's like waking from a dream. Say, kid- you know what happened to my husband? "
"He might have, though it's far too late now, I couldn't possibly abandon this place and all of its wonderful tenants. I wouldn't be able to live with myself."
"You're seriously telling me you don't remember the last few seconds? The glitching and explosion of light from your computer?" he asked, incredulous.
"---d m- -- --e m---l-. --e d--- --ll -- b---en, -- -ou -- e----th--g r--ht. --, D---. I b----- -- -ou." it said.
Dean sighed and agreed, knowing that if Cas didn't berate him, Bobby would- for not being thorough. They both traced the walls with their hands, searching for any hidden switch or something. They found nothing until Cas tried to move the hands on the clock and they quickly flew back to 3:14. Dean wasn't sure what to do with that, so he kept walking around, trying to find an answer.
"Yep. Can I get some grub with you guys tonight? Also, didn't the doctor tell you to take it easy?" he already knew the answer to both questions.
"I know," Castiel replied pinching his nose, "We better make this quick, I don't think I can stand this very long."
lying, John wincher's A+ parenting, parent not paying bills, children with guns, parent not buying food, mysterious journal, purposefully delaying missions, hints of character death, ghosts, steven universe reference, ghost children, lying to children, magical shenanigans, descriptions of corpses, cursing, breaking and entering, description of decapitated animal, mentions of dirty diapers, mentions of poop, spouses kept as hostages, spousal abuse, suicidal ghost thing, unsafe gun practices, mercy killing, assisted suicide, killing room, description of corpses with no bones, mention of vomit, mentions of police cover-up, lots of mentions of blood, mentions of a cult, implied forced cannibalism.
Dean went next door, he'd only interacted with the college kids a few times, but they'd told him to stop knocking every time, so he just walked in. Their apartment was pretty bare, just some crates, folding chairs, and tables. Dean didn't mind, it actually seemed pretty cool to him to live with so few belongings.
"That's your only issue? Mrs. Carrigan lives in your apartments. There's no way she can make bologna there." Gabe stated.
Dean selected the last unlocked level, Chapter 8, and the text read, "After learning what Sean had a hand in, Mrs. Mills reached out to a friend for help. They would meet up later that night."
"Well, boy, I ain't seen anything like that before. I'll look into it and you stay out of trouble, you understand?"
religion as written by an atheist, brief description of severe injury, toilet mess, exploration of sewers, body horror of an animal, body horror, severe dehydration, sewers, graphic description of a dead animal, gore, blood, graphic description of a dead body, graphic description of a crime scene
Bobby reluctantly agreed, seeing no other option. They said their goodbyes and hung up. Dean sat back from the checks, planning to mail them off later, thinking about how he could dely the invigation. He could check on every resident? Yeah, he decided, that worked. He stood and stretched, making his way out.
He and Gabe took it as a sign he had finished the conversation, so they walked a few feet away to brainstorm. They spent a few minutes trying to think of something before ultimately giving up and deciding to go look in the dude's file. Gabriel volunteered to go try to steal it- something about wanting to prank the teachers, anyway. Dean used the time to go check on Cas and Charlie.
As she spoke, her mouth opened, not to reveal a tongue and teeth as Dean had been expecting, but an undying and never ending darkness that he felt strangely comforted by.
"Here, man. I still don't understand why you want this but just stay out of trouble, yeah? World could use more kids like you." he handed Dean a piece of paper- a label from a pack of bologna. On it read:
Pretty quickly she was already speaking again, "Dean, whatever this is, it must be pretty important. Not only did it have multiple firewalls, but the contents are all jumbled. Did Cas say where his mom got this?"
They said their 'love you's and the screen cut to black and resumed with Jody now alone in the empty room. "I have to gather some evidence first if anyone is going to belive this."
"She was one of my best friends throughout highschool. Along with Gabriel. She was the one that called the police that night, but it messed her up. Bad." Dean explained.
"I don't know. I didn't feel like it was my place to ask him, and with Cas being, well, Cas, I doubt he would have brought it up with me, anyway."
"I'll try." he said, celebrating at his score- he and Cas had studied hardcore for over a month- even pausing their ghost hunting to do so. He'd earned that grade, and he was proud of himself for it.
"But of course," she replied. Dean got the feeling this was a recurring joke between them. He didn't know how he knew, but he did.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck, uncomfortable. "It's alright, man. Gabe's probably looking at his file now-I better uh, I better go check on him." And with that Dean dashed out of the room, not giving Cas a chance to reply.
His limbs flickered, black and misshapen before returning to their normal shape. It took Dean back to the level select menu again. There was nothing else to play though, so he quit. Although, he now had all the pieces he needed to open the puzzle box, thanks to the game. He opened it and a blank computer chip lay in the bottom.
"Do you mind if I head to the treehouse? I won't touch anything, just checking for ghosts." he asked.
"Dean's been here about 4 years now. Since he was 25. First, he was in addiction and drug recovery, now we're working through his trauma from ages 5 through,," he flipped through his notebook, making sure he got it right, "Well, right before he arrived, just to make sure he doesn't relapse when he's released. Dean's making remarkable progress. He might actually earn supervised release soon."
"Nope. The bologna keeps getting worse. This is our best chance." after a beat where Dean could physically hear Bobby's worry, he spoke again, "I can slow it down at least. Maybe you if you book it you can make it before we get in too much trouble."
Dean decided it was time to go talk to Charlie again. He tried knocking on her bedroom door, but he didn't receive an answer. He could hear her typing though, so he walked in, announcing himself so he didn't startle her.
He crawled into her lap, asking for cuddles without speaking. Peanut butter sandwich in hand. He ate quickly and spoke with his mouth full. "Mama, can you tell me that story about the angel again?"
Dean felt sorry for the author. Whoever it was, they were clearly struggling with something. He felt sorry for whoever the letter was for, too. Someone clearly loved them, but all they got was someone who was mean to them. It wasn't fair, Dean decided. He shrugged to himself. He was glad he'd never have to deal with that.
There were several moments of silence and Dean worried he'd said the wrong thing before the man behind the door spoke up, "... You're... a good person, Dean... A real friend." He then closed his mail slot and ended the conversation.
Everything went quiet, Dean could see the man was still sobbing but he couldn't hear it. "Who's here?" he shouted.
He saw nothing for a bit, and was losing hope before he saw an archway, through which he could see a dark bathroom- the toilet intact. He stepped through hesitantly. He was still a bit frightened of toilets, if he were being honest. While this one seemed normal, he gave it a wide berth- just in case.He heard screaming and a fight, but didn’t open the door until all sound stopped. He stepped back into Mrs. Mills' apartment.
"Little one, I admire your world view. But that's just how things are." She let go and went back to rocking back and forth- this time starting past Dean- at nothing.
Most of the place showed no activity except the kitchen where the light suddenly stared, glowing. He pressed the buttons, like he'd already gotten used to doing, and a letter addressed to him appeared on the floor. He picked it up and opened it, only to see another journal page. Which he placed with the others. Dean searched the rest of the place, but didn't end up finding anything. So he left.
She turned to him with a frown, "I can't find anything on past murders- and I've looked everywhere. The only one that comes up is Metatron, but look at the photo." She scooted her chair closer to her bed so Dean could see the article she pulled up.
"You must learn from my mistakes. Do not take the same path we once did. For everyone you love, everything you are, Dean. We are counting on you. 73 hours. Be prepared. yjw gddgy skoo flg skgy okdw."
He picked up the small radio she kept on an end table in the living room, just to fiddle with it. He changed, flipped through the stations, as Cas attempted to move the clock hands again. Suddenly they both heard a click, as the first bedroom door unlocked. Dean looked at the clock Cas had been messing with and the hands were at 12:12. Dean carefully pushed the door open, immediately freezing.
"Thanks, Castiel. The bathroom is just over there. You let me know if you need anything," Dean nodded and walked to where she'd pointed.
"I have to go." the ghost dissolved completely, the reverse of the way she'd come. The lights flickered, and Dean could have sworn he'd seen yellow eyes staring at him in the mirror. Everything stilled.
She moved quicker than Rowena, but Dean could get through the mazes with little difficulty. The final one led to a sarcophagus, but no cut scene appeared. Instead, it whited out and sent him back to the level select menu.
"Yes, Benny." They all replied in unison, letting him have whatever he wanted of the rest of their lunches.
He knocked on Chuck's door and heard a yelp from behind the door. "Chuck! Open up. They'll be quieter, now - Crowbar." Dean yelled.
On the floor of the Livingroom was a spirit box, giving Ben the opportunity to communicate even if he couldn't or didn't want to appear. Dean walked past it to the bathroom where the Gameboy was glowing. He used it like usual and Ben appeared.
"My dearest one," it read, "day after day, I ache for a glance from you my way. Maybe it is because of that terrible pain that I make myself cruel- or maybe a boy, a young man, my age should not feel such things for one like yourself. I beg of you, of God, to forgive me of such feelings- I will burn for them, no doubt. I blame you. Your existence is pure temptation. Your--" it stopped there. Who knew a highschool student could write like that.
" You can head up without me, I need to make lunch for my Dad, it's been a while since he last ate. Oh!" he exclaimed," you found the missing piece to my mother's first rubix cube. And you completely solved it. Good job, Dean. That one is pretty tough. " The praise would normally have Dean preening, but it felt wrong.
He received a glare because it, which he ignored as he stepped further into the room. Inside were multiple bales filled with dirty adult diapers. On the walls were newspaper clippings overlapping each other, all talking about Mr. Carrigan's death. In the center of the room lay a mostly naked and chubby man- his only covering being a diaper wrapped around his waist. He was hooked into beeping machines that whirred and as they did so, pumped his lungs with air. What Dean could only assume was more human waste stained the bed where he lay on. His eyes stared into at the ceiling blankly. Not registering anything around him.
Please, read the warnings before reading the chapter. While this chapter contains plot stuff, I want you to be safe and take care of yourself. If you find you cannot read this chapter, I will list my twitter, Instagram, Tumblr, Facebook, and email (in that order) below so you can get a TLDR without triggering yourself.
He didn't want to think about though, so he moved to 502. Inside there were newspaper clippings nailed to the wall. He read the titles as he walked past. "The boy that shouldn't be alive.", "Father and Son go missing after crash", "Boy abducted by small blue woman."
"Alright. Well, thank you for sharing in this session, Dean." He glanced at the clock behind Dean's head. "It looks like we're out of time, but I have some good news before the orderlies come and get you. The board approved Sam for visitation."
Cursing, main character death mention, serial killer mention, not trusting the police, parental abandonment, animal death, lucifer, ghost activity, mentions of demons, mentions of curses, snow, character overstimulation, overstimulation of autistic character, nonverbal autistic character,  sick character, bee puns, misgendering cis character, John Winchester's A+ parenting.
He walked forward, feeling the need to get out. It took a moment, but he eventually came across a gap he needed to get across- the only issue with it seemed there was an abomination of a pony in his way. Dried and saggy purple skin stretched painfully over sharp bones- knobby knees stuck out at horrifying angles and the ribs were clear as day from where Dean stood a couple feet away. What Dean could only assume were lips,  barely existed anymore- they were just a thin line of chapped skin and dried blood- Dean could see yellowing teeth. Its green eyes were bloodshot- in the worst way. The wings on its back were gigantic, but balding. Only a few thin feathers held on, but they looked horribly mangled. It looked like once it had a horn, but now in the middle of its forehead was a large hole where it must've fallen off- dried blood decorated the edges of it.
Dean was in the empty, white space again. The same one from before the puzzle box disappeared. It hurt to be here, everything was too bright. The head he'd seen in Cas's treehouse in front of him, speaking. Dean couldn't understand it, but it was more clear than last time. Even the features were more clear. He could see short, blonde hair and eyes so blue they rivaled Cas's.
Dean took that as a goodbye and left. He went to the basement first, thinking it'd be best to check the Lost and found first. He found it there, tucked beneath the shelves. He'd had to lie on the floor to reach it, but he got it.
“Which of you is the witch?” Sam asked, and Nicole let out a hysterical laugh before she too shoved her hand over her own mouth. Chrissy was now just crying, and Ryan’s eyes were wide with fear, flicking back and forth between Sam and the body.
“Don’t lie to me,” Dean said, taking the cap off the water bottle. The demon glanced at it again, and this time Dean was vindictively happy to see a flash of fear, or at least dread, slide over its face.
“Winchester, right?” the man asked, still unphased. Dean nodded, watching out of the corner of his eye as the man regarded him.
“I don’t know,” Sam said, running his flashlight beam over the room. With Novikov gone, it was just a basement again, the light reaching as far as it should, hitting dust and crates and old, broken furniture. He turned, and saw that the staircase had materialized out of the darkness as well, the shape of it easy to make out even from the furthest side of the room, where they had ended up. The sound of feet scuffing against the ground brought his attention back to Jason, who was walking towards what looked like a workstation at the back of the room. He didn’t even glance at Sam as he passed, attention fixed on the glass-fronted cabinets and worn wooden tabletop. Sam again felt the urge to smile, and this time he didn’t bother to resist, letting a slow, satisfied grin stretch across his face as he followed after him. Jason seemed to have completely forgotten about him, eyes wide as he reached out a hand to run it over the front of the glass cabinet, the reverence on his face sharply at odds with the aggressiveness he’d worn earlier. Just as much a mask as Sam’s fear, apparently, and Sam kept his distance, just observing as Jason brushed aside a cobweb to open the cabinets. The inside was chaos, books and jars and dried herbs shoved between them, a human skull balancing precariously on top of the lot. He was still a few feet back of Jason, but even from here he could see a worn copy of Mina Bhàsa’s grimoire, and the Sillispan Book of the Damned. Sam could feel the power and energy coming off of it. For the right person, with the right skills and knowledge, all they would have to do was touch some of the items to unlock their power. Novikov must have spent a large portion of his death just stopping anyone from ever reaching it, for something so valuable to have remained untouched for so long. It made Sam wonder just how many of its victims were unwitting civilians, and how many had actually come to the house with the same purpose that Jason had. As Sam watched, Jason reached his hand up towards the books in a slow, worshipful movement. He ran his fingers down the spine of one of the books, leaving a long smear in the dust coating it. Sam finally shook himself clear of his own reverie, drawing his gun. The sound of the safety clicking off didn’t even seem to reach Jason, and Sam didn’t wait any longer before aiming the gun and squeezing the trigger.
Novikov flickered, and then his power was hitting back at Sam in turn. Sam allowed himself to stumble back a pace as the force of it hit the wall of Sam’s defenses, though it didn’t actually do anything to pierce them. He could see Novikov’s eyes widen, and he smiled again.
“Katerina–” Dean started, turning back around, but she cut him off with a commanding finger pointed at him.
It was a simple spell really, in the end. It felt almost like it should have been more complicated, for how long it had taken them to find it, for the importance of what it was being used for. Dean couldn’t help but feel like it was somewhat anticlimactic as he spread out one of the two maps of the continental United States that he’d scavenged from the gloveboxes of some of the junkers outside. There should have been something to mark how important this was, how the information that he was about to learn would either heal him or wound him beyond repairing, beyond hope and sanity. It seemed ridiculous that all it would take was a small bowl of herbs, a six line chant, and a dropped match for Dean to find out whether or not he really existed as a person anymore.
“Worked a job with your dad a few years back,” he said as Dean swallowed. “Hell of a hunter.” Rick paused for a second. “Kinda scary though.” A guilty look passed over his face, as if he’d only just realized that maybe wasn’t the right thing to say to the man’s son. “Sorry,” he added. Dean shrugged, not really sure what to say in response. He might not have seen or heard from his father in well over a year, but it wasn’t like that was an inaccurate assessment of John Winchester, or one that Dean hadn’t heard before from other hunters. Rick stared at him for a long, silent moment, but when Dean didn’t react, he kept going. “I heard he was working a job up in Alaska a couple months ago,” he said, “some sorta sea monster or something.”
“Thanks,” she said, turning back to the screen and clicking around a bit more. She typed something into the computer, then frowned, clicking a couple more times. Her frown was deepening, and a familiar warning began to sound at the back of Dean’s head.
“Sam’s alive,” Bobby said, and Dean let the words echo in his head, let the certainty that Bobby put behind them sink into his heart, slow his breathing. Still, he knew that he wouldn’t be able to fully believe it, not completely, until he had that kid safe in the circle of his arms.
“Not right now,” she said, “but he’s going to notice you’re gone sooner or later.” Sam nodded. He should go back. He was pushing it, he knew, especially after the previous week, and it wasn’t like hiding out like a scared child was going to change anything, was going to do anything other than just make what was already bad, worse.
The forest was naturally formed, untouched and unaltered by human hands, and the treeline was shaped accordingly: not a sharp line dividing the valley from the base of the mountain, but a slow scattering of trees outwards from the dense woods, so that walking into the forest was akin to wading into a lake. Sam wasn’t in the forest, and then suddenly he was, the trees growing denser and denser around him until he looked up and realized that the wind was no longer as piercing, the snow no longer as deep. He turned, looked behind him, towards where his footprints slowly disappeared into the distance and the blowing snow. From here, he could no longer see the river, a combination of the fading light and the white powder billowing across the base of the valley conspiring to hide it from his sight. He glanced up at the sky, saw that the sun was just beginning to dip below the mountains at the far end of the valley. It was difficult to judge what time it was, not knowing where he was or when it was, not that he supposed it really mattered. The night would be as long as the night was, the day as long as the day was, and awareness of those two facts would hardly change how immutable they were. The high peaks around him would mean shorter days though, he realized, and could only hope that he would be able to find decent shelter before the light disappeared entirely. Lighting a fire would be a risk, one he wasn’t sure he wanted to take his first night out in the wilderness, when he was still warm and dry and in relatively good shape, aside from the bruises across his back that sent faint flickering waves of pain through his entire body when he turned back towards the forest too quickly. He grimaced. It wasn’t bad enough to really affect him, nothing he hadn’t and couldn’t work through, but there was no way to completely remove the possibility that the pain might make itself known at the most inopportune moment, that it might cost him valuable time and mobility. Would have been nice, to not have had a rod broken over his back right before a hunt, but he truly had no one to blame for that but himself.
Dean should have used the time spent driving out to where the woman at the diner had marked on the map thinking about what he was going to do when he got there, what monsters might be awaiting him, what cursed object he might have to destroy, but all he could feel was that same strange numbness. His brain had gone static with it, like his thoughts were moving at half speed, pierced through with little jabs of white and grey noise. He didn’t know why really – it wasn’t like it was the first time he’d been on a hunt where another hunter had died, wasn’t even the first time he’d watched a friend die. Though he supposed it was the first time he’d been forced to be the one to do it, to shoot a friend and watch the life leak from their eyes. The first time, too, that it had been someone he’d…
Dean let out a long, relieved breath as he carefully drew out the blocks of C-4 that had been packed at the bottom of the trunk. There was a detonator too, and he pocketed that before climbing back down from the truck bed. He found a backpack in the back seat of the truck, and filled it with the blocks of C-4 along with the rest of the holy water before heading back to the rocks. He didn’t waste any more time, just began setting up the explosives around the edge of the circle, avoiding only the stretch directly behind the rock, where the vegetation was thickest and he would have to get within a few feet of it to place the blocks. The itch to go to it rose up in his brain a couple times, but throwing holy water at it seemed to make the urge subside, and he managed to finish with only a few false starts towards his own doom. He hesitated once he finished though, and after a moment’s debate went back to the bodies, pulling them to the centre of the circle and arranging them in a row on their backs, eyes shut. It wasn’t enough but nothing ever could be, and it was the best he could do. He glanced around one final time before heading out of the rock circle. He had no idea what the range was on the detonator, no idea what the safe distance was for him to be, but he figured he’d start from behind the truck, and get closer only if he needed to.
it had said. He opened his mouth, questions crowding his mouth, fighting to be the first one to escape, but before he could say anything the angel’s head abruptly turned, as if he was listening to something that Dean couldn’t hear.
followed shortly after, and Dean ignored the wave of fear and nausea that rolled through him at the thought. Instead he turned around to grab the second map, pocketing the small scrap revealing where his father had apparently been hiding from him, avoiding Dean and letting him think he was dead rather than just pick up his fucking phone, the absolute bastard, why would he–.
“How did you know where I was?” he tried. “That I was in… that I needed… what was happening?” Castiel frowned at him.
It wasn’t much longer before Dean noticed signs of life beginning to rise out of the desert – the distant shape of houses, old wooden fences, a small group of corriente cattle balefully watching him speed by, long curved horns and dirty red fur. The first part of the town proper that he caught sight of was, unsurprisingly, a large golden cross, glinting in the sunlight and drawing him in. It was one of the best parts of chasing hunts in Mexico really – unlike the States, it was never hard to find a Catholic church, with all their attendant, if misappropriated, tools for hunting. He glanced at his phone one last time, despite knowing that it hadn’t rung. Sure enough, the screen was dark and blank, and with a sigh he began to scan for a motel. If he was going to have to wait for Alex to pull himself out of a bottle or wherever else he’d wandered off to, he might as well have a nap while he did so, his eyes gritty and heavy with sleep and the dry dust of the desert. When he finally entered the town proper though, he arbitrarily turned towards the church that he’d spotted from outside of town, raising an eyebrow when he passed another one, and then another, before he finally turned a corner and found himself passing by the one he’d first seen all the way out in the desert.
“You shouldn’t have let her go,” the woman said, and Sam turned to see Merihem standing behind him, arms crossed as she stared after the other woman. “She’s already at the neighbors. The police will be here soon.” Sam shrugged.
Sam screamed as its teeth sunk deep into his skin, and he was sure that the thick fabric of the parka was the only thing that prevented it from biting clean through him, ripping the arm right off, the grip on him just as tight and deadly as a beartrap. The machete dropped from his numb fingers, and he reacted more on instinct than from training, raising his free hand and bringing the blade held in it down with all the strength he could manage, driving it deep within the meat of the monster’s shoulder. The creature buckled as Sam felt something within it snap, the limb collapsing as it listed to the side with a whimper. It’s jaw loosened just enough for Sam to wrench his arm free with another scream of pain, the creature staggering back, Sam’s knife still buried in its flesh. Ignoring the blood streaming from the sleeve of his parka, soaking the fabric through, Sam kept his eyes on the monster as it struggled to recover from its own injury, its one leg now clearly useless, Sam’s knife having severed what was likely a tendon or something else equally critical. It wasn’t done yet though, its yellow eyes fixed on Sam, mouth open in a horrifying parody of a smile, mouth now smeared with Sam’s blood as well as its previous victim’s. It was preparing to attack again, undeterred by the damage Sam had already dealt it, the injuries hampering its movements, and Sam was officially out of weapons. Taking a deep breath, Sam forced himself to push the pain away, to reach deep inside himself for the silent, black emptiness at the core of him, still waters full of power and nightmares, and released it. The cool, clear water filled him until he was almost bursting with it, fingers shaking with energy and blood loss both as he pulled his arms back before thrusting them forward. The monster shrieked in confusion and pain, scrabbling desperately at the rock as it was shoved backwards across the ground. There was a brief second where it managed to hook its claws into the rock and it looked like it might manage to catch itself after all, but Sam pushed harder, barely noticing as blood began to run from his nose, falling slick and hot over his open mouth. The monster’s claws broke with a loud, aching crack, and it skittered backwards, still desperately grasping at the rock before it finally reached the cliff’s edge and disappeared from Sam’s sight with a final, lingering howl that made his teeth ache.
He didn’t look back at the body as he crossed the room to where his backpack was shoved in the corner, got dressed in what little light was leaking in around the curtains pulled over the room’s sole window. This far away from the body, the scent of death was replaced with other, only slightly less unpleasant smells: rotting garbage, piss, the rank stench of unwashed humans. Sam grimaced as he tugged on one of his few remaining clean shirts, sniffing to make sure that the smell hadn’t permeated it’s threads at least. Despite the fact that it was shoved in the same bag as his dirty clothes however, it luckily smelt of nothing more than dry canvas and the faintest whisper of laundry detergent. He’d have to do laundry soon though, which meant he was either going to have to come up with some money, or break into a house. Neither option was ideal, both presenting their own special opportunities for disaster. He couldn’t afford to draw attention to himself, not right now. He glanced back towards the body as he tucked his shirt into his jeans, then bent and shoved everything that had scattered out onto the floor back into his backpack: some dirty shirts, a sheath bereft of it’s knife, and an unlabelled bottle of pills that he stopped to frown at, shaking them and watching the small unmarked white ovals rattle around, a few larger green and yellow ones disrupting the hegemony of the bottle. He opened the lid, tipping two of the white ones out and staring at them for a long moment before finally mentally shrugging and swallowing them both dry. Throwing the bottle in the backpack, he zipped it shut before picking up his worn brown canvas jacket, standing and pulling it on as he walked back to the bed. He kept his eyes on the woman as he reached under his pillow and pulled out his gun, tucking it into the back of his jeans in a movement that was more muscle memory than anything. There were no marks on her body, nothing to indicate how she died. Not even any bruising. His eyes flicked around the room as he walked around the bed to get closer to her, but there was nothing there that hadn’t been there when he’d arrived the previous night, just the detritus of whoever had been squatting there before him, empty bottles and fast food wrappers. Next to the other graffiti that covered the walls, the red spray paint of his warding hardly even managed to change the place. Crouching, he ran his eyes over her from the other side, but there was nothing more to see than what he’d already observed. He reached out, ran a finger down the same path his eyes had just travelled, from the high peak of her cheekbone, down her neck, her chest, her stomach, stopping just below her hip. He tapped the skin there once, twice. It was still so soft, smooth, perfect.
“I know,” Ryan said, not taking his eyes off Sam. “But he’s not going to kill you, so please just step away.” Kyle swallowed, loud in the silence, and grabbed both of the girls, pulling them to the side, away from Ryan and Sam. There was a long moment of silence as Ryan and Sam considered each other. “Why did you think it was Jason?” Ryan asked.
“It was Sam’s favourite,” Dean finally said. “I don’t know if it was because of mom, or something else, but…” he trailed off, shrugged, feeling weirdly embarrassed and exposed. Jim just nodded though, didn’t comment any further on why Dean was praying to a god he didn’t believe in with a prayer that wasn’t his own.
“Huh,” Dean said, deciding to put that in the pile of things to think more about later. “Okay, well. Thanks, I guess. For saving me. Again.” Castiel didn’t move, but somehow managed to look even more uncomfortable.
” he said. “You’re–” he cut himself off, eyes going wide at something above and behind Sam’s shoulder, and Sam only had the time to half turn his head before a force slammed into his side, sending him flying across the room and into the concrete wall. He hit the ground with a heavy thud, chunks of concrete and dirt raining down around him. He could hear the distant sounds of voices, maybe one of them yelling
. His vision wavered strangely, and he couldn’t tell if it was because he was crying or because he was going to pass out with the pain of his world ending, his world having ended who knew how long ago and he hadn’t known,
“Yeah she is,” Ellen said, before leaning in, a serious expression crossing her face. “Are you doing okay Dean?” Her eyes flicked back to the bruises covering his face. Dean gave her his best grin.
“Winchester,” the demon said, still smiling. “I was starting to think you’d just abandoned me here, all on my lonesome.” Dean grinned back at it, sliding easily into the persona he wore whenever he had to speak to a monster.
“Jesus,” one of the others said. “So what, there’s some sort of monster out there that’s decided to hunt too?” The hunter shrugged.
The sound of the gunshot was shockingly loud, even knowing it was coming, and the sound echoed impossibly through the room over and over. It left Sam’s ears ringing as he lowered the weapon, watching the blood run down the contents of the cabinet. He saw something flicker to life as the blood slid down it; a glass orb glowing dark purple. He only had a second to contemplate how stupid it had been for him to add blood to a cabinet full of magical objects before his attention was jerked away from whatever was awakening there by a scream, loud and echoing. He turned his head to see that while his attention had been focused on Jason, the rest of the teenagers had apparently come looking for them, and were now standing in a cluster at the bottom of the stares, faces shocked and terrified.
“Dean,” Bobby said. Dean blinked at him, hearing the word but not really processing it, not able to process anything other than the fact that he’d left Sam, he’d abandoned him, sent him out into the world on his own and he didn’t once in four fucking yea–.
“Ellen–” Dean started, but she cut him off with a glare uncomfortably similar to the one that Katerina had given him earlier. Dean sighed, but didn’t protest any further, just took another drink of his beer. He supposed there were worse things than a forced night on the small cot Ellen kept in the storeroom, especially when leveraged against his previous plans of sleeping in the car. His sigh of defeat made a small smile curve Ellen’s mouth as she ran her cloth over the top of the counter, the wet cloth not seeming to do much other than move the moisture on the bartop around. “Jo around?” he finally asked, glancing around the room. Ellen’s face shuttered, and Dean immediately wished he’d just kept his mouth shut.
Jason gave him an understanding look, then turned his attention back to the stairs beneath them. “I guess I’ll go first,” he said, reluctance obvious in his voice. He glanced at Sam, clearly hoping for an argument, but Sam just stared at him. Jason turned his head back slowly, a resigned expression washing over his face. “Yeah, okay,” he said, and took a deep breath before putting his foot down on the top step.
“I didn’t do anything!” he said. The boy took a menacing step forward before one of the other boys managed to wedge himself between them.
“Idi v’banyu,” Katerina said, swatting at him when he ducked in, lighting-fast, to press a kiss to her cheek. The smile that she’d been fighting before finally broke through  though, and Dean was still laughing when he pushed open the kitchen doors.
It was just past four in the afternoon when Dean slowed the Impala, turn signal blinking at no one as he spun the wheel to take him off of the smooth pavement and onto the rough gravel of the short road that connected the highway to the parking lot. There were a handful of trucks and cars already there, though none that Dean recognized. He didn’t stop next to any of them, ignoring the front lot in favour of looping around the low wooden building, pulling in beside the cherry red pickup that was parked directly outside of the back door. Climbing out of the car, he squinted against the bright sunlight, stretching and hearing what sounded like every bone in his spine crack, before he finally locked the Impala’s door. He gave the truck an admiring look, circling the vehicle once before heading inside, swinging open the heavy industrial metal door and just barely managing to dodge Katerina, who swore as the stack of plates she was holding rattled against each other, threatening to fall. Dean grinned as he watched her regain her balance.
Alone, in the desert, no one else around to feed on, the entire family had turned, then starved, a single, horrifying decision leaving them all dead. Dean’s eyes moved back to the rock, considering. They hadn’t gone anywhere, hadn’t even tried to, as far as he could tell, and he wondered if that was how this curse had survived so long without notice, and with relatively few victims. The majority of the people who had had the misfortune to stumble upon it simply wasting away, far from the sight of anyone else, never able to pass on the curse. Except for Alex, and Dean swallowed against the knowledge that if Alex hadn’t come back to town no one else would have died, though the thought of Alex dying out here, alone and afraid, made his heart ache just as much as how it had happened. Still, it didn’t make sense, if the family was consumed so quickly that they didn’t even leave the stone circle they’d stumbled upon, how Alex had managed to stave off the transformation long enough to go back to town. Except, Dean corrected himself, for how Alex was a hunter, and knew far better than this family what was happening to him. Dean remembered the holy water, and cautiously put his gun away before pulling out the bottle. He splashed a little on the father, just to check, but wasn’t surprised when there was no reaction.
He wanted nothing more than to collapse on the ground, but he forced himself to walk forwards instead, looking down over the edge of the rock. Far below he could just see the mangled and broken corpse of the monster, body turned to nothing more than a sack full of meat and bones against the rocks, speared straight through by the tree it had come to rest upon. It was almost certainly dead, but Sam still reached out with his mind, a thin tendril of power winding down the mountainside, sending it snaking through the creature until it found its still and already cooling heart. Sam released the vision, staggered back a few steps from the edge before finally allowing his knees to buckle beneath him. His one arm was a mangled mess beneath his sleeve, and he knew if he didn’t address it soon he was going to pass out from blood loss. He ignored it though, instead using his undamaged arm to sweep clear the stretch of rock in front of his knees. Gritting his teeth, he dipped two of his fingers into the bloody holes left in the parka by the monster’s black teeth, coating his fingers in his own blood before pulling them back out and beginning to draw on the ground before him. His vision was beginning to waver by the time he finished the final stroke, and he could only hope he’d managed to do it correctly, blinking slowly as he pushed his hand entirely inside the sleeve of his parka.
The change he had on him just managed to cover the bus fare to get him to the train, and he wasn’t surprised when the man he sat down next to subtly shuffled away from him. He knew what he looked like, what he smelled like, just as well as he knew that people would be far more likely to ignore him, to avert their eyes and forget his face if they thought he was homeless. He smiled at the floor of the bus, a far more bitter and empty expression than the one that had stolen over him back at the house. It was one that sat far more comfortably on his face though, felt more natural, more right. Sam took a deep breath, swallowing before he let his eyes drift out of focus as he began chanting under his breath, the Hatamtite rolling off his tongue just as easily as English. The man sitting next to him got up and moved away, and Sam smiled again without pausing in his recitation. The vision, when it rose before him, was choked in black smoke, dense and unyielding, and he put more force behind his words, still speaking whisper quiet but with as much of a push as he could manage, pain spiking through his head despite the pills he’d taken earlier, the sharp ache cutting through the fog of medication. It managed to tear a jagged rip through the roiling blackness though, revealing a flash of a street name, a picture-perfect suburban house, a head of dark brown hair shot through with grey and a flash of blue eyes, crows feet wrinkling the edges in a smile. When he released it, he wasn’t surprising to find himself panting, shaking with exertion. The sense of eyes watching him was stronger than before, but when he glanced up all he was greeted with was a series of heads quickly turning away from him, going back to determinedly pretending he wasn’t there now that they knew he wasn’t about to die or something. The vision had confirmed that he was on the right path, offered him the reassurance he needed to lean back in his seat, breathing deeply and letting the pain wash over him. He briefly debated pulling out the pill bottle again, but he didn’t want to risk getting kicked off the bus and having to walk the rest of the way. The steady pulse of time slipping away from him was now a constant sensation, a reminder of how near he was to his goal, how he was probably already out of time. The pain that always accompanied his visions was one of the milder ones he regularly experienced anyways. He glanced up at the map above him as the robotic voice announced their next stop over the speaker, tracked the thin blue line that marked their current route almost all the way to the end before he finally spotted his destination. It would be at least an hour, maybe two.
. A grey figure flickered into being in the middle of that huge blank space, and Sam smiled as the specter of Drahomir Novikov regarded him. Its expression was blank, but there was an awareness, an intelligence behind its eyes that far outstripped that which a typical spirit was capable of. Whether it was because of what he’d done before death, what he’d been doing when he’d died, or the sheer luck of dying in a place where so much magic had been performed, Novikov had become a powerful ghost. Possibly more powerful and effective than he’d been in life even, if the number of people who had died horribly in the house since he’d begun haunting the building was anything to go off of. Sam once again wondered at the stupidity of the children locked in this house with him, that they apparently hadn’t thought to check just how many people had died or gone missing in the allegedly haunted house.
“What now?” Bobby asked, voice cautious, like he wasn’t sure he should even ask, like it was a risk, a push he wasn’t sure he should make. Dean stared down at the pile of ashes that had once been a map.
“I’m good,” he repeated, and something in his voice or his expression must have been enough, because the worry finally drained from Katerina’s face, replaced with an expression that was just as familiar, but far more welcome. She dropped her hands from his waist in favour of taking hold of one of his hands and tugging, and Dean abandoned his half-drunk beer on the counter in favour of following her upstairs. Her bedroom was all shadows and lace and pale blue wallpaper, and Katerina led him backwards to the bed with a smile on her face. She tasted like cigarettes and beer and let out the smallest, sweetest little noise when Dean pulled off her bra and ran his thumb over one of her nipples. There was a moment, when he finally let her tug off his shirt, where he thought she might put a stop to the whole thing, her eyes wide in shock and upset as she took in the wreck of his side. When she looked up at him, he shook his head, stepping away to pull her to the edge of the bed before going to his knees, and with the heat of her smooth skin pressing against the side of his head and the taste of her heavy on his tongue, he made sure she stopped thinking about his injury entirely. And when she pulled him back onto the bed, pushing him onto his back and climbing on top of him, he finally stopped thinking too.
And a huge shout out to Britt, my DM, from whom I shamelessly stole (with permission) this chapter's monsters from. Please excuse my artistic licenses.
“He told me he was in Alaska,” Dean lied, “but if you’re looking for details about the hunt, I didn’t get any.”
Dean asked, latching onto the most ominous part of that statement, and the bartender grinned, leaning forward.
“That doesn’t–” he started, but Castiel interrupted him, voice strangely powerful for all that he didn’t raise it any louder than Dean’s own voice, any louder than he’d spoken before.
“Don’t,” she warned, glaring. Dean looked back at her for a beat longer, then raised his hands in defeat, smiling despite himself.
“On the other hand,” the demon said, voice conversational as it walked towards him, hands once again shoved in its pockets like it was nothing, pace leisurely and unconcerned. “I guess it also works if I kill you right now.” Dean fought against the force holding him in place, but as hard as he tried, muscles straining and breath stuttering with effort, he couldn’t so much as move a finger. He was completely helpless, couldn’t do anything but watch, fear screaming through his brain, as the demon drew closer and closer.
Sam shoved forward with his hands, using them to direct his power as it rushed towards Novikov. Novikov’s eyes widened, and then flickered, disappearing alongside the rest of him as the specter vanished. There was a flash of white as the ghost retreated along the lines of power that he had seen earlier, scars of magic and pain that were indelibly etched throughout the house. Without anything to hit, Sam’s power dissipated, flowing out from him in a wash like the tide going out, and Sam let it go. Novikov wasn’t gone, but he was gone for now, and that was all Sam needed.
sharp and immediate and shocking through him. Dean’s eyes flew open, the ceiling abruptly coalescing above him. Almost as soon as the pain crashed over him, liquid warmth replaced it, his brain struggling to make sense of the sensation –
The words were already slipping from his mind even as he desperately tried to hold onto them. The demon, watching his face carefully, smiled, like it could see into Dean’s mind, like it knew that Dean didn’t know what it had just said to him.
his Sam. Vague, unsubstantiated, more rumor than fact but also the closest thing he’d gotten to a lead, ever, and it was all he could do to stop himself from shoving out of his chair, striding out into the night to do… something. Anything. Go to Canada or Mississippi or straight to Hell.
“S’weird,” one of them observed, taking a swig of his beer, and there was a murmur of agreement across the table. There was a long moment of silence. When it was broken, it was by someone with a story about a demon he’d run into in Germany years ago, old gossip about monsters and victims long dead. He gave it a minute before he tuned out of the conversation, mind racing. It wasn’t anything, not really, but his gut was telling him otherwise, the same hunter instincts that had saved his life so many times telling him that this was
The kitchen was exactly how Dean remembered it, the scent of fresh herbs a constant clinging scent, the ancient silver kettle that Jim filled with water from the tap the same one he’d been using Dean’s entire life. Dean took what had become, over the years, his seat at the table without even thinking about it, though something in him clenched as he looked over at the two empty chairs next to him, the ghosts of the men that should be in them an almost physical presence in the room. Jim turned back from turning the stove on, catching where Dean was looking before Dean could look away. Dean grimaced, but Jim didn’t say anything, just grabbed a pair of mugs and the box of tea from the cupboard. It wasn’t until there was a mug steaming in front of him, Jim sitting across from him, that Jim broke the silence.
