Bobby hesitates, “But what about Lisa?”
and Dean’s brain literally cannot comprehend baggage right now, baggage is water off the duck’s back that is his brain— to wanting to jump Benny like he’s starving for him.
“An armadillo avoids…” Cas starts, and Dean can’t help himself from grinning even when he’s trying to rest. An angel is reading him a bedtime story.
“Heaven dis—
Cas traces the hard-drawn symbol on the page.
See you on Sunday!
Evestown is the only settlement in all of purgatory. Founded by, well, the namesake. Eve herself. A place where her monster children could congregate and be safe from Leviathans.
Cas blinks like he has no idea why Dean’s upset. In fact, Dean wonders if Cas does this on purpose. Does he find it funny when humans get startled by him?
“Cas,” Dean moans. He’s covered in slightly-tacky old lube, but there’s just enough from earlier that makes it easy for Cas to slide two fingers into him.
from the life,” Dean sighs, “you know that. Sam and I, we’re effective. We’re good at what we do.”
“With your soul sustaining my form,” Cas muses, “this potentially removes my dependence on heaven. I am no longer bound to the host for my wellbeing, or as my home.”
“We’re not talking about this again,” Dean informs him.
what I feel for you. I’m an angel, I don’t
“Cas did that to you,” Sam repeats.
“That was the vessel,” Cas explains, “God made angels with no mouths. So there is no need for us to hunger, to want for anything. So, no, I cannot be hungry.”
Dean wants to make food, to distract himself, but the thought of eating makes him sick. There are dishes in the sink. The counters are dirty. Who would want to cook in that? So Dean starts tossing things into the sink. Runs the hot water. Soap. Fix what’s in front of him. What he can control. He can feel panic welling up in his throat and he might just start screaming if he loses control. He needs to keep moving. Cas likes doing dishes, Dean likes washing dishes
Dean wants to say that it’s fine, Cas can stay if he wants. Because Cas has been on Dean’s heels all day and Dean isn’t sure which of them needs the proximity more. He still feels like if Cas gets away from him, that he’ll take off and Dean will never see him again.
It takes three days to find Benny's grave. Dean doesn't sleep. He's alone and exposed.
Benny glances at Dean, possibly for approval, before he says, “Yeah. Let’s connect sometime.”
Tangling with angels and demons is never a surefire thing. Since the apocalypse, usually heaven or hell want something and can be bargained with. The Winchesters were at ground zero for the end of the world that wasn’t, the total underdogs who bucked the system. So in the aftermath, everyone seems to think they have some idea what to do with the world. And that if things don’t go their way, it means Sam and Dean will come in and clean house.
He says it like Dean treats Cas super special. Like Sam can tell there’s something going on between Cas and Dean that isn’t normal.
him while he lives.
“No,” Sam cuts him off, “Cas and I talked. Once. I told him I could see it. He’s been more careful since.”
“I’m not what you think, I’m not— a hammer, as you say. I have… I have doubts,” Castiel says, and he looks at Dean, shares this secret with him, and Dean’s breath catches in his throat.
“Cas what’s going on?” Dean asks.
Bobby chokes on his coffee, “Bees?”
Everyone’s quiet, watching Sam in the middle of this small storm.
“What did you find?” Dean asks.
Dean’s on his feet, and Cas stands to meet him. They’re toe-to-toe and somewhere in the back of his mind Dean is ready for this to turn into a brawl. He’ll grab Cas by the front of his shirt, throw him into a wall.
Cas sighs, “It’s only a whim. But they are endangered. I would like to try and save something wonderful.”
Cas licks his dick as an apology. And then Dean feels his lube-y fingers on his ass. He takes a steady breath, holds his knees open, and thinks
, so he doesn’t have to see the end of the world and know it’s because of him, Cas leans in, adjusting his hands.
“I love you,” Dean says, and it feels even stronger than the last time he said it. He’s falling deeper and deeper and he doesn’t think he’ll ever surface from this love.
Cas doesn’t move away, stays practically hip to hip, but he does lean back so he’s sitting upright, “What’s wrong?”
“Your soul is shining brighter,” Cas says, as if that means anything, “should I do it again?”
“I feel like I nearly died,” Cas says, “and I feel… off. My grace has never been so depleted. I can feel the burn of your soul.”
“You think I did any good talking Dad down?” Dean laughs, “Dad liked you way more than he liked me.”
Dean is down to three bullets, and he lost one of his switchblades. Almost lost a boot too. He fucking hates purgatory. He
“I don’t know if I’m strong enough to do that,” Cas admits.
Benny doesn’t hide his grin, “Nah. Say it proper.”
the emotional, spiritual, you know.”
When he closes his eyes he can still smell Cas. He’s missed this scent.
“Well that’s good, right?” Dean calls. He starts lifting the edges of the pancakes to see if it’s time to flip them yet.
— have any idea of what you’re getting into. And maybe the smarter move is to not share your soul with something that was made to shred things like you.”
Also Dean has not been able to find his prostate and he’s mad about it. It’s supposed to be some bonus good vibe thing but he’s a moron and can’t figure his own body out. Dean takes it upon himself to undo Cas’ tie and pull it off him.
one another like no one else had ever seen them. And Cas… Cas looks like he has something to say.
“If you do, I promise I will,” Dean says. He’s hard enough now that he’s pretty sure he can come again. At worst it might be a dry one, but two so close together sounds pretty good to Dean.
Dean turns to glare up at him, “Don’t say that.”
Benny waits a moment, not pulling away, and not getting any closer either. He glances over at Cas, back to Dean.
And literally listed as: Emergencies Only. No name, no other information.
“They’re good,” Dean says, pauses, “still sleeping. I just, uh, I needed to talk to you.”
Dean looks at the backseat again, looks down at himself. No, that can’t be—
What if he took them over the edge? What if they stopped fighting, stopped losing, stopped hurting? Is that what Sam wants? Is that what Sam
“Yeah,” Dean tries not to roll his eyes, “I’ll just show up with a bowl of popcorn and cheer him on like it’s the little league of psychics. Is that what I should do?”
He snaps at Sam. Maybe he’s too harsh, but he’s sick of the joke. He let it go on too long.
Benny rubs at his throat, “He’s a dick.”
“What is it? How come no one else has mentioned it yet?”
"It's not a bad idea," Dean muses, "but we'd need something on Crowley. He and Cas have too much bad blood to let Crowley get this kind of leverage on Cas."
Dean sinks lower in his chair, “We, uh. This wasn’t official until, like, after purgatory.”
“You’re an angel,” Dean says, “you pack a punch, but you’ve got kinda shitty hand-to-hand.”
“He left,” Dean says.
“What do you think is gonna happen?” Dean wonders, “if I do?”
,” Death says, “God will not come back to pick up his things. He’s already proved he doesn’t care to do his job. What he will do, is come back angry. Because now he’s replaceable.”
Sam shrugs, “Well, I kinda did. But more importantly, that’s exactly
Bobby joins them on the road. Dean’s used to drifting, so, maybe this is okay. He and Sam have gotten too stationary anyways, too fond of staying in one place. They’re nomads, this is how they were raised. This is how they work. It’s him, Sam and… well, Bobby’s as close to a dad as Dean’s got. The family business is mobile again.
Dean nods.
A cold thought occurs to Dean: would Sam even make it to heaven? It shouldn’t be a worry— he’s a good person, the
it’s you. The partner is important to me. And if you’re not enjoying things, then neither am I.”
“No,” Dean laughs nervously, “it, uh. First off I need to tell you. I… when Sam was gonna save you, before we all went under, I told Sam that he couldn’t kill himself to save you.”
. Because he’s not good enough to save him.
“But it’s Cas?” Bobby asks, “that’s your choice?”
It’s fucking
“I’m afraid that I might become like I was when I contained purgatory’s souls,” Cas admits, “I think it was the power of taking on those souls that formed the cracks in the armor in the first place.”
“Bottom line: do we know who’s waking up in there?” Bobby asks, gesturing to the living room.
Dean stares at the ceiling he’s been staring at since he was twelve and dreaming about how good life would be once he and Dad killed the thing that got mom, and then they could get a home where Dean could have his own room. Over time this ceiling became familiar, like a friend, as Dean crashed at Bobby’s between hunts. Dean liked to stare at the ceiling and imagine a world where this was his house, where this was
components to this scenario. Cas would heal, if he could. Cas would have come inside, if he could.
“Graft from what?” Bobby asks.
Leader breathes deep, sniffing the air, “Oh, oh god. That’s real, that’s
“Shut up!” Dean snaps, “this isn't it. Sam?”
“I need to find out what I am, who I am, underneath all of the manipulation and control,” Cas says, “even if… even if I don’t recognize myself after. I need to try. I want to know what’s real.”
Cas loved him.
Dean glares at him, “no.”
And now here’s Bobby helping get Cas into Dean’s room. Dean should take Sam’s room, to put distance between him and Cas. He doesn’t. Bobby asks if they want anything— water? Puke buckets? Says to call if anything comes up. He’ll take care of Sam. Dean thanks him and closes the bedroom door behind him.
“Join the club!” Dean snaps, “I am bottom of the fucking food chain here. Everything wants to fuck or eat me— or both!”
“Hey,” Dean says. Tries to keep his voice from cracking.
Benny talks casually, no leer or inflection to his voice, so Dean can’t tell if he means all the innuendos he keeps saying, or if Dean is the perverted one who’s mind is in the gutter.
They’re standing in the green room. Dean convinces Cas to turn against everyone, everything he’s ever known and believed in.
Cas looks at Dean and drops the extra distance to hit the ground in shock. Or maybe he’s shocked because Dean sprints at him.
Is this what it’s like to love an angel?
“Yeah,” he says, “I think we’re gonna be okay.”
Dean thinks too long, and so Bobby takes pity on him.
hot. They keep kissing, long enough that Dean starts to wonder if Benny’s changed his mind. If they’re going to do more. And then Benny pulls away.
him, is looking at Dean because he
It’s not like throwing the book earlier. This isn’t a thoughtless reaction, an impulse from the intense emotions he’s feeling. Dean has to think about this, to force himself through the unfamiliar motions.
“Good,” Cas says, “good. Keep calling to him.”
Poor Beano is dealing with a lot of emotional upheaval and he's desperately trying to put it all back to where it was before. I don't think it CAN go back to what it was before purgatory though!! So what will his new normal be???
“When did you get so soft?” Dean snorts.
“I know—”
Sam conks out not even halfway into the movie. Poor kid must be exhausted. He takes up most of the couch, even curled up, and drops his head in Dean’s lap.
There’s a truth in all of these things that Dean isn’t ready to face. Not yet.
It’s Cas. It’s his— it’s gotta be
Dean pulls over into the next pullout he can find. The fresh air feels knife-sharp in his lungs. He stumbles to the railing overlooking the view. Maybe it’s beautiful, maybe it’s average. Dean doesn’t see it. He bends over, tries to get his head between his knees. Breathe through it. Breathe through the panic.
“What happened?” Cas asks. He looks just as shocked as Dean feels at the sub-zero interior design.
“You want to sleep? Or do something?” Dean asks.
Dean should be happy. He’s getting everything he’s ever wanted.
Death ignores him, and reaches out with his cane to put the metal tip under Sam’s chin. Sam sits up straighter.
Dean jumps down the porch stairs, right out over the edge of the wards. Cas is normally a brick wall when Dean grabs him, but this time Cas is already reaching for him. It’s like letting out the breath he’s been holding for too long now. He feels Cas’ fingers twist in his shirt, his hand cupping the back of Dean’s neck. Dean presses his face into Cas’ shoulder, smells that electric angel scent on him and good god, he tries not to think it, but it’s like coming home.
Cas glowers up at Death.
Dean takes a moment to recall which way he came. The constant half-light, the rolling fog and endless forest make it so easy to get turned around or lost. The last thing he wants is to lose his alone-time privileges. His companions keep getting on his ass that Dean is
Dean’s heart crawls into his throat. If he wasn’t in love with Cas already…
“Not without Cas,” Dean reminds him.
him. Because Cas knows Dean, has seen who Dean really is.
“Hey,” Dean sets a hand on Cas’ chest, guides him back to leaning against the door, “hey, look at me.”
“I don’t understand,” Dean admits.
“I trust you, I lose everything, and you’re going to kill me,” Cas says.
day, and to top it off you fucked up and let Lucifer out of the cage,” Dean barrels ahead.
“I’m sorry,” Dean whimpers, “this is dumb—”
Dean’s adrenaline is spiked from fighting, and Benny’s crooked grin looks like it needs to be kissed off him. In purgatory this would be the time Dean would jump on him to do that, because Benny’s strong enough to take Dean’s weight and Dean thinks superhuman strength is
Cas looks down at Dean, back up to Benny. Point made: Dean is fucking dying. But that’s not Benny’s fault. Did Cas even hear ‘knows the way out’?
“It doesn’t matter,” Cas says, and he makes to tuck the book beside him, out of sight.
Sam lets out a soft groan. His eyelids flutter. Bobby shakes him again, and then Sam flinches away like he got shot. He punches out, almost clocks Bobby in the face, and rolls right off the cot onto the floor. Dean jumps back to get out of the way.
“I choose you,” Cas blurts out, “I’ll follow you anywhere. I don’t think I could keep myself away, but it’s— it’s for selfish reasons. I don’t want anyone else to have your love. And that’s why I need to put space between us. Before it’s too late.”
Cas’ scowl deepens, “I’m celestial. I don’t require human sustenance.”
Dean grimaces, “You couldn’t pay me to drink your shit.”
Zachariah zaps Dean into the future. Dean sees the end in all its ugly glory. Sam's gone, Bobby's gone, hell, Dean doesn't even recognize himself. He’s become the killer he knows he could be, the killer he thought he could avoid before he went to hell.
Dean takes a bite and swallows rather than chew. Blood dribbles down his chin, and he tries to wipe it off, but there’s already dry blood on his face to mask his scent. He hates this. If he were softer he thinks he might start crying with how tired, sore and sick of all of this shit he is.
“Thank you,” he says, and he pauses, like he shouldn’t say it, before he says, “I want this to be real. I want to choose you, on purpose.”
“Cas?” Sam checks, and thinks a moment before he shrugs, “I dunno. Hate’s pretty strong. Like, he was a dick, and he fucked with my head. But he fixed it. So… I don’t know? Why? Do
want him to choose?”
“This vessel is saturated with my grace,” Cas says, “ingesting any part of it should transfer enough grace to make up for the things you are lacking.”
“He said you’re
Dean tries to think of anything Cas has eaten that he hasn’t immediately spat out.
Dean can’t help but laugh, “Oh really?”
“Thanks,” Dean says, for lack of anything better to say. It’s a considerate gesture.
He should probably say ‘
Andrea hasn’t eased up on her clear disdain for Dean. She gets a coffee for appearances, and looks disgusted as Dean orders the greasiest, carb-heavy meal on the menu. He’s going to eat his nerves if it kills him.
Cas glances up at him.
“Where are you?” Benny demands.
He always thought you couldn’t have a Home while in the life. Because you can’t put hunting down and go home at the end of the day. Hunting is like an infection, like shackles to an unfathomable weight. You carry it with you, wherever you go. And you either escape it completely or you die with it.
Dean would have said no to this.
Sam sits back, relaxing into the seat. He hangs an elbow out the open window, breathes in the fresh air.
Cas closes the door behind himself, “I don’t— there was no ‘upgrade’ that I am aware of. Are you okay?”
Benny shakes his head, “Not worth the risk,” he finally says.
“Cas,” Dean says quietly, “if— if you’re out there. I’m… I’m here. I’m alone, and I want to go home. Let’s go home, man. Where are you?”
Dean helps Cas find all the points he likes on himself— like his throat, like Cas’ handprint on his arm, and to be honest they
Benny muses on this, like it hadn’t occurred to him, “Maybe we have it figured out. You could learn something.”
They’ve got Sam bundled up in the backseat. It took the two of them to manhandle him into the car. Sam’s basically boneless, and Cas said he’s like when he fried his brain on Cas’ grace and went blind, but worse.
"Yeah, well, when it comes to you I—" and the words lodge in Dean's throat. He's not in purgatory, he’s not dying, he can't just come out and say it. How Cas is different, has always been different. He's family, but he's not a brother, he's Other. He's someone that Dean wants to touch and have in ways he doesn't entirely understand but understands all too well. He loves Cas in ways that make him have outlandish fantasies about having a house with a porch together. He loves Cas in the way that makes him sad every time Cas isn’t at his side, in the way Dean’s heart skips at just the sight of him.
It means he doesn’t know how to understand the dangers, or the appeal, of this stuff. So even if he tries to tell Sam to stop, is it because that’s right, or because Dean doesn’t understand? Dad shut down anything he couldn’t understand, anything that was different, because if he couldn’t control it then it could be dangerous.
“It’s not,” Sam shrugs. His bangs are sticking to his forehead with sweat. He doesn’t look so good, “I know he’s a hallucination. I’m fine.”
“You were foolish,” Cas scolds him.
Cas drops into the wheelchair like a sack of potatoes. He doesn’t put up a fight as they roll him into the kitchen.
Dean had forgotten what a force of nature a pissed off angel can be.
“Hey, if it’s about that night Naomi had you— it’s not like that. It’s a good thing,” Dean assures him, “trust me, I’ll change your mind.”
“Whetstone. You wanted to sharpen your blade, right?”
Cas looks small in the wheelchair, with Death looming over him.
And maybe he's right. Maybe this is stupid. But Dean doesn't know what else to do, and all he can think is that he doesn't want Cas to be alone right now.
“But I like the idea of a marriage,” Cas says, “of making our union known in ways that humans can understand.”
“That’s how I work,” Cas says, “that’s the choice I’ll make.”
Cas’s shirt open.
“If I am such a burden then perhaps you should leave me,” Cas says, and he looks away from Dean. He keeps saying Dean should leave him behind. That Cas is too much of a liability.
Cas chomps down on Dean’s shoulder.
“If you want to summon me… die,” Death says.
It’s worse than he felt before. Every little bit of pressure feels ten times more intense than it should, even the shift of his clothes over his skin feels like it’s too rough. His shoulder aches so badly he wants to put some ice on it and then hide away in a motel to heal up like he used to after a bad hunt. Bobby pulls Dean to his feet and Dean whimpers and braces his hands on his knees to keep from falling over.
“Are you human?” Dean guesses. Angels also don’t have souls. If Cas has Dean’s soul, then…
“Do they not have friends in heaven?” Dean checks. He leans too close, a little sloppy with how much he’s had to drink.
“The way out is for humans only. So you can trust I’ll keep you alive, if you want to leave.”
“I can’t heal him,” Cas admits, and Dean felt prepared for that answer. So his next question will be how they can secure Sam’s spot in heaven, or if Cas can take Sam right there. Dean’s got a gun, he’s tired, he can follow close behind.
under his weight. He’s shirtless, covered in stitches and blood like Frankenstein’s monster, and
I kept adding and adding and so this last chapter + epilogue ended up being much longer than expected. A final gift from me to you! Enjoy!!!!!
“Sorry,” Dean offers. Cas grumbles something intelligible, barely opening his eyes, and goes back to sleep with his face buried in his new housecoat. Sam stays dead to the world.
“Sam,” Dean snaps. Pleads.
“Is… is something wrong with me?” Sam asks.
Dean’s vaguely aware of Sam’s deep breathing. Particularly that he keeps it up. Which means he isn’t settling, that he’s panicked and still trying to calm down. Which, should be obvious if Sam was spooked enough to need to come have a sleepover. Every other breath comes out a little ragged, a little wheezy. Poor kid. Dean wishes he knew how to help better.
be possible: picks Sam up, throws him over his shoulder, and stands all in the same motion. Cas doesn’t even sway under Sam’s gigantor size.
“Cause I want out. That’s what trust is, Dean. It’s about you and I sharing a goal, which means we’ll work together to get there.”
“I’m tired of waiting around,” Dean announces, “and I think I’m gonna go to Crowley.”
lose him. I—fuck, I—”
“You’re included in that, in the people I, uh, care about,” Dean hears himself babble, and he points to the list, “so, like I said. I’m, well, I’m trying.”
“Soul mates?” Bobby echoes, “are those even real?”
There’s no one left.
And oh my god, I can't believe how close we're getting to the end!!! Only a few more chapters and we're caught up to the end of TEA, and then we get to find out what happened to our boys!!! Ah!
And there it is.
word search book. For fun. Could he get any nerdier?
Dean hasn’t slept for days, and he can’t get a hold of Sam, and the world feels both too wide open and too closed in. He’s got too much time on his hands to think about all the things he doesn’t want to think about. He needs to find Sam. He needs to get hunting. There’s grave dirt under his fingernails. He hasn’t killed anything in days and it’s making his skin itch. Benny left bruises on his thighs. He’s gone too long without someone watching his back, and he’s going crazy constantly checking over his shoulder. He's been gone for almost a year, in the real world. Dean has no idea how long it was on purgatory's side.
“You’re singing,” Cas comments.
“So is he healed?” Dean demands, “what the fuck is going on?”
Thank you so much to everyone who left comments last chapter!
“I’m actually not sure,” Dean realizes, “Sam picked this one.”
“You’re severely malnourished,” Cas states, and his head goes the other way, “and underfed.”
The light comes back on as Cas opens the back door to join him. He doesn’t say much, just sits himself down so his knee nudges Dean’s, so their shoulders are close together. At some point Jo got Cas out of his coat, and it makes him way more approachable. He’s still wearing his stupid tie, and Dean’s just drunk enough to consider trying to take it off. Or tugging on it. Anything to play around with it, because a tie after midnight is just
“Why are you so mad about eating? You’ve eaten food before,” Dean points out.
Heaven has to be wrong,
Death snaps his fingers and Sam flinches like something slapped him. Sam recoils with a shout, dropping back and covering his face so he’s splayed out on his back. Dean needs to get up off the bed because
It’s cold, and squishy in ways that spoil Dean’s appetite. Dean can’t even look at it.
Cas gives him a confused frown. Fuck, he’s cute.
“Cas is on our side,” Dean insists, “I trust him.”
bigger in the moment. And Dean has a heart-stopping moment where he thinks he might have made a terrible mistake. It’s not gonna fit, this is gonna hurt.
Cas stares at Dean, does that thing where he tilts his head when he’s thinking hard. Dean can’t help but smile at the familiar sight.
Dean lets out a slow exhale. The number of times he’s let people ‘take care of him’ since he stopped being a child, he can count on one hand.
the same,” Sam continues, “and he knew that. Death said Lucifer was cocky, and that’s why I got the upper hand, but I don’t think that’s true. The end result of us mergine was always going to be his death. He wanted out. But there was a chance that I’d overtake him, that the one small difference between us would be enough to make me stronger, and Lucifer knew that.”
Dean forgot that Sam can see Cas’ grace hickies on him. He knew that Sam had noticed before Dean told him they were together, but he didn’t realize that Sam had seen them from the freaking beginning!
Thank you everyone for all the feedback! Everyone who left a comment on the last chapter (including you, future readers), I am gently placing the cool rocks I found by the river into your hands. I'm genuinely SO thrilled to finally be getting to share all the secrets and "consequences" of the events of these 2 stories with y'all <33
Aside from feeling like he went through a blender, Dean feels… well, clear. It’s almost like purgatory-clear. It’s so easy to put things in perspective, to make priorities. His priority is whatever he wants to do. Should he be worried about it? Sounds exhausting. He’s been missing how easy his head was in purgatory. No need to look a gift-horse in the mouth. Cry over spilled milk. Whatever. He’ll get to everyone eventually.
“One—one condition,” Dean gets out, it feels like a whimper, “you can’t kill yourself to save him. Promise me that, Sam.”
Their first time is, well, it comes as a surprise. Pun intended. It’s kind of embarrassing.
Dean shakes his head, “No, I’m done. Let’s put a pin in it.”
See y'all on sunday!
a Winchester, Cas isn’t even human and Dean spent his whole life being trained to kill things like Cas on sight. But in the same moment Dean realizes he doesn’t want to draw these distinctions, because he doesn’t want Cas separated like that. He wants Cas in his inner circle, because Cas has earned his place there.
Bobby grumbles his way into the kitchen.
Cas reaches them, staggers forwards to put a hand on Dean’s exposed forearm as he says, “A wing. Like an angel.”
“Cas thinks because I’m, well, an archangel’s vessel means I can handle more grace than the average human,” Sam says, “and I’m not like, actually looking at him. It’s like, uh, wearing sunglasses. Filtered. There’s layers, and he’s like… not visual. It’s more… sound.”
The veins and shit that have Dean all tangled up burst into blue flame. Dean shouts, but it burns out so fast, and feels like ice rather than heat, that he barely has time to be afraid. The living corpses around him cackle as they burn to husks. Dean smells ozone— familiar. All of this sensation is familiar.
Cas doesn’t know how he escaped. Dean wants to ask:
“Cas knows who I am, when I was at my worst in hell,” Dean figures, “I don’t know if there’s anyone else out there who could handle that.”
“A few days?” Dean shouts.
Dean waits her out.
“Seriously,” Dean says, “I’m taking you home, man. But it’ll be easier if you’re fighting too. I know you’re good with a knife, it’ll just take some practice to make you a total badass. I’ll show you.”
“What just happened?” Bobby asks out loud.
“What the fuck,” Dean hisses, looks down at the shifter. It’s got a hard-on. From tasting his blood?
“Boy what in the hell are you talking about?”
a seraph, or even if my orders bind me to you," Cas says.
“Unless you’re dying, there’s nothing to cry over,” Dean reminds him. Dad always said that.
doing dangerous magic. At least, that’s what Dean assumes it is.
"I have much to think about," Cas says, "I don't know where to begin."
Snuggles may not fix everything, but they sure help soothe the pain. I really wanted to highlight how Dean has learned some caretaking/soft comfort methods from taking care of Sam, that he can now use on Cas. Also to show how TFW is a trio that all strengthen one another- Dean is usually the one Sam or Cas go to for support, but Dean can rely on them when he needs it.
Cas takes a sip, gags, and spits it back into the mug.
Dean’s skin crawls as Castiel looks at him, unblinking, unmoving, unbothered by everything Dean used to protect himself, to ward off evil. His stomach drops as Castiel reveals the truth of what he is, and that Dean is involved.
Something must show on his face because Sam immediately wrinkles his nose like he does when Dean eats three servings of rhubarb pie, “Gross.”
didn’t see myself settling down with a dude.”
He keeps discovering new images of Cas he wants to keep. Cas sleeping, Cas wrapped up in the housecoat, Cas smiling at books, Cas deep in thought, and more. Every time Dean thinks he’s gotten enough, that he’s seen it all, he looks at Cas again and wants to drink him in. Dean’s getting too used to this vessel, to looking at it and thinking ‘that’s Cas’ and noting all the ways Cas is making it his own body.
Even Cas seems confused by her presence, and then she says something— a word so bright, so sharp, that Dean recoils from it like it’s a physical thing. It had to be Enochian, and before Dean can try and guess what it means— Cas strikes him for the first time.
“No, I’ve slept with a few guys. I know stuff,” Sam shrugs. Like it’s no big deal.
“You still wanna have sex?” Dean asks.
“Leviathan,” Benny growls, and it’s the only time Dean ever sees him look genuinely nervous.
“Sounds like a good plan to me,” Dean agrees.
“What’s that— do you have to touch it?” Dean asks.
“Dean,” Cas groans, and Dean laughs. Dean’s the one that got fucked, and Cas sounds like Dean’s been teasing him the whole time.
Black leviathan goo leaks out from between its massive teeth, dripping constantly in an endless torrent that splatters in the leaf litter below.
And the unsaid thing is
For those keeping track, this chapter finishes the events of ch6 of TEA. You can note when Sam and Cas have their chat that ends ch6!
“Cas you’re—” Sam starts.
“I’m glad you’re okay,” Benny says, and crosses the distance between them. As soon as he’s in close, the fear of a potential fight melts away. All Dean cares about is how badly he wants Benny to touch him.
What’s going to happen to Cas after this? Who will take care of him?
Bobby copies the pose, “I figured.”
“I know you’re scared,” Bobby says, and Dean should protest that. He fights demons, ghosts and ghouls. He survived purgatory. Scary things are afraid of him. Dean isn’t scared of anything. But that’s not true.
Sam’s still twitchy, and Dean hopes Bobby’s also noticing. Cause Sam’s a big guy and if he’s about to try and take on three angels, it’s going to take two of them to pin him and stop him. Cas is still clinging to him, and Dean keeps his feet planted between Cas and Naomi.
“Most of the glass from my breaking of the windows went outside, so the room is hospitable. And ventilated,” he jokes.
big. And when Dean goes to work, he focuses on work. He’ll find time for fun, of course, but it won’t be his focus. That seems like a shame. Especially when he’s got this opportunity, when he’s got Cas to himself right now.
“Earth is much different than purgatory,” Cas agrees, “like it or not, I have more… responsibilities here.”
“Yeah,” Dean gets out. His jaw is locking up. Makes it hard to talk.
This isn’t the first time Cas has walked in on Dean sleeping under his bed. Some nights his paranoia gets too out of control, and he needs to feel sheltered to soothe it.
“No, seriously,” Dean says, “I don’t— I’m not in charge of you. I mean it. Whatever you do, you do it. I’ll tell you what I think, but I don’t own you. You choose your own life.”
Dean would love to put his back to Benny, but that just gives the vamp a better chance of attacking Dean in his sleep. So he clutches his blade to his chest and closes his eyes.
“So what do you want Dean?” Bobby asks, “you want me to sit back and watch you make the same mistakes your—”
Sam’s right. They’ve risked too much, have too much to gain, to fuck up closing the gates to hell when they’re one trial away. But it’s about saving Cas.
queer, just a failure to commit because he can’t be straight enough to be normal, or queer enough to actually be gay so he’s just a disappointment on all fronts. But it means that he’s got no idea where to start, if he needs like, fuck, equipment or what supplies or even how to, well, prep for anything.
“I figured it out,” Sam announces as he walks out of the bathroom.
“I don’t like this,” Bobby says. He tries wiping Sam’s face off again, but Sam’s still slowly bleeding from all orifices. His lips cracked when he was shouting, and there’s fresh blood in his teeth.
“You fucked yourself up dealing with her,” Dean reminds him, “if Cas and I hadn’t found you, you’d be dead.”
Thank you to everyone who left a comment on the last chapter. By now y'all know I love hearing your thoughts/responses, ESPECIALLY in these last chapters as everything comes together <3
Cas pulls back, though Dean doesn’t let go of his tie so he can’t go too far. It takes him a few test thrusts, with Dean’s encouragement— “less body, more hip”— and to figure out the angle, and then he’s fucking between Dean’s thighs, close enough to drag against Deans balls, his stomach rubbing up against Dean’s cock. And once Cas gets the rhythm of it, Dean can see the gears clicking in his head as he adjusts the angle of his hips, and how he’s balancing himself.
“How old are you?”
“I’ll order a pizza. What kind of toppings does he like?” Bobby says.
they’ve had between them for two years now has finally come to a head. It’s such a relief to feel fists, to take the hits.
Not for— fuck. This is one of Cas’ ‘I’m just some lowly grunt, I’m nothing special’ moods. Dean doesn’t understand why Cas can’t see how awesome he is. All the reasons  Dean loves him for.
Turns out it probably wasn’t friendship. And here in Purgatory, Dean doesn’t care to get into all the reasons why he didn’t, couldn’t, wouldn’t, understand that.
“Dean,” Cas sighs.
Cas mistakes the motion, and leans up to kiss him. Dean doesn’t have the core strength to get distracted, so he turns his head and Cas kisses his cheek. He feels, more than hears, Cas growl in frustration. Dean has to readjust his stance to straddling only one of Cas’ thighs, for this to work right, and on the third thrust he manages to line it up so both he and Cas get a good drag of their dicks together.
He’d said that last night, while he was clearly horny as hell about it.
And then fuck, fuck it’s happening. For all that Cas can be a bull in a china shop, he’s decisively gentle when he needs to be. Dean wants this so badly he’s been jerking off thinking about it every night that Cas hasn’t been around, and in the mornings on occasion too. He’s done enough research, he trusts Cas, and he
He’s kind of enjoyed being doted on, but there’s a line. Dean spies the notch he made on a tree, picks up his trail, and heads back towards camp.
“Amy,” Sam says, and Dean has no idea who the fuck that is, so Sam waits a beat before saying, “the kitsune. You know, my first corruption.”
Sam takes a position standing between Dean and Cas. Dean looks up at him. He’s putting Cas’ life in Sam’s hands, and there’s no one Dean would trust more. But Sam barely has a foot in reality right now, and they’re trusting that whatever he’s come up with is going to work.
The lights flash brighter on all of them, and Dean can’t take his eyes off of them. He lowers his blade, lets his shoulders relax. He catches himself, and averts his gaze immediately. Shit. Fuck. He can’t even look at them without getting whammied.
Welcome back! Thank you everyone for the kind words last chapter <3
“That must have been terrifying,” Cas says.
The afternoon passes with their faces in books. They try to relocate all research to the kitchen, to give Cas some space to rest, and check in on him periodically. Dean checks up on his stitches, makes sure Cas isn’t actually bleeding out, and wipes some of the extra blood off of him before it gets too dry.
there as the leviathan picks up the one monster and lifts its head to help the monster slide down it’s throat. But as soon as it’s in the leviathans mouth— sight line on the lights broken— the monster starts screaming. And it’s already too late.
Dean grips his beer so hard he almost crushes the can. Cas is casting out for some kind of solid ground. Angels need purpose, and God’s love gave them purpose. Cas loves Dean like an angel loves God. Dean loves Cas like a human would love another human. How fucked up.
“Okay,” Dean says carefully.
Sam is setting up some
it and I’m losing him, but I don’t want to think you’re some angel weapon.”
“You need to use your soul for this,” Bobby says, and says to Cas, “and I feel like Death might take one look and decide to reap you.”
Death takes a deep breath, and blows into Sam’s face. Sam’ recoils like he’s been shot, falling back into the bed and his back arches as he screams. It’s over as soon as it starts, and his body goes limp as he passes out. Death pats him on the head like a dog.
“I’m not mad!” Dean snaps. Fuck, fuck. Has he always been this obvious? Did purgatory just stamp a ‘huge fucking queer’ neon sign on him?
“Yes,” Cas says immediately, “but it will give away our location. And the recovery may… incapacitate you for a while.”
“Shut up!” Dean shouts. He’s on his feet. What’s he going to do? Run? Pack his bags and disappear? Fight? Prove that he’s not weak, he’s still strong?
“Oh,” Sam whispers, but his voice cracks. It always freaks him out when he realizes he’s forgotten things.
“Sure, why the hell not,” Dean grits out, and forces himself to move.
“Ow,” Dean whines.
“I’m going to do my best,” Sam promises, talking like Dean’s world isn’t falling apart, “I think I can stabilize him. It’ll give us more time to come up with a real solution.”
He’s pushed from behind, feels the press of long, thick teeth against his back, feels wet ooze as it drips down his back, and feels the leviathan inhale deeply as it takes in his scent. He falls forwards, almost into the head in front of him. The third head hisses and snaps at the one who got too close.
“I did,” Cas says quickly, and hesitates before he says, “I do. I still do.”
Benny thought his mate was dead. That he was all alone. And then he and Dean…
“Then you’re going to kill him!” Bobby shouts.
“You are still warded against angels,” Cas reminds him, “I only found your location because I recognized Sam’s energy.”
“I’m glad you’re okay,” Dean starts.
The light builds and builds even then, threatening to blow past Dean’s eyelids, and he has to cover his face with both hands, and turn to the floor. Fuck! Fuck! Cas needs to get back into his vessel so he doesn’t melt Dean’s brain out. The shriek of Cas’ true voice fills everything, Dean hunches his shoulders up around his ears but he can’t block it out, he can’t get away from the awesome force that is Cas’ true self manifested. His skin is going to boil or his brain is going to explode, he’s not sure which one is going to happen first and—
“Lock the door,” Dean points, before rolling over to his side of the bed.
“His powers are not inherently evil,” Cas reminds Dean, “they are simply a sense you lack.”
“Dean and I do share a… more profound bond,” Cas says, like it’s obvious.
“How the fuck can he surprise you? You’re an angel!” Dean snaps.
“So what does that mean?” Dean demands.
If you’re coming from
Dad admitted, so drunk he probably never remembered saying it, that he was glad Sam left. That Sam got away from the life, and that he could have a future. Dean put him to bed, and never talked to him about it.
to eat something. He’s even resorted to trying to eat leaves, or turning over rocks and sticks in a hurry to find some bugs. No bugs to be found, and while he hasn’t poisoned himself, the vegetarian diet isn’t very filling. Being here is not sustainable. Dean is definitely on a time crunch, and he’s not sure how much longer his body can keep going.
“Are you God?” Bobby blurts out. Dean’s stomach drops at the thought.
Cas’ stupid, dirty coat is still in the trunk of Dean’s car.
Dean swallows audibly, “You— you’re dropping on us that Sam might— is— could be, like, God? And that’s
Dean nods against Bobby’s shoulder.
Dean slowly winds the tie around his hand, to give himself a better grip on it. When he pulls at it, Cas doesn’t budge. Super angel strength, of course, but Dean’s stubborn. And really fucking turned on. Cas likes the game of Dean taunting him into kissing him, or giving Cas reason to pin him down to shut him up. If that game can move into sex? Well… there’s a lot of ways Dean can be annoying if it’ll mean Cas fucking him stupid.
It’s got something of a neck, and then Dean guesses a snake-ish, eel-like body with segments like a worm. Except it’s got legs. Lots of them. Like a freak centipede, lots of multi-jointed legs all ending in massive claws. They brace the heavy body on everything— ground, rock, trees, as the leviathan peers around it’s surroundings.
Dean whimpers as his soul slides back into place, and terror rises high in his throat like bile. An angel? Why the fuck would Sam have an angel wing? Sam’s human. Humans don’t have wings!
Cas doesn’t look away from Death as he steps forwards. Dean notices that Cas sidesteps to put himself between Death and Bobby.
“They’re kinda gross,” Dean confesses, “anything with more than four legs? Freaks me out.”
“Would’ve been nice to be there for you,” Bobby admits, “how long have you been hiding this?”
“You’re lucky I want out of here,” Benny says, “so I guess I’ll have to take care of you.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, and pulls Cas closer, “but let’s vibe a little longer, first.”
"I'm being reduced to a fucking care bear," Dean whines, "that's it, magic stuff is done. I'm pulling the plug."
, Dean reminds himself. It’s supposed to be a powerful mantra. To help Dean choose the right thing, the good thing, to do. Cas makes Dean all confused in the head.
isn’t strong enough to last.
Sam was trapped with the devil, for longer than Dean wants to think about.
Other than the paranoid vigilance, the intense codependency, Sam doesn’t notice anything seriously wrong with Dean. That worries Dean. Has he always been obviously queer? Is he doing a good job at hiding it? Was he the last one to know, and was everyone laughing at him?
“I won’t choose him over you,” Cas says.
“He said Lucifer and I were the same, in all ways. That’s why Lucifer could use my soul to kill himself.”
Typical.
The touch of skin is surprising, not only for the fact that Cas is always both warmer and cooler than Dean expects him to be, but also that Dean is surprised every time with how strong he is because it’s so
Cas loves him, Dean knows this. And when everything is purgatory-clear, when Dean feels pure with the rush of a good fight, a good kill, the fact that Cas loves him doesn’t terrify him.
Dean lets out a sigh of relief, and it almost chokes him. The air is glass in his throat. Sammy did it. He saved Cas. Whatever he did— wait, where’s Sam?
This is a very complicated time to have just told someone you're in love w him Dean :(
Dean hasn’t been able to guess if Sam’s pranking him, or mad at him. And if so, for what? Why the hell does beer need to be sour? Or dark? And what on gods green earth is an IPA?
“Does that mean you’ll help?” Dean checks.
Cas shows up with a warm cup of tea for Sam, to which he and Sam start talking about new blends or something they’re trying. And how different honey tastes good with different tea or something. It all sounds like gibberish.
Dean doesn’t touch a single stair on the way up. He dodges as a framed picture flies off the wall, kicks open the door. Hit with a gust of cold air. Sam’s sprawled in his bed. Shit’s levitating and moving around the room. Dean leaps right onto Sam and shakes him awake. He’s hot to the touch.
Dean sighs, “Cas, whether you need to or not, we can all tell you’re hungry. Just eat some food—”
“Yes,” Cas stammers, “I have— there are— I’ll return later.”
If only Dean was smart enough for words. Action will have to do.
?” Dean snarls.
There is a LOT of pain in these chapters, I know :( I promise happier times are coming!!!
They finally make it back to Bobby’s. There are a few lights on, some candles burning in other places where they still need to replace the light bulbs. Dean can feel the pull to Cas getting stronger. It strikes him that he could walk in the door and kiss Cas hello and it would be okay.
Horseman of Death, after we pissed him off by putting him in chains last time we talked, without any offerings?” Bobby asks.
“And my soul sings?” Dean repeats. Cas kept saying that when they were kissing.
"I never realized you could care for— for something like me. In that regard," Cas says.
Dean stares at him.
“We talked about retiring,” Dean admits, “Sam doesn’t want it. Not yet.”
Cas sticks around for the drive home. Dean’s grateful for him to be here. Being alone for hours and not knowing if Sam’s okay or not would have driven him crazy.
“I have to go.” Castiel stood up and walked away and Sam immediately stopped Dean from catching him.
“I just, I mean this is very strange you know,” Sam said walking out of the library. “If we were still in heaven wouldn’t find us eventually, I’m not sure we’re in hell either. This place is similar but awfully strange you know.”
“So, you've improved.” She said playing with her knives. “This thing is getting better and better.”
“Except that only some chosen one who will be able to use it,” Diana spoke once he finished.
“No, Sam. This is something I’ve never seen before and something else happens.” Castiel feels the hesitation to continue but he knows he has to tell them everything. “After Jack pulled me out of the empty my grace is fading rapidly, when we got here he was trying to fix me but he can’t, I can feel myself rejecting him and I don’t why because every other angel can be fixed. I was in the process of being human when this shockwave happened and then I could feel my spark lit and burn through my vessel, the next thing I know I’m an angel again.” Castiel gets many different reactions but everything become doesn’t matter anymore when he saw a glimpse of regret in Dean’s eyes.
“I’m Dean.” He said.
“Okay, Diana. Why don’t you drop it and came with me to the station.” His feet step on the ruins as he became closer.
Kelly smiles as she grabbed his hand tightly. “I know, he is going to be amazing. Thank you, Cass. All of this would never happen without you.” She recollecting her memory of the time Castiel made a deal with the empty.
“Is this person have a name or you just made it up and you can skip town without me,” Sam said with irritation. He doesn’t know where the thought came from but seeing the look on Dean’s face he knows he’s right. Dean rolled his eyes as apparently, his ability to lie is somehow failing him, he doesn’t have any clue how Sam can guess what he thought but for now, it doesn’t matter to him. He just needs some answer even if it’s only a small one. He’s been a hunter for years and could solve a demon problem within days but now it’s already more than a week and he’s got nothing.
“Okay, I’m sorry,” Jess screams on the top of her lungs begging for him to stop.
“See?” Dean stretched his arms to Sam who still doesn’t agree with them because deep down he knew that Diana is a good person and she could help him understand everything that’s happened.
“Hey!” He screamed at the sight of a girl walking toward them and then he saw Sam’s face getting paler. “Help.” He said before dropped to the ground but still holding Sam.
and then he was thrown across the room and hit the wall in the motel room.
“Sam, I don’t know about you but he is right. We can’t remember people we just met.” Jody said. “What if this is not about us who remember?” Donna continued.
“I’m fine, Dean,” Castiel replied giving him a reassuring look. “But there’s something you and Sam need to know.”
Suddenly a loud thud echoed through the alley and took everyone’s attention. Sam and Dean both look at each other before Sam reaches his gun behind his back and walks first. Dean signing Claire who runs from the kitchen to go back and protect the other before finally followed Sam behind to the library where the source of the sound is. They slowly walked in with Sam pointing his gun and Dean watched his surrounding until his eyes catch the sight of Castiel lay down on the broken table and blood gushing out of his mouth. Dean ran as fast as he could and grab him, his eyes scanning the rest of his body to check for another fatal injury but he didn't see anything else so with Sam’s help he moved Castiel to the one of the bedroom nearby.
“This is Haniel.” She said with a forced smile.
“Wait, Dean. If I can remember who I really am maybe we will have more chance to defeat Valery.” Sam holding Dean’s arm and stopped him from walking down the alley. “In case you haven’t noticed, she overpowered us all. We can’t defeat her, not like this.”
“And what if you do get to remember and we still gonna get our ass kick?” Dean asked rhetorically.
“Well you’re right about that but I can do this.” Rowena smiles as she understand what he meant but then she yelled a word
In a split of seconds he arrived at the church Naomi meant courtesy of his new wings he can travel everywhere again. Stepping to earth again is a different story for him. Everything just feels like yesterday for him, still fresh in his mind the first time Dean asked him to come around to town, posing as an FBI agent, and how everything seems so strange for him. Revisits those memories again make something in his heart fluttered with contentment.
“Your mind spoke to me.” She answered and with everyone looked doubtful Castiel could sense that she was telling truth but again he knew too much now to just counting on it right now.
Jody was the first one to hear it.
“If you’re going to heaven just asked questions. Why are you ended up bloody on the floor?” Sam asked after a while of thinking.
“Sam has a new superpower.” Dean forced a smile as he said it and then leaves without another word.
“Because it’s not your burden, Dean. I made peace with my choice and I know, I know you will do everything you can to save me and even if I said no you will never stop, that’s why I never tell you.” Castiel's voice is composed and calm. “I can’t watch you go through that again. Not with everything you have to go through.”
Castiel steps the green grass underneath his shoes with Kelly Kline right beside him. He kept his hands hidden in his coat. Flowers are blooming everywhere he looks and smiles never leaves his face.
“Maybe find Jack. You said you know where to find him.” He wants to put up with anything about him. He will.
all the time?” Dean shrugged his hand and his anger was painted in his eyes as he looked at Sam. “Why can’t we get peace like everyone else? Why it’s us who stuck in some cosmic crap?”
“You don’t have to say anything, Dean.” Castiel holds Dean’s shoulder and holds it tight. “Just as I said, my happiness isn’t in the having, it’s just in being here, by your side, and it’s enough for me.”
“Castiel, I don’t know you were visiting us?” Mary said out of nowhere.
“Only one way to figure it out.” He said looking at Sam with furrowed brows. “If someone putting walls between you and your real memory maybe I can break it down.”
“OK, do it,” Sam said without hesitation. He wants to know the truth and he will do anything to get it.
She knew she could accept what she said but then it has some truth in it. She remembered Doug was turned into a vampire before somebody helped her turn him back to human but could remember who helped them and she surely doesn’t know anything about vampire cure.
“I was just having a patrol and then there is strange light coming from inside the church so I went inside but before I can do that the roof exploded and there is this light shot to the sky. I thought it was lightning but it’s not,” Clark explained with terror filled his eyes as if he can’t even believe what he saw. “When I get inside there this girl just standing in the middle with a weird glowing stick in her hand,”
“Yeah, peachy.” He answered before took a sip of his coffee and let out a relieved sigh.
“Okay, what’s the plan, Cass?” Dean said as soon as they entered the room and Sam could notice the changes in Dean’s face that made him feel equally happy.
Diana dropped the tip of her stave into the green grass as soon as she stepped on it. The Garden of Eden is the place she misses the most and the only place she had left after everything being taken from her and she will guard it with all of her heart. She slowly approached the tree in front of her. Even after all this time, she doesn’t see any changes that matter in the garden. The grass, the flowers, and the trees are still as same as the last time she saw it, and somehow just seeing it brought peace to her heart.
Sam hesitates to tell the girls but then he looked at Dean knowing that he’s going to tell them everything. He began to see the change in him where he doesn’t care about anything anymore and he knows why. His brother is angry and tired, he saw it may time and he does too but it didn’t stop him from getting to the bottom of this. At some point, he was scared of what comes next but he has to be brave for himself, his brother, and everyone he loves.
“Sam. We didn’t have the chance to know each other.” She stopped a few feet from them and smiled at Sam. “Hi, I’m Valery. It’s nice to see you still standing. I thought after I killed your imaginary wife you’ll be a pile of sadness, I guess it’s true what they said. Revenge is a strong motivator. Isn’t that what you feel about me right now?”
“I don’t know, it’s too dark to see, but she did say something before disappeared.” Castiel listened closely to the officer. “She said something about somewhere to go and a plan to run.”
“Yeah,” Sam answered as Dean walked to Castiel and Claire who standstill on the ground beside each other. “Hi, Miley.” He said with a grin ignoring the pain from his lips.
Sam smiled at what her saying and after giving more hugs to everyone and passing stories of what they’ve been through for an hour they turn in for the rest of the night and discuss what to with the demon and their newfound powers which both Sam and Dean agreed to tell it once they all have a rest. When everyone got to their room only Castiel, Sam, and Dean remain in the library with half bottle of whiskey on the table.
“Dude, what the hell,” Sam said in irritation as he tries to pull the handcuff as if it’s going to snap open itself when Dean closed the door and walk to the woods by himself.
“You sure you wanna do this alone?” Jody asked looking at Dean as they were all in front of the stairs.
“Only one way to find out,” Sam said walking to the door but then a surge of energy blast through the door and threw them across the room.
I'm a little bit of a hopeless romantic so I hope you can forgive the sappiness
“You wrote almost everything, this is healing, light, agony, truth, expels, vision, invisible, protect,” She keeps on and on while pointing each sigil that Sam drew and he watched her every move. “Can you help me made a list of it?” He asked later.
“Canton, Ohio.”
“Yeah, I’m fine.” Sam gave a little smile as a sign that he doesn’t mind her asking question, the only thing he cared about right now is finding out Dean’s next move which he’s hesitant to share, he just suddenly knew it and it pisses him off.
Sam finally awake from his daydream and looking at his surroundings with confusion but not because he didn’t recognize the place but because he can’t be in this place. The closest thing he could call home during his life as a hunter. The bunker. He watched his brother in front of him giving a knowing look as he is the one who wakes him up from his daydream.
“That was, wow,” Jody spoke after a long silence.
“Yeah.” Sam nodded and smiles a little. “Maybe we can use some help too.” He proposed remembering Diana who helped him back in the barn before left with Haniel.
“Mary? I was already here a few minutes ago with Sam and Dean.” He said with more questions surface and nothing he already knew could answer it.
“He was there when God light the universe and was told to guard the Garden ever since, the tree of life specifically, and he never left even after God cast out Adam and Eve and hide it away,” Castiel explained through his tired voice and watched as their expression changed.
“Nice seeing you too, Cass.” He said after Claire walked toward Sam and hugging him too.
Valery was walking to Dean with her knife was ready to cut his throat but then suddenly his hand moved to wipe the blood from the corner of his mouth and create a letter that came to his mind out of nowhere, he drew it without a second thought or thinking and then light instantly shot from his hand as if it was a reflex he aims it to Valery and the demon was burned before disappeared into thin air as the light slowly goes out.
Sam and Dean are screaming at the feel of it but then the pain slowly reduced until it was gone. They looked at the girl mesmerized at what she had done and yet it also spikes the curiosity when she lifts her hand from their arm leaving an old burned scar in the shape of a letter like what Sam did to Dean earlier.
“That’s for what you did Lisa and Ben you son of bitch.” The man said as he wipes his machete from the blood.
Knowing his brother is losing the fight Dean has no other option than to help him out so he walked toward them and grabs her shoulders to get rid of her from Sam who just put to the ground with her feet on his neck and throws her away enough from Sam but instead her body was flying to the wall creating a big hole before falling to the ground.
“Maybe it's Jack, he’s probably still in heaven.” Sam guessed. “I mean think about it. This is not an earthquake, the only one strong enough to pull this thing is him.”
“I waited so long for this and this time I’m not weak.”  Her voice was deep with rage and hatred as she raises her hand and slams it back down. The spear followed her moved and the pointy end pierces through the floor.
“This is insane. I’m out of here.” Dean said after hearing Sam explained to him about the possibility that their soul was incomplete and he has a way to restore it.
“I’m fine.” He finally answered with a flat tone that makes Dean realized nothing is good happened and he began to wonder if the sudden silence is because of him.
The woman,
“Cass, I.” Dean stops at his word as the feeling in his chest is too hard to carry until he can’t breathe properly. “I specifically told you over and over not to do anything stupid. I can’t. I can’t do this without you, I won’t.”
“Yeah, you just keep the girl save and cook us some chicken when we're done,” Dean answered hugging Jody. She laughed at his saying and patted his shoulder. “Done.” She replied.
“Then what is she?” Sam wants to yell in front of his face but somehow he knows how Dean will react if he did.
Dean looked over his shoulder where Sam is walking behind him and thinking about what he said. He knows there is a truth in there and even if he wanted to deny it so bad he knew Sam was true. He can’t sacrifice the people he cares about and loves just so he can be at peace. It’s not right.
Dean hesitates to speak because the empty room doesn’t give him the ease to talk since there is probably tons of demon waiting in the dark to attack him for dragging them back to hell.
“You’re right Kelly.” His voice is deep and calm. “Jack, he became someone who you always believed he’s going to be, he made the world without pain or hunger or want. I saw him made the world with no fear and suffering and without hate. It’s beautiful.” He said to her.
Sam frowned at her saying and then he got to thinking about his vision that could’ve been true. She has to know something and he desperately wants to know. “Remember what?” He said tried as hard as he could not attack her while all of his instinct told him so.
“A what?” The man who referred to himself as Castiel asked Sam. “A charcoal.”
Suddenly a fire was lit spontaneously and trapped them in a circle. Dean gave his knife to Sam out of reflex and they were standing back to back as the fire grow higher and burn the trees. A woman walked in from the fire with a smile carved in her lips, her hands holding two black Chinese ring daggers carved with unknown letters.
Castiel moved uncomfortably in his side and watched Dean while thinking in his own head. He scooted over a little closer and intertwined his fingers in a tight grip.
Without a word Dean pulled Castiel to his arms and held him tight as the familiar feeling flooding through his chest. He felt it every time Castiel is near only happiness and contentment.
“Well if you mean that I can shot a freaking sun out of my hand and burn a demon, no. I don’t.” Dean said pour another whiskey into his glass and lean back to his chair watching Castiel sitting across him. “I just, I just very strong sometimes and that’s it.” He said it without hesitation because knew well what happened to him and for a brief moment he is scared. He still is.
“You don’t have to. I mean you’re not there so you can do with that what you want.” Haniel doesn’t seem concerned about Sam’s trust issues and he kept continuing. “One of the first humans contained more than a soul in them. They also have traces of his powers that gave them special abilities, you know them as Adam and Eve but it’s not just them. There are at least hundreds of them but then Lucifer came along. Afraid that Lucifer has his claw too deep in them he kicked Adam and Eve to earth and asked me to kill the rest but I saved one, her.” He pointed at Diana who sighed heavily.
“And then we’re here.” Dean blurted out in frustration.
She maintained her smile for a little while when slowly the light fades and her eyes still glowing. She took her stave and lifts it from the ground, leaves a deep burning hole surrounded by cracked tiles.
Jody and Donna could feel they slowly drift into sleep and entering a dark place. They can hear their own thought shouting and mingle together like a broken record. It’s overwhelming as they hold each other as if they could be drowned but then they could hear Castiel’s voice but he was nowhere to be found.
“I just lost Jessica. My wife.” Sam staring at the books as the memory feels so vivid yet it doesn’t bring so much pain as earlier.
“I said enough, Dean. Why don’t you tell us what’s going on right now.” John interrupted and somehow Castiel felt grateful. He knows why Dean angry, it’s been his defense mechanism for so long and the way he left things is probably what set him off.
“Talk to me.” He said mirroring the calm and compose that Castiel always has when arguing with his own wrath.
As soon as Sam wrote the letter he saw earlier on top of his wound it sizzles like meat on a hot pan and Dean screamed as he kept continue to draw it and when it’s done his wound instantly closes and the veins return to their normal color. Sam sighed in relief as well as everyone in the room as the wound was completely gone and only left the letter Sam write like an old burning mark. Dean passed soon after the wound is gone and leaves everybody in relief.
“You changed into a snake.” Diana blurted out. “And. This - this is all I’ve ever wanted since the dawn of time. Look at us, do you really think you can forgive him?” She said took a step back and grabs her stave that has been standing by her side.
“How strong?” Castiel still doesn’t please with his answer and with everything that’s going on Dean’s calm is the last thing he would’ve expected.
“That bitch.” Dean said between his breaths.
She remembers yelling at Doug to stop, begging him not to leave but she didn’t remember there is another person in the room and one of them told her to let him go.
“Dean, I don’t think this is just her,” Sam said after thinking about what she said. “She can’t be alone, I think what she said is just to distract us from finding who is behind all of this.”
“Oh, it’s the first language.” He said making Sam frowned looking at him. “It’s one of the first languages of God. How to put in human terms,” He seems to think a little bit and making Sam grew curious. “Oh, it’s like when you’re still a baby and got to say your first word. Something like that.”
“I thought I actually killed her last night.” Sam is unbelievably disappointed in himself.
“Dean.” Sam held Dean’s arm as he laying on the ground and blood keep sipping out. Between the panic of the sight of blood and worry, he could feel sadness is the one which dominates his feeling right now and the most bizarre thing is that this sadness is way worse than losing Jess in the fire. He easily forgets that he has blood on his head while Jody is slowly waking up and approached them.
“What?” Claire asked as Alex took Patience to sit across Sam and Dean.
“Sam is right,” Bobby replied.
“Just please, remember.” He continues. “Remember who helped you with the monsters, who save you, who make you who you are right now.”
A truck stopped in front of their house and he can see Bobby driving it. He quickly got out and gave everyone a little hug before asking the same question.
“Well ain’t that just a peach,” Bobby said sarcastically.
After breakfast, they have a long discussion about the demon Valery about what kind of demon she is, and Sam revealed that she had yellow eyes, which spark another question since they thought Asmodeus is the last one of a kind and he was killed by Gabriel. Claire has search through the lore and she didn’t find anything about her or why she surfaced just now. Sam trying to convince Jody and Claire to sit this one out but they were insisted to help until Dean spoke. “This demon wants us, she doesn’t come after you or the girls. So, let’s keep it that way.”
“She is not chosen,” Haniel rolled his eyes watching Diana. “She is one of the first humans.”
“Donna about what happened,” Sam said thick with regret but Donna stopped him before he could finish. She knows what he was referring to what happened in Hastings with the vanishing hunters and it’ll never be Sam’s fault.
He opened the door and walked outside but as soon as he looked ahead he realized that he walked into the bunker, he froze as his heart pounding trying to understand the circumstances while Dean cursed behind him.
“By remember your memories about Sam and Dean, you will summon their memories too, you are their family, you shared a bond with them, it’ll be powerful enough to summon their piece of soul and put it back without damage,” Castiel explained. “You, Claire, Alex, and Patience are their family.”
At night Castiel finally awakens and found Dean just sitting right beside him with a few books on his side while Sam doing his own research on his new ability. When he sat back on the bed, it caught Dean’s attention and he immediately went closer and held Castiel’s shoulder as if he still needed support.
A sheriff’s car slowly stopped in the driveway held Dean’s to ask Sam about anything else. A woman stepped out of the car and approached them. She wears a brown leather jacket that covered her small frame and she gave them a small smile before finally says hi. “I’m sheriff Jody Mills, are you Sam Harrington? The one who rents room number 121?” The sheriff asked politely. “Yeah, that’s me,” Sam answered looking at the sheriff who once again spikes another familiarity in his chest, he feels like he knew the woman but he can’t figure out where.
“I know.” Is the only thing Dean has to say and again Sam doesn’t blame him. He knew the feeling of can’t save someone you loved. He has it so many times especially to Jessica and it will forever scar him.
“Oh, nothing. I just thought it would be fun to fight the messenger of God’s destruction but it gets boring you know. Especially those brats, they made me nauseous sometimes.” She stopped right in front of them and watched them with amusement. “So, who’s going to punch me first?”
“How is Cass?” He said took a seat across from Dean who had his legs on the table. “He looks good right?” He asked again with a small smile as he watches Dean moved uncomfortably in his chair.
“OK, so maybe we can ask someone else in heaven?” He pushed aside his anger and hate because he wants to be useful for once.
“Hey, not trying to be a team killer here but I’m great,” Dean said with a wide smile as if he was trying to convince everybody in the room he is actually good with who he is but Castiel knew better. He is not fine, he can see the pain and agony in his eyes and they were the exact same look when the first time he met the man yet he always thought that no matter how much pain and agony Dean held he always going to be the beautiful man he has ever known.
But before they could move one step they heard the wind softly being slapped and Dean froze as Castiel suddenly standing right in front of them.
“Sam and Dean?” Bobby asked in confusion. “They’re not dead yet you know, it been like what? Yesterday, since they beat God.” He continued and then suddenly Castiel have a feeling of where the brother might be and what is possibly going on. Without another word he left.
The next day after the sun goes down Dean finally has a hit of where the demon will be using Rowena’s spell. He drove few miles just outside the town with Sam sit beside him looking pale. It was started in the morning when Sam suddenly got hit by a serious headache that caused him to faint a few times. Dean was just about to ditch him but then he couldn’t find the courage to do it even when his mind to him so but inside he knows he has to look out after him.
Sam sighed at what his brother said, it was the truth and he is tired. Tired of being a part of a game or planned and getting caught up in between. But he knew he can’t stop just because he’s tired and did Dean, they just simply can’t because the world might just depend on them to save when no one will. It was just a feeling he can’t ever ignore.
“What the hell?” Dean asked in irritation as he looked at his surroundings.
“You know him?” Sam asked.
“You’re strong Dean. Have you ever wondered who gave it to you?” She said coming back to her feet.
Sam and Dean are both nodded before taking her upstairs and out of the bunker where the rest of the girls were already in their car. They both said goodbye once again before taking off.
“It’s not your fault, Dean,” Sam told him what he said back then and he will say it again. “He chooses to summon the empty and saved you because he thought it was the right thing to do. It what he always does remember?”
“You don’t have to thank me. I’m just glad seeing you boys again.” Jody lifted her bag and put it on her shoulder. “Just take care, OK?”
“Yeah, you’re right.” He said before opening the bunker’s door then walked in. He took a deep breath, he is not ready he never was but this is their life. Sam gave him a small smile as he grabs the door handle and slammed it back shut. “We got work to do.”
“People will have to remember you, Sam. People you were close with.”
“Is that possible?” Sam asked Castiel at last.
“You’ve changed so much, are you sure this is what you want?” Haniel asked sincerely when he looks at her eyes, there is not much more joy and love as she used to and it concerned him.
“How is it?” He asked Jody.
“I’m fine, Dean,” Castiel answered again in the same manner.
A single tear falling from Dean’s cheek and even when there is no imminent threat around him he still can’t act out his feeling because he used to ignore it so much he can’t even realize what is he actually feels and now with Castiel right in front of him with a small smile that he never sees before everything around him becomes brighter. He knows this is what he wants but he doesn’t know where to begin, he wants to act out but parts of him scared that he will make a mistake. So here he is once again, just stood there, tears in his eyes, hearing the thing he never thought he would.
“Yeah, you can exactly tell the sheriff if a demon set my wife on fire.” Dean shrugs his shoulder knowing Sam is right and despite the weird déjà vu vibe he’s feeling around Sam he enjoyed his company.
“Yeah, good for you. Now, what do you want?” Dean said after recovering from the blast and he is mad.
Before anyone could ask again a voice calling Diana making everyone turned their back to see a tall man with a white button-up shirt, black pants, and messy brown hair suddenly appeared holding a silver stave with a pointy end. “I told you I don’t want to hold this. I’m not your bitch boy.” He said walking to Diana furiously. “And don’t leave me like that.”
The church filled with cops and local people trying to grab a picture of the ruins. He approached one of the officers and pulled out the fake badge he still kept in his pocket. He could feel a wave of power still emitting from the church as if angels have smite the place with all of heaven’s power but surprisingly no one feels the effect of it.
“What are you doing here?” A man with a police badge and leather jacket asked behind her back with a flashlight pointed at her.
“The spell,” Dean answered.
“Funny, you said that like you can hurt me,” Dean remembers the first time they’ve ever spoken is when he exorcize a demon she just showed right in front of him and ask for a deal. When he refused she doesn’t hesitate to release a spell but it doesn’t work on him while his entire room is turned into dust, that’s when she realized something protecting Dean so she uses another way which is including the name and location of every demon on earth also a demon blade.
“Dean enough. Okay, why don’t we get inside and think this through? You boys are closed with him so why don’t you ask him later.” John stated as he’s trying to keep everyone calms down.
“You’re not going anywhere. This is my case you just find yourself a hospital and go back to wherever you come from.” He replied with a stern voice.
“What was that?” Sam asked as he looks at his brother like he just saw a ghost.
“What?” Mary caught Sam’s hesitation and she wondered what’s in her son’s mind.
“That was cute guys, I got to hand it to you for strangers you still know how to take care of each other.” She said walked closer to them while playing with her knife. “Well, I guess it just a matter of time before you guys remember again.”
“Well, uh, Chuck is destroying other worlds before he come for us maybe you what you saw is just a brief moment before it happened,” Sam said after a few minutes of silence. “Or it’s probably nothing.” Dean blurted out.
Sam walked forward when she stretched her arms in his direction and he hugged her tightly. “Thank you, for everything.” He said after it.
Dean watched as the look on Castiel’s eyes getting darker and darker and his heartbeat in a tremendous amount of speed as he’s saying. He wished holding hands or a little kiss will ease it but it’s never that easy for both of them as if for a second the tide is calm before the earthquake shook the ocean and began to be a wild and destructive tide.
“So, it’s true. You’ve been in the garden since,” Sam couldn’t believe himself. “Since the dawn of creation.”
Dean stops his car in front of a preserved woods sign. He looked at Sam who apparently still has a migraine but insisted to tag along. “You sure you’re OK?” Dean asked.
“I can’t Cass. It’s too many.” Donna said trying to block all of the voices.
Before Sam was able to say anything the pain from the cut became more painful and it burns through their skin. Sam could see their veins were slowly turned to a color of burned metal and he knew how to cure it but he can’t find charcoal to do it. Dean pulls his shoulder and walked him to the door but the pain is getting unbearable where Dean trying his best to hold it together, he was familiar with the pain but watching his brother having it too made it two times worst.
“OK, Claire and I will go  The other will stay here in case Sam and Dean are back, OK?” Jody said pointing at the bunker’s front door.
“Oh, I’m sorry I think you’re mistaken. All of my demons are in here and I keep them on a tight leash.” Rowena said with confidence.
“Are you sure they’re back?” Castiel asked again but before Jody could answer her phone rings with a new text message.
“It appears that all of you just forget about them before Jody and Donna got their memories back,” Castiel explained as he looks at the rest of the girls.
“No!” He screams trying to save her but the fire spread so fast and suddenly someone grabs his shoulder and yanks him out. He tried to fight the man who dragged him as he screams Jess’ name and watches as the woman just stands still behind her burning body with a smile that’s never gone from her lips.
Sam understand where Haniel was going but it doesn’t make sense to him, it sounds like complete lies and he didn’t buy any of it then he looked at Diana who still holding her stave like it was part of her and she just like any other girl just with weird attitude and a lot of silence which lead him to another suspicion that Haniel is a complete liar just like any other angel. “No, it’s not possible. Angels are His children.”
“Stop it.” She said as she snaps her finger and light emitted from the snake very fast. Figures of man standing tall appear slowly after the light disappears to create a small smile on her lips.
“I need your help?” Castiel said doing as best as he could to avoid Dean’s glare. He could see anger radiated from him and he’s not ready for it.
“Can you tell me what you saw?” Castiel asked as put away his badge.
“Cass, I-”
The man doesn’t answer him and he simply closed his eyes trying to focus but Dean let out a painful groan which made the man stops. “I can’t heal his wound.” He said.
“Bitch!” Dean cursed as he stood.
“Hi. I’m,”
“Well, I’m sorry but you’re not exactly in great shape so I do what I had to do.” Dean holds himself down to not yelled back but he knew he wants to.
“You’re OK?” His voice was full of concerns as he asked.
“Your angel?” Sam asked reluctantly.
“The face I saw,” Castiel sighed in between his words. “I saw what Lucifer’s face was like – his true face – was like and it’s terrible. It draws out fear you don’t realize you have but, but this.”
“Please, whatever you want I will give it to you. Just let her go.” Sam said trying to walk slowly to Jess while being very cautious.
“I know where the demon will be,” Claire said the moment they were outside the bunker with Alex, Kaia, and Patience. “But a strange thing happened to me, I was driving here and then I got a painful headache but then suddenly I saw or I think I saw Sam and Dean in front of me. What is happening?”
“No, they can’t. Demons are the most unwelcomed in there but maybe she found a spell to do it but it still doesn’t make any sense.” Castiel connected the time of their disappearance with the time where the gate of heaven is broken, it can’t be a coincidence.
“Sam.”
Sam and Dean woke up in an empty barn with a recollection of everything they just went through. Sam immediately recognized the barn as the place where he watched his brother die and as soon as he wrapped his mind around it he sighed watching Dean is sitting right beside him, a little dizzy like he was, but alive. The barn holds his worst nightmare and he never wants it happened again.
“Exactly, that’s why I assigned you for something else. The remaining angels will come to earth and collect the souls and you find the thing that responsible for this before it does any more damage.” Naomi scattered through all of her papers before looking back at him. “The source of the power is in a local church in Minnesota.”
All of his life he thought he never could have anyone close because the risk of losing is far too great so he gave it up but with Castiel, whenever he’s gone all he could think of is the regrets. The regret of having to say what he doesn’t mean out of anger and the fact that even then Castiel is the one who always took the first step of saving him. He could never forget the angel who raised him from hell and lift him to his feet.
“Oh, well this thing is pre-lore.” He answered flipping through pages with Diana by his side watching the book as well. “He didn’t want any being to know about this because it could be used to channel his power, so yeah, imagine if this thing spread, anyone could draw out his power and used it for anything they want.”
“Morning agent, I’m Officer O’Neil and this is Officer Clark.” The officer stands beside the other who sits on the floor with a blanket on his shoulder.
“She, she got here and kill us all.” She watched as everyone's expression changed.
“Hi, Sammy.” She said.
She never remembers saying it to anyone and then suddenly she felt a pull in her stomach and then she saw it, a boy she recognized as her son killed his husband and when he was about to attack her someone dragged her out of the house. He doesn’t remember who it was but his face was somehow familiar.
“I know.” Jess moved from her seat and places a kiss near his lips before turning up the radio and return to her seat. “So, who’s your client?” She asked.
“Again man, I know what I saw. There is a woman in here and then she is just disappeared.”
“Why don’t we continue this inside? How’s that sound?” John calmly said as he grabs Mary and walks toward the house.
“Hi, how is it go?” Sam suddenly entered the library with Dean followed him behind looking for it to be over.
“OK, so what makes the bird leave his nest and clinging to a girl?” Dean asked out of nowhere. Castiel shrugged his shoulders having no answer.
“She is a demon.” He said knowing it will set fire on Sam but he can’t take it back. “I’ve been tracking her for a weak and this is the closest I’ve ever get to her.”
“Oh, Dean. You don’t have to be scared. I already take care of them properly. So just tell me what you want in return.” She said as she sits on the throne gracefully.
“I’ve checked on the source of the power and talk to some people and I believed that this girl is the one who responsible for the attack. She said that she has a plan and I’m afraid whatever it is,” Castiel watched as Dean approached the coffee table to grab a beer. “It’s bad.” Dean continued with discomfort as he can see how this usually goes.
Meanwhile, in the library, Castiel trying to explained to Jody and Donna who was just arrived the morning after Dean’s accident last night. With it, he was trying to guide them to remember about Sam and Dean. Still fresh in his mind how Dean told him about their run-in with Jody and then with Donna and what they’ve been going through for years.
“So what’s your plan?” Sam asked after Dean finished his burger. “I’m going to meet someone later.” It’s the only answer from Dean and anger rose in his chest.
“No, no. You don’t get to come here and ask for help after all this time being gone.” Dean blurted out with a wave of familiar anger.
“No, no. Jack said that he and Amara are one in harmony, if she’s somewhat separated from Jack the angels probably will know it.” Sam answer memorizing Jack’s last words before he finally disappeared. Dean suddenly opened the front door after Sam finished and Castiel followed right behind him.
“I’m agent Swift. Have your people know what caused this attack?” Castiel asked as he flashes the badge to the officer. His mind suddenly remembers what Dean has to say after he asked him, why he has to lie. Of course, back then he thought Dean was serious but now he knew it was just his humor.
“I’m hanging up,” she says.
“Yeah, a bunch of hippies doing yoga all up in our avocado bushes,” Dean figures.
Dean scoots closer until he’s got his back pressed up against Sam’s. Sam breathes in deep, exhales heavily, and repeats. On each exhale he leans a little harder into Dean.
it to sing for me.”
Dean looks at his brother and wonders when the hell did Sammy grow up? How the hell is it up to Dean to tell a grown man what he can and can’t do? Why did he ever think he had that kind of power?
things to focus on. Sam is gunning to kill Cas, and Dean can’t blame him. Dean would be the same if the positions were reversed. The closest they ever got to this was Ruby, and Dean was the one who put the knife between her ribs.
“A vision,” Sam clarifies, and he turns to put his back to the tub, long legs stretched out on the floor. Dean feels too tall standing over him, but he’s not sure how long Sam intends to park it here.
“So where’s Cas?” Dean asks, “he said they were coming back with reinforcements. What if he’s in trouble?”
?” Dean demands.
“I don’t know what that means,” Cas growls.
(See the end of the chapter for
Benny considers this a moment. Stares Dean down, “Nah…” he agrees, “you wanna be fucked by one.”
"Of course," Dean says, "of course you can stay. Cas— you're family, I've said that. You're always welcome with us."
That’s a little to existential for Dean’s tastes. The meat isn’t much better. He chokes down his last bite, breathes through the way he wants to throw it all back up.
Fuck, if Sam decides to go all revenge-seeking after the angels, Dean’s going to have to grab him before he gets out of the wards. It would be stupid as hell, but Sam gets real dumb when he gets angry. He and Dean got that from Dad for sure.
“I’m tired?” Cas asks, and looks up to Dean like Dean will know the answer. Angels don’t get tired. Angels shouldn’t get wounded, or be unable to heal themselves.
“You heard Cas: he can’t heal because he’s locked out of heaven,” Bobby reminds him, “and that’s the only source of grace I know of, unless you’ve heard of anything else.”
“Yeah,” Dean croaks.
“What do you want?” Dean demands.
“Now,” Dean demands. Though to be honest he’s not sure if he can get hard again. One round took a lot out of him.
Dean expected a plan of ‘if I’m not back in two days’ or something. But there’s no way to mark days here in purgatory’s endless twilight. And it’s not like he can get anywhere but lost without Benny’s guidance. Fuck, he hates how helpless he is here.
“He was trying to end us,” Sam realizes, “that’s why— it was the only way out. That’s why he was pulling me apart and sewing us together.”
Cas smiles down at him, “Yes.”
“I know, kid. You’re good,” Bobby says, and pats his face, “let’s get you on your feet.”
Cas’ eyes light up as his grace surges through the vessel and into Dean’s body. It’s electric, the cold sensation that follows an intense burn. It’s bright, and makes Dean’s stomach lurch like he’s fallen from a high place. It’s Cas, it’s so familiar as Cas’ grace that it cements the fact that Dean found him. That Cas is real. Dean is moved to tears at the fucking miracle of it all.
, and Dean feels simultaneous relief and dread.
“Sammy’s fine riding with me,” Dean had said, and then ordered Sam into the car.
And then Cas goes limp in Dean’s arms.
because it’s Dean’s job to protect his family. Cas isn’t even human! Dean should have never trusted him, except… except Cas won him over. Cas went against
Cas looks like shit. Dean needs to change his bandages, maybe they should take him to a hospital? Dean wants to drag him to bed, to home, where they’re safe. He wants to hold Cas in his arms and stop thinking about how close he came to losing him again.
“I’m not strong enough for this,” Cas says, “I thought I could, but I can’t control myself.”
“Months ago,” Cas adds, “so I’ll take his side on this.”
Dean's stomach drops.
“I don’t believe eating is metaphorical,” Cas figures, “it’s a very physical action. I don’t know how it’s possible in this case.”
“How much can you lift?” Bobby remarks, clearly just as surprised by the reminder of angel strength.
“What’s the word?” he asks no one. No, Dean corrects himself. Sam is asking
“Fries are salty?” Dean tries.
“Sap,” he teases. If he says any more he thinks he’s going to spill how hugging Cas, how pressing his face to Cas’ body so he can smell the electric, heavy angel smell of him, means
They don’t try to run as the leviathan crawls closer, and swallows the first one whole. The hair raises on Dean’s arms. They’re just
Before Dean can come up with a witty response, Cas sighs and grabs Sam and in a way that
Dean drinks his beer to give himself something to do with his hands. He’s come to find that he can’t turn his back on Sam when Sam’s doing his psychic stuff. It sets off alarm bells in his head, like Dean is turning his back on something dangerous.
“Yeah, I do,” and Bobby’s tired, exhausted, and totally pissed off, because he says, “how about you stop being your fucking dad.”
He places a gentle hand on Cas’s shoulder, spreads his legs just wide enough that his knee nudges into Cas’. Cas looks up at him.
do that again,” Dean orders.
Sam stares at him like Dean’s speaking another language. Dean waits. Waits. Sam’s a smart kid, he should be able to figure out—
“But he’s human?” Dean asks.
He rounds a corner to find Sam doing the worlds worst impression of a mime in a box. He’s got his eyes squeezed shut, and has his hand out in front of him as he shuffles down the hall. The temperature has dropped, like someone left a window open. The hair on the back of Dean’s neck stands up.
“I had to explain to him what it was first,” Sam admits, “and he proceeded to inform me that a shovel isn’t capable of killing him.”
“Hey!” Dean shouts, “knock it off!”
They’re having some weird form of breakfast, but at 3pm because Sam was up all night with nightmares, and Dean refuses to call it brunch because he’s not a soccer mom.
“This isn’t about you being useless!” Dean insists, “this is about— I’m worried about
“You’re killing me,” Cas declares.
“Yeah, maybe!”
Woops.
“I can— I can feel you,” Cas says, and his voice is raspy and deep, “your soul. Dean, I can
them and will devour every last one of them. A full feast, they’d call it. They’d turn them all into faceless husks, hungry mouths, lining the inside of their bodies.
“No, no!” he shouts, “who let him—”
“I can see him. Keep going, Dean.”
Now Cas’ smile falters, “Why—”
“Sam, back off,” Dean jumps in, “what’s going on with you?”
Sam does the opposite of get better. He barely recognizes Dean or Bobby most days, and starts chatting nonstop with someone who isn’t there. Sometimes they’re completely normal conversations, sometimes it’s just Sam laughing and replying to a joke no one said, and other times it’s a full on screaming match.
the black shit? Is that why it’s producing it nonstop?
To think those kids grew up to be them now. Dean doesn’t think the kid who used to dream of running his fingers through a lions golden mane would recognize the man who needs to sleep with a knife in his hand.
Cas is on the other side of the kitchen, waiting patiently with his arms crossed. Dean opens his mouth to say something and Cas glances over to him and shakes his head.
Dean laughs, “Oh, god, no. That’s— what I’m talking about is not normal, Cas. That’s me. That’s all fucked up me. And I’m sorry you’re stuck with me.”
How could Dean have missed it? How could he have been so blind? He’s the one who’s supposed to see these things coming. He’s not supposed to trust
“That’s so civilized,” Dean laughs, “so why only the one town?”
Sam brings him a mango claw. Asshole.
“Yeah,” Dean croaks. He needs to walk away. That was the deal. He’d bring Benny over, but then their alliance ends. They have to return to their separate sides, and hope they don’t encounter one another in this world. Dean has a life to get back to, people to find. He’s his own master again, and Purgatory can’t make him want this anymore. Dean needs to face the empty space that Cas left in his life. He needs to find Sam. He needs…
“Nothing— it’s gone,” Benny says, “leviathans wrecked it.”
dance or do anything fun. But Dean’s drunk, he’s in a good mood, the music is fun and he wants to make this place a home.
Why is Dean being so blind today? Cas saved him, it’s his turn to take care of Cas, “I can take him.”
, but it made Sam feel better.
It’s the first time Dean’s seen Benny nervous. And Benny didn’t break a sweat when they got jumped by a group of seven freaks today. Yesterday. The time period before Dean went to sleep.
“You need to talk?” Dean asks.
a leviathan growls, and when Dean changes his grip to attack, the other one swallows him whole.
“You— you have to hurry,” she whimpers, “the super 8. Room 117. Hurry!”
Cas has gone and made a huge mistake.
“I’m nice like that,” Benny teases.
Dean hated being alone. Still hates it.
“Yes,” Cas says. He drops into a chair, heavy and tired and looking so human that Dean’s heart aches, “I am sure. But I am not sure of how… how long I’ve been under her, their, control.”
Cas strips out of his coat and blazer, hanging them in their spots in Dean’s closet. It’s so… domestic. Routine. Like he’s come home at the end of a long day at work.
Fuck. He’s got a point.
Dean wonders if it would be better if he wasn’t present for Sam training. He’s trying not to be here for
It takes them a few days to find a case. They hang out in the bunker. Dean cleans out their fridge from all the old food they forgot about. Sam buys booze, including:
“It’s fitting,” Cas says, “considering all of heaven believes me to be broken.”
And now she rolls her eyes, “I can’t taste it. And it will make me ill.”
Would Dad have gone after Sam, finally fed up with Sam’s alternating moods and hallucinations? Would he have used his fists? Or would he have picked up a gun, like putting down a sick dog? In that scenario, what would Dean have done?
“When the hell do you ever get what
They’ve got some weird dance going on. That
obvious that this isn’t even a big deal? Has everyone been laughing at him, talking tough, when they all know he’s a fucking fairy?
Dean still has nightmares about waking up inside of the leviathan. About how it was digesting him, making him part of it’s endless hunger. How doing so would keep him from ever seeing his heaven, the memories of all of his happiness on earth, for the rest of time.
“When you kissed me. The first time,” Cas says. Dean grimaces. That was— fuck that wasn’t a kiss. He thought pretending to be queer would piss Cas off enough to kill him. That Cas took that as some sort of… offering? Of blood?
At that Cas does move, just his eyes roll up to look at Dean's outstretched hand.
Dean swallows around a lump in his throat. He feels a hot flash, that makes his palms sweaty.
Dean gets his feet under him, in a crouch, so he can lean out. Benny’s grip on his coat tightens, and the vampire yanks Dean back into their hiding space.
(that's a hockey reference if you don't know)
“He went too deep,” Cas says, not to Dean, and Cas looks over his shoulder at the single bed behind them. There’s a good layer of snow on it, but it’s also been shredded like an animal was using it as a chew toy.
“I can sleep,” Sam says with a shrug, “I just don’t want this to end.”
“I don’t regret saving you,” Dean explains himself first, “but… you’re stuck to me now. I’m… I’m sorry.”
Warnings: Dean talks p cis-normative/hard gender binaries about genitalia, and we all know gender is a social construct.
He smells different too, thanks to the coat being close to Dean’s face he gets a full whiff of it. Masculine, but not sweaty because vamps don’t sweat.
“Would that please you?”
He can’t run like this. The only choice he has is to fight.
This is all Dean can do to help. Let his traumatized brother cling to him, and watch movies together, and not actually
If Dean thought he would get to go to heaven, he’d want this little patch of quiet to be part of his eternal dreams.
“He’s a good guy,” Dean insists, “and he’s probably the best chance you’ve got at a teacher for this psycho crap. Just text him again, tell him give teaching a shot.”
“No, no. It’s, uh, you’re not supposed to sleep with someone after the first date I guess. After the third is okay, or something like that. It’s what good girls do, you know?”
He comes up with a poor-man’s straightjacket. Ties Sam in every night, even when Sam’s lucid and coherent. Sam goes along with it. Dean doesn’t know what he’ll do when Sam fights him on this.
And here’s the crux of it:
“I’m sorry,” Cas repeats, and Dean is vaguely aware of gravel crunching as someone runs up behind them, “but I have to go. The death of an archangel causes significant damage to the surrounding area. I can’t be sure what mine will do.”
“Yeah?” Dean checks. He’s on top of the world. He’s figuring Cas out, and what Cas likes.
"Oh," Cas says, "right. You wanted to have sex."
“I tried— I— Sam? Sammy? Can you hear me?” Dean tries.
“No.”
“Yeah…” Dean starts, and can’t think of anything else to say. What to even say to that? Dean’s a hunter, Benny’s a vampire. Why would Benny choose that kind of life, on purpose? Did he think they could have been happy together? Clearly he thought Dean was worth trying for.
“Cas I—” Dean closes his mouth. If he doesn’t do this his brother is going to die.
Sam shakes his head, not getting it, “Dean, if it— if it worked— this might be it. Maybe I can save them—”
“Is this the shovel talk?” Cas asks, “Robert and Sam have already threatened me.”
“You good?” he asks.
Cas kisses him again, and not like how Cas likes, not dirty, but Dean thinks it’s in the same way Dean feels that if they didn’t kiss
“S’alright,” Benny laughs, “cold don’t bother me. Get your beauty sleep, Dean.”
“Of course!”
Deano Beano IS growing, he IS trying but he's not perfect!! It's pretty easy to sympathize with him when we know where he came from, but thank god Bobby is there to draw some hard lines in what's acceptable and what's not.
Cas is
“Cas told me you made him promise to take care of me,” Dean uses as an opening.
The guy looks delighted to be recognized. Dean’s sick of him already. In fact, all Dean wants is to go lay down with some snacks and throw on some cartoons. Just have a day of freaking rest already.
“Okay,” Dean says, “we’ll start looking for this tablet. You do your thing, we’ll start poking around down here. But stay in touch. And I— I can’t agree to take you out, Cas. Cause I—”
“That’s okay. It’s been a wild day. But hey, you still got your strength,” Dean tries, “that’s something?”
“Sleep is probably the best,” Bobby agrees, “I’ll keep an eye on Sam if you two wanna head up.”
Dean grabs Cas’ wrist to undo the button on the cuff, “It’s real sex.”
“You cut off…” Benny pauses, “oh. Oh. They were people sized back home, weren’t they?”
“Road!” Sam yells.
“Absolutely not,” Death says, and accepts the can, “thank you, Sam.” He’s surprisingly nimble, and cracks the tab effortlessly. They all wait for Death to take a sip. Dean’s going to murder Sam after Death kills them all, because, mango? Really? That’s the worst flavor!
“What you have to do is stay alive,” Benny says, and he sounds like he thinks that’s important, “get some rest. See if you can’t catch up on some sleep.”
“Is this part of recovery?” Cas asks.
The vamp shrugs, “As far as I can see, you’ve got two choices— what’s your name, friend?”
He makes it three steps before he realizes that Sam and Bobby are in the other room. They just… they just walked away from him. While he was sleeping. They left Dean totally unprotected, totally exposed, like he means
“Yeah,” Dean says, “how can you tell?”
“I just want to say, I love you. Okay?” Sam says.
to lay down with Cas anyways. He lets Cas grab onto Bobby, and Dean follows them to the stairs.
So we’re gonna talk about and explore a bit about what it means to exist in the realm of monsters! (There are hints to it in the early chapters of To Exist Again, if you want to look for them!) While also keeping in mind that I’m trying to keep this story vaguely within reason of Spn Xtianity Lore. Which means Purgatory was created originally for leviathans, and the monsters came later.
queer Dean actually is. Dean thinks back to fooling around with Benny, to kissing Cas. To all the different ways he’s cataloged the differences between dudes and chicks, and how he thought he might feel like he was missing out on one if he had the other. And that that hasn’t been the case at all.
He cracks a smile at that.
“Yeah,” Dean agrees, surprised at how easy it is to say the truth, “I’ve never been happier.”
“Hey,” Dean tries, and points over his shoulder, “I heard the human ran that way. You should catch up.”
"You love Sam just fine. And Robert," Cas narrows his eyes, tilts his head as he thinks, "I think you know how to love remarkably well."
“What?”
“So no girlfriend? Boyfriend?”
“Are you— you’re tripping,” Dean realizes, “that’s what’s going on with you—”
Dean takes it, tries not to flinch when he accidentally touches Benny’s cold hand. It’s heavy material, in fairly good condition. Way cleaner than Dean’s clothes that are covered in gore and smell like they’re rotting.
He grunts a soft response.
“You’re going to be very strong,” Death says, “that’s all you have to worry about. But be careful with how you use that strength.”
“If it was that easy he would have done it—”
(See the end of the chapter for
He’s so open, exposed, like this. Dean has half a mind to feel mortified, especially when it’s a man between his legs. He feels the uncomfortable pressure of Cas’ finger moving, breathes through it, and uncurls his toes. And then oh shit, oh
Dean sighs heavily. Pinches the bridge of his nose. Of course Sam just jumps into something insane and dangerous, and of course he does it without any support because he
Sam’s rocking on his feet, trying very hard not to interrupt Death who has decided now of all times to go off on a tangent like an old man with memory issues. Dean also wants to yell at him to get to the point.
“So it’s not all you in there?” Dean asks.
love him… and he’s
Dean’s read the bible a few times. He knows that leviathans are big motherfuckers. He just never really thought he’d get to measure that out up close.
It’s because Sam knows, he knows Dean’s deflecting and there’s no point in fighting about it. Dean’s been had. Sam has the power here.
“I’ve been clear about how I feel for you,” Cas says, and Dean feels his heart pick up speed, “but I can’t— I don’t know who I am. I don’t know what about me is real. Including…”
Dean doesn’t know if he should hit Bobby for that, or laugh. If Dean was
Sam snorts, “You’re not God.”
“My— my dad,” Dean mumbles, “we’re at, um, my— he’s kind of adopted, like, we adopted him. But we’re with my dad. He’s forcing me to take it easy. Made us soup and everything.”
Just yesterday Dean thought he might be losing Cas. That there was danger of losing Sam too. But they’re okay. They’re both going to be okay.
Dean feels like he's been put on his heels. Since when do you have to describe all the ways you think someone is nice to have around? Isn’t it praise enough that Dean wants Cas around, even if Cas isn’t useful? Not that Cas has ever been unhelpful, but, Cas could be dead weight and Dean would want him to stick around.
And, for the very last time...
What choice does Dean have, really? Keep wandering, stumbling into trouble, and never getting a chance to rest? Dean needs to find the way out. If Benny knows it… then all Dean has to do is find Cas, and he can get them home.
We know from comments in
Dean’s still stuck on
“Calm down,” Bobby says, like Dean is being over dramatic, “we don’t even know if this is true or not.”
“If you’d rather die than go home, I can arrange that,” Benny rumbles, “but if you want to live, go the fuck to sleep.”
“So now what?” Dean asks.
“I can make soup,” Benny offers, tone soft. As if he’d drop everything, and come specifically to take care of Dean, if Dean asked. And he would, Dean knows it.
Dean jumps out of bed, quickly tries to make it look like he
Sam returns with the milk, and hands the fresh jug to Cas.
“Not what I’m saying,” Dean insists, “you’re totally good to stick around, if that’s what you want. But… when we first met you talked about how much you liked the world, and the people in it. What I deal with, what Sam deals with, is the bad parts of those things. I just thought it might be nice for you to go see all the shit that you haven’t gotten to yet.”
Might as well learn from the pros, right?
Dean groans, “You seriously need to stop doing that.”
“You’ve got a phone,” Dean rolls his eyes, “you text him.”
He just needs a small bit so he can get himself off without chafing. He pinches his nipple with his other hand, dulled slightly by going through his t-shirt. Which reminds Dean that Cas is still wearing a full outfit.
“I could,” Cas says, making the threat clear. Benny doesn’t test the barrier of Cas’ wings.
“Yeah, well, I like you a lot,” Dean says, and he squeezes Cas’ hand.
Cas shakes his head, “I don’t want power.  I don’t want heaven. I want you.”
Cas tore apart two leviathans to save Dean. He held Dean gently in his hands, protected him from the fear of the third leviathan. Dean never thought to be scared of Cas then. He’s not scared of him now.
to, that he was stupid enough to think something like an angel would actually see something good in him, “Sam you don’t remember how bad it was when your wall came down! If you’re seeing shit again this is the most important thing we have to handle first!”
“So, we’ve been through a lot together,” Dean starts, and christ, he had so many ideas of how to have this talk in his head, and now that he’s speaking, it all feels wrong, “and you, uh, you’ve always been good to Sam ‘n me. I appreciate that. I really do. I know we’re hard to handle, and Dad kinda dumped us on you a lot, but—”
That’s got to be an understatement from how shaken Sam looks.
“That’s how it is,” Dean shrugs, trying to match Benny’s casual tone, “I don’t have the luxury of being taken care of. I’m strong enough.”
Cas turns his head away from both of them and refuses to look at them.
Dean grabs him by the tie to kiss him as Cas returns to him.
“Found it in Evestown. Or, what’s left of it,” Benny says, “wait until we’re a little further away before you use it.”
“What does it taste like?”
It’s too much, too fast.
“I heard you,” he says.
Dean laughs. When did Sam stop being so prudish?
“Okay,” Benny nods, “okay.”
“And now he… he is ashamed of his mistakes?” Cas guesses, “and now he won’t even show his face to try and stop his sons from killing each other?”
Not this time. Not after everything. Dean is
Dean can’t help it, he starts laughing.
be the real Lucifer. If he’d sprung free of the cage, they would all know, right?
“Don’t say that,” she says, “especially not to him.”
A lifetime of weird shit means it takes a lot to faze Dean, but the clear evidence that it’s something
“If I drag him out, it will destroy him, Cas growls, “he won’t survive the sudden return— I warned him not to do this!”
Dean shoves himself up, gets his good leg under him and grits his teeth at the pain from his leg. It’s for sure broken, oh fuck, oh fuck. He’s become a huge liability. But if Dad taught them anything, it’s always better to die on your feet.
The vamps move easily with each other. They’ve been hunting together for some time.
“Oh, Dean kissed me before that,” Cas says, thinks a moment, “it was the night you wanted to submit to Michael. I was… physical in stopping you.”
See y'all on wednesday!
“You’re always Cas,” Dean reminds him, “no matter what you are. We’ll find out more from Sam when he gets better, but we gotta take this one day at a time. Even if you’re still not human, you’ve got a human body you gotta take care of.”
Maybe if Cas plays bad cop, Dean can be good cop here. Maybe they can change Sam’s mind, but that’s a big stretch. Sam is impossible to deter once he’s decided on something.
“What if we found a— a different psychic? A stronger one?” Dean wonders, “could they—”
Cas pulls his hand away. Sam blinks.
“You deserve whatever makes you happy,” Dean figures.
“Sleep?” Dean checks,” that’s it?”
Dean shakes his head, “No. No, you’re not like that--”
They talk about summoning Cas, trapping him in holy oil, to interrogate him. Dean can’t stomach the thought. Because either Cas is honest, and something is
Dean rips himself away from Sam to focus on the road. What the fuck? What the fuck? Sam’s queer? Has Sam been queer this whole time?
“I do not—” Cas starts, but cuts himself off when Dean grabs him.
A beat of silence. Ate? An angel?
Dean’s feet don’t touch the bottom. He recognizes the memory only after the fact, only after it’s bled into the dream and he’s pulling Cas in to kiss him.
Sam and Bobby are worried about Dean. They don’t say it, but he can feel it. Yeah, he’s a little different, so what? Bobby keeps asking them to hang around, maybe leave a hunt to someone else. Sam texts Bobby a lot, when Dean does find them hunts. He’s got the time to, since Sam doesn’t go for the kill anymore. Their worried glances start feeling like they’re getting freaked out by him, like Dean might hurt
“No. Your soul is still connected to you, if barely,” Cas says, “I’m not entirely sure what Sam has done to us.”
And he says it like he
else? Why did they even bother trying? Dean is so tired, he’s so fucking tired of being handed all these losing battles. Tired of choosing losing battles. Dean thought that if he could save the world, then maybe he could be afforded some forgiveness for who he is.
“Fuck!” Dean shoves him off.
What was it the other angels like to say? That Dean’s touch, his influence, corrupts even the most holy of creatures?
?’ when it’s Sam who’s suffering. Dean’s such a shitty brother. Sam deserves so much better.
"Working with Crowley jeopardizes everything I've done for the trials," Sam whines, "and after I busted Bela out of hell, I'm sure Crowley is close to figuring out what we're doing. We can't be reckless—"
“No, you don’t,” Sam snaps, “you don’t understand what he is and what you’ve gotten yourself into, because I didn’t understand until I
Oh, yikes. That’s not a good sign.
What did Dean want, when he was young and off hunting on his own and missing his brother? When he’d drive long hours in the impala and dream about disappearing, about how Dad and Sam would reunite to look for him and it would prove that they actually cared about him. How Dean knew that the truth would be that they wouldn’t notice he was missing, and he was never sure if they would bother looking for him at all.
Nah, Dean must have found how much queer shit Sam can put up with. Sam’s trying to figure out just
"The last true order I was given," Cas realizes, "before I rebelled. 'Save the Righteous Man. And keep him from harm'."
Cas has ended up close enough that they’re chest to chest. Sam has taken off. Dean tucks his face up against Cas’, feels the brush of Cas’ stubble to his cheek, feels the hum of his grace under his skin. Feels Cas’ arm around his waist, holding him close.
for being someone else in him. The angle is different, the movement is different.
“I didn’t know you were here. All good?” Dean checks.
He discreetly does a sniff test. Doesn’t smell anything out of the ordinary. So she’s being a dick on purpose. Or, right, vampire shit. They’re big about smells.
Dean feels delightfully slutty, sitting in Benny’s lap and grinding down against the tent Benny’s pitching in his pants. No wonder chicks like this shit.
What the fuck. Why does Sam care?
“Dean?”
“Help him!” Dean begs.
Dad’s final order:
Sam hesitates, “Is it… is it okay if it’s just me and Dean for this one?”
Ah, so she hates Dean for making her man queer. Benny was so gung ho about everything he and Dean did that Dean had assumed he was always queer. It hadn’t occurred to him, until learning about Andrea, that Benny was going through the same ‘it’s not gay if it’s in purgatory’ thing as Dean was.
And Cas looks up from his hand, to stare into Dean’s eyes, “In giving me your soul, you freed as no angel has ever been free before. I’m honored to carry this piece of you.”
“It’s the principle of the thing,” Dean sighs, and then grimaces, “shit, uh, sorry. Didn’t mean to tell you what to do. You don’t have to get one if you don’t want.”
Cas shakes his head, “Freeing Lucifer would be bad for Crowley’s intentions.”
Dean can still feel that
on the bedside table that Cas likes to read because he says he can hear Dean’s childhood delight in the pages. He tries to drink coffee, Bobby’s whiskey, and even Sam’s godawful white claws, and none of them have any flavor.
Not on Dean’s watch.
“Yeah and Lucifer fucked up.”
Sam goes silent, because he’ll try for Bobby but he won’t give Dean a break. Dean hasn’t slept in what feels like weeks now.
Dean has Cas. He’s got someone. So he’s not even interested in Benny.
Dean and Dean loves him so much.
Aaaand chapter going up a lil early so I don't forget before I head out for the day.
“I may have knocked out the power,” Cas confesses.
The leviathan gore on his cheek evaporates in a plume of smoke, like something hot just caressed his face. Dean can’t feel the weight of the touch, but he imagines Cas’ hand all the same. Leaning into it feels something like stepping out of a cool room and into the humid outdoors. It clings to his skin, presses in on him from all angles.
“Enjoy the honeymoon,” Bobby adds.
Bobby's son, but technically filling the role of Sam's parental figure, so Bobby treats Dean as son when it's the two of them, and co-parent when Sam is around (so he doesn't undermine Dean's authority). It's a very unique relationship older/oldest siblings can develop with the adults who care about them and something I wanted to be sure to honor about Dean's efforts in being good to Sam while they were growing up, but still being a child himself. And honor Bobby being a very good dad who recognizes Dean's role as a guardian, and respects that rather than tries to force him out of it. Shout out to all the adults out there who give that space to oldest siblings <33
“If you say so,” Dean replied without looking at his eyes.
“It’s not your fault, Sam.” Donna took a step back. “We’re here now it’s all that matters, right?”
“Oh, she wants a divorced from her husband and custody for their kid.” Sam answers.
Castiel approach Naomi at her table after he left from Kelly’s heaven. He knew he never believed her completely but he also knows that Naomi is someone who will do anything for heaven and she knows a lot of things even to the strangest facts. Jack has left heaven after rebuilding it and he chooses to stay in heaven because this is his home, where he belongs. He could never be able to return to earth without being reminded of his mistakes but above all of it, he doesn’t want to be reminded of Dean Winchester. The man who has changed him and if he has to do it all over again he will do the exact same thing. There is nothing he wants to change and that’s the fact.
He looked at both of them and without saying a word he walked down the stairs and disappeared into the hallway.
“How are you feeling?” He asked again began to showing his annoyance in Castiel’s silence.
“He probably has a good reason you know, not telling us about the deal with the empty.” Sam saw a glimpse of anger in his brother’s eyes when he said it but it doesn’t shrink his intention to talk about it. Dean told him by that time on the bridge, what really happened to Castiel and Sam saw how heartbroken he was at that time and then he said it.
“I’ll be fine,” Castiel said. His voice is hoarse and weak as they finally lay him down in bed.
“Yeah, so I guess we’ve been hunting the same thing,” Dean said without staling anymore longer than he has to.
“I don’t know.” He truthfully answered but there is one thing he surely knows. He has never been so powerful before and in some part, it scares him because he doesn't know what that means.
The next day was sunny and bright, and Dean just got out of his room with his robe and still half asleep walking to the kitchen looking for coffee. He saw Sam and the girls are already in the kitchen with cups of coffee in their hands but he didn’t see Jody, Donna, or Castiel.  He watched them briefly before walking to the coffee machine and made himself a cup of coffee.
“Diana,”
The woman with a stave on her hand standing in the darkness of the church. Her grip getting stronger when she looks at the big cross in front of her. The light only shines to the half of her face revealing her brown nearly black irises. The church is empty and no wind came through the windows. There is no sound to be heard and there is nothing but empty benches and her soft breathing. As she let go of her grip the stave float to the air and a glow emitted from the top of it.
“I’m Diana.” She answered with a smile.
“Sam called me,” Diana answered. “Well not by phone obviously cause I don’t give you my number but through his mind. He called me asking for help so here I am.” She explained with a wide smile as her eyes scanning the whole room as she leans on her tall stave.
Sam tried to attack her again but she quickly blast him near the fire and he hit his head to a rock which causes him to lose consciousness for a while as Valery walked to Dean and they had a fight. Sam trying hard to regain his consciousness back but it’s too late for him because through his blurry eyes he can see Valery stabbed Dean with her dagger and then she disappeared with the rest of the fire.
“I know who you are.” Diana cuts off Sam and makes everyone frowned. “Sam, Castiel, Dean, Jody, and Claire.” She pointing at each person that makes everyone looking in suspicious as they never met the girl before.
“What happens?” Dean asked immediately.
“You think you can handle this?” Jess asked playfully and Sam frowned as his hand reach to her waist which is also her tickle spot and she instantly burst into a laugh.
Suddenly a white bright light shot from the library, their eyes squinted to block most of the light but then they saw figures of woman they know and love together with a scream that yelled their names.  All of a sudden they ran toward the light as if they knew it’ll get them out of that place, they ran without a second thought and they keep running.
“No,” Dean answered.
“We’re not,” Sam answered with full confidence although he doesn’t know for sure he just knew this is what he has to say to make Dean stay.
“Dean, I know that it’s hard OK,” Sam said as their cars were further away. “I feel like I’m in a loop of cosmic joke, it gets harder every time and when I think I’m out, I’m back again. It’s like an endless loop and I understand if you’re angry, hell,
The moment she recognized the man more memories flashes to her eyes like broken videotapes and then she could feel a surge of energy blast trough her and a bright white light shot in front of her, blinding her eyes and then between her struggle to adapt to the light she saw two silhouettes of men she recognized.
“Sam, your soul is not complete.” Castiel took a deep breath before took a sit in beside Sam. “I’ve heard of this before but I didn’t think it was possible.”
“It’s me, Dean. Castiel.” He said with a real sorrow planted on his face as he stared at Dean’s pale face.
“You sure this is going to work?” Donna asked she sat while staring at Castiel who have been trying to explain his plan while Sam and Dean sitting at another table watching them with different expressions.
“What? What do you find?” He asked.
His suspicion is proven right, there is a threat that’s probably could destroy not only the earth but heaven and hell alike. At that moment he knew that can’t do this alone. He has to tell Naomi and even if he doesn’t really like the idea and how it’s going to be unfair he needs Sam and Dean to help him. Because no matter what happened they are the ones who always found the way.
“You’re good, Cass?” Sam asked as he took a seat across him and Dean next to him.
“The demon,” She said making everyone paying attention to them.
“Well, you’re not the first angel I’ve met.” She answered and it spikes a little suspicion on him knowing that she knows about angels.
“What is she saying?” Castiel asked after following their conversation.
They both collapse to the ground as soon as they got out of the barn. Dean could feel the venom or whatever is in the blade spreading and skin around the cut is blistered and turns black. He was trying to be strong for Sam who was lying on the ground and then he remembers how Sam cured him the first time. He just has to find charcoal.
“I can help,” Castiel said when the angels disappear from the desk.
“Don’t get me wrong, I-I’m glad that you’re back, but I’m worried OK. You said it yourself Jack can’t fix you and then out of nowhere your mojo is back, I mean I’m glad that you’re fine now but this kind of thing always has a downside, you know? And we don’t know what it is.” Dean said it trying to keep himself together because it’s Castiel he was talking to.
Dean looked at Sam as if silently asking if she was true and seeing his silence Dean cursed under his breath. “I’m getting my gun.”
She attacked again but this time Sam and Dean are fighting back. Dean was able to punch her a few times and Sam was able to distract her enough and opened a window for Dean to strike again and again but even with the new strength Dean has they still got more punches and broken ribs. Until finally her knives cut their skin and pain instantly jolted from it making both of them took a step back holding their wound.
“What?” Sam asked in confusion, her laugh is not because it was funny but it’s more like sarcasm.
The other man held her shoulder as the tall one leaves the room then she could feel her emotions pouring like a waterfall but his touch brings some peace in her. When she hoped that she could remember them because she realized how important they were to her. Then suddenly she remembers a name. Sam and Dean Winchester. She smiled at the thought and then flashed of short events filling her sight.
“I don’t know.” That is the only answer he got before Valery walked back in.
“No, Sam. This isn’t him. I’m afraid whoever she is. She’s more powerful than we’ve ever faced before.” Castiel has explained as good as he can and he knows he can’t do this alone even with him in full capacity it wouldn’t be enough.
“I’m sorry Castiel but I don’t have the answer,” Naomi replied truthfully, and even if he can’t tell the look on her eyes is good enough for him to know that there’s nothing worth lying to him for at this moment.
“What is?” Sam looking at how pale Castiel looks and it intrigued every nerve he has. He wants to know what happened to him that probably also happening to Dean who currently still asleep.
“This is great,” Dean said with a mouth full of half-chewed pizza.
“Just hold tight.” She said pressing her hand to both of their wound and it feels like someone just put a fire in their wound.
Through the wind and the dust, Sam could see a woman walking in with daggers on her hands and with his new fake memories, he recognized her as the demon that killed Jess the same way Azazel killed her years ago and he can’t forgive that, relieving the same nightmare twice is painful for him and seeing this demon toying with it draw his last straw.
“What if someone trying to make us something we’re not?” Sam doesn’t realize he just said his thought out loud but then Castiel agrees.
Dean took a step closer and slowly leaning toward Castiel who standstill in his place until their lips connected in a soft and tender kiss. “I love you too, Cass.” He cupped Castiel’s face in both of his hands and a smile carved on his face as the burden he has slowly lifted from his chest.
“Wait, no. Who, what are you?” Dean suddenly asked in between his growing ache.
“Where is it, Claire?” Jody asked.
Dean walked down the hallway toward his room when he caught the door before his room was opened and he could see Castiel sitting on the bed with his coat lay down beside him but the look on his face is the one that he never saw in him. He approached Castiel with doubt knowing that he probably needs some time alone but the pull he felt in his chest and the worries that started to lump in his throat make him unable to turn back so he opened the door wider and walked in.
“You know what’s happening?” He asked.
“You stay top side keep the spell alive until I got back, OK.” He said after wrapping his hand with a handkerchief and light a match He speaks in Latin by doing so. Sam was about to complain that he was supposed to go too but before he can do that Dean dropped the match into the bowl and then he’s gone. Sam sighed as he watched there is nobody in his room except him.
“I-I can feel I'm paralyzed by it. I was scared, but I also feel sad and right now, all I feel is just tons of regrets. It’s like it reliving my worst trauma and amplified it a thousand times. I’m scared, Dean. I’m scared that, that when I couldn’t bear it anymore I will kill myself.”
“So, what do you need?” He spoke again.
“You OK?” The man said to him as he drinks the beer too.
“Sam, what happened to you? What is the last thing you remember?” Castiel asked as the circumstances are beginning to tick his nerves.
“Shit, I need a drink.” He said as he watched at the nails that killed him in the first place. “So, are we on earth or we still stuck?”
“Your soul, I mean soul in general doesn’t just give people feelings and emotions it also able to contain the memories out of it. I’ve heard Naomi talking about dissecting soul to separate it from certain memories but to do it took a lot of power.” Castiel explained as he remembers.
“Shut up.” He said in fake annoyance making her rolled her eyes.
“You know like he said if souls can hold memories maybe they just have to remember each other. I mean it’s not us who can’t remember ourselves.”  She finished leaving Castiel more hopeless.
“I’ll go with you,” Sam said and Dean immediately stopped him.
“I love you.” Sam took her hand and gives it a small kiss.
“She’s not,” Dean answered as if he’s just talking about the weather.
“I know but I just want to see you working and maybe after this, we can have our honeymoon,” Jess replied with the same smile Sam gave her.
Still in front of the barn with Sam and Dean are both fixed from their wounds Jody couldn’t stop looking at Dean standing and alive in front of her.
“Hi, I’m Agent Swift,” He said as he shows them his badge.
“I think I know where to find him,” Castiel replied next.
Jody seeing the boys who sat across the table with an unknowing look and then she turns to look at Castiel and she puts trust in him, even when they only ever met once and then she asked herself a question when or how she heard or knew an angel named Castiel, all she knew is somebody told her about him but she can’t remember who is the person. It intriguing her curiosity and that makes her convinced Donna to followed Castiel’s plan. There is a piece of the puzzle that she could feel is missing.
“I went to the gate, there is a track of energy left and I thought I’ll be able to see who did it, but it was strange. The power is divine in origin and powerful almost unlimited, but it also very unstable. It’s burning me inside out but I did saw a face.” Castiel looked at his intertwined hands and his voice starts to vibrate as fear crawling up his spine. “It’s just, it’s very. When I saw it I immediately pulled myself and it took everything I had to make it out alive.”
“I’m not sure.” He answered before staring at Castiel’s blue eyes after realized he never mentions his name to him. “What are you?” He asked.
She keeps punching and kicking leaving bruises and a broken nose but they won’t fight back until she grabs Sam by his neck and whispers to his ears. “How is it feel like Sam? I mean you can’t save Jess one time can be tolerated but you can’t save her the second time. Ugh, I don’t know about you but I think you don’t really love her. Don’t get me started with Eileen, that isn’t loved, you just pretend that you do. You’re just a pile of regret and nothing more.”
“You think he was making it up?” Bobby asks.
“Okay, okay, yeah. Cas we’re gonna sew you up, and you’re gonna feel like shit, but you’re gonna be okay.”
“Exactly,” Sam says.
It’s only because Dean is worried about Benny. That’s all. It’s not because Cas looks like an old movie star in the light from Dean’s bedside lamp.
Sam frowns, looks to an open space, “Who’s coming?”
“Yeah,” Dean rolls his eyes, “you’re nice like that, right?”
“What do I know?” Cas repeats. His voice stops Dean’s brain. Because Cas— Cas is here this time. Maybe Cas can help, or do more, but he’s the one who fixed Sam last time, and if Sam’s losing it again then it didn’t work.
“Oh!” Cas realizes, “you orgasmed?”
“For once I’m not the weirdo!” Sam realizes.
Dean holds out his hand, “Lube me.”
He’s gotta make a stand, or else he’ll never be able to rest. He just needs to find the right place.
“Calm down. I’m not here to lecture,” Death holds up the paper bag, “I came bearing gifts, remember? Now Robert. Castiel. I have no interest in talking with you. Carry on with your day.”
“So you’ve just been hanging out here? This whole time?” Benny asks.
Lisa’s house started feeling like his home. Dean was so out of his head with grief that he didn’t start coming alive until almost a year in. But he did settle there, was going to be happy. He was looking forwards to supporting Ben through high school, to coming home to the woman he loved. To having somewhere to come home to. But that home is gone now.
It’s a sunny day, the roads are clear, and Dean thinks things are going to be okay after all.
that it’s too much, that Cas isn’t giving him a second to cool down, and maybe they’ll do something about that later— but Dean has to push him off before it goes from good-overwhelm to
“What the hell are you talking about?” Dean demands.
Unfortunately for Cas, Dean has practice getting around people because he’s been stealing shit out of Sam’s hands for years. He snatches it out of Cas’ hand.
"I don't know," Cas confesses, "I... I don't recall kissing anyone before taking this vessel. There have been a few since, but I believe they kissed me primarily."
“It’s your body, just like every human is born with one. But think of yours as like a cocoon for the soul gestating inside. If all goes well, one day you will be ready to depart it. But if you’re careless with it, and you burst too early… well. I promised to reap you should you be so careless again.”
Dean leaps to his feet at the sound of wings. By the time he’s got his gun drawn, his brain registers Cas’ familiar face. Cas’ shoes make a soft
“It was!” Dean shouts, “you were all— like, all hot and in my face and on me and shit. You were
“I came to share food,” Death says.
“Humans are so rooted in the physical,” Cas sighs, “obsessed with what they can smell or grasp. I am not a human. What I… want,” and his voice drops slightly in tone, like he’s only just realized he’s asking for what
“So I’m just saying,” Bobby continues, “if you two need to keep sleeping, I’ve got Sam. We’re okay.”
for Cas to fuck him.
Warnings: casual/blunt talk of suicide and wanting to die. Very spn-standard casual ableism in how the characters refer to Sam's mental health.
Bobby shot his dad, and buried him here.
“Not just for that. It’s good— don’t get me wrong— but I like when you’re around. For movies, for dinners. For sleeping. For work. You know how we talked, about when I die? How you want me with you? Well, I want you around, like that. All the time, while I’m alive. I kinda hate it when you’re not with me. I miss you and all that shit.”
that Sam might be able to force down. Sam is incredibly particular about his food now. He can’t eat things if they’re too burned, and fuck, that’s something Dean doesn’t want to explore. He won’t eat red meat, and sometimes can’t eat meat at all.
to know that Cas thinks Dean is someone worth wanting.
when you do, and Sam always complains about getting dirt in his bed and stuff like that.
“It’s possible you know things I don’t,” Cas says to Sam, “my memory has been ransacked and torn to pieces. And it’s obvious you learned new things from your time as Lucifer’s vessel.”
“Okay,” Benny says, and steps back. He tilts his head back to give Dean a good angle, spares one last look to Andrea.
At the moment the two strongest factions are led by Naomi, and the Metatron, who has finally taken action in Gods confirmed absence. Naomi wants to go back to status quo, with the old hierarchy. Metatron wants to close the gates of heaven forever because he thinks the chaos is due to human influence on angel-kind.
Cas is only getting worse, so they don’t have time to waste.
Dean pauses to catch his breath. Listens. Purgatory has him all kinds of confused. He thinks it’s
“I think you’ve got more free will than anyone,” Dean tries.
“You’re
“Limiting?” Dean almost laughs, “you’ve got a face— smile, do something other than look grumpy for once. Demons do fine emoting in peoples bodies, why is it so hard for you?”
Both Bobby and Cas are staring at him now. Is there something on his face?
lifetime,” Dean realizes, finally understands what Cas is saying to him, “like a leviathan?”
“Cas?” Dean asks. His heart is in his throat. Angel shit gets tricky, but they can handle it.
They pass a sign for a turnoff to head south. It’s such a beautiful day. Dean wants to drive and never stop. He keeps holding off on what he wants. He’s been holding off on everything he wants his whole life, that if he ever gets it he’s too scared to enjoy it because it’ll be taken away from him.
Cas stops giving his scrambled eggs a death-glare, “It continues.”
“You burned them out,” Dean reminds him.
But they’re going to die tomorrow, and he doesn’t mind the feeling of Cas’ knee against his, the electric feel of his skin against Dean’s hand. He’ll stay out here for a little longer.
“Yeah,” Dean sighs, “gold stars all around. You got me.”
Safety in numbers, and all that.
"Angel?" Benny gasps, and he almost sounds happy.
Death leans down to push Sam’s wet hair out of his face. His clothes are still soaked. His empty gaze stays locked on Death. The blood running from his eyes makes him look like a weeping statue.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean loves his Dad. It’s complicated, and the further away from Dad he gets the harder it can be to remember the good when Dean carries so much of the bad. When Dean
Dean takes too long to reply, and Benny starts talking again, “Are you okay? Are you safe?”
“I’m glad you stuck around,” Dean confesses. It wouldn’t be unlike Cas to go somewhere to be alone before dying, like he’d wanted to do before they hunted down Raphael.
one worried about you.”
“Blood drinking?” Benny’s eyebrows hit his hairline, and he laughs out loud, “if you’re offering, angel, I wouldn’t mind a taste.”
“I like winning,” Benny agrees, “so are you in, or are you dinner?”
They’re sitting in the main library of the bunker. Dean’s on one side of the table, Sam and Cas are sitting on the other. Dean brought a beer to keep himself company.
“Any way I can help?” Dean offers.
now, the mud looks black, thick like tar, and—
“Is there a timeline for when a human Acts on the divine design of the Father, to reshape and mend it to his own purposes, in a way that has never been done in all of Creation?” Cas asks, and okay, he’s kinda cranky in the morning when he’s human-ish, noted, “no. No there is no timeline.”
“Please,” Andrea begs him.
He can feel Cas' fingers flex, feel them stroke short lines down his side. And it's distinctly different from how Sam touches him, Dean notes. And it's because Sam is his brother, and Cas is…
Dean pushes the gas pedal down. Why is the drive home always so long?
“Lucifer tried to assimilate your brother, to kill them both,” Death corrects him, “and instead Sam ate him from the inside out.”
Dean doesn’t ask if Cas is okay, because that’s a stupid question.
“You?” Dean pretends to give Benny a look-over, can’t help but note how his shirt pulls across his chest, how his arms fill out his jacket, “no. You’re not that cute.”
And the potential future, of being quite literally chained at the hip, unfolds for Dean. How they’ll have to plan for the times to be separate, how they’ll have to do everything together, be in each others’ space. How Cas is something not meant to be contained or limited. How he’s spent the last months, if not years, fighting to remove the chains his family has trapped him in. And now it’s Dean’s shitty soul weighing him down.
Sam throws his head back and laughs. He starts going on about how avocados don’t grow on bushes, about how Dean wouldn’t know the first thing about gardening. How they’d have to pick between Caribbean or Pacific beaches, and how those are apparently different. It’s the most animated Dean’s seen him in a long time.
want to be in close combat with anything here.
take the shifter’s sword-axe thing. Dean kinda loves it. It marks his first victory. Makes him feel like he’s going to make it.
“Like the video,” Dean agrees, “I, uh— I don’t know how long it actually takes for the like, the prep and shit. But I know you liked that part, so, I thought we could do that together.”
Benny thinks on that a second, and then chuckles, “oh, yeah. That can. But we don’t have the luxury of time or space for me to fuck you like that. Besides, can’t afford to have you limping— oh, you like the sound of that, don’t you?”
“I’m not looking for nice,” Dean tells him.
Cas nods, “Dying. My— I suffered too many injuries. My grace is… I am cut off from the host. I am unable to restore my integrity.”
Rather than argue, Dean turns his plate so his fries are closer to her, “Give it a shot.”
Dean could— his train of thoughts has skipped the track, is completely upending itself. How long has it been since he got laid? That’s all this is. Vamps love sex and violence. Benny’s teasing him. That’s the game they’re playing. They flirt, talk shit, but it’s not— Benny isn’t— Dean’s not—
“I survived,” Sam says, with that same snarl he got every time he fought with Dad. The stubborn little shit. There’s no winning when Sam gets into that headspace.
“You,” Sam says, so earnest and genuine that Dean couldn’t make fun of him if he tried, “you love me. That was the only difference that saved me. And I think Lucifer knew that was a possibility. And I think he wanted this outcome.”
He wishes Benny would fuck him for real. There’s too many logical reasons for why they can’t, he knows. What if they get jumped? What if something goes wrong? What if Dean can’t walk after? He hopes he can’t walk after.
Drowning is a peaceful way to go. The weightlessness feels like flying.
“You don’t like it?” Cas realizes.
This time Sam
“Might need a little longer if you want me to come again,” Dean says, “especially ‘cause I wanna come with you in me.”
Dean gets with some people. That he’s got with Benny. With chicks it meant he was hot for them. With dudes… well, purgatory makes things clearer.
Dean laughs. He’s a killer, through and through. No matter what he tries, he always comes back to violence. He knows nothing about love.
“I’m not human. I don’t need to eat,” Cas says with finality. He folds his arms across his chest. His stomach gurgles again.
“Name’s Benny,” the vamp continues, “and I like to know a man when I make a deal with him.”
“If we had the homes set up, I can let wild hives know we have a safe place for them and they can decide to relocate or not,” Cas shrugs.
Cas gives him a sideways glare, out of the corner of his eye without turning his head, "Not any more than usual."
“Shh,” Cas soothes, “he’s asleep.”
“Oh,” Dean says, and then his eyes go wide. This is a whole new problem because Cas has touched him in a
? Her control? Why does she sound so freaked, why is
Death sips at his white claw and waits until Sam has worn himself out.
“Cas can heal him. He did last time. Or do we have to take him to a hospital?” Dean wonders.
Death moves back towards them, the metal tip of his cane making soft
“Sam and I have to disappear,” Dean says, “we’ve got info that those assholes want, but Bobby—”
Bobby’s glare is scathing, and Dean feels like he’s 12 all over again. Bobby gives Dean a rough shove to make him step back further, and goes to kneel over Sam. Dean should probably warn Bobby that Sam’s in an aggressive mood, that technically Sam started this fight, but he doesn’t think Bobby wants to hear it.
“I’ll heal you now. Be ready to run,” Cas says, and he kneels down beside Dean.
“Why does my participation matter? It wasn’t integral earlier.”
“It wasn’t him,” Dean says.
“How long have you been holding onto
“You got him through it last time,” Bobby reminds Dean, “on your own. And you’re not on your own anymore. It’s going to be fine.”
into something. The lights flicker, the buzz under his skin gets more intense— which feels
“I need a beer.” Bobby then followed.
Sam stopped fighting the man’s grip as it weirdly feels very strong for a human as he watched the fire consumed his room and spreading. The sound of sirens starts to howling from afar and going louder and louder as the police and firefighters arrived.  The men that help him out of the fire bring him to the driveway near the Impala and then it hits Sam.
“So, what you want me to do?” He sneered.
“OK,” Dean said doubtfully as he followed Castiel move from the bed and stood up. He knows he should be worried but he can’t stop himself.
“Hi, Donna,” Dean said giving her a tight hug and a wide smile knowing that maybe she already heard about his death.
“Give him space.” He said and before Dean got to say anything they heard a knock in the front door.
“OK, you know what? You’re going to stay in the car.” Dean said seeing how unstable Sam is and even if he didn’t want to actually acknowledge it he will be more worried about Sam than what the demon could do to him. So, he jumped out of the car after pulling out a handcuff from his pocket and put it on Sam to the steering wheel.
“You good?” He asked out of impulse even when he knew Castiel is anything but fine. He stopped a few feet from the door and sighed watching his silence. “What happened?” He crossed his arms.
Suddenly they feel the wind was blown right to their face and a man with a trench coat appeared in front of them. While sighed in relief as Sam feels like he knew the guy and actually having a good relationship with him.
She can hear herself scream at the man and he is trying to explain what happened to her. She saw him grabbing a gun and entered the house, the weight and horror she felt are so real as she heard a gunshot and then it hits her. She recognized the man. He’s Sam Winchester.
“I’ve got something.” He said resisting to rest.
“She said she wants to fight with us but I don’t think that’s the case,” Sam said thinking about the time in heaven. “Demon can’t bring back a soul from heaven to life, right?” Sam looks unsure while watching Castiel frowned.
“Sam.” She opened her arms once she saw Sam was right behind him and giving him a tight hug too.
“So I guess the question is, what could be more powerful than God?” Bobby asked as he took a sip of beer in his hand.
“I don’t care. As long as I can kick your ass, I’m good with it.” He answered before throwing another punch which she avoids gracefully and kicks Dean in the gut before throwing him to the ground.
Sam tilts his head after hearing it, he had a difficult time believing Haniel story because there are so many holes in them but then he doesn’t know anything about God and his complex work, he still thinks asking Jack is the best way because he trusts him. “Why should I believe any of this?” He said.
“Hey, I don’t mean to be a bearer of bad news but I dream walk last night,” Kaia said eating her cereal with Claire right beside her pouring the same cereal. “And I don’t know if this is important but I just dreamt in a world, our world I think, it’s nice at first everyone seems to be happy but then suddenly everything burned.” She said taking a deep breath and watched as Sam and Dean looking at each other as if they were trading thoughts without a word.
Meanwhile, Donna was still overwhelmed and confused as to what kind of memory she has to find. She could hear a lot of emotion at once. Despair, scared, and joy. But then she could hear him, the man she misses the most. The one she still loved. There is a voice of a man she doesn’t recognize and suddenly she could saw it. Two men standing right on her sides but she only could saw their backs.
“Cass, I-”
“But it’s not in any lore,” Sam said with hesitation because he felt like Haniel is telling the truth.
Jody took her first chance to attack Valery and held back what Sam going to say. Nevertheless, Jody was thrown at the tree and passed out instantly which leave Sam and Dean to take a shot at defeating her. Dean shoots his gun which is already carved with Devil’s trap but it only does a little slowing her down and not completely stopped her. Sam took the chance to attack her with the knife and Dean joined him until he got to punched her before throwing her to the fire.
“Sam.” He looks at Dean’s eyes and everything about him is very similar to what he just saw. He knows he never met the guy before but somehow he has a vision of him and not to mention the calm and ease he brought to him is made him questioned everything in his life. “That woman, she’s not a human.” He said.
“Okay, so let me get this straight. There is a girl who is apparently powerful enough to destroy the gate of heaven. She is plotting something to someone or probably to every living thing, you don’t have a clue of who she might be and there is no other trail of her anywhere?” John said recollecting everything he just heard and the possibility of the situation right now.
“What do you see?” Alex and Claire asked together as they were already familiar with her ability.
“What do you mean?” Claire asked.
“Okay, but it’s not him. His birth tear a rift between two worlds this thing strong enough to tear down the gate of heaven.” Castiel getting more worried because there has never been an alert or sign of a new Nephilim going to be born or another powerful entity resurfaced. He worries that whatever this is will strong enough to burn the world with a snap of a finger.
“Your demon, Rowena,” Dean said after took a few breaths to calm himself down. “I want her name and a spell to track her down.”
“Sam!” Dean slapped across his face when shaking his shoulders didn’t work. “Come on, Sam. Snap out of it!”
“Yeah, not the greatest job but I get a lot of nap time, though.” He replied with ease and Sam couldn’t believe himself but he thought that maybe Haniel is different from any other angel he’s ever met.
They walked to the library where Sam was sitting with his laptop opened and together with books and files from The Man of Letters spread across the table. When he saw Castiel and Dean walked in he left his work and focus solely on what Castiel has to say because he came up empty on everything.
“Cass?” Sam is the first one who spoke as everyone looking at the angel with an acknowledgment that he probably has some answer.
Sam sat in silence as he let Castiel’s words sink and yet it doesn’t spark anything in him but maybe he knew more than that. “I’ve been having a vision, of me and Dean after Jess died. It felt so vivid as if it actually happened. You think it’s real?”
“Oh, I,” Sam took a deep breath. “I actually want to ask about the sigil that you use to help me and my brother back in the barn.” He said looking at Diana.
“What the hell.” Dean cursed under his breath watching Sam who are both in shock and terrified at his own hand where the letter still there.
“I still wish I’d die.” She said making Haniel frowned in amusement.
“What’s your name?” He asked again.
Donna smiled as the memories slowly return and filling some gaps. She had a doubt in Jody when they talk about it, she barely knew the boys and then Castiel begged her and Jody to try and remember. She was scared because she was in the dark, have no idea what is going to happen once she does it but now she feels no regret at all. She feels relieved. Then a bright light shot right in front of their eyes and blinded her view. A magical thing happened as she saw two silhouettes of men walking toward her and away from the light. “Sam! Dean!” She screamed as she tries to reach them.
“No, we’re not going to fight you. So, you can brag and kick our ass but you’ll never get what you want.” Dean is mad especially with the thought of someone trying to trap them in a maze again for the sake of entertainment.
“How? How did we get here?” Sam asked looking at the dark and empty place as if there is no one living in here after he’s gone.
“Oh no, I’m trying to stay away from my angel, and then I heard you begging for help.” She answered him like she was just talking about ditching house because of her parents suck.
“I’m not sure, Cass.” Sam is the first one who speaks. “I just suddenly knew what to do and I know it’ll work.”
He blinked his eyes a few times as he trying to focus on the fire that still burns the motel. He watched the men in front of him offering a beer that he accepts without hesitation. Still fresh in his mind how the woman burns his wife with a single touch and how her eyes glowed, he knows that she is not a human and even with that fact doesn’t stop him to do everything he can to find her. His head spins and there is a small banging in the back of his head and he didn’t know if it because of the adrenalin or the dream that strikes him just now. He can’t even determine if it was a dream, a vision, or something else.
“Why don’t we start on asking Jack, I mean he clearly has more power than any of us, he probably did some digging himself?” Sam said looking at everyone.
have I told you that I'm crazy? Well, this is crazier :)
“You’re gonna be OK. Just stay with me.” Sam said as he followed Jody’s instruction to put pressure on his wound.
“Fine, then I’ll go first.” She said before keeping her knives on her sides and threw punches in both of their faces.
The sound of lighting soon being heard, its light flashes through the window and revealing her face even more. The smile of content spread to her face and the glow became brighter until it illuminates every corner of the church before a shockwave blast the roof into pieces and a wave of white light shot through the hole and moving up into the sky. The lightning keeps striking and the wind spiraling around the light faster and faster but she didn’t move a muscle, her smile getting wider until her eyes slowly glow a white light like an old light bulb flickered before it’s on.
“I know where we can get it,” Castiel answered before a bright light shot from the ground and wind blow very fast for a minute before they arrived at a floor of a large library with every wall covered in books, and there’s also a weapon. At the far end is a large telescope.
“How do you know we were here?” Dean asked as he took two steps at a time so he can go closer to Sam. He feels like his suspicion about them is right and anger and irritation sips right to his skin watched them walked in as if they were guest and as soon as he was close he gets calmer but the alarm in his head still ringing loud.
“I’m not quite sure yet. But I think something just pierced into our world and tear down our gate.” Naomi states after she told everyone on her desk to come to earth and retreat every soul that escape.
Donna threw herself at Dean at the sight of the man and tears were glistening in the corner of her eyes. “You’re here.” She whispered.
“Sheriff Mills, I didn’t know your side job is hunting,” Dean said wanting to recollect every hunter he met but they never mention a sheriff before. He is surely surprised but then he doesn’t care too. “I’m Dean Hale.” He said giving out his hand as a good gesture.
“Sam, this isn’t just some amnesia, your memory was cut out to the root there is no going back from there, summoning soul is the only thing I know yet it was still a long shot.” Then something struck Castiel as he remembers he has his power as he used to. “But maybe I can guide them through their unconsciousness and remember.” He said, and without another word, he disappeared to thin air.
“Who are you?” Dean is the first one who interrupting their spat.
“Sam she’s been dead years ago, you were in heaven with your parents, Dean, and Bobby.” Castiel trying to make sense of him because whatever they’re up against seems to play around with the brothers and it something he can tolerate.
