“She isn't dead, Dean,” Castiel replied, rising as well. “Neither of them are. Somewhere, something inside of you recognized that they were your family. You did not harm them.”
“Dean, Charlie doesn't hate you. Neither does Castiel, and I don't either. What happened wasn't your fault. No one could have predicted what being murdered would do to you, and I know that your actions don't define who you are. My brother isn't evil, and even though you were a Knight for a while, it doesn't mean you have to let that sully the rest of your life. We all want you here, and we're glad that you're back. Please don't keep blaming yourself.”
“You were never meant to carry a burden this large,” he murmured, and turned away, shoulders drooping. “I have caused this.”
“Perhaps not yet. But it's best to remain alert, and watch all areas around you.” Sam's eyes stung, and he said thickly, “This isn't an impromptu driving lesson, is it?”
Halloween was never Sam's favorite holiday, but everything just got far more complicated.
“Indeed?” Amox said, and his tone held a cold edge. “I did not leave her for the seductive pull of the power you carry. Nor did I refuse to search for her after the Fall.”
Castiel's gaze was uncomprehending as Amox laid the pendant upon Dean's chest. Camael and Aira watched in silence, the entire group waiting with bated breath to see if there was truly any hope that could come from such tragedy.
Despite the rash words of the demon, you are not the one I have chosen.”
Castiel perched on the edge of the table, looking pale and weary.
The Enochian wasn't lost on Dean, whose lower lip trembled slightly before he leaned forward and pressed his lips to the angel's.
he thought dizzily, and ground out through his teeth, “What happened?”
“He chose a path that was erroneous, and wishes to this day that he could change the past. We have all served our own ends and made choices that were for our own good and not to the benefit of others, Camael.”
“Do you even want to bother with this job? The last time we took down one of these things was over four years ago. We could always hand it off to another hunter in the area,” Sam said, and instantly regretted it as his brother's face turned sour.
“Dean, when we first met and I told you God had commanded you to be saved, I lied to you.” Castiel looked the hunter straight in the eyes.
Aira leaned against the wall, lightly folding his arms, but the gesture was not off-putting or malicious, and neither was his tone. “You still harbor doubts about whether to trust me or not.”
Aira kept his gaze on the road. His voice was hard. “I know. Yet there is no other choice now but to face the consequences.”
Warily, Dean did so, allowing the angel to pour him another glass of whiskey. It was a few moments more before Aira began to speak softly. “Years ago, a child was born. She was gifted with the Sight, and Heaven rang with the promise of what she would accomplish for all mankind. As she grew and matured in both knowledge and wisdom, her angel guardian made certain to protect her from the evils of the darkness, both in this world and the one below.” Aira's eyes grew pained. “But there were some who would exploit her gift for their own gain, and those included ones from our own ranks. It soon became necessary for her guardian to undertake the task of wiping her memory to ensure her safety.”
Magdalena drew a breath, and the familiar fire Camael recognized lit in her eyes. She looked at Aira, who had joined them by the bedside, and spoke firmly. “I know where he is headed. Follow me.”
“Quit staring at me, Cas. I’m not made of glass, and I don't need babysitting.”
“Whatever for?”
“Are you that blind?” Castiel hissed. “Your choices over the years have brought your brother to this place.”
Castiel laughed humorlessly. “Do you think you can cheat death?”
Mary seemed not to hear him, and before anyone could stop her, she'd rushed at the seated archangel and slapped him viciously across the face.
“As always, your fury erupts before you fully understand what will be. The angel will die.” “And the Winchester that's been a pain in my ass?” Abbadon spat.
Sam's jaw clenched tight. “I've known you a long time, Castiel, and since Dean needs both of us, I'm going to pretend I didn't hear that.” There was silence on the other end of the line, and Sam pulled the phone away from his ear with a snort.
“There is another ritual,” Castiel said slowly, and Sam instantly leapt for the bookshelves. “Great. Give me everything you've got. I'll start to look through the--”
Dean's lips curved upward in a sinister smile. “
“Give her five hundred milligrams of Amoxicillin, twice a day, for the next five days. If her ear infection is worse than it was this evening, bring her back to the Emergency Department at that time. All right?”
“No!” Sam shouted, but Crowley had already recited something in a language Sam didn't recognize, and the bowl in front of him ignited in a flash of light. Dean let out a yell and covered his eyes, and when the smoke receded, Sam was staring into his brother's enraged face, in which were set coal-black orbs radiating fury and hatred.
Amox bowed his head. “This situation appears more complicated than I originally thought,” he mumbled, and Aira said simply, “All the more reason to move on.”
“What I did to you wasn't me, Charlie. You have to know that. You have to
“Well, since Sam decided to go AWOL on me,” she chirped, “I got kidnapped by a demon and trapped in the basement of some really gnarly house. Oh, and I had this totally far-out encounter with some ghost.”
? What the hell difference is that going to make against a millennia-old Hindu god bent on destroying the world, Castiel?”
It wasn’t a command, but instead an expression of trust, and a lump filled Dean’s throat at the enormity of what Castiel had chosen to share with him. A sudden strange yearning filled his heart, and the man gasped at the intensity.
“Oh, I understand more than you think.” Sobering, he said, “Once you're in this, you're in deep, Magdalena. Demons play hard, and they play for keeps.”
“Mary, enough.”
...at this moment. It’s rather infuriating.”
“Charlie, no.”
Aira's voice sounded very far away, but Amox shook his head once, and Aira did not ask again. At long last, with his vision fading and barely able to draw breath, Amox heard the sweetest sound: Dean's first, ragged intake of air. He was barely aware of hands cradling him against a warm body, but he could not respond. Raising Dean had done its damage, and he was dying. Tender hands cupped his face.
“I know,” she admitted. “I just need time.”
Sam swallowed hard. He did understand; oh, how he understood, and how his heart broke for it, but there was no other choice. If there was any hope of sparing the world Mahākāla's wrath, they had to take this opportunity while they could.
that. I'm not a killer.”
Sam said evenly, “What are you talking about?” He suspected this had something to do with his comment from earlier, but he had to know for certain.
Dean reached over Castiel to grab a beer on the nightstand that the angel had not noticed, taking a deep pull from the bottle.
“How does he know your true name?” the young woman beside him asked, and John shook his head, reeling mentally. “I do not know. But we cannot go by what we says. If this is a trap-”
She shrugged. “Hey, I know how to pick 'em.” A wicked wink was sent Sam's way, and he shook his head.
A lump rose in Sam's throat, and he reached out a hand unbeknownst to himself. “Dean--”
“I'm not drunk enough for this,” he mumbled. “Not in the least.”
“I've come from battle. Demons have infiltrated Ash Creek Township, near the river. They are guarding the place with their very lives—seven of which I took this evening in an attempt to gain information about what is so valuable to them. They outnumbered me, and I was forced to retreat.”
“They have found me.”
“Afternoon, gentlemen,” the man drawled, leaning against the hood. “Cash or credit?”
“But I could have. That's the point--”
“It's done, sir. He's here, and”—a curse was heard, followed by what sounded like things being broken, and then a sigh from the other end of the line. “As one would expect, he's pissed.”
Dean shook his head. “Don't be a martyr. I know you want to be tough, but it's okay to be frightened. Hell, if I were you I would be.” He paused. “There was a time when I was frightened, Magdalena. I would have given anything not to have to be in this fight and to live a normal life. But I'll never have that choice, no matter how much I might still want it sometimes. You do have a choice. You can let us protect you. There's no reason why you need to feel like you have to fend off all the evil that's coming after you on your own.”
Calmly, Aira held up a hand. “She is unharmed, brother,” he said, and some of the tension drained from Amox's body, leaving him feeling weak and shaken. But he refused to give in to the feeling, and instead said harshly, “Bring her to me.” When Aira cast a steady look his way, not replying, the fallen angel's façade crumbled, and he braced himself against the fireplace, whispering, “Please, my brother. I need to see that she is truly well.”
“Pleeeeease,” she wheedled, and he sighed.
She sighed. “Putting up Halloween decorations and giving kids candy isn't technically saying you want to have all the vampires, witches, and goblins in the neighborhood over for tea. I'm just saying that maybe you need to do something festive.”
Dean looked up from lacing his boots to find Sam standing over him with a steaming cup of coffee in one hand and a newspaper in the other, his expression grim. With an irritated sigh, the older Winchester rose, taking the coffee and warming his hands with it.
,” she soothed, and her cool hands wrapped around his own. He sighed.
“ 'S fine,” he mumbled. “I can't sleep anyway. Just shut the door so we can talk.”
Sam spun at the voice, and when he saw who it was, he very nearly lost his composure. Crowley, to his credit, remained calm—although he'd had centuries of practice at that, Sam reminded himself.
A rough hand tangled in her hair, yanking her head back and making her squeak loudly in pain. The fingers of his other hand closed tightly around her wrist, forcing her to drop the knife even as she struggled to pull it out. The demon reveled at the terror in her eyes as his own flicked to an oily black.
Asmodeus rose, choosing his words with much thought. It wouldn't do to irritate a mighty Hindu god. “I summoned you,” he argued carefully. “Does that not place you under my thrall?”
The woman looked him square in the face. She had great courage and strength of heart, Aira reflected. “What evil has he done in your eyes that you feel he must be chastised?”
Dean spun at the voice, and when he saw Castiel standing beside Sam, his look could have murdered a snake.
“What is, Sam? Sitting around staring at all those old books and trying to find a way to save Dean? I love him too, but we need to face the fact that he's gone Darth Vader on us and isn't going to come back. Ever.”
Stars dancing on the edges of his vision, Sam clawed at his brother's hand. “Dean,” he wheezed. “Please.”
Amox's face was filled with a mixture of regret, anger, and sadness. “If he had not come here, I would still be able to keep you from this cycle of destruction.”
Dean groaned loudly as he came to on the rocky ground, his stomach throbbing unpleasantly and the Mark on his arm yearning to spill the blood of an angel—an angel that preferably didn't decide to play the game of stab-and-split—and he rose to his feet, spitting blood. His wound was already healing, albeit slowly, and now he yearned to find something to insert the First Blade in and
“Are you all right?” he said gently. She stared at him fearlessly, and it was then he noticed her red hair and dark eyes.
A sharp rap on his window made the man jump, and he spun to see the angel there. Heart skittering beneath his ribs, he rolled it down. “Jesus, don't do that to a guy,” he snapped. “I never even saw you move.”
“Okay, okay. Just be careful, and don't do anything I wouldn't do.”
She winked at him. “That's not saying much.” Turning back to the bar, where the woman was watching her in amusement, Charlie started over.
Castiel rose and walked over to stand in front of Dean, and the other man swallowed at his proximity. “The things that happen to us in this life occur for a reason, Dean, whether they are giant errors or small ones. You have always been a good man, and this has not changed that.”
The apparition blinked out of sight, and Charlie thought that was the end of it. She breathed a sigh of relief that quickly ended when the girl appeared again, her expression twisted into one of rage, fear, and sorrow as she spoke in a garbled hiss that, nevertheless, Charlie somehow understood.
The younger Winchester shook his head, firm in his answer. “No,” he repeated. “This is a bad idea, and you know it. We already deal with ghosts and every other kind of unsavory creatures all through the year, and now you want to give them open invitations to waltz into the bunker? I don't think so, Charlie.”
At that, the door slammed open on its hinges, and Sam strode across the dungeon floor, his expression filled with seething fury.
“Your time is at an end,” she said clearly, and Amox cast terrified eyes in her direction.
“...is my friend Sam,” Charlie was saying, and Sam blinked, realizing that somehow they'd ended up at the bar without him noticing. Thinking back on what Charlie had said about her crush, he couldn't hide a smile as the pretty young woman wiping out a glass behind the counter shouted over the bass beat, “What can I get you two?”
The voice was familiar, but somehow, Sam couldn't place it. Keeping his gun trained on the darkness around him, he replied tightly, “What did you do to him?”
“No,” she glared at him, although it looked more like a cross-eyed pout. Sam sighed, knowing there was no stopping her when she got like this.
“Embarrassing?” Michael snickered. “Oh, Castiel, if only you could hear this man's reflections of you on a daily basis.” He paused, seeming to be listening to something only he could hear, and grinned again.
His eyes grew stern. “Then perhaps your prophecies have become clouded with misconception and fear.”
Camael paused in the act of reaching for her gun, her heart pounding.
“I witnessed what Dean Winchester did,” she whispered. “I saw how he violently assaulted you, and I could not stop the attack. You were so very still afterward...” She leaned into his palm, warmth spilling over his fingers, and a tightness filled Amox's throat. She was so very young, he thought, and had no part in this. “I'm sorry,” he said feebly, and she opened lashes spiked with tears.
“Time to go,” he said aloud, and sprinted to the Impala, gunning her engine and peeling out after the Mazda, which was already two car lengths ahead of him.
,” he whispered, and his hand slipped from hers.
As though reading his mind—and Sam really didn't want to think about what that meant if he was—Mahākāla stared at him, his eyes betraying nothing. Sam suspected they never would from this point onward. He clenched his teeth and rose, reigning in his temper. “We aren't done here,” he said softly; clearly. “You
Sam opened the door to his bedroom, padding downstairs, and halfway into the hallway he smelled the rich, earthy scent of brewing coffee. Castiel must have been up for a few hours already, he thought, stifling a yawn, and continued on into the kitchen, where he found the angel leaning against the counter, slowly sipping a mug of the steaming liquid. Another sat beside him, the sugar and cream already waiting.
Dean turned slowly in place to face Sam's cold expression, and his countenance was a mask of pure, unadulterated venom.
He smiled sadly, reaching out to cup her chin, thumb tracing a line along her jaw. “You yourself are a gift, beloved,” he murmured, and then said gently, “Were you ever told you had a guardian angel?” Her lower lip trembled, and she replied, “Yes. My mother reminded me, many times, and I know she is with me even now. I only wish I knew her name. I would thank her, for everything.” Amox chuckled softly at that.
Sam rubbed his hands over his face, his eyes gritty and raw, and tried to ignore the way his back screamed at him due to sitting in a chair for so long. The night had worn on while he wasn't looking, and he realized it now that it was very quiet, the only sounds the slight settling the old bunker seemed to do while no one was aware. Castiel had long ago made good on Sam's offer to rest, choosing to arrange himself on Dean's bed in a mass of soft white sheets. When the younger man had checked on him earlier, he had been sprawled comfortably amidst them, his wings tucked close around his form like a nesting chick, and it had taken Sam a moment to digest what a powerful testament this was that even Castiel felt the need for sleep. It was a sign that the Grace he had stolen was slowly but surely eating away at him, as he had said. In that moment, Sam had also realized that the trust Castiel had chosen to impart to him by revealing his wings had also left him with a very rare gift—he could now see the angel's wings even when they were not, so to speak, on a physical plane. The only reason Sam had become certain of that fact was by stepping up to the bed and touching one of Castiel's outstretched wings. His hand had slipped through what felt like a mixture of air and electricity, and it had left him humbled and shaken, leaving the room as quickly as he could without waking Castiel.
Mahākāla gazed at him for so long that Asmodeus was beginning to wonder if perhaps the god had changed his mind about ending his life after all, and the demon had to force himself not to squirm.
When he turned, Asmodeus was leaning against the table again, an eyebrow raised. Dean wiped the Blade on Abbadon's jeans before stowing it back in his jacket pocket with a scowl. “What are you doing standing around? I thought you said we had plans.”
“Jesus, Cas!” he yelped. “Don't do that!”
As he drove away, a small, knowing smile curved Crowley's lips upward.
Realization dawned on Dean. “That's why the demons are after you. They were going to...” His eyes slipped shut. “Oh Christ. Metatron sent them, didn't he? To finish the job you couldn't, and then end your life for failure to stick with his program?”
“It will do you no good.” Castiel at last looked up, and the heaviness in his blue eyes was frightening to see. “He is the angel of Death.”
In a soft Scottish accent, the angel replied, “You have never been this reckless. The demon Crowley did his part, but Cain's Mark is surely wearing on you, Dean Winchester.”
The man in question groaned again. “Yeah, Cas.”
“It's Cas,” he said quietly, taking the frightened redhead's hand. “He said not to go help him.”
“What? Crowley, I--”
“Do it,” Aira insisted urgently, but the attendant was already at their window.
“I do not fear death,” Castiel replied, and moved closer as the god did the same.
“I love you,” Castiel murmured, blue eyes locked onto liquid forest green, and Dean huffed out a laugh.
Dean found himself being manhandled up the stairs to his bedroom, and found he had never been so turned on in his life as the moment when Castiel kicked the door shut and threw him to the bed, crawling up his body to straddle his thighs. Reaching out blindly, Dean fumbled in his nightstand drawer for the tube of lubricant he knew would be there, and pulling it out, flicked it open before squeezing out a generous amount and beginning to slick the other man's cock. Castiel hissed, throwing his head back in pleasure at being touched, and Dean's breath stuttered at the sight.
Mahākāla's head turned toward the new voice, and a cruel smile twisted his lips as he let Castiel go. The man forced himself to his knees again, his heart telling him to remain alert for this.
“Sir? Can't we use the Winchester to get to Abbadon?”
"It is highly possible.”
Amox looked away. “No,” he admitted, just as quietly.
Dean felt his stomach sink with horror. “Absolve her? You mean kill her, don't you?”
Sam resisted the urge to look at Dean. “What do you mean, 'I guess'?”
Castiel felt a wicked wrench deep inside, and knew he was feeling the man's pain. He tightened his grip on Dean's arm, voice firm.
“Yes,” Castiel said, very quietly. “Now do you understand?”
“I am,” she responded, with more force than even the demon anticipated. He chuckled. “Apparently you're also quite the little spitfire.” He seemed amused for a few moments more, but then his demeanor abruptly changed. He took her chin in his hand, surprising everyone there. Magdalena herself froze at his touch, but Crowley's gaze was unbreakable as he spoke softly. “You'll need all of that fire you can muster for this fight, little one. And even I have my doubts that will be enough.”
“Dean--”
The air had suddenly become cold, and gooseflesh rose on Amox's arms. “Who do you speak of, Magdalena?” he pressed. “What is the name of this creature?”
Tall and Dark laughed. “Oh, honey, no one's coming for you.”
“You knew,” he said, and caught hold of her shoulders, giving them a firm shake. “
Castiel had never been privileged enough to see this part of the bunker before, and he had to admit that it was quite impressive. He examined the walls upon which the weaponry lay, recognizing samurais from China's sixth dynasty, bayonets from the French Revolution, scimitars from Saudi Arabia's many sultans, and many more articles of protection. All were proudly displayed where they could clearly be seen...but Castiel knew what he sought would not be so easily found.
“Oh, really?” Dean's voice had taken on an icy, dangerously soft edge. “And why is that?”
“Shit,
“Then what’s the problem?” Dean snapped. “You afraid I'm going to go all The Shining and make mincemeat out of everybody? I'm only bringing the Blade as backup, not so I can go on a killing spree.”
“I understand,” she murmured, and then, suddenly, she chuckled humorlessly.
“Um...hi,” he said quietly. “I'm making omelettes and bacon, if you want any.”
Castiel's reply was cool and unexpected, and it sent chills down Sam's spine with the certainty of it. “The prophecy you read was never meant for the demon Crowley.”
A soft moan from the bed brought Camael out of her reverie, and almost by rote, she took one of the many vials of holy water that she carried and splashed it into the girl's face. She choked, coughing, and before she could fully recover, Camael caught her arm and sliced it with a silver knife. She whimpered as the blood welled to the surface, and satisfied with the results that she was human, at least, Camael sat back and handed her a cloth, waiting as she applied pressure to the wound.
She gently turned his face so that his gaze met hers. “What is to say that she will perish? Perhaps she can save us all.”
Rustling all around him now made Sam stop, his heart beating furiously with adrenaline. He knew he was being surrounded, and he wondered what was taking the angel so long.
The angel gave a nod, never taking his gaze off of Dean. The redhead quietly padded down the hall, but not before taking one last long look at the angel and the hunter. It was clear how Castiel felt, and Charlie could only hope that he didn't get emotionally slaughtered when Dean finally came around.
A muscle in his jaw twitched, and Charlie's eyes went soft.
Sam studied him. “It sounds like you're speaking from experience, Castiel.” His voice was hard.
“Yeah, okay, fine.” Dean opened the Impala's driver side door, but then hesitated. “Just stay out of my way, and-” His jaw tightened. “Keep Sammy out of the loop.”
“Dean Winchester,” Castiel growled, surprising even himself. Dean blinked at the change of tone in the angel’s voice, shifting on the bed. “You are the most stubborn, in-denial man I have ever had the irritating pleasure of knowing.”
At last she passed a sign on the highway that informed her she was within Wyoming's city limits, and something inside her settled into a state of absolute calm. She knew it was here she would either meet her fate, become a savior, or, possibly, both—and that frightened her more than anything else she might have to face.
Camael's expression was filled with concern. “How do we slay a god when we don't know his weakness?”
“As I am sure you are aware from Abaddon’s reckless plan to harvest them, souls are…explosive, to put it mildly. They can be harnessed for good or ill, and have the power to level entire cities if used for the darkness.”
Aira curled bloodstained fingers around Dean's wrist. “You must take me to him,” he said, his breathing labored. With each word, more blood oozed from between Dean's fingers, and if he moved them just so, he could see a bluish-white light seeping from the edges of the point of entry. Cold chills raked down his spine, for he knew all too well what that meant.
“Come on!”
A low moan rang throughout the bunker, and Charlie shuddered. “That sounds horrible,” she whispered.
Dean's heart began to race with the familiarity of the Mark's calling, and he smiled wolfishly. “Are you saying you'll
“Not to spoil your fun, chap, but when you find this irreverent whore, you do know the means of sending her back to where she belongs, don't you?”
“The fuck?” Dean spat out, as he caught sight of Amox's furious face in the rapidly deepening night, backlit by the moon. “Get off me.”
Amox stiffened slightly. “Don't feel you must interrupt your conversation on account of me,” he said tightly, and Magdalena gazed at him with a calm sort of authority in her eyes that Amox had not seen before. When she spoke, he heard it in her voice as well.
“Okay, Cas,” Sam said softly. “Do what you have to do.”
“Sam, take Mary and go.”
The angel looked away, his expression saddened. “Magdalena informed me that Dean Winchester was the one to place you in this condition—before he removed himself from the situation with the demon Crowley.”
Dean thought. Taking a pull from the beer, he said, “Aira brought me here because of you. He was dying and needed the help anyway, but he said that you were born with the Sight. He told me your guardian angel had tried to protect you as you got older, but was forced to wipe your memory to keep you safe. Unfortunately, your memory's started to come back, and along with that, so has your...gift, for lack of a better word. Am I right?”
“I found it after I saw that ghost. It was lying in a heap of crap beside the doorway out. It was half hidden, but I saw it. It was almost like the ghost wanted me to take it.”
The air seemed to crackle with electricity around them, and Castiel's blue eyes narrowed dangerously. “Would you like to test that theory?” he growled.
“You would give up your life for this monster?” Amox said agitatedly. “The man inside is long gone, Castiel! He chose his path; leave him to it!” Castiel watched Mahākāla with a soldier's eye as the two advanced on each other, seeking any opening he could use.
Surprised, Castiel did as he was asked. Dean was hardly ever willing to be the one to open up first, but given what had happened, Castiel figured he should be grateful the man wanted to have a few “chick-flick moments”.
Dean set the coffee down on the table between them with a loud thunk, most of it slopping over the edge, and rose, fury standing in his eyes.
Despite the fact that Dean was not
Dean pulled up across the street from the Historic Plains Hotel in Cheyenne, turning the Impala's engine off. He didn't move, however, choosing instead to simply sit there and stare at the tall building. It didn't escape Crowley's notice that his fingers were rhythmically stroking the handle of the Blade beside him, which was now unwrapped, and the demon smiled. “You haven't lost your nerve, have you?”
In one swift movement, Dean had drawn the Blade up and across her throat violently. She choked, blood streaming down the black sweater she was wearing, and she stumbled to her knees, fear in her eyes as she gazed up at Dean. He stared down at her in disgust, watching until she crumpled to the floor.
Sam jumped on the word immediately. “Unless what? If Dean doesn't have to be murdered, Cas, you've gotta let us know. Now.”
The ride back to the bunker was quiet. They had buried Amox in the woods, along with the pendant, and had brought Camael and Magdalena back to the motel room. From there, Magdalena had said, they would be able to figure out their future.
“I know, deep down, that you're not a bad man,” she admitted. “It's just hard for me to see that right now.” She hiccuped again, cautiously going to meet him and staring into his wet green eyes.
“I see.” The archangel crossed one leg over the other calmly.
“Well, start making it on my time,” Abbadon snapped. “I have a schedule to keep and a Winchester to tear to pieces.”
The hunter’s chest rose and fell rapidly as Castiel let his hand drop. “Don’t,” Dean begged softly, and then, when Castiel looked at him questioningly, he amended, “Please don’t stop touching me.”
“I am fine,” she said tersely. “Unless you count the cost that I am currently cold from arguing with a senseless man in the middle of a downpour.”
Obediently, the demons backed away, and Sam looked up at Crowley with sheer, unadulterated hate in his eyes. “I'm going to slit your throat for this, you son of a bitch. Whatever you did to Dean--”
Castiel looked away, his eyes haunted. “I'm truly sorry, Sam. I should have done more in my part to cage your brother. It's my fault that he is now loose in the wind.”
Castiel reached out and laid a hand over Sam's own, squeezing gently. “I care for Dean as well,” he said softly, “and I will not rest until I have found a way to release him from Cain's mark. The road will not be easy, Sam, but we must try. Don't dwell on the negative aspects of this situation. Attempt to think positively.”
Abbadon's entire body stiffened at the last request, her eyes ablaze. “You fucking asshole,” she snarled at Asmodeus. “You swore to me you'd tear him apart!”
“I know,” Sam replied. “Believe me, Charlie, I know it does. But if I can get Dean back after all this...”
Dean rose at that, the First Blade in his grip. “Well, then, let's go give him a proper lesson on what happens when you wander where you're not supposed to go.”
“I thought...” Sam floundered. “I thought angels got a different ride home,” he stumbled.
“Come here, you little bitch! I'm going to make you sorry that put that pigsticker in me!”
Abbadon's coy demeanor was back in an instant, and she wound his gray tie around her fingers, playing with one of the cuffs of his black blazer with the other. “Didn't I mention, sweetheart? This man has an angel following him around like a puppy. And unless I'm blind, there have got to be some very good opportunities for you there.”
Amox spun in his seat. “What do you mean?” he demanded harshly. “I am of a perfectly clear mind.”
“Castiel's right,” Sam agreed, watching the other being as he began to show small signs of obvious attempts to free himself. “Michael is dangerous, even like this. We need to leave.”
“Yes,” Aira said softly, and Dean's fingers tightened on his glass. “He really is a dick,” he said bitterly. “You have a name and a location for this girl?”
Castiel leaned in until his nose was brushing Dean's jaw. “I have always thought you were righteous,” he murmured. “Righteous, strong, and a beautiful warrior. You proved that today.”
Amox held his gaze. “It can also raise the dead. That is why Lucifer was so intent on creating it.”
“Which means?” Camael asked, her grip on Amox tightening slightly, and Aira replied gravely, “His soul has become bound to Mahākāla. What humanity he owned, the god claimed as its own.”
“Why have you done this?” she asked through gentle tears. Camael was unfazed. “I don't welcome monsters under my roof. What do they call you?”
Sam heard the chaos in the dungeon an instant before the bunker's lights went out, and he grabbed the weapon nearest him—Castiel's angel blade, he noticed quickly—and thundered through the darkened halls, the building quaking around him with every mile he ran. When he reached the dungeons, all was quiet, but Sam wasn't stupid enough to think that everything was over. He gripped the blade tighter, and approached the dungeon door.
?” he hissed.
Dean looked pained. “Just...please, Charlie, let me explain.”
Dean, however, shook his head. “I have. Certain djinns that have been around for centuries are very powerful, and what she's describing sounds like we have exactly that on our hands.”
Castiel gazed down at Dean, and the man's emerald eyes were steadfast as he spoke. “Did you mean that kiss?”
Castiel gazed at him sadly. “You've meant much to me, Sam.”
Sam blinked as the angel withdrew a miniature bottle from somewhere on his person, uncorking it. Gold and white light swarmed together and made a beeline straight for Dean's open mouth, disappearing inside without a sound.
“You were given a gift, child,” Aira spat. “Use it.”
The angel handed him a full glass of the whiskey. “They are an addiction and a poison both,” he said, eyes deep andknowing. Switching gears suddenly, he asked, “Do you know what my name means?” Dean took the whiskey, tossing half of it back in one gulp, ignoring the harsh burn as it went down. “Can't say I do.”
“Look,” Dean said brusquely. “I'm not stupid. I know you were an angel once. I know your real name, and I have an idea of what you went through when the rest of your buddies crashed to earth with you. What I don't know is what role you're playing, but we can't stand around wasting time. Aira's dying, and if you can't help him I have a feeling that some serious shit is going to go down. He directed me here, so what's your plan?”
A sudden deafening gunshot made the woman shriek and duck behind him, and then the door swung open to reveal a blonde wet with blood not his own. In his arms he carried another man who was frighteningly familiar, and the woman watched as her friend's face drained of all color. The blonde waved one hand at them haphazardly, in which he held a .45—which was a feat considering he was still attempting to carry Aira. “I warned you I'd shoot your damn door in. Now where's your couch so I can put him down?”
Castiel shook his head. “Never mind. Dean is here, isn't he?”
“How many visions do you get in a day, Magdalena? A week? A month?” A gasp fled her lips, and she whispered, “How do you-”
“What the hell happened?” the other man muttered. “I feel like I went ten rounds with a Golem.”
Halloween has never been Sam's favorite holiday, but everything just got far more complicated.
“Will it really save Dean if you do this?”
For a moment, the two stared each other down, and then Dean flung his keys atop the table, where they skittered across the mahogany wood. “Fine,” he bit out. “But if I'm throwing in my lot with you, you'd better figure out a way that I can keep Crowley off my trail. Like you already know, he's the reason that I accosted you in that hospital. When he finds out I haven't sent you back upstairs to angel prison, it's not going to make his day.”
“Your brother, obviously. The Mark of Cain is a beautiful thing.”
There was no response, and Dean's patience grew thin--not that he had much of it these days, anyway. “Come and get it,” he smiled wickedly, and thanks to the Mark, moved forward faster than a human could have followed.
“Then you may be the one to break the news to her, for I cannot place this burden on her shoulders,” Amox snapped, trembling slightly. Dean was about to open his mouth, but then he remembered Aira's words. “
“Castiel may be the key.” Amox turned to stare at Aira, his eyes shrewd.
“Cas, we need to go check this out. It sounds serious.”
Jack's expression was troubled. “I hope Castiel makes it out of this alive.”
Dean's Adam's apple bobbed as he swallowed tightly, and then came the question Castiel had been waiting to hear.
“Dean Winchester. Well hello, lover.”
Dean flipped the omelettes, his hand shaking slightly. “Why not? I deserve everything and anything that you guys send my way. Hell, I'd be surprised if Charlie didn't try to throw a punch at me again...or run me through in my sleep.”
“Dean,” Sam said firmly, though his heart was hammering as he observed the casual, careless attitude of his sibling and the way in which he held the First Blade. “Give me the weapon.”
Dean heard the screen door open behind him, but he didn't turn from where he leaned against the porch railing, nursing a cold beer. The warm summer night teemed with the sounds of crickets and tree frogs all around Amox's property, and it really wasn't a surprise when Magdalena's soft voice drifted up to him on the perfumed evening breeze.
Halloween was never Sam's favorite holiday, but everything just got far more complicated.
“Do you truly believe that you, a mere man, can hold me here?” he asked softly, and Sam stepped away, his expression as hard as flint.
“Castiel!” Amox shouted. “There is no Righteous Man left!”
“Stop that!” she demanded with a shriek, spinning to face Magdalena, who gazed at her gently. “Whatever is happening to you, I have no part in it,” she said softly. “I can only predict the future. I do not meddle in the past.”
Sam met his gaze briefly. “And if you can't?”
“What did you do to Castiel? Did you kill him, too? I know he meant something to you once.”
Dean held up his arm, and the Mark shone red and angry in the dim light of the bunker. Sam stared at it a little too long, and Dean growled, “This isn't going to stop me from saving innocent people, Sam. Get that through your head. I might be cursed, but I'm not going to let anyone else stay that way.”
“Your driving is terrible,” she said flatly, and despite himself, Amox hid a grin.
A fire lit in the angel’s eyes, one that Dean felt to the very marrow of his bones. He whimpered as Castiel leaned closer, and then their lips met in a glorious, beautiful moment.
It barely registered that the hand he used to open her elaborate suite was bloodied, and he did a quick sweep with his eyes for signs that any of her lackeys might be nearby. However, he saw no one, and he swiftly stepped inside, closing the door nearly silently. It was easy to locate Abbadon. She was seated on a plush red velvet couch overlooking the city, her back to him, and Dean could barely contain the rising bloodlust he felt.
“What the
Before the said creature in question could reply, the other man pressed the blade tighter against his throat, hard enough to draw a thin line of blood. “And try not to lie to me,
Sympathetically, the doctor nodded. “I'll take care of him.” A few moments later, he tapped softly on the outside wall of room twelve. “Mike?” he called. “It's Doctor MacHale. May I enter?”
“You enjoy that.” Dean had finally put the knife down, turning back to the files and beginning to thumb through them again, his back to Sam. It was clear the conversation was over.
Castiel's sad gaze was answer enough for Sam, and he swallowed a sudden rush of bile, putting his head in his hands as his eyes stung with tears. “I want to help him,” he whispered. “I have to help him. I can't just abandon him, Cas. It's not right.”
Mary bit her lip and nodded. “From what I know of Michael, he'll chew Castiel up and spit him out, if he isn't careful.”
Sam thought, feeling nauseated.
Camael came awake with a start when her fingers reached out and touched nothing but cold sheets, and she sat up immediately, her eyes trying to adjust to the darkness of the room. At once she knew that Amox was not there, and she quietly slipped on her jeans and shirt, intending on heading outside to search for him, when Magdalena's tearful voice was heard at the end of the bed.
Amused, Asmodeus arched a slim brow. “What is one man to me? I have many under my thrall.”
The angel withdrew into the center of the room, where he proceeded to undress. Clothes were never a necessity to him; he could just as easily have walked around naked. Dean, however, had informed him (rather panicked) that this was not acceptable, and would definitely get one arrested.
“I haven't done anything to Dean.” He smiled. “Per se.”
His tone left no room for argument, and it was then Sam realized Crowley had no intention of leaving the dungeon alive. He paused, indecisive.
For an instant, Amox forgot how to breathe as his mind was filled with visions of deep red hair, laughing dark brown eyes, and wings the color of a falcon's. A lump filled his throat as he snarled, “Do not speak her name to me. You do not have the right.”
Sam raised an eyebrow mid-sip. “Really, Charlie? I thought you wanted to have some fun.”
When no answer came, he barked, “I've got a nearly dead angel here! Somebody tell me where the nearest soft surface is!”
“Aren't we patient?” Crowley sighed irritably, but reached into his blazer pocket nonetheless and handed Dean a slip of paper. Dean took it, staring at the fluid scrawl.
“Yes,” she replied, tears in her voice, and he said raggedly, “Where is Magdalena?”
Dean smiled mirthlessly. “No rest for the hunted, Sam.”
he said quietly yet firmly, taking her by the shoulders. Already he could feel her shaking, a slow, steady tremble working up from the soles of her feet. Her brown eyes were bright with fear as she spoke breathlessly.
The angel met him in the hallway, tie askew and his hair sticking up in odd tufts that would have been unbearably adorable at any other time. “What is it?” he asked roughly, gripping Sam's shoulders to shake him slightly as his gaze seared the Winchester's soul.
in Dean's general direction, the telltale sound of wings was heard, and Castiel stood there.
“Fine, we'll have it somewhere else. You want to tell me how a doctor is going to get a supposedly mentally unstable patient out of the hospital unseen?” The response was a shrug as the angel gathered his fallen chart. “I'll simply tell them I'm taking you to the family room in order that you may make a telephone call. From there it will be easy to leave. The rear doors are not alarmed, and I possess a pass that will get us through.”
“Yeah. It was a man—I guess it was a man, anyway.”
Sam discreetly headed to his room as soon as they got in, claiming he was tired and wanted time to process what had happened, but Castiel knew that he thought his brother and the former angel should have some space to discuss what they needed to.
Aira sighed heavily. “We have long awaited a heavy prophesy from the Sight, not knowing when it would come. We cannot place a time on when that prophesy will be spoken, and if it were to be spoken in the presence of demons...” He paused, his posture stiff, expression brooding. “When the rest of Heaven fell, I was allowed to keep my Grace to...absolve her of her sins. I have found myself unable to do so.”
Aira stopped him. “There is more.”
“In here.” Crowley's voice was weary, and Sam hurried down the hall to where it emanated from, emerging into none other than Dean's bedroom. Fitting, he thought mirthlessly, that Castiel should meet his end in the place where his closest ally and friend had lived his life. “How is he?” Sam asked, but the moment the words were out of his mouth, he knew that they were pointless. Castiel's form was far too still, and his face was pale, blood staining his clothes. The angel's once magnificent wings, Sam noticed, were no longer visible, and the Winchester frowned.
“You must decide, my brother. Now is the time to make a stand or choose to do nothing.” Amox's fingers tightened on the railing until his knuckles were white, his eyes focused on the twilit yard.
Amox's only response was a slight repositioning of his body. Dean recognized it for what it was—a fighter's stance—and leapt at once. Amox was the first to land a blow, his fist connecting solidly with Dean's stomach. The man grunted, but was undeterred, coming at him next with a right hook that sent Amox tumbling into the grass, blood on his split lip. At the sight, Dean's own sang high with the promise of victory, and he snarled viciously, attacking now with all the fervor the Mark had to offer. Somewhere, he was dimly aware of someone screaming, but it wasn't until hands were throwing him aside that he blinked, coming back to himself.
Crowley stared at him coolly. “Oh, I prefer to think of it as rising.”
The demon's messenger had said that he was not interested in Castiel himself, which would mean that Crowley apparently either wanted Sam for his own devious plans—which had always amounted to catastrophe in the past—or had been working with Dean throughout this entire time and wished the man to be out of the way in order that the older Winchester might fulfill his destiny as the true son of Cain. In either case, it was a horrifying scenario, and one that the angel had every intention of stopping, no matter the cost.
There was a brief moment when there was not a sound nor movement, and then a demon stepped into view, black eyes cold. The features were unmistakeable, and Sam's gun slipped to the hard ground as his breath faltered.
Magdalena took in the sight of the priest with his compassionate expression, and sudden tears welled in her eyes. The man arranged his holy robes and knelt beside her. “What troubles you, my child?” She shook her head. “I cannot speak of it,” she whispered, and he laid a comforting hand on her shoulder. “It's no matter. The Lord knows your pain, and He will heal you from all that disturbs you, my child.”
” Amox spat, but Dean only looked at him sharply. “He's not here for you.” To Crowley, he said coolly, “Give me a minute,” and stepped outside onto the porch, returning a few moments later, replacing a Sharpie in his jacket pocket. “You can enter now,” he said casually.
don't do this. I already lost Dean. I don't want to lose you, too.”
? he asked whoever was listening.
Castiel nibbled on Dean's earlobe, which earned him a deep, stifled groan, and murmured into the side of his neck, “We have plenty of time to think of something.”
Dean nearly drew the blade then and there, but Aira spoke, his tone cool and collected. “There are innocent men and women within these rooms. I know you care nothing for them, but perhaps you care for your own safety. This man bears the Mark.”
“Examine them again.” Sam doubted that would change anything, but if Castiel thought it would help...
Nearly silently, he went back inside the house. Amox remained on the porch for a long time after that, unable to shake Aira's words from his mind. He was torn, both in his mind and his soul. His brother was correct, he knew; he had always been proven right in matters such as these. As Aira had so aptly pointed out, it was only Amox's own limitations that prevented him from assisting those in need. Once more, his hand rose to touch the cord at his throat, then slipped down to lightly grasp the pendant which hung from it. The stone warmed immediately at his touch, and Amox felt the hum of power coursing through his veins. Eyes filled with turmoil, he let the jewel drop. He could not! The last time he had elected to use the gem, its consequences had been devastating. But if you do not, a voice in the back of his mind said softly, you condemn those that would require your aid to death nonetheless. Which, he wondered miserably as he hung his head, was worse? He had but one chance to make his path this time different, and were he to turn his back on it, this outcome would be more ruinous than the first.
Crowley met Dean's gaze, spine prickling. “What are you, then, chap?” he asked quietly.
“Hi. What's your name?”
Sam didn't know what to say to that, and for long moments the two stared at the creature that lay between them on the bed, once a pillar of strength and power, but now a beaten, broken shell that was quickly passing from this world. Sam clenched his fists. There had to be some way they could stop this.
Amox felt eyes watching him from the porch, and when he lifted his gaze, Magdalena was gazing at him silently. Betrayed, ashamed, and feeling raw beyond words, Amox lifted his head and screamed his pain to the weeping skies.
Sam blinked. “They outnumbered you? How many are there, Cas?”
“Don't 'Dean' me,” was the frantic reply. “You don't know what I did. How I was. What I
“You're a prophetess, Magdalena. You have the Sight because we're all waiting for you to speak a specific prophesy. No one knows when it will come, or how it will be spoken, but we have to watch for it and monitor you closely. If we don't, and demons get a hold of you before it comes tumbling out, they'll do anything and everything they can to get you to speak it before your time. And believe me when I say that they know exactly how to get an unwilling person to talk.” Dean forced down the bile that rose up in his throat at the thought, and steeled himself, meeting Magdalena's gaze.
The roar echoed throughout the halls, and Charlie cringed, visibly shrinking into herself. Sam pushed her behind himself in an attempt to protect her, and then Dean's yell came again.
“Language,” Castiel chided breathlessly, sweat gleaming on his chest as he relentlessly increased the pace.
“I know your precious human's every thought,” he said smoothly, “and quite a few of them are...salacious, shall we say.” He eyed Castiel with sudden interest. “Tell me, have either of you consummated this love yet?”
Crowley's expression turned ugly, and he said quietly, dangerously, “No, I suppose you aren't. But I highly doubt Dean would take kindly to the fact that his own brother and his angel don't believe in his purpose, considering that he's now working with Asmodeus to kill Castiel.”
“His name is Amox,” Asmodeus grunted, massaging his throat. “He stole the pendant and now carries guilt over his past mistakes—which include murder of his own kind in the name of the Christian devil.”
The rustling of sheets behind him was an indication that Magdalena was awake, and soon her tired, anxious voice broke the peaceful stillness. “He is coming.”
Dean laughed shortly. “Nice try, but I'm not stupid. I know exactly what kind of 'businessman' you are. I was in Hell for forty years, Asmodeus.” His eyes grew dark with remembrance, and he lowered the Blade slightly, something that, unbeknownst to him, Abbadon was watching closely. “I stood at that rack with Alistair for ten years and carved up souls like I was a butcher at a meat shop. I had my hands so deep in blood, spleens, and hearts that I forgot what it was like to do simple trading.” His gaze flicked to Asmodeus, and the demon noted that the man's eyes were nearly black, the green all but disappeared. He spoke calmly.
His gaze turned on Crowley, and the cynical smile became a twisted sneer. “I see we've got ourselves a traitor in our midst. And we all know what happens to traitors.”
Hurt long buried flared to life in Camael's heart. "Of course he has not. He betrayed me. Whatever would make him remember me?"
For just a moment, a grief so intense and terrible surfaced in Castiel's eyes that it took Sam's breath away. But it was gone as quickly as it had come, and the angel pulled a thick, heavy tome across the table, saying only, “My fight is no longer with the man himself.”
The day was becoming cooler with the threat of rain as man and angel traveled the long, winding highways. Aira, it seemed, had said his piece, and Dean could not come up with anything worthwhile to speak about. He didn't know what the outcome of their journey would be, and while he had faced such odds before, for some reason, this time it caused him great trepidation. He couldn't put a name to the feelings that stirred in his gut, but they were unpleasant, and they frightened him more than he was willing to admit. At last Dean was forced to pull over at a gas station near the Kansas/Nebraska line to fill the Impala's hungry tank, and as he shut off the engine, he turned to look at Aira, whose eyes were fixated on the lean, tall older man who stepped out from inside his booth to assist them.
That meant only one thing, and it was something he had hoped he would never live to see.
Charlie tapped her foot impatiently as she stood in the parking lot of the club. It turned out the beautiful bartender had someone else, who had discovered their attempt at a tryst and had quite emphatically told the redhead that her dream girl was “absolutely, completely off limits, so get lost”. Now, Sam was nowhere to be found, even though Charlie had looked for him everywhere. She was hoping that he was just in some remote corner having a little adult fun, but as she looked around the parking lot, there was no sign of the Impala, and that was starting to both annoy and worry her.
Magdalena moved, but Aira said, “Let him go. He wishes no one near him now.”
Magdalena huffed in irritation. “This cycle of destruction began when he saw fit to warn me of my destiny.”
Carefully, Sam finished rinsing the suds off the handle and dried the pan, trying to think of a way to answer the angel. He didn't know what exactly constituted a sinner, but he was fairly certain that if Castiel was trying to compare himself to his brothers and sisters, he was far from one.
Magdalena shifted on the curb to look at him, her brown eyes wide with concern. “Why do you say these things to me?” she asked, her voice trembling. “It is as though you are trying to tell me goodbye.”
The gaze that Castiel leveled on him then was dull, hopeless, and the saddest Sam had ever seen in his life. “Yes, I am. And there will be no resurrection for me this time.”
Hearing her name from this young lady made chills run down Camael's spine, but she snapped, “He chose to steal one of Lucifer's creations and run! He chose to lie to me and destroy the trust between us. When the Fall happened, he deemed it best to break all contact with me. I refuse to believe he does not know I am alive. He cannot have lost all senses that he once owned as an angel. Even I still retain some, to a certain degree.”
“And Magdalena?” Dean pressed ruthlessly. “What about her? How do I know that whole story isn't just a big setup? I'm not going to risk my ass just to get killed in the end.”
He held her eyes. “Do you truly believe that?”
Sam grabbed wildly at Castiel's arm, and missed, as the fallen angel stepped into the clearing, sword aloft.
He knew his stricken look must have been showing on his face when the male jeered, “I guess you didn't get the memo. Oops.”
A mixture of fury and grief filled Castiel, and he rose so swiftly that the chair he had been using toppled backwards to the floor. Without a second thought, he'd strode forward and caught Michael by the lapels of his suit jacket, surprising them both.
Confused, Jack and Mary stared at him, and Sam cleared his throat as another desperate noise was heard.
Michael smiled. “Is that a threat, brother?” he asked pleasantly, and Castiel snarled.
He hadn't realized he'd spoken the words aloud until Crowley choked out, “What?” and recoiled. Immediately Sam caught his arm, fingers tightening painfully around his wrist. “I trust you,” he gritted. “You've hurt me and my family, but that's what redemption is. It's a second chance. I'm giving you a second chance, Crowley.
Mahākāla's merciless eyes landed on Castiel, fixing him in place. Though they were whispered, his words still reached the ears of everyone present.
“Castiel, you're going to be fine, right, after this ritual is over?”
Dean's blood curdled at the words, and he was already trying to pull away by the time Abbadon's fingers curled around his chin to hold him in place, blood-red nails scraping against his cheek. His skin prickled with disgust.
“Not yet. But he will be soon if we don't do something to stave off the Reapers that I can see in every corner of this bloody room.”
see me again.”
Charlie's own eyes had gone from frightened to hurt to cold in a matter of seconds, and she'd replied icily, “I'm not hungry. Besides, I'd rather not get anywhere near you while you're chopping stuff.”
Sam shook his head. “Not to be rude or anything, but Dean's already dead. How can that help us?”
“Dean, turn on the car and drive away immediately,” Aira ordered quietly.
Amox did not turn as the screen door quietly closed behind him, and Aira spoke gently.
Castiel reached out, gently touching the man's wrist. Dean instantly reacted, jerking away from the angel as if he'd been burned, eyes wide.
Mary's head whipped around to look at the young man as though her head was on a string, and Sam grew redder as his brother's name was suddenly shouted violently. “You could say that.”
“I'm here,
Castiel, for his part, did not doubt it, but he said nothing, choosing to ignore the steadily growing pains within his own form. As much as he yearned to disclose the true source of his earlier disgruntled state with Sam, he knew that to do so would bring more sorrow that the younger Winchester did not need. But years of living as a hunter had alerted Sam to the minute details of when someone was lying, and he knew immediately that Castiel was no exception. One slim brow rose, and his voice was even as he spoke. “I'm sort of thinking that there's more to you randomly wanting to kick my ass today than meets the eye.”
“Well done,” a voice said, and Sam rose immediately to face his brother—or what had been his brother. In his place was a creature that Sam did not recognize; one that carried himself with a strange air of authority and power. He was robed in black, the First Blade tucked at his belt. His eyes were black again—what Sam guessed was a permanent change. At first Sam was left floundering, until what he'd researched about Hindu gods came flooding back.
“Then perhaps you should show me,” he said softly, and bent his head. She let him maul her mouth for only the briefest of moments before she pulled away with a laugh, twisting out of his reach.
She managed to smile through her tears. “I know.”
Castiel's question was quiet when it came, and it was one that Sam was not expecting. “Do you believe that I am a sinner, Sam?”
“I fear one of our brothers has died.”
Mahākāla's eyes gleamed with hunger—a hunger far deeper than that of the Mark of Cain, Asmodeus noted with satisfaction.
“See? He's harmless,” Dean muttered out of the corner of his mouth, as he watched him whistle to himself while attaching the hose to the Impala's tank. Still, the feeling of unease only grew stronger.
“To what?” Sam pushed gently, and she whispered, “To kill myself. I had to kill myself to wake up.”
Shocked, both Dean and Magdalena stared at him, and then, Dean's lip curled. “Well, what do you know. Apparently it's my day to meet a bunch of dicks. Death has this guy by the balls, and you'd rather let him die.” His eyes gleamed with barely suppressed fury. “Maybe I should have aimed better through the door and tried for your heart.”
John's nostrils flared with a mixture of anger and frustration. He knew what the man must be feeling, and he felt deeply for his companion's needs, but to open his home and his heart again would invite suffering and distress he had tried for so long to hold at bay—and had succeeded in so doing. He could not afford to have everything torn from his grasp.
Hearing the human name he had chosen for himself undid Amox, and he wept in relief as they embraced tightly, each glad the other was alive. After long moments, Magdalena released him and touched his cheek, tracing a cut that Dean had left. “You are alive,” she murmured gratefully. Gently, he covered her hand with his own. “You doubted I would survive?”
Something in the angel's tone made Amox pause with the cup halfway to his mouth. When his eyes met Aira's, he put it down immediately.
“Don't leave me again,” she whispered. “I need my Handmaiden.”
“Magdalena,” Camael said softly, taking her hands, “I know about your gift. I know that is the reason you came. I think now is the time when it is needed.”
,” she pleaded. “Talk to me, I beg you. I am frightened.”
Castiel attempted to rise at that, anger and fear in his eyes, only to be held back by Sam. “Don't you dare,” the man ordered, and then realized what Castiel's reaction signified. “You didn't know that Dean is supposed to become King of Hell, did you?” he whispered, and Castiel fought against Sam's restraining arms once more.
Sam spat and cursed every obscenity in the book, and some he'd definitely made up, as a group of demons pulled him forcibly from Castiel, dragging him over to an old pipe in the kitchen that had been left exposed and proceeded to hogtie him to it with two lengths of chain, which they then padlocked together. “What are you planning to do to him?” Sam shouted, as the rest of the demons dragged Castiel upright, the angel letting out a high, agonized cry. Sam's heart and stomach clenched in sympathy and horror at the sound.
“We are not safe here.” Magdalena's words were soft, and Amox looked back at the motel room, knowing that Camael was inside with Aira, as he had asked. He trusted no one more than his brother to watch over her and keep her from harm.
“They didn't, did they?” Dean said, and Amox shook his head, looking more weary than Dean had ever seen anyone appear. “No. He did indeed manage to create the pendant. It fell to earth upon the neck of an angel, but he managed to escape Lucifer's hunt for him.”
He carefully made his way past many more defensive pieces, and then his eyes lit upon it. It was at the far end of the room, away from light and prying eyes, that he saw what he had come for. Even though it had remained untouched for many centuries, the blade still gleamed as if it had been forged only yesterday. It appeared as nothing more than a simple sword, left forgotten in an uncategorized pile of weapons that the original Men of Letters had never finished sorting, and Castiel remained grateful for that. He was certain Sam had never known the weapon existed; if he had, the man would have gone after the god long before now. As it stood, there was no time to dwell on any of that now. Time was slipping through their fingers. The longer Mahākāla remained in Dean's body, the less chance the hunter had for survival.
“Actually, it's not.”
“Yes. And you must lock me away for my own safety—and yours.”
Dean's jaw fell open. “What did you say?”
“Dean,” Sam said, slowly raising his hands. “Don't--”
“Because from what I can gather,” Dean went on, undeterred, his voice slightly cold, “you've been having them for a while, and they're only getting worse. Every time they occur, you remember things--things Amox has been trying to keep you in the dark about. But he can't keep you from thinking about it late at night when he's asleep and you're still up. You pace the floor of the library as quietly as you can and try not to wake him, because you know he'll ask what's wrong, and you can't bear the thought of him finding out what's really going on with you.”
“Is he the one who's going to rule Hell, too?”
Amox's eyes widened in fury as he drew in a breath, and he stormed into the kitchen. A moment later, the screen door slammed shut.
Castiel refused to meet his gaze. “In all of your research, have you ever come across the name Dumah?”
Amox rounded in hatred on Dean. “You dare to bring a demon under my roof? A spawn of Hell; a vile, filthy, godless viper with the blood of innocents staining his hands?” he hissed.
“Cas, now!” Castiel stepped close, his heart full of so many things he wanted to say and would never be able to voice. Instead, he laid a desperate kiss upon the man's lips, and whispered, “Forgive me for what I must do.”
“Aid you?” he said calmly. “Your mind is truly small, demon. This meeting was never centered around you, as much as you would like to believe it was so.”
Amox looked stunned. “But how is this possible? Every member lost their Grace but for you. There are no true angels left save yourself.”
Castiel paused at the words, and then lifted his head once more. This time, his gaze was heavy with the weight of purpose. “All of my existence, I have been straining against the tides of Fate. I have done everything in my power to ensure that I controlled what I thought was mine, and now I am left with ashes.” Sam didn't miss the subtle way his body was angled toward the remains of his wings, and knew the phraseology had been very much intentional. He continued. “I will no longer allow my mistakes to cost others their all.”
“I'm sorry,” he said icily, setting the pan down on the stove with a heavy thud and bracing himself against the counter, knuckles of his other hand gone white as he gripped the edge. “Maybe I'm an idiot, but it sounds like you're accusing me of not caring about my own fucking brother.”
The man smiled, but it was one devoid of any mirth. “You do indeed, quite well. We were...business associates, you could say, quite long ago.” Dean's eyes widened slightly at that, those images finally coming into focus.
Aira looked at her, his gaze unyielding. “I have never advocated cowardice, and that is not what we are doing.”
Castiel's jaw was clenched so tight he feared that it might never reopen. “You,” he gritted, “will give us back Dean Winchester.”
“Oh, hush.” Crowley waved him off, then gave a nod to the two demons, who suddenly made themselves scarce as their leader pulled up an old stool and sat on it, gazing at Sam idly.
“Release me.
“I would never advocate abandoning Dean,” Castiel said firmly. “There are spells that can hold him for a time. They are complicated and precise, and one mistake will cause consequences, but for now they are our only option until we find other routes to take.”
Dean smiled again, the careless, chilling one that Crowley was beginning to loathe. “Which man? Are you talking about the one whose soul I ate?”
Something suddenly ran across her foot, and Charlie let out an undignified, high-pitched squeal as she felt a tail and fur.
“What's--” she began, and then a second scream sounded, this one more like a wail. Sam shook his head, and then he remembered what Castiel had told them earlier that day.
"Unfortunately, yes,” Castiel said. “I am certain you remember your Death?”
“Okay, okay,” he breathed. “Easy. We're not even at the fun part yet.”
down there, Sam. Can't we do something? I love Dean just as much as you do, and want him to be cured too, but is it really worth Castiel nearly killing himself over it?”
Sam stared him down. “Maybe,” was all he said, before striding forward and planting a syringe deeply in Dean's neck. Dean's eyes went wide with rage, and then rolled back in his head. Crowley easily caught him as he fell back, and Sam said heavily, “Get him in the rental car. We need to get him back to the bunker's dungeon as soon as possible, before this wears off.”
“Quite effective, actually,” Crowley said smoothly. “Especially if it's drawn on the rocks with black spray paint. Hard to see in the dark, that.”
“Um...Dean's fine, and so is Cas. Apparently Michael didn't want to deal with the pleasures of the flesh, so he let Dean go. Permanently.”
“What has happened?” he asked quietly. Aira's expression was grave.
The woman turned to him, her gaze vulnerable yet steady, and he snapped, “Absolutely not. I swore an oath until my death, and I intend to uphold that promise.” Dean looked from one to the other. “I don't have a freaking clue what you're dropping hints about, but I'm not untrustworthy,” he snapped. “And I'm not a danger to either of you.”
Dean groaned, hands landing squarely on Castiel's ribs in a way that would probably leave bruises later. “Move, Cas,” he urged, and rolled his hips up encouragingly. “Move with me.” Castiel soon fell into a slow, natural rhythm, twisting his hips just so in a way that drove Dean right to the edge and back again. Soon the two were a panting, writhing mess, locked in a tangle of limbs and fighting for dominance.
The chilling voice made the hairs on the back of the demon's neck rise, but he said calmly, “I have far more respect for you than to simply treat you as an errand boy. It was my wish we might come to an agreement.”
In the next instant, the sound of chains being broken was heard, and Crowley was dragging Castiel's body to safety as he threw Sam a very old, very powerful-looking dagger. “Well, what are you waiting for, you bloody idiot?” the demon snapped. “You're free; start fighting!”
For a moment, the man hesitated, and then said, “My true name is Amox, as you've discovered. I was one of Heaven's finest scouts. When Lucifer began his descent into darkness, I quietly tracked his movements and followed him without his knowledge. I soon realized that what he was planning could have repercussions for eternity.”
“I apologize,” he said softly, but Dean waved him inside.
“No,” Sam admitted quietly. “I wasn't.”
Sam stood, looking up the stairs as Charlie hopped down them. She wasn't hurt—not that he could see, anyway—but her eyes told a different story. She'd obviously been scarred by the entire episode, and Sam enveloped her in a warm hug.
Bile filled Sam's throat as he watched the god steal the life of the innocent, beautiful woman he hadn't even had time to get to know, but he knew that trying to stop Mahākāla now would result in a horrid bloodbath. All he could do was wrap an arm around Castiel and steady the man as they watched the terrible spectacle unfold.
“I'm sorry,” she apologized. “I know this is hard, but I really do believe that getting out of your own head would help. You're going to either make yourself sick or make yourself crazy. Or both.”
Dean returned the hug, resting his chin on top of her head. “I promise, my Queen. And Charlie, I really do love you, kid.”
Amox hesitated for only an instant. “Get in the car.”
“Have we told Moose about our secret rendezvous in the heat of the night yet?”
“Naughty, naughty, Moose. I don't remember giving you permission to escort yourself off my premises.”
“That does not decide who you now are.”
“How long has this been going on?” Sam demanded, crossing the room to investigate the wings further. If he'd thought things looked bad before, they were horrendous from a scant few feet apart. The feathers were bedraggled and hanging loose, what Sam could only assume had once been a lustrous indigo shine reduced to a dirty, drab gray, and in some places it appeared there were whole patches missing. He shook his head in disbelief. “Did a couple of your family members corner you?” he asked worriedly, gently touching a bald area near Castiel's right shoulder blade.
“Sam? What happened? Are you--”
“Has your skill as a hunter diminished with the added task of carrying the Mark?” the angel chided. “My head nurse is one of the foul creatures, as well as three of the surgeons and all of the security guards.”
“What the hell are you doing?” Sam sputtered in shock, as he watched the plumed tips curl in on themselves. It may have been only his imagination, but he was certain he saw Castiel stumble slightly before replying, “You have asked me to be honest with you.”
“I struck her,” he said desperately. “I have loved her since before time began, and I struck her. All that she did was to keep me from harm. I see that now, but it is too late.”
“Did you know this demon?” he asked, and Charlie made a sound that was very much like a snort.
Sam sighed. “What do we have to do to prepare, Cas?”
Dean shook his head. “Sorry, Amox. I won't be joining you on this hunt.” Both Magdalena and the former angel looked shocked. “What do you mean?” Amox demanded. “I was under the impression you had come here to assist us. Have you lied?” he said through clenched teeth.
“NO!” Amox screamed, in the same instance as the god hissed, “You offer yourself as a sacrifice. I accept,” and reached for her.
Sam suddenly reappeared as quickly as he'd left. His face was very red, and Mary rose halfway.
The Black Dragon was hidden in the middle of what seemed like an unassuming area of Lebanon. It had been built in the early 2000s, and while it at first appeared to cater to the younger generation of Goths and darker music lovers, it soon became a haven for the tough crowd—bikers, gangs, etc., and most of the reasonable people in the area stayed away from it. When asked why, they'd usually come up with some sort of comment about how the place was an eyesore, or the raucous crowds and thumping bass beats were disturbing their sleep. The truth was, the bar/club—referred to simply as “the Dragon” by its patrons—was heavily insulated to prevent noise spillover, and any unsavory activity took place inside the building. What the locals were afraid of, then, was something they couldn't see.
There was no malice in Castiel's words, but they made Sam feel about ten inches tall.
“Well, what do you know,” he drawled. “The master gives way to the pupil.”
“Camael.”
“No, no, Moose, it's so much bigger than that, don't you see?” Crowley said agitatedly, as the building trembled under them once again. Sam cast an anxious glance around as dust fell from the ceiling. “Lucifer didn't pass on the Mark because of a deal made with Cain, he passed it on out of fear. He was afraid for his life.”
Camael's heart stuttered in her chest, and she stared numbly at the girl as memories assaulted her.
Jack began to laugh hysterically, and Mary crossed her arms as she stared at Sam, who asked, “How did you know that they’re--”
“Really?” Sam challenged. “Then what was that show in the church about a few months ago? You all but begged for forgiveness from your sins, Crowley. I've seen the real you, and I know there's nothing inside your soul that would be able to make you kill Castiel.”
Furious, Abbadon stalked forward, spluttering, “I will rip the both of you to shreds with my bare hands! As for you, Asmodeus, I'm going to make you regret we ever met, you self-absorbed, lying son of a--”
“Sam.” Castiel's tone paused the man's frantic movements in a second. “There is no written lore on this particular ritual.”
“I can't believe that you took that kind of a risk. Trying to get Michael to leave by attempting to fuck me?”
Adrenaline born of rage and sorrow flared in Sam's veins, and he flung the water into the demon's eyes. He screeched, clawing at his face, which gave Sam time to launch himself from the chair and bury Ruby's knife to the hilt in his gut, barely pausing to witness his death before slaying the other demon as well. From upstairs, Sam could hear Crowley's shouts and orders, and the telltale sound of running feet. As much as he wanted more information, he knew he had to find a way out or be killed.
Gazing at the man in the breaking rays of the dawn, Crowley didn't doubt it. And for the first time, the demon wondered if perhaps he had overplayed his own hand. But his only reply was, “Quite.”
“CHARLIE!”
Roughly, he let the demon go, and he backed up with a snarl, eyes still wide with fear. “This isn't over,” he promised, and strode back down the hall. Dean watched him go, a sizzling fire in his veins that yearned to go after him and smite every creature that dared get in his way; dared to take the thrill of the kill away from him. It was better than sex; the force of it thrummed through his veins and made him shake.
“Hi, nerds.” Charlie's voice was slightly less chipper than usual, but as far as Sam could tell, she sounded fine. “Having fun? I know I am.”
The demon howled in pain, releasing her instantly and stumbling back. Charlie grabbed Sam by the hand, yanking him backwards.
Castiel smiled wistfully. “I have known for years.”
“Charlie, run!” Sam yelled, and she darted for the exit.
As they stepped outside, Aira instantly noticed six burly men standing near the diesel pumps, crowding near their tankers, fueling up many feet from the diner. The hair on the back of his neck rose, and although he knew at once they were upper-level demons, he resisted the urge to draw his angel blade. Now was not the time for such confrontations, not when mortal lives hung in the balance. Amox, however, was apparently of no such mind. He glared at the demons openly as they passed, and Aira gripped his arm. “Not here,” he said firmly. “There are innocents.”
Castiel locked and barred the door behind himself, resting his head against it for just a moment. He was not unfamiliar with what he was about to do.
Though it was nothing more than a faint whisper, Castiel felt Dean reply in his mind.
Cautiously, Sam advanced, mindful of the knife. In Dean's current state, he couldn't be sure what, exactly, his brother would choose to do with it. “Dean, are you still looking for Abbadon? I left you here seven hours ago to go to bed and you were doing the same thing.”
There was silence, as if the voice was considering the words, and then it spoke again. “You're a hunter, obviously.”
,” he whispered, and swiftly rose, walking down the winding drive into the surrounding woods before Magdalena could form a reply.
“Charlie?”
Sam yelled out a warning seconds before Castiel's blood began to boil, the agony driving him to his knees, his grip on the sword forgotten as he clung to the earth. A strangled, animalistic cry was heard, and dimly, it registered that it was his own. Mahākāla watched him clinically, no emotion visible upon his face, and Castiel held his gaze.
Aira's head whipped up, and his eyes were full of fear. “Please,” he begged hoarsely. “Say no more.” But it was too late. The woman's gaze had become fixed on Dean. “What did you say?” she asked, very quietly. Dean peered at her, his gaze searching. “I'm looking for someone named Magdalena Herrera. Or at least, that was her name at birth. Do you know her?” “I am she,” was the timid answer.
Castiel looked away. “Yes, Dean. My brothers and sisters knew the risks, but they fought for me to reach the bowels of Hell where you were being kept. They died protecting us both.”
Abbadon shut the oak doors behind herself, locking them with a flick of her hand before approaching him. “I only told her the truth, lover. It would make more sense—and be much better for business—if you actually employed girls that didn't resemble the creatures their meat-suits are housing.”
“You seek me to do your bidding as a dog would obey its master? My knowledge of your kind is slim, but it would seem the rumors of your foolishness hold true.”
The area by the creek would have been impossible to see around had Sam not been a hunter. It was lit only by a crescent moon, which kept playing peek-a-boo with the clouds above. Not a sound could be heard except for Sam's quiet footsteps, and that alone gave the man reason to believe he was headed into an ambush. Nevertheless, he kept going, unwilling to give up on the chase now.
Haughtily, Amphras stalked back down the hall, and a few moments later there was the sense of another presence. The male looked up, and a calculating smile spread across his face as he rose slowly.
"Why don't you go fuck yourself?” Sam returned coolly.
Dean's response was one Castiel had been expecting, but the tug of desperation and affection on the bond was not.
“Stop, my brother.”
Charlie's whimper was awful to hear, and Sam took an enormous risk. In one swift movement, he'd kicked out and caught his brother in the shin. It apparently didn't hurt, but was enough to startle Dean, who growled in irritation and turned away from the redhead, dropping the blade from Sam's throat.
Aira narrowed his eyes. “Would you rather the consequences be Magdalena's capture, torture, and death? You know the methods of the Knight of Hell—as well as you knew how to break those under your care.” The words hit Dean like a ton of bricks, and he reeled back physically, but Aira stepped close to meet him, his eyes aflame.
“Castiel?” he called out, still disoriented from the flight. “Where are you?”
Castiel met his gaze with hooded eyes, and heat curled in Dean's belly as he positioned himself. “You are mine, Dean Winchester,” he growled, and sank down in one smooth movement onto Dean's cock.
“No, it is not,” Castiel said in frustration. “You're not a demon anymore. You have been saved, and damn it, Dean, I will continue to save you every time until my last breath of existence, do you understand?”
“You're a fucking idiot, you know that?” To Castiel's surprise, Dean's eyes were wet. “I'm not worth shit.”
“Then I pity you,” Castiel managed. “Transformation is a part of life—and yours will be saved.”
on his ass?”
He knew Magdalena had ventured onto the porch after Dean hours ago, and there was no doubt in his mind that the man had already told her the truth Amox had been so desperately trying to protect her from. Well, there was nothing to be done for it. She was aware, and now all that mattered was keeping her alive. The soft snick of the screen door made itself known, and Amox drew in a ragged breath, forcing himself to rise on slightly unsteady legs and approach the kitchen. He could hear voices from inside, and within it, he saw Magdalena and Dean softly talking. Upon his approach, they stopped.
For a moment, the two remained silent, and then Amox spoke gently. “If it were not for you, Magdalena, I would have perished that day amidst the loam and twigs of the earth. You were led to find me; of that I have no doubt. Since that time I have provided for you, sheltered you, and kept you safe as though you were my earthly child.” He paused, throat slightly tight. “I did not expect to begin to love you as my own, but I suppose that one can't choose the course of their life.”
This time, he used a hunter's sight, and suddenly, his eyes widened as he saw the true extent of the damage Castiel had meant to reveal. “Cas, you're—Jesus, you're freaking
me stay?”
In answer, Castiel cupped Dean's chin with a gentle hand, murmuring, “
The god seemed to chuckle. “And you believe that you will bring this to pass?” In an instant, his demeanor changed, eyes flicking to red.
Both angel and man spun at the new voice. Blocking the entrance to the library were four hulking demons, their coal-black eyes gleaming with the promise of pain. But Sam's attention was focused on a shorter demon who had broken ranks with them, his casual gaze and posture betraying the very real threat underneath.
“So what was its purpose? And I still don't see what this has to do with the god we're trying to bring down,” Sam argued.
Crowley appeared insulted. “You doubt me? Would I be up to devious things like this if I didn't know what I was doing?”
The jab stung like it was meant to, and Sam blurted without thinking, “You're an idiot. Did you really think that deciding to let the Mark take over meant Castiel and I weren't going to find you? Sooner or later you're going to regret what you've done.”
Castiel's gaze was piercing. “Do you want him to be?”
“What do you want?” Sam spat. “How did you get in here? The wards-”
“Save me the doomsday speech,” Dean spat. “Why'd you bring me here? Why are the demons really after you? There's got to be another reason besides the fact that you're a walking nuclear plant.”
“Make a choice, Dean—your brother, or her. I am well aware of the bond you share with Sam. He is your weakness as you are his, but Magdalena is not a simple pawn on a chessboard. She is a harbinger of something that even I have yet to understand, with all my knowledge. She will make or break us all, and we cannot risk losing her because of your unwillingness to look beyond what you can see with your physical eyes. I will not ask you twice.”
“Listen, pal, you don't get to accuse me of being cold and careless. I don't see you running to your family and attempting to give them a solution to their brokenness. What kind of an angel doesn't give a fuck about what happens to the rest of his brothers and sisters while the world goes to shit--while they're human and can die in as many ways as you can think of in twenty seconds? And as for stubborn, don't even get me started. I know it when I see it, and you're the most stubborn motherfucker of them all.”
With a deep, steadying breath, Castiel began to fold his wings back into the invisible world. It was the only way they would heal (
Sam glanced at Castiel, watching as the angel's jaw tightened.
The demon's lips curled up. “Cain's Mark?” he growled. “You wear the killing stamp? All the more reason to rid ourselves of you.” He stepped forward.
Dean skillfully flipped the knife in his hand as the djinn turned to him, and Castiel suddenly had a terrible feeling. Before he could cry out a warning, the djinn had pinned Dean to the wall, the knife knocked from his grip, where it skittered useless across the ground. The man kicked out, but the djinn only smiled, showing his teeth.
Aira stepped into the room, his gaze intense. “Then do not allow your anger to overshadow your ability to harness your gifts.”
“He is no longer a man.” Amox's reply was fierce. “He is a god whose only intent is murder and chaos, and I do not plan on allowing him to live.”
“I can't. He can.”
“That's not my idea of a good time.”
“I wish that was true, or that I believed it, Sam, but what just happened proved she hates my guts. And she has every right to. I tried to kill her.”
“Long ago,” Castiel began, “the Hindu gods came to Brahma and voiced their dislike over the evil deeds and rulings of the Devas, their demons. Brahma gathered together different sacrificial objects and began to perform one, with his sages and Devas, on the side of the Himalayan mountains. In the midst of this sacrifice, a creature was born, one dreadful to describe—one that caused many natural disasters. Brahma called it Asi.”
“Brother...” he warned.
For long moments there was only silence, and then Magdalena asked softly, “Father, suppose one was tasked with doing the impossible...with a destiny so large it threatened to claim them. What if they found themselves unable to accomplish it?”
“He was my brother once, Castiel.” Sam's voice cracked. “I know he's gone, but even if I can hold him for those last few seconds before he dies and tell him it's going to be okay...please, just let me do this. Please.”
The ringing of Sam's cell phone interrupted whatever Castiel had been about to say, and the other man snatched it up, pressing it to his ear.
Dean's eyes narrowed in suspicion, and something very close to nervousness as they roved over the new arrival, who wore black slacks and a gray dress shirt complemented by a black blazer.
Castiel sighed and began to smooth them out, using a small amount of grace to clean them until they shone, the iridescence almost blinding. Deep inside, he wished that Dean was grooming him...but he could not allow his mind to travel there. More important things were at hand, and if he could not focus now, he would not be able to when the pain came...for pain there would be.
“I was a Knight of Hell, Cas. I took people prisoner and liked it. I made sure they never made a sound again after that. I—I
“I've come with a certain proposition.”
“Do you trust me?”
“Right. Okay, then, have at it, I guess. I'll just be sitting at a booth.”
“And I was under the impression that my brother Lucifer had issues with how our father raised us.”
“Just friggin’ great,” he muttered irritably. “Damn genie isn't anywhere to be found.”
Something in the way he was so contrite made Charlie's insides twist, and she wiped her eyes, sniffling.
Aira's expression was grim. “Dean, Abbadon is also searching for the girl.”
“And why, pray tell, should I not grind you into dust instead?”
The other hell spawn, who was inhabiting a young brunette in her thirties, visibly trembled. “I'm sorry, sir. We've all looked high and low. He seems to have...disappeared after our altercation earlier.”
Sam glared up at Crowley from where he remained with Castiel on the floor. “I don't remember asking,” he said icily.
Yet...
“Sam, why don't you go mingle?” Charlie said quickly, and waved her hand haphazardly in his direction. “Like somewhere over...there.”
To Sam's shock, she pulled what looked like a very old, very powerful knife from her pocket and drove it into Dean's right bicep to the hilt.
The girl's eyes were bright with knowledge, Camael noticed. She was calm when she answered, as well, and for reasons unknown, her answer made Camael shift uneasily. “Magdalena. You, I know, have many names. What would you prefer I call you?”
“No fucking way,” he spat, but Castiel lifted his chin.
Castiel's face flushed hot. He had known for a long time that Dean desired him, but to have it laid out so plainly by their greatest enemy, and so crudely? It was...
Once he was unhindered by material, Castiel let his wings expand onto the temporal plane. They felt heavy, and he craned his neck, staring at them sorrowfully. The feathers were matted and broken in places, and soiled with dust, dirt, and grime. Some were near to falling out.
Sam twisted this way and that in his chair down in Crowley's basement for what seemed to be the hundredth time, very aware of the male and female demons guarding him watching his struggle in clear amusement. He clenched his teeth as the ropes restraining him still refused to give, choosing instead to talk.
Castiel sighed. “Dean, it's almost dawn. This discussion can wait until later in the morning. We need sleep.”
..with the hand of a man, the wicked shall bleed, and by the soul of a man, the innocent shall live. ' ”
Sam couldn't bear to know what weapon would be employed to murder his brother.
Aira sighed softly, knowing the conversation was over. “As soon as you feel you are ready.” “I'm fine,” Dean barked, and scooped the Impala's keys off the coffee table. “Let's go.”
Her eyes became as large as plates when she saw the other man, and her swallow was audible. It was clear to Sam that she was terrified—and he wasn't feeling much better.
“As you wish,” Aira said at last, his gaze never wavering. “But know that this was not the time.”
“It matters little,” she responded. “You have been a guide along the path I am on, and for that, I am grateful.”
This will be a work in progress, and I promise to post as many chapters a day/a week as I can (I have a very busy schedule!). As the chapters keep going up, I will notify for incoming smut when it occurs. Lol. Thanks in advance for sticking with me through all of this! Love you all! <3
Aira sat on the couch, leaning forward with his elbows on his knees, his gaze somewhere farther away than the cabin. “There are many factors in play. All of them will be revealed to you in time.”
“Was it someone you trusted? Did they break that trust?”
“The poor kid.” Dean sighed. “I'll be in the library, Sam. I can't eat.”
“You want to tell me why an angel is suddenly seeing patients at an ER?” The soft question was laced with ice. "From what I've experienced of you pricks, it doesn't sound like simple charity to me. Your deeds are always laced with a price.”
She snuggled against him for a moment, then pulled away with what Sam knew to be a forced grin.
“Sir.”
“Need a ride, sweetheart?”
Moments passed, during which Crowley never moved. Sam held his breath. At last, the demon met Sam's eyes. They were black as night, but as Sam watched, they slid back to a dark brown (which Sam could only assume had been Gavin's eye color as well). He rose and walked over to where the Winchester was chained, gazing down at him impassively. “You're a smart boy, Moose. I have to applaud you for that, at least...before you die.”
Amox looked incredulous. “ 'When he saw fit'? He shared information with you that has caused far-reaching implications!”
“The girl is pure light.” The voice was Aira's, and it carried strong and clear. “Darkness and light cannot co-exist.”
Dean took this in for a moment. “When did you figure out what Amox is—or was?”
Lowering his voice further as a doctor passed them, Dean replied, “Silver knife dipped in lamb's blood, Sam. Same method of sayonara for them all, regardless of age or strength.”
“Don't play with me,” Sam snapped “He loved you, and I know you loved him too. You were just too damn stupid to admit it.”
“You did not seek me out, either,” she said, a sudden hint of bitterness in her tone, and Amox stiffened as she went on. “What was I to think of the promises you made me? I waited for you!” Her voice was a sudden shriek, her eyes wild with fury. “I loved you as no other has ever done! How could you betray me by falling for the promises of Lucifer? You slaughtered your own kind in cold blood for him, Amox, and now you are no better than the demons he pulled with him into the Abyss!”
“So you're getting migraines, then?” This sounded like Sammy's visions all over again, only to a deeper, much more threatening degree. She nodded. “I suppose you could call it that, yes.”
“Well, forgive me if I'm not willing to wait that long,” Dean snapped, and Aira looked up, meeting his gaze. “The demon Crowley gave you my name. Your intention was to kill me when you arrived at the hospital, believing I was on the wrong side of the battle, yet I have shown you nothing to prove such a fact. Have you not considered that perhaps you are seeking after one who is innocent?”
Dean threw back the rest of his whiskey and made to rise. “I've got to get back to Sam and tell him all this. We can't waste any time.”
The other creature stopped, his shoulders lowered, and then spoke—just three words, but they filled Sam and Charlie with fear.
“Do it, Cas,” Dean choked out. “End me—end him. Please, God—I can't keep him away forever.” His knees buckled, and he gasped, “Castiel. Use the Asi. I'm not asking, man. I'm begging. Whatever Magdalena did--” he threw his head back, breath hissing between his teeth. “It has to be now, Cas,” he panted. “Now, or never.”
Asmodeus couldn't help but be secretly pleased with the way things had turned out—even if it meant that his own being could very well be in danger of extinction now that Mahākāla was running the show—yet he harbored an idea that if he could manage to get into the god's good graces, things would be very different for everyone involved. And of course, it would be a wonderful way to return fire at the treasonous adder Crowley, he thought with a snarl. He knew quite well that the demon had joined forces with Sam Winchester and Castiel, whom Asmodeus was well aware happened to be very
The word was barely audible; nevertheless, Aira looked in the rear-view mirror quickly to make certain she had not heard. “Yes,” he murmured. “But you must not tell her.”
A little hurt, Sam retreated into the kitchen, but instead of starting up the pot of joe as he'd planned, he stood there staring at the percolator, severely concerned. The hunt for the Knight of Hell was slowly consuming his brother, and Sam could only hope that in the end, it didn't swallow him whole.
“Castiel won't be causing any problems tonight. Let's just say he flew back to his nest.”
Sam turned away, but not before he watched Crowley take a seat at the table in front of Dean, who smiled again. “Welcome home,” his brother said to the demon, before the door closed in the younger Winchester's face.
“What do these endeavors entail?” Dean challenged, and Asmodeus said simply, “Firstly, I have need of a certain angel by the name of Castiel to be put to death. And secondly, I want the traitorous wench in this room dead.”
“Sam--”
Dean hesitantly reached out and touched Castiel's cheek. “I've screwed up a lot. I don't know how long it's going to take to fix all of this.”
Something shifted in her entire demeanor at his words, and she peered at him. “I have a motel. I am headed there now.”
“I believe it would be better suited to all of us if that nasty weapon wasn't in the way of negotiations, don't you?”
Dean frowned. “What's the Sight? And if her memory is wiped, what's the problem? Shouldn't she be fine now?”
Aira returned her gaze. “There are things which even the best of men wish they can undo, child. Amox is no exception. But if he cannot overcome his past, he will lose the future.”
Seeing Castiel break was more than enough to destroy Dean's self-control, and he came with an unrestrained roar, losing himself in the moment. When he caught his breath, Castiel was sprawled comfortably on his chest, hands pillowed under his chin, gazing at him with calm blue eyes that reminded Dean of the sky on a summer day.
Remember, I will still be here, as long as you hold me in your memory/Remember, I'll never leave you, if you will only remember me...
Footsteps moving nearby instantly roused Dean from a troubled sleep, and he silently slid a hand under his pillow to touch the hilt of his angel's blade, curling his fingers around it in wait for the intruder to show himself. As they came closer, Dean carefully slipped off the couch and curled into a crouch, ready to leap.
“Got a problem, dude?” he snapped, running low on patience, and unnerved by the look in Aira's eyes. It was the same one Castiel used to get when he was sizing up potential threats. “Never seen a full-service station before?”
Sam was frantic. He hadn't heard from Charlie since he'd gotten back to the bunker three nights ago, and Castiel's attempts to calm him weren't helping.
“Come on,” Dean encouraged, leaning up to lick a long stripe up Castiel's neck.
The sound the angel made as Abbadon ruthlessly twisted the blade, then pulled it free, was one Dean would never forget for the rest of his life. She smiled cruelly, wiping it on Aira's own jeans before stashing it back in her jacket. “So long for now, lover. Of course, by the time we meet again, you'll be worshiping the ground I walk on.”
“Careful, brother. You've suffered quite a concussion. It's not in your best interest to attempt to sit up.”
lips in a fierce, passionate kiss.
“An idea, yes. A clear direction, no.”
Magdalena considered his words. She knew them to be truth, and rose. “Thank you, Father. You have cleared my mind and eased my spirit.” The man of God only smiled. “Do no thank me, child. You were aware of this all the while. I did nothing but bring it to the surface.”
Amox had been beautiful, she remembered with a mixture of bitterness and sorrow. His wings were the color of the sands of the Sahara, and his eyes as silver as the moon. He was a Seraph; a warrior; one that was determined to protect her at any cost. He had fought for her with abandon and she had given herself to him in every way. And then came the day he had betrayed her for a stone. A stone, power, and the King of the Fallen Ones.
Sam leapt into action as she screamed and struggled in its grip, tackling the djinn from behind. Surprisingly, the djinn released the girl (who chose to flee without her car) and lashed out at Sam, sending him tumbling across the pavement in a concussed daze.
Aira's gaze met Dean's again, and the scorching heat of it burned the hunter's soul to a crisp. “It does not matter. What does is that sooner or later you will succumb to Cain's symbol.”
“He no longer exists,” Aira said softly, and all eyes locked onto him. “The Mark has run its full course.”
Dean looked up from his perch on the desk as Asmodeus stalked into his library. Observing the highly disgruntled demon, he smirked. “Oh, that foul temper can't be good for the ladies. Crowley get the better of you and turn good? I would have expected you to kick his whiny little ass any day at treachery. I guess he does have a soul after all.” Asmodeus turned into the light, clearly revealing that his eyes were a bright amaranthine, brimming with hatred.
The father of the fifteen year old he had just treated shook his hand. “Thank you so much.”
“Well, aren't you the suicidal little hero.”
“Good morning.”
“What if we can't save him?” he whispered. “I don't want to kill my own brother. I won't be able to go through with it.”
-hello?”
Anger welled in Amox's chest. “You stepped into the road without so much as a cursory glance! If anyone is at fault, it is you!”
Amox remained on his knees beside the couch, breathing heavy and labored, trembling with exertion. Sweat gleamed in the hollow of his throat; pooling in the dip of his spine. Aira would live, but the toll it had taken on his savior was great. Such was the price he was forever forced to pay for his choice.
Abbadon watched as Amodeus' eyes went from playfully bored to highly interested in a manner of seconds. “Does this angel have a name, pray tell?”
Immediately she stepped around to face him and took his jaw in hand, forcing his chin up in order that she might look him directly in the eyes.
Sam swallowed a large lump in his throat.
“This isn't over.”
Dean set the now-empty bottle on the railing and leaned back, crossing his arms lightly. “There's more to all of this crap, but I don't know if you're going to want to hear it.”
“You have become a mortal, brother. And mortality is a difficult road.”
far gone yet to know that the angel had been a friend, a family member, an almost-lover—but the more he killed to silence the Mark, the more those memories faded. And that was just the way he wanted it.
“It's a good night for reunions, isn't it?”
At the words, a slight tingle traveled down Dean’s left arm, and he knew that were he to look, he would find the angel’s print as clear as day. He swallowed as Castiel kept going.
“Leave this place.”
Crowley glared at the door, and Sam spun in his chair. Seeing no one, he turned around again to stare at the demon, his expression flabbergasted.
Dean's jaw twitched as he watched her retreat back upstairs. He knew he had deserved the harsh treatment, but to have it come from her was painful. Turning back to the counter, he continued to cut up the vegetables, tossing them into the egg-and-cheese mixture in the pan on the stove. He didn't hear Sam enter until his brother said gently, “Charlie will come around.”
Dean was faltering, and Castiel caught the man's length in a firm hand, keeping his balance even as Michael yelped against his mouth, struggling harder.
Dean's voice was a snarl, and Crowley gazed at him in consternation. “Oh, nothing at all. I'm just curious as to how much longer you're going to hold your pity party for one, considering it was you who wanted to leave the headstrong little miss behind.”
Crowley's lips curved up in a decidedly unnerving smile. “Oh, but you can't do much, can you, Moose?” The demon looked down at Castiel, who was quite obviously suffering in Sam's arms, and said calmly, “Take them, boys.”
Michael sighed melodramatically. “While I have enjoyed this little game, it's far past time it ended.” His tone changed abruptly, becoming dark and deadly.
Castiel's words hit Sam squarely in the chest, even spoken as quietly as they were. “Death was not merciful, Sam. I above any other am well aware of this. But Dumah...he puts him to shame. He comes solely to punish the souls of sinners, and punish them harshly. Your agony is his manna.”
“This isn't over,” Dean whispered dangerously. Sam suddenly felt the air around him ripple and shift, and when he steadied himself again, Dean was gone.
“You're not going alone, Cas,” Sam said hoarsely. “Wherever he is, wherever you have to go to find him, I'm coming.”
“This is his war with the god. To intervene now would bring death on us all.” Magdalena's eyes flashed."
The Winchesters exchanged a glance, and as they did, the girl said tremulously, “There’s more.” She swallowed hard, tears beginning to form in her eyes.
He paused, looking at the doorway, his expression sad.
“Do not involve your brother in this.”
“What is righteousness, fallen child of the skies?”
“No,” she insisted, “he'll be here any second.”
The lights in the bunker flickered visibly, but while Mary glanced up, suddenly seeming unsure, Sam and Castiel stood fast.
Sam opened his mouth to refuse again, but stopped as he looked into the former angel's eyes—really looked. There was an unmistakable depth of stubbornness there that he knew he would never be able to get past, but more than that, he saw for the first time the bitter desperation of someone who had been forced to watch the person they loved fall into darkness—because, Sam realized, with a sudden startling clarity he wondered how he could have ever missed, Castiel did not simply love his brother, but was
Magdalena slipped to the ground as soon as Mahākāla touched her, her body still and pale as the god slowly stole her life. Camael rushed forward, only to be caught around the waist by Aira and pulled back. “What are you doing?” she shrieked. “He's killing her!” “Wait,” Aira commanded. “Wait, and have faith.”
“Sorry about that...where were we?”
Even his voice held an unforgiving edge, sending a pleasant shiver down Crowley's spine that he did his best to hide from Dean. Crowley turned away to stare out the window, smiling to himself. Yes, everything was going quite according to plan, it seemed. “Well, then, it appears there's only the finding left to do.”
Walking over to where they all stood, he pulled over a nearby ottoman and sat on it, staring down at Aira as he continued to speak. “Lucifer was searching for a precious stone. His intent was to have his blacksmiths melt it down and fashion it into a pendant, one that when worn would bring incalculable power to the creature upon whose skin it lay upon. I relayed this information back to my superiors, and they formed a trap for Lucifer, which he fell into. After his banishment to the Abyss, we thought his devious plans had ended.”
Dean let go of Castiel, his hands flying to his own throat as his eyes flicked to black.
“We would be better suited to having the waitress box the food for us.”
“I don't think so. You're ours,” Sam said tightly, “so you might as well face it.”
Dean's faint smile was grim as he stared into the distance, unable to really look at her as he spoke the words that could (and probably would) destroy her life.
To his credit, Marcus didn't react. His ink-black eyes were calm and collected as he stared up at his boss. “His brother is going to try and stop him, you know. It seems like taking him out would give Dean a free pass to concentrate on Priority One—killing her.”
“Sam, Charlie is a very bright, perceptive soul. She always has been. Creatures from other worlds pick up on things such as that.”
“Then why was it the phraseology said 'him'? Most creatures are aware of the existence of a new Knight, and most are afraid.” Castiel's quiet voice could be heard from the library entrance. Sam hadn't even noticed him there. “I know you don't want to face this, Charlie, but you alone must save Dean from what he now is.”
“Just because I had a bad experience with a djinn once doesn’t mean I’m going to fuck this case up,” he said sharply. “I know better than to lose my head.”
“Shut the fuck up,” Dean snarled, and rounded on Crowley outside the bar down the road from the bunker with such a ferocity that the demon backed away with a hiss of surprise, his hands in the air.
“Yes.”
me? I'm not who I was, Sam, and I'm not going back. Ever.”
“What do you mean, 'gone'?” she replied softly, dreading the answer.
Castiel's gaze met his. “Mine.”
Castiel had heard the commotion, and though it took every ounce of willpower he had to do so without screaming, he drew his wings back into the invisible world, forcing himself to get upstairs as quickly as possible. He was just rounding a corner when Charlie and Sam barrled around it, stopping short when they saw him.
Castiel stopped as the woods suddenly emerged onto a clearing, the moon streaming down and bathing two figures in an ethereal glow. One appeared to be another man, and the other... Castiel's grip tightened on the sword, his eyes closing for a moment as he fought down a wave of grief.
Sam slashed through one demon after another, his fury at losing Dean and the panic over Castiel's near-death state lending him a strength and speed he had never known. When it was over, he scanned the immediate area for Crowley, and upon not finding him, yelled, “Where the hell are you?”
The barest shudder ran through the angel's body, causing the feathers to rustle with a sound like flesh against silk. “I am aware.”
Asmodeus completed the ancient, complicated ritual and set the incense aside, waiting patiently. If all went according to plan, the Hindu deity should appear at any moment.
Tears were sliding down Magdalena's tanned cheeks, and she said in a quivering voice, “He does not know about the Sight—or at least, that I know of.”
“That is understandable,” the angel replied in a soft voice, and then shifted his gaze to Dean. “I am sure that he will, too.”
“I still think having him as backup is a good idea,” Sam said firmly, and then sighed. “And making sure the Mark doesn't take control of you is always a first-rate plan.”
“She is not lost to you,” Aira said, but Amox shook his head.
The security guard smiled as they reached it and stepped inside, not kindly, and his eyes flicked to coal. “Not alone, but with you, Aira? Now there's a risk none of us are taking.”
The sound of a gasp filled the room, and Sam turned quickly.
Crowley stood above him in the gravel drive, eyes coal-black, his expression furious. “Get up,” he hissed. “And don't waste any time. You may have killed the bastard.”
He smiled at her. “I'll wait with you then. It's getting late.”
“Amox.” Aira's voice was sharp. “She does not know you. I m not even certain she is aware she has Fallen. If you were to suddenly spring the news on her, there is a high chance she would break mentally. Is that what you want?”
“Can I kiss you?”
“Is this what you want?” he roared. “Do you want to die trying to
Dean was silent for a while. So Amox did have the necklace and was responsible for what had happened with it, in a way. The pledge of protection was a nice touch, the man thought drily—as long as Amox didn't tell her exactly why he had to do the protecting and what, exactly, he was protecting her from. “Anything that would trouble her” covered just about everything, Dean snorted to himself.
Amox let him go and turned. His tone was desperately angry as he spoke, and for just a moment, Aira was reminded of an angel with thunderous voice and brilliant plumage who had seen to the decimation of hundreds millennia earlier.
Dean started to tremble. “What is this?” he whispered back. “What’s going on?”
Carefully, he made his way over, realizing he must have been knocked out when Mahākāla left the building, and tears filled his eyes. Castiel held Dean's body half in his lap, and was gently stroking the side of his face. Beside him was another man, and when Sam gazed at him questioningly, he said softly, “I am Aira. Magdalena was the one who enabled the god to be forced from your brother's body.” Sam swallowed hard. “I'm grateful she did what could. I just wish...” He stopped; started again. “Dean wanted this, and in the end I guess that's what matters.” Footsteps near him made Sam turn, and Amox stood there. His expression was gentle.
“I did,” Castiel said, sounding tired in a way that Sam felt to the core of his soul and beyond. How much did he really know about what went on with Cas and his brothers and sisters, anyway? Did he really want to know? How much was the angel withholding from them to keep them safe? To keep himself safe?
The whisper made Sam freeze, and he slowly turned. Behind him in the kitchen doorway, nearly in his face, stood none other than Dean, a sly smile on his face as he flipped the First Blade from hand to hand. His brother's eyes were an inky black, and he put a finger to his lips. Sam didn't dare disobey, if only for Charlie's sake.
She bowed her head. “Yes,” she whispered. “I can no longer control what I see, or when the visions occur. Amox has said I often stir him in the middle of the night with my cries, and when he comes to my aid I beg him to alleviate the pounding in my skull. I do not remember these times.”
Dean's heart nearly stopped. He knew how badly Abbadon had played with him—what might she do if she were to find this prophetic woman before they did? He gripped his car keys until his fingers began to go numb.
Crowley's eyes were now like steel. “What do you say to paying it forward, Moose?”
“You just don't quit, do you, Feathers?” Dean ground out, as Castiel struggled. “I told you, I'm happy with what I am—and I really,
“It seems you were not the only one.”
“Yes, sir,” she squeaked, and scurried off, leaving him nearly alone except for the four burly male demons that quietly lurked beside him in the dark.
are you talking about, Crowley?!?” Sam snapped, losing patience and trying to comprehend what this all meant.
Castiel had remained very still while the conversation had been taking place, and once Charlie and Sam hung up, he asked, “Why has the ghost chosen Charlie?”
Dean peered at him. “That so?” he said carefully. “You want to explain what you mean?”
Sam's gaze was fierce. “Watch me, Castiel. I'm going to find a way if it's the last thing I do.”
“So are you,” Crowley said evenly. “What happened to the man I knew?”
Sam looked up at Castiel, surprised. The angel wasn't usually prone to expressing his emotions, but Sam knew that deep down, Castiel liked the redhead.
He glanced at the front desk, and Dean's heart sank as he realized what he was getting at. “There are demons working here, aren't there?”
After a tense moment, Amox reached inside his shirt and pulled out a long, slender black cord. Attached to it was a vibrant green teardrop stone, and Dean stared in disbelief, very aware that his mouth was hanging open like he was a fish out of water.
“Are you going to be okay?” he murmured into her bright colored hair.
His voice was closer now, and tears filled Charlie's eyes. Sam whispered fiercely to her, “It's going to be okay, Charlie.”
Crowley smiled nastily. “Desperate times, desperate measures, my boy. Now if you'll excuse me, I have other matters to attend to.” He vanished in the blink of an eye, leaving Sam reeling.
Aira smiled painfully, and this time when he spoke, his voice was a whisper. “I will manage. But if I do not make it, Dean—sometimes death is only the beginning of a greater good.” Dean wasn't so sure about that, but he didn't say so, instead gathering the bloodied angel into his arms and heading back toward the car.
“Then what is your plan?” she snapped. “All I see is death.”
Castiel's eyes fluttered open in the darkened room, his senses feeling deprived. There was nothing to explain the abject feeling of loss surrounding him like a thick cloud—at least not physically—and he forced himself to rise to his feet, ignoring the way his body fought him.
“Great,” Dean muttered, tightening his grip on the angel blade under his jacket as he peered out into the hallway, where he could see four of the aforementioned guards milling about. “Well, let's do this.”
“Well, aren't you two a pair of smart little foxes,” he called out through the door. “What cocktail did you use, Crowley? Same one we fed to you? Let me tell you, it's pretty damn effective. Must have felt great.” Dean twisted his head this way and that, hearing a satisfying pop. “Of course, you can't keep me in here until I rot. I've got some friends that know I'm here, and they're very interested to meet you.” His eyes flicked to coal. “So tell me, Sam,” Dean said, voice gone deathly low, “how much longer are we going to play brother against brother?”
When they eventually reached Cheyenne, the rain was coming down so quickly and hard that Aira could barely see except for the beam of the headlights on the road before them. The streets were practically empty, and Amox didn't blame the residents for staying inside. Who in their right mind would be out in weather like this?
Dean opened his mouth, about to ask exactly what “place” the other creature had in mind, but in the side mirror he suddenly caught sight of three security guards hustling through the hallway after them. Whether by a trick of the Mark, or because of his time spent in Hell, he witnessed their true faces, and the looks in their bulging, many-veined, puce-colored eyes made him spin on his heels.
“What do you recommend?” she said sweetly, and the bartender put the full glass down, leaning forward as well and exposing her ample cleavage under the thin band shirt she wore. Her grin was very, very naughty.
The man dragged more liquid from the bottle, his eyes cloudy with guilt. “Why you didn’t kill me that night, I’ll never understand. No,” he began, as Castiel went to speak. “I know how you feel about me, Cas, but I was a threat—a threat that needed to be neutralized, and you didn’t do it. You saved me instead, and now I’m carrying Grace inside of me that I never deserved.”
“Do you have any idea where we are going?” Amox murmured, and if his voice was a bit listless, Aira chose not to heed it.
,” he gritted, eyes watering in rage and grief, “is a ten-year-old boy a sinner?”
Asmodeus's eyes gleamed as he stared at her calmly. “I always deliver, my dear, but it isn't always on your time.”
Even the dim lamplight sent pain lancing through his skull, and he groaned, shutting his eyes again. Immediately a familiar face was leaning over his, the expression concerned.
Dean yanked his arm free. “What makes you think I'm an example of a pure life?” he bit back, and Aira calmed at once, searching his face. “You took the Mark as self-punishment,” he said quietly.
This will be a work in progress, and I promise to post as many chapters a day/a week as I can (I have a very busy schedule!). As the chapters keep going up, I will notify for incoming smut when it occurs. Lol. Thanks in advance for sticking with me through all of this! Love you all! <3
“Which means I have all the time in the world to make you beg for it.”
Charlie sniffled, wiping her eyes as she looked up at the angel hopefully. “Then I don't have to kill Dean?”
Dean laughed darkly. “I don't have to make peace with anything. I've embraced what I really am.” His eyes narrowed. “Did you come to make trivial conversation, Crowley? Because I'd rather be slicing and dicing right now than talking, to be honest.”
The other man perched on the edge of the coverlet and reached out, gently touching Dean's cheek. There was no response, but Castiel had expected as much. The ritual rendered one unconscious until the bond called out.
Sam's jaw twitched. He knew she was right, but ever since finding out that things really did go bump in the night, he'd hated Halloween. In his mind, it was just another way for the bad spirits to get a tougher grip on the world, and he didn't fancy playing Ghost Detective all evening.
Castiel painfully rose to his feet, his body screaming with the trauma the demons had inflicted from their beating of his nearly-human form, which had left bruises and bloody cuts. His wings, which they had forced to manifest with a spell, were tattered and torn in places where they had brutally ripped out some of the feathers, and he was fairly sure that one of the smaller joints near the spine was sprained, if not broken. To make matters worse, Sam Winchester had been taken.
Sam swallowed hard. “And if we don't get to him in time?”
Sam sighed. “Yes, for real.”
Crowley swallowed. “I'm not--”
Castiel said softly, “I am concerned for you. That is why Sam asked me to go.”
The angelic ritual had not been performed since the Nephilim walked the earth thousands of years ago. It was meant to both protect and bind one who had gone astray—usually a mate, although that was not always the case—but the means of accomplishing it was...uncomfortable, to say the least.
Castiel replied calmly, “An ancient ritual. Your soul and my grace, bound together for eternity.”
“Dean--!”
Castiel leveled him with a heavy stare.
“Because you stepped over the line, you bastard—literally.”
The ex-angel's fingers drifted up to his throat, where they glided over the slim black cord that rested there—unconsciously, Aira knew. His eyes were focused on things that were not in this reality as he spoke.
“A necklace,” Asmodeus choked out. “It was created by Lucifer, and holds more power than one can possibly imagine—when it's utilized in the right way.”
At last Aira seemed to be losing patience. Sharply, he said, “Would I know as many details as I have explained to you if I were lying? I do not lay myself bare, Dean; I am not a fool. Yet you seemed to be someone I could trust. It appears I have been wrong. You have become cold and careless, and the prospect that a young girl may die because of your stubbornness makes no difference to you.”
“Moose,” Crowley warned from the doorway. “Moose, don't--”
The two inside spun to look at each other, confusion, wariness, and disbelief etched into their expressions. The pounding continued, and the voice grew angrier. “Open the hell up, or so help me, I will shoot this lock out and walk in myself!”
Dean looked at him as though he was an interesting specimen. “You really think I have to abide by those laws? I'm not human, but I'm not demon, either. I'm a whole different breed of animal.” He smiled, flashing his teeth. Sam's stomach curled in revulsion and fear, but before he could speak, Crowley did.
Castiel's gaze was somewhere else. “ 'Save him, then peace will come.' She was the one person that Dean felt closest to, besides you and I. She may be the only one that can bring him back.”
Meanwhile, Magdalena had been staring at him in a mixture of apprehension and fascination, and Crowley stopped by the broad island in the middle of that kitchen, leaning with his back to it as he gazed at her. “So you're the little maiden that's so very important, eh?” he said, and Amox tensed beside her.
“Then let it be for now,” Aira counseled softly. “When the time is right, you will know.”
“What?” he asked, and couldn't help the smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. Castiel reached out and traced his lips with a finger. “You are a complicated man, Dean. But that does not mean I love you any less. And I will stand by your side, no matter the circumstances, no matter the consequences. I knew this the moment my garrison sent me to retrieve you from Hell.”
“Must I tell you my name?” Camael said sharply, and Magdalena smiled gently. “I believe you know the answer to that.”
“What is it, brother?” Aira asked, noting his concern, and rose.
“I am useless,” Amox wept uncontrollably. “Everything I have been is destroyed.”
The soft sound of footsteps in the doorway was heard, and both turned. Aira stood there, and softly, he spoke. “All things occur for a reason, Amox. You cannot begrudge Dean his visit here, nor can you keep Magdalena from facing her life's purpose.”
“What would you rather?” the angel asked quietly. “You are needed, brother, and needed desperately. Is it possible you may lose what is dearest to you? Yes. But are you willing to take that chance for the possibility of redemption?” Amox could not voice an answer, his throat tight with regret and uncertainty, and Aira laid a hand on his shoulder. “The final say is yours,” he said. “Know that I will not think any less of you for whatever path you choose.”
“Damn right. And you're going to know exactly who sent you back to the Pit—Sam Winchester.”
Amox's voice was a whisper, and the eyes he turned on Aira were a startlingly beautiful silver, filled with unspeakable grief. “What have I done?” he begged. Aira knew the question did not pertain simply to his encounter that afternoon with Camael, but to everything that had happened before the Fall and since. He sighed softly.
Crowley tsked. “Why don't you play nice, eh?”
“I took the liberty of ordering you sausage and eggs as well as myself,” he said softly. “We must retain our strength for the road ahead.” He leaned forward, lowering his voice. “If the portents you spoke of were indeed true, then we must not waste any chance we have to eat.”
For an instant, Sam forgot how to breathe, the words ringing in his head.
The woman watched him quietly, and Dean at last turned to her. “Where's your first-aid kit?” “You know that will not help him,” she said softly, and Dean stiffened, the long-buried yet all too familiar mental image of watching countless others die because of his mistakes rearing its ugly head. “Well, what am I supposed to do? I don't see either of you volunteering your skills, if you've even got any,” he sneered.
The male demon snickered. “I guess being shaped like a sycamore tree left you with no brains,” he grinned. “You're of more use than you know.”
“I already told the police everything,” the girl, who couldn’t have been more than sixteen, said quietly, her lower lip trembling as she stared at the brothers from her hospital bed with vulnerable eyes.
“I don't know how to help him,” Charlie said quietly. “And he'll be a mess when he finds out what he tried to do, especially to me. I'm like the little sister he never had or wanted.”
“You really don't have to,” Charlie replied quickly. “I'm sure he'll be here any minute.” She made a show of fishing for her phone. “I actually should call him, make sure he isn't stuck in traffic, you know how that goes...” she babbled nervously.
“Like I said,” he grinned, “no one's coming.”
The atmosphere in the room suddenly grew so cold and thick you could have cut it with a knife, and Aira's eyes narrowed. “It would seem your time with Castiel has taught you nothing about watching your tongue, boy.”
“If you have a more viable idea, I would suggest voicing it,” Aira said evenly, and while Amox's eyes narrowed, he did not object.
Castiel's hands tightened into fists, and Michael laughed delightedly, relaxing once more against the chair.
Amox's gaze fell to his coffee, and he swirled the remaining liquid around in the cup. His question was hesitant, almost as though he was either afraid to ask, feared the answer—or both. “What we spoke of traveling here, brother—the damned one and his angel—could that perhaps have any effect on what you experienced?”
“CASTIEL! Castiel, wake up!” he bellowed, tearing through the library like a hellhound on the heels of its prey.
“Have you been causing all this?” he said shakily. “All the kidnappings; all the murders?”
Magdalena watched him retreat into the back areas of the house, her mind spinning. It was then she noticed Amox's car keys sitting on the mantle, and her mouth set in a tight line. It appeared she would have to take matters into her own hands.
Crowley rolled his eyes. “Such a sap.” Once again, he positioned the blade at Castiel's throat, and Sam went for his last, desperate shot.
“You're weak, Sam. Just like you've always been. You should have known it was always going to be this way. I was always going to be stronger; faster;
Dean smiled half-heartedly. “You still think I'm righteous, don't you?”
The demon felt the temperature in the room change at once, from ambient to bitterly cold to stifling, where it remained. Mahākāla's eyes were now black pools of controlled fury.
“How long have you known?” he bit out, but Aira stared at him uncomprehendingly. “Known what?”
Blindly, he reached out, and his fingertips found her lips. He smiled weakly. “My love...”
To Sam's surprise, Crowley suddenly said softly, “My son deserved better.”
“He left me for the woods,” she whispered, shoulders shaking with sorrow. “I tried to stop him, but he would not listen. He has gone to meet the creature.”
Dean startled, spilling a bit of the coffee. Cursing to himself, he swiped his hand across his pants leg and muttered, “Forgot that was a neat little trick you guys had.”
Dean swallowed. “Doesn't matter now,” he said gruffly. “What's done is done. I just need to find Abbadon and-” Aira tilted his head in a heartbreaking way that reminded Dean of Castiel. They'd grown so far apart over the past year that it hurt to even look at the other man. “You truly believe slaying the Knight of Hell will ease your sorrow? Dean, the Mark cannot bring relief. It will only cause more pain until you bend and break under the weight of it.”
Sam frowned. “And you want me and Castiel to ensure that happens?”
“I’ll grab the girl, you two kill the djinn?” Sam murmured. Dean only gave a terse nod in response, and quietly, they skated along the edge of the van, keeping a close eye on the victim, who of course had to drop her keys at the last moment under the front tire of her little white Mazda. When she emerged with them in hand, the djinn struck.
,” she whispered.
Dean was silent for a few moments, his eyes trained unblinkingly on his sibling. Just as the scrutiny was becoming unbearable, Dean spoke, his voice low.
Reluctantly, Dean opened his eyes again. They were his own, and Castiel breathed a quiet sigh of relief. The ritual had worked—but to what extent was still to be seen.
Aira felt pity for her. Beneath the exterior of the strong, fearless woman lay a young girl who was terribly afraid. He reached out and gently touched her cheek. “I cannot tell. I do not have the power to measure the events that are to come. What I do know, daughter of the Sight, is that you have strength and power beyond even which you are aware. They will be needed soon enough. Do not doubt that.”
Crowley's eyes drifted to Sam's hand again, and his jaw clenched.
There was silence in the car for a few moments as Aira continued to drive, and then he spoke quietly. “Then I fear you stand no chance of surviving this fight against the Winchester himself.”
Dean caught her around the waist as she attempted to bypass him, laughing mercilessly. “Oh, no, honey. You're staying right here. And while we're at it, you can watch him die.”
Castiel watched as the tears that the man had been trying so hard to stem spilled, and in that moment he knew what he had to do. There had never been any other choice, and there never would be—not for him, not in this lifetime. Sam might not forgive him, but that was all right. He had his whole lifetime to try. But all the former angel said was, “Even now I have a connection with him, despite what he has become. I know where he is.”
“Oh, well, that's great,” he said with a snort. “Just fucking great. A sword we can't use, but it wasn't forged by man. Now we have a mystery. How much worse can this get?”
Crowley was suddenly there, and he said quietly, “Wait outside, Moose.”
It was a chaste kiss, but Castiel felt the intent behind it in the very marrow of his being. The bond sang with devotion, and it made the angel ache with fierce protection for the man.
“You will hear me, Dean.” Castiel's voice was sharp. “You are my reason for being, and nothing will change my mind on this fact. You may fail—as we all will—but do not allow yourself to think for one moment that because you will do so I will abandon you. We will get through this, and all other difficulties. I have faith in you.” Dean stared at him for a long time, and then said quietly, “Yeah, Cas. Okay. I love you, too.”
Amox's jaw trembled, and he visibly curled into himself. “He is lost. The one you see before you now is worth nothing.”
“I thank you for your valuable information,” he said coolly. “I require your assistance no longer.”
“Yes,” Crowley responded irritably, and Sam snorted. “Get someone else to do your dirty work, Crowley. We're not your errand boys.”
Castiel entered Dean's room, warm from a recent shower but aching deep in his bones. He was exhausted, but made his way toward the bed, where Dean lay quiet and still. His eyes were closed.
“Please do.”
.” Amox stared at him uncomprehendingly, and Aira said quietly, “Do you truly not know?”
, so to speak, he could not help but yearn for him. The feelings the man harbored were very much two-sided.
“That's never going to happen,” Dean said, intent on searching out the angel's secrets another time, but Aira reached out and swiftly caught him by the arm, exposing the Mark in the same instance. At once white-hot pain flared at the spot, crawling up Dean's wrist and sliding through his veins. “Do you think that this is a game?” Aira snapped, anger blooming in his eyes. “Once Cain's Mark is given, it cannot be erased. It will fester and entwine itself within the heart until nothing remains but a blackened crust of what was once pure and vibrant life.”
“I barely have enough to get to the end of the lot,” Dean balked, though at this moment, he was ready to push his car back onto the highway if that was what it took. “What the hell is wrong with you?”
“All right,” Sam said softly. “We'll tell them you're ready to go.”
“So you're Castiel? I would have expected you to look more...fearsome.”
“Down, boy. What's got your knickers in a twist?”
“What kind of proposition are you interested in?” he asked shrewdly, and Asmodeus set his drink down casually.
“I have my own agenda,” Dean said coarsely. “It doesn't involve a young girl and her visions of the world crumbling to pieces.”
“What? Why?” Dean's expression was like a thundercloud. “Sam, I'm telling you I'm fine.”
Amox did not move when Aira left the motel room and approached him, and the latter was no fool to think that all of the water on his brother's face was rain. Still, he chose not to speak, offering nothing but his presence.
Crowley met his eyes bleakly. “Seems it's hit the fan, Moose.”
The demon smiled lazily. “Let's just say they were..
“Well, you've fallen pretty damn far. Didn't think you could get any lower, but hey, a man's proved wrong every day.”
Sam stared at Castiel, half in consternation and half in confusion. “What are you talking about? How is a sword not a sword?”
“Yes.”
“I would stop now,” Castiel snapped, “while you still have your tongue.”
“Come to think of it,” it continued, strolling up into Amox's space until the two were nose to nose, its eyes flicking to coal as it smiled viciously, “maybe I'll go find her and teach her the finer points of obedience. Word is that all my gals like my lessons.”
Abbadon rose, her lips quirking. “That's too bad, because we were hoping we could arrange a truce.”
“Go ahead, Charlie.”
At last, after hours of struggling and the feeling of something slick sliding between his fingers—whether blood or sweat, Sam didn't know and didn't care—the knots holding him to the chair gave way, and the rope slithered silently to the floor. The two new demons that had been assigned to guard him were bigger and stronger, and they peered closely at him as he squirmed.
