Plastic flurries ricochet around the glass sphere, falling, gently suspended in glycerin, onto the tiny replica Roadhouse. The snow finally settles only to be tipped again into tumult as Chuck winds the music box mechanism built into the base of the snow globe. He hums along to the familiar tune, placing it gently next to Becky’s floral-backed laptop and hovers over the keyboard for a few moments, letting the tinkling notes of Kansas envelope the room.
Castiel remembers feeling entirely out of his depth once the music started and begged off Charlie’s pleas for him to join her in a celebratory dance. Instead, he had sat and watched the people twirling with one another while the band played late into the evening. There had been five musicians dressed in bright tunics with elaborate hats, two sang while the others played lute, lyre, and harmonica.
“There's a cafe two blocks from here that serves killer sandwiches,” she mentions. At his nod, Anael swaps her heels for flats and the pair walk together to the cafe, making polite conversation about the museum's upcoming events.
The bus slows in its approach and Castiel draws a deep breath before gets up, “You’re more than welcome to come back with me if you want to.”
Dean pulls the bumblebee picture from his pocket and realizes, as he hands it over to Sam, that his song for Blue Eyes has outside influences.  He's immediately disappointed that he hasn't created something truly unique for him. He hasn't told Sam yet, that the man might be something more. More than just someone putting money in a case, enjoying the music at face value.
The first time Dean meets Castiel at Milton’s Cafe, he finds Joshua there, holding two cups of coffee.  When he turns to find Dean in line behind him, his face breaks into a warm smile and he hands one of the travel cups to Dean. Introductions are made and Joshua and Castiel become fast friends, each man bonding over a love of community outreach. It seems only natural for Dean to invite Chuck to coffee the next week. The older men get along famously, and Chuck and Becky hire Joshua on at the adult care center to tend to the garden there and even set him up in the granny flat behind Becky’s home.
“I was hoping you might be free for lunch? I never see you here on my way home,” he realizes at some point mid-sentence what he’s saying might be misconstrued and finishes in a rush, “and I’d like to speak with you about an exhibit I’m putting together,” he manages. “I’m Castiel Novak.”
Castiel doesn't understand the sentiment behind the younger Winchester's words but turns to head in the advised direction.
"As a matter of fact, no. It's not something he's into, so don't make it weird," he warns, feeling particularly defensive. His lightheartedness threatening to slip.
Castiel shares all his research with Dean, running ideas and themes by him for their grand exhibit. Dean supports him through everything. It still makes him nervous any time the man mentions the word bard or the phrase bardic inspiration. He’s pretty sure Cas is onto him, maybe even as early as their conversation with Chuck, but always seems reluctant to admit his suspicions. Sam certainly thinks Cas knows everything. His baby brother likes to point out all the boxes Castiel checks in the Patron column. He even calls Cas his O.T.P. (One True Patron), then laughs and dodges Dean’s brotherly punch to the shoulder.
On first impression, Chuck seems exactly as Charlie described. He has curly greying hair and a short beard. He’s wearing a white baseball tee trimmed in black under a green canvas jacket, jeans, and grey Chuck Taylor sneakers. He has wide blue eyes and smiles when they approach. Castiel gets to him first and shakes his hand, exchanging pleasantries. When Chuck glances over Cas’s shoulder to Dean, a flash of recognition runs across his features and he closes the distance between them quickly, dropping Castiel’s hand in the process, to envelope Dean in a tight hug. Dean freezes, then pats awkwardly at the smaller man’s back until he lets go, bracing Dean’s shoulders in each hand. There are tears in his eyes, tracking down to his beard, and Dean realizes that his shirt is damp where Chuck buried his face in his shoulder.
After a quick warning about Charlie’s competitive nature and Dean assuring Castiel that he could hold his own, they made plans to bus together to the Bradbury’s humble abode.
Castiel wakes warm and cozy the next morning with Dean curled against his back. He has a moment to bask in the novelty of having someone to wake up to and almost wishes they were lying face to face so he can watch Dean as he sleeps. He shifts an arm from beneath the sheets and pulls his phone closer to read the time. It’s early, probably just enough time to have breakfast before he needs to be at the museum. He sets the phone back in place and pulls himself fully under the sheets, nestling back into the solid line of heat Dean provides. He feels his hair tangle with Dean’s beard and the other man stirs behind him, so Castiel takes the opportunity to stretch a bit before settling again. Dean shifts his hips back slightly and noses along his neck, running his scruff between Cas’s shoulder blades and planting a kiss just below his hairline. It tickles, and he tenses up but still offers more of his neck to Dean who smooches him right behind his ear.
“You know her?” he asks in disbelief, “I just ran into her on my way here. Man, that girl can play.”
on a rugaru milk run. Back at the motel, he’d scoured the internet on a thrift shop laptop; painstakingly hooked the tape deck to it and recorded the song. It’s the only holiday tune Baby knows.
Castiel closes the distance between them and digs into the front pocket of his messenger bag for his business card and the change from his latte. The man has kept eye with Castiel the entire way, and his face splits into a bright smile when Castiel is within a few feet of the guitar case. He puts his change inside, takes a small step back, and waits for the song to finish. The man plays on until at some predetermined point in time, the song is over, and Castiel feels the last notes seep into himself, warming him to the core of his being. It’s like stepping into the sunshine from a cool building, skin warming with goosebumps. He feels at peace and closes in after a moment with his card in his outstretched hand and warm smile on his lips.
Dean’s lips tip up into a wolfish grin when they lock eyes over the table, “I think we’ve been on plenty of dates since your project started. Don’t you?”
Dean watches as Chuck runs his fingers over the weathered pickguard, scratched with decades of use. He traces the initials carved into the body and looks up with a question in his eyes, fingers resting over the
Castiel spends the remainder of his workday helping Anael with the quilt. They chat about their weekend plans and on his way home, he considers how much he enjoys her company. That perhaps his first month without Charlie won't be so bad after all. The thought buoys him for the rest of the evening.
The last time he dusted off the OFX Shoebox was Christmas ‘07 when he’d heard a holiday rendition of Zepp’s
He and Dean turn to the group, who is pulling instruments and amplifiers from the van, ready to play war anthems for the Battle of Moondoor.
I borrowed heavily from Dungeons and Dragons when crafting the concepts of bards and bardic inspiration, and I found many excellent resources online to explain the mythology for this story. Please check out
that inspires Dean’s Inigo Montoya impression can be found in the folk art museum at Cal State University San Jose.
Castiel hangs his messenger bag on a hook near the door and pats the Chewbacca bobblehead on Charlie’s desk, retrieving the watering can from his desk drawer. After a quick trip to the water fountain, he makes the rounds of their little garden, ending with a spider plant that he’s let die several times which Charlie somehow manages always to resurrect. He says quiet hellos to each plant as the water sinks into their rich soil, thankful for the small amount of life they are able to bring to the subterranean environment.
“That’s awesome. I was going to stop by tomorrow to hear her play again, maybe we can meet back up here for lunch.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Dean. Please feel free to text or call with details. Anywhere you’d like is fine. I work at the Museum of American Folk Art on Centennial. It’s, ah, on the card,” he feels like a bit of an idiot, rambling on, but he’s nervous now that he has a name for the man whose songs have become the most delightful earworms.
Jack W. Lyle Park is primarily a large field where local community sports groups host soccer and peewee football games.  There is a modest jungle gym and a few benches set along a paved walking path that circumvents the entire tree-lined space.  It’s blocked in by two-story homes on three sides and the Rosen House Adult Care center on the fourth. Dean has brought his guitar along for their meeting; it’s a great ice breaker with the other buskers and he likes playing with new artists, collaborating on something unique born from their shared passion.
“When will he learn we’re just not the gift-giving type,” Dean groused, picking up then quickly dropping the invitation when silvery shimmers stuck to his fingers. “Ya think Bess made these?”
-inspired appliances, the backsplash a combination of Charlie’s Gryffindor and Gilda’s Hufflepuff colors.  Dean and Charlie are dumping chips into serving bowls and Castiel watches Dean sneak a chip to Anson, who had sidled up to their newest house guest.
“Already on it, dear! So, invite him over for game night. Four’s the perfect number for board games, Cas! Plus, I could always use more handmaidens. Do not deprive me of my handmaidens.”
Knowing he would lose this fight no matter what, he conceded defeat. “Of course, Your Majesty,” Castiel said with mock sincerity. “I will pass along your summons. Though I can’t guarantee he’ll come.”
On the way to campus, Dean listens to the music blasting in tinny notes from the headphones of the lanky man seated in front of him. It's some old R&B song, and Dean tries to make out the lyrics but settles for tapping the beat on his knees until the man gets off five stops later and his seat is filled by a woman and her stroller. Dean spends the rest of the trip making goofy faces at the baby and enamoring the little old lady seated to his right.
Dean dedicates each day to their memory, thumbing the horned amulet he wears around his neck. The station is markedly quiet when he arrives each morning, few commuters brave the pre-dawn light.  He’s certain that no one around here starts the workday before nine in the morning. His usual audience is the handful of homeless folks who couldn't get a spot in the shelter the night before, so he makes sure his tune-up runs are gentle lullabies and soothing sonnets until the sun makes its way over the horizon. He hums in his father's baritone and watches the people around him relax visibly deeper as his music envelopes them.
“Claire and Chuck are Bards. Chuck’s got Becky keeping him tied down and I think Claire’s gonna stay, too. Unless Kaia moves away.”
After his morning routine, he and Charlie head up to the exhibit, making one last walkthrough and setting up the brochures and guides that go along with the exhibit.  They assemble cocktail tables and set up the small bar in the lobby, ready the buffet table that will hold meat and cheese trays in a couple hours. He can feel the buzz start under his skin, a tingly feeling that makes his cheeks hurt once he realizes he’s smiling like a loon. Charlie shares his enthusiasm, letting out a little shriek of pent-up energy in the elevator on their way to the workroom. They stop work fifteen minutes early, Charlie skipping through the parking lot to her yellow Gremlin. She offers Castiel a ride home, but he declines, needing the few minutes to himself.
He sees the hesitance in Castiel's blue eyes and quickly nods, their lips brushing in the narrow space between them. "Yeah, Cas. Just this. Whatever you need," he whispers, entirely content. When Castiel beams at him: a wide smile that shows all his teeth and his gum line and it is Dean’s absolute favorite thing, he can't help but capture Castiel in another kiss that goes on long after their beer goes warm.
Anson runs shrieking to Castiel and wraps himself around his knees, nearly toppling him over into Dean who rescues the canvas bag from Castiel so that he can scoop the boy up into his arms. Charlie leads Dean through the house to the kitchen to set up the snacks Castiel brought, and Castiel tries to translate Anson’s baby babble.
“Good, thank you,” he stutters, suddenly nervous for no real reason. He catches Dean staring at his forearms.
The place is packed. When Dean’s been by to meet Cas for lunch or to head home, there’s usually a handful of people walking through the place, families and older folks. Tonight though, it’s standing room only, and he feels Cas tense beside him immediately. He wraps an arm around the other man’s waist and pulls Cas closer, kissing his hair and humming into his ear. He always feels energized from a crowd, so he passes along a little bit of it to Cas and is pleased to feel him relax after a brief moment.
The Bradbury’s kitchen is dominated by an island that is used for prep work, breakfast bar, and a hangout spot. The counters are covered with
“Thank you for agreeing to help, Ms. Rosen. Do you mind if we wait for Chuck’s show to end? We’d like to ask him a few questions.”
“Oh, Chuck’s not a busker! He’s my boyfriend. He plays for the folks here that we take care of. I own the place, inherited it from my mom when she passed away. Your exhibit sounds fascinating, by the way. I’m sure Chuck would be happy to participate,” Becky supplies in one breath. Dean isn’t sure he follows half of what she says and is afraid they won’t get a word in edgewise, but Castiel seems to have woken up a bit and offers Becky a business card from his messenger bag.
He watches Chuck’s entire being collapse on itself, shoulders sagging and face falling into deep remorse. His eyes well up again, the tears carrying none of their previous mirth.
Dean and Castiel stand side-by-side on Charlie’s doorstep. Both are nervous. Dean has been absently preening his beard since they got on the bus, tugging and pulling the underside into a tangled mess that makes Castiel’s hyper-bouncing knee look downright tame by comparison.
“Live Action Role Playing. It's a social club for people who wish to act out mock battles as part of a larger strategic game. Charlie is Moondoor’s current regent.”
“I thought we had an agreement: you get to keep your stupid holiday tradition of the Elf on the Shelf, as long as there’s more guts and gore,” Dean explains from across the room, where his elves were engaged in combat with Elf Santa.  “Besides, this looks frickin’ awesome!” He adds, stepping back from his scene.
Becky motions for them to come over to the garden and he holds the white picket gate open for Cas so they can step inside.
Stepping off the bus, Dean looks across campus for a moment, admiring the stone buildings. Stanford's law school used to intimidate Dean; the people hurrying about in pencil skirts and creased slacks are intense. Dean is keenly aware his flannel and jeans stick out like a sore thumb, but he carries on regardless, head held high. He remembers having a case of stage fright when he was younger and his mother telling him to keep his chin up and always look the audience in the eye. She said more often than not, he would be met with a smile. He suspects the lawyers-in-training are too stressed to share a kind interaction, and once he made peace with that thought, he found he had no fear of them.
Dots bounce along next to Dean’s unsaved number and Castiel waits a moment longer before the restaurant details pop into existence. It’s within walking distance of the museum and he quickly taps out an affirmative reply, confirming the time and place. He locks the phone screen and takes a deep breath. Turning back to his desk, he catches Anael watching him with a bemused expression on her face, leaning her hip against the table. When he doesn’t immediately engage with her, she goes back to work, humming the wildflower song under her breath. He spends the time before his meeting rehearsing each question he’ll ask Dean Winchester.
is a favorite of his in the early mornings, but he's been working on something special for a man named Joshua who has been waking to his guitar each morning for the past week. Once he's up, the elderly man disappears down the road and always returns with two steaming cups of coffee and a warm smile. They share stories - Dean often speaks of his parents and the places they used to play, and Joshua reminisces about the Cincinnati Botanical Gardens he tended before the city cut funding and he was forced to the streets. Dean tries to craft something for him akin to a flower unfurling its petals, punctuated with staccato bluegrass picking to mimic hedge clippers gently removing deadened leaves, making way for new life.
“Sam, my brother,” Dean answers the unspoken question. “He doesn’t play anymore. Quit the band to join Stanford...Law.”
“Really,” Charlie asks with thinly veiled excitement. Castiel wants to intervene, but keeps silent, hoping her questions don’t go too deep.
“New song?” he asks, counting the freckles along the man's nose, uncaring that this is the first time he's given more than a passing thought to what's playing around him. “It's lovely,” he adds and watches as the man's blush deepens.
Dean can't get rid of the butterflies swarming around in his stomach. He's been riding high since the blue-eyed man spoke to him. He spends the rest of the morning wearing out his fingers on variations of the wildflower tune, in an attempt to perfect it, the amulet a warm weight around his neck.  His phone vibrates in his back pocket and he silences the alarm. He packs up his guitar, pocketing the money he's collected and tucking his folding stool into its pouch. He slings the strap over his shoulder and carries the guitar case to the edge of the platform, pleased when he realizes that it's the same one his not-favorite boarded that morning.
Dean watches as Castiel packs his notes away in a folder that he slips into his messenger bag while he makes himself comfortable on the big couch. There’s a new tension between them. He thinks it’s the good kind of nervous before something big, but supposes the big stuff is already out of the way given his confession and Castiel’s ready acceptance. He feels fantastic and a little dizzy, having everything out in the open now.
“I do, Cas, but I - I gotta get back to Sam,” he's apologetic. He really does want to go with the other man, but he needs to unpack the day, relate everything he’s learned to Sam. He knows he has just enough energy to get through the basics before he crashes, and it doesn’t feel right to wait to tell his brother something this monumental.
At eleven o’clock, Castiel’s phone vibrates from inside his messenger bag, and he opens the lock screen, thumbing into his messenger app to read his text:
“She is really quite remarkable.  My colleague and I came upon her on our way to lunch yesterday. She’s on my list of contacts. I thought I’d reach out to her through her social media, see if I can’t find more artists in the area.”
Sam pumps both fists in the air, a bit of cheese flying off the end of the fork to land somewhere on the floor.
Castiel isn't great with social cues if he’s honest with himself, and he isn't entirely sure if Anael expects him to explain the intricacies of the gameplay to her. People tend to baffle him. The few coworkers he interacts with directly know to keep conversations work-related. Charlie is the only person he has ever opened up to and he wonders if he should try to get to know Anael better. She'll be working on the quilt for at least a month and making no attempt at all would surely be noticed.
Dean stacked the last mug on its tray near the coffee pot and turned back to Castiel. He held out the angel’s coat, but Castiel didn’t move to take it. Instead, he passed by Dean and down the hall. Dean heard the snores and whispers of his fellow hunters and felt a smile on his lips for the first time in months. Castiel made the turn into Dean’s room and closed the door behind the hunter, taking his coat and slipping it on the hook behind the door. They undressed in silence, and finally slipped into bed.
He sees a shift in himself.  He’s not so anxious around people. The musicians he met during interviews for Charlie’s exhibit helped him see that finding common ground with folks helps ease his stress.  He still needs plenty of quiet time to get back to himself after interactions with the public, but he no longer panics in the days leading up to a meeting. Dean has been an integral part of the shift, booking lessons in the evenings when he knows Cas has been social and playing him lullabies when he does get home, serenading Castiel as he decompresses with a book or playing a mindless game on his phone.
"Big tipper?" Sam asks with thinly veiled amusement. Dean scoffs, then coughs when he inhales a bite of bread.
“Are you humming?” Anael asks from the doorway. Castiel jolts, turning in his desk chair to face her stunned expression.
There’s a crate in the bowels of the bunker labeled “The Nutcracker” and for all Dean’s off-color jokes about what could be inside, when the crate is finally opened, all that’s there is exactly what it says on the tin.It should have been a letdown but in actuality, it’s this beautiful solid wood, perfectly crafted traditional figure that makes its home on the bunker’s mantel.
“Sure is,” Dean confides, leaning back into his chair. He looks so relieved at the evening’s turn of events. “So, you want to make this thing between us official?”
“Sounds good, Cas. I’ll see you later.”  Dean sets his fingers on the strings of his guitar and plays Castiel to his platform, and the bus soon arrives to whisk him off to work.
He wonders now if the musicians were authentic or if the songs they played were of any historical significance. He had no occasion at the time to care about the details. Now, he clicks open a new tab in his browser and pulls up the official Moondoor website, navigating to the California faction and digging for more details. As it happens, the musicians are a local band called Ghostfacers. Castiel copies the band’s email address and sends them a message inquiring if they would be interested in participating in the exhibit. Charlie will be so proud.
It is splendid on its perch, despotizing over all who set eyes upon it. For if the Winchesters had turned the crate around, they would have found the side label that warned:
“I gave this to your mother, Mary Winchester. I - I knew your parents before they had you. Back in the early seventies. We used to play together before they were married,” he conveys with quiet wonder. The amulet is warm, buzzing when Chuck replaces it under Dean’s shirt.
“Then you wrote me a song, that next week. That one about the bees? It was for me, right?” Dean nods his head sheepishly and he continues, “I thought so. Did you know I invited a coworker to lunch that day? I haven’t eaten outside of the museum with anyone but Charlie in
Sam has listened to Dean play the same song for over three hours and he’s a little past his breaking point. He wants to tell his brother to go to his room, but the living room
He looks to Cas from the corner of his eye and turns fully to him when he sees the other man staring back at him. Then, the distance between them disappears and their lips meet in a gentle press. Neither vies for more until they each pull away and open their eyes. He grins, elated and Castiel swoops in for a deeper kiss. He opens his mouth in invitation for more. A few gasping kisses find him hovering over Castiel, pushed back to lay on the long edge of the couch. The space isn’t quite wide enough for them both, but he makes do with one knee wedged between Cas and the back of the couch, and the other foot planted on the floor. His hands cradle Cas’s head as an excuse to run through his thick hair and they rut against each other like men half their age.
Squaring his shoulders, he returns to the archway and watches Dean run the dish wand under the tap until it suds, scrubbing down the first plate and starting to rinse the soap away before he finally finds his voice.
. Sam gives him a surprised look and Dean shrugs back in response. It’s never been his kind of music, but if it gets his brother to sing, he’ll play just about anything.
Castiel takes his notebook and pen from his back pocket and runs through the same questions he asked Dean. The man himself sets down on the bench, angled to give Castiel and Claire some privacy and goes about playing the song from that morning. Castiel notices Dean’s guitar case is closed and leaning against the bench and the pedestrians that pass the trio drop their bills and change into the ukulele case. They share a smile over Claire’s shoulder and Castiel continues the interview.
“I didn’t want to presume. And it’s been hard, working under the assumption that you’re some…mythical being.”
He remembers being lost in wintery woods, on a wendigo hunt, and using the star to guide him back to Baby’s obstructed parking spot on the highway roadside. The star’s light had brought him a sense of comfort –
“Happy to, Cas. And for the record, you could do it, but it’ll be easier with help, and I’m real glad you asked,” Dean breathes, and his cheeks turn pink, bringing out his freckles. They part with a promise to meet again later in the week, once they’ve each had time to meet with some of the other buskers. Dean says he’ll check in frequently and Castiel assures him that he’ll look forward to hearing from him.
“Hey man, I wouldn’t mind helping out with your interviews, if you want to?” Dean seems hesitant with his words, but Castiel warms at the thought of someone to help. “I mean, I’m free most of the day anyway. It really wouldn’t be any trouble.”
“A bard, Cas. Yeah, you got it in one,” Dean sets the pages down on the table and meets his eyes. Their features are mirrored: open, honest and ready to lay it all out there.
He reaches into his pocket just as he arrives at the man's case and produces a ten-dollar bill.  He bends to put the bill inside the case and when he comes back up, the man is smiling, the apples of his cheeks tinged pink when Castiel returns the gesture. The man plays on at a quieter tone, like this song is just for the two of them and Castiel is compelled to speak to him.
“Uh…” Dean supplies, mouth agape at the display of emotion. He catches Castiel’s eye and sees the other man is no better off at understanding what’s going on in this garden in the middle of the afternoon.
It’s mere days until the opening when Charlie drags him, along with Dean, Gilda, and Anson, to the park, which has been made over into half Renaissance Faire, half battleground, in honor of the day’s events. They’ve all dressed up for the occasion, of course. Charlie wears a heavy gold crown, cape and a maroon brocade gown befitting her queenly status. She carries Anson on her hip, dressed up as her knight in shining armor. Gilda is resplendent in a gauzy white gown, her hair braided with sprigs of ivy. The Bradbury’s are quickly absorbed into the crowd of Charlie’s faithful subjects, leaving Castiel and Dean in the parking lot.
He raises a brow, but strips down to his boxers, blushing when Dean lets out a whistle of appreciation from the bed. He avoids looking back, instead carefully pulling the tags from the sweater and putting on the outfit Dean’s picked out for him. When he does turn, Dean is sitting up on the end of the bed, leaning back on his hands with bright, loving eyes. He figures he’ll wear anything Dean wants if it gets him a look like that.
They chat for another half hour or so, Castiel taking down copious notes, and Dean regaling him with a few notable performances. He doesn’t mention that meeting Castiel has been the best so far. He does mention the little girl and Joshua, and as they’re wrapping things up, Dean’s face breaks out in a wide smile.
,” she breathes out, making her way to the bag and peering inside it. He thinks her face could best be described as Indiana Jones looking at the Holy Grail.
He can hardly breathe, let alone answer Cas’s question. He’s completely overwhelmed with emotion, on the verge of tears. He feels warm and mushy and is so glad Sam is out of town with Madison to visit her parents. He doesn’t think he could reign it in if his giant of a brother knew what Cas had worked out for him.
“Everyone’s triple confirmed they’ll be there,” Dean assures with a huff, sprawling across the bed to watch him pick out a shirt. “I like that sweater you’ve got hiding back there, by the way.”
That Spangler boy was always up to something though, and in fact had shown their sweet son the Culkin classic.
Castiel takes a sip from his water glass and the waitress stops by to take their order. Dean thinks he could listen to Castiel read the phone book without tiring, the other man’s voice is deep and rich and leaves his ears buzzing. After she leaves with the menus, Castiel leans forward, pen poised to jot down relevant details from the questions he’s about to ask Dean. He really wishes he wasn’t so nervous.
Pastor David Gideon lights the first purple candle nestled within the evergreen wreath atop his dining table. He sits in the single chair and opens his Holy Book to Revelations, reciting a passage that gives him great strength when pondering the fate God has set upon him.
When the woman gets closer, he extends a hand to her and gives his most charming smile, “Dean Winchester, miss. This is my partner, Castiel.”
site on bards, and Castiel reads over the fantastical description, entranced by the idea of any of it being true. As he reads, though, a chill breaks out along the back of his neck.
“That’s an excellent idea,” he supposes, dreading the thought of interacting with other people. He’s so much more comfortable keeping to himself. The only time he interacts with the public for any stretch of time is through the museum’s social media sites. Often those people are fellow museum professionals or students with a direct interest in whatever collection piece he’s posted.
Under their “About Us” section, Castiel reads their biography.  They’re self-proclaimed nerds who play Dungeons and Dragons when they aren’t playing shows in the dive bars around the Stanford campus. There’s an embedded link in the text that takes him to a
When they finish, Dean gathers their plates onto the pizza stone and takes everything to the kitchen sink. He’s stopped protesting Dean’s help with such chores and remains silent. Instead, he walks to the coffee table where a green folder sits, it’s the one he made up for Dean for their first interview. It’s grown thick over the months they’ve known one another. Castiel stares at the passages he’s highlighted on the page, summoning the courage to go through with the evening. He doesn’t know if he wants his suspicious to be true but knows he’s come to a boiling point. He wants something with Dean, something more, but not without knowing the whole truth of what’s in front of them.
Sam and Dean don’t make it to bed that night.  They fall asleep, leaning into one another, on the couch. When they wake up late the next morning, it’s with cricks in their necks and full hearts. Dean makes them bacon and pancakes after Sam calls into his professor to excuse his absence, and the pair spend the whole day together for the first time in years.
“Charlie, Dean and I have a surprise for you,” he begins, and an excited murmur runs through the crowd. “If you’d please direct your attention to the back of the room? Anael, please get the doors.” Cas is beaming by the time he’s finished, and Dean watches Charlie’s face as the main entrance swings open, admitting the Ghostfacers crew.
He didn’t bother with the lights, dropping his towel and pulling on a pair of boxers, couldn't resist prodding the bruises covering him as he peeled back the covers on the bed and lowered himself gingerly onto the sheets. Sheets that were covered in prickly, itchy, awfulness. Sam leaped from bed and flipped the lamp, aches forgotten.
Stark white settles over the Montana hunting cabin. The weather had turned several hours before, and now the Winchesters find themselves a little stir-crazy, waiting for the moment they can dig themselves out of the winter wonderland. Dean wonders for the nth time why there isn’t some snow-blowing spell they can use but realizes any spell ingredients are buried in Baby’s trunk. At least he threw a tarp over her before all this started. Small blessings.
He reaches across the table to take the papers back and rises from the table, asking, “Would you like to stay? We can watch something before you have to go.”
Chuck leads them to a stone bench in the garden. There’s a skinny tree trying its best to shade them, and Dean drags the guitar case off his back to sit with Chuck. The older man makes room, so he can balance the case on his lap, flicking open the latches to raise the lid. Castiel stands a short distance from them, and Dean is so grateful he’s here, that they came together on this errand-turned-trip-down-memory-lane. He huffs out a sigh and tips the case toward Chuck showing him Mary’s guitar and the family photos tucked inside.
Dean jumps out of his skin when he hears Sam come home. He feels like he’s been caught with his hand in the cookie jar. He knows he's blushing as he props his guitar against the couch and tries to arrange himself in a mockery of comfort. Sam catches him scratching his short beard, halfway to horizontal, and scoffs at his brother's antics.
“Beginning in June, the American Folk Art Museum will be host to several music workshops for various ages and experience levels. Admission will be free to the public. At the end of the summer, there will be a voluntary recital where participants can show off what they’ve learned to family and friends. There are brochures for the program at the doors on your way out.  Please take a handful and help us spread the word. We hope to see you all again soon. Thanks again for joining us and drive safe everyone. Goodnight!”
“I don't think so,” he answers with a furrowed brow, his head tilting to the side as he considers the implication of her words. He never hums or sings along with the radio. Truthfully, he encounters very little music in his daily life.
Finally, after re-reading the same three sentences for the eighth time, he closes the file, pushes himself to standing, and drops down on the other side of the couch, jostling Dean and interrupting the song mid-chord. Dean shoots him an affronted glare.
“I had that approved by HR, so they’re all expecting it,” he admits, only vaguely scandalized that he went through with his own idea.
Then, Sam's eyes light up and he points to him from across his desk, a piece of lettuce falling back into its biodegradable container, “You didn’t sleep at home last night!”  His brother’s eyes are dancing with mirth now, and Dean groans half-heartedly, but can’t keep the smile off his face.
"It's no trouble, man. Happy to help," Dean confides, returning to his seat and clasping his hands in front of him on the table. Castiel moves to open the folder and pulls a piece of paper from it, then a thin notebook. Leaning against the table with one arm, he reaches into his back pocket to produce a blue pen, clicking it open.
On the way to work, Castiel lets his mind wander to the surprises he’s managed to keep under wraps from the two most important people in his life. Dean’s surprise has been the perfect distraction for Charlie, keeping her off his case about the Ghostfacers with the added bonus of having someone speak to the museum board for funding and support. He’s been working with Chuck also, trying to get all the pieces in place before tonight. He had just received an email from the board a few days before, signing off on his proposal.
He’d learned a thing or two about Faith and Doubt over the years, and while he still wasn’t sure he’d ever get it right…
“But Billie also said that The Empty couldn’t come to Earth unless summoned, right?” Sam clarifies, and at the word ‘summon’ Dean felt himself tense up. “So, unless someone summons it, it can’t do anything, right? Is it easy to summon?”
Sam was silent in the passenger seat, hadn’t spoken a word since they’d left the bunker, but the tension in his shoulders spoke for him. Sam wanted to push, to drag everything out of him bit by bit so that he understood.
“Yeah, we do. So, if it’s got every dead Demon and Angel tucked away inside it, all awake and annoying, what’s to stop it from making deals to release them to come after those who made it loud in the first place? And if it can’t find them, their associates?” Dean explained, losing himself to the only other train of thought he’d been able to bear thinking about.
He now had Sam’s complete and undivided attention so, naturally, he stopped talking and took a long drag from his bottle. He could feel Sam’s indecision mounting but already knew which way the shoe would drop. Sam just couldn’t mind his own damn business, never could.
Was this the right thing to do? Jack may have decided to be hands off, but he wouldn’t have left them in any real danger, right? And should he leave Sam behind? It’s supposed to be them, the two of them, through Heaven or Hell or come what may, two brothers against the world.
“I’m gonna need you to take a few steps back here, Dean. What’s this about deals? Is that…” Sam’s forehead scrunched when he put his thinking face on, and Dean decided that shaking fingers or not, he needed that beer.
Crazy how everything that mattered in his whole, sorry life came down to that once sentence. For better or for worse it had been what defined him for too damn long, but not anymore. Chuck had set Sam free, and now it was Dean’s turn to do the same.
“So, if one person was able to annoy The Empty enough to letting them out, what’s gonna happen when they’re
Sam placed his arms on the railing and leaning down, blowing out a breath as he did it. “If you don’t tell me everything, how am I supposed to help?”
Dean didn’t blame her, the whole situation was fucked, and to be honest he was selfishly glad that he wasn’t the only person thinking about it.
Sam gave him the side-eye, but he shrugged it off. If he’d wanted conversation he wouldn’t have come outside to be alone, and something told him that Sam wouldn’t be happy about what was going on inside his head if he knew.
Dean shook his head, at least he was honest, but “I’ll call, Sam. And if I need backup, I won’t be stupid, alright? I promise. No go.”
Sam’s disappointed sigh hit Dean’s back as he walked away, but considering the footsteps that followed he still counted it as a win.
Dean cleared his throat and kept his eyes resolutely on the curve of the double-yellow line before him.
Dean’s voice broke the silence before his brain understood that he was speaking; he took no satisfaction from the way Sam jumped a little, because he was already panicking his own damn self. Now that he’d spoken, Dean wasn’t sure if he’d be able to keep going, didn’t even know how to explain the rest of the answer that his mouth apparently wanted to give.
“The Empty,” Dean stopped and raised his eyebrows when Sam sucked in a breath. But Sam closed his mouth and motioned for Dean to keep talking. “It was pissed before, right? Cas—” His voice broke a little on the name, but Dean powered through and willed Sam to let it go. “He said originally that he annoyed it into letting him go, ‘cause he was loud, right? Then Billie sends Jack in there to explode, and Jack says that the Empty was losing it’s damn mind ‘cause Jack made it loud. In theory, that means because he woke everyone up.”
The screen door slammed behind him but Dean paid it no mind. The long stride to the porch railing and the breath of fresh air that filled his lungs before he actually climbed out of his own skin felt far more important than any sort of dramatic exit.
Dean hadn’t been solo, truly solo, in fifteen years. He wasn’t sure he knew how to do it anymore, not really. But he’d figure it out. Had to. Sam had tried to get out of this life once before and Dean had drawn him back in against his will and kept him there.
No one was watching him anyway, the loud group inside too intent to celebrate their continued existence to pay too much attention to the person hiding in the shadows. The only person even slightly on his level was Claire, but she stuck close to Alex and for the most part hid her confusion on why the absence of an Angel in her father’s skin didn’t sit right with her.
Sam’s phone dinged from where it sat on the table in question, and how quickly his brother moved to answer it told Dean who it must be.
“I’m 41 year’s old, Sam. I never went to college, I dropped out of high school, and my list of talents isn’t something that can lend itself to any kind of real work that could support a life. Chuck might not be controlling us anymore, so in the grand scheme of life, the universe, and everything I’m free to choose. But in reality? I don’t really have a lot of options open to me. No prospects, and I mean that in every sense of the word.” A sharp pang to the chest rang through at that, the idea of a romantic prospect, but he’d been shutting down that idea for years now. Realistically Dean knew he could stop his explanation there, could let that be the end of it, but just like in the car his mouth kept moving without his permission. “And more than that… I still have questions. Job doesn’t feel done.”
Every time he closed his eyes, even just for a blink, he could see Cas’ face: tears falling down electric blue eyes, smile blinding with its surety. Words spilling from lips that had haunted Dean for years, words that he didn’t know if he could even believe.
Dean winced at the flat enthusiasm in his voice; he used to be so much better at faking, but that was a whole angel and a handful of deaths ago.
it, and they both knew that no matter where he went, Dean’s eyes would still be drawn to the darkness. On the other hand, his questions were possibly more revealing than he wanted them to be.
Footsteps approached and it was nothing to accept the offered beer and take a swig, let the silence do the talking for as long as his brother would let it.
Dean let loose a long breath and forced his fingers to open; he didn’t bother to shake out the feel of the cutting edge against his palm. The longer it stayed, the better.
This was it, the moment the Winchester boys willingly separated on their own terms. The end of a goddamn era where brotherhood was oftentimes the only thing they had left. He held the tears back until the screen door closed behind Sam and Eileen and he’d turned away.
What was love to a being that had lived for millennia? That had seen the rise and fall (and fall… and fall… and fall…) of the world, that had witnessed every act of humanity countless times over again? Anna had told Dean over a decade ago that it wasn’t until she’d lost her Grace and become fully human that she’d known how to feel, but where was that line drawn?
It’s not like Sam had a real argument for Dean’s other points; sure, they could fake papers to give Dean credentials for whatever job he’d want to go for, but then he’d still have to
“Dean, listen. You can’t do this alone. I’ll talk to Eileen, she’ll understand, but you do this thing where you just… Are you sure you’re not just looking for trouble?”
He felt the hair raise against his skin, the anger thrum beneath it, but fought to keep it down. He wasn’t that person, didn’t have to be that person, and he could get through a conversation without snapping at Sam. “Trust me, you really don’t. You want to go inside, be happy with Eileen, ease your way out of the life and put this all behind you, somehow. Raise a family, get a real job. Be happy.”
John Winchester had done a number on him. Dean knew it, Sam knew it. Heaven and Hell knew it at this point and they’d often even banked on it. He’d trained Dean to do his job, shaped his life by passing on the hunt for ol’ yellow eyes, had time and time again leaned on Dean to clean up a mess the adults had made.
It didn’t make a whole lot of sense, he knew it, but that was the best way Dean could explain it. He’d almost done it, almost called out when Jack had turned away, almost asked for the favor. But.
Dean leaned forward and gripped the worn wood of the porch railing until the edges cut his palms and gave him something to focus on, but it didn’t work.
“Seriously, man. You don’t want to walk away?” Sam asked, and the desperation hiding in his voice made Dean, for a moment, wish that he could want it. If only for Sam, he wished he could want it. He wet his lips with beer before setting down the bottle and crossing his arms. The beam behind him wasn’t comfortable, but it was sturdy and it held his weight well.
Dean sighed and shoved his hands in his pockets to grab for his keys so that Sam wouldn’t see the way they trembled. He wasn’t ready to talk about it, wasn’t sure he would ever be ready to talk about it, and no amount of pushing from Sam would change that. He needed time, he needed sleep. He needed to somehow find a way to come to grips with the fact that Cas had—
He deserved the bitch face, he knew he did, but false bravado was all he had left at this point and he’d be damned (again) before he gave it up.
Things would never be as good as them seemed, he knew that. Sam knew that. Dean could go a decade of peace and still feel the need to ward everything, to scout out the dark, to go bump first before anything else could. He may have acknowledged that a killer wasn’t who he was
Dean’s hands tightened on the warm steering wheel, drew strength from the feel of the road buzzing underneath his fingers. And Sam stayed silent, stayed staring out the window, only the shift of tension in his body to let Dean know he was listening.
“What’s up, Sammy? Not havin’ second thoughts about your girl there, are you? Bit late in the game for that.”
Dean risked a glance at Sam to gauge his reaction and found him staring off to the side, bottle to his lips. He almost mirrored the action, but his fingers had begun to shake and keeping them hidden beneath his arms was safer.
“Will you still be here if I do?” Sam asked, feet shuffling torn as he was between the paths lain out before him.
Let it be known that Dean Winchester opened the door to the Impala, turned the key in the ignition, and drove.
Dean closed his eyes against the incoming questions, like if he couldn’t see them then they weren’t real. But that logic didn’t apply to the monster under the bed, so why would it work now?
The clink of the bottles felt a little empty, the liquid too dry on his tongue, but he still meant the sentiment. Dean could still feel the ache in his fingers from carving the names into the table, names that he wasn’t too sure what to do with, except for knowing they belonged there.
He’d hoped, of course, that Jack would snap his fingers and Castiel would appear before them. He’d hoped that his phone would ring, and that this time it wouldn’t be a sadistic God pulling the strings for his own amusement. He’d hoped for a miracle.
That in the silence he still didn’t hear hells screams, and now without a buffer of wings to shield him from it.
Dean shook his head and ground his teeth; his empty bottle no longer able to let him stall. Instead he sighs and lays it out there. “You’re not, Sam. Not this time. You’re gonna go back inside with your girl and be free. And I’m gonna figure out what happens next.”
The smile Dean gave Sam was just as genuine, and Sam obviously didn’t know what to do with it. A sad reality of his existence: Dean Winchester smiling was enough to cause suspicion.
I feel like it should be said that I've never written for this fandom before, and I'm nervous as all hell about it. For the record. I've been a fan for 15 years but never felt the need to write my own stuff until all of this went down, so go easy on me. That said, I accept kind criticism, so if I'm messing shit up just let me know.
“It doesn’t matter, just know that it can happen, alright? So either this Empty is gonna turn benevolent and not do anything at all—which I doubt ‘cause this thing is one twisted fuck, or at the very least we’re gonna have an influx of things that go bump in the night, many of which have some pretty good reasons to hate us.”
He shuts his eyes. Pulls his focus down to just this, the upper lefthand side of his body. Feels the weight of Dean's head, the unyielding shape of his skull, the softness of his cheek. Cas turns his head towards him, just to better assess the situation. Not at all to feel the soft tickle of Dean’s hair against his nose and lips. That’s just an... accidental consequence.
They would never dry enough just hanging in the stagnant air of the motel room all night. Cas picked up the ancient blowdryer and turned it on, then immediately turned it off when the smell of burnt hair and hot plastic hit his nose. He examined the appliance.
.” Dean said, returning with a large plastic sack full of dirt. He dropped it onto the ground in front of Cas with a
“Just fucking hug me.” Cas muttered from somewhere around his shoulder, and the grumpy petulance was more familiar ground. Dean looped his arms around Cas’ lean torso and
“Yeah, it varies day to day with her.” Dean said. Nettled, Cas went to tuck this egg into the apron but stopped with a little pang of surprise.
“Sorry, dear, just scarfing dinner.” She said, balling up the napkin and tugging the front of her vest straighter. It had several birdhouses and a white picket fence on the front, along with what could only be described as an outbreak of flowers.
Cas raised his stony expression to the middle distance. Clenching his jaw, he bent over the task of dry-brushing the eggs clean. The screen door squeaked open and several empty cardboard egg cartons landed on the bench seat next to him.
“So you bothered to turn off the tv before falling asleep but you couldn’t be bothered to move to your bed?”
The short hair over Dean's ear is mussed from the way he was slumped like a grumpy turtle past the collars of his shirt and jacket. Delicate, Cas brushes it right again.
Clementine stood waiting, the low milking stool and two pails sitting nearby. Dean slapped her rump on the way past her, grabbing a red plastic bucket which he handed to Cas.
was the first thing he noticed, thicker and richer and fuller-bodied than any milk he’d ever tasted. He stared at the cup in surprise.
Castiel smoothed his hand down the placket of his button-down, lifting his chin a fraction and setting his shoulders. He tried to avoid assumptions about the people he was to meet and charm the land away from, but he’d dealt with enough farmers by now to have built a sort of generalized expectation of what was approaching him. It was likely someone sort of squared-off, stone-ground, compact; middle-aged and definitely starting to show it. It was likely someone with wind-chapped rough skin, hooded eyes from years of heavy squinting, and a thin mouth set into a suspicious frown.
. Cas pressed closer, his hand sinking into the mattress next to Dean's hip, and Dean could feel the heat of his flushed cheeks and his shoulder where it pressed against his, the cool where they still
“There we go, sweetheart.” Dean said gently, petting down her nose. Behind him, the lightening sky was shifting into a pale lavender, and it made Dean’s private little smile look even softer.
Dean dropped onto his couch and put his feet up, cracking open the beer. Man, if Cas he thought he was feelin' sore
the wheels turning, some unknown plot beginning to form behind that freckled brow. Without quite knowing why, Castiel mentally reviewed the nearest exits.
It clucked at him in annoyance and fluffed its wings, but it went in the direction of the paddock and didn’t try to fly into his face. Castiel wasn’t sure what he was going to do once he reached the fence. Was he going to have to pick this thing up and chuck it over? He didn’t want to touch it. Where was the gate? If he opened the gate, would the
“Gotta get this done quick, Jo’s always bright ’n’ early to pick up the Harvelle haul.” He said, opening the door.
“Good answer.” Dean glanced at him from over his shoulder, blue flame licking at the flat bottom of the skillet. “Park it a minute. You’re gonna need the energy.”
“What, the mint?” Dean said, leaning back in the chair opposite and wiping at his upper lip. His lemonade was already half gone. “Try it.”
Dubious, Castiel stepped closer. The five-by-three grid of nesting boxes was raised off of the ground like a cube bookshelf on stilts. Each cubby had a lip that kept the straw lining from spilling out, which the surly forms of the birds hunkered down behind as he got closer. Each row had a railing that jutted from the boxes like a long drawer pull.
Like that morning there were five pails of milk to take up to the house, the goat milk set aside and waiting for them at the back of the barn. Dean must’ve milked them before he’d come to get Cas. He’d probably seen that he wasn’t done with the duck shit yet.
him. If, ultimately, Heaven’s Gate had to take his farm away from him, then he’d be damned if he wasn’t gonna take something away from
it.” He emphasizes the last sentence by throwing the car into park, all seventeen feet of shiny black metal successfully hidden behind a bank of tall, scraggly shrubs off the shoulder of the road. Dean kills the engine and the early summer evening rises to fill the silence with the musical stylings of several hundred crickets.
“Very perceptive.” Castiel agreed, sitting up straighter and opening the folder between them on the table. Dean dropped his chair back onto all four legs.
, driving a bulldozer instead of that wussy little Prius. Man, if that jackass rep was trying to play him somehow, boy was he gonna
“It exhibits a charitable spirit. An open mind. Willingness to bend rules and venture outside the box in the interest of the client. It demonstrates a personal touch. What other development company would go these extra miles?”
When Sam returns, approaching the Impala with caution, he finds his brother asleep with his angel hugged against him like a large, man-shaped teddy bear. Cas glances up, clocking the motion of Sam leaning over to peer through the driver’s window, and there’s a smile on his face that Sam’s never seen on him before.
Dean took another swig from his borderline-lukewarm beer. The television set across the room was turned way down, but he could still hear the obnoxious tv-host commentary from Times Square. He rolled his eyes and turned the volume all the way down as yet another over-performed pop song began, all flash and empty lyrics. Dropping his head, he absently touched cool fingers to the stinging seam across the back of his head.
“Yes, I can see where Dean makes a valid point: the need for that apple pie life, his love of a warm beverage and pecan pie. Even his foil is the love interest’s brother, Gabriel. A case of life imitating art, right dear?”
“I know Chuck! He’s down by Jack Lyle Park. Oh! Cas, you could ask the Allied Arts Guild if they want to help with the exhibit!” Charlie lets out an unrestrained squeal of delight that has Anson clapping and laughing along with her. In the face of her elation, Castiel lets go of his discomfort and decides to embrace the turn of conversation.
The hell hound’s breath is sticky-hot on the back of Sam’s neck. It’s here for the man who’s shut up in his house. Sam though is out in the brightly lit yard – one of those neighborhoods that go all out during the holidays. He’s suddenly thankful for the garish decorations: the lights provide enough glow to see at the late hour and the blanket of snow let him track the hound’s pawprints. They’re close when the thing lunges and Sam grabs the nearest decoration – a plastic Ebenezer Scrooge – to jam in the beast’s maw before ganking it with the Colt.
“Thanks, man,” she drawls when he raises up, and with two words, Dean knows he must hear her sing. Her voice is raspy, something caught between blues and folk, and he’s already picked two dozen songs for her when he realizes he’s creeping himself out with his own inner monologue.
Today, when he spots her yellow windbreaker on the platform, he's ready, strumming sneaky chords as she snakes her way to him and sliding into a fully-fledged pop song once she gets to the case, each note punctuated by her footsteps. The look on her face is priceless, and Dean glances up and realizes he's gotten a two-for when the girl's mother graces him with a kind smile and a crisp bill on their way to the open-air platform.
“Mornin’,” Dean whispers and he feels a chill racing up and down his spine. Dean rolls onto his back and Cas follows the movement, turning to face Dean fully before kissing him soundly again, without a care for their morning breath.
“You look nice,” he grins, taking in the spiffed-up version Dean has presented: a dark green flannel, buttoned and tucked into camel-colored chinos cuffed over his nicer pair of laced brown boots. The shirt makes his eyes pop, and the amulet rests in the center of his chest, on full display. He takes it into the palm of his hand and it warms instantly to his touch. Dean gives a little shudder and stands up to follow Castiel back to the bedroom.
Dean was of the impression that their first Christmas in the Bunker was cause for celebration. He had called every hunter in Bobby’s contacts and their own to Kansas to spend the holiday season underground.  He and Sam had laundered every bedspread and pillowcase, eagerly awaiting their guests’ arrival.
“Right. I read about that, too,” he gives Dean a coy tilt of his lips. An invitation. “So, it’s all true then?”
"Hey man, you might want to go through the kitchen to get to the library," Sam tells Castiel with a conspiratorial wink.
, Dean. And that night, I couldn’t get you out of my head. I came up with the idea of this exhibit because of you. With the…bards, uh, buskers.”
He spends the walk from the coffee shop to the transit station rehearsing what he’ll say to the flannel-clad man, suddenly more nervous than excited. The crowd at the platform does not part for him, but he still catches a quick glimpse of eyes he knows are green in the distance. As he approaches, the song the man plays wafts out to meet him, and it is beautiful. Different from the day before, it catches Castiel’s ear, and he already knows Anael will tease him for humming it all day. No one around him seems as captivated as he is, either too busy or hurried to stop and listen.
This was all discovered, of course, after the Zeddmore patriarch was found at the foot of the stairs, covered in water and feathers plucked from Maggie’s craft kit. Ed was grounded (but still opened presents Christmas day).
The man’s mouth tilts up and he takes the card to look it over briefly, before holding Castiel’s gaze once more. “Sure, man. What’s it about?” he asks and looks at Castiel expectantly, warm and open, like he’s hung the moon.
The north star used to be a waypoint for Dean, but ever since Chuck went and fucked everything, Dean thinks the star might be mocking him instead.
“I’m glad to hear he’s playing again,” he says, quiet and genuine and it’s worth it to see Dean’s entire face radiating happiness.
Dean leaves the museum and when Castiel turns back to the elevator bank to return to his office, he sees Anael there with a small smile on her face, shaking her head at him. He has no idea what she means because when he asks what the matter is, she supplies, “Nothing at all,” and joins him in the workroom without another word.
Castiel lets his mind wander to the day ahead, pocketing the change from his coffee order and making his way to the bus station, anticipation making him drag is feet. He truly loves his archivist job: it’s behind the scenes, and he gets to brag about the folk art museum's collection on its social media sites. He rarely makes public appearances except when new exhibits open. Recently though, he’s been pulled into a maddening quest for a new exhibit that he simply can’t wrap his head around, no matter how many times he reviews his colleague’s notes.
Chuck gasps beside him at the sight and murmurs, “May I?” Quiet as a church mouse. Dean nods and tries not to let his fear show at someone besides him touching this last connection to his parents. Castiel has stepped closer to them, and places a gentle hand on Dean’s right shoulder, calming his frayed nerves.
The waitress has dropped off two glasses of water and the menus when Castiel walks in a few minutes after noon with a green file folder tucked under his arm. He scans the room, his eyes lighting on Dean and suddenly they're both standing, shaking hands, and Dean feels a little spark of emotion race through him. He's reminded of the rush he felt when he first noticed the man before him, and he realizes suddenly that their handshake has gone on far too long. Castiel hasn’t let go either. It seems they’re both equally nervous. The waitress moves past them to get behind the counter with her notepad and gives them a sly look which finally seems to break their connection. Castiel takes a step back and pulls out his chair.
Just before Dean has to leave for a lesson, Kaia, a cognitive science major at Stanford, joins the small crowd of people gathered around them. He watches Claire feel the girl’s presence, opening her eyes and homing in on her. Kaia beams back, a smile radiant on her face. Dean tries to keep up as the ukulele’s notes change into something dream-like and a little haunting, a testament to Claire’s musicality. Dean lets his guitar fade out on the next eight counts and lets Claire play on for Kaia.
Dean takes a deep breath, finishes his water and looks into Castiel’s eyes, “Family band,” he starts and Castiel’s eyebrows raise in surprise. “I know, it sounds cheesy or whatever, but that’s how my mom and dad met, playing each other songs.  Mom always said dad won her over cause he knew every word to every Led Zeppelin song.”
“I’ll email you the video clip I took. She’s on Instagram,” Anael answers, tapping on her phone screen.  Castiel’s inbox pings with a new email, and he is suddenly relieved to know he can reach out to her online. Perhaps later this week, after his meeting with Dean. He thanks Anael for her message and the pair work in relative silence through the morning. Anael makes good progress on her restorations and Castiel digs through Charlie’s notes, finalizing a list of questions for Dean.
The boy grabs for the goodie, and plops down on his rear end right beside Dean’s legs, and sucks on the corner of the tortilla chip. Dean reaches down to ruffle the boy’s hair and offers a second chip dipped in queso. Anson drops the first to the tiled floor and eats all the dip off the chip, smearing his mouth and hands with cheese sauce. They catch eyes when Dean raises up and get stuck for a moment staring at one another until Charlie bumps Dean’s hip with her own and they each grab a bowl to take to the dining room table.  Gilda sits down and reaches for the
On their way back, lunch in tow, they sidestep a young woman strumming a bright green ukulele, its small case set open in front of a slouchy backpack with patches sewn into it. It reminds Castiel of the quilt despite the lack of finesse. A small handwritten sign propped against the case asks for donations and gives a social media handle: @claireukes.  Anael digs into her Hermes coin purse and pulls out her phone and a few bills, depositing them into the guitar case and taking a quick video clip while the girl plays on with her eyes closed to the world around her. She hums counter to her strumming and Castiel finds himself smiling, remembering the man from the transit station with his rich voice and kind smile. He gives the girl the change from his lunch order and they carry on to the museum, humming the girl's song while they eat their cold cuts.
Dean has, until recently, been happy with his nomadic lifestyle. A new place every couple of weeks, leaving his mark in small towns and big cities alike. During their last weekly call though, Sam had insisted that Dean join him in California, set up shop in the open-air transit station where street performers were welcome without the stigma of roadside buskers. It was a good spot, too. Tucked against a wall covered in mosaic glass depicting the ocean waves. Dean sits on his folding stool, guitar case laid open at his feet, adorned with photos of his mother and father when they had first started performing together in the early seventies. Mary Winchester’s golden hair in a wild mop, tamed only by the flower crown she wore, barefoot and strumming the guitar Dean now held, and John, in loose jeans and dark hair, only had eyes for his new bride, the laugh lines cut deep into his face already.
"I'll see you soon Dean and yes we should definitely go out some time" with that Cas, Gabe and Sam leave as Dean starts to doze off
"brother in-law, I'm married to Dean's brother" Gabe says in haste. The lady tells them which room Dean is in and that visiting hours will be ending soon. She may have smiled when saying that, but they sensed that she's not the type of woman you bullshit.
"Male mid 30s early 40s, accident the guy ran a red light, has a concussion, broken wrist on his left hand, broken tibia and femur on the right leg and a broken ankle on his right leg. His bp is 180/60 and heart rate is 121. The doctors took Dean to be treated and Cas and his team went back to the ambulance. Castiel was quite concerned about the man, he's never felt this way about a patient but the man is quite attractive any person with half an eyeball could see that. He wonders if he's into men.
Dean hadn’t come to meet him so Castiel headed back out towards the barn, rolling up the sleeves of his white dress shirt. The gravel crunched and shifted under the smooth soles of his shoes. He moved into the grass.
The sun was beaming in through the barn door at the front, honey-yellow and intense and nearly blinding every time it caught him sideways in the eye. He forked through hay until his hands started to feel stiff and raw. He stabbed and lifted and dumped and prodded in the widening rays of baking sunlight, unpleasantly aware of exactly
Dean rolled his eyes with a heavy sigh that he had absolutely no right to give in the situation, hauling Cas further up the couch with a lift of his hips and a tug of the arm he had around his body. Cas resettled from the jostling to discover Dean’s face right below his, barely two inches away.
ladies, Jolene and Dolly.” Dean said, pointing to each in turn, and then patted the smaller pig that was standing between his legs. It was pink and had normal ears, more like what first came to mind when Cas thought of pigs. “And
Cas answered by detonating a green party popper at him reproachfully. When Dean blinked open his eyes, a shred of pink streamer stayed, tangled in his eyelashes. He tried to blow it loose with a puff of air. Cas smiled and brushed the pad of his thumb softly over Dean's eyelid, skimming his lashes, the top of his cheek. When Dean looked at him again, Cas' eyes were following the starry scatter of freckles along his cheek, up to his hairline, down past his nose. His cheeks were still slightly drink-pink. It made his blue eyes look brighter.
“Nope, this jackass is tryin’a earn the farm out from under me. Works for some suburban developer. What was it? Hell’s Bells?”
Something small and solid hit him in the chest and Cas flailed in alarm, collapsing gracelessly into the grass. He had just enough time to realize that the
The neon “NO” is hidden behind an overgrown shrub, so Dean pulls the Impala into the motel parking lot before they can see that it is, in fact, lit.
Except if Dean woke up to find them like this, it wouldn’t be all smiles and endearments. It would be a panicked scramble to disentangle, a cleared throat, an escape to the bathroom. Then, when he emerged, they wouldn’t talk about it. He’d be gruffer with Cas, all careful distance and back slaps, and he might not even hug Cas goodbye when he went to leave, despite the fact that they always did. Cas didn’t want that. So he was going to absorb this moment like the dried-up, cracking sponge he was, and then he was going to pull away. Any second now.
The effect is immediate. The uncomfortable pinch between Dean's brows smooths away and he takes a deep, slow breath, settling against his new pillow and sinking into an easier sleep.
The sun hadn’t even started rising yet. The horizon was just a band of pale grey, and when he passed underneath the metal archway that marked the entrance, peering up at the cut-out letters that read
Dean grabbed two empty boxes that were waiting in the cargo bed and tossed them at Cas without warning.
Dean dropped his arm and looked up at Cas with his eyebrows pinched into tildes. “Really? Bit rusty in the imagination department there, Agent Smith.”
“I am still in the process of acquiring. Mr. Winchester has made an unorthodox counteroffer that I believe we should consider.”
But the guy just kept pushing on, that blue fire in his eyes, his jaw set in stubborn determination.
Cas unrolled the soft tube. A pair of worn leather gloves fell out of what appeared to be a flannel shirt… but there was something terribly wrong about it. He held it up and turned it, trying to figure out how he was supposed to wear it. The sleeves were just long, thin strips and the body was too short, and even
The peeling paint of the porch chipped under Castiel’s shoes as he shuffled up to the front door, peering into the house beyond. His toe kicked the crooked welcome mat and he tapped it straight against the jamb, reading it and then rereading it with a squint and a slight tilt to his head.
Dean’s fingertips grazed the edge of his phone in his jeans pocket. He pulled it out, tapping it against his palm and chewing at his lip. He turned the phone right-side up and dialed.
yesterday afternoon meant there was a lot left to do and little time to do it, so fair warning, there might be a few broken eggs. So it goes.” He indicated the nearest chicken with a flick of his eyes. Castiel recognized the amber feathers and blue lace of the one that had untied his shoe yesterday.
He hadn’t been impressed when Castiel first showed up on his lawn, all crisp navy suit and ridiculous name and folder full of bullshit. It had been satisfying, almost
to make him lose his own head enough to agree to what he did, and even convince his boss to let him do it. With enough distance now from the raw magnetism of Dean Winchester, he heard nothing but the agitated voice from earlier,
“…Alright.” Zachariah finally said, and Castiel let his eyes fall closed, uncertain if it was in relief or in horror. “Draw up the new contract.
The clock on the Prius dashboard read 6:29AM when Castiel turned onto the long gravel drive of Winchester Farm.
After soaking in the frigid bath until the water turned lukewarm, he used up the rest of the little shampoo bottle scrubbing his ruined clothes in a few inches of water at the bottom of the tub. His knees protested the bathroom floor until he thought to kneel on a folded towel. The water was brown by the time he drained it, and there were still grass- and leaf-stains left on the white shirt. Cas gave the clothes one last rinse and wrung them out, hanging them from the shower curtain rod.
But the man that emerged from the gateway, slapping a pair of gardening gloves from his hands to tuck under his arm in echo to the folder under Castiel’s, was
A car trunk closed and Cas glanced past his toast to find Dean standing in the yard with a rather rough-hewn gentleman that looked old enough to be Dean’s father. Dean had his hand on the trunk of the man’s dusty old car, chatting in a familiar way that told Cas they were close, if not
Dean snorted and reached for the gate. There was no fencing in the road this time, and the cow wasn’t on any sort of tether. She simply let Dean lead her into the paddock like an elderly woman grateful for the help crossing the road.
Cas slid into the tub in stages, hissing as the cold water made him want to crawl up onto his own shoulders but then settling in up to his chin and shutting his eyes. His teeth chattered, sending little ripples out from his jaw.
“It’s lonely.” Cas admitted, a tiny thing almost lost in the space between them. Dean forgot his tight stomach to the horrible sensation of his heart cracking. Cas was quick to keep talking, as if he could bury the confession if he babbled enough.
that was so loud between them. He thought about rolled sleeves and freckled arms, knee-clutching laughter, and a calloused thumb absently wiping a streak of sunscreen from the back of Castiel’s neck, where he couldn’t see.
Castiel followed Dean to the back porch of the farmhouse, not at all distracted by the tight stretch of his t-shirt across his shoulder blades or the sway of his bandy gait. Dean held the door and gestured him inside, and Castiel ducked gratefully into the cool air of the kitchen.
"You. Uh." He says eloquently, and his tongue darts out in a nervous motion. This makes his lips impossible to ignore, shiny and wet in the moonlight.
He startled at the sudden booming chime of a grandfather clock coming from inside the house. He could see nothing but a wallpapered hallway beyond the screen door, opening onto what looked like a large kitchen at the back. The almost-nothing breeze brushed past him, whispering down the hallway and out into the backyard by way of another screen door in the kitchen. For a moment, Castiel entertained the strange idea that the house was trying to pull him in.
Dean shrugged. “You always talked about what you were working on at your internship. Like it was all you had time to do.”
Cas stepped closer. Clementine craned towards the bucket, eager. There was no way he was going to get out of this
"Is there a restroom I might partake in, or should I find a dead patch of grass somewhere to water."
, and the window of opportunity was closing. He grabbed the front of Cas' shirt and pulled him in against his mouth.
Dean’s shoulders shove up under his ears. “You turn eyes like that on some innocent girl she’s gonna up and devote her entire life to you, Cas, I’m just letting you know you gotta tone it down!”
of drying off in the sun, though. That wet shirt had left very little to the imagination. There was no call for a land-stealing corporate puppet to be that
to garner leniency when the damn land-grab pitch wasn’t going well? What if Dean had been dealing with a very
Anyway, it would be two weeks of something completely different, Castiel thought as he brushed his teeth. Fresh air and sun, surrounded by all that beautiful green.
He could feel springs underneath himself and vaguely wondered how old that made this mattress, then decided that wasn’t a productive line of thinking if he planned to get any sort of sleep here. Pulling his tie loose, he turned his head to look at the briefcase beside him, still open like a boxy leather mouth yawning. The contract was with his laptop, poking upside-down from the top of the padded pocket. He could see the full, round swoops of the D and the W in Dean’s signature, like a damn work of art next to Castiel’s sharper, more succinct handwriting. He stared at the name until it blurred out of focus.
“That looks like some hard thinkin’ for such an early hour.” Dean said, his voice rumbling through Cas’ hand and cheek. His thumb stroked absently at Cas’ shoulder. He wondered if Dean even knew he was doing it.
Cas turns his head further so he's not just looking at Sam out of his periphery. There's nothing accusatory in Sam's tone, quiet as it is, or in his posture, cramped as it may be. He looks back at Cas with nothing but the same easy camaraderie he's always shown him, like they're discussing a good book or the lovely weather, not a complete paradigm shift.
It rang for so long that Dean was sure he was going to get kicked to voicemail before the line finally clicked through.
, and the verdant life outside the farmhouse windows? Why did it suddenly feel like, horribly, he wasn’t
Still in his shepherding crouch and looking for any sign of a gate, Castiel abruptly realized he was almost eye-to-eye with a goat. It watched him from between the fence rails, all rectangular pupils and amber eyes. One of its long ears twitched.
“Huh.” Dean muttered something else that Cas didn’t catch. He didn’t ask, figuring he was probably better off not knowing.
“Damn it.” Cas said quietly. Then, stronger, “No, I’m sorry. I’m fine, I shouldn’t have called you. Disregard this. I...”
“You’re telling me the marketing team wouldn’t have a field day spinning something like this in our favor?”
how we get this land, Zachariah. It’s unconventional, but I’m confident that I can secure this farm.”
had one man rattled him so easily, when Castiel had built his entire reputation on being unshakable? He rubbed his hands down his face in frustration. Dean
Something landed on his shoulder, startling him from a light doze. A Wendy's commercial was playing on the television, movie end credits squished and rushed on the bottom half of the screen.
When they left the henhouse, Cas’ egg apron was almost full: a patchwork collection of whites, creams, muted blues, sage greens, tans and dark browns looked up at him from all the little pockets. Strangely, it made him want to smile. Instead, he frowned at the reddened skin of his arm where he’d taken the brunt of several beaks.
Past the motel divider wall, their shapes pale and shadowed by the flickering light of the television, two figures were sitting at the end of the bed, turned towards each other.
amount of money to vacate the property, but no matter what angle you try, you’re just gonna hear the same thing back, over and over. And that’s
empty-handed? He’d be fired in disgrace, left even more lonely and destitute than he already was, and then Heaven’s Gate would just send someone else in to sweep the farm out from under Dean’s feet. He didn’t have a
?” He muttered, digging his cell phone from the interior pocket of his suit coat and scrolling through his recent calls. He didn’t have to scroll far. It wasn’t like he had many friends, or much of a life outside of this damn job.
“Yuh-huh.” Dean said, unconvinced. “And I’m not talking money. I’m talking blood, sweat, and tears.”
Dean just huffed in amusement, patting Clementine’s flank with several hearty slaps. “That she is. You should see her on field trip days.” He paused. “You
Dean absently accepted the empty mason jar when Cas pressed it towards him. "Uh, yeah. Past the kitchen and down the hall, across from the laundry."
There was sweat beaded on his temples, actual physical drops of sweat. His hair looked wet with it. His white shirt was a
“Cas, meet the girls. Most of them, anyway.” He said, glancing out into the run where some of the chickens were already up and about.
“Got any dietary restrictions? Allergies? Bogus preferences?” Dean was asking, the skillet sounding heavy when he set it on the stovetop.
“I mean I’m more like her babysitter, not her owner.” Dean said, swinging back over the fence and dropping onto the grass. “Wilma belongs to this kid in town, Jack. He comes out to visit her, maintain her stall, look after her. Part of the 4-H program.”
It was starting to sink in that he was going to have to get up at the crack of dawn tomorrow and drive back out to the farm, drive back out to
not with the way that Cas seemed to enjoy his cooking. Dean had been watching out of the corner of his eye while Cas
Cas was an hour and a half away by car, in the dull little apartment they used to share, even duller now with half as much stuff. As much as Cas used to tease Dean about them, the Indiana Jones posters were a marked improvement to the naked expanse of scratched off-white paint, walls that Dean knew Cas hadn’t bothered to redecorate. It had been two months since Dean moved out to follow a job opportunity, into a tiny one-bedroom that was all he could afford, still just standing with a foot in the door and not really climbing any ladders yet. Two months since leaving Cas all alone.
Castiel took a step back to glance out the glass door of the motel office. The small parking lot was next to empty save for his rental car, a rusty pickup truck, and a blue Dodge Neon that was parked right outside the office door. The faded sign suction-cupped to the window was flipped to say “OPEN”, and there was nothing on the desk that indicated someone had been here and would return shortly. The ancient desktop computer sat dark.
Dean shut the kitchen door on the backyard, the porch light barely reaching all the way out to the raised beds. He was really proud of that duck manure idea. That had been fucking
But Sam’s already unfolding out into the night air, the car rocking as his weight shifts. The crickets are suddenly much louder, invading their little bubble of quiet. In Cas’ lap, Dean twitches.
? The fuckin’ development company would just send in some new schmuck with a folder, and that one wouldn’t be as easy on the eyes, that one might
"Thought we had you house trained." Dean said, and stretched his legs out lazily, crossing his ankles in Cas' lap. Cas didn't look away from his disinterested channel grazing.
“Don’t ask.” Cas said, and had to use the side of the raised bed to push himself back to his feet. He stumbled, squeezing his eyes shut against the sudden violent rush of light-headedness, his vision going white and his ears ringing. His legs were numb and he didn’t know when they’d gone to sleep.
