Sherlock scoffed but was granted a glare. He continued. “I wanted you to have your tumor taken out as soon as possible and I thought once you were better then I could come back to you for good. But then you signed the DNR and I thought…if
Thank you all of you who commented, they encourage me greatly. Please comment and let me know what you think of this chapter, as things start to get more shocking; also let me know if anything is confusing, I found that even I was confused a bit before I edited it so please let me know.
Trying to remain calm, he breathed deeply through his nose and looked up at Sherlock. The detective revealed no emotion, but John knew better that he was hiding everything he felt beneath that mechanical façade.
John refused to look at him. “You depended on Victor,” John clarified just as coldly. “You couldn’t even be here for me without needing another person. You couldn’t just wait. And then you left. Does he follow you on cases too now? He would be a decent choice; he’s fit and tall—taller than you, even—hell, he’s even good to look at.”
The cold water wrapped around him to the bone; his injured shoulder throbbed as he stroked down into the depths, but he ignored it again. John needed him.
uncanny the waiter was; he only had prominent cheekbones and curly hair to show for it. That had been all to set John off, and end him up here in a cell at Scotland Yard for the rest of the night.
“But what about you? What will you do when your withdrawal symptoms become too severe to ignore. And when John notices? He
I hope Victor is made out to be a conflicting character, with tiny manipulation tactics and a genuine caring character as his appearance/mask/outside person (?) (so far...) I had trouble with him, so if there's anything I could improve on for 'original' characters, let me know. (not lists of things I could do better, just a little tweak here and there).
He left with a cheerful smile, and then Sherlock was provided with a clean set of scrubs and a temporary chair before being left alone with Mycroft.
Kim straightened in her seat. “I do. But it seems Mary’s is a falter. It sounds like it’s been edited.”
“She called your phone. I don’t know why, mine’s working perfectly fine. The tests results are done, and clean. There’s nothing in Ellis’ food or medication that Florence would have consumed to explain her symptoms.
Sherlock didn’t respond. Instead, he slowly reached his hand closer to John’s, and tentatively took the other man’s hand into his own. John grinned at him, and was granted one in return.
“His body is positioned in a way that suggests he was facing the door when he was attacked. So whoever attacked him had entered, most likely he was invited in, although he could have broke in through the front door, then that suggests he would be an amateur.”
He turned to Molly, who was avoiding his gaze, but he could tell she wanted to cry. Mrs. Hudson was next to her, putting on a comforting smile yet it was strained. He faced the doctor, and raised his eyebrows, silently asking what was wrong.
Sighing, Sherlock turned around and faced the wall on this right; he had brought everything he had on the case and taped it to the wall, well away from the rack that had bags and tubes hanging from so it’d be easy access to give John whatever fluids he needed.
John looked at Sherlock, but Sherlock kept his eyes on the street. He remained silent for a minute before breaking Sherlock’s thoughts.
“John met Stan back in Kandahar, where Stan was part of a team of agents. They were attacked, and then were taken to the hospital where John was located. That’s the connection.”
Below, surrounded by people of his homeless network, the consulting detective laid as still as possible, after placing the rubber ball under his arm. Time seemed to slow down, but eventually, he heard John’s voice breaking in the distance.
“The team is in place, but they lost sight of Sherlock. There was an explosion in the yard, but are awaiting your orders, sir.”
John pried further on, puffing out an empty laugh as he went. “Now we’re just throwing claims at each other. They don’t mean anything. They’re just empty threats…empty claims with not truth to them. And you haven’t even said anything that I haven’t heard before. He already told me, quite recently actually. So you don’t have anything to use now do you?”
John was sitting on the bumper of the ambulance as a paramedic hovered nearby, applying thin gauze to his forehead and cheek; his fists and knuckles were also bruised. Sherlock rushed towards him however froze in his step as an icy glare pierced through his stride. John was furious.
Sherlock relaxed, and just as he thought, sudden pain shot through his body, originating from his shoulder. “God yes, John! It’s me. It’s really me.”
The shallow, whimpering breaths he heard coming from John were all it took to shatter the remaining pieces of Sherlock’s apparent heart into mere dust.
John stood behind him and gently grasped his shoulder and tried to turn him around. “You look sick. Let me check your temperature, you may have a fever.”
“John,” Mycroft interrupted. “You are being transferred to the Avalon Gardens Rehabilitation Asylum.”
Sherlock was facing him, his face nearly touching John’s. Everyone around them seemed to fade, and bright lights illuminated Sherlock’s head.
Sherlock leaned away, biting his lip. John only caught a glimpse of the expression, but enough of it. He leaned away too, hardening his gaze.
“Then why are we fighting?” Sherlock bellowed as he threw his arms in the air. “Prove it to me! Show me!”
“It’s likely. It may not have damaged it that much, but the constant state of being under this influence was enough to fool anyone—well, almost,” Sherlock added with a light smirk. John kept his brows furrowed and reached a hand over, attempting to feel Sherlock’s forehead. He grazed it, only for Sherlock to pull back.
John settled back in his seat and his smile faltered slightly. “Oh, but first, we need to run to the shop.” Sherlock sighed, and John grinned wider. He felt utterly lighter, and couldn’t wait to put this whole ordeal behind them. He was unaware of the fact that things were going to get a lot worse.
Sherlock walked in slowly into the hospital room. The lights were dim; the room was filled with an eerie silence interrupted every time John’s heart pulsed in his chest.
“That’s not it.” Sherlock interrupted with another snap. “I was tracking Moran back to London. And then I caught sight of you and…it was all telling. It was obvious that you were struggling and sick with something. The medical tests just confirmed it.”
Feeling unnerved, John pulled out his phone and called their usual order before striding to the sofa and sitting on the edge by Sherlock’s legs. He ran a hand down the man’s thigh, startling him awake.
John swallowed tightly, and glanced at Sherlock, but was taken aback. Sherlock was staring at him like he did when he was put out—like his usual self. John instantly relaxed with the familiar expression, but wasn’t expecting the tone that followed.
Moran seemed to ponder this for a moment. “I see… well, then I’ll make a few calls, talk to the President, and see if he can clear things up with the Prime Minister.”
The machine echoed with alarms as different numbers turned red and emergent. John’s eyes remained closed, and he didn’t respond to any of Sherlock or Grey’s calls.
At the sudden change in the detective’s tone, John leaned back and beamed at the detective. He inhaled sharply, his eyes dilating greater than they were a second ago. “Next time huh?” He merely repeated.
“Damn. Bag him, start compressions, and begin a central line of warm fluids. He can’t have surgery until his heart beats on its own and he is warm.”
“Alright I know where this is going. You’re just trying to disengage yourself from any emotions or sentiment so you could win. That’s it, that’s why. But Sherlock, you need to stopping lying to yourself and just admit that someone out there—or perhaps right in front of you—loves you with all his heart! How can
They arrived home by the time it was past noon, and John slowly led Sherlock into his chair. He hung up their coats, turned the kettle on, and then gave Sherlock his tea. Sherlock seemed to relax significantly more whenever he had tea. It seemed to comfort him, which John would accept no matter what it was that was doing the comfort; seeing Sherlock relax was in itself a miracle.
They walked down the street and towards their favorite Italian restaurant, their shoulders and hands rubbing against each other. Sherlock pulled the door open, and as John walked in, Angelo immediately seated them in their spot by the window.
John lunged at Sherlock and pushed him hard against the door. He kissed him hard on the lips, and clutched at Sherlock’s side for balance. He swayed and his head throbbed, but he could feel Sherlock and that was preferable at the moment. Sherlock took a moment to collect himself, and then he was kissing John back just as forcefully, holding John upright by the hips and leaning back against the wall for support.
There were only ten steps, and Sherlock’s bedroom was the room closest to the stairs, the door already opened. John walked in and gently placed him down until he was sitting on the bed. He went back to retrieve the second chair, which was the same type as the one downstairs, with handles for pushing and large wheels. The two they had weren’t ideal for Sherlock in his state, but they hadn’t been able to purchase a specific one just yet, so they used the ones from the hospital. He placed the chair in close reach from Sherlock’s bed, and then stepped back.
“Just taking this game to the next level.” John peered around the corner just as Moran stepped behind him and raised his gun to the detective’s head. He took his chance and stepped out, yelling with his commanding voice.
“For keeping up with you.” John looked at Sherlock and his expression softened. “And the fourth one. It’s looks like the cheetah one but not as angled.
Sherlock eyed him as he tucked into his dinner. He realized he needed to set the record straight before anything was assumed.
John nodded. “I want you to take a case. A short one, an old one, I don’t care. Take the case while I’m at my appointment.”
“Happy birthday,” John said, his voice firm, until the last syllable threatened his composure. He scoffed again, and shook his head.
Lestrade began heading the opposite direction, calling over his shoulder. “Right. These are odd names—seems like they were from fairytales…”
John shivered as Sherlock laid him down. Sherlock pulled the sheet over his body and felt his forehead. He was slightly warm. Sherlock sat on the edge of the bed and hung his head. Quietly, his body shook as silent sobs made their way out of his throat. He inhaled deeply, but couldn’t calm himself. Tears followed suit. He wiped his eyes and contemplated what to do next when a hand touches his back softly.
Pounding footsteps interrupted the brothers as Lestrade barged in, out of breath and pale as a sheet.
“All right,” John said, his voice trembling. He raised his arm up, as if surrendering. Sherlock reached out towards him.
Sherlock eyed him for a moment, and smirked. He took a couple of steps towards his chair, and sat down, handing Molly his crutches.
John’s grin turned smug and he raised his eyebrows as if expecting something. Sherlock grinned and then leaned down and pressed his lips to John’s. The kiss started slow, but then gradually deepened with a longing to be as close as possible. Reluctantly, John pulled away, but kept close enough to feel Sherlock’s nose against his.
Sherlock blinked and straightened up. “Yes, that’s why I came back. Lestrade pointed out the odd names, comparing them to fairytales.”
“I do, Sherlock. I love you. But this can’t continue on because…” John paused again, his voice trembling. “I love you.” He choked out. “But it’s unhealthy Sherlock. It’s like you’re in me—I-I feel like you’re really there, like what I felt whenever you walked into a room when you were alive, but it’s also like you’re a-a d-disease and I can’t think clearly. This isn’t right.” John sniffed and held back the tears threatening to stream down. “I had just begun to move on but now that you’re here again, you’re still not truly here. I wanted this, but it’s too late now. You’re dead and I need to live my life Sherlock.”
John caressed Sherlock’s check with his thumb. “I’m all right. I barely remember what happened, and…it’s in the past. It’s over now.”
Sherlock straightened up and continued. “You fell on your side; your left arm was broken in several places and your left thigh was fractured. You fractured a few ribs, had a punctured lung, and a ruptured spleen. And, there were some glass shards piercing your body; most needed stitches and some have scared, like on your arms. You also sustained trauma to your head, and needed brain surgery.”
“I can feel you. Your skin against mine. I can smell you. Feel your heart beating underneath my hands. You’re here but you’re not. So tell me what the fuck is going on because I’ve just about lost it.”
Sherlock slowly entered John’s room, but then stopped in his tracks as he caught sight of his friend. He was hooked up to so many machines and wires; he looked small and vulnerable amongst a bundle of alabaster blankets. His chest was uncovered, wires attached to stickers that laid over his heart and chest, and a thin bandage tapped over the bullet wound just below his heart. There were small tubes going into his hand and arm, leading up to bags of fluids, some clear and one half full of blood. A nasal cannula ran under his nose, and Sherlock noticed his forehead gleamed with sweat.
He walked into the kitchen and found it empty. He could hear John just starting to come down the stairs, so he turned the kettle on and began rummaging through the morning post Mrs. Hudson had kindly dropped off.
With the single command, John slowly pulled out and then thrusted back in, moaning in pleasure. Sherlock’s hold tightened with every thrust, his moans becoming more vocal.
“That’s why you wanted to come back. You’re about to fall asleep. I can see it in your eyes. They keep flickering, as if you’re l-looking for something to focus on, to keep yourself awake. All for…me,” John finished with another realization, one that made him feel fondness and guilt at the same time.
Margaret ushered Sherlock out with some force and resealed the plastic barrier, just as Dr. Robbins came rushing in.
“You fucking bastard.” John rasped to the other man, his hand weakly tugging on his collar in an attempt to bring him closer. He tugged harder and Sherlock leaned towards him gently. John kept tugging until Sherlock was able to rest his head in the crook of John’s neck.  He brought his other hand and wrapped it around the back of Sherlock’s neck and pulled him impossibly closer. John leaned up just slightly into the awkward embrace as Sherlock raised his arms and rested them gently onto John’s sides.
Sherlock’s lip curled but before he could respond, Lestrade grabbed him by the shoulders and hauled him into the elevator.
John was suddenly grateful Sherlock could deduce. But as he tried processing what Sherlock told him, he couldn’t, and clearly expressed his confusion on his face, in which only caused Sherlock to match his expression.
“Sherlock, do you have any idea how happy I am to see you?” The man grinned slightly, but then his smile fell when Sherlock didn’t lower the gun. “Sherlock?”
“I haven’t planned that far yet—.” Sherlock stopped in his tracks, his flashlight catching on something. He looked up and inhaled sharply. Mary followed his gaze and then gasped, much louder.
“Besides,” Moriarty glanced away and stood up, twirling the now carved apple in his palm. “Falling’s just like flying except there’s a more permanent destination. For the most part at least.”
“I’m just making conversation,” John concluded. “It’s all fine. What we did that night was just…that night. And the kissing, too. Just a one-time thing,” he assured with a small grin.
Sherlock hummed in response and continued looking through the papers. Nothing suggested the connections between Moran and O’Brian’s disappearance and death. It could be a coincidence, nothing more. He needed to speak to Lee when he got back, he was the only one not caught up in this.
John hadn’t been placed in the ambulance yet. He was looking at Sherlock with something…odd in his eyes.
“There’s a weird substance here on the couch. I’ll take a sample—could be something,” a man stated out of nowhere. John’s blush deepened. Sherlock wondered why; John had worn a condom, it would only be his own DNA, perfectly expected in one’s own flat. Sherlock should have cleaned up the mess but it hadn’t occurred to him then—which was another first. What was it about this doctor that caught Sherlock off guard so much to forget his own preferences?
“You’ve been in a coma, John,” he explained softly. John could feel himself getting more frustrated, and he couldn’t fathom why. He was still confused, and the information he was getting was too slow. He nodded his understanding, and twitched his hand in order to signal Sherlock to continue. Sherlock’s eyes flickered to John’s hand, and then slowly sat down with a sigh.
Sherlock wished he could go against John’s word this time, but the man’s insistence, and painful condition he was already in, was hard to cross.
“Let’s try to stand up, shall we?” Vanessa asked. Mandy was beside her and she gently gripped John by the shoulders and attempted to lift him upwards, but John remained firmly in his seat.
John met his eyes, and Sherlock inhaled sharply. John’s eyes were red rimmed and his face was grey and puffy; he had stubble along his jaw, and a small prick on his cheek, bleeding slightly.
“Of course, Sherlock,” John said, his voice sounding as if he was amused at something, but Sherlock couldn’t be sure as he was behind him and couldn’t see his face.
“Who else could it be then? What kind of surgeon leaves a private practice in New York to come here to London and get paid less?”
A young woman came up to them, and Mycroft introduced her as they walked into a conference room, where a set of computers was laid out, ready for use.
“You can’t get anymore till tomorrow afternoon,” he said quietly. John hated his tone of voice. Sherlock wasn’t supposed to be this coddling, worried man staying up by John’s bedside.
Tranquility hovered in the silence, and the tears returned, slowly falling down his cheeks as he closed his eyes, resting his body against the wall in defeat…
John tensed beneath him and shrugged. “Despite…accepting all of this and moving on, there are some things we can’t do like we use to. Like shower—,”
John narrowed his eyes and stared at him, silently ordering him to continue. Sherlock shifted on the bed until they were facing each other.
So without further ado, here it is. Enjoy and leave comments! I love them! AND read the end notes please.
John leaned back slightly but kept his hand holding Sherlock’s. “Right…well…Sherlock…” John paused and licked his lips, holding his gaze. “I’m fine now. I’m alive you’re alive. It’s all going to be fine.” The army doctor gave the detective a slight grin, and in return Sherlock grinned back and nodded. John leaned back forward and pulled the detective into a hug. Sherlock was caught off guard and had trouble placing his hands before he settled them awkwardly on John’s lower back and tightened the embrace just slightly. John tucked his head in the crook of Sherlock’s neck and inhaled deeply.
John then turned around, holding his balance on the counter behind him. “Another one? Do you want me to come along?”
Eventually, John made it to the bedroom, and pushed the door open, noticing it was kept ajar. He walked in, about to speak up, when a low whine interrupted his thoughts. He looked toward the bed and noticed Sherlock was still under the covers, his eyes squeezed shut and his fists holding tightly to the duvet.
“She used to be a professor of English literature,” Lucy explained. Sherlock sat back, and then stretched out his hand.
“Mostly benzodiazepines,” Sherlock confirmed. “An odd mixture that disrupted my memories. Temporarily, of course.” He walked forward and pressed a light kiss to John’s lip. “It’s out of my system now.”
“Oh, good you’re both here,” Mrs. Hudson greeted them kindly. She smiled at them and then set own the package on the table in front of the sofa.
John shook his head and looked at Sherlock, clenching his jaw and hardening his stare, but keeping his face soft.
“Please, don’t apologize again. This has just been…I mean, it’s shown the worst of us, and the best. You’ve been brilliant, Sherlock, and I…I love you,” John said quickly, inhaling deeply afterwards. Sherlock relaxed and nodded as he returned the hug.
Sherlock’s face froze for a millisecond before falling back to its impassiveness. “Your sister! There’s always something,” he mumbled.
John sat up straight, his eyes going unfocused. Sherlock leaned forward, his hand stretching out towards John but falling short as John lightly gasped.
Sherlock paced around John’s bed for the rest of the night. John’s fever had spiked dangerously high, throwing John off into hallucinations and delusions. It was nightmarish to watch John suffer and not be able to put an end to it. It was driving Sherlock mad, urging him for a cigarette or something stronger—
“She’s growing so fast. She’s almost a year old. Molly wants to throw her a party at her flat. She suggested a bee theme, although I’m not sure where she got that idea. It probably would be tedious for you though, children’s parties aren’t a place for murders.”
“It’s going to be all right,” the voice murmured. Sherlock felt the effects of morphine kicking in again, and just as he managed to open his eyes, he fell back asleep, with the image of John looking down at him.
Mycroft was working on collecting the evidence against Mary; it was proving difficulty, and had been quite a risk for them to postpone their confrontation. But it was the best: keeping Mary from suspecting kept Moran in their sights—it would all go as planned, at least Sherlock was being extra careful from making any mistakes, he couldn’t and wouldn’t risk John’s fate for something peculiar.
Victor sighed. “Those are two different things. He told me the same thing about you. He’s warming up to us, and wants you to be happy, no matter who you are with, but
“Sher-lock…” John slurred, blood staining his teeth and out of his mouth. “Don’tleaveIneedtotellyouIamokayIneed—.”
John giggled and placed his arm around Sherlock’s middle. “You haven’t forgotten any of them, I don’t see why you’d start now.” He turned on his side and started pressing faint kisses along his shoulder and collarbone. Sherlock sighed contently and brought his arms around his husband, bringing him closer until he had John pressed up against his bare chest.
“I’m fine,” John said, quietly and with defeat. He entered their bedroom and closed the door shut, hoping to indicate he didn’t want to be bothered. But as John lay on the bed, he couldn’t help but wonder if he really did want Sherlock next to him. He wasn’t sure of anything anymore.
Sherlock parted his lips and arched up to the contact, running his hands down John’s sides and resting them on his hips. John moaned and pulled away far enough to kiss along Sherlock’s cheek, trailing down his jaw and to his neck. He sucked on the pulse point, and cradled Sherlock’s neck with his hand, holding him gently in place. Sherlock moaned and absentmindedly toyed with the necklace around John’s neck.
Sherlock stared at his brother, and with only a brief nod, he turned on his heel and slipped away from sight.
“There isn’t anything you can do now, Sherlock. You have your own injuries that need taken care of. Let the people work, and give him some space.” Mycroft ordered unusually softly to his brother.
“Well of course. The tumor was a blessing. Once the symptoms became obvious, I was put into place as his surgeon and it all just played out splendidly. We’d know you’d be back eventually, sooner than we expected though. But nonetheless, you were back and thus, Moran was able to watch the both of you.”
Before he could speak his wonder out loud, John leaned in and pressed his lips against Sherlock’s, gently and closed. The detective’s eyes widened with shock and his whole body froze.
John furrowed his eyebrows to himself, unsure about that phrase. He knew how to speak; he just forgot the technicalities.
“There’s going to be anther attack.” John whispered, and then looked around again. “I can’t say anything more. Please, leave,” he insisted in a low voice.
“Tall enough to whack you in the head.” John ran his hand through Sherlock’s curls. “Feeling all right?”
“Shit—we need lube,” he stuttered. Sherlock shifted, and stretched his arm out to the bedside table. He stretched just enough and managed to grab the bottle. He applied a generous amount to his hand and then slipped his hands between their bodies. He stroked John’s cock first, earning a flattering expression on his lover’s face.
John gaped at Sherlock. “No I’m not going to—Sherlock, just—enough! Okay? I’m going to go home and take the rest of the day off—.”
Sherlock blanketed his face with his emotionless mask and turned towards John. “You what?” he tempted dangerously.
For the next hour, Dmitri examined Sherlock’s injuries, noting his observations in his notebook and muttering to himself. John watched from afar, clearly affronted in Sherlock’s eyes that Mycroft didn’t trust him to do the checkup and rehabilitation. Sherlock would have preferred it, so going to the trouble of assigning another doctor was annoying, yet Mycroft would claim he had his best interests in his brother’s recovery and it wasn’t anything personal towards John.
In a dingy abandoned flat located on the outskirts of London, the consulting detective twitched on a worn out mattress, his eyes glazed over—distant—while his face peeked with such a sickly paleness, it would almost appear that he should be the one in the hospital. Sherlock tightened a tourniquet above his elbow and with only a second of hesitation, he placed the cool tip of the syringe on his skin and injected the cocaine into his craving veins.
“It’s starting to get colder. The clouds are coming in, and soon you’ll be shivering, and then you’ll barely make it to your room before you’ll have to nap. I’ll…feel better if we go now.” Sherlock avoided John’s gaze, and John was glad he did. Confusion sparked a glimmer of frustration in John, and he huffed.
Sherlock set his tea down and went to the window. He silently picked up his violin and being stroking at the strings as he stared out the window. Mrs. Hudson left without a word, and John stayed where he was, watching Sherlock carefully.
John stood on his toes and pressed his lips against Sherlock’s. John stayed for a few moments before stepping back and heading to the door.
He sat down in the chair as John started to eat. He didn’t mention their interrupted activities, and John thought it was for the best. They would have plenty of time anyway. John however, was a little bit relieved they had been interrupted. He wasn’t against receiving any affection, but he wasn’t sure what was going on in Sherlock’s mind, and whether he’d want to receive any from him. John’s body was different and as a doctor, self-consciousness could increase when the body changes dramatically in a short period of time. They’d both have to get used to the change, and John hoped one of them would challenge it soon. It should only be a matter of time.
Much to Sherlock’s dismay, Mike stepped closer. “So how are things? How are the experiments going along?”
“You n-ever told me—,” John mumbled as he slowly lost his balance and leaned heavily against Sherlock.
“Bloody hell, Sherlock—,” John gasped. He hadn’t been expecting to be led through his own flat, and didn’t find the opportunity to squirm out of Sherlock’s push.
Pain shot through his shoulder and he screamed; a man appeared by his side, and started moving him towards what sounded like a helicopter.
“I was just talking to him.” Sherlock shuffled out of his seat and pointed to John’s. It was empty. His brows furrowed. He could have sworn he was just talking to him not a minute ago. He looked back up to the inspector.
Sherlock noticed what was happening right away. “I’m here John.” The detective began calmly. “I’m just uncertain how to phrase something, that’s all. It’s happened before.”
“He may not be able to,” Margaret clarified. Sherlock shook his head and buried his masked face in John’s hair. John was still taking deep breaths, and leaning against Sherlock, clutching at his gown and muttering incoherently.
Sherlock closed his eyes and his expression hardened. John clenched and unclenched his hands as he stepped back, urging himself not to feel hurt.
He opened the door, but unexpectedly stopped in his tracks, his back going rigid. His room was empty.
Sherlock stumbled to the end of the bed and collapsed on top over John’s legs. His body shuddered as he buried his face into the blanket.
“Yes, all right.” John took in a deep breath as he leaned back down, crashing his lips onto Sherlock’s, resulting in a pleased sound from the man below him. Their lips slid around each other, sucking on one another’s lips and tongue as John moved his right hand down Sherlock’s torso, fumbling with the buttons. He moaned against Sherlock’s mouth as he struggled with the clasp.
“Um why would I—no I-I don’t—can’t—touch you anymore Sherlock.” John looked away uncomfortably and then looked back into the detective’s eyes with regret. “I wish I could but I can’t—shouldn’t. Um, can you—can you tell me if I should be treated for this…this tumor or not. Would you wait for me?”
John didn’t show any sign that he heard him. His screaming became distorted; he was crying out, clutching his shoulder, and moaning as he writhed on the floor. He had gotten on his knees, but remained hunched forward. Sherlock slowly touched John’s back with his fingertips.
The doctor gently ran his pen over Sherlock’s leg, and he involuntary flinched from the coldness. He couldn’t process what was happening, since all he wanted was to know if John was all right, but the doctor was overly persistent, and annoyingly cheerful.
“Don’t talk John.” Sherlock’s voice was shaking but he couldn’t help it. “I need to keep pressure on the wound. Lestrade is getting help. Help is coming.” He assured John, though it may have been to assure himself.
There was a sound of footsteps behind him. He turned around and saw Sherlock entering the flat. Sherlock hovered by the door, dressed in his coat and a suit.
John did, however with a grimace. Sherlock reached behind him and unlocked him with ease, and then pulled the handcuffs off and tossed them aside.
John furrowed his eyebrows and looked up from the morning paper. “Names for what, Sherlock?” he asked carefully.
something if I wasn’t a damn cripple!” Sherlock bellowed the last worst, snapping it with venom as he threw his cup against the wall, shattering it and spraying tea everywhere.
Sherlock blinked rapidly. He refocused on John’s face and nodded, however uncertainty lingered. John’s eyes looked over his face for a moment before grinning, and then he leaned forward and kissed Sherlock lightly.
The alarm on the heart monitor increased, and Victor removed his hands from John’s chest, only to see John was still flat lining.
Sherlock trailed his hand down John’s cheek. “Let me…” he whispered. He trailed his hand down John face, down to his chest, and then rested it on his belt buckle. He met John’s eyes, and found them darkening with arousal; Sherlock unbuckled the belt, and then slowly unzipped John’s jeans. He slipped his hand into the opening, and gently palmed John’s cock.
After what felt like several minutes, Sherlock loosened his grip and leaned away to see John’s face. With their arms still around each other, they leaned in simultaneously and kissed each other, soft at first then deeper and passionately.
Sherlock bit his lip before he spoke. “I don’t think we should…what if I can’t get like that?” He looked down, looking pointedly at the bulge in John’s pants.
Dread rushed over John as he slowly turned around and found himself staring in an empty room. Nobody was there. His breathing pitched and his legs began to shake. Sherlock rushed forward and wrapped an arm around John’s waist to keep him upright. John’s eyes were wide and unfocused as the detective gently turned him around to face him.
Sherlock bit his lip. “I can’t stay here John. But I—look at me John.” Sherlock insisted desperately. John looked up; he was utterly lost now. Tears were spilling out and falling down his face like rain—he didn’t even bother wiping them away.
John sighed. “I’m tried,” he said. He didn’t want to fight, and even though he was annoyed, he really was tired.
“I just wanted to thank you, for your hardwork with this crisis. I’m sure my government will be pleased.”
“Maurice Fletcher. He had been fired as a pathologist just a few months ago, and all of his victims were colleagues of his. He’s really an idiot, for doing that. If that attacks had been more random, it would have much more thrilling—”
“No! No, I’m done listening to your excuses! That’s what you do, you’ve always done it: say things to cover the wrong you’ve done! You need to listen
“I have an appointment,” John said. “With my prosthetist. I’ll get casted for one, and then I’ll have to wait until it’s ready to try on.”
Harry nodded, and in a sympathetic yet out-of-character way, she squeezed her brother’s hand in reassuring that everything was going to be as fine as possible.
Sherlock sighed. “John, you were in the hospital for barely a week. You were nearly addicted to the morphine before I managed to ease you off of it—.”
“Yes,” Sherlock replied hungrily. John grinned and placed his legs over Sherlock’s shoulders. He leaned forward and began pressing faint kisses on the inside of John’s thigh. John was already wiggling beneath him, his fists loosely clenching the duvet.
Sherlock glanced at him for split second and then looked down at John’s stump. Sherlock knelt down onto his knees and very slowly raised his hand to John’s stump. John fought hard not to flinch, but his thigh did, and he held his breath, afraid Sherlock was going to walk away. Sherlock swallowed tightly and held his hand in place for a few seconds before continuing. He placed his hand gently on the end, and held it there. John slowly relaxed, suddenly wanting to bask in the warmth of Sherlock’s touch, but was unsure how long this was going to last. It felt like forever since he felt a simple touch like this, although John remembered the attempt at a massage several days ago. But after so much tension, this tingled John’s senses in a different way—a good way.
Sherlock ran a hand over his face and sat up. “I suppose that’s a bit not good on one’s anniversary.”
John blinked at her as he tried to steady his voice. “Everything’s fine. Do you mind, since its not too busy here, if I take the rest of the day off?”
On the other side, mangled on the pavement with shards piercing his skin and a limb or two out of place, that thought evaporated. Someone was yelling, but John’s eyes slowly slipped closed before he could comprehend the shouts. For an unconceivable amount of time, John was in darkness, catching a few murmurs of incoherent sounds, presumably words, and the occasional tingles along his hands and arms. When he awoke, it was to dim sunlight streaming through the blinds and a choking aroma of flowers, and it only lasted for a second.
“It’s a mess to explain, but I’m undercover to Moran. He thinks he helped me escape from going back to the states even though my name’s been cleared. He assumed my loyalty is to him, but it never has been. Here,” Jack handed Sherlock one of his handguns, and then headed back to the door.
John parted his lips wider, and moaned as Sherlock deepened the kiss. His lips moved almost methodically, yet with utter, pure affection.
It was nearly midnight by the time John came back to the flat. He was exhausted, emotionally and physically, and made his way up the stairs, alone.
He broke them apart just enough to graze Sherlock’s lips as he spoke. “I know it’s still morning, but I would love to take you back to bed.”
“Brilliant,” John stated with affection as he stood up, but then his right foot slipped against the rock, and he stumbled backwards, landing in the muddy shore before he could catch his balance. Sherlock was quickly by his side before John realized what happened, and he let out a sharp laugh, catching both he and Sherlock by surprise.
John sighed comprehensively. Sherlock slowly reached out a gloved hand and lifted John’s chin to meet his eye.
The army doctor was attached to various machines and drips; he was still intubated with a light piece of gauze placed over his neck wound. He was so utterly grey it sent a tsunami of anger down Sherlock’s spine. He wanted to lash out, but knew he had to keep himself together. The doctors said that John was very—
Bargaining for revenge and some kind of end to it all, John stood up roughly, adrenaline pumping in his veins. He jumped Moran, taking him by surprise, much to John’s relief. But Moran had been in the army as well, and he dislodged himself from John’s hold and stumbled into the cabin. John followed him, throwing fists wherever he could hit, and tackled the man to the ground. Moran kneed John in the side, causing the army doctor to yelp. Moran squirmed away, only to have John grasp him by the hips to keep him from getting away,
Sherlock nodded and looked at John. John looked at their interlocked hands as he spoke, rubbing Sherlock’s knuckles as soothingly as possible.
“I do too.” Sherlock’s eyes snapped down to look at John, his pupils dilating just slightly. “So…all right then.” John concluded and smiled.
The next morning, John sat in the lounge on the sofa, and looked out the window. He felt oddly calm and at ease. People moved around him as if he was invisible, but he didn’t mind.
“I’m afraid it’s not up for negotiation. I have to arrest Watson now, and interrogate him for a confession—.”
John was thrashing in the bed, his face red with tears streaming down his cheeks. He was curled into a ball and faced the door, then clutched his head. His back and shoulders shuddered, and Sherlock noticed Margaret and Regina were speaking to him in turns through the barrier.
“I’ll bring it in.” Willoughby left and was back quickly, setting down the tray with the additions. Sherlock prepared his tea and took a sip, and then looked up at Willoughby, who took a seat in front of him. The doctor had a computer with a camera on it’s top, where he was going to record the interview, and write the answers down on paper that rested beside it.
Sherlock looked at Willoughby’s neck and stilled. He narrowed his eyes, and shifted his head slightly as if to look at John, but made up his mind and stared at it. “A…stethoscope?”
John flickered his eyes to the doctor and nodded. He opened his mouth to speak but only a groan escaped his lips.
John buried his nose into Sherlock’s curls, breathing in his scene. “I love you too.” He inhaled deeply, and then thought of something. Without thinking it through, he took of his tag and clipped it around Sherlock’s neck.
Sherlock licked his lips and lowered his gaze, but John wasn’t having it and raised his chin again. Sherlock clenched his jaw slightly, and then sighed.
John made his way to the garden, and quickly watered the flowers. One of the front doors slammed closed. Unsure what that was, John wandered outside. He looked around but didn’t see anybody, and then headed back towards the garden shed. He stopped in his tracks, and looked through the window. There was a fire on the stove, and already spreading towards the rest of the house. Panicking, he hurried to the front doors and tried to open them, only to find them both locked. He banged against the door, but then gave up and went around to the garden shed.
He shook his head to clear his thoughts and showered, pointedly ignoring Sherlock standing by. They had showered together countless times, at the same time and one at a time with the other still in the bathroom. But this situation was different, and it wasn’t very comfortable to John. He felt tense through the whole shower, and didn’t like the feeling of being watched.
John inhaled deeply and his eyes fluttered open. He looked straight ahead for a few seconds, and then his eyes fluttered closed again.
A medic placed a manual oxygen mask over John’s mouth as another cut his jumper open. He applied something to his chest before pressing the paddles to them. They yelled to each other, and then zapped John with the charger. John remained unresponsive, and the medics repeated their actions, giving him breaths and defibrillating him two more times before stabilizing his heart.
John shut his mouth shut, startled. His face twitched with a promising laugh, and he furrowed his eyebrows in confusion. He looked to his left to see Sherlock sound asleep. He pulled the covers away and reached for a crutch. He headed to the bathroom and locked the door, and then sat down. He let out another giggle, and before he could fully stop himself, he started to laugh. John managed to keep it soft and quiet, but as the seconds ticked by, the laugh became pained and suddenly there were tears falling down his face.
With a dreaded hunch, John rolled Sherlock’s sleeve up his arm and found quite a few telltale markings, clearing from a needle.
They moved against each other, thrusting in sync, ignoring the music and focusing on themselves, their breaths and gasps mixing together with every burst of pleasure. John reached down and stroked Sherlock’s cock, his thrusts becoming faster and faster. Sherlock arched his back as he finally came, his cock spurting against his chest. John stroked him through his orgasm, and after a few more thrusts, John came, the wave of his orgasm crashing over him with complete satisfaction.
John did his morning routine alone, with Sherlock nowhere in sight. He wasn’t surprised; Sherlock hadn’t slept in their bed all week, and he was gone from the flat most of the time. After he was done, John went into the kitchen for tea. His prosthetic leg was ready today, so he was going to the hospital after he ate, but he hoped he’d see Sherlock before he left. He hadn’t told him yet, and John wanted Sherlock to go with him.
There was a knock at the door unusually early one morning. John, who hadn’t even had his tea yet, sauntered to the door and opened it to the grey, crisp morning air.
Most days were repetitive—repeats of the past. It was always before they had gotten together, some before Sherlock faked his death, and some after. Sherlock never remembered they were married. It was always before, with Sherlock sometimes mentioning Mary or John’s girlfriends. John couldn’t help but feel hurt, thought he couldn’t realize why—if it was because of Sherlock’s lack of observation to either of their wedding rings, or the necklace around his neck, or because it seemed their marriage wasn’t worth remembering—which was ridiculous to think. It was common for Alzheimer patients to fall back to around five years ago, losing about two automatically as if by default.
Sherlock held John for several hours. When John seemed to have finally fallen into a deep sleep, Sherlock stood up slowly and carried John
John crawled to the garden shed, trying not to take deep breaths. His chest felt as if it was on fire, but he ignored it the best he could, and pushed himself up. He leaned against the wall, and quickly limped into the house.
John rubbed his eyes. “Oh, Sherlock…” he murmured. He remained standing like that for several minutes, and then he turned to leave, heading towards the door with a slight limp. As he opened the door, a ringtone pierced the silent, that of a seductive sigh.
“Shut up!” John hissed, shutting his eyes tightly. Keeping them shut, he continued, a humorless laugh again escaping his lips. “This isn’t real is it? You’re not really there. You’re just the ghost right? The real Sherlock wouldn’t have been that keen for this. He’s probably still in his room right now. You’re just playing tricks on my mind, yes?”
“Yes, doctor,” Sherlock replied lightly. He tightened his around John’s shoulder, and in each other’s embrace, they fell asleep.
John thought for a moment. “Alzheimer patients don’t—usually—hallucinate, they just confuse people…so whoever your mother was talking about was a real person.” He clenched his fist and sighed. If only they had figured out this sooner, then maybe Sherlock wouldn’t—
“Sher—.” John choked and he winced. An image of Sherlock falling flashed in his eyes, and he let out a choked whimper.
“Yeah. Let me guess, you don’t trust him. You trust him with your life, but…not with your heart. You fear he will change his mind, get bored with you, and break your foolish little heart. As for him, well,” Moran laughed, sending a shrill of unease down John’s spine. “He can’t love you. He’s a psychopath, psychopaths don’t love.”
The car sped off, leaving John on the ground, unmoving. Sherlock rushed forward, but the man—presumably Jack Bauer—reached him first. Moran and his men pushed past Sherlock and one of them held him back. The men were yelling, at each other, at Jack, at Sherlock, but to the detective everything was muffled, the car tires’ screeching echoing in his ears.
After their cigarettes were lit, Sherlock started feeling slightly calmer. The wind blew against Sherlock, and he realized with a startle he wasn’t wearing his coat or his jacket, and his sleeves were rolled up to the elbow, the goosebumps on his forearms rising from the cold.
"There is just one left. Sebastian Moran.” Sherlock explained quickly, his gaze in full focus on the dull tile floor. “He was the closest to Moriarty and I was in the middle of tracking him when—.” His explanation was cut short and he hesitantly looked up to John, who looked at him with a questioning look.
Sherlock stepped back too, a lump growing annoyingly thick in his throat as he blinked rapidly. John furiously stalked away to the bathroom and flushed whatever poison resided in the syringe tube and disposed of it. He came back to the sitting room to find Sherlock unmoved, except for his legs were shaking and he was biting his lip.
John’s heartbeat pounded in his ears with dread. He wasn’t entirely sure he could handle a rejection, or whatever Sherlock’s reasoning may be.
“Well, it won’t be hard to fix. Canterbury will still go down for the drugs and messing with patients—malpractice and all that. We just need to find the killer,” John said.
Kingston bit his lip. “That man, he…follows us around, rotating between dealers, making sure we’re following orders. I didn’t know he was following me. He was the one who shot your friend. He had taken some of the bullets—he wasn’t supposed to because Silken still wanted to test them, but this man—he tends to bend the rules. He has contacts to Silken and other groups…it’s like he does the duty work. He’s practically a slave, but wants to be there.”
John softened his face and slowly smiled at his partner. He stood up slowly, gained his balance, and then nodded to the door.
“I’ll help you into them.” John was very insistent than usual, and nearly forced Sherlock into a sitting position. Sherlock pouted, but put the shorts on, since he couldn’t exactly run off.
“Not obvious to me.” John said. Sherlock’s eyes widened with a sudden fear, only for John to laugh lightly. “I mean...show me then. You know what an idiot I can be.”
John shot him a sympathetic look. “You’re just a-a ghost. You’re not really him. He’s in Heaven, I know he is...” For a moment John looked unconvinced, but continued trying to comfort the detective. “He has to be.” He said, his voice shaking.
John grinned reassuring. “No you don’t have to. Go and bother Greg for a case, I’m sure he would love you’re help now that you’re back.”
John ran his hand through his hair and sighed. Sherlock had been in this mood for nearly a week. Nothing seemed to distract him long enough, not even Cluedo.
“It’s something I can do for you. Last year, at the hospital, I was told I was gaining back some sensory, and with practice, could walk a little bit. Molly helped.”
John shifted, a dull ache suddenly becoming present. He tried to move again, but only felt pain. His chest felt heavy and tight, and the rest of his body felt tired and worn out. He slowly opened his eyes, but then flinched from the light.
“Probably. But I’ll have Mycroft watch him. She may stay away, see what plays out. Moran must be the mastermind, so I need you to do something, John,” Sherlock said, dropping his voice down with seriousness.
“Yes, I think you can. What were you—” Sherlock cut himself off. He mouth remained opened half a second before he slowly closed it and blinked. John creased his eyebrows and looked up at the detective. Sherlock blinked rapidly and cleared his throat. He remained silent for several seconds, his brows furrowed together in confusion and thought, and as the silence grew incredibly awkward, John started to shuffle his feet.
Sherlock leaned forward and pressed his lips against his temple before guiding him to the ambulance. “I am.”
“It was buried under John’s hospital reports when he was in the army. They could easily be dismissed because they aren’t sorted by patient name, but by date.”
“Fuck!” He inhaled sharply, then reached for his phone, and called again, but once again ending up with voicemail.
“Ms. Sinclair, everybody.” Sinclair barely looked up as she down, a near match of Anthea, apart from her wine shade of red hair. She immediately began looking over her portable laptop and other files, occasionally exchanging murmurs with Mycroft, and completely ignoring Mary.
Sherlock looked at him, his eyes darting back and forth. He opened his mouth and then closed it, rethinking his conclusion.
“I want to have sex,” Sherlock blurted out as he strolled in. John furrowed his eyebrows and gaped at him.
The gun in Moran’s hand trembled but he steadied it quickly. “Sherlock Holmes doesn’t love you. He will just use you, like Jim used me. Sentiment is a weakness, it’s used against people, and believe me, pretty soon I will have used it against you.”
“I see. Well, these scans are from yesterday. From Shepherd’s notes, he was informed of this already. He didn’t tell you?”
“No shit,” John muttered. Sherlock felt slightly put out, normally John would have allowed him to announce his deductions, and yet at the same time he was having difficulty finding the relation between the two. It wasn’t Harry, the expensive clothing made that obvious. Who the hell was this woman? An ex-girlfriend seemed more likely, but this much hatred coming from John—sweet, gentle John—it seemed unlikely. A co-worker with disagreements seemed likely, but then why come here to talk to John?
John giggled and set aside Sherlock’s cup. He reached for one of the journals and looked over them. Sherlock headed back to the kitchen for another cup—the correct one—and noticed John’s lunch was on the counter. Rolling his eyes, he prepared his tea and then brought both to the table, setting John’s sandwich in front of him, only after taking half of it. John paused and then scoffed to himself lightly.
“No.” Sherlock attempted to continue walking, but John held his stance, however uneven, and didn’t follow Sherlock. Sherlock turned around, his face serious and his eyes hardening with a glare. “I’m not leaving you, John. That’s not something I’m even going to consider.”
John hovered around the flat, mentally checking of the list of things to do. They had had their tea and breakfast, he wasn’t working today—he had memorized his schedule for the month, and hadn’t been taking many shifts since—well,
Mary cleared her throat. “Good. Then we’ll know where he is if we have to pick him up. We decided not to do so, to collect more evidence or anything contradictory, and to make sure Stan doesn’t know we’re onto him.”
“All right…” John headed to the kitchen and quickly prepared his tea. Sherlock followed him, and made his own, taking the last packet out of his box and then tossing the box aside.
John looked at him for a moment and then slowly relaxed and let go of his hold. “Good,” he whispered. Sherlock headed back out the door, and quickly motioned Mary for her attention. He spoke to her briefly, and then she left.
Several, unnerving minutes passed in silence, Sherlock still staring and John trying to distract himself by trying to get the attention of Angelo, who had been constantly on his phone, occasionally nodding towards John as “give me a moment” before going back to his phone.
“Do you…remember anything?” Sherlock asked. John kept his brows furrowed, not understanding the vague question. He tried to recall the past few hours. He remembered the roof collapsing, and being trapped for a while, but after that, nothing. He didn’t remember being rescued.
John tried to sit up, but he didn’t have the strength. He rolled his tongue against his mouth, searching for the right sound. He hummed urgently, but Victor and Sherlock continued heading to the door.
Moran sneered. “On your knees or I’ll have Sven put a bullet in his brain. Who knows, maybe he’ll like it better than that tumor of his.”
John tried to keep his face calm, but the small flinch told Sherlock everything. He gasped and clenched his jaw tight, and then clenched his fists over his lap.
“I won’t Sherlock. But you have to promise me you’ll try. You have to meet me half way—you need to—to make an effort all right? John whispered firmly. “You need to survive this, for me, because I—” John’s voice broke. “I—.”
Sherlock nodded and opened up the box. Inside was a gold band, lined with silver. He picked it up and examined closely, and then placed it on his finger. It fit perfectly. He grinned widely and looked at John, who was looking at him, his eyes glistening.
“Perhaps we are more alike than you like to believe.” Sherlock exposed a look of disgust in response.
John interrupted him and pressed their lips together, but this time it was gentle and soft, resembling the John Sherlock also knew.
“I know,” John replied confidently. “But I did mention this to Lestrade, and he feels you should rest, and I agree.”
Sherlock’s jaw clenched and he looked at Lee. Sighing he nodded his agreement he’d be quiet about this discovery—however temporary—and rushed out of the room. He didn’t bother stopping Mary and Lee exit after him, going back to their stations. He reached John’s, but it was locked. Mycroft appeared from the conference room, and hurried forward as he saw him.
Sure enough, Sherlock soon walked out, and Victor was following him. Something was off in Sherlock’s posture, and the way he ran his hand through his curls suggested it too. Victor however, was calm. John sighed, and then winced, his back and chest already starting to ache.
“I’ll tell you mine, if you still want to know,” John said. “But I need to know…do you have them about…” John tilted his head toward his residual limb, implying the obvious.
Sherlock showered, however slowly, as his muscles were still sore from the lack of movement. As he turned the shower off, he realized that all he had was a towel.
“This evening, at five!” John shouted back, squeezing his eyes shut briefly. He lowered his gaze, avoiding Sherlock’s piercing eyes.
Sherlock. He wanted so much but this obstacle was holding him back, and he knew he was slipping further into the cracks. It was only a matter of time before he’d lose himself completely.
Sherlock sighed. “Okay…but John……I…I don’t know if I can come back.” Sherlock said, his voice trembling completely out of character.
“I’m fine—I said I’m fine, dammit!” John snapped. Sherlock’s hands dropped and he took a step back. John dropped his head and looked at the ground with his palms in mid action with pulling himself up. He breathed slowly through his nose and exhaled just as slowly out his mouth. He repeated a few more times, and then slowly looked up to meet Sherlock’s gaze. Instead of seeing a pout, or even a glare, Sherlock was looking at him with apologetic sympathy, and his lip was minutely trembling. John hardened his face and shook his head as he looked away.
activity to pass the time. After breakfast, he had taken Sherlock to the garden house. It had been cleaned up at some point, and was now cleaner, with room to walk around without getting tangled up with overgrown vines and weeds.
Sherlock abruptly sat up, causing John to shift down the bed and removing his hands from the detective. The doctor remained silent as Sherlock stared out of focus on the sheets, remembering only snippets from the dream. Lestrade’s voice brought him out of his reverie and into reality.
Sherlock gasped. He looked at John, but he was already asleep. He rushed forward and pressed his masked mouth over John’s hand in a hard kiss, and then turned on his heel and left, discarding the plastic gown, gloves, and mask as he headed back to Scotland Yard.
Sherlock looked at Moran briefly before walking in a circle around the lookalike. He was John, but then again, he wasn’t. It seemed too simple. He walked to the front, and looked at him from head to toe. His hair looked real, and not like an ordinary wig; the jumper was the exact same, as were the pants. The wound was in the same spot, tied off with a—
“You guys are being cute and all, but shouldn’t we figure out this bomb first?” Mary suggested. The pair giggled softly and pulled apart. They’re relieved expressions began to dissolve; John stepped towards the unconscious man and knelt beside him. He moved his hand around the man’s neck and then pulled. A skin-like layer of latex peeled off, and John’s furrowed his eyebrows in confusion.
John arrived at his prosthetist in time, and waited patiently in the physical therapy room. Alex was supposed to come too, to help if needed.
He huffed with amusement, too blissfully relaxed to be truly annoyed, and looked over his shoulder. Sherlock was already leaning over the edge of the bed, his body tense as if ready to pounce, and worry was etched over his face.
"She was wrong, Sherlock. Mary. She was wrong about me. Thought I’d rescue you if you put your life in danger, or something but…” John took a shaky breath. “She was wrong. I was late. I was too late…and it’s not—not okay, Sherlock, it’s not.”
Mary's character here is only to set her character for the second part. If you have concerns/questions, feel free to ask me.
“In real life,” John continued, “people don’t have archenemies, maybe there are people they don’t like but not like enemies.”
“You can take your time in deciding. But if you become critical and unable to consent, before signing either form, I’ll have to consider your previous forms, from the first surgery.”
“Shh,” John mumbled. Sherlock trailed off and sat up on the edge of the bed. He diverted his gaze to John’s lap, but still didn’t take John’s offered hand.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea, John,” Sherlock said carefully. John’s lips twitched with a hint of a grin, but shook his head.
John stood up and stumbled away towards the window. He stopped halfway, his body shaking and shuddering. Sherlock hoped he had realized he wasn’t a hallucination, but then John spoke and that hope drowned.
John tried to push him away but was starting to slide down, so if Sherlock left he would fall, but he really didn’t want Sherlock here right now. His stump started to ache, and then John cracked.
“Yes car, not carriages.” Shillcott replied. “We have a man enter, no one else around, and then when the train comes back to the only station between these two, no one gets out.”
John shrugged. “No, I guess not. Well, it’s love. It’s human emotion. Human error. It doesn’t make sense but it works. We spend some time apart, no caressing, kissing, sex, nothing. You can take some cases, and I can go along with you if you want, or I can stay here. Just, please Sherlock, will you give it a try?”
“Sherlock…” John’s voice was strained, and Sherlock paled from the sound of his tone; he shouldn’t be sounding scared.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and cuddled closer to him. He smiled as he slowly fell asleep, the lights around the room glowing gold, encasing the two in merry warmth and love.
John walked down the hall, oblivious to Sherlock in his hiding spot. He walked right past him without a second thought. Sherlock didn’t waste any time; he leapt up and headed back the way he came. However, in a rush to get away, Sherlock collided into a wheelchair that hadn’t been properly put away, and fell, landing harshly on the basement ground.
A couple hours went by, and as the high began wearing off, Sherlock's phone rang, snapping the detective back into reality.
John stared at Sherlock fondly, and Sherlock stared back. Their eyebrows drooped on their relaxed faced, and their eyes glistened lovingly at each other. John found he could drown in Sherlock’s eyes and be perfectly happy. He slowly smiled and raised his hand. He caressed Sherlock’s cheek and then cupped his jaw, rubbing his thumb along the edge of his jaw. Sherlock relaxed even more against the touch and his eyes fluttered. Sherlock leaned forward and rested his forehead against John’s. They cuddled closer together, pressing their foreheads together and bumping their noses against the other’s cheeks. They looked at each silently, and simultaneously drifted off into a light doze, basking in each other’s touch and the sound of their breathing.
John nodded, and then she placed him just by the front desk and applied the brakes on his chair. She walked to the phone, her back to John, and answered it. John looked around for a moment, sighing when he could tell the call was going to be a bit long. He looked around, and then noticed a book on the table, opened.
Sherlock pointed to him. “Ah, see, there he is. I knew he was around here somewhere.” Sherlock walked past the inspector and John and gracefully settled himself on the couch.
“Sherlock…” John whispered. Sherlock was upright immediately and stepped closer, however possible. John met his gaze, but Sherlock only looked at him distantly, and not with any of the usual fondness or concern, but with reluctance. John sighed, aggravated, and opened his mouth to speak, but was hit with a sudden wave of nausea.
“’Kay.” John stifled a yawn and buried his face against Sherlock’s neck. He fell to sleep rather quickly, and Sherlock followed him an hour later.
“I’m fine,” John replied through his clenched teeth. He felt panic arising, but couldn’t find a reason way. Sherlock narrowed his eyes in concern, and leaned forward, although he still remained in his chair, furthest from John, in the corner.
Sherlock sighed and closed his eyes. Nothing came right away, but he knelt down and looked over the bomb.
Lestrade cleared his throat. “All right. The forensics will be done here soon, and they’ll let themselves out. I’ll drive you both.” He walked passed them and led them downstairs. John smirked at Sherlock’s brief annoyance, and started to feel a flicker of his true self as he settled in the car. He grinned at Sherlock, and received a grin back.
Moran’s eyes were narrowed, and stood in front of Sherlock, gun in hand. “So how do I know you don’t have some kind of plan to get yourself out of…your negotiation?”
“It’s fine, John,” Sherlock said. John slowly raised his head and met his gaze. Seemingly satisfied with his response, John nodded stiffly and offered a small hesitant smile. Sherlock smiled back, and hoped it didn’t appear strained.
“M’fine.” Sherlock mumbled as he stood up weakly and stumbled away. His legs quivered beneath him and he leaned his side on the window, closing his eyes as he tried to gain focus and strength.
The song ended smoothly, but John remained where he was, draped over Sherlock as the detective lay over the table. They remained quiet, the radio behind them continuing to another song.
There was a sudden thud coming from the kitchen, startling Sherlock from his thoughts. He sat up and looked towards it, but couldn’t see or hear anything.
“You’re not real. You’re just a hallucination. Now go away—jus-just go.” John said, his eyes darting to the door then back to Sherlock.
“I didn’t mean it, Sherlock. I would do anything to see you again…but…not like this. Not between two worlds…maybe I can join you. Maybe I can. I just…don’t know…”
Dmitri helped Sherlock sit up against the pillow that was resting on the armrest, and then gathered his things. He quickly left, and then started talking to John. Sherlock overheard various exercises and poses, and then a shuffle of papers clearly diagrams of such things. John’s voice rose slightly, sending an odd shiver down Sherlock’s spine.
“Sher…” John trailed off, and his eyes fluttered close. He collapsed to the floor and remained still on his side, as the numbers on the monitor started to blink red.
“Next time I plan to take you oh so slowly and make you feel so good for hours.” John whispered against Sherlock’s lips, his voice deepening the last few words.
John shuffled his feet, unsure what Sherlock was planning on doing. After several seconds of tension, Sherlock relaxed slightly and removed his hand.
“I love him, I love him so much...but I don't know..." John groaned, blinking his eyes to try to block out the pain. "...I don't know if he really loved me, maybe he did, but I'll go find out, so just let me go... please--." His voice was high and shook and his eyes began to droop close again.
Sherlock knelt down and unhinged John’s prosthetic foot off the leg. He picked up the cheetah flex foot and placed it on John. John giggled abruptly.
John leaned forward and rested his arms on the mattress. Sherlock was sound asleep, his eyes flickering as if he was dreaming. John wondered what about, and hoped it was good. His eyes started to droop, and he drifted off with his head lying on his arms.
Sherlock inhaled sharply and hopped off the bed. He turned around and ran a shaky hand through his curls as he paced a few steps. He stepped closers to John’s bed and then took John’s hands in his own, squeezing them tightly.
John slumped to the ground, wincing in pain as he tried but failed to stand up and retaliate. Moran stepped in front of him and wrapped his hand around John’s throat, forcing him to keep his head up.
“What do you mean it’s the wrong guy?” John snapped to Lestrade on the phone. Sherlock groaned beside him their bed, and John lowered his voice. “Does he look like the illustration Lucy had done?”
“My name is Sherlock Holmes. I’m forty years old. I’ll be forty-one soon—seven days, to be exact. John is my husband. We’ve been married for two years; it’ll be three years in thirty…thirty-two days. I live at…221B Baker Street. Mrs. Turn—Mrs.
Praise—that was a first. His words sent arousal through Sherlock’s body, and he suddenly felt the need for more.
Sherlock sighed and shuffled his feet. John could practically hear him debating what to do in his head.
“Your appointment’s in an hour,” Sherlock stated. John nodded in affirmation. Sherlock took a sip of his tea and then set the cup down.
has changed—” John’s voice hitched and he clamped his mouth closed. His arm trembled, so he clenched his fist tighter around the aid and took a step further away from the bed.
“We should get cleaned up,” John pointed out. Sherlock huffed and sat up, wrapping his arms around John’s waist to hold him in his lap.
John met Sherlock’s eyes and inhaled sharply. Sherlock’s eyes were glistening, but not with tears. He looked deeply concerned, almost troubled, though John couldn’t figure out why. John swallowed tightly, yet he leaned slightly into the touch.
The both of them were silent for a moment; they breathed heavily and clutched at each other. John’s speed began to pick up; thrusted against Sherlock harder, moaning Sherlock’s name with his chapped lips.
John shook his head and nodded to his left hand. Mandy still remained confused. John sighed and parted his mouth.
“Kingston is barely involved. He wants a deal, and he’ll locate this Jacob Gold, who’s like Silken’s puppet. We find Jacob, we’ll find Silken.”
“I mean your face,” Sherlock muttered. His cheeks reddened, and John blushed too. He managed a stiff nod and let Sherlock continue drying him off. Once he was done with the right side, Sherlock placed a blanket over him. John started to warm up, but still trembled as Sherlock cleaned his left side.
“No, stay awake. Stay awake Sherlock. Please—.” John’s voice trembled again. Sherlock’s eyes fluttered close and then opened again. John cupped his jaw and faced it towards him. His voice was stabilizing as he progressed.
Greg nodded. “He owns a small manufacturing building, that receives the boxes of tea—the Old English brand. He has people there who he has blackmailed to keep them quiet, and they place the benzos within the tealeaves, and then reseals them in fresh packets, and then ship them off the few stores that sell them. There’s been a recall ordered already. It’s just a matter of finding anyone else who consumed them.”
As he prepared the kettle again, Sherlock silently discarded his coat and jacket, and walked up behind John.
, the scientific term. Usually a springtime plant, but some sorts can survive into the autumn,” Sherlock said absentmindedly. He missed John’s grin, as he fiddled with the packet.
John nodded sadly. “My grandfather. I was just a kid but I saw what it did to my grandmother and my father.”
Sherlock remained silent and then slowly rested his head against John’s shoulder, snuggling his nose in John’s neck. John tilted his head back and pressed his lips against the man’s temple, lingering for a moment.
Sherlock wrapped an arm around his waisted and helped him onto the bed. John scooted backwards and started to lie down, when his left hand started to tremble. John gasped softly and clenched his fists, dragging it across his lap to hide it. But Sherlock quickly took it in his hands before John could do so.
Two days later, and it seemed John was acting normal. He didn’t mention the kiss, however Sherlock couldn’t tell if that bothered him. It was just a kiss—nothing serious. John had been in a vulnerable and emotional state, and if the contact offered him comfort, than Sherlock was happy to give it to him.
Finally he made it to the surgery and rushed out of the cab after tossing the exact fee to the driver. John made his way hurriedly through the lobby and into the office, not responding to any greetings he got from the front desk.
Sherlock stiffened, but kept quiet, peering to John from the corner of his eye, afraid of turning his head and catching Moran’s attention.
John sighed and turned around. “It doesn’t matter.” He headed towards the backdoor, calling over his shoulder as he did.
John gaped and turned out to face him. “You stink. You didn’t shower like you so conceitedly said you would.”
Here it is, last chapter. I'm sorry it's late, but school has been hectic. I was going to have two more chapters, but then realized there's not much else to do and I don't want to drag it on. So here it is, please comment and let me know what you think of the whole story. I enjoyed writing this so much and love your comments. see end notes for my gratitude for those who commented.
John nodded, and then slid off. He felt the floor against his feet, and leaned against Sherlock. Sherlock held onto the belt around John’s waist, and slowly led him to take a step. John fidgeted with the elbow crutches, finding them awkward. But if he wanted to walk around his room, he would have to wear them.
Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows—again—and looked from John to Lestrade. “We just got here—oh.” He looked at John. “I am fine,” he said seriously.
At the top of the stairs, John found himself in the bridge of the ship, with a large window revealing the outside. Standing on the bow, were Sherlock and Moran.
Mrs. Ellis seemed to think for a moment, before she answered him. “Austen and Chaucer come around.” Lucy took her mother’s hand and squeezed it. She looked at Sherlock.
“Sherlock, listen. I know sentiment isn’t your thing, but I think it’s different now yes?” John hurriedly said. “Is this because of what I had said earlier? I think I need to say this then, to set the record right—”
“I’m not sure what you’re asking, John,” Sherlock said slowly. John was momentarily surprised, and then swallowed tightly and focused on his tongue. He pressed his lips together and then released them.
John started at him oddly and flickered his eyes to Sherlock. Sherlock was hovering but not touching. John raised his right hand and reached out, but he didn’t take it.
“Hang on, Watson,” James had told him firmly. The man’s blond features had been surrounded by a golden halo from the desert sun, mesmerizing John for a few glorious seconds without any pain.
John turned around only the find Sherlock stiffly sitting up and in the middle of discarding his coat and jacket.
Before Sherlock could respond, it rang again. John tried to reach for it again, but Sherlock took his hand and held it away. John giggled as Sherlock climbed over him, pining his hands but his head.
“—And his momentary forgetfulness could be explained by exhaustion or stress. I’d recommend a nice vacation.” Willoughby smiled at them, his expression honest and clear.
Sherlock stirred, and blinked blearily as he started to wake up. It was still dark outside, and a glance at the clock told him it was almost six. He looked down and found John still asleep, curled up against his chest. Sherlock looked at him fondly, and wrapped his arms around his blogger. John shifted slightly and sighed with content.
Sherlock nodded and wheeled to the other side of the bed. He had already changed, and was in his pajamas as well. He wheeled past the dresser, but a piece of paper caught his eye. He looked at it; diagrams of odd positions involving two people was drawn out, and as Sherlock realized what the figures were doing, his eyes widened and he looked at John.
John cringed slightly. He never liked being stubborn. He felt a faint sign that he was hungry, so he reached for the yogurt again and tried to open it. The foil lid slid out of his grasp. His cheeks burned as he placed the cup on the table and leaned against the pillow. He closed his eyes and clenched his jaw.
John looked at Sherlock, a tear finally escaping. He quickly wiped it away and turned his head. Sherlock stepped forward and gently grazed his blogger’s check and nudged it to face him. He lifted John’s chin up and urged him to raise his eyes. Finally, John looked up, his eyes swimming with tears. He was hurt, and Sherlock felt terrible. They locked their eyes and fell in silence. Sherlock rubbed his thumb affectionately against John’s cheek and in return, the army doctor leaned more into the hold.
As he entered the hall and closed the door, and took a few steps away, Vanessa came up him, her face soft yet her expression still stern.
Sighing, John opened it. He hadn’t spoken to Greg in a while, and hadn’t given that case any thought since then. He took the illustration out as he tossed the dirty rag away and looked at the face.
In a flurry of motion, John paused for only a moment until Sherlock was lifted onto the boat and strapped to a backboard and gurney. John very nearly leaped into the boat, hopping on his one foot, and then immediately continued to beat Sherlock’s heart. He barely managed a glare at the paramedics before ignoring them completely. The boat moved quickly back to the docks.
John finished his tea, and stood up to clean up their plates. Sherlock glanced at him, and then looked away.
Sherlock clenched his jaw at the last word, and continued writing. Once he was done, he capped the pen and set it aside, and showed his left arm to John.
“There were two doctors who had been fired for malpractice in the past five years up until Ellis retired.Kevin Dashwood’s whereabouts are unknown, but he did have his medical license taken away nearly five years ago. Dr. Charles Canterbury is working at a pharmacy, which is…the one where the Ellis’s get their medication.”
The man hesitated and then nodded. “Right then…” He stood up and proceeded down the hall but then paused and turned around to face the detective. “If I’m not up when dinner’s ready just feel free to wake me.”
They sat there in silence for several moments, and then it happened again. Months without another hint, Sherlock legs tingled, and he could feel the hair rising from the cold even though he was dressed in fairly thick sweatpants.
John stepped back firmly on the ground and shucked off his jeans, his pants following short. Meanwhile, Sherlock had discarded his trousers completely off, and almost ripped his pants off before grabbing John closer and leaning back against the table. He spread his legs out, his cock hard and leaking with pre-come.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “What do you mean, Dashwood? Canterbury gives the manipulated ones to the patients, which are provided by Dashwood. Why does he keep some of the drugs?”
John just stared at the phantasm. It stared back. The coldness increased and his bones began to ache again. But he couldn’t move. His chest pain increased and he no longer could hold his breath.
John glanced at it, and then realized it was a visitor log. Glancing at Vanessa and seeing her still occupied, John reached for it and placed it in his lap. He turned the pages back a couple of months, and read it.
Sherlock furrowed his brows in thought. That was enough of an answer for John, so he took Sherlock’s hand and headed to the bathroom. He turned on the shower and Sherlock immediately hopped in, but then turned to John, raising an eyebrow.
Lucy squeezed his shoulder gently, and then left. She went to her mother, only to find her talking with Sherlock. John stepped out and saw the two, raising an eyebrow.
“Well you are a famous detective,” John pointed out lightly. Sherlock rolled his eyes. John laughed and stood on his toes, pressing a closed lip kiss against Sherlock’s.
Sherlock came as John hit his prostate and quickly soon John followed, rolling his hips while riding out his orgasm. He shuddered against his husband and lied against him, his chest pressed up to his back, and the metal plate cooling the center of their contact.
One week later, Sherlock was in the kitchen, dressing robe falling loosely over one shoulder as he stared at the forgotten syringe lying on the counter, mocking the detective. That was absurd—items don’t mock people.
John whimpered and twisted out of Sherlock’s hold. He pushed Sherlock away, causing him to stumble and fall back onto his bum. Meanwhile, John swayed backwards and hit the wall on his right side, projecting him onto the floor, where he landed on his left shoulder.
“John,” Sherlock interrupted and proceeded when John looked up to him, his eyes returning the verge-of-tears look. “I knew if I told you the whole truth then that you would have wanted to help me with Moran. You wouldn’t have wanted to stay in a hospital bed and wait for me. And I—.” Sherlock hesitated. “I wouldn’t have been able to…work while you were having surgery alone—.”
Mycroft had indeed known that John was married. He never thought it was worth it to inform Sherlock, as he had been convinced (even went to tell Sherlock this himself) that John was just a friend, and nothing more. Sherlock had been annoyed when his brother raised an eyebrow once he realized where Sherlock’s sudden interest and infuriation was coming from: that Sherlock did in fact care a little more than he had planned to about a certain army doctor. This resulted in a day wasted sulking, as well as Sherlock planning his brother’s demise for holding this information from him as a way of dealing with his frustrating boredom that the sulk brought along with it.
John furrowed his eyebrows and looked at Sherlock. Sherlocks eyes were wide now; telling John he knew what John had noticed and was about to ask.
“You had Mycroft spy on me? That wasn’t just him showing concern for me, informing Harry about it all? You had him do all that? Why couldn’t you have just come back to me sooner?”
“He is.” Sherlock pointed to a white powder along the threshold. He raised is hand to open the door, only for John to latch onto his coat, refraining him.
John inhaled shakily. “Besides the fact I punched my boyfriend in the face and nearly broke his nose, I’m brilliant.”
He could hear John undress and lie down in the bed with a contented sigh. Sherlock was relieved John was finally resting, however in a silent, stubborn way. Sherlock wanted John to be vocal about his pain; so then he could do whatever he could to help him. John’s current attitude left him not knowing, which meant Sherlock wouldn’t be as prepared as he should, for something such as—
Mycroft smirked. “We’ve managed to locate most of the network. I have teams set in place, some individuals here and there, who will be working to dismantle it.”
He vowed to himself this would his last one and then John won’t have to know and he could overcome it on his own. However, deep in his mind he knew he was kidding himself. But whatever doubt he had left in his mind had drowned by the overwhelming crave to escape the sentiment. It was tragic, that Sherlock Holmes, the consulting detective, had finally felt something, something greater the simple word it takes as its name and chose to disregard it; chose to consider it unrequited and a waste of time to feel it. Anxiously and quickly Sherlock removed his coat and jacket, rolled up his sleeve, tied his belt above his elbow, and injected the drug.
He walked to where the phone was lying screen down on the table. He lifted his hand to pick it up, but then paused.
John remained silent, knowing Sherlock would tell him anyway—not because he felt obligated to in order to please John, but because they both knew it’d come up again, since it would stay on Sherlock’s mind until discussed, whatever it was.
“I already told Lestrade to question him, before we go over there. If he says anything before we get there, then we investigate it.”
John slowly awoke well into the next morning, realizing he was laying his cheek on Sherlock’s hand. His neck and back ached, and someone was moving lightly beside him. John blinked tiredly and raised his head up as he squinted around him. As his vision sharpened, Sherlock’s face focused; his eyes were open!
“Wait, not yet,” Sherlock gasped, his voice rough with pleasure. John grinned and leaned back. His own erection was peaking through his waistband, and Sherlock suddenly felt his cheeks heat—however more can he blush!
The man holding John proceeded to lead him outside. John twisted out of his grasp and climbed into the car, feeling everything was out of his control now.
Sherlock moaned against his lips and then pressed gentle kisses down his jaw, down his neck, and then down his chest over his clothed torso. He pushed the shirt up and started kissing quicker down his abdomen, all the while stroking John’s cock over his pants and simultaneously starting to rub himself against the sheet. John squirmed underneath, feeling conflicting emotions but nonetheless still aroused. He ran his hands through Sherlock’s hair, and then let out a gasp as Sherlock slipped his hand into John’s pants, pulling out his hard cock.
An envelope caught John’s eye, and on the side, was Lestrade’s name, and the Scotland Yard seal. It was dated the end of December, just around the day Sherlock was diagnosed. John tried to think of what Lestrade would send to them, and then remembered.
Sherlock collected himself and stepped forward. The man looked up at him (his head was still being held back by Jack) and he let out a throaty hum. Sherlock raised his hand and paused.
John thought. He opened his eyes and a cold thrill of panic rushed down his spine followed by a wave of tranquility. It was dreadful though, but John couldn’t figure out why that was. It was the same kind of peace—almost as if time had paused—and he felt it whenever Sherlock would appear as a hallucination. And there it was, in front of him, not sinking nor swimming, just there, in the water, pale as death.
John tried to move out of their grasp, and he tossed and turned but he was suddenly feeling incredibly weak, and tried to breathe, but couldn’t. John panicked, and tried to inhale but the constriction over his chest overcome him, and his vision went black from the lack of air. He vaguely heard Sherlock whisper his name before he succumbed completely.
“Can you try to speak, John?” Mandy asked. “Normally, you’d talk to a speech therapist, but let’s just see for now.”
John was angry. Burrowed deep inside for too long, an evil kind of hatred towards Moriarty and all the pain he inflicted upon John had erupted, and all John wanted now was to kill Moran.
Sherlock had no problem sharing a bed with John. But his blogger was willing, too willing, to sleep on the floor.
John leaned in his chair and ran a hand over his face. Canterbury was only five and a half feet. Sherlock had said the murderer was well over six, and that he was taller than Ellis, because he struck down. Which meant…they got the wrong guy. Canterbury wasn’t the murderer.
“I told Mike that I had been looking for a flatmate. Now here he is, with an old friend who just got back from military service. It was quite obvious,” he explained and smirked. He pulled his coat on and tied his scarf and swiftly headed towards the door only, to backtrack when the other man spoke.
As if fate were on John’s side, Sherlock’s feet entered John’s view of the floor, pausing in front of him just at arms reach.
Sherlock ignored his brother’s groan and grimace, and continued, smirking, and increased his pace around the room.
John processed this, unsure what to think. He was conflicted; Sherlock seemed to care but did he really? What if he was just saying all this so he could stop feeling guilty?
Sherlock inwardly flinched at the same words and narrowed his eyes. It seemed Shepherd was very proud of what he did. Sherlock didn’t think he knew Moran was dead, and decided to continue to pry out as much information he had as he could. “So what exactly did you do to John?”
He picked up Sherlock’s phone, and saw Sherlock had missed calls from John, Molly, and even his brother. Feeling uneasy, John dialed Molly’s number.
John sighed with annoyance, and then fell asleep, feeling the slight presence of a hand lying beside his, lacking contact.
“You will eat something, won’t you?” John asked as he took off his jacket and placed it beside him in the seat.
John started to feel light headed again, and swayed slightly as he took a step forward before stopping. This night had become very emotional without planning any of it, and dammit he would have preferred plans. But what was said was said, and he wouldn’t dream of taking it back.
Sherlock sighed as if he was bored. “100, 93, 86, 79, 73, 66, 60, 54—I mean,” Sherlock paused, furrowed his brows, and was silent for a few seconds. “100…93… 86, 79…72… 65…58, 51, 44, 37, 30, 23, 16, 9…2…”
“Sherl-“ John rasped. He tightened one hand in Sherlock’s curls, and tightened his other fist in the duvet.
“It could. More tests will tell us what’s in his system and what we could give him that wouldn’t kill him. Unfortunately, we have to wait.”
“Could you…change the sheets?” John asked, unsure where that question came from. He was sure Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows and took a step forward, as if about to check and see if he was okay.
“You had a seizure,” Sherlock answered his unspoken question. “It didn’t last long, and the doctors may put you back on the medication.”
“Pressure…” he muttered. He lifted a hand and indicated to the wound, hoping Sherlock would understand. Sherlock unwrapped his scarf with one hand and pressed it to the wound.
He entered the sitting room and turned on the light just as Sherlock entered from the stairs. His hair was disheveled, his face was pink, and he was also out of breath.
“Nope!” Sherlock tightened his legs around John’s hips and pulled him closer, lifting his hips in sync with John’s thrust. John giggled.
John squirmed slightly and moaned. His body trembled and his breathing quickened. Sherlock gently placed his hand over John’s hip and shook him, but he didn’t wake up.
“You should have taken that chance…still should if you still can, because it doesn’t last forever, Sherlock. It’s gone before you know it—before
John nodded his appreciation, but kept quiet. She led him back to his room, and helped him into bed. As she left, she casted him a worried look, but John barely caught a glimpse of it as he turned his head away from the door and stared longingly out the window.
He blinked up to see Victor whispering to Sherlock. He focused, and managed to catch a few phrases as he caught his breath back.
Sherlock looked around, eyeing the daisies that surrounded them. It was surreal, and oddly comforting. The daises danced gently against the light breeze, and glowed a golden yellow against the sunrays. It was sentimental—the “loyal love” symbolism nearly screaming at him through the gentle wind, stinging his eyes.
“I’m sorry John.” Sherlock rasped through his rugged voice. “Please don’t leave. Please don’t leave me.”
John nodded stiffly but opened his mouth and continued to speak. “I love you.” He breathed out steadily.
Sherlock’s eyes flickered and his shoulders slumped. John scoffed and repositioned himself, facing away from Sherlock.
The usual green-grey swirl with blue tinges was now a dull grey, cloudy in a metaphorical sense, and automatically quizzically.
“Sherlock,” John giggled softly. “I want to take your clothes off too if you just pause for a moment—finally!” Sherlock stepped back for precisely a moment as John took his jacket off and began unbuttoning his dress shirt. Still walking backwards up the stairs, John was put on halt as his back came in contact with the door.
“The most appropriate.” Sherlock remarked. John turned around and attempted to step closer to the inspector, but Sherlock placed a hand over his lower back, so he remained still.
Sherlock opened his eyes, and gasped at what he saw. It was a wheelchair, but the backrest was smaller, and there weren’t any handles. The wheels were slanted slightly on the sides, and the whole chair was considerably smaller than the one he was sitting in.
John blinked rapidly, his vision focusing. He cleared his throat and look at Sherlock. “Just, um, I already gave Greg my statement. Can we go home now?”
“Or every other night,” Sherlock mumbled. John clearly heard him, and sighed with a slight annoyance in his breath.
Vanessa kept the shirt up, and took off her gloves. “It’s all right, John, you can tell us later. But you can’t be going out without another person, for safety reasons. Now, I’m going to take an ultrasound, and see if we need a CT. But you will need surgery—.”
John barged into the hospital room to see Culverton Smith leaning over Sherlock, who was frighteningly still.
“It does,” Mycroft agreed. “Which begs the question as to why you were in such a hurry to use extreme measures in your interrogation.”
Sherlock shuffled his feet and flickered his eyes briefly. Several seconds passed, and then a minute, when John realized Sherlock wasn’t going to go on.
“Don’t do relationships.” John finished for him, a small smile forming on his lips. “This could be just casual—.”
Sherlock nodded, and retrieved the supplies. He helped John lie back down and then got started. As he finished, he applied the lotion, lingering slightly on John’s cheek and trailing his finger against his skin, feeling like a caress.
“It’ll be all right. I’m going to give you something to help with the hallucinations, all right, Mr. Watson?”
The noises came to a halt. John walked in, wondering what Sherlock had gotten into. It was likely serious if the detective was quiet.
Silence pierced through the night as Sherlock glared at Derek Shepherd. He remained still in place, his body and mind utterly stunned—which was quite a thing to happen to Sherlock Holmes.
John smirked at Sherlock’s word choice, and gently shook his head. “Your injury was incomplete, so there’s a chance you can be…aroused. Physical touch may do the trick.”
Lucy tensed beside her, but remained quiet. Sherlock continued. “He was at your house. Does he have visitors?”
Sherlock’s eyes suddenly began to sting and he blinked rapidly. He cleared his throat and looked up at John, who was lowering his bed and getting ready to sleep.
“It was…” Sherlock trailed off, and didn’t bother trying to hide his own grin. “It was a surprise, only since I’ve had my mind on other things. But it’s us; trying to find time for intimacy in the middle of a case isn’t the usual—usually we’re together anyway and not the suspect for the majority of it, but I wouldn’t change how it happened.”
Sherlock fumed to himself for missing the obvious, and straightened up. He sat on the edge of the bed while John tried to steady his breathing. He clutched at his bandaged arm and clenched his fists. Sherlock reached forward and tried to pull John’s hand away; John didn’t seem to notice him yet, but let him take his hand. Sherlock massaged it gently, urging for the tension to cease.
“The concern that you would think he’d be part of Moriarty’s network just proves that you’re an useless idiot, like everyone else. Though I might add, his life sure seems a much better life sentence than this, and I’d be more than thrilled to a life here with cats in this tedious town and actually
“You’re amazing,” John whispered. Sherlock blushed as he wiped his hand and refastened John’s jeans. He looked up and met John’s eyes, and what he found startled him. He flinched back to see John’s whole face, and found the emotion wasn’t his mind playing tricks.
“Impatient,” Sherlock snapped teasingly. John chuckled. Sherlock leaned forward and then slowly thrusted his hips. John gasped and met his thrusts with his hips, the sound of sweaty skin and throaty moans encasing the room.
John furrowed his eyebrows and tried to catch his balance. He wasn’t up for a grocery store run and he really wanted to see Sherlock’s reaction. He pressed back against Sherlock and stopped them just above the stairs.
Sherlock remained out of their way, but couldn’t remove his eyes on John’s body, or even find the strength to move his hand and take John’s. He didn’t know what a touch would do to him; it’d make everything real, and he didn’t want this to be real. So he kept his hands to himself.
Sherlock’s eyes trailed across his faded golden skin, and traveled to his scar. With a closer look, it resembled a poinsettia, the raised skin almost like petals, lined with scars that surrounded the healed entry wound. It was slightly pinker than the rest of John’s skin, a faded shade similar to the vibrant blood colored flower John seemed to favor.
Something clenched uncomfortably in Sherlock’s chest, and without a word, he wheeled out of the shed. He ignored John’s startled noise, and his persistent questions, and headed to the stairs.
The man thrusted his hips, and as he picked up his pace, his name was appearing on Sherlock’s lips before the detective could stop himself. He couldn’t recall when they had introduced themselves, but couldn’t care less now. He lost control of his moans and was actually starting to enjoy this release. The man’s hold on Sherlock’s hips tightened and with his other one reached down between Sherlock’s body and couch to reach Sherlock’s cock. He stroked it in sync with his thrusts. Pretty soon, the man was coming, Sherlock close behind.
Sherlock didn’t respond. After a couple more minutes, John sighed and slowly turned to face Sherlock.
John chuckled and stood behind the detective. He leaned forward and pressed his nose into Sherlock’s hair, only to stop and lean back.
“He’ll be unconscious for a while, to let his body recover. And, they’ll keep an eye on him, run some tests, to make sure this won’t happen again,” Victor said in a slight resigned tone.
Watson's Anatomy is currently being edited and I will get chapter 1 up as soon as possible! Here is a hint for those Grey's Anatomy fans: Finn the vet ;)
Sherlock looked back up and nodded once. The paramedics surrounded them and placed John into the ambulance. Sherlock followed them in, and together they headed to the hospital.
Sinclair shook her head while still looking at her computer screen, which showed various CCTV footage from all over the darkened city. “None so far. We have a group of five working on it in station three. They’ll keep us updated by the minute.”
John hadn’t really seen it this close or for this long, except in his nightmares. It had only been five days since he had surgery, but he had been plagued with them every night, unfortunately with Sherlock right by his side. But on the bright side of all things traumatizing, Sherlock hadn’t asked about the nightmares. He simply comforted John until he was calm, and stayed awake as John fell back asleep. John knew Sherlock didn’t go back to sleep, but he didn’t question him. Sherlock didn’t seem to know the context of the nightmares at least—the gruesome gore was one thing, the black-and-white blame that encased John’s mind during the dreams was nightmarish and another issue all on its own.
“It looks like you…have a bullet wound in your shoulder.” She exclaimed. “It’s a…oh, just a through-and-through. You probably wouldn’t need surgery, not immediately at least. I’ll clean it and wrap it loosely, and then have a surgeon take a look, all right.”
His voice sounded pained. John relaxed and leaned down. He kissed Sherlock’s lips chastely, and then leaned away just a little so that he could still graze Sherlock’s nose with his. He took a step forward and turned his body, and then sat in Sherlock’s lap, draping his legs to the side. He wrapped his right arm around Sherlock’s shoulders and held him close to his chest. Sherlock wrapped his arm around John’s waist and rested the other in his lap, and intertwined their hands. John rested his cheek on top of Sherlock’s curls, and held him for several minutes in silence.
“You haven’t had one today,” he pointed out. Sherlock had to give him credit; his observations skills weren’t pedestrian.
“I’m not having surgery. For now at least. I want to wait and see if I can cope with the symptoms…who knows, maybe they’ll die down or not happen as much…but Sherlock, I need you.” He began slowly but blunt. “I know you have difficulty understanding whatever emotions that run at high speed in your head but…I need you to at least stay with me—” John’s voice trembled and he took a breath of pause.
John sighed. “Something remarkable…something I wouldn’t give up for anything.” He paused, allowing Sherlock a moment to respond. Sherlock thought hard, but what could he say? Okay? All right, you’re married, no big deal? But for some reason, it still hurt. He didn’t know what to say, so he said just that.
John stilled, clenching his jaw. He breathed deeply through his nose and continued staring at Sherlock. The detective stared back, brows raised slightly to imply the provocation. Finally, John spoke, his voice low and as calm as he could manage.
Sherlock only nodded, and then Robbins left. He could hear the others murmuring, Mycroft sneezing, and Lestrade trying to stifle a yawn. The door closed and then all he could hear was the slow beep of the monitor, the slow descent each vital was taking, and the slow beats John’s heart was making.
“If you know I love you, why would you think that?” John questioned bitterly, but he remained in the tub.
“Why for me Sherlock? Why couldn’t you just…” John paused and looked away. He looked back up to see Sherlock looking down on him with concern. John was taken aback and narrowed his eyes. He was showing concern—actual concern. Sherlock noticed John’s realization and quickly dropped his expression to his normal blank canvas.
John tensed and then brought his arm back around Sherlock’s front, and kept his other hand firmly over his waist.
John turned away sharply and stared at the window. He thought he could do this, be cheerful and try to talk to Sherlock, to let him know he still has him, to encourage him somehow that he’s not alone, but it was all getting to him. The loneliness. The self-resentment.
Sherlock stood up, not realizing till now that he and John had been embracing on their knees. He helped John up and wrapped his arm around his waist tightly. John leaned against him, wrapping his arm around Sherlock’s waist as well. They silently followed Jack to the first floor, and upon walking outside; they were greeted with morning sunlight.
It was all getting tedious. John didn’t have anyone to talk to, and the ones who wanted him to talk,
“The game is on!” he exclaimed with excitement. John laughed and composed himself, and then stood up and followed after him.
Sherlock sighed deeply. “He’s going to be fine?” He asked for clarification, his voice hush and nearly shy.
“It’s my fucking business what I’m feeling,” John replied. He unraveled his clenched fists and glanced out the window. It was a clear day, and there was no sign of Sherlock. There hadn’t been since that day in the rain, just voices—loud, clear voices. John fidgeted and looked away from the window.
Taking in deep, shuddering breaths, John still wasn’t able to relax. He spent minutes repeating the same thought, as if trying to convince himself that this was just a nightmare, or even better if it was just a lie. Sure, it felt sickening to think Sherlock would lie to him after all this time, but a tremendous relief too if he really did love John back. It seemed too obvious; from the beginning of their relationship almost two weeks ago it seemed incredibly clear to John that Sherlock had feelings for him. It most certainly did not feel like a test, and recalling on their moments, John began feeling confident that all this was just a deploy; an insane idea Sherlock came up last minute to try and beat Moran. It was hurtful, but John hoped Sherlock had it under control.
John shifted onto his back, not fully awake with his eyes still closed. He blinked them open and reached for his jeans from the floor, and then began putting them on. He shimmied them over his stump, and then rolled the pant leg over his knee as far as it could go.
Sherlock shrugged. He had eaten a little at the hospital, and they reluctantly let him go despite his lacking appetite.
Sherlock swallowed and nodded, but remained silent. He didn’t know what to say; all of this was happening fast and he wasn’t even here when it started. He needed to find who was responsible, and needed an antibiotic before John got worse—how could he do both without the help of his blogger?
John closed his mouth and looked at Sherlock, his eyes flickering with surprise then relief. His mouth widened into a smile and his eyes crinkled around the edges.
It rang again. John sighed and lightly glared at him, insisting. Sherlock rolled his eyes and answered with a huff.
Sherlock knew deep down—very deep down—it was bound to happen but had almost hoped it wouldn’t, that maybe John would turn out to be like everyone else and declare him a freak.
John flinched from the sound of the voice, and closed his eyes. Hands touched him, tracing his shoulders and down the jacket. The hands unattached the straps, and John’s arms slackened from the strain. He sighed contently and peaked his eyes open.
Sherlock glanced at him for a second, his eyes flickering with…something John couldn’t place. It sent a shiver down his spine. Sherlock inhaled sharply, and faced the door. He raised a hand and held the doorknob, but then let it go.
“No time.” Sherlock dismissed. John sighed and pulled out his phone. He quickly sent a text of their whereabouts, and sped up to catch up with Sherlock.
John had ripped his pajama bottoms and was applying a layer of gauze over the wound and on the back on his thigh, tapping it to his skin.
“John,” Margaret raised her voice. “Look at me. John. Sherlock is here.” She motioned to Sherlock for him to come closer and so he took as step next to her.
John nodded and shrugged. He tried to think of the correct word, but came up blank. He shrugged again, and offered a small smile.
, to put an end to this mind-decaying boredom. His current case wasn’t actually his yet, as the people of Scotland Yard were too stupid to see the connections in these current suicides. So here he was, Sherlock Holmes, at a tedious pub, looking for a man to fuck (or be fucked by, he honestly couldn’t care less).
Without any other choice, and Sven closing in on them, Sherlock climbed over the railing. He dragged John over it and held him tightly to his side. He remained unaware, slumped against Sherlock’s side.
John breathed heavily, and cupped Sherlock’s cheek, moving his face up to meet his gaze. Sherlock swallowed tightly, and then nodded roughly, his curls bouncing around his face.
“Should we head home then?” John asked, his tone strictly impassive that is sent a shiver down Sherlock’s spine. He whipped around to see John and his breath caught.
Sherlock glared at the man and then smiled back, cheekily. “You’re too confident. An army doctor turned brain surgeon, and illegal work on the side. You’re too obvious; you have too much desire for recognition. You’re just a narcissistic fool.” The detective teased. “Moran was blinded by his need for revenge. But you, you did it just for the appreciation of your skill. There’s always something Moriarty overlooks. In this case, your ignorance for anything but yourself.”
Slowly, John shifted back and looked into Sherlock’s grey-green eyes. He gave the detective a weak smile, who grinned back, and then headed to his bedroom.
“John?” Sherlock sounded confused and slowly came to his side. His hand grazed John’s shoulder, and John flinched automatically. Sherlock took a step back and withdrew his hand.
After he finished the cup of fruit, John fell into a light doze, and was woken up by the sound of quiet talking.
“Exactly. The scene is still sealed of. His wife is being taken care of by the family. There’s another thing.”
Sherlock moved to foot of the bed and lifted up the alabaster blanket, without looking at John. John looked downward, and saw his leg, a thick bandage wrapped around the knee and then his leg stopped there.
Holding his desperate desire to smother John with his love, Sherlock rested his palm on the desk for several seconds, and then turned on his heal and left.
“How did you—er, find out? I mean, a brain tumor’s kinda rare? Did you recognize the symptoms or something?” Harry asked.
“No problem. And ask him a few times for the next few days if he’s in pain. Alzheimer patients usually don’t remember if they’ve told anyone about pain.
“472,” Kim piqued up. Mycroft raised his eyebrows and then nodded towards her. “You have a lead, better get on with it. In the meantime, I need to talk to Stan; maybe he’ll know where John has gone, if they were in this together. Sherlock, get dress, you’re coming with me.”
John raised his left hand a few inches off the blanket, but he couldn’t hold it for more than a few seconds before he dropped it back into his lap. Mandy smiled assuringly and put the pencil away. John’s back started to ache, so he tried to lean back, but then Vanessa’s hold strengthened.
Sherlock nodded and peered up at John hesitantly. “Does this mean…is this a celebratory thing or a let’s-get-drunk kind of thing?”
“I did it to make sure John, Mrs. Hudson, and Lestrade would be safe. I didn’t ask to meet with you to discuss my obvious motives as to why I was presumed dead.” Sherlock said coldly.
Sherlock lowered his gaze for a brief moment, and then met his eyes. “I made a mistake,” he whispered.
John remained standing. He was looking at Sherlock intently, his fists clenching slightly as if angry but his face was conveying both bewilderment and…was that affection?
Flashes of what had happened three years ago engulfed John’s vision, and then they were gone, and a tight ache shoved him suddenly back into reality. He focused his vision to find Sherlock below him, holding on tightly to his wrist and dangling in midair.
Sherlock ignored the tightness in his chest and Mary’s soft whimpers, and kept his face blank. “When did you kill him?”
“Hm…” Sherlock trailed off. Whatever his body did, John must have noticed the shift and stepped in front of him, disrupting his view.
Sherlock hesitated. Johns felt a surge of anger and leaned forward stiffly. He placed his palms on the ground and pushed himself up. Sherlock hurriedly reached forward to help him, but John shook him off and then stood up. He stumbled, and quickly caught himself against the wall.
John took another breath and moved his eyes to the cut on Sherlock’s forehead. “You may have a concussion. Are you feeling light-headed—?”
It wasn’t until evening when John came back, hesitantly at first, then as normal as possible as he sat in his chair. Sherlock had been starting at the door since then, and blinked when John had coughed.
“I’ve got to go. But I’ll be back soon,” he said with a smirk. He climbed off and fixed himself as Sherlock buttoned his shirt.
“His kidneys are starting to fail, which is a sign of septic. His lungs aren’t looking so good, and eventually, we’ll have to put him on a ventilator.”
friends. A long time ago Sherlock had separated himself from sentiment; all it did was cause hurt and confusion. There was no logic in relationships. Sex was easier. It was just a release, and because of that one night with John, he wouldn’t be needing that kind of release for a reasonable amount of time—longer than the average human, much longer— or until he hits a dry spot of cases. For now, he was perfectly fine. It was all going to be fine.
The detective couldn’t bare the idea of disappointing John; he himself was the one person John was loyal to: believing in that lie would ruin everything they had.
John hummed and then began pushing Sherlock in the direction toward their room, stumbling slightly over the rug and the chairs in the kitchen. Finally in the room, Sherlock collapsed backwards on the bed, and John ran his hands down his sides as he sucked a love bite on Sherlock’s pale neck.
John nodded as he sat down. “Yeah. Go ahead on the case now. Who knows, it might be a long one.” John offered a grin, but it was strained. Sherlock seemed to think for a moment, and then he stood up in a flash and put his coat on.
“John Watson, you are the bravest, kindest, wisest human being that I’ve had the good fortune of knowing. It took me so long to accept the fact that you will never leave, and I walked to you today for the first time in more than a year, and I’ve never been prouder of myself. Everything—as much as I can, I’ll do it from here on out, and will be for you, and will be for us.”
“We’re on the kitchen table John,” Sherlock reminded him after a moment of silently enjoying the close attention. “You can take you time next time. For now, I want you to fuck me.”
Mary scoffed but Sherlock continued. “You only became apart of this because of Stan. You found out it was your father who shot O’Brian. Stan convinced you to join him and Lee to frame Bauer, to protect Moran, but that failed. So you choose the doctor, claiming it was malpractice. Stan reconnected with Bauer, tying him in, but you all were fooled when Bauer was working as a double agent, working with an underground network back in the states to prove his innocence. You wanted to impress your father, so you even tried to run over John—yes was you, there’ll be surveillance footage found soon enough, so don’t bother denying it. It became messy and pathetic, I’m surprise you managed to get away with it for, oh,” Sherlock glanced at his watch. “Sixteen hours.”
“Um, I saw Moran shoot you, then it’s just bits and pieces, but I remember killing him, and then his accomplice, Sven, took me to another room. And then…” John blinked rapidly and clenched his jaw.
“I wouldn’t think so. I managed to track him back here in London where I found out he was checking on John, proving to himself that it isn’t him behind the damage.”
Sherlock stood up and knelt in front of John. Their close proximity shocked him for a moment, and he can almost feel Sherlock’s breath mingle with his.
I'm working the next 3 days, so I probably won't update until Sunday night, or Monday, unless there's a lot of comments then I'll aim for Saturday :)
John shook his head. “I can wait. Tell me.” He smiled, although he realized he was forcing it slightly. Sherlock smiled back, and told him about the case. John managed to stay awake during the whole thing, and was impressed Sherlock had solved it because of the way the nanny holds her purse. Though as Sherlock finished, John finally started to drift off.
“Let’s not get into a battle of deductions now, Sherlock. I’ll look into her past, and let you know if I get anything. Moran is about to question Anthea, so I need to watch that, make sure he plays fairly.”
“That’s one way of seeing it. It is a high likelihood that Moran will kidnap John. You can tell John that Moran is alive, but I recommend not telling him that he will be kidnapped in few days time.”
Why had John kept this a secret? It wasn’t as if they were divorced. They were still married, according to Mary’s ring,
“Sherlock…just come here,” John gently grasped hold of Sherlock by the back of his shoulders and pulled him back to direct him to his chair. Sherlock tried to shove him off but was growing frustrated with his weak attempts and lost his temper.
The door opened, catching John off guard. His eyes widened slightly as he saw Victor enter hesitantly, and then suddenly pain shot through his left leg, and he lost his balance with a grimace. He started to fall down, but then arms held him firmly and straightened him back up. Mandy and Sherlock gently guided him to the edge of the bed.
Sherlock’s gaze softened, and then his eyes narrowed. He stared at John’s face; John shifted his balance, feeling uncomfortable under Sherlock’s gaze this time, and he had no idea what he looked like, but would bet it was obvious he had just had a nightmare—one of the worst ones too.
“But not the Prime Minister. Nor the head of MI6 or any British government head of office.” Mycroft pointed out. “You and your President do not have jurisdiction here. This is a British building. If he were in the American embassy, then you would, but he’s not, so the warrant can not apply.”
Mycroft scoffed. “We can analyze the legitimacy of this confirmation, but John needs medical attention. Bring whatever information you managed to get in to the conference room in three minutes,” Mycroft snapped, and then left, immediately heading to the room he mentioned. Kim followed him, but Sherlock remained where he was, waiting for Moran to leave.
John tossed and turned during the night. He didn’t have nightmares, but he didn’t have any good dreams either. Memories flashed through his mind, sending shivers through his body without ever really leaving.
John inhaled deeply. “And sleeping will help, hm? I have to take care of you. I can’t just take time for myself—.”
Sighing, John shifted his balance on his left foot. He moved the crutches to his left side, and placed them under his arm, and then he reached forward with his right hand and gently grazed Sherlock’s shoulder.
“You’re like my knight in shinning armor.” John teased, resting his forehead lightly onto his lover’s.
He followed Jack to the lower level and to a different hallway. The floor was carpet, and there were doors on both sides. Jack was a step ahead, holding his gun at the ready, while Sherlock followed him. They reached the corner and turned, only to see a man with a gun walking their way, wearing a mask. Sherlock immediately knew it wasn’t John, because he was walking steadily.
“What about others? They took the authors name and one fairytale; they may have taken others. What are some others?”
“Sally,” Lestrade turned to the woman. “Talk to Kingston. See if he can give some names. I’ll get a narcotics team to inspect the room Sherlock found.”
Once he was treading water, they both relaxed. The water was cold, but not unbearable. John stayed afloat without much difficulty, but flinched slightly and attempted to loosen his left shoulder.
Sherlock immediately wrapped his arms around John’s back and helped him sit up. The shower was spraying directly on his neck, and it was still warm.
John kept his gaze down, the hand cupping his jaw slowing sliding away. Clearing his throat, he responded. “No, no nothing like that.”
Moran’s face faltered just a fraction. John spotted it and grinned, matching the malicious one directed at him a minute ago. “You loved Moriarty didn’t you? He was a psychopath; he didn’t care about anyone, just wanted others to do his dirty work because he didn’t like to get his hands dirty. Did he break up with you; break your foolish little heart?
“Er, yeah, sure.” John watched him go to his room, and return a short time later with an old t-shirt and a pair of pajama pants. He handed them to John without a word, and then headed over to his chair. John changed in the bathroom, and returned. He hovered by his chair, looked around once more, and it was all starting to feel real. The shock was wearing off, and instead of confusion setting in, he became angry.
John leapt out of his chair and spun around. Sherlock was on the threshold between the kitchen and sitting room, his dressing gown hanging on his disheveled body, and he was still wearing his old pajamas.
The car sped up and turned the corner sharply. Sherlock pressed up against John, causing him to whimper.
John cleared his throat and nodded. He must have dazed out for a moment. He grinned reassuringly, hoping he looked apologetic. Victor seemed to take his expression for his word, for he smiled, and continued.
John smirked and undressed. He stood beside Sherlock and closed the curtain; Sherlock went under the spray, and John reached for the soap and lathered it in his hands before he started to rub along Sherlock’s neck and chest. Sherlock turned around, and John reached for his back, only to see a small prick on his upper arm, irritated with dried blood.
Molly nodded, and turned around to leave. Greg walked through the parted curtain, and greeted her briefly before turning to John. John acknowledged him, and turned around to face him fully, placing his hands on the edge of the bed behind him.
John shook his head and outstretched his arm towards Sherlock. Sherlock hesitated for a moment, and then took it, squeezing it tightly.
John stared at him for a moment, and then a very light grin tugged at his lips, though he kept it from fully forming. His eyes glistened in the low lighting of the hallway, darkening the blue color of his irises. “All right. We won’t go any further than friendship, assuming you wouldn’t mind having a friend. I may be…ordinary, but you’re definitely not a sociopath.”
“Don’t apologize John. It’s not your fault. Besides, the doctor said they should get better over time, if not soon.”
Sherlock’s tumble came to a halt, and he lay still on his side, his arms and face already feeling irritated with scrapes. John’s voice entered his ears, and he opened his eyes, not realizing he had closed them.
“Anything will do, I guess. I’ll just leave you two.” She went over to her mother and took her hand.
“Shh,” Sherlock whispered. He moved closer and tentatively wrapped his arms around John’s back, staying away from his lower back and anywhere below. John tensed, but leaned into the embrace, and slowly wrapped his arms around Sherlock.
John breathed in heavily and looked up at Sherlock. Sherlock met his gaze, and opened his mouth to say something before.
John’s surgery had been a success and now it was just wait-and-see. The surgeon had managed to take the tumor out and yet there still was a chance the tumor could grow back. John was still unconscious and would be groggy for a day or two before he would be fully aware of his surroundings. Harry sat by his bedside, slight worry creasing her brow, and alone.
“His friend usually came, but he was taken off the list. John didn’t want to see him anymore,” Vanessa replied.
*            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *
A movement behind Sherlock caught John’s eye and his breathing hitched, as his eyes grew unfocused. He kept his gaze beyond Sherlock’s head and his whole body tensed. Sherlock pressed a hand on John’s right shoulder, squeezing it gently.
John had barged it, and after accessing the situation, quietly helped him back up, fortunately not saying a word. However Sherlock was fuming at himself and beyond embarrassed that he had shut himself in his room for a few hours after, ignoring John’s nonsense talk as he tried to comfort him from the other side of the door. Then his stomach growled for the umpteenth time, and he silently entered the hallway to find John still there, and was carried down the stairs, both of them not saying a word.
John glanced at Sherlock. “Sherlock I’m…sorry,” he said, although it sounded like a question, as if he didn’t know if he should be apologizing, since he didn’t know how Sherlock would be reacting and whether or not he would want one.
Sherlock stared at the other man, speechless for a moment before answering, his voice steady and calm as possible. “I’m sorry John. Forgive me for leaving you when I shouldn’t have. But I am alive. I’m here now and I’m not going anywhere. You won’t be alone this time. You have to—.” Sherlock paused, cleared his throat, and continued, still looking at John. “You can do this again. I know you can. You’re the strongest person I know. You did it once, and now you have me—and trust me when I say,” Sherlock stepped closer to John until they were mere inches away from each other and took John’s hand into his own. “You have me. You have me.” He repeated.
Sherlock sniffed and nodded. Robbins and Margaret gently pulled the tube out of John’s throat and he weakly coughed before going still. They cleaned everything up and then slowly left the room, Robbins lagging behind.
“No, there is.” Jack reached forward to the man’s hairline and pulled; the mask didn’t go over his head, and peeled back like a second face. Sherlock’s eyes widened and he let out a shaky breath.
But his nerves tingled suddenly, and he paused. Realizing he didn’t know what he was doing and that he was just bored, John sighed tiredly and repositioned himself. He lied against the bed and looked up at the ceiling. As he fell asleep, he realized Sherlock hadn’t returned.
John lost his patience. “I swear Sherlock I will make your life miserable if you don’t let me come along. If you truly love me, then let me go!”
Sherlock breathed heavily and looked back into John’s eyes. They were swimming with tears now, however, with whatever strength he had left, the soldier was not letting them fall.
“What the hell are you doing?” John yelled as he stormed down the steps from his room and marched into the sitting room. It was too early for this, but he couldn’t sleep now.
“It’s just yogurt,” Sherlock said flatly. John had no idea what his face looked like, if he was honestly impassive about it or not.
John didn’t react to the cooler temperature. He was fast asleep, but trying to breath was straining his injuries, especially his ribs. Sherlock needed to move him, but was reluctant with causing him any more pain.
“I’ll take my coat off later,” John said with his eyes briefly closed. He curled his right fist over his kneecap, and his jaw clenched. His body was nearly trembling, and a slight layer of sweat was starting to glisten over his forehead, despite the flat being cooler than usual.
“Tolerable,” John replied shortly. His eyes fluttered closed for a moment, and when he opened them it seemed it took a lot of effort to do so. “I think I’m going to—,”
John groaned and tried to push against them, but the exhaustion increased and his vision started to blur.
John reached for Sherlock’s hand and held it tightly. He sniffled, and looked up. Sherlock was looking at him; his own eyes dry yet pained. John raised his arm and wrapped it around Sherlock’s neck and shoulders. He felt Sherlock wrap his arms around his back and held him closer until he was pressed up against his chest.
“I’m sorry,” John said. “I didn’t mean to stress you out.” Sherlock sniffled and leaned back enough to see John’s face.
John stood up slowly and reached for his gun, which he had Mycroft pack with his clothes (and kept it by the armchair during the day). He cautiously approached the door and looked through the peephole. His back relaxed slightly, and then he opened the door to a middle aged man holding a brown leather bag.
But things between them had still been tense. It was just a matter of time before one of them burst, and it just happened to be Sherlock. He told John how he felt, terrified and convinced John would leave him, but then John only took a step forward, not backward, and had kissed him.
The two men rode the waves of pleasure, and slowly started to catch their breath; John placed soft kisses along Sherlock brow, his hand coming up to stroke his neck. Sherlock placed his hand on John, squeezing it as he muttered against his cheek.
“An ambulance wasn’t called until at least two days after the fact, when a neighbor came by and found the body.”
John’s vision blackened all too quickly, and he passed out with Sherlock’s shouts echoing with James’s.
Cold dread impaled Sherlock’s chest, only to withdraw when John finally blinked, a tear escaping down his cheek.
John and Sherlock waited patiently outside of Doctor Shepherd’s office for his consult. Sherlock’s arm was rested on the armrest, his hand loosely holding his partner’s. It had taken a week to get this appointment, and fortunately for the both of them, that week gave Sherlock enough time to get through the rest of his detox. He had been mainly weak from the exhaustion, yet they had overcome that obstacle and now were ready to face the next one, this time together.
Sherlock entered the familiar sitting room, breathing in the smell of home. John sat their bags down and sat in his armchair, sighing with relief.
“Dammit Sherlock where the fuck have you been?” John whispered in Sherlock’s ear, sending a warm shiver down the detective’s spine. Sherlock let out a shudder and tightened his grip. He didn’t respond to the question; he would have time to explain later. Right now Sherlock wanted to enjoy the moment. He was finally with John. He was home.
John remembered what he did to Sherlock—no, to the poor waiter. He remembered actually seeing the waiter—just a glimpse—before being shoved into a police car, still yelling as if it was Sherlock. John remembered seeing just how
“Why don’t you just let him take me?” John asked, ignoring the appalled eyes Sherlock shot at him for saying that.
Without a word, he raced out of the morgue and ran up the five flights of stairs to the intensive care unit. He yelled for people to get out of the way as he sped down the hall, colliding into people but not caring about any of them. He came to a halt in front of John’s room, and watched in alarm.
John flinched at the sudden rise in Sherlock’s voice and stepped back, clenching his jaw. It was familiar, it all too much. He covered his mouth; afraid that words he didn’t mean would slip out.
“What is it? Is he not playing with you?” John inquired, dismissing the joke immediately, and feeling bad. Rosie shouldn’t have to be playing by herself while a man slept forever; it wasn’t fair to her.
Ten minutes later, Sherlock and Mary headed down the stairs to the Underground and walked through the entrance. Mary was having trouble keeping up, but wasn’t protesting. She followed Sherlock until he came to a pause outside a gated passageway.
“It’s called a cheetah sometimes; it’s a flex foot, and so is the other, but that one is more shaped like a foot. It’ll be good for—,”
Feeling slightly hurt, John stood up and went to the table. He sat down and opened his laptop and notepad, and began to type up their last case—the one with Canterbury and George Ellis. He wasn’t sure what to call it yet, but he began re-reading his notes, and recalling the beginning.
John hurried up the stairs as fast as he could, not knowing if Sherlock was in their flat yet or not. He hadn’t texted, and John hadn’t either. He wasn’t sure if Sherlock was giving him space, or if he was busy. But right now, John didn’t care.
Moran raised an eyebrow. It seemed like he was actually going to go through with it. John wondered why he didn’t want to just kill the both of them and be done with it. What he said next answered John’s question.
Sherlock sat back in his seat and looked at John, his face dawning with realization. “You knew someone with Alzheimer’s. A family member.”
“It hurts,” he whispered shakily. Sherlock altered his hold and rubbed John’s back, attempting to soothe him.
“Surgeon—neurosurgeon.” Sherlock skimmed the opened books on the table, and the notes. “Ellis had been reading into Alzheimer’s, which made sense because of his wife’s condition. But these books were primarily for research, not necessarily for caretaking, although a doctor specializing in the brain could have wanted more information to understand the disease…I don’t suppose his wife has anything to say.”
“You will not interrogate British civilians on British soil!” Mycroft interrupted furiously. “Who are your orders from?”
Sherlock inhaled deeply and shuffled his feet. “Can I, er, get some decorations? We were talking about it before…”
“Oh don’t you pull that shit with me again! Not this time! You don’t work alone Sherlock. I’ve been here this whole fucking time; I could have helped or done something. You need to tell me if my life is in danger because I feel like it only is when you don’t tell me anything!” John bellowed, earning gaping looks from nearby onlookers. He lowered his voice to a furious hiss and continued. “There have been too many times recently when all I want to do is punch you in the face!”
“Dr. Robbins thought about another way they could protect you from any viruses or infections. It’ll make things easier if you needed emergency help…”
John blinked his eyes opened, observing a dark, hazy figure in the distance. Pain hummed in his body, and he couldn’t seem to move. A sudden movement caught his eye behind the figure, and for some reason, he panicked.
Once he was alone, Sherlock looked at him, but didn’t recognize him or say anything. John looked at him for a moment longer, and then sighed.
“I know it can’t happen!” Sherlock snapped. He stilled, collected himself, and then flickered his gaze at John for a second before looking away. “I want to know…” he whispered.
Moran looked at him with disgust but Sherlock continued. “Yes I already knew that. It’s pathetically obvious. Inflict whatever sentiment-shattering-torture you’d like on me, just as long as John is unharmed.”
“No. He’s not. He’s just a boring doctor from the town nearby. He has two cats, although he’s allergic but won’t admit it. He’s happily married, no children. He and his wife can barely take care of the cats, the scratches all over his hands clearly telling so. He’s shorter than average, has no coordination skills so would be a poor fighter…”
A whimper jolted Sherlock from his thoughts. He walked up the side of the bed and looked down onto John, whose eyes were parted slightly and his face was sweaty. Sherlock reached for a cloth from the table, dampened it with the lukewarm water from the bowl, and then gently wiped John’s face, smoothing over the creases and wrinkles.
Sherlock looked at him for a moment longer, and then he seemed to accept John’s response. He lifted the tape for John, and then followed him under it and went towards the crime scene.
“Yes I am. It started with Moriarty and me. I finish this. You can stay close behind, but don’t interfere. I don’t want Moran to be startled and go straight to hurting John.”
“John!” Sherlock called again, and John heard it loud and clear. The cold wind tickled his neck and slowly his senses returned to normal, and yet he still couldn’t breath properly.
John’s eyes widened with horror, but his lungs started to burn and he needed air. He kicked towards the surface and gulped for air. He looked around but only saw the two sinking boats and a life raft that had floated out of nowhere. Police lights were glowing in the distance, but too far away to hear him yell.
“Whenever I leave you tend to get worse.” Sherlock had meant to sound light, but his voice broke, and he looked away.
Sherlock shrugged and tossed the book to the side. “Must have deleted it, then. The universe is rarely so lazy, after all.”
The ambulance shook on the way to the hospital; the sirens were loud in John’s ears, and lights kept flickering from red to yellow to white. He was in and out of consciousness, one minute looking at Sherlock, who was sitting beside him in the truck, and the next, in the Afghan sun, desert sand surrounding him.
A grin twitched on Sherlock’s lips and then settled down. “John you’re going to have the surgery right? I don’t want to force you but…” Sherlock looked back to his blogger.
“You left the chair out here. You need it to…” Sherlock trailed off. John looked into the shower and realized he was right. He had forgotten the chair. John inhaled deeply and flushed with embarrassment.
“I think…I think I might see you again Sherlock.” John said to the grave, his voice gaining stability however trembling at the last word.
“Sher’lock,” John whispered hoarsely. Sherlock turned fully around and leaned closer. John opened his mouth to speak, but instead, his eyebrows furrowed. His eyes became unfocused, and then they fluttered closed. Sherlock leaned closer, furrowing his eyebrows in concern.
…” He wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s back and walked him to the table, and then laid Sherlock down, as he finished the song. “Oooooo…”
“Last night was…good,” Sherlock offered, purposely placing uncertainty there. He knew it was good, but he rarely—no he never praised another being after a one-night. For some reason, he felt the man needed to hear the praise; it wouldn’t hurt.
“No this isn’t…it’s not you—you were dead—you were…” John stuttered before the familiarity sparked a reasonable explanation. He cleared his throat before going on, his eyes locked into Sherlock’s piercing gaze and his hand slowly drifting away from the other.
As darkness encircled Sherlock’s vision, he managed to choke out a name, asking for the one person he wanted to be sure was safe.
“Can you…” John trailed off, hoping he was clear enough. Sherlock raised the newspaper and covered his face completely.
The monitor beeped an alarm. Sherlock bellowed for help, and didn’t waste any time in reaching for the seal. He pulled it open and rushed to John’s side.
John carefully applied the crutches on the pavement and climbed out of the cab. He stiffly lifted himself up and leaned to the left as he pulled himself forward. Sherlock climbed out behind him and grazed his lower back with offered assistance, but John picked up his pace a little bit and stabilized his balance against the crutches. He walked to the front door with careful ease, and waited patiently as Sherlock caught up to him and unlocked the door.
John remained quiet for a moment, glaring up at Sherlock. He took the moment to compose himself and then released his hold and went to the door, opening it to see Sarah.
Sherlock held the door to their flat opened, and John headed up the steps. His leg was sore and unused to this amount of activity, but it wasn’t unbearable. He headed to the kitchen, and sighed when he realized he didn’t even have his morning tea.
John tightened his hold around Sherlock, and thrusted slower and harder against him. Sherlock mimicked his movements, and then John tensed. He arched his back and gasped Sherlock’s name as he came. He moaned and thrusted through the aftershocks, and then Sherlock came against him, moaning John’s name in the crook of his neck as he clutched onto him and thrusted through the climax.
Sherlock’s face-hardened and he leaned away, diminishing their contact. “You don’t want to be with me—”
The consulting detective paused in front of John, out of breath and flushed after an obvious sprint from Bart’s. It took John a painfully long moment to look up from the table and see the man standing in front of him.
“All right,” Lestrade stopped in his tracks and motioned to the door. “He’s in there. We’re lucky we got to keep him here on assault charges, but it’s proving difficult to tie him with the drug cartel, even with what we already have on him. All of it is circumstantial; he hasn’t been caught with anything. Go ahead, and talk to him.”
John scoffed and his eyes stung. “You did this and then you just leave,” he said in a disbelieving tone. The moment the words left his mouth however, he regretted it and looked at Sherlock in shock.
“Sherlock? What’s that in your hand?” John stood hesitantly in the doorway; facing Sherlock’s back. Sherlock didn’t respond, however in a string of moments, he lost control.
“I texted Lestrade, who contacted Lucy Ellis. She gave him her permission, and since the house is still a crime scene, Lestrade is having someone sent over to collect everything as we speak.”
Sherlock still didn’t feel convinced, and his face must have showed it, for John leaned up against his elbows and kissed Sherlock deeply.
Sunlight was streaming in, blinding into Sherlock eyes even while they were closed. He turned his head the other direction, and heard a soft intake of breath from beside him. He opened them slowly, and saw John looking at him, relief washing over his face as he looked over the detective.
“I’ll be back in a moment, gentlemen. I’ll check the answers with the database.” He left them alone, and John slowly stood up and took a seat besides Sherlock.
Sherlock flinched, startled. He turned around, and looked but didn’t see anything, and then looked back at John, who was just staring at him.
It was a couple of hours before midnight when a sound from their bedroom caught Sherlock’s attention.
*            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *
John wrote down the details. “Thank you. And I will let you know more once we get a lead. I’m afraid it’s going a bit slow.”
A smile tugged on the corner of Sherlock’s lips, but new concern wiped it away. “But wait, shouldn’t you rest?”
Sherlock felt a wave of sudden fear, a feeling he hadn’t truly felt since the case of the hounds of Baskerville. Sherlock tried to make a noise, but when he opened his mouth, a choked cough escaped instead, and was followed by something warm dribbling down his chin.
John’s eyes darkened, sending shivers down Sherlock’s spine. “Anything?” John whispered deeply, licking his lips and looking into Sherlock’s eyes.
John hummed, causing Sherlock to pause and look at him. John blushed and bit his lip. He looked down his body and then back at Sherlock, raising an eyebrow in questioning.
“Don’t go dwelling on this Sherlock.” Mycroft warned. “I can have a further look if it would help you sleep at night—.”
John exhaled slowly and focused on the brightness of the outside. It was fairly cold, and he was wearing pajama bottoms and a thin jumper, but he couldn’t find himself to care. It was a beautiful day.
“I am sorry,” Sherlock murmured. John stilled and opened his eyes. He looked at Sherlock closely, and then with a start he started to understand.
He was wearing a pair of sweats, and underneath he had his exercising shorts on. He took them off and sat down on the chair, and waited. In front of him were a few different types of prosthetics, and the sight of them sent a shiver down John’s spine.
“No, thank you.” Sherlock attempted to take another step, but John’s hand was still holding him place—it was rather gentle, and surprising
John shrugged, not having an opinion about it. Sherlock seemed to take his word for it, and then headed to the door.
Here chapter 5, which is split into 2 parts because it's so long. If I get any comments on this one, then I will give you part 2 sooner, or by Tuesday... that is if I get some comments :)
John let out a long moan and squirmed against Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock massaged the entrance before adding in a second finger. A gleam of sweat was shinning on John’s chest and forehead, his hair sticking to it.
He heard voices, and then he heard Sherlock’s the loudest, as if it was coming from a speaker. He lashed out at anyone who touched him, and then to his horror, felt the straps of a straightjacket being placed over his chest.
“Ow,” he said aggravated. It didn’t hurt much, but he said it anyway just to annoy the man. Maybe then he would appear rude and they would stop running into each other.
Sherlock tightened his coat around his blogger and didn’t acknowledge the paramedics as they attempted to transfer John onto the stretcher. He hadn’t realized the ambulance had arrived; instead Sherlock lifted John to his chest and cradled him.
John shifted roughly on the bed behind him. Sherlock hovered over him and pressed the back of his hand to John’s forehead.
“No don’t I was joke-ing, I was…joking…” He slurred. “P-pleassse… don’t leave. Stay. With me. Before I go…I ‘on’t want to be alone…”
Mike Stamford was really just a boring person to even lay eyes on, however he was a teacher with association to St. Bart’s, and had access to experimental subjects for his classes, which he often allowed Sherlock access to, as did Molly. It was therefore important to at least try to talk to Mike, tedious though it was.
John straightened up, back poised and rolled on his heels, about to strike, when Moran’s sudden command stopped him in his feat.
John was immediately placed into an interrogation room, but Sherlock didn’t keep quiet. He protested as he was ushered into the conference room; Mycroft appeared and walked up to Moran and Sherlock. Kim and Ms. Sinclair remained at the conference table, whispering a little but paying attention at the same time.
“I can’t believe David was the one. I mean he seemed so…” John looked up for a moment, thinking of the right word. “Ordinary.” He concluded softly and met Sherlock’s eye. Sherlock smirked and looked back into his microscope.
Lucy shook her head. “I’m not sure if Dr. Willoughby every recommended one, and we had switched doctors, since his office was far away. The others didn’t think it was necessary either because of her age. And we just couldn’t afford it. She’s claustrophobic anyway…”
“I’ve already seen it,” Sherlock said regretfully. He looked down John’s body, and scrunched his face. “Go and shower. I’m done—”
Sherlock grabbed the lube and shoved it into John’s hands, who swiftly got it open, pouring the right amount into his hand.
John groaned in protest and tried to turn away. Sherlock pulled him up onto his feet and held him up for balance, and then he started to half drag, half carry John out their room and down the hallway. John clutched at Sherlock’s shirt for balance, but at the same time, he tried to get out of his grasp and back towards their bedroom.
John nodded and kept his face soft. Dr. Bailey narrowed his eyes, however he still appeared cheerful.
“So good,” he said against Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock returned the pressure and proceeded in wrapping his hand over the back of John’s neck, holding him in place. John stood up higher on his knees and pushed forward. Sherlock started leaned back; he moved his hand to John’s back and placed the other one on one part of John’s backside, and the lifted him forward. John huffed against Sherlock’s lips and allowed himself to be pulled back onto the bed.
But John was already putting his coat on, and he offered Sherlock a light upward lift of the lips—wouldn’t be a grin or a smile—and headed out to hail a cab. Sherlock followed him without a second thought, his coat swirling out behind him.
John nodded again, and smiled a little bit bigger to show his gratitude as Victor closed and locked the window. The tall man exhaled softly and then sat down in Sherlock’s chair. John straightened up a bit and placed his hands on his knees. He kept his gaze on the floor, and started to feel a little uncomfortable with the quiet.
Sherlock’s eyes widened and looked at John. His chest was rising on it’s own, and his cheeks gradually became less pale—and alive.
A few moments passed before John realized he was holding something. He looked down and saw Sherlock’s gloved hand in his own. He looked up and saw Sherlock’s mouth moving, but it took him a few more moments to hear what he was saying.
“Is it really you?” John’s voice rang after it, uncertainty still there in spite of everything else.
“Planted. Her phone history only has the trail starting already in the files, so how did she get there? She wouldn’t have had enough time to wipe it all, and why wouldn’t it have wiped out the evidence we have? It’s planted, obvious?”
“We had a bit of a scare this morning,” John began. “Last evening, Sherlock suffered from a mild concussion, and he was fine through the night, but then this morning he woke up with a headache, which is normal. But then he took a nap—.”
John didn’t respond, but looked up and offered Sherlock a small look of gratitude. Silence fell upon them for a few minutes.
Sherlock sat up straighter and stood up with John’s arm around his waist. The doctor wrapped around a towel and then helped him over the ledge.
,” John snapped. He shoved the towel into Sherlock’s hands and then reached for his crutches. “Always your way,” he muttered. He turned to put the crutches under his arms, but his balance wavered and he leaned dangerously to the side. Sherlock’s hands were around his waist instantly. John flinched out of his grasp and shifted a few steps as he stabilized the crutches. He glared at Sherlock and then headed to the bedroom.
“I’ll take John home.” Sherlock swiftly stood up, and John followed out of the room. They nearly made it to the entrance, when Moran stepped in front of them.
The bow slammed into side of the boat, crushing wood and plastic apart. The boats screeched loudly against the quiet. John, who had started to run away from the crash site, fell against the railing, and slipped underneath, nearly falling into the water. He grasped the railing and caught himself. The boats creaked and trembled; the second boat’s boom broke lose from the mast and then swung, slamming into their boat’s own sail mast with a loud bang. The wires snapped and flung around John; one swiped near his face, and he quickly blocked himself, only to wince. He looked down to see a very thin slice across his forearm.
The hallucination eyed him for a moment in silence before responding. “You still don’t get it, do you?” John’s eyebrows rose slightly, expecting a further response. The delusion obliged.
Before John could say anything or move, Sherlock stepped back and agonizingly slowly sifted his eyes away from John’s. He grinned but then stopped himself halfway, resulting in a half grin, half smirk, no doubt showing his confliction as clear as day. John tilted his head slightly but kept silent. Sherlock backed away to the elevator and pressed the button, still facing John. He didn’t have to wait long before it opened and he entered it backwards. As the doors closed, he saw John still looking at him with longing, which bewildered the detective.
“Leave…” John started. Sherlock’s face dropped. John slowly processed what he said, and he bit his lip and shook his head once.
Sherlock froze and pushed John back. John bit his lip and lowered his gaze. He removed his hands, and started to pull away, before Sherlock took hold of his wrists, keeping him in place.
Sherlock stared at him and then closed his eyes. After a moment, he reopened them, this time, expressing defeat. “I’m sorry John. I can’t go.”
John stared at him. “I don’t know why you keep questioning this, I really don’t. I’ve said it in words, and tried to show you today, but you…you keep questioning it. I love you, Sherlock. I don’t want to leave you.”
John felt an overwhelming sense of relief and nearly lunged at Sherlock, almost knocking him over as he wrapped his arms around his shoulders. Sherlock returned the embrace, and they sat like that, with Sherlock on his knees and John leaning out of the chair. Sherlock pressed his lips to John’s temple, startling John. John leaned slightly back and looked at Sherlock, their noses almost touching.
Sherlock bit his lip, unsure how to respond. “So you…I’m having trouble…” He looked utterly lost, after this massive wave of sentiment had washed over him and was all because of
John shifted up in his bed and raised it upwards. He lay back against the pillow and looked intently at Sherlock.
Sherlock looked at him oddly and leaned away slightly. John furrowed his brows and looked at him closely. The cut on his forehead wasn’t bleeding anymore, and he had removed the gauze earlier that morning. Sherlock’s eyes flickered over John’s face for something, but couldn’t seem to find it. His brows remained drawn together.
“Oh my God!” John stepped away and slouched into a desk chair. He placed his head between his knees and breathed deeply. “You—.”
“You will, I promise you John, you’ll see me after.” Sherlock tried to keep his voice from quivering, but was failing drastically.
Vanessa smiled and nodded. “Let me know if you have any trouble. The first time is always the hardest.” She left; silence encased the room.
“I’m afraid it’s the only option. There’s likely some internal bleeding, and it needs to be controlled. And, it looks like your healed ribs re-fractured again, but we’ll take an x-ray just to be sure. Just hang tight, I’ll be right back.” Vanessa quickly left, leaving the two in a tense silence.
John’s face fell with utter bewilderment and hurt. Sherlock stared back, and for a just a moment John could have sworn he saw hurt in Sherlock as well. But it was gone, replaced by a dreadful coldness that sent shivers down John’s spine.
John looked in front of him; Victor and Sherlock were talking with Mandy, the physical therapist. Mandy eyes flickered to John, and she softened her expression.
“He could have choked or hurt his neck!” Sherlock interrupted, glaring at the doctor. “I wasn’t just going to stand by and watch.”
“Sherlock—Sherlock!” Jack shook his shoulder, and he looked up. “There are other men here working for Moran. MI6 are on their way, and will be here any minute. Most of the men would be apprehended, but some took Moran’s plan to heart and may likely kill you. They’ll be wearing masks to trick you…”
“YOU FUCKING ARSEHOLE, A SORRY EXCUSE FOR A BLOODY DOCTOR!” John pulled Willoughby up by the color, and then slammed his forehead against his face, feeling his nose break and spurt blood.
John gaped at him. “Well, no. It can take years to get used to it. It’s not like a shattered arm or, or…a hip replacement. My leg is gone and it’s not going to be the same, even if I do get a prosthetic.”
John picked up Sherlock’s cup of tea and walked to the foot of the stairs, keeping his weight as equal as possible on the crutches and remaining leg. It would take him some time to get up the stairs, but would it be appreciated?
The doctor nodded. “Right, well we’ll need to run a CAT scan to make sure there isn’t anything internal that we may have missed. And I sent his blood to the lab for testing, just a procedure. If anything unusual pops up, we’ll contact you. You can take him home in a few hours; we just want to make sure he wakes up. We’ll do the CAT scan as soon as possible.”
