“I can see that,” John comments, “So, why am I here? I assume it’s not to watch you get groped by a child.”
Anyway... ahem... enjoy the un-edited half-chapter. There's some adorable... um... it rhymes with "textual mention" ;)
The four of them have just exited a shiny black car Mycroft had graciously provided them at Greg’s request. Sherlock and Molly walk on ahead, arms linked together while Irene and Greg follow, mirroring them.
Irene slips herself into Sherlock’s side, watching little Dorian from the corner of her eye as Sherlock automatically brings his arm around her shoulders. The boy stiffens slightly but his change in posture is so subtle that Irene wouldn’t have noticed it if she hadn’t been paying attention. Interesting. “Think they’ll beat us?” She asks Sherlock.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, “Leave her be.” He hisses at Iris.
“Now, dear, that's not true at all! Johnny didn't I just get new wall-paper? And we just had the windows re-done. The floors were just cleaned last night too!”
“You alright?” He asked.
It was a clear night and Sherlock could feel the excitement coursing through him as he looked through the diary to make sure he had the correct address to give to the cabby as he got into the car. “Hmm... thirty-two thirty-seven Cowper Street.” He told the the driver as they began moving.
“Just name the time and place, my lady,” Dorian bows.
“Please, I need to ask you where they're keeping someone–” A frantic male voice sounded somewhere at the end of the hall, “I need your help–”
“–The photo in the locket.”
There was another moment of silence as John thought carefully about what he would say to Sherlock Holmes.
he asked, “Where's Harry?”
“Good, that’s good,” Dorian answers, smiling shyly.
“Of course I do. I'll go!” Mary nodded, standing up, “I have to warn you though, I'm a horrible dancer.”
“I'm sure.” Mary answered, “Now, I hate to ask you for another favour, but I need to find my speech for tonight and I cannot find the file.” She gestured over to her laptop on the hall table, “Do you think you could help me? It's on wireless so you just need to hit the print option I just... I–”
Yes, sister. That first night I met you I didn't think of you as anything more than the cabby who had driven John round London to help him attend two weddings. Still, I noticed the photo you kept on your dash. You and a woman slightly younger bearing a striking resemblance to yourself. Younger than you but not young enough to be your daughter. Sister, then, obvious. Next one's easy, you know it already.”
They laugh as they break free of their embrace.
John lies down fully, his face on Sherlock’s chest and he brings a blanket over them. “It matters to me, Sherlock,” he whispers, kissing Sherlock’s clavicle, “When exactly...?”
let that boy see your phone. It’ll destroy him.”
, the only fucking person
“Ah, well, I’m bringing Rosie over right now, actually. Sorry, I would have texted you earlier, but, well, I was calling a few others and then I was running out of time so I just got on the tube... Look I didn’t want to bother you with this but it seems like you’re our last hope. Do you think you could watch her for me? At least until Mrs. Hudson gets back from her errands? I don’t want to be late to work today and–“
“Shut the door!” Rosie repeats. John tilts his head at Sherlock in emphasis as if to say, “
Anyway hope you enjoyed this. Don’t get used to the frequent updates. I’m known for my long hiatuses when life decides to kick me in the gut. I’ll do my best but I make no promises. Ttyl!
“It’s Sherrock,” Rosie comments as she sees the photo.
“Wait, suspect? You have a suspect?”
“Sherlock has... he might've...” Greg tried, looking to the others for help.
“It certainly is,” Sherlock replies, still smiling and looking up at John from his position.
“Yeah. Yeah all three.”
Sherlock glances back at John, “Yes, fine, perfectly fine, John. Shall we?” He heads towards the door to lead them out hastily.
“Oh no! No, no, I’m quite sure I don’t want to see that,” he says, waving the hand with the phone in it in a negative gesture, “not my thing,” he adds.
But Rosie, like every toddler with the sudden mood to just do whatever she can to annoy her parents, just laughs.
“What? Stay here in a car that isn't working in middle of a lightning storm?”
The rain putters quietly against the windows of 221B. Sherlock stares out through them from his position by his desk with more than a little bit of disdain. He fiddles with the strings of his violin as he contemplates the hateful reality of having to spend a quiet day indoors with absolutely nothing to do and no one to entertain him either. Even Lestrade’s pile of cold cases had been solved just this morning and Sherlock can’t even begin to entertain the idea of visiting his sister at Sherringford. He is neither in the mood nor does he have the patience to deal with her little social experiments and irritations today, not when he himself is feeling so annoyed with the world. He definitely doesn’t want to see Mycroft and be accused of crawling to him for an interesting case.
John thinks about joining his girlfriend after putting Rosie down, but he finds that he’s actually not all that tired. He’s also still curious about what Molly had shown him. He’d admittedly thought about it the whole cab-ride home, but had been unable to reach his phone with Rosie in his arms the way she was. He sneaks another peek at the sleeping brunette in his bed and decides to just go and sit in the living room instead... and maybe look up some videos of this dance show - just to see what Sherlock’s up to, of course.
” Sherlock replied in an obnoxious tone.
Sherlock picks out a piece of chicken and stares at it, twisting his fork before popping it into his mouth, “I think I’ve done fine so far without it,” he grins, teasing.
“DADAH!!” Rosie shouts and points to her toys, babbling again.
“Of course.” John said seriously, “A perfect groomsman always does as he's asked.”
Sherlock answers.
he'd said, and later, at the pub, before their adventure,
“Of course, John.” Sherlock replies, passing John the nappy as the other moves to Rosie’s changing table.
Sherlock slams the door closed in embarrassment. His face feels like it’s on fire and he almost trips on his way back to the living room. Why, that nosy old harpy -! He can hear her laughing from here! …Although… he supposes that the idea isn’t one that he’s averse to…
Sherlock chews slowly on a piece of one of his braised vegetables as Rosie chews on the spaghetti he’s just fed her. When he finally finishes he carefully prepares another piece for Rosie to eat. Just as he turns to feed her again, he asks, not looking at John - “Why is she at Molly’s?”
“I don't want her to think I'm irresponsible.”
“Didn't want to alarm you.”
John grinned, it was rather cheesy and incredibly tacky, but he loved it, “I think it was perfect.” He stated.
Irene was dressed in a very chic-looking three-piece wool suit in a dark cool grey with a white-lilac shirt and a lavender necktie. She had a white rose pinned to her lapel which was decorated with a soft lavender chiffon ribbon. In her pocket she had a white lilac kerchief peaking out. She smiled coyly as she made her way to a rather mousy yet extremely cute looking bridesmaid dressed in a lilac-grey chiffon dress, matching Irene. “You must be my maid of Honour.” Irene said, taking her hand and bowing as she kissed it.
“Up, up!” Rosie encourages until his eyelids flutter open and his irises focus on her.
“God Irene, keep it in your pants, yeah?” John blushed.
Rosie wriggles out of John’s grasp and jumps down to slowly and clumsily mimic the kicks involved in the dance. John, without thinking, uses his phone to snap a quick video and photo to send to Sherlock later. Somehow, though, he is still mesmerized watching Sherlock and Irene moving around the dancefloor expertly.
Archie stared at her with instant hatred.
“I've never even seen blink an eye at the worst of news.” Molly said.
Tony makes sure to write the order down so Rosie can see, saying through a stifled smile, “Three meatballs and spaghetti it is. Thank you, Miss Watson.”
The waiter nods in acknowledgment and takes out a notebook to take down the orders, “Sure thing, sirs.”.
“Wait– John, wait, come on... Have a drink with me?” William asked.
John laughed, “Sure,
Sherlock rolls his eyes, “Must I spell it out for you?” He asks.
“Molly, there are several things wrong with your current statement. First, just because
“Oh darn, foiled again.” John laughed.
“Yes, yeah, she's gorgeous, she'll look lovely in the dress. You know, I don't have that many girlfriends other than, you know, my actual girlfriends. For some reason girls just don't like me. I don't know why.”
“No problem.” Gary smiled and took the jacket, hanging it up neatly by the change room and ushering John in for him to change.
_____________________
the other had suggested. “
After he sets the kettle to boil he rummages around the kitchen and is surprised to find that Sherlock at least has the makings of a good breakfast fry-up in here. He smiles wistfully. Either John has to thank mrs Hudson for taking such good care of his favourite moron or he has Sherlock’s new beau to thank. If this is the work of the young brunet John grudgingly gives him some points.
“Jesus
––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––
, Sherlock thought with a smile in his eyes as he began bobbing his head up and down, looking up at John (who seemed to be hypnotized now by the sight of Sherlock's plump, glossy cupid's bow lips stretched around him), sucking.
“Okay, have fun!” Harry shouted, and when Mary was out of earshot she asked, “What is she talking about? What finger work?”
“Honestly this just confirms my love for women. No offence.” She said, lips moving up in an apologetic pout.
' John kneeled beside the woman, pulling on the gloves even though he was not sure why he was complying but wanting to be of help all the same. He opened her eyelids to check her eyes for any hemorrhages, checked her breath, neck and hands. Finally he leaned back and said, “Asphyxiation, probably. Passed out chocked on her own vomit. No sign of a struggle. No visible bruising, anyway. She doesn't appear to be bleeding from anywhere either. It could have been a seizure, possibly drugs... no alcohol on her breath...so...”
John sighs and tries not to keep thinking about it as Sherlock passes him what looks like a glass of a plain fizzy drink – though he can’t tell which kind in the dim light.
Rosie squirms grumpily as Sherlock starts to hand her over to Molly, “No! Wanna dance!” She cries, her bottom lip beginning to wobble.
Sherlock doesn’t look amused, “Yes
“I usually look at the groom. His face says it all. The pure...
Sherlock pouts and attempts to continue to look affronted, though all the tension has fallen from his shoulders now and his eyes look more relaxed, “Yes, well, I suppose I knew that going in.” Sherlock replies.
“What’s that?” John asks.
“And even if he was — why should his age matter?” She continues.
She had opened the door for him grumpily and had let him in without a word, striding into the suite’s kitchenette.
She and John giggle.
With that John yanked his cane out of Sherlock's hands and walked towards his apartment building without so much as a by your leave.
“Oh brilliant, er, would you mind?” Mary asks, turning round for John to work the clasp round her neck.
The telly is on and he looks at the screen curiously. A couple in brightly sequinned white and red outfits dances to a jolly beat. John smirks, Molly apparently enjoys watching pop dance shows. No surprise there.
, everybody,
“Mycroft... Sorry, Mister Holmes...” John started, “Look... I know that Sherlock is your brother, and that you love him. It's clear you do...” Mycroft was silent and made no move to get up, “I have a younger sister, as you know, from reading Sherlock's writing, and though she seems a tad over-bearing I know you understand how I feel about her, because it's the same way you feel about him so... So, trust me when I say that I know how you're feeling because if someone hurt my sister, I don't know what I'd do...” John whispered then as he kneeled in front of Mycroft, “But, I need you to trust me when I say this: I'm not here to hurt Sherlock Holmes. Quite the opposite, in fact. At least... I hope.”
John pauses a moment while he passes by his bedroom door, wondering if he should try to address the fight with his girlfriend or just let her fall asleep. He finds he doesn’t really want to, especially since he feels the argument is a little unfair. He hasn’t seen Sherlock in months, especially since Mrs. Hudson went on a trip to her sister’s and John has only brought Rosie to Molly when he needs a sitter. He’s his best friend. It’s only natural to miss him, isn’t it? As for defending him, well, again, best friend - they’ve been through a lot together. He feels he’s entitled to care for Sherlock.  Aside from that, Sherlock hasn’t called him on a case for a while. Possibly since around the time John and his girlfriend had moved in together, so it’s not like John has been paying very much attention to him at all either. In fact, John would argue that once he and his new lover moved in together his life with Sherlock came to a bit of a standstill. John scratches the back of his neck and resigns himself to going to bed late. He’ll have to wait until his girlfriend is asleep. If she’s so upset by the subject, he’d really rather not bring it up again tonight, especially since seeing Sherlock and Irene on that dance show always seems to leave him with a heavy pit in his stomach. The two had looked happy dancing together this week – a contrast to last week’s performance, in which Irene had seemed very happy, but Sherlock had seemed very emotional. Then there was the fact that it had been a week and Sherlock hadn’t replied to John’s text. John had been worried that the man was upset with him, but perhaps he was just busy.
“What about Jennifer?” John asked.
“So here's to the most perfect couple,” John finished, his expression clearly saying what he truly meant as he raised his glass, “brought together by destiny. I'm so proud of you baby sister.” He brought his glass to his lips and drank, staring Harry down, daring her to get up and say something.
find you.” He smiled unpleasantly and followed the nurse out, clicking the door shut behind him.
Sherlock gives him an exasperated sigh, “Fine.” He closes his eyes and takes another deep breath before replying, “I
Sherlock had shielded his head with his hands at her attack until he’d managed to literally pull the rug out from under her, making her topple backward, but not before the big man caught her just before she hit the floor. He’d looked like he was about to attack Sherlock until Irene held him back, “No, no, darling, it’s alright. Miss Adler is finished with this little worm.” She had left the flat then and had locked herself in a suite in Soho, where Sherlock found her hours later after he’d recovered from her beating.
“Ow, John, you’re hurting me!” His girlfriend protests and John blinks, frightened. He drops her hand immediately.
“What?” John asks, embarrassed and irritated all at once because he can’t believe he’s having this argument with yet another girlfriend and he’s not even living with Sherlock anymore. His posture stiffens as he remembers the words of one of his previous lovers spitting in fury, “
Irene hands Molly the baby bag and Sherlock grabs the spare keys from under his skull. They all go down to let Molly into Mrs. Hudson’s apartment. “Probably best if you wait inside with her until Irene texts you the all-clear,” Sherlock says, “John would murder all of us if Rosie ends up in the middle of some stupid scandal, and I would come back from the dead again just to help him hide the bodies.”
“What...? Oh fine, whatever... m'not lookin', alright?” the cabby conceded as they sped towards their destination.
“It was, wasn’t it?” Sherlock agrees.
be a little excited for me.”
John’s girlfriend shakes his head, “Can I be honest?” She replies, her face falling a bit.
Molly feels her face heat in a blush and she turns her attention to the stage to watch the dancers. The man smirks and Molly feels his eyes on her for a second before he also turns to settle in to watch the performance.
John stares in confusion at the man,
“What? How? Who is she?” John asked, suddenly very terrified.
Sherlock snuffles, and tightens his grip on John. John strokes his fingers through his hair until sleep finally claims him as well. After a few minutes both men are snoring soundly in a blissful and dreamless sleep.
, John thinks – he’s already asking about it, and to be fair he did partially come out so he could figure out just what the hell is going on there anyway –
“–shh, yes, Mycroft, told me, but you know what, Sherlock? I'm glad he told me because you never would have. Look, I'm not Victor, I'm nothing like him–”
“Oh,” Dorian says, his cheeks flushing in pleasure, assuming Sherlock is flirting back, which, admittedly Sherlock is doing, hoping to charm some information out of the naive little twit. Sherlock would feel guiltier if he wasn’t already used to using his charms to gain information on cases, besides, a few couple of questions wouldn’t hurt anyone. So long as he didn’t let things get too far, everything would be okay.
“Oh... well she...” John searched for something... anything he could say against Mary and could find nothing really horrible about her, “She um... enjoys going to the gun range, which I think is a little odd, and she's got suspiciously good aim for a civilian and that honestly scares me a bit.”
“John Watson, I presume.” Mycroft hissed at him, glowering.
“Hmmm I wonder what happened to '
John's eyes darkened as he read the title, “Bachelor John Watson, Groomsman Extraordinaire by Sherlock Holmes?”
Sherlock’s brow wrinkles. Today doesn’t mark any particularly special day that he can remember, and The Woman doesn’t usually text him without an excuse. He contemplates whether or not he should even bother checking it. Most likely she’s just bored and wants to get a rise out of him. He snaps the violin case shut, clicking the latches into place and just happens to pass by his phone, which sits on the coffee table. He also just so happens to glance at the message flashing on the screen.
“Sorry John! She exhales - Rosie’s just in my bedroom sleeping. I’ll go fetch her. Meantime, won’t you come in?” Molly gestures at the hall.
“Weird innit?” Harry answered taking her tea and grinning at John.
is what I need from you right now.”
Hours later Sherlock stormed into Mycroft's office at the London Journal. “WHAT THE
“But you still can’t make me say it.”
Greg shifts beside them and Sherlock turns to him with a questioning look, but he doesn’t comment. Instead his eyes shift between Greg and John, “What do you say, gents? Into battle?” He shouts dramatically. Greg smirks and nods his head in the direction behind Sherlock — “Looks like the battle is coming to you, mate,” he yells over the pounding music.
shouldn’t be thinking about this, but also because it was inappropriate on so many other levels. He knew exactly who he was thinking about when those images rolled into his mind, and it most certainly is not a good thing that he thinks of this person that way.
from? But he'd learned not to question Eurus' trains of thought by now. Her mind was faster than his own. Surely by now the observation she'd made that had brought about the comment will have been forgotten. “I wrote you another piece.” He’d answered instead, choosing not to acknowledge her odd statement. He had played for her a piece he’d written meant to explain that his fear from her comment of last week didn’t weaken his affection for her.
“Yyyyup.”
considering
Molly mentally high-fives herself for asking the right question and she moves strictly to strike again with another, “Oh? And why was Basil so relieved?” She turns slightly to face Henry. He subconsciously does the same, leaning the arm that isn’t holding his wine against the rail of the balcony.
He mentally shakes himself and stands to pull Rosie away from the screen just as Sherlock and Irene walk off stage to make room for the next dancers.
John spoke through the laughter, “As they grew up they both shared the same level of dedication and commitment to their education.” This was followed by a photograph of Mary on her graduation day, and one of Harriet dressed as a cheerleader with her hand halfway up another cheerleader's skirt and whispering into her ear with a look that was less than innocent. Laughter rang out in the room again.
“Oh how refreshing, another cynical writer who doesn't believe in marriage.”
“John,” Sherlock whispers against his skin. The two men pant, each canting their hips forward and back in time with the other, savoring the sharp hard lines and rough pulling strength of the other. Their low guttural grunts fill the already steaming room as they push and pull, and nip and suck at the other man. Sherlock begins to grow impatient and finally ends up adjusting himself so the silky slick skin of his wet cock is against John’s own swollen one. Sherlock wraps a long-fingered hand around both of them and for two seconds John can do nothing but stare. That is, until Sherlock reaches with his other hand over John’s shoulder to grab the conditioner from the caddy and uncaps it one-handed in order to squirt some of the slippery liquid between them, making the sensation of their wet cocks fucking into Sherlock’s hand that much more pleasurable. And the sight of it. God, it’s so filthy – it’s driving John mad.
“Yep.” He made a popping sound at the 'p'.
“Oh I know you're not one for poetry, Mr. Holmes. 'Believing in marriage is like believing in father Christmas', that's what you said, wasn't it?”
“John, John would you please stop apologizing?” Mary gave him a soft pitying look and stood to walk over to him from around her desk, “Look, the only reason I called you into my office is because I wanted to make sure you're okay, alright?”
“The Sholto wedding! You wrote a column that literally brought me to tears. It was downright the loveliest thing I have
John answers testitly.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sighed, “Fine...” He admitted. John waited in anticipation, “... When the bride walks in and she makes her big superfluous entrance... I like to glance back at the poor bastard waiting at the altar, because even though I believe he's an idiot for willingly entering into a useless commitment during a huge idiotic ritual, they... well they always look incredibly... happy... and for some reason, I...” Sherlock stopped.
texts me.”
getting on in age…” he teases. Algy squawks in indignation but Gwen merely removes a long silk glove she’s wearing and smacks the young aristocrat across the face with it.
John stiffens as a thought runs through his head at Sherlock’s begging tone,
Inside the flat John was finishing washing up his dishes when he heard it. He quickly put the dish down to go check who was there.
“She was murdered?” The bartender asked again. “You're sure? You're
John thinks as he reads the message, already knowing he won’t be canceling.
I mean you probably know what’s coming, right?
“I-Ree is coming to dance?” Rosie asks and John recalls that Sherlock never answered shy Rosie knows her name. He scowls just as he sees Sherlock wince at Rosie’s question.
“What? I'm sorry Harry, it's just, he told me his name was William Scott and I'm just, I'm a little bit shocked, is all.”
“Oh incredibly so,” John answered, leaning on a sleek black cane.
“Ugh, mate, I'm starving have you eaten anything?” Mike asked as John helped the staggering drunken man towards the washroom and directed him to the urinals, making sure he didn't accidentally fall into one.
. He looked so happy, while doing it too, and that was what made this so strange. John couldn’t have imagined Sherlock ever being happy on the set of a popular national television show while dressed in glitter and sequins but there he was, smiling while he danced with a gorgeous woman on live tv. He’s not entirely surprised when the results are shown and Sherlock and his dance partner receive the highest score out of anyone in history of the show (according to the hostess speaking) on a first round. John has no words for it - he just knows that if there are more clips he simply
Anyway.
John quirked a sad smile at that. He felt awful, hearing Mary say that after what Harry had confessed, but he knew she was hurt, and perhaps, if Harriet had simply told her the truth, and John hadn't interfered Mary wouldn't feel this way right now. He said nothing.
“Yep.” Sherlock responds.
I'm an Asexual Virgin with a capital A and Capital V. Not particularly sex-repulsed, which is I guess how I was magically able to pull that sex scene out of a hat. (o////o) I did actually do a bit of research for this... mostly by reading smutty fanfictions (
John–” He says, exasperated, “he need only
Sherlock scrunches his nose in distaste.
Let me explain a thing:
Sherlock receives a swift smack on the back of the bead from the detective before he returns with, “Oi, shut up, you! You’re not much younger –Mr. ‘
John gave her a false grin in return, “You've got it,” he said, taking the script to look at it more closely as a woman walked in with a bundle of clothes and Harry turned to her, gasping.
John stared at it for a few seconds. Irene snatched it back and the note.
Sherlock, however is predictably looking at the dead body Molly has just stitched up and not paying them any attention.
John and Sherlock sat there, breathing heavily as the shock of the moment passed and they waited for their adrenaline to simmer down.
XD. Listen. It’s hilarious. Also I know that this is what some of you wanted ;) so I decided, you know what, maybe not exactly IN THE ACT buuuuut... close enough. I almost DID have John catch them going for a round 2 in the morning but I also didn’t want Sherlock and Unnamed Guy to get too attached to each other. I prefer they just be friends after this and for John to be jealous for no reason just like he is with Irene, cuz he’s a fucking idiot. John. Jawn. Babe. You’re stupid. I love you. I’m sorry. But you’re so dumb. To be fair Sherlock is also dumb. You’re both dumb. Y’all need to just fuck each other. You idiots.
John stared at the back of Sherlock's head for a moment through the rain. He was finding out quite a lot about him all in one night. John leaned his body closer to Sherlock, pressing his face onto his back. He felt Sherlock stiffen for a second then relax as John's arms held him tighter for a second.
Sherlock’s pleased expression falters, “Ah no, I’m afraid I’ve been keeping my involvement with Strictly a bit of a secret from John. I’m sure if he finds out he’ll be impossible to live with, teasing me about the glitter and all that.” He winks at the screen, and gives a small chuckle. “Shhh. No one tell him. It’ll be a fun surprise,” he says in mock whisper.
He thought as he went to straight to bed.
“Good.” John laughed and handed him a sweet from his drawer. Archie took it greatfully.
“John, it'll only take a minute, I promise you..." Sherlock whined through the door, "Please?” Sherlock waited. Nothing happened, so he added, “For Mary and Harriet?”
There’s a long awkward pause and then Sherlock finally says, “Coffee! I would love some coffee. Just over at the bar? John, can I get you anything? Tea?” Sherlock begins to stand, stunning the poor waiter. John’s expression only darkens as Sherlock states, tugging on Josh’s top, “Come along Josh, don’t think we’re quite ready to order. I’ll just get the drinks myself, shall I?”
Sherlock looked worried for a second.
And Jack
“That’s not what I— god why is it so hard to talk to you?” Sherlock asks, infuriated. He rests his back against the chair and looks to the ceiling for a moment as he ruffles his hair with a hand again —and his curls are really in quite a disarray now. John feeds Rosie an overdue morsel before Sherlock decides to lean forward again to explain, “Look, yes I respond in text because otherwise how would I communicate with my deranged friend, hm? By carrier pigeon? She sends me birthday wishes and holiday messages. Sometimes she sends me messages just to annoy me. Last year she sent me a postcard from Peru that said ‘wish you were here, you should see the view,’ with an attached photo of herself in lingerie on a mountain - do you want to know what I did with it? I burned it slowly and sent her a text with a video of it turning to ash with one of those smiley faces you all love to use so much.”
“How d'you know they were having an affair?” John asked as they got off the bike in front of the pub.
~<3 B
“Yes, I know dear, we’ll be picking the lock.” Irene answers. “What do you think Sherlock?”
John thinks, trying to refrain from rolling his eyes.
John is silent. Sherlock had never admitted something so personal to him. So Sherlock
John doesn’t answer, instead he crooks his fingers inside of Sherlock reaching his prostate again. Predictably, Sherlock shudders and his body begins to spasm as John continues to tease him with light touches. "J-John!" Sherlock whimpers. John just keeps his steady pace, making his mind up then. He isn't going to stop teasing until Sherlock
“You’re quite the sight,” John teases as he rolls the condom onto himself and begins to coat his cock in lubricant.
“But?” Dimock asked.
Iris lets go of Molly’s hand at Sherlock’s pinch and replies something to him in Russian then she says, in English, “You ruin all my fun.” Just as Molly blurts shyly, “It’s fine.”
Sherlock tilts his head, “um... that’s not what I meant - I, um. I know it is,” Sherlock looks down at his feet and, was that a blush?
seemed to be enjoying his presence. John rolled his eyes.
Honestly, this was originally meant to be light-hearted and without quite so much mutual pining... but it's now Pine Central up in here.
Sherlock subtly rolled his eyes and sat back. John tried pressing on the gas. The wheels spun in the mud but the car didn't budge. It was stuck. They were stuck in the middle of nowhere... in the fucking rain... with each other. John wondered how long it would be before Sherlock pissed him off again and John snapped. If he killed him now and no one was around to hear, was is still murder? Yes, definitely... so, best calm down and try to find a way out.
Sherlock huffed, “'The underworld', really? How dreadfully poetic.”
“You hate dogs and tofu doing volunteer work...”
Sherlock merely hmmm'ed and began rubbing John's groin through his trousers with his hand as the other worked awkwardly to remove the zip.
“Hello, John!” Mary beamed at him, “Thank you so much for doing all this, it's absolutely wonderful!”
John opened his mouth to answer. “N-”
“Good. Thank you,” Mary whispered and left the office.
First, there was the fact that he had just moved in with his girlfriend a few months ago, then there is the fact that Sherlock is his best friend, and then the fact that he’s... well he’s
“Said no to you.” John took another sip of his drink.
. This was all happening so fast! It was overwhelming - but in a good way. He could feel himself smiling like an idiot but for once he didn’t care. John loves him. He
John gave a sad smile, “I dunno... She's just... wearing an awful lot of pink, like on her wedding day,” he finally said.
The video features a crowd of people in a circle, all of which are probably competitors of the dance show. Dorian is standing in the middle of the circle facing a beautiful brunette that John is sure he’s seen in other Strictly promotional videos. On the brunette’s side stands another brunette, this one with shorter messier hair, and a tall man, an actor John is pretty sure is named Algernon. He’d seen him on a BBC show about spies once. On Dorian’s side stand Sherlock and a young pretty blonde girl - the one that John had seen in Dorian’s promotional photographs featuring her as his dance partner on the show. The brunette is challenging Dorian in a sensual dance as the voice of the song playing in the background sings ‘l
). John recognizes a few of them from the picture of the dancers Sherlock had sent him.
, “I'm just so happy for you. I'm really, truly glad that you found what you were looking for.”
“Molly, has Rosie today?” Sherlock asks, his frustration quelled by Irene’s gifts.
John scowls, “Well yes, but also… why to everything?” He asks, “Why’s she here? Since when does she know Molly? Why Strictly come dancing? Why does my daughter know her name? Is she staying with you? Are you two—?”
Jack raises a brow as he shrugs off the light jacket he’s wearing over his t-shirt and hands it to John, “Leaving the best for last – it’s a good strategy on their part, but they’re wrong if they don’t think that I’m going to fucking destroy Dorian,”
“Just toss me my robe already,” he growls as Irene dissolves into peels of laughter.
section,” A thick and oily voice from behind him remarked. Sherlock's back stiffened at the sound of it.
Harry giggled through her cup of orange juice and John smirked along side her. Leonard turned to look at them in surprise at the sound “Oh, Johnny, I'm sorry.” He said, looking genuinely chastised, “Didn't realize you two were back there!”
John's smile deflated a little, he hesitated, “...Nothing,” he said, finally, “Nothing.”
say anything?” John asked her, sighing.
It was then that Dimock came over with a couple of torches, bringing them back to a serious tone. He handed one of the torches to Sherlock. Sherlock handed the umbrella to John and bent down to inspect the body. Dimock moved to stand next to John, out of the rain.
Sherlock takes this moment to re-arrange himself comfortably on the bed. He starts to touch himself and slowly brings a hand down to tease a finger over his entrance while he hears John route around in the living room. Sherlock throws his head back allowing himself to enjoy this moment. When John comes back Sherlock is going to ask him to fuck him. He can imagine the reaction now. He groans at the thought of it and finally inserts his finger, pressing into his entrance in a light tease. As he hears John returning Sherlock presses it in deeper then pulls in out slowly and sinks it back in, establishing a rhythm.
“No!” John grabbed at them defensively. Harry moved her arm out of his reach to read the titles of the articles.
“John those aren't exactly deal breakers, they sound more like pretty cool hobbies. Besides, you can shoot a gun and your army training makes you a pretty good shot but you don't see me freaking out about it. You sexist.”
“Still asleep.” Sherlock had lied, not wanting to see the look of pain on John's face again. It would be too soon if he did.
He’s also more than a little disturbed at the amount of flirting the young singer/songwriter that he’s been saddled with is doing with him. Sherlock is pretty sure the boy is about half his age, but the child is relentless in his clinging. Sherlock just hopes this doesn’t end up in some stupid gossip magazine. Being viewed as a cradle-robber is really the last thing he needs. John would be appalled at what a story like that could do to Sherlock’s public image. Mind, Sherlock has never particularly cared for his public image, constantly using bad press to his advantage, but he couldn’t possibly see how this could be used for good. He rolls his eyes as the kid drags Sherlock over to the bar yelling, “This way!”
Sherlock purrs in approval and grows bolder. He lifts his head to whisper in John’s ear, “Let me taste you, Captain Watson,” and he licks the shell of his ear for emphasis, biting it as he slides his face away to look at John from beneath his lashes.
Mozart found his calling at age five, composing his first minuet. Picasso discovered his talent for painting when he was nine. Tiger woods won his first club well before his second birthday. John... John was eight when he discovered his purpose in life. He was at St. Mary's Church, on the grounds of Goldsborough hall, in the heart of Yorkshire England; it was his cousin Leonard’s, wedding. It was their first big event since his father died and his mum was not in great shape. John, his little sister Harriet, and his mother sat at a pew while the church filled up, waiting for the bride and groom to arrive.
You know the drill... again.
He should have known that wouldn’t last either though, because the next sound he hears wakes him up completely and at once he is entirely aware that he is still on the couch, naked, sticky with sweat, spit and other bodily fluids, and also completely covered in the naked body of another man who is, to his mortification, in a similar state to Sherlock’s. You see, the sound that has fully awakened Sherlock is none other than the voice of John Hamish Watson saying loudly, “Good morning, Sherlock - I hope you don’t mind my letting myself in - I wanted to talk to y-“
“Oh John, I had the most amazing night. The best ever.”
“Yes,” Sherlock agrees, looking at him as he prepares another piece for Rosie, “Which means you get to have her all the time.”
The man grins fondly and turns his gaze back on the stage as the judges announce the next dancers, “No, not so much. She’s used to it,” he comments as a gorgeous brunette dancer who goes by the name of Gwendolyn steps on stage along with one of the other celebrities competing against Sherlock, an actor known as Algie Moncrieff.
Sherlock huffed out an exasperated breath as he covered his eyes with his hands,
Rosie ships her dads! Can you fault her for wanting her dads to be in a healthy relationship together so she can have two cool dads? Nope.
“No, I like thrift shops, I donate clothes, I tip well... it's not exactly the same–”
Irene watches him with a raised brow. The boy has been trying to wrangle her and Sherlock into coming out with them or practicing together and generally anything else he can think of since they met. The kid has been making every excuse to talk to them, really, but it appears that this week he’s tired of taking no for an answer.
“Oh no,” Sherlock laughs lightly, “it’s just I’m more used to solving them than being one.”
“John!” Harry exclaimed, her face paling for a second.
Sherlock’s message reads.
Jack squeezes John’s shoulder, and says, “You know what, Doctor Watson? I like your style. But don’t worry, we won’t have to. I’ll challenge the next person, and if I lose when their challenger comes, you can just follow what I did on your turn, or you can choose not to go and Algy can just go again. It’s up to you. It’s all about having fun anyway,” he shrugs, apparently very blasé about the whole thing.
John feels his heart pound faster and his breathing come in shallower breaths. She’s here. She’s back. So
It’s with these thoughts that John goes into the second picture, and that one ends up shocking him more than the first. In this photograph, they are still at the club surrounded by people, but Sherlock’s shirt has been unbuttoned more than halfway down. He’s laughing and holding Irene to his right side while she clings to him. An incredibly beautiful young man - probably no older than twenty – is pressed against his other side, one hand slipped into the opening of the shirt and resting on Sherlock’s abdomen. The boy is also laughing, and he’s looking up at Sherlock like he’s his next meal. Irene is smirking but there’s a fierce glint in her eye that tells John she is not okay with the boy’s touching. John frowns at the young man’s expression and finds that he agrees with Irene’s disapproval. He accidentally taps on the photo with his thumb as he scrutinizes the photo and a little black box with text appears over the boy’s face, and Irene’s tagging the photograph. Irene’s reads “TheIrisZ” and the boy’s reads “Dorian.Gray.Official”. John decides to forgo visiting Irene’s page and instead taps on the young man’s name. He’s directed to the boy’s social media page instantly.
Well... p guess I’ll cry now. Sorry boys. I promise I’m trying to put Humpty Dumpty back together. The story just kind of ran away from me and I don’t know where it’s going. I just know at some point you’ll probably be happy.
John stares at Sherlock, puzzled at the oddity of that action, “but… Why?”
saying
“No, I'm good, thanks.” John smiled, holding up his whiskey.
“Well,” John says, “guess i know what I’m doing when I get home. D’you think Greg knows? He’d have a laugh.”
The doctor tries to shake the grey cloud of depressing thoughts away. He can see the clinic up ahead and he doesn’t want to be distracted while he works, but the thoughts pass over the surface of his mind anyway.
Sherlock’s expression goes from playful to concerned as John’s eyes leave his as if he seems to shut down before him. He opens his mouth to ask what’s wrong but he’s interrupted by Rosie who suddenly says, holding up one of the sheets of paper the waiter had brought her:
Sherlock swallowed as he thought of the torture investigative journalism would be now that he knew what it felt like to solve a mystery with John at his side. The thought of ever doing it again without him was almost one he couldn't bear. He couldn't help the sob that escaped him as he dropped the phone and he put a shaking hand to his mouth.
Harry opened her mouth to speak–
“This section pays for about seventy percent of the entire section–” He continued talking, disregarding Sherlock's obvious anger.
Rosie lifts her head from Sherlock’s neck and nods, “Yes,” she says seriously, “I be good.”
“Oh excuse me, into what? Wallpaper?” Harry teased.
“Am I wrong?” The boy grins.
think I'm attractive?” Sherlock answered, leaning closer.
Doctor Watson? From the
He was dressed in a beautifully fitted black tailcoat suit, a white shirt and a cool grey vest. His top-hat matched the colour of the vest and was decorated with a black double ribbon. Like Irene he wore a white rose pinned to his lapel adorned with lavender ribbons. In his breast pocket was a white pocket-square.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Boring,” he responds.
Sherlock and John looked at each other with raised eyebrows. Sherlock shrugged and they turned to watch as a young man walked over to the hysterical woman and helped her up. “Wanda, hey, calm down. Talk to me, what happened, who's dead?” He asked.
Sherlock raged at the bartender in his head only demonstrating his frustration by raising his eyes to the heavens as if to ask 'why me?'
“I'm to talk to all of the friends and family.” John closed the door.
don't
“Just listen! Look, I understand how... 'not good' those other stories may have been for the section, but this one – this one is! Look, this man has been in seven weddings...” Sherlock emphasized his point by opening up the diary and pointing out the yearly calendar.
Irene ran up to him suddenly, “Oooooh, who was that and where can't I get one?” She asked.
“No, John, don't apologize for that.” Mary said then, walking over to him with a coat in her arms, “In fact, you've done me a favour. It isn't your fault I almost stupidly decided to marry someone I barely knew. What was I even thinking? Right? I must have seemed terribly mad.”
“Hey!” Suddenly a voice spoke up behind them, “It's the great and handsome DI Scott of Scotland Yard's finest and his brilliant partner, John Watson!” It was one of the girls from last night. John almost spit his coffee back into the mug as he giggled remembering Sherlock's gangly limbs dancing awkwardly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I'll try to make it.” Harry promised.
Dimock frowned, “But you said it wasn't him.”
“No!” John dashed forward to shut the door as Sherlock lunged for them at the same time. They both reached them on time and the men struggled, one trying to close the door and the other attempting to keep it open.
This was followed by a red plaid suit with a matching kilt. “Very traditional.” John stated a serious expression on his face. Sherlock tried to hold in more giggles.
Sherlock's voice rand out in his head as John flicked his eyes over to the closet stuffed with suits. He hesitated a moment while he brushed, letting the words circle over and over in his mind. Finally he rushed into the bathroom, rinsed out his mouth thoroughly and without another thought briskly made his way into the kitchen. He took a few large garbage bags and went back to the closet. He began ripping the suits out of their hangers and chucking them onto the floor. When he was done getting them all out he scrunched each costume up and stuffed them all into the bags. It was almost an hour later when the phone rang as he tied the last bag together with a sense of finality.
She smiles, “Trust me, virgin. Now tell him you are sorry to cut off conversation but that you have to go to bed since you have an early morning lesson with a little girl to prepare for because her father is a silver fox and you really want to get in his pants.”
John has his hand on the door now, about to leave before the words sink in. Help? Sherlock never asks for help. What could he possibly...? “Help?” He asks.
“With a gun to their back? Why would they take a poison which could potentially take ages, as opposed to a bullet in the head? Quick, easy, relatively painless. I'd rather the gun.”
he thought even as he held the phone in his hand and put it in his pocket,
“— but,” Sherlock tries.
Ha, okay so now that's over and done with... I know, I suck, please don't hate me.
Sherlock ignores her in favour of John’s reply, which is a simple ‘
Sherlock is paying them no mind, walking over to the couch to hide from the cameras while the dancers downstairs are judged. Irene, however, is still paying attention and is suddenly interested, despite the fact that she’s moved to sit beside Sherlock and is now leaning her head on his arm. She’s aware that the other competitors often go to clubs on some of the evenings, but she and Sherlock only went the once, on the first night, and they had left relatively quickly when Sherlock had dismissed their competitors as a bunch of silly twits. Irene agreed wholeheartedly with him, but after tonight, she could use a distraction.
“Bye!” John answered.
“What?” Sherlock asked feeling himself flush a bit at the expression on John's face.
Sherlock sat with the rest of the guests in church looking up as Bill and his wife were joined in 'Holy Matrimony' as they said. Ugh.
“That doesn’t sound right.” Eurus proclaims after Sherlock finishes playing for her. “Are you sure you’ve had sex?”
Sherlock continues to blush and he looks at anything but John’s face.
“Oh that's no matter,” Sherlock waved him off, “I'm here to see you.”
John sighed and turned to lay on his back, effectively crushing Sherlock's stroking arm. Sherlock didn't seem to mind.
Mycroft hung up then. Why the
John turns back towards him and with a lungful of air says... “Sherlock you know I appreciate everything you’ve done for me - for us, right? Everything you do, even? You’ve...” he struggles, “god I’m shit at this.” He scrubs his fingers through his hair and growls, starting over, “You’ve been a great friend Sherlock. You are a great friend, and I’m sorry I haven’t been a better one to you. I... I just wanted you to know that I see you. I see what you’ve done for me and I’m thankful for it - for you. I’m thankful for you. And I... I... care about you. A lot. And I guess what I’m trying to say is... I just - I want you to be happy, Sherlock. I’ll always want that for you. Always.”
Sherlock and John exchange a look, both of them doing their hardest not to start giggling at the fact that Angelo has sent them a plate of food they haven’t ordered and at Rosie’s enthusiasm for the fascinating activity presented to her.
“Hmmm?” rumbles Sherlock.
John raises a brow at her, “Yeah?” He asks, thinking she means the other night when Rosie had danced along with Sherlock’s jive routine on telly, “He a good dancer then?” John questions her as he unlocks his phone to read the message Sherlock has sent him.
“Hey.” A melancholy looking little boy walked into John's office.
“Right, thanks...” John said as he sat up slowly and inspected the back of his head for any bumps or blood... he felt fine, if a little jostled... “You a doctor then?” he asked, trying to make conversation with his apparent saviour.
Mycroft raised his eyebrows, completely unimpressed, “And?”
John laughed again and went to his room to change into it, bringing with him a large staff and posing while Sherlock took a photo. “God!” Sherlock laughed, “No, people do not have cartoon theme weddings.”
“Tell me more about him!” The nurse begged as Mycroft walked towards them, his frown now a full scowl.
John frowned.
So, naturally, when Sherlock gets a new text from the man congratulating him on his performance, instead of informing Sherlock, Irene keeps the phone to herself. She does this for two reasons. The first is admittedly out of a selfish need to keep Sherlock focused on the case. She can’t have him distracted if he’s to help her find Kate, after all. The second, however, is a little less selfish. Irene truly wants Sherlock to be happy. Their text conversations might be one-sided, and their relationship might be an odd one, but if there’s one thing Irene knows it’s that Sherlock wasn’t wrong that first time they met. She does love him. Sure, her love is much more platonic than she would have at first liked (the sassy twink was a bit of a temptation to willingly play with the other side after all, with his stupid perfect eyes and flawless cheekbones), but it was love nonetheless. She knew, the minute he rescued her in that dessert, that she would love Sherlock Holmes almost as much as she loved Kate until the day she died. Their friendship is important to her, and with that, so is Sherlock’s happiness. With that in mind, she begins to devise a plan to get Sherlock the thing he desires most. Of course, before she does that, she must make dear Doctor Watson stew in his own juices for a little while, at least until she can think of a way to gift wrap him for her friend. In the meantime, however, she and Sherlock have a competition to continue rehearsing for and a case to solve.
“Hey!” The waitress said turning to one of the other waitresses, “It's that chap from the paper!”
“Oh!” Mrs. Hudson came forward and wrapped her arms around both Mary and Harriet. “Oh, I don't know what to say to you Mary, darling – first you give John a job he loves and that's given him strength and a will to go on after returning from that horrible war zone and then you- you bring me back my darling Harriet! My sweet baby girl back in London! Oh Mary, darling you're a saint!” Mrs. Watson kissed Mary on the cheek and held both girls tighter.
John tiptoes into the house, balancing the still sleeping baby in one arm while he locks the door behind him.
Finally John had seen the cab start to slow down and he slowed down too. It pulled over by the side of the road. John couldn't see too well with the lack of light so he'd no idea where they were, but he stopped too hoping his gut was right. His suspicions were proved right as just then, the car door was opened and a man stepped out of the passenger's side. A tall thin man in a long black coat, followed by a shorter man of average build, holding a gun out and a torch.
“Ugh!” She screamed as she accidentally knocked over an empty plastic vase, “What?!” She yelled into the phone.
, John thinks. He lets out a huff of breath and asks Rosie, “You want to dance with the real Sherlock?”
And oh god, that voice. Sherlock could kill a man with that voice. John ruts up into Sherlock’s hand, wrapping one of his own and helping Sherlock squeeze them tighter together still, following his hand and helping him increase the speed of their jerking.
Carter hesitated. “This is a small village, Mr. Scott. Not very many people around in the first place, you either you get along or you live a life of awkward encounters.”
“Look, I know this isn't strictly within my jurisdiction, but I'd really like to help.” Sherlock said in a calm and convincing tone, “And with the heavy rain I suspect it'll be difficult for you to do this on your own, please, allow me to assist.”
Sherlock and Iris nod their heads, breathing heavily.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay.”
“You don't know what you're talking about!” John shouted, “She's my boss, she's my sister, they're both gay, and I am thrilled,
John whines. Sherlock is going to ruin him isn’t he? This is going to be so good and so perfect that John will be ruined for anyone else after this - he just
“You think?” John replies, smiling weakly.
“Sherlock! Sherlock!  Are you alright?!”
The very last song they dance to is actually part of Sherlock's set for next chapter. It's not a huge spoiler since I already used it. Anyway, the song is called "Besame Mucho," It's in Spanish and the version they dance to is, I believe, the original by Cesaria Evora. I also recommend you look it up on youtube. It's really nice.
“John, which one sucks less?” Mary asks, at the end of the day, walking into his office and holding up two necklaces.
Mycroft turned his eyes on her and regarded her coldly. “I want this man out of my sight. I don't want him anywhere near William Holmes. And if I find out one of you has put him in contact with my little brother before I see him, I'll have this place burned to the ground,” He threatened, and stormed over to the seat where he'd left his umbrella. He removed his coat and tossed it haphazardly aside, taking a deep intake of breath and placing his head in his hands. His shoulders shook in an apparent shiver.
John found himself waking to the vague figure of a blurry pale face with a mop of dark curls. The man above him changed shape from a blur to a handsome ethereal figure with high cheekbones, beautiful green eyes and perfect plump cupid's bow lips. He seemed to be saying something. He also wore a frown on his face as John's eyes focused on him. John stared, confused, when two bridesmaids appeared behind the man. Oh, right, Bill's wedding. What had ...?
He feels himself begin to blush brightly, but adds nothing to the message because he feels that if he does he’ll probably be digging himself deeper into the metaphorical ground.
John smiles at her. She’s so sweet and thoughtful. He worries for her sometimes - about how much she genuinely cares for Sherlock. She coddles him almost as if he were her son but at the same time is so devoted to him. He hopes that someday she meets someone who will love her the way she deserves to be loved.
John stares. Oh wait- !
Sherlock, Irene, Lestrade, and Molly all meet up at 221B before they leave for the party. Dorian has lent Sherlock and Irene each a copy of his invitation which allows them to come to the festivities and even bring a few friends.
“Anything you like, on the house, Sherlock,” Angelo beams.
More fluff.
-------------
“The story got a phenomenal response, and the police were actually impressed with your help catching the prisoner. It looks like you get your wish after all. You may move on to investigative journalism, if you so desire.”
He was doing his best to entertain himself by deducing as much as he could about the guests and bridesmaids when a slight movement from the groomsmen's side distracted him. He quickly roved his eyes over to the men to see what he could deduce about them. The first person he noticed was the woman in a suit with her hair up in a very chic looking style, scowling at someone, and the immediate second thing he noticed was the person she was scowling at, which was (surprisingly not the bride or the groom) the Best Man, –short, well-built, similar stature to the groom, military, blond and... bouncing up and down on his tows and anxiously (and mostly conspicuously) checking his watch...? Sherlock frowned a little at that. Had no one else noticed this? Really? It's not like the man was being subtle? He flicked his gaze to the guests... nope, all still staring at the bride and groom (
“Mm, must have been difficult for you,” is Sherlock’s sidetracked reply. As he watches the video he feels tenderness in his heart and doesn’t notice the sappy smile he wears while Irene watches him. It’s a video of little Rosie Watson bouncing and attempting to kick in some sort of toddler dance while she watches Sherlock and Irene do their jive performance on telly. It’s quite possibly the most disturbing yet amazing thing Sherlock has ever seen.
“Oh.” Harry said, looking immediately placated.
“Shut up,” Sherlock replies.
“Came to get a drink with my brother,” Harriet answered, but took Mary's arm and followed her to the bar, “Johnny,” She called for him to follow.
Greg watches, still a bit stunned as Sherlock twists and turn to a Latin beat with the same blonde woman from the video he’d been watching a minute ago. “No kidding…” Greg answers, smiling broadly, “Look at that! I had no idea he could be so…”
A few minutes later Sherlock sat on the couch going through the photos in his phone as John returned from the kitchen with a glass of water still wearing half of a garish pink 70's styled suit. “27 suits, John. You've got to be joking. I don't understand. You do the thing, you have the suit – just throw it out, this is a small flat – no offence – but you just
“Ah, yes.” John says, “Good luck?”
he'd be an obnoxious bastard in bed too,
"Not good? Sorry. Why don't I make it up to you? Maybe a new date-book. Or perhaps just a date?”
John finally found his voice then, and marched forward, “You said your name was William... as in
Sherlock had thanked her and planned to leave right away except his office phone suddenly rang. It was Mycroft. Normally Sherlock wouldn't answer, but right now, he thought it was best to stay on his elder brother's side, lest Mycroft decide to run the story before Sherlock could clarify the situation with John.
Dorian rolls his eyes, “I’m older than I look, Mr. Holmes,” he replies, irritated, clearly having caught Sherlock’s indirect rejection, “And it’s just one drink,” his demeanor changes back to a shy flirtatious look as he flutters his lashes and looks up at Sherlock, his big blue eyes reflecting the lights around them, “Please? I’ll order you something lighter, I promise.”
“No thank you,” They answered simultaneously. Sherlock grinned and looked at John. John blushed and looked down into his eggs.
“Hello, my love,” He greets, “How are you this morning?”
“Mycroft rarely leaves without it.” Anthea said, picking it up and showing it to them. “He... he got a call, or made a call... I'm not sure... the other night... then he just ran off looking frazzled.”
“Yes, Sherlock, that's what people want to read about in the
———————
Mycroft sat in his chair, apparently cool as a cucumber as he read over some files on his desk, “You don't make those decisions, brother mine
“Oh,” John answers quietly, and he starts to feel as if they’re leaning closer. He feels Sherlock’s breadth closer to his anyway, and those eyes seem to be sinking towards him. John begins to feel as if his eyes will droop as Rosie’s had and —
Sherlock looked out of the window awkwardly as he waited for John's breathing to calm down before he tried again,
Sherlock smirked, continuing his lazy strokes. “Hmm, and I assure you, I do.”
“What?” John asked, his head popping back up and looking at William as if the concept of saying no to his sister was the most ludicrous thing he'd ever heard.
John raises a brow at Rosie. Little traitor. He takes a deep breath and attempts to sort out what he wants to say but he finds staring in Sherlock’s direction is making him loose his nerve. Finally, he decides to turn his face towards the wall in order to get it out, “I wanted...” he stalls, “these past few days... when we went on that case. You... you, er... you seemed... distant. And I thought. I dunno, perhaps you might be upset with me? I just. I dunno, wanted to make things right I guess. And I... wanted to say something. Something I’ve been meaning to say, but have never had the chance to say... or rather, never had the courage to-” John stops again.
John simply smiles at her. He’s about to open his mouth to reply but Rosie interrupts by beginning to bounce and wiggle. John and his girlfriend turn their attention to the screen just as Rosie points and shouts, “DADDY, DADDY, IT’S SHEWOCK!!”
“Yeah, I agree, makes us look like a stuck-up high-class only sort of place. I will call the designer, let him know.”
“Such as?”
“So sad...” Mrs. Laurinston remarked, “Such a young girl,” As Sherlock and John made to get up from their seats.
Sherlock opens his eyes and leans forward to deposit the alcohol the young man has brought him on the table. He turns as soft a grin on him as he can and says, “No, no. I’m fine. I just needed to have a little rest.”
father's tuxedo.” Harry said, then, finally looking at John and smiling excitedly as she turned towards the mirror, “Well,” she shrugged, “Parts of it.”
“... likely no one’s in right now so you have nothing to worry about,” Sherlock’s voice is saying.
John let him this time, and gave him a flirtatious smirk, “Oh, I am a really...
Irene raised her eyebrow again and grabbed the envelope. John scowled at her and snatched it back. “Your face'll get stuck like that one day, you'll see.” He grumbled and tore open the envelope with his letter-opener. And pulled out a simple card with the just the following words typed out:
“Huh? What? Oh. Yeah, yeah I'm fine mum. It's all fine.” John answered quickly tucking into his food and sipping some tea.
Rosie tilts her head up in an odd confused little stare, “We danced already.” She states simply, her adorable baby lisp slipping through more strongly this time.
“Hmm.” John agreed, knowing full well she didn't mean it, but deciding to keep his mouth shut.
“Sherlock, I'm going to be your husband, I can tell when you're lying to me.” John deadpanned.
“I know she told me, Sherlock,
you're upset! You're planning your sister's wedding to the woman you're hopelessly in love with! You've become trapped in an inescapable little love triangle and all the while you are about one more monogram away from blowing your brains out with that service gun you keep!”
Wednesday: Gift basket for Watson, Harriet. (“Love, Mary, awwww!”)
“Letter for you John.” Jim suddenly interrupted and handed John an unsigned envelope from the door.
That same flirtatious giggle distracted him throughout the rest of the day as Harry followed him to work and hung around the clinic with Mary. In an attempt to distract himself John started flipping through his diary marking off new dates and appointments. As he turned the page to next week he noticed the words 'William Scott' written in large black obnoxious letters with the number '74375 625 221'. John frowned,
Um... I'm sorry? It wasn't me?
-----------
“Door’s open!” Sherlock calls down. He quickly picks up his discarded robe from earlier. He rushes into his room to quickly change from his pj’s to a fresh pair of pants and jeans. He leaves his t-shirt on along with his robe, though, and roughly tousles his curls, hoping he looks more like he’s not bothered with his looks rather than a debauched mess. He’s glad his jeans will do a better job of hiding his waning erection.
“No.” John replies, and very bluntly continues, “I know he’s one of them – One of your ex-
“You've got it.” John answered and turned them over, never disconnecting their bodies as he continued plunging in and out of Sherlock when he lay him on his back. As soon as he had Sherlock where he wanted him John pulled back as far as he could without pulling himself completely out and then snapped his hips forwards, quick and hard and dirty. Sherlock was no longer making any sense. He just laid there squirming and covering his eyes with a forearm while shouting obscenities into the air, every other word being “John!”
changing my outfit,”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes! I’m so happy to have gotten to see you dance like this Sherlock, really I am. You were the couple I was most worried would end up disappointing me after that first dance, to be honest – you see I was afraid that you’d done so well that you wouldn’t be able to top it, but somehow you have! Each and every week you two walk onto this stage and manage to do a dance that’s better than the last. I don’t know how you do it but I am happy for it. You’ve pushed all the other dancers to try harder and we’ve seen so many wonderful performances tonight. You two are the ones to beat, and everyone knows it.” The other female judge answers, her dark-haired head nodding in agreement.
During the applause at Bill's wedding there were some rather enthusiastic drunkards cheering and in one distracted moment one of the drunken groomsmen somehow elbowed John on the head and knocked him out cold.
Jack and Algernon finally let go of the protesting Dorian and Gladys to come to join them, but not before dragging along the other two.
“That was, admittedly, very amusing,” Sherlock agrees.
“A woman! That–That strange posh woman that came into town the other day.”
“A bullet?” Sherlock asked, sounding bored.
... caulker,” he said, emphasizing the 'k'.
“Yes, exactly my thoughts, it's why I insisted.” Sherlock nodded at Mary, looking quite satisfied with this solution.
“Perfectly ready. Is John ready?”
”  Sherlock and his partner pant as they strike their ending pose. They breathe heavily almost into each other’s mouths as the audience explodes into loud cheers and whoops. They’ve done it! They’ll be staying on for another week at least. They have to be, after this dance, and thank God for that.
you did.” John took it and frowned at the names.
“Mmhmm.”
Sherlock chokes and the red in his face spreads down his neck. It even feels like it’s blooming on his pale chest. “I don’t know how you can just
Sherlock shrugs, passing Rosie another morsel, “It’s average. I forget it easily so I guess her name kind of goes with it?” He seems to be asking himself that as a question as much as he is telling John that as an answer.
Sherlock's eye twitched just a bit but his reassuring smile didn't falter, “I am detective William Scott, this is my partner John Watson. We work for Scotland Yard.” Sherlock bowed.
was interesting.” John said as they climbed onto the bike in the raging storm again.
John huffed out a breath in embarrassment. “It's just... this one writer, Sherlock Holmes. I only keep his. He writes the best ones.” John put them back where he had them and went over to the kitchen to make tea. “Just... I ...enjoy... the stories, alright? The crazy proposals, the engagements...” John looked towards Harry as he put the kettle on, but she was already distracted, taking some hand cream out of her purse and rubbing it on her skin. “...Yeah never mind.” He said, quietly then asked, “So um, How long are you saying?”
Sherlock waited, “Yes?”
Sherlock gives her a small smile and greets her with a soft “Hello, Tess.”
“Adler!” Sherlock yells, making grabby hands at her but choosing not to chase after her. His energy has long recovered but he’s really not in the mood right now.
But he’s actually like really fucking sad about it and he’s like: why am I sad? (Spoiler alert [for John]: it’s cuz ya love him, ya dumb fuck)”
“Too bold of me to assume we’d be doing this again?” His … ‘
Sherlock looked at John's eyes and decided it was best to get down to brass tax, before John hit him in the face, “I just asked if you'd gotten my note.” Sherlock answered, “Oh and I have something for you,” He looked down for a moment and rifled through his messenger bag.
The video feed cuts to Sherlock and Iris (Irene) in a studio, holding each other and prancing about the room while Iris chants, “And one and two and, that’s it…” The video cuts again, this time to both of them sitting snuggled close to each other on the floor, Sherlock’s arm thrown casually around her as they wipe their brows. Sherlock’s voice speaks over the scene, saying, “We’ve been practicing non-stop for this number, as usual but I feel like I’m finally getting the hang of getting in some down time.”
“We'll talk about it after,” Harry said, turning to the seamstress then addressed John, “Hi!”
Sherlock doesn’t answer.
seen Sherlock at Bart’s a few times and he’d looked rather fine. She had told John of her most recent encounter with Sherlock three days ago to ease his mind, anyway. She explained that she hadn’t had the chance to talk to him but that he’d seemed normal as he exited the building while speaking on the phone in rapid-fire tones to someone else in a language that sounded like it might be Russian. Perhaps he had a case for Mycroft? John had nodded and had seemed satisfied with the information and had bid her and Rosie a good evening with a final thank you hug. Molly had smiled and waved them off and had spent a very tiring evening indeed. Rosie is two years old now, after all, and she definitely requires a lot more energy than she used to do. She’s happy she’s trusted to watch her, but she’s also incredibly happy that the toddler is finally asleep and will be going home with her real parent soon.
couple,” Here John gave a barely noticeable unpleasant smile as he continued, “A couple whose love is the stuff of myths. Their compatibility is so exact, that it can only be described as having been designed by the gods.”
“Don't be silly Mary, you must know the best help volunteering to clean up parks is given by petite vegetarian women in kitten heals.” In that instant John hated himself for how absolutely sexist that sounded coming out of his mouth. He needed to calm down.
“God, it's so good to be home. Six months away feels like forever.” Harry plopped herself onto the couch and picked up John's framed article of their parent's wedding. She smiled again, genuine this time, if a little melancholy. She turned to John as he finished struggling with the luggage letting the door slam closed on its own, “They were my age, you know.” She remarked.
Not beta’d. Not Brit-picked.
Anyway my loyal sweet audience who likes to read my trash, thank you for your continued support, you’ve encouraged me to keep writing this (and I’ll probably finish it before In Pursuit - oops.) I didn’t think I’d like this fic this much since I abandoned it years ago and only recently decided to post the first chapter and finish it,  but once I started writing i found I couldn’t stop. I guess, like you, I just want to fix the way season 4 ended, even if it’s just by doing my own unlikely extension to it.
Dorian laughs, apparently delighted at his friend’s pain, “Well it wouldn’t have happened if you didn’t lie to her about Bunbury,” he says.
Sherlock ignores him, standing and stripping out of his clothes. He pulls the other man to him as the guy drops his trousers, stepping out of them one leg at a time while he follows Sherlock towards the couch. Sherlock lies down, pulling the man over him with his eyes closed as they kiss. They thrust against each other’s bodies languidly. Sherlock’s partner licks at his throat and the detective’s back bows in pleasure. He holds the man’s head against him and whispers into his ear in that low baritone, “I need you to fuck me.”
“Nope, that’s fine. Three minutes is perfectly fine. I’ll see you soon John.” Sherlock says, hoping his voice doesn’t betray his sudden panic.
) “you've gotta calm him down!”
John gives Sherlock a knowing grin. He’s really rather sweet sometimes, Sherlock is. He acts like he’s some paragon, and most of the time, John believes he is, but in the end... it’s like Sherlock had said, they might just all be human. And Sherlock is such a beautiful human - the most human human-being that John has ever known, in fact. John had meant those words when he’d first said them, and he means them now as he watches the other man’s skin glow in the low light of the television.
Finally both men reached the countdown in their head and came out of each door walking to meet each other at the altar.
“–Obviously.”
Luckily, the rest of the people around them, which had been holding the circle firm and clear for those ‘in battle’ had now begun to come together, effectively ending all dance-fights for the moment. As the song begins to change beat and the next song starts to fade in with its own beat, John grabs Sherlock around the waist and holds him to his side, giggling. Sherlock can’t hear him, but he smiles at the sensation of John’s nervous little laugh vibrating against him. Sherlock puts an arm around John’s shoulder and nudges him.
“I didn't at first. It was the act gave you away. I know a drunk man when I see one. And I know you... Sherlock Holmes.”
“Please, Irene I am begging you,” They changed poses again, “please do not abandon me in this hell.”
“I... I um... just want you to know, Sherlock,” He said, raising his eyes to the other man, “I never do this.”
Nothing much in this chapter, just some insight into John’s mind.
“Oh Johnny I know you can pull this thing together quickly...” She said, pulling back and looking forward, her eyes sparkling, “and I didn't want to wait that long anyway, so...”
John raises a brow, “that’s a long way to travel for a condom...” he states.
Molly frowned, “Oh no.”
“John– I am sorry–” Sherlock began.
John tilts his head to look at her, “Yeah? You recognize that sound already, do you?” He asks her this with a slight bit of amusement.
“Tonight, after the competition, usual place,” Gwen replies.
John glares at him and pounds a fist on the table a little more forcefully than he thought he would. “I know he isn’t your neighbor Sherlock,” he mutters darkly.
Sherlock smiled then, looking at the carpet, then raised his eyes back to John's, the smile now a full-blown grin, “Let's do it.”
Both Sherlock and John freak out at the same time and each of them makes a grab for her. This results in Sherlock grabbing Rosie’s hand while John gets a handful of the meatball Rosie drops. Rosie squeals out a peel of laughter at their shocked expressions.
Sherlock nods in agreement and they both finally make their way back to the exceedingly loud party downstairs. As they make their dissent, John turns his head back to ask Sherlock who is just a step behind him, “So how are you planning on talking to Jack through all that noise?”
Iris doesn’t let go of Molly’s hand as she walks over to Sherlock, dragging Molly with her, “Anything interesting?” She asks.
Harry pressed her face against his chest and curled her arm around his back, “John you've been trying to take care of me and mum ever since dad passed away–”
John frowns, “Sherlock!”
. I know because she told
John doesn’t reply right away, choosing instead to look her up and down at first. He notices that she’s dressed up as well. She’s wearing high heeled shoes, a jewel-toned green dress and a coat that looks very much like Sherlock’s. Her hair is styled prettily in a messy bun and she wears simple yet elegant jewelry. Is she coming with us? He worries just as he finally says in greeting, “I see you’re not dead.”
make me regret it.”
–––––––––––––––––————————-
The people were quiet, all of them staring at Sherlock.
? Why do people sleep with people John? What the
“Dear God, how do you stand it? The noise? The people? Isn't one wedding bad enough?” Sherlock asked, deliberately poking fun at John.
... First he’d said he didn’t need romantic attachment and then he’d held John as he cried for the loss of the woman he loved.
The cab has stopped now and John is at last liberated from his thoughts. He pays the man and finally makes his way inside the clinic. He spares one last thought to his personal life, hoping Sherlock truly doesn’t mind having been saddled with unexpected baby-sitting duties for a day.
Molly meets someone special.
Sherlock’s lips turn up as he rumbles again, taking another step towards John, “Consulting Detective.”
Irene had turned away from Sherlock and stared out the window, glaring in silence.
As he walked closer he noticed that Mary didn't seem to be paying attention to what her friends were saying. She had her eyes focused towards the entrance of the club, her neck straining to look above the crowd.
Sherlock blinked, “I... didn't follow that at all but I believe the latter is correct, the 'spinning crap' one, as you so elegantly put it.”
John sighed, “But Harry's my sister. I
Irene grins. “I thought so,” she replies.
Len smiled grimly at that then quickly turned back to the mirror, his expression falling again when looking at the stain, “What am I going to do? She's going to be here any minute! What the fffffuuuuuuudge brownies...” (Len caught himself before cursing again) “am I going to do?”
“Surprised? Shocked? Confused?” Molly suggests.
I'm kidding.
He puts his now mostly empty champagne glass on the table in front of him and shuts his eyes. Then, he rests his head back against the long velvet settee they’re all sharing and lets out a slow breath. He tries to count in his mind just as John had taught him and concentrate on a single point, only John isn’t here and Sherlock is finding it difficult to find a single point to concentrate on.
John sits out in the living room with Rosie, having collected a few toys for her from upstairs when Sherlock passes by on his way to the kitchen with his now mostly empty tray of food and a slice of the left over bacon in his mouth. Something about the way Sherlock saunters into the room, with a slightly grouchy expression makes John so very tempted to stand up and eat it right out of his mouth, if only to shock the visible irritation out of him. He of course doesn’t do it, mainly because the moment he thinks of doing it he recalls that he’d found Sherlock, just this morning, naked and debauched and wrapped around someone else’s body, sleeping contentedly. John turns his face away so Sherlock won’t catch a glimpse of the dark flash of jealousy that John is sure passes over his features. Because that is what it is: jealousy, pure barely-restrained jealousy. (‘
“Sherlock... Sherlock I'm s– I'm here, okay? I'm here.” John sounded closer now, like he could touch him.
to touch me! Not after all you've done!”
!” She insists.
They both stare at the television in silence for another minute, neither one truly paying attention anymore. The silence of their voices in 221B tonight is charged with energy, and it feels like it’s leaking out of its confines by the second, sinking its claws over the soft story on the screen and firing a new bolt of lightning at every word that John and Sherlock dare to speak.
“John!” He cries, “John that’s enough, please - I need - I need -“ he stutters.
John felt like he'd lost all ability to speak in that moment, and he simply nodded and reached back over his head to where Sherlock had gestured. He Just barely felt a bit of fabric at his fingertips, but not wanting to take his eyes off of the very wanton looking Sherlock (who had now closed his eyes and was groaning above him), John struggled back with his arm until we was able to grab what he assumed were the trousers using his middle and forefinger. He pulled it forward so he could dig through the pockets more easily until he found the little tube. “You weren't kidding. Bit over-confident aren't you?” John asked, his eyes half lidded as he watched Sherlock move.
.” Sherlock's smug grin was obvious from the sound of his voice, “I'm informed that the tow truck's on its way,” he added lightly.
At that same moment John settled into his apartment. He struggled to put away his two suits from tonight into an incredibly cramped and small hall closet. There wasn't much room in John's bachelor apartment for him to put them in. He then settled in to sit on the couch in his pyjamas, grabbing the newspaper.
Irene walked into his office then and leaned against the wall, her arms crossed over her chest and a beautiful eyebrow raised.
John has gone over to pick up the broken monitor and he’s midway through gathering up the mess when he replays Sherlock’s words in his head, “Hang on,” he says with a smirk, “since when do you call her darling?”
John blinks,
John looked up at her, confused, “Of?”
It was a while before he heard a choppy voice on the other side.
What the hell was he doing?
“No! No, he didn't call me. Didn't want me to see you, actually. Blamed me for the state of you.” John smiled sadly at that. “Maybe I am.”
Everyone started talking at once then, their energy immediately changed from the previous somewhat joyous buzzing to a sort of panicked grumbling.
John nods, “If that isn’t the understatement of the century I don’t know what is,” then, “So you haven’t picked it out yet? Your street dance song?”
Sherlock just grins cheekily in response.
Algernon, for his part isn’t listening, and us hurling a handful of what looks like olives that he’s picked up from a nearby table at Dorian.
if he thought that Basil had been killed? Surely the (young?) musician had
Two hours after that John was talking to himself while scrubbing down the stove. “What's that Harry? She turned out to be straight? Well, I could have told you that, love, with the way she looks at me. I know, I'm sorry, it's just I spend every hour of every day with her so of course I know these things and I just think that you shouldn't–” Just then the front door opened and John bumped his head on the cupboard above the stove. “Fuck.” He whispered.
“Great!” Harry said turning and walking forward again, “Now can we talk about more important things?”
It’s another two weeks before Molly finally cracks. She has religiously been keeping up with all the news and drama of the show that she can get her hands on ever since last weekend. So far, she has watched with a sort of morbid interest, cringing at the incredibly false personality the Sherlock is presenting but also with wonder, because surprise, surprise – The man can move! Last week’s performance with Iris Zaputannym – his dance partner, one of the new dancers, the blonde– was their first official showcase dance before the judges and they had knocked it out of the park. They had danced a very rhythmic cha-cha to the tune of a song Molly had looked up called ‘Donde estas Yolanda’, sung in Spanish. Sherlock and Iris had received the highest scores of anyone ever on a first round, getting an 8 out of ten from two of the judges and two surprising 9’s from the remaining two judges. And it was no wonder. They had moved so smoothly and sensually on that the dance floor. Molly had clapped and cheered watching it last week she watched Sherlock twist and turn, sashaying to the rhythm with the help of his graceful partner. They’d been virtually perfect together, their lifts and turns only adding to the beauty of their smooth movements, all emphasized by the lines and shapes they created with every beat and movement of their lean and limber bodies. It had been stunning to watch, to say the least, and despite the weirdness of watching Sherlock participate in something so public. Molly can hardly wait to see how they’ll score this week. After Sherlock’s first performance she has every faith that he’ll do well. She knows that this week they’ll be performing a salsa - another Latin dance - but she has no idea what song they’ll be performing this evening. She’s sure that it’s sure to be amazing, though.
. No time to warn John, and it'd probably be safest for him if Sherlock left him behind anyway. He grabbed his coat and scarf at the bar and followed the suspect out through the exit. As he walked out, he noticed a london cab waiting, parked just in front.
“Hmm?” Sherlock answered quietly as he stood, flicking the wet strands of his hair away from his face.
John stared at them, what?
There stands Sherlock in a dark sequinned top, grinning as he runs down some steps to talk to a woman, (something like... Tess Daly, if he was correct?) and gives her a kiss on the cheek when he reaches her. John doesn’t quite catch what they’re saying - the volume on the phone is on low for the baby’s benefit - but he doesn’t think he’d have heard it properly if he had been listening anyway, because again, that was Sherlock Holmes and he is standing on a stage surrounded by hundreds of people while he chats amiably with a television show host while wearing a sequinned blouse. Sequins! On Sherlock Holmes! What? What?!
“A wedding.” Mary clarified, “What's your favourite part?”
Greg walks into his office and sits down at his desk to watch the full video of Sherlock’s routine on his own phone. He allows himself a small chuckle of wonder at his friend’s newly revealed hidden skill. Sally was right to show him. The footage is a welcome distraction from the photographs and the information hidden in his manila folder. Before opening his file, he decides to satisfy his curiosity. He fires off two texts, one to Sherlock and one to John.
“Ah, Just a few words on your trip to South America and the benefits of training new doctors down there. You know, something adventurous and fun while keeping on the seriousness of the mission. You in?”
Sherlock grins again, “Later, John,” and taking Rosie’s little hand he instructs, “Watson, wave goodbye to your father.”
about it.” Sherlock stops. He turns to the screen and breathes, and John says nothing. What can he say?
John almost chokes. His mind is deep in the gutter now and texting with Sherlock is not helping. He panics and sends Sherlock a message that he hopes will end the conversation now before Sherlock says anything else which will make John unable to face him tonight. He’s already having difficulty with the idea as it is.
“Then... what
Naturally, the first thing Irene does, as soon as she bypasses his password (a feat that proves to be incredibly easy), is to get Sherlock an Instagram on which she plans to regularly post pictures and stories of him sleeping or zoning out on his violin; possibly some videos of their dancing practice for the competition. She does take Sherlock’s advice on not bothering Eurus though. The very idea of going near that nutcase gives her chills.
. He sighed and got up from his chair. He decided perhaps if he had a wash he might feel relaxed and clean enough to sleep. He went into the washroom and started applying the shaving cream.
Sherlock is still leaning back but now his arm has left his eyes and there's a look of defeat in his eyes as he stares at the ceiling. “You’re thinking too loudly. Stop it,” He says, sounding tired.
“What?” John asked, surprised, staring at Sherlock.
“We have dance rehearsal,” Irene chimes in.
“This isn't fun Sherlock, it's morbid and creepy and...” But John knew even as he said it that he didn't really mean it. He hadn't had this much excitement since Afghanistan. The closest he'd gotten was running back and forth between two weddings a couple of months ago.
The tea kettle whistled in the kitchen as the water boiled. “I'll get it.” John said, standing and walking into the kitchen to prepare their tea. “So... are you going to tell me why you're youtube-ing serviettes?” He shouted at Sherlock so that he would hear him as he took out the cups, milk and sugar in the kitchen.
John blinks, “Sorry?”
Sherlock realized then that it had come time to end this little game, lest he lose it now. He huffed a breath and eyed the proffered hand through the side. “And if I don't choose you'll shoot me. I don't know, the way I see it either way I die.”
“You should come upstairs for bed. Save some of that practice for the cameras. The producers are complaining that they don’t have enough footage of your practice session this week, and you still need to do your voice-over interview.
John laughed, “Sure, Sherlock, for last night,” he answered.
He scrolls through some photos in the app on his phone and untucks his shirt, lightly tapping his fingers against his skin subconsciously. Finally he settles for chatting up a handsome looking brunet with strong muscular arms and pale blue eyes. He sends the man a short message and a sensual photo of himself with his shirt collar opened, his hair looking artfully dishevelled, his eyes looking into the camera through his lashes and his teeth biting down on his finger suggestively. He receives a reply almost instantly. By the time it gets dark outside Sherlock is tidying up the living room a bit in expectation of his next visitor.
“Thank you…” Sherlock says slowly, standing to walk them both through the door, and handing Mrs. Hudson and Rosie a couple of toys.
Carter nodded in understanding and looked down at his tea.
” He grumbled in a fury as he tossed the notes into the bin.
Now, your father. How could I know about your father? The chain. It's broken. Most people would fix an item belonging to a loved one and return it to them, but you can't return it can you? No, because she's dead and he took her from you. How do I know? 'One is poisoned, one is not. Just like in a marriage,' that's what you said. So, someone stopped you believing in marriage then, likely not your mother as you keep her photograph in that locket, but your father. I've not seen a trace of your father on you. Could be that you never had one at all, but then, who'd have yanked that chain from your mother's neck with enough force to break it? Who'd have tossed it hard enough to dent it? Not you, you loved her, but again, you won't fix the locket. If she'd have died naturally, you would have, sentiment. No, you haven't fixed it, because you want a reminder, or perhaps, more likely assurance in order to condone your actions. Seeing the broken item fuels the 'poison' in you and reminds you of what he did to her. You keep the locket because it reminds you of why you are the way you are, and you,
I split this chapter into three to torture you guys. But also because I haven’t had time to write the rest.
Sherlock gaped a little for a second, then brought his recording device to his lips, all the while staring John down, “Likes cock.” He rumbled into it, his voice feeling a little husky.
“Yeah well, ta for that lovely bit of information, you sex-addict.” John laughed taking a swig of his wine and getting up. “I'll be right back, yeah? Loo.”
His dream returns to him in waves, rolling into his subconscious at first then slowly creeping into the forefront of his mind. John suppresses the urge to groan at the images, mainly because his child is in the room and he
“If you say so, but that’s meant to be for you, so don’t feed her all of it.” John scolds teasingly.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, “Okay, I learned it on youtube. Happy?”
“Yeah?” John asked.
“You look like one of those angry naked kittens!” She chortles in a most unladylike fashion but gets up and tosses him the requested robe from his wardrobe.
John stares with a raised eyebrow, wondering at whatever the hell it is Irene is doing but doesn’t comment on it. Instead he concentrates back on the conversation. “Do you think Dorian could be the blackmailer then? I mean, if they were lovers then he’d be the one looking for him wouldn’t he?”
“And yet you suspect her?” Sherlock prodded.
“THAT. IS. NONE. OF. YOUR. BLOODY BUSINESS!”
"Goodnight, Sherlock," He mumbles, "I love you."
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “He acts like I'm made of glass.”
“Adler…” Sherlock whines, his blush returning at once.
“Hello, Algernon,” Sherlock greets,”And no, this is my dearest friend, Doctor John Watson. John, this is Algernon Moncrieff – he’s an actor and another competitor,” Sherlock replies, more for the benefit of politeness than anything else. (He’s pretty sure John watches a very badly structured buddy-cop show starring Algernon.) Sherlock says, pointedly, “I’d really appreciate it if no one throws him to the wolves tonight — the man keeps me sane,” Sherlock explains.
“Oh! That's rich coming from you,
John tried to look casual. “Nothing.”
Dorian sits at Sherlock’s other side, “Oh please do say yes, Mr. Holmes,” he flirts, boldly coming over to sit and leaning his head on Sherlock’s chest.
At first he hears nothing, but when he places his daughter into the spacious portable crib Sherlock had long ago placed by the couch, he hears a light snoring coming from Sherlock’s bedroom. John panics for a moment, hoping Sherlock is alone in there. In his sudden panic he hears a voice in his head that sounds suspiciously like Sherlock scoff at him, “As ever Watson, you see but you do not observe. Look at the front entrance! There is only one pair of shoes by the coat hangers which incidentally are only holding on to one coat, and it is a familiar one. If I had company over of the romantic sort wouldn’t it be logical to assume they wouldn’t take their shoes and coat into the bedroom with me?”
“Good evening, sleeping beauty,” John says gently from where he’s still standing, watching the affectionate exchange.
“No.” John answers quickly, and suddenly flips Sherlock onto his back, this time holding his arms above his head. He sinks down to kiss Sherlock in order to distract him, but it’s too late. Sherlock already knows.
------------
Sherlock swallows around a sudden lump in his throat. John loves him? John
, that's when John fell in love with weddings. Having helped someone on the most important day of his life, John couldn't wait for his own special day...
John bites the inside of his lip, “Breakfast, Holmes,” He reminds him.
Mike visibly calmed. “Oh... thanks John. Thank you. God I feel much better. You're right. Of course you're right.”
He feels Sherlock’s breath puff against his ear even as their bodies begin to pull apart from the embrace, “Are you joking? I’m in agony. There are so many of them,” he practically shouts into John’s ear, gesturing at the crowd despite the fact that his face is still close to John’s own in order to be heard over the blaring music.
. Rather... It’s as I said before, they’re just texts. It doesn’t mean any–”
“Don't think there's time for that right now John!” Sherlock yelled, his body frozen in place as he held onto the the sides of his chair for dear life.
John sighed.
“Like... a date?” John asks carefully.
John sighs, “Sorry. Alright, go on.” He says, waving her away. She tosses him his robe wordlessly as she leaves the room and he slips into it.
“Are you kidding? The only reason I come with you to these boring weddings and dress in these silly costumes is so I can get drunk off my arse tear a desperate bridesmaid's clothes off with my teeth!” Irene emphasized her point by taking a flower from the centre piece and sticking it between her teeth.
“Yes,” she admits, “because I know that you’re a
I tried to make it somewhat entertaining? :/ I dunno how i did tbh. I like it but uh I hope you do too.
Guys this whole chapter is mostly sex. It’s... That’s it. It’s smut. That’s - yeah. So... uh smut. I think it's a good place to end it, right?
Mary looked pleasantly stunned by that, “Really? Oh John, I'd no clue! I always assumed you were gay, what with your completely platonic friendship with Irene. I just assumed you were, you know,” she whispered, “in the closet.”
John rolled his eyes, “I wouldn't have had so many nice invitations printed if we weren't going to use them.”
Sherlock bites his bottom lip and murmurs, “You going to make me... Captain?”
) – all of these things Sherlock does for Dr. Watson – and what does Watson do? He hooks up with the first available floozy he can and goes off to raise his child with her, leaving Sherlock to suffer in silence once more.
John spoke calmly then, looking deep into Harry's eyes so she could see the open anger inside of him “You tell her the truth, Harriet, or I will.”
Sherlock sniffs, feeling mildly victorious.
’ asks.
, because that is what they
When the case began Irene have Sherlock only three basic details: one: that four of her friends were in mortal danger, two: that she had wheedled her way onto strictly come dancing and she needed Sherlock to be her celebrity dance partner, and three: that the person threatening her friends was involved with the dance competition somehow.
uncomfortable having him as our waiter.”
story!
... Okay, maybe he does. A bit. But he thought he was over this, this... this pining.
“Still here?” Irene says, steeping into the dance studio.
She had kissed the glass where his palm rested and said, with a smirk, “No. Come next week. Go have sex instead. You’ll like it.”
John mentally shakes himself out of his foggy state. “Alright then, let’s go find Jack,” he says.
Yes... I added the drugs and the alcohol problems. U_U I know, I'm horrible. The angst is strong withing me.
Sherlock rolls his eyes at John’s whining,
“Really? And what are you hungry for, Watson?” He asks her as he fixes her bib and takes his seat, moving his chair a little closer to her.
“Love is patient, love is kind, love means murdering your wife when you've lost your mind.” Sherlock drawled.
Sherlock thinks,
“...So” Mary started as they waited for their next course, “What's your favourite part?”
The songs for this chapter were:
There, right before her eyes…
. But she also told me she flirted with you!” John insists.
Henry laughs, still holding Sherlock’s hand and says, loudly, “Either one will do.”
________________________________________
So this chapter is really short, just like the last one. As I said, Originally this and the previous chapter were meant to be one chapter but I didn't want to make you guys wait. I thought leaving you off with Irene's text would be a fun place to stop the story while you waited.
“I did not hate that dog,” Harry argued, “I just hated it when he slobbered on me... and I
Sherlock and John turn to look just as Dorian protests, “Oh, don’t tease me Algy, you know I can’t help the way I speak.”
“Your boyfriend?” John replies, perplexed by Sherlock’s response, “Sherlock you were sleeping with him. Naked. You - what am I supposed to think?”
They'd taken him away into a room to recover then and Mycroft had sat in the chair for nearly a day and a half now, awaiting news of his sibling.
Sherlock doesn’t answer, simply continues to stroke them both. His other hand lets the conditioner bottle fall to the floor with a loud thunk and he grabs onto John’s back to steady himself, John does the same with his arm. He feels Sherlock growing more frantic in his stroking, feels his own hand and legs buckling as well as they get closer and closer to finishing. Finally, John feels that bold white heat explode out of him as he cums in their hands. He can’t help his reaction and in a subconscious attempt to keep quiet, lest their land-lady somehow overhears the shout that wants to erupt out of him, John bites down between Sherlock’s neck and shoulder. That, of course, sends Sherlock over the edge, and he spills himself over John with a violent shudder as his orgasm rips through him.
Rosie’s turns her wicked little smile on John and changes her expression slightly, in an attempt to look innocent. “Daddy. Hungry,” she states.
“MmmHmm, here,” Molly says, handing him the cards she had been carrying in her purse.
The judges have now taken a seat and are ready to share their scores. The dark-haired female judge speaks up first (John still doesn’t know her name), “That was certainly very energetic,” she comments, “And what a surprise version of that song – “
...?"
John nodded in agreement, “Maybe, but I think you should just admit that you're actually really sweet, and that this whole cynical thing is just and act so that you seem 'wounded', and 'mysterious' and 'attractive',” He said, keeping his eyes on the wall of alcohol before him, apparently not having realized what he'd just said.
“What do they normally say...?” John asks as they get inside.
Anthea simply stared up at him from her computer, “You know he won't approve, Sherlock why do you keep asking?”
Sherlock starts, affronted, “John–!”
John’s stomach feels like it drops at Sherlock’s reaction, because Sherlock – bold, abrasive, ‘romantic-entanglements-might-be-fulfilling-for-
, Sherlock thought as he grasped John's thighs, pulled him closer and swallowed John's thickened cock all the way down his throat.
“No, no, it's not that.” John explained. He sighed, “and anyway Harry's gay.”
“OH my
The beautiful man turned his head back as he noticed the two figures behind him, then turned back to john, looking slightly annoyed. John moved to get up.
Please be reminded that my experience with this stuff (the smut) just comes from other fan fictions so I may be incredibly inaccurate. (I’ve mentioned it before but I’m actually asexual lol) I have a basic understanding and whatever I've read in other fics. I’m just making this shit up as I go and hoping that it sounds in character for them. Can’t really imagine it myself so you can imagine my difficulties writing this chapter but despite that I think it’s relatively okay? I’m definitely happier with how this story turned out as opposed to my other fanfics thus far (does this mean I’m getting ... better?)
As the singer’s voice starts to call out the bridge, “
John tilts his head at Sherlock’s comment, “That’s a little disturbing to think about, actually... Irene would ruin her,” he says, then asks “— but wait, you’re really not seeing her then, like at all? Irene, I mean.”
“What?” John asked as Harry squealed, “Oh Yes! I didn't want to believe it until you were here!” She turned to Mary, “This is Mary, my fiancée,”
Sherlock frowns at the action, “You aren’t leaving already, are you?” He asks, a sad look on his face.
John grimaces. He doesn’t like leaving Rosie on her own at such a young age. “You can’t stay for five minutes?” He asks tentatively.
“Oh yeah.” John said looking ahead at the vent and avoiding eye contact as Mike did his business.
“Are you taking the piss?” John asked, still gaping.
to cool it down with some murder. HAHAHA. I'm such a tease ;D <3
Sherlock snorts a little impolitely, “Doubtful. Our strongest competition is probably Algie and Gwen, followed by Dorian and Cecily.”
“May I please speak to John?” Sherlock asked politely on the other end as he walked out of the London Journal's headquarters.
“Well, more accurately put he's my godson. He comes over to hang out with me sometimes when his mum's got important business things to do. Keeps me company, don't you Archie?”
“Isn't it?”
“Molly Hooper,” Molly says in introduction, extending a hand to the man and smiling before he can settle in to watch the couple.
John pats his knee, preparing himself to be supportive of Sherlock, “Well, go on, tell us what’s wrong. What’s stopping the great Sherlock Holmes from going after what he wants?”
Sherlock laughed, amused, but decided he should probably explain, considering how angry John kept getting over everything, “I used to be a sort of PI.” He yelled back as he drove the bike slowly behind Carter's police car through the muddy little village and towards Mrs. Laurinston's, “I worked with the police for a while as a consultant with a friend. Eventually word got out about some unpleasant habits of mine along with a rumour that I was working with my brother to get stories for the paper, which I wasn't. A friend of mine on the force was fired and I was never allowed near a crime scene again. My brother then seduced my friend and hired him at the paper as an investigative journalist, as revenge on the police force, I imagine, and eventually, out of guilt for ruining my friend's career through my relation with Mycroft, I followed. Of course the police forbade my brother from allowing me to do any investigative journalism that put me anywhere near crime scenes so Mycroft stuck me in the style section, because apparently I've a natural gift for it, and he doomed me to write about commitments forever. The badge I have now used to belong to my friend, but he threw it at me the day he was fired in a fit of anger. I've kept it since... Ah, but here we are.” Sherlock stopped his story just as they reached the little house. A small lamppost had been turned on and an old woman inside the house waved at them from the window. Sherlock parked the motorcycle behind Carter's car and got off, gesturing for John to follow.
“The man?” John clarifies, drawing the ‘th’ in ‘The’, “From this morning?
The End
“Major Jake Melas, who's he?” Sherlock pointed out the name, his head tilted in John's general direction.
news.
John thinks about Sherlock on his way to work.
“She – She was over by Mrs. Lauriston's garden, just lying there in the rose bushes. I was just getting home from my shift at the Inn when I noticed an odd shape peeking out and, and, Oh! Mr. Scott it was terrifying!” She burst into tears again, clinging to DI Dimock.
“Oh speaking of work, I'm meeting up with some people from the clinic tonight for a party. You want to come?” John asked as he poured the now-ready tea into two cups.
“Thanks Sherlock, see you.” Sherlock hears John say just as he presses the button to hang up and tosses his phone down and quickly tries to turn and push his partner off.
John answered quickly, with a serious expression, “No. I don't. I'm Jesus.”
“She’s not coming to dinner then?” John asks, for lack of a better thing to say. Of course, he wants to ask how Rosie could possibly know her name, but among that question are so many more questions as well. Now that Irene is gone, however, he feels suddenly very nervous and he only ends up voicing the first question that comes to mind. On top of that, Sherlock looks… well, as good as ever, really, but there’s something subtly even more attractive about him than usual. He can’t quite put his finger on what it is though.
