Nat finally convinced him to start the movie, citing the fact that everyone but Tony had already seen it at least three times. Tony reluctantly agreed and sat in the chair, keeping one eye on the screen, and the other on his phone, waiting to see if Steve would text him again.
"Don't call me that," Steve said, but his voice was immeasurably warmer than it had been a moment ago.  Like liquid honey. Tony wanted to bathe in it.
Tony thought. It felt like a little gloom-cloud was following him around. Like Eeyore.
He curled tighter.
Steve kept his eyes shut, drew his lower lip in and closed his teeth around it.  “Mm-mm.”
“You don’t have to do those.”
“Blasphemy.”
Tony nodded. “Downtime is a waste of time,” he said automatically, and Steve’s smile disappeared altogether.
“Do you ever stop to wonder how your mother and father would feel about this?  About
Thad kissed him again, possessively. “And yet you’re asking.”
just met somewhere?  What if they'd bumped into each other in line for the movies or at the grocery store?  They called it a "meet cute". Yeah, Steve knew what that was. Clint and Bruce both had a fondness for romantic comedies, so Steve knew all about it.
“I know.”
as good.
But as much as he adored Bruce, Tony didn’t think he’d be able to help him there. He was a one-man kind of guy, and much to Tony’s continued delight, Steve had already staked his claim.
Ross glanced at the other two men just as Steve had done.  The sick twist of his lips said he had come to the same conclusion.
Steve had been to all of them but two, and Sam had taken her to those. She always said she could go alone, but Steve would just laugh into the phone and ask what time he should be there in the morning. She always huffed a little, but Steve knew she was glad. Glad for the support, and glad for the company--even if it was from the waiting room outside. Sometimes though, when there was an empty seat, the nurses would let him come into the treatment room. When that happened, he’d curl up in one of the recliners next to his mom while she sat for her treatment. Sometimes he’d read to her quietly until she fell asleep. Sometimes, they’d watch the television bolted to the wall. Sometimes, he would fall asleep too, his hand clasped loosely in hers, knees drawn up until he was secured in the lap of the chair, sleeping deeply, dreaming things he couldn’t remember when he woke up. Or just blocked out. That could be.
Tony leaned forward and touched Steve’s cheek. “I can’t imagine what that must have been like.”
“I’ll tell you later,” Bucky said, flicking his eyes at Natasha.  “There’s a lady here.”
going away, “-then we can leave around eight. Maybe stop and get a burger somewhere. Then when we get home...you know. Celebrate?”
Steve’s hands clenched on his shirt. He shoved his head through the hole and pulled it on. “It doesn’t have anything to do with Tony,” he muttered.
“Okay.”
And to prove just how okay he was, Steve wrapped his arms around Jack’s waist and bent his head into the crook of his neck, kissing the skin there, sucking on it a little in the way that Tony had always liked, running his tongue over it. He closed his eyes, trying to lose himself in the moment, in the feel of a warm, responsive body in his arms. It was different. Different from Tony. For some reason, he thought it would be the same. That it wouldn’t matter
“You’re welcome, honey,” she said. “I think I heard Tony and Morgan.”
Not since Steve.
“I guess,” he said, and fell into a moody silence while he read and reread the same paragraph four times before finally closing his book with a sigh.
“Well,” Howard said, “I’ve said my piece. I’ll leave the rest in your hands. You know what needs to happen. If you love him, you’ll do it.”
There was a low light in here, coming from a tiny emergency bulb.  All the better to see you on our cameras, and shit, Tony hadn’t thought about the cameras.
Steve bowed his head. Tony couldn’t be sure--because he could not be sure of anything at the moment--but he thought maybe Steve had smiled. Maybe he ducked his head to hide it.
Tony shrugged.  He’d offered, but the father was insistent.  They were close to the same age.  The guy wasn’t in Tony’s league, but he didn’t look hard-up, either.  Why shouldn’t he get the check if he wanted to?
“See you in a minute.”
“Where’s Pep?” he asked, sliding into the booth.
“Hey,” he said.
“What do you want me to do, Gina?” he asked.  “What can I do to make you feel better?”
“You don’t have to miss it anymore,” Steve said. “I’ll just do it. I’ll do whatever you want, Tony. Whenever you want. From now on.”
, but a very public place.  There were
Okay, after that little throwback-jaunt I took to the STAY series for some Valentine's Day fluff, we're back here again, with a little fluff, a little romance, and a little drama. Glad to be back!
“Me, too.”
“I’m not good.”
Tony kept one hand on Steve’s waist and moved the other up his arm, his shoulder, the side of his neck, until he was running his fingers through the familiar hair at the back of his head.  It felt like watered silk, fine, soft, smooth.
Steve gave him his patented Captain-America-Frown-of-Disapproval.  “Don’t say that.”
hotter than Danny.”
“I know,” Steve said, gave him a brief squeeze, then stepped away. “Let’s just have a good night, okay? I just wanna focus on that.”
Steve was silent. Waiting. It felt like Nick was leaving something out of the explanation. He wasn’t sure what, but it was something. Something.
“Steve,” he said, “baby, please don’t say no, okay?  Don’t.  I want you to come home.  I
“Yeah, Steve. I’m okay.”
“I’ve got a lot of intel to look over.”
“How can you say that, though?” Steve asked. “How can you-” he swallowed, ran a hand through his hair. “How can you let me be around your daughter? Knowing that? Knowing that I lose time, that I’m an alcoholic, that I’ve seen things--
“She doesn’t have to, but…” Steve trailed off, raising his eyebrows.
Tony nodded again.  “You’re welcome, Barnes.”
Steve smiled indulgently. “Right.”
“Other stuff.”
--here with him. Thinking how it had felt to be in his arms, to have his fingers in his hair and caressing his neck. Thinking about the way he smelled. How big he was. How solid. How warm. How sweet.
“I haven’t told her,” she said carefully, “and I’m sure Clint hasn’t either, but I think every woman knows when someone else is in love with her man.”
“I think you’re underestimating yourself, Cap.”
Tony paid the bill and followed him.
“Fine.”
Steve shook his head. “I don’t dance.”
“Nothing, Jeff, but thanks.  I’m going to miss you guys.”
He had heard the tone before. She never really yelled at him, or got angry, but sometimes her voice would take on a firm tone, and when that happened, he gave in. Always. Every time. He nodded. “Okay. I’ll wake him up. Just give me a couple minutes, okay?”
Steve smiled a little.  That had been a good day.
“Which ones would you like to see, sir?” Jarvis asked, a slight hint of humor in his voice.
They got out and walked to the front door.  Side by side, step for step, their hands nearly touching as they mounted the steps.
Steve sighed and Tony smiled.  He knew when he had his way.  He lifted one of Steve’s hands and put it on Sir Purr’s back, then slid it along the yellow fur.  The cat glared at Steve for a moment, then closed his eyes as Tony guided Steve’s hand along his back.
Tony looked at Howard, then at his watch again. Expensive. Flashy. Stupid, really, now that he thought of it. His eyes went to the door. Where was Steve? “Um. Yeah. Yeah. I’m-” He stopped talking.
“Bye.”
Tony raised his hands in surrender.  He was trying desperately to keep this light.  He did not want Steve to go.  Emphatically
“Who’s winning now?”
“Tony,” Howard said. “I may have been a bit hasty about some of the things I said last night.”
“You’ve been over it a hundred times."
“With the Rogers boy?”
Tony took it, feeling a little self-conscious. He didn’t know much about Wanda--just what Sam had said--but if she was good enough for Sam and Sarah trusted her in her kitchen, then she had to be something special. “I’m
“Yeah.”
Steve turned abruptly and went inside. He went to bed early. The voices came through the wall, and he let them soothe him. He fell asleep quickly. There were no dreams.
“You didn’t put him in some kind of hell-dimension, did you?” Tony asked.
Tony took him into the bedroom and helped him onto the bed.  Steve let him help, and that was more telling than anything.  He never let Tony help him do anything he was able to do on his own.  Tony knew why now.  Deep down, he had always known, but it had solidified for him as he watched Bruce push Steve back up the lawn toward him that morning.  Steve didn’t care as much what Bruce, or even Sam or Nat, thought of him.  He could be more physically vulnerable with them because, in his mind, if push came to shove, he didn’t have to protect them.  They were his family, but Tony was his partner.  Tony was his
“I think a better question is, why
The fear.
“Where’s Tony?” Steve mumbled.  “I can’t see him.”
Steve held onto him long after he’d fallen asleep.  Sometimes his lips would stray over his skin in soft kisses.  A few times, he spoke, saying, “I’m sorry, Tony.”  “Please understand, Tony.”  “I love you, Tony.”
“God, Rogers, I love it when you talk dirty,” Tony sighed.
“Really?”
“I love you,” Steve said.  “I didn’t say that enough before.  I know that.  But I do, Tony.  I love you.  More than anything.”
“What’s that?”
“I don’t want you to go,” he whispered, and Steve shifted uncomfortably.
“Tony,” Steve said levelly, “you drug me to see that Batman movie three-”
“Me too, Tony.”
a bullshit type of guy, and it was always interesting to listen to someone who wasn’t.  Also, the looks didn’t hurt.
Steve grinned lazily.  “What’s up?”
Steve ducked his head, putting a hand to his mouth to hide his smile.  A blush creeped out of the collar of his t-shirt, deep red against the white fabric.
Two more minutes.
Tony reached him just as the door began to open.  “FRIDAY, relock the training room.”
Another kiss. On his cheek this time. Then the corner of his mouth. Tony was smiling. He could feel it in the curve of his lips. “You’re welcome, sweetness. Anything for you.”
Tony nodded.  “I need
Tony jumped to his feet, tearing at his clothes, and fell into the shower.  He turned it on, already taking himself in hand.  The water spurted out of the shower head, so hot it was nearly scalding, turning his skin red.  Tony didn’t even notice.  Steam billowed around him while he pumped his cock mercilessly, hate-fucking his own fist with the sight of Steve’s blue eyes, dark with pent-up rage in his head.
him, Steve didn’t think any of them even remembered he was still in the room.  He sat silently, his hands bound by vibranium cuffs, as per Ross’ request, looking down at his lap.  A passerby might have assumed he had passed into a fugue state by the glassy-eyed, lax look on his face, but in fact, he was listening intently.  His mind, as brilliant in its own way as Tony’s, was gathering every word said and quickly and efficiently sorting them, weighing them, interpreting them.  He sat by and let it happen.  It was actually more akin to instinct than higher thought, what was going on in his brain, and soon, very soon, he would know when to speak.
Steve smiled guiltily into his shoulder. “I couldn’t give it up completely. I like it.”
"I don't really wa-"
“I feel good. It’s been a long time since I felt good. You know? It’s been a long time since I felt anything but...numb.” He ran a hand through his hair, a small, unconscious smile on his face. The kind of smile that could not--and should not--be suppressed. The kind of smile that would have told them everything, even if he hadn’t already done so in words. “I haven’t needed a drink,” he said, and the smile turned a bit guilty, “but I have snuck a couple smokes.”
Strange grasped his elbow and led him down the hallway.  Steve looked back over his shoulder. Rhodey was there with Pepper, holding her and rubbing her back.  How were they all here so fast? he wondered. How were they all here when he, Tony's partner, was just finding out?
Steve clasped his hand tighter and tucked his head down onto Tony’s shoulder. “I kind of liked everything you just said,” he murmured, paused, then said, “well, except for the Bucky stuff. I should have taken that to the grave.”
You didn’t write in books.
Steve kicked his right shoe off, then leaned heavily on his cane to toe off the left.  He leaned the cane against the dresser and sat down.  The mattress gave under him, but not much.  It was firm, and he was lighter now.  He stripped his sweater off but kept his t-shirt on, and slid between the sheets, lying close to, but not touching Tony.
“I said I need to get out.”
“What is he then?”
“But it healed.”
Tony tensed again, and when he looked away, Steve felt the delicate shell of his heart crack just a little. Not much. Just a little. Just enough to really really hurt.
When the elevator door opened, he shoved his shaking hands deep into his pockets and left. The doorman opened the outer door and wished him a good night. Steve nodded without thinking, and stepped out into the night. The wind coming in off the lake was cold and sharp, feeling like a blade against his skin. Steve turned his face into it. It helped. It brought him back to where he was, dimmed the screaming in his head, and that was good. He didn’t want to hear that anymore. He knew he deserved to hear it. That he should hear it in his head for the rest of his entire life, but he didn’t want to.
Tony took the steaks out of the Styrofoam cooler the butcher had packed them in.  God, they were beautiful.  More like a piece of fat marbled with meat rather than the other way around.  Thank Christ he was a master griller.  He wouldn’t trust these babies to just anyone.
He didn’t want to call it retreating, but it almost felt like it. Almost felt like
“Yup. Eat,” he said, then scowled at the coffee cup half-hidden behind a small pile of scrap metal. “And no more coffee. There’s water in the fridge.”
“Me neither.”
“Nothing, huh?” Tony said, that greedy look intensifying.
“I’m not going to kill you, Stark,” he said, then glanced around and shrugged.  “But, I thought if you still wanted to kill me...this wouldn’t be such a bad place to go.”
gift Steve had for him tonight. His very own sleepover.
Tony closed his fingers over Steve’s.  There was a tiny bead of blood under his thumbnail.  Tony wiped it away gently.  “No, it doesn’t.”
“Maybe he thought he needed to focus on work to provide for you both.  Make sure you were taken care of.”
Ps...theres a note that keeps showing up after this one.  It's from about chapter 2, but I can't seem to get rid of it. Just ignore it for now. I've tried figuring it out, but I am not the sharpest kid sometimes and can't do it. Sorry!
Steve got to his feet and looked at the guard.  He had put some more weight back on.  He wasn’t back to the 200 pounds he had been, but he was almost there.  180 now.  All good, hard muscle, and when he stood, the guard stood a little taller, as well.  Steve didn’t know if it was consideration or compensation.  He supposed, in the end, it didn’t really matter.  But he didn’t like this.  It was wrong.  Not once since he’d been brought here, had someone called him “Captain”.  Not once, had someone called him “Sir”.
And even though he’d allowed himself to be put in such a precarious position, Steve still blushed tomato red.
Tony watched him crack eggs into a bowl and whisk them up.  He put butter into a pan and dumped the eggs in.  Rhodey’s hangover eggs.  Served with Tabasco, hot coffee, and a smile.  They’d eaten those a few hundred times over the years.  It still smelled as good as ever.
She shrugged one shoulder, but she was smiling too, a soft faraway look in her eyes.  “A little.  But it’s nice.  A nice feeling to have.”
“Love you too, baby.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He milled around the edges of the party, chatting up a few of the party-goers. Howard spied him and came to say hello. A couple of members of the Board followed on his heels, and soon Tony was surrounded by a bunch of people, mostly talking shop--which was boring, but necessary at parties like this--and by the time he was able to take a furtive glance at his watch, he saw it was seven-thirty.
Steve sighed, nodded. “Yeah.”
Tony nodded, even though he wondered himself if he
“Steve--”
“Are you okay?” Steve asked.
Steve laughed, and the strangeness disappeared. He was kind of open to that idea too.
Steve sighed.  “I gotta do some of this on my own,” he said simply.
. Sergeant Rogers was in charge. And when Steve thought of it that way, it worked. It put the burden onto somebody else. Even if that “somebody else” was still
Steve did.
“Steve,” Tony said, and shivered when he felt the brush of Steve’s lips on the juncture of his shoulder and neck, just above the collar of his shirt.
--would not sell their fucking soul to the devil himself just to be able to listen to the sounds Steve made as he came apart.
He just got to his feet and left. Rhodey said his name, but he just kept going. He didn’t need this. Emotions and shit. Howard had trotted out that “Stark men are made of iron” line a few times while Tony grew up, and he’d fucking hated it then. He fucking hated it now. But he clung to it. He clung to it like a goddamn security blanket while he descended the rooftop stairs and got into the elevator. Clung to it while he rode down to the lab and went inside. Told J to turn up the music. Got to work on something. Anything. Didn’t really matter. It wasn’t the project that mattered. It was his head. The shit going on in there. The shit-and-sad-spiral he was currently descending.
“I don’t give a damn what Father Callahan has in mind,” she flared. “I’m your mother, and if I want to pray for your happiness, I’ll do it. Do you hear me?”
Steve lowered his head onto Tony’s shoulder, and Tony cupped the back of his neck.  Outside, he heard a car pull up.  The sound of voices.
He shrugged.  “Maybe…?”
Steve
“‘Cause I get that,” Steve said, and if Tony’s voice was sharp, Steve’s was the stroke of a feather, the smooth glide of silk. “Tony. I get that.” He tightened his grip on Tony’s hips. “I want her to like me. You know? If we’re doing this--like,
Tony breathed out a sigh. Somehow, his hand tightened on Steve’s. He wasn’t sure that was going to be possible until it happened. “Well?” he prompted. “What do you think?”
A little sugar...
“God, you suck at dumping people.”
He felt like running.
Tony nodded.  They were sitting in a bar in New York.  Just a little hole in the wall place where they could talk without being bothered, yet still get pleasantly plowed.  Places like that still existed.  You just had to know where to look.  Sam, Tony found, knew where.  It kicked his harmless little crush on him up a notch.
“Come on, baby,” Tony pleaded.  “Please?”
“Yes. I’m sure.”
She smiled.  “That’s the other part.”
going to die.”
Steve was silent.  He just curled tighter.  Tony laid a hand on his shoulder and he flinched, muscles jumping.
that, that’s totally fine. I’ll understand. I will. But I want you to come home first. Even if it’s just to tell me you’re okay. Will you do that? For me?”
,” he said, “so in case you have some proclivity I don’t know about-”
“There’s nothing reasonable about love, Steve,” Tony said.  “It’s not something you figure out.  You just go with it.”
“Okay, children,” Nat drawled. “No more pillow fights.”
Tony let out a breath. He twined his hand into Steve’s shirt tighter. “And, uh, just how long am I supposed to think about
Tony held him as tightly as he could, his arms around his neck. “Come home to me,” he said. “I’m serious, Steve. I want to be with you. I love you.”
“Thaddeus--”
“Tim. We’re not leaving him here.”
The guys on Tony’s team had only asked him about Steve once.  Right after their first game, everybody on their second beer, one of the guys said they’d heard the ambulance had been at the cabin a couple weeks ago.
. And, if what Steve wanted coincided with what Tony dreamed about, then that was just extra frosting on the cake. Seize the day. Tony had seen that movie.
“No.”
.  Come on, there’s somebody at the door.”
“Older than I used to be.”
“Sorry,” Tony said. “But-”
“And that’s not me?”
“You didn’t have to do that,” he said, but his face told Tony he was very glad he had.
“What?”
“Nobody gets freaked out by money, baby.  Especially not a charity.  They
I'm a little late, but here's to the moms out there! And by "moms" I mean anyone who cares for and about the people, pets, plants, etc in our lives. I like to think we've all got a little "mom" in us❤❤❤
“Come back tonight?” Tony whispered between kisses.
.  You know me, you
, the people he had served
“Every time I tell somebody what I need, they get mad.” He shifted within the circle of Tony’s arms, and Tony rubbed his back again until he quieted. “Or...or they just take what
He looked at the razor again.  It looked innocuous sheathed in its black casing, but the danger was still there, just out of sight.  “I don’t want to distract you.”
Sam considered him over his own beer, drank deeply, then sat it down.  “They were rough,”  he said.  “We lived rough.  We fought hard.  We were dirty, poor, hungry, tired.”  He ran a hand over his lips, his eyes far away, thinking.  “We weren’t together all the time, and that was hard on Steve.  No matter what we were doing, or how bad off we were, it was always better when we were together, but sometimes we had to split up.  That’s when the cracks would show.  That’s when he’d withdraw.  When it was quiet at night.”
“He’s okay,” he said. “I’m gonna go talk to him, alright? I’m gonna go get him, but I need you to stay out here. Can you do that for me?”
into him as fast and hard as he could.
me to bring them.  It was
Tony nodded, mildly surprised.  He’d been ready for a typical Steve Rogers tongue-lashing.  And not the good kind.  “You’re welcome.”
“He asked to see them, Steve,” Sarah said lightly. She was smiling, obviously enjoying this way too much for Steve’s taste. “And you know the rule: guests get what they want.”
The corner of Steve’s mouth ticked up in his old, familiar half-smile.  “It’s good.”
“No,” Tony said.  “I’m fine.  Probably just a twenty-four-hour thing.  You go see your brother.”
Steve sat on the edge of the bed. Their bed. “Did I say something wrong?”
body that displaced the air around him, and not just some regular guy. He knew what it felt like when he came near. That snap and hum of electricity that hadn’t dimmed after all. That scent, like shadows on a moonlit street corner. That footstep. That aura. He knew what it felt like. It felt like Tony.
“This is not the way I wanted to hear that.”
“Nat?  If you’re done messing around with that thing, we should get out, yeah?”
beginning to lighten, the sun sending an occasional slash of light onto the ground, and as they slipped through the gate, Morgan chased after each one she saw, while Tony plopped down on a bench. It was wet, but he didn’t care. Hell,
“It’s good to see you,” Tony said. “Right, Morgan?” he added, giving their joined hands a little shake. She clutched him tighter and took a step behind him, looking shyly up at Steve. “Sorry,” Tony said quietly. “She’s a little shy today.”
“Yeah,” he said. “I
Tony hugged him impulsively--compulsively--as tight as he could. “Yeah,” he said. “It is.” He pulled out of Steve’s arms just enough to look at him with one eyebrow raised. “About that blow-job, though…”
But that was the past now.  That was another life, and here in this one, there were other things that he needed to think about, and other things they needed to discuss.  But, oh, he didn’t want to do that either.  All he really wanted was to stand here with his head on Tony’s shoulder while Tony scratched lightly up and down the back of his sweater.  But he so rarely got what he truly wanted.
Steve sighed, the fire in his eyes going out. He leaned heavily back against the seat. He didn’t move Tony’s hand from his, but he didn’t turn his hand to take it either. Tony had almost thought he would. Almost wished he would. “Am I?” he asked. “I don’t know, Tony. It’s not like I’ve been here. Right? I mean, this is the first time I’ve been home--really
“Yell if you need anything.”
Steve stood up. “Maybe I should—”
Steve eased himself back down, capturing Tony’s mouth once more, teasing his lips with his tongue, and rolling his hips against him, creating a steamy relentless friction between them.
“And I don’t want you to hate him.”
“I knew I never should have let you see
“Six months.”
“Speaking of, why did I get a bunch of texts earlier saying ‘Thanks, Dad’?”
“Really?”
“But you didn’t know anyone?”
--to get over whatever this was that was stopping him from enjoying this.
to miss him.
. He has 714 home runs. Can you fucking imagine that? Seven. Hundred. And Fourteen. Say that, Gabe. Say it right now. Let that roll around on your tongue for a minute.”
Steve swallowed the last of his third. “You a cop?”
They walked to Jack’s apartment and rode the elevator up. Steve kept his hands in his pockets as they rode, but when the elevator stopped, Jack grasped his arm and pulled him down to his door. Jack took his keys out of his pocket and opened the door, and as soon as they were inside, Jack pressed against him and tipped his head up. Steve licked his lips, put both hands on Jack’s waist. He wanted to do this. He did. He knew he did. The three drinks he had thought so too. They thought this was a great idea. Sure they did. He was shaking, and was starting to feel a little sick to his stomach, but yeah. He wanted to do this. He wanted to feel something other than guilt and pain. Anything else. This would work.
-are having a baby.”
“Hi, Steve.” Her eyes shifted to the bartender. Under the force of her look, the kid relaxed, the tense set of his shoulders eased. She leaned on the bar and beckoned him forward. The kid was helpless not to come near. “Do you know who this is?” Natasha asked, voice low.
Tony frowned a little and bit his lip. “Um. How many different versions do I have on file?”
“Bruce’s,” Tony said. “But don’t let that deter you.”
that all, Steve?” he asked icily. “Are you certain of that?”
“I know.  We kinda hit the jackpot with that one.”
“That’s not going to happen.”
“What?”
“With all due respect,” Nat said, “fuck him.  If Wanda can help, then we can’t let Steve keep suffering.  You said it yourself, honey.  He needs something more than what the doctors are giving him.”
“I usually sleep on the right,” he said, setting his glass on the bedside table.  “That’s cool, isn’t it?”
She smiled, catching on.  “Yes.  She could, couldn’t she?  She absolutely could.”
"Yeah.  Y-Yes. Yes, Tony."
“I won’t.”
“I can’t,” he said. “I’ve still got a few hours left.”
“You look a little green.”
Right.  Focusing.
Steve tipped his head a little from side to side. “Maybe,” he conceded, then grinned a wicked little grin. “But I’ll be more discerning next time.”
He cracked an eye. “Mom?” Sarah was standing beside the bed, and now she leaned over and ran a hand through his hair. She had woken him that way hundreds of times over the course of his life. Why did it seem so ominous now? “Mom, what’s going on?”
“Nat. He’s alive, okay? That’s the important thing.”
“Sure thing.”
need to hear too.”
“Just here,” Steve said.  “I needed a little quiet.  Sorry.”
“No.  God, no,” Strange said.
Steve closed his eyes, a pained expression on his face.  “Fucking Clint,” he muttered, and Tony laughed.
She went back to the computer.  The download was complete, but she scrolled through his notes a bit further, fascinated.  “Ross, you bad boy, you,” she whispered, as her eyes caught words like “Internalized demons” and “Heightened trauma” and “Induced violent tendencies” and everywhere, covering the page like bloodied handprints: “Rogers.  Rogers.  Rogers.”
“Steve-”
Tony loved being on the receiving end of pleasure. Loved?
Steve smiled, not feeling a bit strange about talking to her, even after Ultron.  Feeling, in fact, gratified by the hint of approval in her voice.
Yes, she had.  She had prophesied Steve’s death, had caused Bruce to break into a Hulk-sized rampage, had hurt them all.  Tony had tried to forgive her over the years and had mostly succeeded, but part of him would always be wary of her.
“So, did you learn in the army?”
“It’s alright. I don’t believe everything they believe, either. But it
, he thought.
Tony nearly choked on the laughter that bubbled up in his throat.  “I literally cannot believe you just said that,” he wheezed.  “Where’s Nat?  She’s going to die when she hears this.”  He thumped Steve’s chest in excitement.  “And Clint!  Oh my god, where’s my phone?  I’ve got to text him.”
?” Tony asked breathlessly, when Steve fell back onto the bed, pulling Tony on top of him.
Steve slipped gently out of him, but when he tried to roll away, Tony said, “No, don’t go.  Stay here.”
Steve took his hand and tugged. “Yeah. Come on in.”
Probably not.  But it never hurt to hope.
Tony grunted.  “I don’t know
it something, Strange?” Tony asked.  “Or are you blowing smoke up my ass?”
“‘Cause that always works out so well,” he said.
He ran his five miles, and when he came back, he noticed the car was still there. It had been moved sometime during the night, but it was still here. Steve looked at it, and from this close, even he could appreciate the clean lines and gold-flecked paint. With the rising sun hitting it just right, those flecks shone like starlight. Steve smiled. He couldn’t help it. He appreciated form and beauty. He always had. It was something he kept to himself, but he
“Sure.”
“I kept sliding to the right.  I could feel it happening, I just--”
“Not really, or no?”
Tony let out a breath, then moved his hand away from Steve’s. He moved it to the side of his neck. He stretched his thumb up and dabbed at the wetness under his eye. “Forever, baby,” he promised.
“Move, please, Daddy,” Morgan said sweetly. “You’re covering up
OOkkkaaayyy.
Tony kissed his chest, ran his hand over his side. “Then why…?” but he couldn’t finish. He didn’t know why. He just couldn’t.
“I did.”
Steve nodded.  Tried to smile.  “Good.  That’s good.”  He stepped away from the picture, away from Tony, and waved a hand at where the cars had sat for so long while he worked on them.  The stalls were empty now.  The ‘Cuda still outside, the other car gone, too.
Hunt’s lips twitched.  If Steve didn’t know better, he would have thought he was hiding a smile.  “Yes, you did, Captain.  But I meant, do you know why you’re standing here in this office, right now?”
Tony reached up and touched his lips, traced them with his finger. He could feel the tears in his throat, but he kept them away by sheer force of will. He curled his hand around Steve’s neck. “I missed you so much,” he said, and the tears didn’t fall, but they cracked his voice just a little.
He wanted Tony.
“I guess so,” Steve said vaguely.  Tony didn’t like it.  Didn’t like the way he said it.  Maybe it was because he’d been gone so long, but Tony didn’t feel like he could read him as well as he used to.
Better apart.
“Oh,” Steve said, and his voice was the same as his eyes were. Hollow. Empty. “Tony. Hey.”
somehow. More human.
For a moment, the image of him and Tony lying together on Tony’s bed invaded his mind. The feel of him against his chest, the smell of his cologne, the sound of his little sighs of contentment as Steve ran his fingers through his hair and along the smooth muscle of his neck. It had felt so good. So comfortable and warm. So much of what Steve wanted in a relationship--in a life--with someone.
“I’m sure you did fine, man,” Sam said. “Don’t worry so much. That’s part of your problem.”
Thanks for reading! Hope you all have a great day!  Or night, whichever it may be for you! :)
Steve looked at him, worry on his brow.
Finally, he just rang the bell.  Before he could stop himself, he just rang the bell.
cage door in his head started doing it now.
Steve shook his head.  “I don’t know, Tony,” he said, his voice unsure, not quite concealing the laughter in his eyes..  “That seems like a lot to ask.  I don’t know if I can promise that.”
“Stay and sleep for a little while,” Steve said softly, brushing Tony’s hair back behind his ear. “Mom will be home at eight. She’d like to see you.”
Steve stirred in his arms.  “You think I’m being stubborn.”
It was a small ceremony. Just close friends and family. Steve stood up beside Bucky and Clint stood with Nat. Neither Bucky nor Steve wore their dress uniforms, just nice suits and blue ties. Nat insisted on the blue. “It’s my favorite color,” she purred, curling up in Bucky’s lap and running a finger along the line of his jaw as she gazed into the clear blue of his eyes.
for them, sometimes it was easier when they were out of the room.  Understood that being with them didn’t automatically equal contentment. Understood that sometimes being with them was lonelier than being alone.
No. No, it wasn’t. It couldn’t be. That flash of red could have been anybody’s car. It was a popular color for sports cars. Tony was in California. Not here.
Finally, he looked at Sam squarely.  Sam raised an expectant eyebrow.  “What was it like?” Tony asked.  “Steve and I don’t talk about it much, and Nat is vague.  I think she wants to spare my feelings.  But you can tell me, Sam.  Please.”
Tony nodded.  He had.  Eventually.  Although, there hadn’t been much to it.  Just a plea for a meeting.  They were both succinct men, Ross and Steve.  They had that in common.
“Is that right?”
“Hm?” It was almost an answer.
“Everything.”
it to him. Everything he had, everything he was
“Hey buddy,” he said quietly. “Miss me?” Dodger gave a little yipping bark, and Steve laughed. “Shh. You’re gonna get us in trouble.”
"Then grab my ass."
(See the end of the chapter for
“This life tore her to pieces. She couldn’t handle it. It wore her down. Broke her heart and wore her down.”
“No. I don’t. I want this to be a me-and-you-thing. A together-thing.” He squeezed him again, then crooked an eyebrow. “What are your thoughts on
Steve laughed.  “Thank god for Bruce.  He finally bit the bullet and threw them out.  I don’t think anyone else dared.”
the boss.  So, we do what I say.  Initiate sequence, please, FRIDAY.”
Next update will probably be Thursday.  Thanks to all!
Tony sighed, looking up at him with molten eyes, his mouth quirking into a tiny, pouty smile. “Do you really want me to keep talking right now?” He undid another button, and ground his erection against Steve’s. Steve moaned in the back of his throat, his hands gripping Tony’s hips tightly. “‘Cause I will,” he promised. “If you want. I’ll do it, baby. Whatever you want. I’ll do whatever you want,” he said, kissing him again, his voice filling with need. “Whatever you want, baby. Tell me what you want.”
Once, Tony had been outside when she came back, and Jarvis had lifted him up onto the horse to sit in front of his mother in the saddle while she trotted him around the yard a couple of times.  When she was done, she rode back over to where Jarvis stood, and Tony had slipped down into his waiting arms.  It had been a good moment, a great moment, really, being passed back and forth between the two people he loved and trusted most, everyone smiling, everyone happy, no Howard there to ruin it.
Steve’s breath was still ragged.  “Are we there?” he muttered.  “Where are we?”
Steve meant to spend the day going over the Algiers mission like he’d told Natasha he was going to do, but once he got into the office, and all the paperwork and videos were in front of him, he knew there was no way he would be able to concentrate on it.  His encounter with Tony--his
Steve frowned.  "Isn't that the one where they kill the dog?  I don't want to hear a story where they kill a dog."
“What did he say to you?”
him.  Steve deserved so much more.  He deserved someone who would fight tooth and nail to keep him, not run away when the going got rough.
“God, you say some pretty fucked up shit sometimes,” Steve laughed.
. Tony shook his head, surprised and pleased.
. Things just happen sometimes.”
,” Tony corrected emphatically, “doesn’t hate you, baby.  Maybe if you tried a little harder…”
Steve barked out a short, surprised laugh, and the guy joined him. Steve held out his hand. “I’m Steve.”
“No,” Tony said. “It was perfect. Everything you said was perfect. It was exactly what she needed to hear.”
especially since it rarely left Tony’s side.
! You got a sixty-eight on your last one.”
Tony bent his head and kissed the back of Steve’s neck.  “Good.  ‘Cause we missed you.  We all missed you.”  He ran his hands up and down Steve’s back, rubbing the long, lean expanse, feeling the muscles beneath his shirt.  He wished, briefly, fiercely, that there was no fabric between his hands and Steve’s smooth skin.  They’d spent a lot of time relearning the terrain of each other’s bodies, but that was a lesson Tony never got tired of.  “
"Mmm."
“You come to us anytime you need to, sweetheart,” she said loudly enough for Steve--and Howard--to hear. “You’re
“I’ll come get you.”
“‘Kay.”
He could do this.  He could do this all day.
Steve closed his eyes very briefly.  Relief. Yes, that's what was making his chest hurt and his throat ache with unshed tears.  Pure relief. "I want you too."
He was standing outside on the fire escape, the day drawing down into dusk when the kid first pulled up. Steve was on the eighth floor, but he could still hear the growl of the engine. It rose to a jungle-cat screech as the driver gunned it once before turning it off. Steve frowned a little. He heard a baby--Mrs. Stansfield’s from the sixth floor, he assumed--start to cry. Steve sighed. Mrs. Stansfield would have to rethink keeping her windows open during the evening if
“Al-”
“You need to work on that ‘not being an asshole’ thing.  ‘
Steve had heard enough.  The anger bloomed, then ran rampant.  “Don’t talk about her that way,” he warned.  “She’s a colleague, and a friend, and a
.  Do you even know how lucky you are to have that drawing?  His use of--”
“Yeah?”
“I keep trying to pretend like I’m like everybody else.  For you,” he said.  “But, Tony, I’m not.”
Steve shrugged, ignoring the first part of what he’d said. “A lot of the guys over there smoke. I just sort of picked up the habit.”
“‘Cause he didn’t push you, at all.”
Also, quick shout-out to my Shakespeare professor for the questions on Steve's final.  I lifted them directly from one of my own exams.  And, yes, I am a huge nerd who kept a lot of my old schoolwork.  And yes, I sometimes look at them when I'm feeling insecure about myself to remember that I can be smart sometimes.  Like I said...huge nerd over here.
“No,” he breathed.  “Not mad.”
“What?”
Not in a bad way.  It got weird in the best way.  The weird where being with someone became the most important thing.  The weird where the chemistry was so potent it felt like a physical thing that almost took on a life of its own.  The weird where the need to touch became as important as the need to eat, the need to breathe, and yet the inability to do so heightened the meaning behind every word, every meeting of the eye.
.  But me and him...it was just us.  You know?  It was just us.”
“Okay, baby. Here. Keep it, ‘kay?”
Afterward, Tony had drowsed, tired but not sleepy yet, eyes closed, existing on the fringes of sleep but not quite falling.  Steve was a vague silhouette beside him.  The blanket lay over his chest, one arm behind his head, the other thrown with careless ease over his midsection.  Tony had thought he was asleep.
But that would mean he’d have to dislodge his tongue from that other guy’s throat, and that didn’t look like it was going to happen any time soon.
Sorry I haven't updated in a while. I've been in kind of a funk. It always happens this time of year. Feeling a little better, so here's a short chapter. I'm going to really try and get this done this week...she said hopefully.
Tony crawled on top of him, straddling him, a knee on either side, and rolled his hips.  Their erections slid against each other, creating a delicious friction.  Steve propped himself up on his elbows, and when Tony took them both in his hand, his head fell back, eyes closed, exposing the long, lovely line of his throat.
Steve squeezed him then let him go. “I wouldn’t care, if it was
“Stark?” he asked.  “He tried to kill him, Natalia.”
Steve bit his lip, and looked up at her out of the corner of his eye. “Is...um...is that why you never got married again? You didn’t want to force it?”
He wiped his eyes then reached down and touched her cheek.  Her eyes opened, and the lights from the city outside the window were just bright enough for them to see each other.
“Good-bye.”
“I’d go anywhere with you.”
“Of course, I do.”
“Yes. It means-”
He didn’t know why Steve’s kisses always surprised him.  He was an extremely confident kisser, both bold and sweet.  Maybe Tony had assumed Steve would be timid.  He was, after all, very prim and proper in his day-to-day activities.  He had a 1940’s sensibility still when it came to what was appropriate and what was not, especially when it came to things like sexuality.  He said very little, but he had no patience for people who made light of love and sex.  Nevertheless, he did not judge.  He’d been in the modern world long enough to realize his ideals were not shared by all these days, and he staunchly defended the human rights of any-and everyone, including the sexual ones.
more.  More than Tony had realized--but he kept her reined in for now.  One of these days he
“Oh,” Steve murmured. “Oh god.” Tony dipped his head to suck at Steve’s balls, then nuzzled at his inner thighs, pressing tiny kisses there while he jerked Steve’s cock hard and fast. “Tony. God, Tony, I’m gonna-” Tony’s mouth was there, enclosing him again in that soft, wet heat, sucking almost delicately now, wanting Steve to come in his mouth--wanting to taste him--and when he did, shuddering out his orgasm with a gasp and a sigh, Tony swallowed around him, drawing out every drop he could. Not wanting to waste any of it. Not something that was Steve’s. Not something so precious.
The three of them stood looking at each other.  Tony on the stoop, Pepper and Strange in the doorway.  The moment stretched like taffy until Pepper regained herself.  She reached out and took hold of his coat.  “Come inside, Tony,” she said.  “If we’re going to be awkward and silent, let’s at least do it out of the cold.  You know your immune system gets low this time of year.”
wanted to think about what you needed.” He looked up at Tony’s face. “I’m sorry, Tony. I’m so sorry I did that to you.”
Tony jerked his head back down the hallway.  “Come on,” he said, but Steve didn’t move.  Tony rolled his eyes.  “What, you want to do it out here?”
“No,” he said, and brought her hand to his mouth. He kissed her fingers then released her. “It’s good you keep in touch. He loved you. Before. You know.” He let out a breath and tried to smile for her. “I’m glad you’re still in his corner, Mom. He needs that, I think.”
Steve ran a quick hand through his hair, over his eyes, scrubbed across his cheek. Tony could see the lines of exhaustion around his eyes and mouth. “I should go, I guess,” he said. “Mom and Sam wanted me to go home and rest for a little while. I wasn’t going to, but maybe I will.”
“The same. Smooth. Natasha and Barton have been reporting on Stane hourly. Nothing serious so far.”
He kissed her cheek.  Screw the moratorium.  “I love you, Miss Potts.”
After breakfast, he would work for four hours, then have lunch--a sandwich, cut in half, and a glass of milk that he didn’t like, but drank anyway--then go back to work. He would work for another five hours, then, at six o’clock, he would put his work-things away. He had a television, and he turned it on. It didn’t matter what was on it. He changed the channel occasionally, but he never paid much attention to what played. He cooked and ate dinner while the tv was on. For dinner, he had a protein, a starch, and a vegetable. He kept it balanced. Balance. That was the name of the game here. That’s what he’d been doing for the last couple months. Balancing. He let his evening meal reflect that.
Natasha plucked the tiny bud out of her ear and put it into his hand, and then they were clutching each other.  She pressed kisses, furious and brief, onto his cheeks and his mouth.  “I missed you,” she whispered harshly.
Steve smiled.  “Yeah.  He’s got one.”
“Nat?” he said.
“Let it be enough for you to know that he’s reading your letters to him.  Right now, that’s more important.”
She got up in a slow stretch of limbs and crossed the deck to where Steve now stood. She didn’t say anything, just wrapped him in a hug from behind and settled her cheek on his back.
Steve glared and took the pizza out of the oven.  It really did smell good.
Tony was standing against the far wall, sunglasses on, a bottle of water in his hand. Voss. His favorite. Steve had tossed him the bottle when he came up the stairs. He’d done it silently, but with a little smile on his lips. Tony dropped him a thank-you wink. It was a small gesture, really, making sure Tony had that water, but it was more than appreciated. He hadn’t come right out and told anyone he wasn’t drinking anymore, but Steve had noticed. Noticed, and taken it upon himself to always have something else that Tony liked. He even brought him the occasional cup of coffee. It was decaf, sure, but Tony still drank it. Because
Tony nodded. “‘Kay. Thanks, Clint.”
Steve kissed him. Laughed more. Kissed him more.
“Come on,” Tony coaxed. “You already owe me. Owe me times two, remember?” He tipped his head up, lips curving. “Take me out tonight.”
Steve leaned into the quiet, waiting for sleep, waiting for its soft, welcoming embrace.  It was just reaching for him, just beginning to enfold him, when Tony’s voice came out of the darkness one more time.  It was a bit petulant, a bit sulky, and everything Steve had ever wanted and never thought he would be lucky enough to have.
Steve plucked the tablet out of Tony’s resisting fingers, ignoring the instant pout and grabby-hands of his partner, and sat it on his own bedside table.  “No,” he said firmly.  “No more.  You’re gonna freak these poor people out.”
changed his mind. Just like he had said he would.
honest.
? Do I leave? Do I stay? What do I do?”
The thought of Howard popped into Tony’s head, what he would think about this, how he would feel, but he leaned his head against Steve’s knee, and it went away.  Tony let it go.  He was getting better at that, too.
He groaned a little, but that was mostly habit too. He actually didn’t mind.
“And I don’t just mean in America.  I mean you get with every country, every continent, every
“No way, Rogers. We’re only half-way through this one.”
“Halten Sie Ihre hübschen Worte für sich.”
sorry you brought me here,” Steve said, and Tony let out a harsh breath.  He shook his head.
And while neither man would ever say so to anyone, not even themselves, they both felt a little piece of themselves crumble away, lost to the love of another man.
Tony threw his head back and rolled his eyes with all the flair of a silent-age actress in a penny-dreadful.  “You’re killing me, Steve.  Seriously.  Stop being so insecure about this chair.  I don’t even see it.”
“You’re welcome, sweetheart. I love you.”
“--and then we won’t get invited to any more church services, or ice cream socials, and you’ll have to start greasing your hair back, and smoking on the street corner, and thumbing your nose at the cops, and frankly, it just sounds like a lot of work.  So, if you could just not get sent to prison again, that would be great.”
“Has that ever happened before?” Sam asked, and Tony knew exactly what he meant even though none of them had spoken until now.
“I said, tighten your defense,” he growled, and she snapped her head up sharply, catching him in the nose.  He fell back as blood spurted.
Tony jerked back, clutching the edge of the counter, eyes wide and watchful.
going to die today.  It might as well be him.  It should be him.  He’d lost Bucky and Sam and Wanda and so many others, but they were coming home.  If the cost was his life, he’d pay it.  Gladly.
“Shut up. You’re the best one out of all of us.”
“No, you don’t.”
“I love you, too.”
“No. Hey,” Tony said, and even as he stood up and slipped into the seat beside Steve, even as he put his arm around his quivering shoulders and held him tight against his side, he felt those walls he’d made around his heart crumble, leaving him defenseless.
Steve stepped in and closed it behind him, shutting himself up inside. It was marginally warmer, but it didn’t even register to Steve. He dug in his pocket for change, and plugged it into the slot, coin after coin, then dialed Tony’s number. He knew them, all of them, Tony had written them on some of his letters a long time ago, hoping Steve would call, but of course, he didn’t. He couldn’t. That’s what he’d thought back then, anyway. But now, now here he was, finally using them.
He’d been standing out here for five minutes. It wasn’t cold, but there was a chill in the air now that hadn’t been there even two weeks ago that said fall was on the way. In California, he wouldn’t be feeling that chill at all. Not really, anyway. Not like here. He wasn’t sure if that made him feel better or worse about it. He wasn’t sure if he relished that change in temperature or hated it. Both, maybe. A little of both. But one thing was for sure, it was definitely there, that chill. And for a moment, a brief, frightening moment, he wondered if he was really only feeling it because he was here, standing in front of this door instead of back in his hotel room with Pepper. He’d be working at the desk now, if he was. She would probably be down in the gym, or maybe at the pool. She would come back in later, and they’d go over some more paperwork while they ate their room-service dinner, then make a couple calls, then crawl into bed together. They would probably have sex--they usually did, anyway--then they’d go to sleep, and the whole business would happen again in the morning. They had a routine, he and Pepper. It was a good one. A quiet, peaceful, predictable one. He liked it. He liked the stability of it. He needed it. He needed her.
This boy who was so far off-limits he might as well be on another planet. And not just because of his age.
What would he have done when he was a kid for five
“Try.”
Tony scratched between its ears.  The cat purred with contentment.  “You’re just pissed he outranks you.”
“--from you, pig.”
Steve sunk into his embrace. “You don’t need to be tested, Tony,” he said. “We just need to talk more.”
Tony turned the light off and laid down on the bed, still fully clothed.  He put his hand behind his head and stared up at the ceiling, thinking about it.
“No,” Howard said. “It’s not. In fact, that doesn’t matter to me, at all. I’ve known for a very long time about Tony’s sexuality. In California he had a lot of girlfriends. And he had a lot of boyfriends. He didn’t think I knew about any of them, but I knew about them all.”
Tony pulled him back down into his arms again. “For me, too,” he said into Steve’s neck. “I’m glad you’re home.”
A flush of gratification ran the length of Tony’s body--
“Of course.”
“Tony,” Steve said sharply.  “Sit
And the words themselves carried weight.  Precious, perfect weight.  Was Steve really saying forever?  Was he really promising Tony his life?  God, if that were only true.
“Hi,” Steve said, and he hoped it made Tony even a fraction as happy as Tony made him.
The meetings didn’t help.
Steve took a sip of his beer, watching Tony closely out of the corner of his eye, watching the guy crawl all over him, watching Tony’s hands settle on his hips. He remembered doing that with Tony himself. Remembered the way Tony’s skin had felt under the pads of his fingers. Soft. Almost silky. He took another sip and drug his eyes away.
“I hate that it’s like that,” Tony said. “I hate that we could never get it together enough to
Bruce put down his cup.  “She’s had a lot of chances.”
“Hey! Let’s go!”
fault Thad Ross was a complete and utter dick. And it wasn’t his fault that he had been at the bar tonight. Or that he had decided to come over to his and Sam’s table and start running his fucking mouth. No, that wasn’t Tony’s fault. Not at all. What came after might have been his fault...but not really. He couldn’t help it if his fist suddenly connected with Ross’s nose with a satisfying crunch, or that Tony had liked that sound so much he decided to just hit him again. No, that wasn’t his fault.
in a pleasant mood.  There was none of the low-grade fever jumping and sizzling through his veins like there usually was pre-mission.  He felt an air of quiet contentment.  Part of it was Tony, part of it was Nat being home, part of it was all of them being together this morning, but none of that could account for the entirety of the peace he felt.  Most of it was that he knew they were going to win.  He’d woken up with the knowledge inside of him, nestled in his brain like a slumbering animal.  He knew something else too--someone
Behind him, Bucky collapsed on the ground in tears.  Natasha knelt next to him and took him into her arms as best she could.  Sam hesitated only a moment before joining them, slipping one arm around Nat’s waist and the other across Bucky’s heaving shoulders.
“You know that’s not what happened, right?” Steve asked.  “You know I didn’t do that?”
“Nor would I expect him to.  He’s in recovery, Tony.”
He raised one shoulder in a shrug, his face unchanging.
Steve would be breathless.
Tony shrugged. “Yeah, I can’t even argue with that.”
guy?” Tony asked. “And be careful what you say next. You don’t want
“You’re asking my permission now?”
Bucky glanced back, smiling his--
first choice.  You’re just the consolation prize.”  He looked him over, then twisted his hand out of Tony’s grip and stood up.  He wiped his hand on his trousers as if he’d touched something dirty.
He led him by the hand into the bedroom the way he had always done. He watched Tony strip off his jacket and shirt. Watched him sit on the edge of the bed and kick his shoes off. Watched as he slid easily back until his head was on the pillow, then raised his hand to Steve, opening it and closing it a few times in a silent request--command?--for him to join him. And Steve did. He didn’t bother with his clothes. He just took Tony’s hand and climbed onto the bed after him. He laid down, tucking his head up under Tony’s chin, and held him.
Steve slipped his hand into Tony’s and ran his thumb across his knuckles. “Let’s go to my room.”
That’s the way he’d ended up at the supermarket when his phone buzzed.  It was an unknown number.  Tony let it go to voicemail and kept shopping.
“The night we had dinner with Rhodey and Carol, Tony,” she hissed.  Her color was high, her hazel eyes flashed.  Steve’s eyes were blue.  They were like ice chips when he was mad.  “You said I’d met most of your family and maybe you should meet mine.  Remember?”
“Yeah,” he said faintly, and squeezed her hand. “It has. But, I think that might be okay now. At least, that’s what Sam said. He thinks she might not hate me quite as much anymore.”
“Are you sure it’s his father?” Steve asked. He knew how stupid that sounded, but it seemed insane to think Howard Stark was here, in his house, this very minute. That he had parked his expensive car on the street. That he had climbed the stairs Steve had climbed every day since forever. That he was standing, or even stranger,
(See the end of the chapter for
“I think we both wanted a kid, though. Just not together.”
Steve shrugged.  “I’m tired.  I think I’ll go to bed.”
“Clint,” she said gently.  “Don’t.  I know, but don’t.  You’re better than that.”
I can handle it.
had given
“Do you really think so, Tony?” His voice was worried and hopeful, and Tony felt his heart ache with love for him.  Heightened as it was by their shared madness, it nearly brought him to his knees.
Steve laughed again. He couldn’t help it. And it felt really good. Really, really good. Carlos wasn’t back yet, but Steve had finished his paintings and taken them in to the campus. He hadn’t heard anything back yet, but it had only been a couple of days. And Steve had watched very closely when the professor stripped the coverings off to glance at them. His eyebrows had shot up into his hairline and he had taken his glasses off the top of his head and put them on so he could look closer. He had looked at the first one for a solid minute while Steve stood by, his guts roiling in his stomach, gnawing at his thumbnail, part of him freaking out with worry, another part of him jumping up and down for joy.
He left out some of the more intimate details, the kisses and caresses, the way Steve looked with the razor in his hand, the heavenly feel of Steve’s tongue in his mouth.  He left out, too, his own bout of teenage-style lust.  He was still ashamed of it and hoped he could take that little tid-bit to the grave.
“Tony.”
“Yeah?”
“And I know we’ve had a lot of...stuff, but we’re older now. Things have changed. I think
apologized to
“But I was,” Tony said, catching his eye.  “We all were.  We’ve got your back.  That’s what we do, right?” He looked around the table and Bruce patted Steve’s arm.  “Hell, yeah,” Clint said.
“Always with the wit.”
“Be they ever so humble.”
“Speaking of,” Tony said, “he’s probably wondering where I am.”
“I do? What? Halloween?”
staring at you. It would have been embarrassing if it wasn’t so damn sweet.”
Steve flinched.
“Tony--”
Steve smiled at the way they were looking at each other. There was nothing tentative about it. It was frank and direct. No shy little smiles and bashful eyelash-batting. They assessed each other with cool confidence and Steve could almost feel the electricity that sizzled between them. It was strange, feeling that from the outside. He’d had that with Tony. Every time they looked at each other for a while, he had felt like he was burning up from the inside out, but seeing it--and feeling it second-hand--between Nat and Bucky was different. He wasn’t jealous. Bucky was great, and Natasha was too. It just felt strange. Being close to it, but not being a part of it.
The sound of his voice in the darkness was fragile, as if he was teetering on the edge of a precipice above some unknown abyss and it was only Tony’s kiss that could ground him.
He sat in the kitchen, his hands in the dishwater, looking down at his lap.  They’d been talking about Wakanda, how peaceful it was there, how it was almost like here.  “Yeah, when I used to go there to…” Steve stopped, his face going pale, paler, palest.  “...visit…” He drew in a breath, dropped his eyes.  His shoulders tensed, his entire body beginning to shake.
“Are you sure?” Steve teased.  “If I recall, you told me I was a terrible cuddler once.”
“Good,” Tony said, and sat down. He gestured at the chair across from him, and John sat down too. “First names are good. Makes things a little more personal. A little more human. Don’t you think?”
“We all know what it means.”
“Wait. The opposite of glacial might be global warming.”
Sam hugged him and Tony hugged back.  It was warm and friendly.
Steve let out a breath and gazed up at him. He settled his hands on Tony’s hips. “I’ve got everything I want right here.”
“How do you know Clint ate it?” Steve asked.
Steve turned on his side, grabbed his shirt from the foot of the bed. “Things have just been kind of, you know, tense lately.”
“Hmm.  I think I still have that place in Tahiti.”
“Something like that.”
“You’re welcome,” he said, then squeezed him tight. “And you know you’re never gonna be alone, right?” he said into Tony’s ear. “I’m gonna make sure of it.
“Uh, hey, uh...” Tony said. Even though the dog was obviously overtly friendly, he still felt nervous.
He tossed his keys into the bowl at the door, feeling a familiar pang when no Sir Purr came running, then went to the bedroom.  Steve wasn't there, but the mirror was still fogged over from his shower, the scent of Skin Bracer sharp and intoxicating in the air.
Tony pulled a chair out and threw himself into it.  He scrubbed his hands over his own face and looked up.  “So?  What is it now?”
“You need more B-12, boss.  I could order you a vitamin tablet,” she paused, “or you could just get more sun.”
Steve took Tony’s fingers in his own hand and pressed them against his mouth. His eyes drifted closed, and he sighed. “I’d like to stay here for a little bit. I love staying with Nat and Sam, but it might be nice to have a change of scenery.”
Thor nodded approvingly.  “Ah, so she was formidable, then.”
Tony nodded.  “Yeah.  He acted like I was a soldier.  Just some soldier.”
Not about anything very serious. Just small talk. Weather. Stuff on the news. Office gossip. Never actual business, though. They talked business before and after lunch, but never during. That was
“I remember.”
A shrug and a nod:
Steve turned into Tony, put his hand on Sir Purr’s back, scritching his fingers in his fur, and kissed Tony again over the cat’s head.  “How about I talk half the night, and the other half, you kiss me?”
And a happy ending for all concerned!
"See you at home," he mumbled to Tony without looking at him, then went out to his car.
Tony got out of the car and looked around.  He didn’t want to get out.  It wasn’t the safety of the Iron Man suit--hell, the Hemi-Cuda’s windows weren’t even bullet-proof, just plain old safety glass--but just being inside that metal shell was a source of comfort.  It was like a womb, a metal womb that was both protective and comfortable.  It was an illusion, of course.  Any metal could be breached if given the time and resources, but sometimes the illusion of safety was enough.
“Initiate sequence.”
“No,” Steve said automatically, and Sarah gave him a sympathetic but stern look.
He sat with her for a while, watching her sleep, and when she didn’t wake up, barely even moved, he stood up, kissed her again, whispered, “I love you, Mom,” and left, closing the door softly behind him.
“I love you, baby,” Tony said. And if he was near tears, nobody had to know.
She didn’t bat an eye, just frowned.  “Is he okay?” she asked.  Tony worshipped her in that moment.
Steve shook his head. “No,” he whispered. “I’m afraid it will.”
Steve exhaled a cloud of smoke. “Nat. Hey. It’s Steve.”
“You’re
“I wasn’t right,” Tony snapped, his voice sharper than he intended.  He stopped, took a deep breath, calming himself, and began again.  “I read Howard’s files.  Hell, I read
Steve looked at him out of the corner of his eye. His mouth bowed slighty. “I was trying,” he whispered. “But you took my bottle away.”
Tony gave him a peculiar smile. One he could not completely read. “The plan is the same,” Tony said. “I’m just thinking about changing the venue.”
He hated it.
“I’ll pay you again.”
To those it bothers, I'm really sorry.
On the phone. He always did.
Ross held his hand, his teeth bared in a shark’s grin.  “But you should be used to that, shouldn’t you?  You’ve never been
friends. It’s easier to be friendly when you’ve got something in common.”
Steve ducked his head, smiling and blushing furiously. “How do you always know just what to say?” he asked. “It doesn’t even seem like you think about it.” He shook his head a little. “You just open your mouth and the perfect thing comes out of it. Every single time.”
“Can you stay for a minute?” Steve asked.  “Just a minute?”
He got his phone out and looked at it. Thad had bought it for him when they started dating. Steve had tried to turn it down, but Thad insisted. He had bought him new clothes too. A Ralph Lauren camel-hair coat. A watch. Steve had drawn the line at the car he’d wanted to buy. It was too much. He couldn’t accept it. Thad sulked for a while but he got over it when Steve got on his knees and first apologized, then let him fuck his mouth until he came down Steve’s throat. When Steve tried to pull away, Thad clenched his fist in his hair, and said, “No. You’re going to stay here for a while. If you really want me to be happy, stay here and keep me happy.”
“Get him
“Yeah, how long did those gyros sit in the fridge?”
Steve’s breath caught in his throat.
I've said it before--my research skills are not good. Thanks to Google for what I got right, blame me for what I got wrong. Next chapter up in a week...or so.
Steve’s paralysis and control broke at the same time.  He slid his arm around Tony’s waist as he’d dreamed of doing so many times, and spun them around.  He pressed himself fully against Tony, capturing him between the door and his own body.  Tony took in a sharp breath and clutched Steve’s shoulder with one hand.  The other came up and knotted itself in Steve’s hair.
“No.  They mean well.”
“I told you we just need to cool off. It’ll be okay.”
Tony straddled Steve’s hips, one hand still covering his mouth, the other holding his arm down. “Be on my side, Captain,” he said--and it wasn’t his fault if it came out low and sultry--“and I’ll make all your dreams come true.”
Steve went to the door. He assumed it was Bucky and Nat. Everybody else he knew was already here. At least everybody who would show up at his mother’s door at almost ten o’clock on a Saturday night. But it wasn’t.
Sam and Natasha exchanged a look.  One that Tony was entirely left out of, and he didn’t like it one bit.  He imagined an entire conversation happening between those locked eyes.
Steve looked at them, then held them up for Doctor Strange to see.  They’d stitched them just to be on the safe side.  The sedatives they dumped into him every night slowed the serum down too.  He still healed extraordinarily fast, but it wasn’t instantaneous.  And he had bitten deeply.  Down to the bone.
“He tore through another set, doctor.  We need something stronger.”
Tony watched him walk into the bar. How he had happened to glance up at that particular moment, how his eyes had found the door at that crucial second, was beyond him. He didn’t even try to figure it out. He just accepted it as one of those chance things. One of those one-in-a-billion circumstances that so many people call “fate”.
Tony nuzzled into Steve’s chest. He didn’t say anything, but Steve didn’t seem to mind. He ran a hand over Tony’s back, and asked, “You sure you’re okay?”
He nodded, and she kissed him one last time, hard on his cheek. “I love you, Mom.”
She nodded, her blonde hair glinting in the sun.  It looked pretty.  Steve touched it and she smiled at him.
, he thought as he moved.
Tony shoved his hands into his pockets and kicked the tire of her BMW.  “I got some news and I wanted to tell someone.”
“I was only gone for-” silence while Tony smothered him with kisses “- a few hours.”
Tony frowned.  “What?”
Ross had his phone out and was dialing a lot more numbers than 911.
He found his table after dancing and sat down. Sam was supposed to be here with him tonight, but he’d had an emergency at work. One of his patients had fallen and re-broken her hip, and had begged Sam to stay with her. She was older, and had no family. He couldn’t refuse. He’d called Steve and apologized over and over. Steve told him it was fine. He would be okay. He would be fine. Of course, he would be fine.
“Can I come in?” he asked again.  “FRIDAY said you’re pretty upset.  I think you’ve got her worried.”  He laughed shakily.  “You’re worrying me too, baby, I’m not gonna lie.”
“I’m sure you’re wondering what I’m doing here,” Howard said.
Part of him knew that.
Quiet spun out between them, heavy with feeling and a million things both said and unsaid.  At last, Steve broke it.
Tony squeezed Steve's hands again. “I’m all about consent, Cap, one-hundred-percent a go for consent, but you don’t have to apologize for holding my hand ten or whatever years ago.  In fact, I’m sorry.”
Right behind him. Tony could feel him there. Right behind him.
Morgan looked up at her, and Sarah looked back. There were tears in the corners of Sarah’s eyes, but she smiled with a brilliance that made Tony almost want to start crying again himself.
Tony stepped closer, not getting into his personal bubble, but edging around it.  God, how he wanted to touch him.  Stroke that pale, gaunt cheek, slide his arms around that too-thin waist.  He resisted.  His own synapses were firing like a machine gun, who knew what Steve’s were doing.  He did know he hadn’t looked at him yet, not after that initial gaze.  Hadn’t looked at him, stood with his shoulders hunched, shivering inside his jacket, and holding that damn ruck-sack like it was a security blanket.
to be Steve’s, anyway. He flicked his hand at the frames sitting there, then folded his arms again. “Take the photos.”
“For what?”
, Steve,” she said, tugging on him, and he and Dodger followed obediently. He had a feeling he might be in trouble here. Had a feeling being led around by the hand by this kid could get to become a habit he might never want to break. And he was fine with it. Totally fine. “Daddy!” she called as she led him through the door. “Steve and Dodger are here!”
“But are you really going to do that?”
Is that what your wife calls you?  Thaddeus?  Or is she as special as the rest of us, and gets to call you Secretary of State, General Thaddeus Ross?  That’d make for some long-ass dinner table conversations.”
“Baby?”
"I won’t."
“Yes sir, Mr. Stark.”
“I know.”
“I don’t have puppy-dog eyes.”
“Mom-”
“Steve?  What’s going on?”
“You’re not awful.”
“Steve?” Tony said, and pulled back enough to look up into his eyes. “Baby. Don’t you want that? Don’t you want me again?”
can't just throw money at everything.  That's not always a solution."
“I love you too, Tony. I love you.”
Tony looked at them.  All the horrible things Ross had done to Steve over the years.  Steve didn’t want to know about this part of it.  He didn’t want to think about what the consequences would be for Ross.  Or even if there
Tony stripped his t-shirt over his head and cleaned them both up as best he could, then threw it on the floor.  He lay back down and Steve rolled them so they were on their sides, Steve pressed up against Tony’s back, his arm around him, his face in the back of Tony’s neck.
“What kind of mood are you in?”
“Give it to Wanda.”
what he said, but when I saw him, there was like this light pulsing behind my eyes, and it was like before.  When they took me away before.  I felt mixed up like I did then.  For a second, I didn’t know where I was.”
She opened those big brown eyes again, and held her arms up. “Kisses.”
Steve moved his fingers away.  “Yeah?”
Natasha nodded. “Yes. He would.” Tony looked down at his clasped hands, and she huffed a soft laugh and rolled her eyes. “You’d
him so many times over the last few months. Had made it clear to him how much he thought Steve was not only exactly what he deserved, but what he needed. What he wanted. The only thing he wanted. The only person who would ever make him happy, and while it had still taken a little while for Steve to actually believe that, he finally did now. Tony wanted him. Tony needed him. Tony would not be happy unless they were together. And how fucking lucky was that, because
. That’s between me and the Virgin Mary.”
It had been raining when Steve woke up ten minutes before his alarm, just like always. Raining when he rolled onto his side and looked toward the window, listening to the patter of drops hitting the glass. Raining when he fit his body around Tony’s. Raining when he decided to just forget his run this morning and stay curled up in bed for a couple more hours.
His Steve was nothing if not consistent.
Steve frowned. “Tony?” he said, sudden worry coloring his voice. “I’m sorry. Did I read the signals wrong again?”
“Would you like a visual?”
It had been a week since he’d seen Tony again. A week since they’d gotten hot chocolate. A week since they’d decided to try again. Steve still was not one hundred percent sure that it had happened at all. If he didn’t have a napkin with Tony’s phone number written on it, he would have been one hundred percent positive that it
Tony pet Sir Purr, his eyes on Steve’s back.  “Hey,” he said lightly, “you should call Bucky.  Invite him up again for the weekend.”
Morgan shuffled her foot against the tile, tracing the regular line of its edge. “Can I come with you?”
“For as long as I can,” he answered. “Then my mom and dad will. I already talked to them. It’s okay. Don’t worry about that.”
“It’s okay,” she whispered. “It’s only a few weeks. Everything’s going to be okay. We’ll all be just fine.”
“Yeah. Nothing.”
He didn’t know if he had voiced all those words aloud or if they only existed in his head, but it didn't matter. Tony was here. Tony was touching him, holding him, giving him everything he wanted, everything he'd promised, and Steve felt that quiet in his head again. Felt it there as Tony's eyes delved into his own, parsing the truth there for himself.
“They’re not for me.”
If I don't see you for the next story, thanks again for reading this one!
“Me too.”
Steve ran his hand up and down Tony’s spine.  “Me too.  Except I’m like a teenager for the first time.  I didn’t have much luck before.”
The kid hitched in a breath, held it, then let it out. “Okay. But this really has to be the last one.”
want to go?”
“Are you sure you want to do this?”
“Good,” Tony said, then sighed. “Why’d you have to get me thinking about Colonel Sanders? Now I want chicken. FRIDAY, order in some KFC, okay?” He started away, back toward the party, back toward Pepper, then turned back. “Oh, and seriously, Cap? Cuddling lessons. Think about it.”
That didn’t mean his mind was
“What?”
“I don’t hate you,” she said.
Steve took his hand and kissed the fingers, then all big-eyed innocence, “I don’t remember that part, at all.”
Tony smiled.  “Give her a kiss for me.”
The French say it best.  They always do.
Steve watched Tony moodily zip his ball into its bag--hot rod red and gold, of course.  “You think so?”
,” she said, ticking the responses off her red-painted nails.  “And he happens to be very sexy.”
“Ball-park it for me.”
“I think I just thought of a way to get us out of this whole thing.”
“No?”
“Suit yourself.”
Then they started talking about the game against the Buxton Lane-Jumpers, and Tony bought them all another round.
He pulled her into his arms and held her.  His rock.  His constant.  He supposed the plan could go on without her, but he was less confident in whether or not he could.
“You hurt,” she sobbed.  “So much hurt.”
“No arguments here,” he sighed.
Tired, aching muscles. Tired, distracted thoughts. Shoulda, woulda, coulda thoughts. Too many thoughts. Dirty. Disheveled. Bloody more often than not. He hated the blood. He thought he should be used to it by now. So many times now, he’d been covered in blood. Either his own or someone else’s.
He brushed his fingers over her cheek, then turned to Dodger. He hugged him. Told him he was a good boy. Told him to take care of everybody while he was gone. Steve said it in his ear, and just trusted Dodger understood. He knew he did. He could read his mind, after all.
Steve took his phone out of his pocket and scrolled through.  “Three,” he said.
look good.”
“Sorry, Mr. Fury.”
“Then I accept your terms.” He looked back down at his paper, his eyes moving across it as he read. “Tony.”
“See?” Jeff said.  “You’ve got a game-plan already.  You’ll be back on top in no time.”
sleepy, Tony,” Steve whispered, curling into Tony’s chest. “I think I will take a nap.” He clenched a fist into the back of Tony’s shirt, holding him tight. “You’re gonna stay and take one too, right?”
"Quit moving, Tony, I told you.  Damn."
He left feeling good. Warm, and happy, and
Steve did too.
Ross nodded.  “It looks good, Stark.  It…” He stopped talking, his eyes trained on the door.
“Repairs?”  His voice sounded exquisitely stupid in his ears.
“Are we ever going to get this right?”
“What’s happening?” she asked.
“Maybe I’ve changed.”
He was an excellent driver.
“No,” Tony said. “We’re good. Thanks.”
Suddenly, Steve was very angry at himself. There was something wrong. That was obvious. Something was wrong, and Steve had just left him alone. Had given up after two texts and two phone calls.  What kind of person was he? What kind of friend? Selfish. Thad
“No, it’s alright.” Tony scritched his scalp. “You move with me, okay?”
It was slow and gentle but extremely thorough, his mouth warm, his tongue soft.  This was what Steve had been born for, what he’d went into the ice for, and why he’d come back out again, for this shared breath, this warm, wonderful person in his arms.  It was everything he had dreamed of, but this was better because it was real this time.
“Steve,” he heard Natasha say, and then she was gone.  She moved slowly until Steve raised his hand to her, his lips curving into a bashful smile, then she went faster.
, it was better than the despair Tony had seen on his face earlier.
“I punched Secretary Ross in the face, sir.  I believe I broke his nose.”
Her eyes flitted around the room again, restless, searching. Steve admired and appreciated it. He knew she was trained as a spy, but she had a soldier’s eye. Like called to like, his mother would have said. The thought that his mother would have liked Natasha lit a warm fire in his chest. He leaned closer still.
Tony was lying in his bed when he came back out. His eyes were soft with sleepiness, but he smiled up at Steve and reached for him. “C’mere,” he said. “I want you.”
“We weren’t making out, we were just--”
Tony snorted cynically.  “Always with the wit, huh, Rogers?”
Tony hummed a little. He was still smiling. Steve thought he was special. He wasn’t sure if he’d ever be able to stop smiling again. “Can I tell you a secret?”
Steve didn’t look up. He was frowning over something on his computer. He typed some numbers into a calculator, frowned harder, then typed again.
“Still,” he pressed and cast an uncertain eye down to where the kid stood. “I was a jerk. I need to make it right.”
“I’m going to ask him to come back, but…”
“Are you insane, Fury?  Should we put you in a mental hospital, as well?”
But it was right.  He knew it.  That weight was gone.  The only weight on him now was Tony’s, and that was the only weight he ever wanted to feel again.  That weight was nice.  That weight was perfect, warm, wanted,
Tony nodded.
“Is it?  Still?”
“It turned out great.”
Tony reached into his pocket with the hand not holding Steve’s. When he brought it back out, it was holding a little silver box. Steve frowned in concentration as Tony put it on the table and slid it across toward him.
for fear.
“Okay.”
“What about anyone else?” he ventured.
"Are you sure it's been eighteen years?"
“I promise
Tony gave Steve’s hand a squeeze, then grabbed a plate from the couple still stacked on the counter. “But look at her now,” he said. “How many is that for you, peanut? Ten? Twenty?”
“We have dinner early around here. Is five-thirty okay for you?”
He bumped his shoulder against hers.  “And you all say
“For luck,” he said.  “Laura used to say that.”
Steve frowned a little, surprise on his face. “What? I thought…?”
He dropped to one knee next to the bed.  Strange was right.  Tony could see he’d lost weight.  With a metabolism as fast as his, it would not have taken long to lose thirty pounds.  They would have had to feed him around the clock, if they were doing it intravenously, just to give him enough calories to keep his body functioning.  Did they induce a coma while they fed him?  Strange didn’t say, but it would make sense.  An inactive body burned less fuel, making it easier to keep him alive.  Tony could ask him.  Oh, wait, no, he couldn’t.
“Hey.”
Steve nodded, glancing down to watch the people on the streets. It was warm out, the sun setting, but still shining, and there were still a lot of people outside enjoying the air. He glanced around, up the fire escape, then back down. No one was near him. He was careful to make sure he was alone before he used the phone. He was always careful in everything he did. That’s how he had gotten so far so fast in his career. Or mostly, anyway.
Steve’s eyes flashed again, staring into Ross’.  Tony rolled his own in exasperation.  He turned around, keeping himself between them.  It seemed safest.  Not for himself, of course, but for both of the other two men.
“You think I don’t know that?”
“How did he get back?” he asked finally.
Thanks for indulging me, LOL! Back to our regularly-scheduled plot next chapter. And I seriously think there's only two left now!
He made a quick butter and lemon pan sauce, then threw together a salad.  It was a simple meal.  Nothing fancy, but he still felt proud of it nonetheless.  He wondered what his mom would think if she could see this.  If she could see her only son puttering around the kitchen making dinner, and washing up as he went, and setting the table, and getting out candles because it had been a while since they’d had a candlelit dinner, and even though it was just a Wednesday, and it was just chicken cutlets and salad, Steve still wanted it to be nice.  Especially tonight.  Especially after two weeks of being hated.  He wondered if she would be proud of what she saw.  He knew she would be proud of what he’d
“Are we--oh.
Tony shrugged.  “I was just thinking.  About later.  After dinner.”
Tony gave him a smile. Steve wanted to take his hand, but he didn’t. He didn’t want to make matters worse, and Howard was looking at him now, looking at him the same way he had looked at him in Tony’s bedroom that first day.
right, but I know I am. I knew you had to get it from somewhere.”
“Oh yeah.”
“How much time?” he muttered.  “It’s been two weeks.”
What was happening in my head was WAY darker than I decided I wanted this to be. There's still going to be a little drama and angsty stuff, but nothing like I was thinking. I'm trying to make this a little fluffier than some of my other stuff. Anyway, hope you enjoyed, and I'll see you in a week or so with chapter 3. Loves to all!
“Where are you?”
--want to get you out of here.”
“Don’t press your luck, mister.”
Steve held his hand out. “Okay,” he agreed immediately. “Come here. Tell me what to say. I’ll say anything. I’ll do anything.” The words came out plainly, but he meant them. He had never meant anything more in his entire life. He would do whatever Tony said. He was completely prepared to agree to anything Tony needed. He had left the army when Pietro asked, but there had always been that tiny seed of resentment there. That tiny bit of hurt and anger that Pietro would ask him to give up something that had been so much a part of who he was, but right now, if Tony asked him to leave his entire military career behind, he’d do it no questions asked. He’d change whatever Tony asked him to change. He’d become whatever Tony wanted him to become. He’d do anything.
“I was kidding,” he said wearily, “and you’re talking about dying like it’s nothing.”
“No, Tony, listen,” Steve said, and in spite of himself, in spite of everything, Tony listened. “I’m stationed here now. Or almost, anyway. Jersey. And I know you spend a lot of time in California, but that’s not that far. Not really. Not like Afghanistan-far.”
Tony clenched his fist, rolling his eyes in helpless frustration.  “Throw me a bone, Steve, please.  If you’re going to smack-talk me, at least do it in English.”
Steve drew in a breath and let it out.  An air of happiness, of contentment settled around him.  Tony wrapped himself up in it, just like he wrapped himself up in Steve’s arms every night.
for me too?”
“Ross, for Christ’s sake, stop,” Tony said.  “Hang up.  Let’s figure this out.”
They left around midnight. Sam, Wanda, and Howard all left at the same time. Sarah hugged Sam and Wanda and shook Howard’s hand. Howard thanked her with a deep sincerity, and she told him he was welcome to come back anytime.
Tony knew the names.  Howard trotted them out from time to time when he was in his cups.  Not as often as Steve’s, but often enough Tony knew exactly who they were.  The Howling Commandos.  Steve’s old squad.
“There’s nothing to be sorry for.”
“That would never happen.”
--never really talked about Morgan.”
“That’s not what I meant,” Tony said. His fingers kneaded Steve’s restlessly, clenching and un-clenching, running over his knuckles. “I meant, what do we do
“Why didn’t they make
“Boss?”
He put his head in his hand and looked up at her.  “Tomorrow’s the anniversary.”
“Don’t be ridiculous, Steve,” he answered flippantly. “It’s absolutely fine. I’ll drive you home.”
“Make him forget...who he was.  Make him forget everything.”
The kid nodded curtly.  “Yes, sir.  The inmates call me sir, but may not salute.  If they salute, they’re put in the hole for a week.”
There was no door at the top of the stairs, no walls, just a railing made up of a log as a crossbeam and clear-varnished pine branches as spindles.  They’d kept it that way even after Steve moved up there.  Privacy?  What did he need privacy for?  Steve Rogers was an open book.  Tony heard him moving up there, the rustle of his clothing, the squeak of the mattress as he sat down on it.
, I mean,” he said.  “
Steve sighed.  Tony waited.
He didn’t miss Steve at all. Not at all.
He found his way into the restroom. It was crowded, and he didn’t really even need it, so he turned around and walked back out. He avoided the corner where Tony and Josh were. He avoided even looking in that direction. He didn’t need to see any more of that. He’d seen his fill. It was burned into his brain. He’d never have to see it again in person. All he’d have to do is close his eyes and there it would be. Tony sprawled on the bench, Josh in his lap, whispering sweet whatevers in his ear. In fact, it was a good thing he had insomnia half the time now. It would give him less chances to see that little display. It was too bad he couldn’t just figure out some way to dig out the memory section of his brain and have done with it. Sure, it might take away the good memories he had, but at least this one would be gone too.
But, better.
Steve looked down at Jack’s hand on his arm, and when he looked back up, Jack didn’t look away. He held Steve’s gaze frankly. He really did smell good. And he wasn’t bad looking. Seemed nice. And he was interested. He said so. Nobody said they were interested in the army. They couldn’t. And it had been a
Tony scritched his fingers across Steve’s scalp, making him sigh.  “Yeah.  I am,” he said.  “It will be cathartic.  For all of us.”
Another fraction of an inch, and was that amusement or even warmth in his eyes again?  God, Tony hoped so.
Instead of getting irritated by that phrase--he had come to personally detest it, especially when it came out of Steve’s mouth--Tony let it go.  He understood it this time.  He had, in fact, had a  very long, very intense conversation with Nat, Bruce, and Sam about that very thing.  They all agreed not to talk about it.  Not to mention the last time they’d come up, not to push Steve into discussing, remembering, or even thinking about it if he didn’t want to.  Tony didn’t know if that was healthy or not.  He didn’t give a shit if it was healthy or not.  He just wanted his guy to have a nice weekend.
sometimes do a flyover to see if they can catch us doing something weird, and while skinny-dipping on the roof may not be considered ‘weird’, it may be considered ‘scandalous’, especially if it’s Captain America doing the...dipping? I guess? Or would it be doing the skinny? Does it have to be all one word? ‘Cause that’s kind of a mouthful. Saying ‘skinny-dipping’ every time is a very time-consu-”
“Yeah,” Tony agreed, and stood up. He picked up the ticket their server had laid on the table after refilling their coffee. “Yeah. Let’s go.”
They stepped out into the summer afternoon and Nat stood between them.  Steve and Clint, her two best friends.  The man she’d loved the longest, and the one she’d loved the most fiercely.  She took their arms and held them both tightly, her eyes finding those of the man she loved most at the end of the aisle.
Seconds passed, and finally, Natasha nodded.  “Alright.”
“No,” Tony said before Strange could jump in and take this from him too.  “Come on back to the Tower.  It’s pretty quiet there.  And I’ve got movies, and popcorn, and, you know, every Thai place in the city on speed dial.  It’s way better than a hotel.”
he’d react.  You pushed him into it.”
Tony smiled a little, his face growing thoughtful. “You think so?” he asked, tightening his grip on Steve’s hand.
“Hey, Dad.”
Steve rubbed his cheek against the fabric of Tony’s shirt. “You might be surprised,” he said. “Army-grade blankets aren’t the best quality, and when we went on patrols, we weren’t always able to build a fire. Sometimes me and the Howlies ended up sleeping in one big pile just to keep warm. We didn’t call it ‘snuggling’ then, though.” He smiled. “Well, okay, Dugan did, and we always laughed. It was funny, you know? He was big, and kind of...brash, I guess.” Steve laughed fondly at the memory of his friend. “He liked to joke around. They all did.
He tried to shake it off.  “Do you want me to show you around?”
“God, leave it to you to actually have an amazing reason.  Maybe I should buy out every shop in the city for her.”
hadn’t been there when he was seventeen. His face had been smooth, unlined, open and sweet. Tony remembered thinking he’d lost his innocence somewhere along the way. Lost it in the desert.
As if to emphasize that, Tony said, “You’re different. Do you know that?”
He whirled toward Steve.  “Baby, listen to me.  Let her help.  Let her do this.  Please.”
“Fine,” Steve grumbled. But it was a very happy grumble.
“Yeah,” he said faintly.
“I’ll bitch all I want, Rogers.  Lie down.”
“There you are.”
this?
“Your feet are gonna go numb.”
He opened the fridge and took out the orange juice.  It was the extra-pulpy kind.  His favorite.  When he’d moved into the Tower, there had only been the smooth, pulp-free kind in here.  Then one morning he’d made an off-hand comment about liking the pulp.  Tony went off on him, making an extravagant argument about how disgusting the little bits of pulp were--
Steve admired the way Tony was with people.  It was an admiration that bordered on secret pride.  He’d heard Tony’s stories of Howard as a father and gathered that their relationship had not been a good one, but seeing the way Tony talked with people, he could not imagine Howard ever being disappointed in how his son turned out.
“Sure, I’m sure,” he said and gazed up at Tony again.  “Long as you’re here.”
Steve let three people use his phone. He smoked while he waited, trying to think of some way to call Tony and tell him he’d be late without actually
That searing flare of jealousy ripped through him again.
Steve closed his eyes.  He drew in a deep breath and let it out slowly.  “I’m sorry I’m like this,” he whispered.  “You didn’t sign up for this.”
Tony knew he shouldn’t, knew they were skating on thin ice now, but he could not resist another kiss. He couldn’t resist feeling Steve’s mouth on his one more time. “I’m so proud of you, baby.” Steve ducked his head, smiling a little. Tony had never called him that before today. It felt good coming out of his mouth, though. It felt right. Tony sighed, contented and happy. He flicked his hand at his books. “Do you still want to study?”
, Steve.  What the fuck?”
“Some do,” Steve agreed, and tightened his arms around Tony’s middle.
He tried to smile, tried to tell her he was fine, not to worry, everything was right with him, everything was right with the world, but she could see through him. He knew it as well as he knew his own name. He shrugged instead. Shrugged and sighed. Nothing was right with him. Nothing ever had been. This was just one more symptom, one more malady. But there was no serum to fix this one.
Tony moved higher up Steve’s body so they could be eye-to-eye. He put his hand on his cheek and turned his face toward him. “Do you still love me?” he asked. Steve tried to turn away, but Tony wouldn’t let him. He kept his hand on his cheek. “Do you? Please tell me. I need to know.”
“Don’t make fun.”
Tony stifled a laugh. The whole thing seemed sweet, and more than a little silly to him, but he couldn’t help it. He didn’t really want to help it. He kind of loved that Steve was a bit dorky, and did things like shushing him so that he’d remember to be quiet while passing his nosy neighbor’s door. He loved a lot of things about Steve. He loved
She took his hand, and Bruce sat on the arm of the couch beside her..  “I know.  I believed in them, too.  It wasn’t the wrong decision, Tony.  Just, maybe not the right...framework.”
Steve bit his lip. He had no right to get angry. No right to feel hurt. Pietro had been a dream. Perfect. Exactly what he needed. Exactly what he should have. And Steve
read your file, and you did everything you could.  More than you could, because you’re
He went down to the training room and slipped right into a run.  It was a good time to think, the repetitive motion, one foot in front of the other, arms pumping, lungs filling and emptying, heart expanding and contracting.  His body knew what to do.  He trusted it.  He even trusted the serum that ran through it.  He didn’t always feel that way, but now, running, running, was so simple an act that he sometimes forgot that he hadn’t always been able to do it.  And it felt good.  It felt good to run.  It felt good to have the air fill his lungs and not get stuck halfway down, unwilling to either go up or down, blocking his throat until he passed out.  Or died.  There had always been that possibility.
Not long after one game show swapped for another--and Steve didn’t even pretend to care about this one. His limit for pricing games and fabulous prizes hidden behind Door Number One had been reached and surpassed--Dr. Mickelsen came into the room. He was still in his scrubs, his mask hanging down around his chin. There was a drop of blood on one pant-leg. Steve’s eyes went immediately there, and didn’t move. Blood. His mother’s blood.
“No. No, I’m good. Let’s go.”
“You have, Tony,” Steve said softly. “Just looking at her, looking at this place-” he gestured around the kitchen, but meaning the environment as a whole. “She’s happy. She’s sweet, and gentle, and-” he reached out and touched one of Tony’s hands where it rested on the counter, “-she’s a lot like you. Like when we were kids.
“Me too.”  Nat put her arm around Tony and her laid her head on his shoulder.
Tony lowered his head, clutching at his own fleeting sanity even as he felt it slipping through his fingers.  Had he thought Steve was stubborn?  This was so much more than that.  This was willful denial.
an apology anyway? Tony thought it was probably just as rude to expect an apology as it was to do something that maybe required an apology, so they were even. Even Steven.
(See the end of the chapter for
Clint looked back steadily.  Understanding bloomed in Steve's heart.  He closed his eyes with the force of that understanding, and he loved Clint for it.  Might have
“Not usually,” Steve said. “But to ask for help from you? After all the times I blew you off?” He traced his thumb over Tony’s knuckles, almost absently. “That would have been selfish. More than selfish.
“Shut up.”
Steve dropped his head suddenly, his chin on his chest, panting, while Wanda threw her head back.  The cords on her swan-like neck stood out.  Tony could see her pulse fluttering in her throat, her heart trip-hammering.  Tears leaked steadily from her eyes, tracing back toward her hairline.
Tony held him loosely, running his hands over Steve’s muscled shoulders and back. Skin that was smooth before was now so supple and sweet from the bath oil that there was no way Tony could have kept his hands to himself if he wanted to. He didn’t want to. But, even if he had, he wouldn’t have been able to. His fingers cried out for contact.
Howard sat back and looked at him over the top of his glasses.
“No,” Tony said.  “No.  I don’t want to be patient.  I’m tired of being patient.  I want to feel you.  I want you.  I want all of you.”
“I missed you, too.”
.”  because of the serum.  Super-hearing came with the package.
Natasha eased herself, crossing her legs, immediately and expertly arranging her face and body into a semblance of casual grace. Steve envied her that. It was something he could never accomplish. It took him a long time to come down from that place, that mind-set where the fight was paramount. It was why he spent so much time in the training room after missions, punching it out on sand-filled bags, pounding into them until he fell back, panting, exhausted, drenched in sweat. It was the only way he could relax. The only way he’d ever get to sleep.
“He’s not good enough for a
“Do you mind if we just stay here?”
Sarah was in the kitchen finishing dinner when he got to her place. He hugged her and gave her the flowers.
“Hey,” he said, much quieter now.  “I really am okay, okay?”
, he thought.
ask Clint.”
“Sir?”
Peter grinned like a 10-year-old.  In fact, he
Steve smiled.
Tony’s routine was familiar too.  All work, some play, never a dull boy.  Avengers stuff came first, just as it always had, but after people saw the Charger he’d given Jeff and the Hemi Cuda he himself drove around now, he’d found himself with a healthy little side-business of fixing and upgrading cars.  He didn’t charge much--just the cost of parts--and would have happily done it for free, but these were country people.  They wanted to pay their own way.  Tony respected that and charged them a little.  He donated whatever they paid to the town’s organizations, so it was all okay in his mind.  After work, he’d join Steve for dinner and a movie or a couple hours of TV before they’d each retire to their own living quarters--Tony in their old bedroom, Steve in the loft--where they would spend the night thinking about each other.
“Nah.”
“Where’s Stark?” Sam asked.
Steve chuckled and the sound sent shivers down Tony’s spine.  It always did, that soft, throaty laugh that he only used here, when they were lying in bed together, and it was like Pavlov’s dogs: Tony started to get hard.
A wild night...
. Remember?” Tony said. “You’re mine, and I’m yours. That’s why neither of us have ever really been...whole. Ever. Because we weren’t together. And we needed to be together. We need each other. Don’t we?”
“Are you okay?”
“I know that, too.”
“That’s okay,” the kid said. “But you should start thinking right now of how you’re going to make it up to me.” He raised an eyebrow and made a show of cocking his head at just the right angle to look at Steve’s left hand. “Or is he married and just doesn’t like to wear a ring?”
“I’m comfortable.”
“Whose turn is it to pick?”
Tony laughed in the back of his throat. He kept petting Steve’s hip, and bent his neck enough to kiss the smooth skin of his forearm. “You wouldn’t do that,” he chided.
“Good,” Ross said, and smiled.  It was warm, genuine, and for a moment, Tony thought Steve had been right, after all.  Ross
“What?” Tony said.
Steve held his wrists out, and the sheriff shook his head.  “Behind your back, son.”
Steve’s fingers stopped moving. “Doing what?”
“Tony,” Howard said. Up until now, his voice had held nothing but quiet assurance, but now it was beginning to sound impatient.
Steve groaned.  “We are not getting a pangolin as a pet, Tony.”
“Oh, god, Rhodey, no,” Tony said sincerely.  “He’d kill himself before he ever hurt me again.  It was nothing like that.”
Steve nodded. His eyes were serious, his mouth a firm line. He would. He would do anything. Anything. The thought frightened him a little, but it was true. “Yeah,” he said. “I would.”
“‘M right here, baby.”
(See the end of the chapter for
-wife, Steve. We’re divorced, remember?”
“Hmm?”
Steve shook his head.  “Nothing, I guess,” he said.  “I just didn’t think we’d ever get here.  It just almost doesn’t seem real.  Like I’m still back at the...Like I’m just dreaming.”
Tony had been appalled that he didn’t have a cell phone.
“Forest fires are depressing too. If you think about it and don’t just use it as a metaphor for sex.”
“That’s not good for you, either.”
“Adorable,” Tony said.
Steve smiled his half-smile, and Tony was almost crazy with
would handle this meeting. And he just. Couldn’t. Do. It. Anymore.
“Maybe tomorrow I can show you the new ones?”
The fire was dying out again, the two chunks of wood Tony had thrown onto it reduced to gray ash, but there was still enough light to see Steve.  He was curled up on the couch, his broad back to Tony, head pillowed on his own arm.  The chair lay on its side, one wheel spinning listlessly, as it Steve had shoved it after he’d gotten out.
“No.  I don’t mean that.  I mean why are you
Steve recognized the voice, and when he turned and saw that familiar face, he couldn’t help but smile. “Natasha,” he said.
“I’ll make an exception.”
Tony sputtered a little, stunned, then pounced on him and rolled him back over so he could climb on top of him.  "Oh, no you don't,
Steve didn't say anything, but in his heart, he was glad.
Even to his own ears, it sounded like too much.  It sounded like more emotion than a first kiss should illicit, and he loosened his grip on Tony’s waist and stepped back.  “I’m sorry,” he said.
Six flights.
“Mm.”  He shook his head.  “No.  Nope.  This is...no.”
Steve raised one finger and began pushing buttons.  “You?  Speechless?  I’m just calling a press conference.  Don’t mind me.”
“Everybody.” He gestured vaguely with one hand, his mouth turning down in a scowl. “We’ve kind of become one of
“Tease!” Tony called up the stairs, then went into the bedroom.  He didn’t slam the door behind him, but it was a very near thing.
“I want you. I want this. You know that, right?”
The man on the carpet mumbled something.
Steve lifted his hips and Tony yanked his jeans off, pulling his underwear with them, then pulled his own sweats off and threw them away.  They landed on top of Steve’s jeans with a soft thump.  Coins clinked in the pocket.  The sound made Tony smile.
“No,” Tony assured him.  “You’re the world’s best guy for just doing it a long time ago.”
“Yeah?”
he was a puppet-guy, anyway. “They freak me out too.”
“He is an
.” He took another long sip, then sat the cup on the bedside table. “And
12 months.
The days were still long. Autumn was still a long way off, calendar-wise, but that never did stop it from getting a little chilly when the sun went down. Even in the midst of Dog Days.
“They say love fades,” Steve murmured.
Steve took her in his arms, letting her adjust them, letting her take the lead, and when she laid her head on his chest, he held her and swayed to some quiet song he had never heard before. And it was just right for both of them, there in the shadows, bodies pressed together, minds somewhere else. Because sometimes the right partner isn’t the one you love, it’s the one you understand.
He ran a hand over his face one last time, then left the bathroom. He could hear Tony now. Could hear him talking to Dodger in a low voice, heard Dodger’s answering bark. He thought about how amazing that was. That Tony had accepted Dodger--that
Steve let out a slow, measured breath. Tony thought he nodded just the tiniest bit. He wasn’t one hundred percent sure. But it felt like it. “Do you want pancakes?” Steve asked, a bit uncertainly.
“Who’s winning?”
There was really no question. None at all.
Steve met them on the street. Howard stood near the car, watching, while the two boys stood facing each other, their hands shoved in their pockets, looking at the ground. The boy, the little blond boy, dug his toe into the ground. It looked like he was drawing something with his shoe, and Howard shook his head again, wondering just what in the
It didn’t hurt at first.  At first, he had only felt an impact, and he thought maybe Ross had socked him in the gut.  “What the-” he began, then the burning, searing pain, engulfed his midsection, and he felt his knees buckle.  Tony sagged, and Ross caught him, caught him and eased him down onto the ground.
. “I’m sure.”
Of course, he didn’t.
Steve’s fingers curled possessively over the compass, but he forced them open and placed it in Thor’s large hand.
Steve put his hands on Tony’s hips and maneuvered him back slightly. “This isn’t exactly glacial,” he said, and Tony scoffed.
“I should go get ready.”
They left for the hospital at five o’clock the next day. Since Sarah worked at the hospital, the admission process was quicker than it ordinarily would have been, and she was in her room by six. Steve sat in the hallway while she dressed in her softest pajamas, then came back into her room and settled himself in the chair by her bed.
“Baby?” Tony murmured.
Steve curled up closer to Tony, tucking his head beneath Tony’s chin. He put his arms around him and held on. Tony rubbed his back, ran his hands through his hair, just touching him, just letting his hands get their fill. They were doing their job--cataloguing the differences. Tony knew they were up to the task, and he let them do it. “Are you going to sleep?” Tony asked.
They’d gone to the pet shop in town after Tony said he wanted a pet, but even though there were a dozen cute little kitten puffballs to choose from, Tony had no interest in them.  He looked them over with a baleful eye, then wandered away to look at the turtles.
Tony could smell the scent of his lingering aftershave, feel the heat from his shoulder pressing into his. He could also sense how sorry Steve really was. Tony knew he was. It was written in every syllable he said, every breath he took.
Tony laughed and put his hand on Steve’s shoulder, rubbing it.  “We’re thirty miles from the nearest take-out and I had to rewire the entire place myself just so we could get Netflix.  Trust me, baby, that’s rough.”
“You go.  I’m going to stay out here.”
“What’s wrong?” he asked. “Tony, what’s the matter?”
The question was perfunctory. A semblance of fatherly concern. Tony felt his guts twisting inside the confines of his skin, like roiling snakes in a pit. He couldn’t speak. He just stood staring at his father, hating him, loving him, wishing to Christ it had been Howard who had died, and it was his mother he was looking at right now.
Tony shuddered, feeling suddenly ill.
“I literally just said what I was talking about, Tony.”
The corner of Steve’s mouth lifted, and he raised an eyebrow.  “Is that a technical term?”
She tightened her grip and Tony was thrilled for one second that she was on his side and would never really try to hurt him.  She could have snapped him in two.
like trouble, didn’t mean he was going to
“Fine,” Tony sulked, pressed a couple moody kisses to Steve’s collarbone, then fell silent again.
But they had gone to an afternoon movie, and when it was over, they’d wandered around town for a little while, window-shopping and looking at the changing leaves on the trees. Steve pointed out the place where they had chased the little dog, Loki, around one night a couple months ago, and Tony had gotten a funny feeling in the pit of his stomach. He had grabbed Steve right there in the street, and kissed him breathless.
Steve swam another lap, then stopped. He was directly across from Tony, but too far away to touch. “It wasn’t your fault.”
Tony turned his back and started for the garage.  He ignored the metallic clang of the chair as Steve wrangled his way into it, then the click and clatter of gravel as Steve wheeled toward the front door.  He anticipated the slam, but still winced at the flat clap of wood on wood.  He wasn’t the only one.  A flock of birds took off from the tree, stopping mid-gossip to take startled wing, darkening the blue sky.  Somewhere nearby, a dog began to bark, shouting that he, too, had been startled by the slamming door.  To Tony, it sounded like the canine version of an old man yelling, “Get off my lawn!” to a bunch of bratty kids.  Tony could empathize.  Lately, he felt like a crotchety old man himself.
Thad slid closer, put his arms around Steve’s waist from behind. Steve tensed, his muscles contracting at Thad’s touch. When did that start happening? Had it always happened? He bent and kissed Steve’s shoulder. “I feel like I’m losing you,” he said, kissing him again. “You don’t even tell me you love me anymore.”
Strange sighed.  Tony could hear the annoyance loud and clear as a bell.  “He’s getting better.  Getting stronger.”
Steve reached out.  He grasped the sleeve of Tony’s leather jacket and tugged it a little.  “No.”
Steve laughed languidly. “You do know I can’t see you, right?”
Tony laughed darkly. “I’m sure,” he said, and slid his hands across Steve’s stomach to edge under his shirt, finally--
“I guess.”
“Hey,” he said, and squatted down at the edge of the water.
Strange looked at Wanda.  “Miss Maximoff?”
Mr. Barker nodded. He looked back toward the front of the store. He still looked nervous. “That’s what he said, Rogers.” He frowned down at Steve. “He’s not
Steve gestured to the rack full of cereal boxes. “But...I’ve gotta-”
. He really was.
on it. He just decided to let it go. Focus on other things. Leave the dreams of love and home and family to those who could handle it. To those who actually had a shot at getting it someday.
“Hi.”
Tony laughed again and pulled out of her arms. It was jagged and brittle. It sounded frightening coming out of his young, pretty mouth. “Sorry, Mrs. Rogers. But we’re out of time.”
“No.”
Fury put a hand on Steve’s shoulder.  “You know I’ll back him, Thaddeus,” he said, and inwardly, Steve sagged with relief.  His posture, however, remained upright, square, strong.
Steve took his hand, shy and uncertain.  “Don’t go, huh?” he said.  “Stay for just a minute?”
He lifted his chin toward the terrorist in front of the bandstand. He had a drink in his hand and as Steve watched, it slipped from his fingers and shattered on the floor. The man followed, crumpling at the knee and falling face-first onto the ground. The people around him “oohed” and formed a little interested group. One of Tony’s security guards broke through and lifted the man up. I was impossible to hear what he was saying, but by the looks on the crowd’s faces, it was probably something about indulging in too much champagne.
“No, we decided that I was a little bit funny.”
“I said he does.  Miss you.  I think it’s fairly obvious.”
people to throw money at them.  It is literally their one goal.”
He could have, too.  That was the thing.
“Hi, Mom.”
“Okay.”
Steve grinned, ducked his head, and grinned some more.  He laughed, just a little, no more than a chuckle, but it was all Tony needed.  Well, that, and one other thing.
They were sitting outside, the sun shining down on their backs while they studied in the school quad. The cold had finally broken, and now, in mid-April, the trees were starting to turn green and spring flowers were blooming. Steve drew in a deep breath. He felt good, in spite of the news Sam had just told him. He’d been starting to go a little stir-crazy, staying inside all winter long--not to mention his worries over money, and what he was going to do about Howard Stark--and sitting outside in the fresh air with his best friend, smelling the salt from the ocean and the apple blossoms from the trees filled him with renewed hope. Howard couldn’t stay mad at him forever. And even if he did, Tony would be graduating in a month and moving to Massachusetts to go to school, and then it wouldn’t matter anyway. Steve still wanted to make it right with him, to find a way to make it so they could at least be in the same room together, but that could come later if it had to, he supposed. He’d give in eventually. Tony was sure of it. Steve just tried to trust him and be sure of it too.
“Tony, this isn’t the first time you’ve asked me that. I think--”
“Of course, Mr. Stark.”
Again.
They went out for dinner afterward at a hole-in-the-wall Thai place where they called Tony by name and brought out mounds of food he didn’t have to order.  When they got ready to leave, Tony kissed the old woman who served them on the cheek.  She flapped her hand at him and said something in a language Steve couldn’t begin to understand.  Tony looked at Steve, a little smile playing around his lips, then answered back in the same language.  The old woman, not a day under seventy-five, Steve judged, giggled like a schoolgirl.
He let out a breath that was almost a laugh.  “We’re getting double-teamed?”
It sucked.
“No fucking way, Stark.”
“What?”
“Okay,” he sighed.  “But how do I talk to him?  What do I say?”
“Go home, honey,” she said, squeezing his hand. “I want you to get some real sleep tonight.”
“So,” he said now, “are we doing this?  Come on, let’s do this.”
Tony’s hand tightened on his arm. “Yeah, you are,” he insisted. “Sam-Sam
He stepped out of the stairwell and onto the common floor.  It was quiet, deserted.  A couple blankets lay draped on the sofas and an abandoned can of Coke sat on the coffee table.  Steve smiled a little as he folded the blankets.  Bruce had almost certainly been under one of them, and Rocket had probably been using the other one.  He’d taken to building little nests for himself in the corner chair.  This bit of camaraderie, even felt second-hand, was pleasant and familiar.  They’d need it tomorrow.  They’d need to be together, need to be a team again.  He and Tony were going to be a big part of that.
His phone. Buzzing in his pocket. And now he was more than a little worried. He was suddenly terrified.
“Oh my god, Tony,
“Okay.”
did that. It was just something they did in the movies.”
Tony leaned his cheek against the top  of Steve’s head and moved his hand up to brush through his hair.  “I’m getting there,” he said.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut against the hot tears that threatened, then opened them again, and smiled.  “Did you get any better at asking?”
Blindly, Steve dropped more change into the slot and dialed. The phone rang almost eight hundred miles away, and was picked up on the second ring. “Hello?” Groggy. Tired. Ninety-percent asleep.
And he had been right. Steve
under his breath when he saw a dog’s face two inches from his own. He might be having a dream. Tony thought that was entirely possible. He closed his eyes again. Or maybe that was part of the dream. Maybe he dream-opened them in the first place, and they had been closed all along. The fact that there was a
Steve rolled his eyes and huffed out an irritated breath.  “Do you really think this is the most productive way to--”
didn't have the strength to hold onto it.
“Honey,” she sobbed, and collapsed into his arms, clutching him around the neck, crying into his shoulder.
It made Tony want him all the more.
“Well, what is it, then? You and Tony,” she shook her head, “it’s kind of perfect. You guys could be so happy together.”
Tony stood where he was.  The bottle dangled from his hand.  His robe flapped open in the breeze, and if the cool air around his privates meant anything, he wasn’t wearing any pants.  “Hey,” he said.  “Hey, you mad?”  He stumbled a step toward Rhodey.  His foot came down on the tie to his robe, and he tripped and fell.
The door opened, but instead of bureaucratic, government-issue dress shoes, plain old Nikes came into view.
“I said
“You’re no fun.”
Steve rolled his eyes, smiling a little again.  "You should grab mine. You're the one apologizing."
“It smells like horses in here.”
. She’d been reading it herself this morning, and Steve picked it up after she’d fallen asleep and kind of fell down the rabbit hole. It was a little weird--very fucking weird--but he was enjoying it, turning pages with a rapidity that didn’t happen much with the books he usually read, when a voice above him said, “Hello, Steven.”
“What
, even though I’d been the one acting like an asshole.”
“I’m making lasagna,” he coaxed in a sing-song voice.
“If I was going to blow you, I would have asked for longer than a minute,” Steve said.  “You know I like to take my time.”
“Tony,” he pleaded as nails scraped deliciously over his nipples again, making him jump and twitch helplessly.
Tony held onto him, breathing in his scent, basking in his nearness.  Ross had wanted to take this away from him.  From
“Yeah, because
Steve’s face went carefully blank.  “Oh.  Jeff.”  He nodded.  “That’s great, Tony.  I’m happy for you.”
“Are you sure?”
Tony’s arm slipped around his neck, hugged him for one brief, warm moment, then moved down his chest. “I want to start slow,” he whispered, and his tongue licked a stripe along the side of Steve’s neck even as his fingers found his nipple and pinched. Steve jolted again, hands fisting even tighter on the blankets. “I want you to be comfortable, baby. I don’t ever want to do something you’re not completely on-board with.”
"Glad to be of service," Tony said.
Steve laughed a little. “They’re twins, right? ‘Course he’s nice. Unless he’s the evil twin.”
“Better go,” Steve said mildly.
--was taking his jacket off, the thin black sweater he was wearing pulling taut against his chest, and Tony’s intuition had been right. His body had gotten harder. It had always been beautiful, but now it was insane. And Tony wanted to go to him, tear his shirt off, and stare at him. Not even touch him. At least not yet. Just look at him. Look at the way his skin covered his muscles. Look at the ripples of those muscles. Look, and catalogue, and file away the changes. Compare and contrast the reality to his memory. And then, when that was done, he’d touch him. Just lightly. Just delicate little brushes of his hand. Just testing the texture. He was a facts and figures kind of guy. He needed data. He required it. He
He couldn’t bring himself to. He couldn’t tell Tony how much he loved him. How his every heartbeat, his every breath was for him. How he had loved him since he was eleven years old, and would love him until he was
Tony ground his hips against Steve’s gasping at the sudden, electric burst of heat.
Tony spun the car around until it faced the front door.  The headlights threw their twin beams on the front of the cabin.  The tailights tossed tawdry red into the trees, turning rain drops into trumpery jewels.  He left it running, the engine rumbling as he opened the door and jumped out.
“Yeah,” he snapped.  “Tomorrow.  He was here that night.  And he didn’t say one.  Fucking.  Word.”
He told him what happened.
“I assume you’ve taken out my security team?” Ross asked.
Tony wished Howard could have lived to see how happy
“That’s right,” Sam said, then he nodded at Tony.  “And he missed you.”
He looked at his watch again.
She shook her head.  “You might feel things again.  The way you felt them before,” Wanda said.  “I don’t know if it will hurt.  I’ll try to absorb it.”
Tony carried her away, and Dodger got to his feet and followed, leaving Steve alone in the living room. He folded the blanket Tony had tossed over Morgan halfway through the movie and laid it across the back of the couch, then reached out to toy with the bottles of nail polish, his fingers sorting them automatically by color. While he did, he thought about the evening they’d had, the three of them together. How it had felt from the first moment when Morgan had hugged him at the door. How that feeling had just gotten bigger and bigger, filling in the empty places inside him, lighting him up, almost taking him over. He hadn’t had a name for it at first, but now, sitting here in this quiet room, he thought he knew what it was.
, he told himself.
Steve washed his hands at a rest stop on his way back to the hospital.  He was careful about getting the blood under his nails and in between his fingers.  Careful about scrubbing it away from the creases in his palms.
“Yeah, it is,” he agreed.  “It’s pretty at night, too.  When the moon shines on it.”
“Yeah.  Thanks.”
“Did you mean a dog?”
“Quiet, you, I’m telling a story,” Tony said, and the corner of Steve’s mouth lifted a fraction of an inch.  “So, after this fight, you came down to the lab.  I didn’t want to let you in, but FRIDAY kept talking you up, which was fucking annoying.”
tell me.  You showed me, now you tell me.  Just like in kindergarten.”
“Yeah,” Steve said slowly, never losing his focused gaze.  “But, Tony--”
was safe. Knew he was okay.
He stopped. His bag slid off his shoulder and he let it thump back to the ground as he went over to the wall. “Mom,” he called. “Who’s this?”
“Maybe I was leaving on
say yes, but he wanted something in return this time.  “You’re never going to smoke again, right?”
,” he said. “I can’t even pass history, let alone have a clue what you guys are talking about.”
He sighed and put his forehead against Tony's stomach.  "Okay. Yes, I did. But I shouldn't have said it. I wasn't trying to hurt you, Tony.  I
the last thing you wanted.”
for the umpteenth time, drinking eggnog and noshing on peking duck from the Chinese place down the street.  There had been a time when Christmas meant all of them drinking beer and watching
“I’m cool.  Just a minor infarction.  Nothing to worry about.”
Tony ran lightly to the side of the building, jumped up and grabbed the ladder. Steve leaned over to watch him pull himself up and start climbing.
He was sitting in the bathtub, knees hugged to his chest, his chin resting on them. His face was turned toward the door, but his eyes were downcast. Looking at the floor. Seeing him like that hurt Tony’s heart in a way nothing ever had. Nothing, that was, except for the other times he had seen Steve looking small and wounded.
“No,” Bruce protested.  “If we’re going to do this, it has to be through proper channels.”
“Good-night.”
“I’m nervous.”
He didn’t think that was why he’d started having nightmares again though. There was no rhyme or reason to those. They just showed up, stayed for a few days, then went on their way like an unwelcome house-guest. But unfortunately, this time, it seemed like they’d decided to move in and bar the door behind them.
“I don’t know how long it will take,” Steve went on, deciding to just get it all out. “It’s been a couple hours. The driver said it’ll be at least a couple more.”
“Do, um. Do you want me to go?” he asked, uncertainly.
They held each other for a long time, crying, laughing, just being together one last time, and later, when Tony left, Steve lay in Bucky’s bed with his arm over his eyes, telling himself that it was okay. Telling himself that it was for the best. That all he’d ever wanted was for Tony to be happy. And he would be. Now.
His own room was at the end of the hall, large, spacious, luxurious, but Tony stopped at a different door and pushed it open.
Tony closed his eyes briefly and breathed in, held it, then let it out. It wasn’t more than three seconds, but it seemed longer to Steve. Watching Tony try to
“Would you eat it if I told you to?” Bruce asked. “I’m a doctor.”
now, if he’d been serious--had bought him that, at least.  There was a chair.  A desk.  The bed.  No pictures on the walls, but a few loose sheets of paper on the desk.  Tony picked them up and rifled through them.  Landscapes in crayon and watercolors.  No pencil for him here.  Too dangerous.  The thought of that was monumentally sad.
Tony slipped his arms around his waist. “Not
“I’ll stay behind a two-way mirror.  He won’t even have to know I’m there.”
“I’m here.”
The song ended, and Tony must have made some small sound in the quiet that rushed in, because Steve glanced up from his work. They locked eyes across the room. Cool blue and warm brown. So different, but god, they were so similar too.
He let them have their moment, sipping his tea--lemon and honey, Tony liked honey--then said, “Don’t kill me, Nat, but Bruce does have a point.”
Tony nodded, and Steve loved how relieved he looked. “Good. Thank you, baby.”
Steve smiled.  “Good,” he said, then went back to dinner.  He put the garlic bread in the oven, and took the salad out of the fridge.
“I’m not going to get into a pissing contest with you, Tony,” he said coolly.
“Is Steve still asleep?”
Steve shook his head, those frown-lines cutting deeper. “It doesn’t matter how I feel, Tony.”
heard you sneeze."
“Hmm,” Tony murmured, and reached out to touch Steve’s shirt. “
“Are you alright?” Thor asked, scrutinizing his face.
Bucky laughed for real this time.  Tony couldn’t help grinning back.  Above them, a few birds began to chirp.  “
all this is.”
so much. A staggering amount. A shattering amount. Not only from the sensation of Steve moving inside him, but everything else as well. Everything he had been missing for the last fifteen years. Everything that Steve so encompassed--passion, desire, heartbreaking, devastating life-affirming love. Fifteen years. He had been without this for fifteen years. And it had been fine. But now he knew he could never live without it again. Never again. He would cling to this man with every ounce of strength he had left in him until the moment he died, and if Steve died first, he’d go with him, because he could never be without him again. Ever. He knew it. The knowledge lived inside his bones. Inside his blood. Inside his soul and his spirit.
“Okay.  I’m sorry.”
Steve caught his fist.  “I’m not going to fight with you.”
She looked too thin.
Steve pulled the thumb from his mouth as if just realizing it was there and gripped the arm of the chair.  When he looked at Tony it was with barely-concealed fear.  “I
Tony let out a breath.  That had been a low blow.  “You’re right,” he said.  “I’m sorry.  I know that’s not what you meant.”
Tony shrugged out of his coat and chucked it into the corner.  He stood on one foot, yanked his shoe off and threw it, then did the same with the other one.
He got to the hospital at seven.
“Oh fuck, Steve.”
“Don’t leave.”
three years. “I don’t know. Maybe.”
“Okay, Tony.”  Simple.  Trusting.  Unafraid.
, only the five of them remained.  There’d been no communication from Clint, that he knew of, at least.  But Nat played them close to the vest when it came to Clint, and he didn’t press her about it.  If she was in contact with Barton, she would tell him eventually.  She would have to.
He looked at Steve. Steve looked back, and Tony could read the apprehension in not only his eyes, but the tension in his shoulders. The line of his back. “Hey,” he said. “Come here.” Steve hesitated, and Tony held his hand out to him. “Please? Please come here?”
Steve pulled him closer, deepening their kisses with a yearning, needy desire. He didn’t want to take advantage of Tony. He didn’t want to hurt him in any way, he loved him far too much for that. All he wanted was to show him how much he meant to him. To give him a physical declaration of just how deep his feelings went. And Tony seemed to want that too. He pulled on Steve’s t-shirt, tugging it fretfully upward, trying to get it out of the way of his questing hands.
He’d never carried a child before. Never been this close to one in all of his time on this earth, but it was easy. Much easier than he’d anticipated. Morgan fit against him, her arms going automatically around his neck, her heart fluttering light, almost bird-like, against his chest. Her head on his shoulder was a delicate weight. Tony tried to take the shark from her, but she scrunched up her nose, a soft “No,” issuing from her lips.
“Close enough,” he said. “Mine’s really Anthony. Three syllables.” They were still standing in the doorway of Steve’s apartment. He hadn’t invited Tony in. His work-station was pretty standard looking. They made sure of it when setting it up, just in case something like this occurred, and it was in the second bedroom with the door closed, away from prying eyes, but Steve still wasn’t sure it was prudent to let Tony into his space. For various reasons. Even though Tony kept glancing inside.
Tony bit the insides of his cheeks to keep from laughing. He didn’t want to laugh. He didn’t want to upset Steve, but it was almost too adorable to bear. “Yes, Steve,” he said in his most contrite tone, eyes dancing with humor.
He’d “borrowed” a car from the Compound, taking the keys and driving away.  He slid into it now and seated the key in the ignition.
He leaned into Steve’s side and kissed his neck. He’d been right. It was impossibly smooth and soft under his lips, and that just made him want to lick it as well, which he did with a relish he was still trying to comprehend. Steve seemed to like it as much as he did. He whimpered a little as Tony’s tongue swept up and down the cords of his neck, then sucked in a breath as he scraped his teeth along his throat. They had progressed past the “no-teeth” rule from before. Tony had discovered Steve very much enjoyed a little bite every now and then. As long as he got kissed and smothered with softness after, which Tony was always more than happy to do.
“Are you sure?” Tony asked uncertainly. “I know I’m...a lot sometimes. I
“Do you want to go for a ride?”
He stared out the window at the scenery rushing by. Or as much of it as he could see anyway. It was mostly just shadows looming out of the dark then disappearing again as the bus roared by, or a random building or clump of trees illuminated by an on-coming car’s headlights. However, if he craned his neck just right, he could see a tell-tale glow on the far horizon. He knew what that was. It was the sight he’d been dreaming about for the last three weeks. The sight he’d been wishing for ever since he and the rest of the folks with him--tired, hot, frustrated, and low-grade pissed off, the whole lot of them--climbed aboard the bus. That glow that was a billion bright lights illuminating the sky. That glow that was New York.
scary. It was heavenly. “But I’ll tell you what. Why don’t I go tuck you back in bed, and when you wake up again, me and Dodger will make you pancakes for breakfast? How does that sound?”
Tony leaned into him again. “Please. You don’t even know how to be mean,” he chided softly, and Steve smiled. Tony’s heart picked itself up, dusted itself off, and climbed back up into place.
“I love you.”
at pool.”
, “It wasn’t all bad, though, was it?”
Steve, Steve, Steve.
“He wants you.  Both of you.”
Steve gave Tony a happy little shrug, then grabbed his hand. “You heard her,” he said. “Come
“Gina.”
They left his apartment hand in hand. Dodger ran ahead, taking the stairs two at a time. Steve pressed Tony against the wall just outside his own door and kissed his mouth, slowly, lingeringly, but keeping an ear open for the door at the top. “I didn’t tell you happy birthday,” he whispered in his ear, and Tony let out a soft breath that was closer to a whimper than anything else.
Another tiny smile.  “Maybe.”
Gina came out of the bathroom, already zipping her coat up.  “Are you sure?”
This was going to be much, much darker. There was going to be pain, and death, and way more sad, but i really must be going through something, because I can't seem to make it that dark. There's still going to be some drama, but it's not going to be anywhere near what I had originally planned. I'm thinking three more chapters. Pretty sure it will be three. Maybe two, but probably three.
“I can’t help it,” Steve said quietly, then laughed without much humor. “I know how pathetic it is. Trust me, Tony. Nobody knows better than me that I should let go. Do you think I haven’t tried? I-”
Tony rubbed Steve's back with slow, even movements.  "Hey," he said softly. "Um, I told Jen. It just slipped out.  I'm sorry."
Tony smacked his arm. “You didn’t even tell me you had a test! What the hell?”
“And where do you think you’re going, looking so fine?” he asked, gratified that his voice didn’t come out in a drunken slur. “‘Cause maybe you shouldn’t go. Even if you don’t get arrested, you might stop traffic, and that wouldn’t be a good thing either. We can’t have a twenty car pile-up right outside the Tower, baby.”
, but would she be proud of what he’d
“Deactivation code: 4785F34U99.”
“You know that’s not true.”
The effect was instantaneous.  One second, Tony’s face was open, unguarded, his eyes filled with an easy desire, then in the blink of an eye, that guise of haughty coolness was back.  That all-too-familiar mask of genius-billionaire-playboy-philanthropist was clouding his features.  He ran his hands through his hair and straightened his t-shirt.
“Thank you,” Steve whispered, and leaned close to place a soft kiss on Tony’s lips. “I love them.”
“I know.”
? Please let me buy you a private island."
“I’ll take them.”
The puzzlement furrowing his brow was too much.  Tony chuckled and shook his head.  “But nothing,” he said, and kissed Steve again.
She patted his leg.  “Thanks, Yente.”
“Don’t be sorry,” she said.  “It’s going to be fine.”
Tony stood up and settled himself at Steve’s side on the sofa. He picked the bottle up, recapped it, and sat it on the floor, far out of Steve’s reach. Steve didn’t even seem to notice. He was looking at his hands. Looking at them as if they were traitors to a cause. He clenched them into tight fists then let them hang loose between his knees again. It was only when Tony slipped his own hand into his left one that Steve looked at him. And even then, it was troubled. Hurt. Painful.
, baby.  They
He wanted to reach out to him, wanted to touch him and reassure him, but that wasn’t his place anymore. Steve didn’t owe him anything. He belonged to someone else now.
“Mm-hmm,” she said, then frowned. “
Not happening now.
Tony turned to her, eyes flashing. “Nat!” he flared. “You saw what-”
Tony surged forward and kissed him.  The table was in the way, and then it wasn’t.  Steve broke away long enough to send the table flying with a shove--
Steve nodded. “Sam helped me,” he said. “With the paperwork and stuff. I’d been there too long. I know that now. I-” he tensed, and leaned abruptly forward, reaching for the bottle on the table. He didn’t pour any, just caressed the curve of the bottle with one finger. Lovingly. Like a man touching his sleeping lover’s shoulder in the dark of night. “I should have left earlier.”
the smart-ass.”
Tony took full advantage, kissing, licking, sucking tiny bruises onto his skin, tasting the tantalizing flavor of his sweat.  "It's sexy on you too," he murmured. He let his hands roam over the chiseled planes of Steve's chest, his stomach. "My silver fox."
“What?”
“There,” Tony said as he finished taping the gauze in place.  “Good as new.”
“No, hey, stop. Honey, please stop. You didn’t do anything. You’ve
Steve kissed Tony to soothe his feelings.  It worked.  “You’re right, Tony.  I’m sorry,” he said, and looked at him through lowered lashes.
Steve waved a hand toward the kitchen. “I need to get back.”
He hadn’t slept in the same bed with someone--anyone--since Pepper, and he missed it.  He’d never been one to sleep alone.  It was always better when there was someone else there, someone else to curl up with, to touch, to listen to, even if it was just their breath or their heartbeat.
“Uh…”
“Sergeant-”
Steve blushed, ducking his head, loving the way Tony said
comforting.
Tony sighed and ran a hand through his hair.
“No.”
“Are you sorry you brought me back here?”
“No, Tony.  Do it.  Now.”
was he doing laughing with Howard Stark in the first place? And, he wondered, did it even matter anymore?
“Tony!” he half-shouted.  “Get this goddamn thing off me.”
hoped it would be a friendly one.
He grabbed his coat, then went down the hall to Morgan’s room. There was a tiny night light in the corner, casting a pinkish glow over the room. Morgan was sprawled in the middle of the bed, blankets thrown off. Dodger was curled up at the foot. He looked up at Steve guiltily, and thumped his tail. Steve shook his head and patted him, then maneuvered Morgan back onto her pillows and tucked the blanket around her.
“Okay, peanut,” he whispered, then raised his eyebrows at Steve in a silent question.
Tony had no idea what he thought about during all those hours spent on the dock.  He didn’t ask and Steve didn’t tell.  A chilly wall had come between them after that first night, and now, a week later, it was still there.
“One or two?” Steve asked, scratching Tony’s back lightly with his nails, making him shiver.
“I’m doing this for you, you know,” Steve snapped.
Steve backed toward the walk-way.  “I’m serious,” he said.  “Never talk about her again, Ross.  I’ll kill you.”
Steve eyed him hotly, making him squirm in his seat.  “It’s been a long time, Tony.  Since we were together.  For real.”
, they were making it difficult.
“No, baby, really. It’s-”
furniture?” he asked.
Tony sang along to the raspy voice coming through the speakers.  AC/DC.  One of his favorites.  He was concentrating only on the work in front of him.  Upgrades for Rhodey’s suit, and wasn’t
“Really?”
“Nothing out of the ordinary,” he told Sam.  “Just our usual stuff.  Nothing serious.  Why?  What did he say?”
--at the sound of Steve calling them for breakfast. That, almost more than anything. Just the sound of his voice, that meant he’d be down there. Steve. Steve Rogers. Standing in Tony’s kitchen like he belonged there, and Tony closed his eyes thinking about that, because good fucking
Steve stood up.  “And I’ll tell you just like I told him--I worked with those girls for a long time.  Debbie was perfect.”
“How ‘bout you just come inside with me instead, okay?”
“...by the time the herders got back, the Hulk was gone, and there I was, naked, in the middle of a bunch of sheep,” he said.
Indignation rose up in Tony’s chest--
Tony turned to look at him. Steve’s voice had been light, easy, sounding just like always. He looked just like always now too. Maybe a little flushed, and the tail of his t-shirt was pulled out, covering the bulge in his jeans, but he was smiling that little lopsided smile that meant everything was fine. Everything was fine, and nothing was wrong, and there were rainbows outside and maybe unicorns were real after all.
“Tony.”
“Oh, you sweet summer child,” Tony whispered in his ear. “She’s already figured that out. She’s got me so wrapped around her little finger, I’m lucky I can do
"Mm-hmm."
“No,” Tony countered, shaking his head. “There’s something else. I don’t know what it is, but there’s something.”
“Yeah. Yay us.”
After awhile, Steve spoke.  “Kinda weird they went with the traditional vows, huh?” he said.
The grief fell from his face and what replaced it was dreadfully close to the cold, flat look she saw in her nightmares.  More than once, Steve had comforted her when she woke from one of those, holding her and petting her hair until she could sleep again.  She dropped his hand and stood up.
what that guy says.”
“Sam told me too.”  He snorted.  “A few times.”
The thought gave him a little jolt because since the party on the fifteenth, he had been up to the pool exactly zero times. He knew Clint had used it. Nat too, probably, but he himself had not used it at all. In fact, he had kind of forgotten it was there. But now, sitting here in his hot office, wearing his hot--in more ways than one, thank you, Dolce & Gabbana--suit, the pool was pretty much
Sorry this is long, but so is the next one, so...
, was the first thought that came to his mind, but he didn’t want to say that. He didn’t want to talk about--or think about--Howard right now. Not during such a sweet moment. “I used to climb into bed with Rhodey sometimes,” he said instead. “If I had a shitty night, or one of the professors yelled at me for something. I’d stew about it for hours,
He nodded.  “Yes.  If the deli guy comes--”
“Wanda?” Steve asked.  “Are you real?”
When he came back to himself, he was babbling. He heard it. Heard his voice, the pleas coming from it, and even if he could have stopped, he wouldn’t have wanted to. His mouth was saying on its own everything he would have made it say anyway. “Please,” he said. “Baby. Steve. Please. Please, I need you. I need you, baby. Hurry. Please. I want you in me. I need it. Please. Please.”
Strange fixed him with his high-brow gaze.  “Are we finished with the pleasantries?”
“Do you mean that?” Tony whispered.
“Hey.”
He had a hard time falling asleep. He lay there, eyes open in the silent dark, thinking about the other night, how nice it had been having someone--having
Steve’s lips slanted in a tired smile.  “It wasn’t that bad.  I handled it.”
Tony stood up and crossed to where he stood.  Steve flinched back as he touched his cheek.  “I know that,” Tony said, running his fingers over his face, then back into his hair.  It was familiar, the feel of his skin, the smooth silkiness of his hair.  Tony squeezed his hand into a gentle fist, knotting it into those same old golden strands.
“Don’t you want to?”
“Yeah,” he said. “Yeah, honey, go ahead.”
been a comfort to me. Adelle and I used to light a candle for you every week. First when you were sick as a little boy, and then when you got older, and… Then when you were overseas. Every week.”
“Why would I break up with you? I love you.”
Steve coughed, his eyes going wide.  Tony didn’t notice.  He was pulling on his scuffed leather jacket, checking his pockets for sunglasses and credit cards.
“Yeah, Daddy.”
“Are you okay?” Tony asked in his ear.
a sadistic piece of shit, at least he used his powers for good. Not like Obadiah. There was nothing good there. Hence, Steve’s presence here in this building. Position three. Whose new mission may or may not include keeping an eye on Tony Stark for the foreseeable future.
He nodded abruptly.  “Okay.  Okay.  Just a ride.”
“Really? You looked kind of shocked.”
being comfortable with me. And I want-”
Tony’s head snapped toward him.  One tear fell and he scrubbed it away.  “What--” he began then stopped as Natasha appeared in the doorway.  She looked between the two of them, her face carefully neutral as she took in the scene.
“I’ll get it, Mom,” he called back, softly so he didn’t wake Sam. He touched Morgan’s hair. “Be right back, okay? Then we’ll color?”
Tony took a deep breath. “Next time you have a day like today, you’ll come to me first. Okay?” Steve looked down at the mattress, and Tony’s hand slipped into his hair. “If you want to be alone or whatever
to him. At least he got to have that. And part of him wondered if that was why he acted out as much as he did. To get his father to come closer to him, if only for a moment.
Steve shrugged self-consciously. He hadn’t really even thought about it until now. “Don’t know.”
you?”
“Well?  What do you say?”
“Bedtime, yeah?” he said, and as if on cue, she yawned hugely. Tony pulled her into him and ran his fingers through her hair until she was quiet.
Because Tony hadn’t.
Jeff shook his head and folded his arms.  “Nope.  And not a thing you can say will make me change my mind.”
“I love you, you know that?”
Pietro pulled back and looked at him, his eyes delving into Steve’s. Steve wasn’t sure what he was looking for, but he must have found it--or not--because he sighed again and pressed his lips firmly against Steve’s, holding him in place with one hand on his cheek. It was not the same kind of kiss they’d had in the past. This one was different. It was filled with sadness, and maybe a little relief. It tasted like good-bye.
“Tony.” Soft. Broken. Filled with hope.
,” he muttered, and pressed his mouth to Steve’s shoulder blade again. He kept it there while he breathed his way back down, letting his heartbeat return to something resembling normal.
Ross flipped a page in his folder.  “As you know, The Raft is designed to house the most dangerous criminals in the world.  While I have no doubt you’d fit right in with them, you will be kept in isolation for the duration of your imprisonment.  You will be kept in an area that is separate and secure.”  Ross looked up from his papers, his eyes alight.  “Only one other man has ever stayed in that cell, Rogers.  It’s practically factory-sealed.  Just for you.”
was doing when Steve wasn’t there.  Even in the midst of a coffee-and-science binge, part of him was waiting for Steve to come get him and pull him out of it.  Sure, he had a lot of work to do, and he was pissed when Steve
Tony grinned back--the same old Stark grin.  “About that pizza…” he said, listened, then gave Steve a thumbs-up.  “That sounds great, Frank.  We’ll be here.”  He ended the call, tossed his phone onto the couch, and shrugged.  “Pizza in an hour.”
“You’re always so fucking hard on yourself.”
“That’s because I don’t believe it is right.  But I think ‘less wrong’ is something I can live with now.  Things have changed.  He’s changed.  He’s better.  And she’s not going to be maneuvering anything.  This will be more like an exploratory surgery than a true operation.”
“He is to me. He’ll always be little to me.” She looked at Sam. “And Sam will always be a gangly kid with braces.”
“Somebody probably does.”
“Yeah, Tony,” Steve said.  “Bed sounds good.”
“Steve--” he began, then stopped as a flurry of knocks sounded against the door.
“No,” Tony soothed, running his hand through his hair. “Nononono.” He kissed Steve’s mouth. “He doesn’t hate you. He’d never hate you. That’s not what I meant.”
“I guess I can kind of see why you liked me before,” Steve said suddenly, and the change in subject made Tony feel a little dizzy.
“A week ago, you were telling me you love me, and we were making out like teenagers, and now you want me gone.  That’s fucking crazy, Steve.”
had accepted
anything for her. Like I couldn’t take care of her.”
“Do you hear from him?” Tony asked reluctantly.
They did. He’d driven here enough, both when they were together back when they were kids, and then alone in the years between then and now. He did it a lot. Every time he came to the city. He never stopped, but he drove by, gazing up at the fourth-floor window, thinking back to old times. He knew it was masochistic. He knew. But he couldn’t seem to stop himself from doing it.
“Mr. Stark,” Steve said, unable to keep the surprise and the hint of worry out of his voice. “What are you doing here?”
“Look at you. Causing problems wherever you go.”
Steve stood up, grabbed his jeans and pulled them on. Thad watched, anger flitting around his mouth and eyes now.
Steve was right behind him.
“Hey,” Steve said quietly.
that he wasn’t dwelling, instead of just sitting here fucking
Sam shook his head and gestured vaguely with his bottle.  “Nah, nah, nah.  It’s between us.  She’ll never hear it from me.”
Steve started to sweat. His already shaky hands shook even more. “Um,” he whispered, “Tony Stark?”
And then he started to cry.
I should have here with me, isn’t it.  That would hit him hardest.
he thought.
Steve sunk into her embrace, holding her tightly. He felt lost at the thought of being without her. What would he do? How would he survive? She’d been his one constant his entire life. Everyone else had come and gone, but not her. She was his solid space. His soft landing. Was there anything for him if he didn’t have her?
They were lying in bed, Steve against Tony's side while he scrolled through e-books on his tablet.
He ran a hand through his hair. Straightened his jacket. He probably looked terrible, but there wasn’t much he could do about it now, and Tony never seemed to mind. Did, in fact, constantly tell him how beautiful he was, even when Steve knew he wasn’t.
“Are you going to kiss me hello?” Tony asked after a moment of considering silence.
he thought.
Tony did, though. So, it was okay.
Steve drew in a breath.  So.  That’s how it was.  He’d known it would come to this.  He’d told Tony.
“I don’t know,” Steve mumbled. “You came here feeling...sad. And I just-” he began, then hid his face against the side of Tony’s neck, “-I don’t want you to feel...later, you know...like I took advantage of the situation. Of you.”
. He needed to be working.
Tony narrowed his eyes. “Like what?”
“Then why are you here?”
“If that was true, we would be in a very different position right now,” Tony mumbled. His voice was sleepy though, eyelids drooping.
back,” he said. “That these three weeks aren't going to turn into fifteen years again, Steve, ‘cause I can’t do that. I can’t. And I'm scared-”
He waved and nodded.  He turned back to Tony and clasped his hand briefly.  “I’ll bring Stephen.  We’ll figure this out.”
Tony laid his hand on Steve’s stomach while he worked his mouth up and down his length. He could feel the tension in his muscles, how tightly coiled they were beneath his palm. He could feel the way they jumped and twitched involuntarily, punctuated by the sounds of Steve’s low moans. It was mesmerizing. The thought that with all the fantasies he’d had about him and Steve together, he had never even conceived of this. He'd imagined the broad strokes--had
They sat out on the deck after dinner, catching up, reminiscing, and laughing.  Steve had abandoned his chair and sat on the old wicker sofa, his feet propped up on the table.  Natasha was curled up next to him, her legs tucked under her, head on his chest, arm around his waist.  Steve had thrown his arm around her shoulders and twirled a lock of her hair continuously around his thumb.
need’ part? That worried him. Worried and upset him.
“Yeah, except this will kill you,” Tony said.
Tony stuck his hands in his back pockets and looked up at Steve.  “Guess I should go.”
Steve grasped Tony’s arms in his hands and tried to catch his eye.  “You’re not, but I am.  I signed up for this.  A few times.”  He laughed a little.  “I said I was from
okay?”
“Where do you think you’re going?"
