until the Dominus is finished with him; maybe he will age out, get so old and wrinkly that the Dominus won’t be interested in him anymore, maybe he will stroke out from the pleasure… but he is going to survive this… at least until it kills him.
The door closes behind her, leaving John staring at a rack of street clothes and wondering what the hell is going on.
Nothing has changed... well… Sherlock has forgotten that… or at least he is willing to go along with their comfortable fiction.
my arse.”
“I should think so, dear. Eat up - he’s in his mind palace, but he said he wanted to leave when you are ready.”
He tried, wherever possible to remain emotionally distant from the causes of war. To remind himself that it was generally one group of humans demanding territory or religious agreement from another group of humans. He didn’t think that he was particularly above it, just that it shouldn’t in the long run make any difference to him. despite his ulterior motive of resetting his life, he allowed himself some level of camaraderie with his fellow soldiers.
, yeah.”
You'd make him come, wrap your hand around him and contort your bodies until he's full of you while you stroke his cock. He'll tell you after, or maybe he’s told you before, the last time you did this to him, that you fucking his mouth makes him hard, that if he could touch himself while you did it he'd come, just from the feel of you. He'd tell you that he wants you to make him, that he can do it on his own, that half the reason he puts the cuffs on is so you will have to do it for him. He wants it to be you… he wants you.
John would like to blame the whiskey, the way the fire light danced over Murray’s features and or the complete lack of anything like a shag in the last three weeks. The truth of it though is that Murray has the sort of casual sexuality that John finds irresistible. Murray knows that he looks absolutely, painfully, gorgeous in his kit, knows that he doesn’t have to wiggle his hips and throw glances over his shoulder to have half the unit salivating over him. Just quietly goes about his day.
“Mycroft is my Dominus, I’m his familiar. He’s Sherlock’s brother.”
Murray pulls out and pushes on John’s thigh. “Flip over, lemme…”
“Screen on.” Mrs. Hudson nods at the solid wall behind him, now flickering with the header page of the BBC news site. “It’s voice controlled, I’m sure you can sort it out.”
There’s something comforting about not being able to see. If he can’t see what is coming next he doesn’t have to worry about what is happening to him. His head dips between his shoulders, dropping to the left. His cock, on the other hand, begins to take interest, because even after only one night, he knows what kneeling in front of the Dominus means.
” John can’t tell if he is shouting or whispering, his voice feels outside his control. “
John’s skin feels tight, the clothes he’s wearing constricting around him. “Is that why you are here?”
John looks up and licks his lips. “Not a thing.”
“Please, Si-Dominus… please I need to come, gods please let me come.” John shivers as the Dominus presses his mouth against John’s left shoulder, lips teasing at the edge of John’s scar. The Dominus wraps his arms around, one low around John’s torso, the other snaking under John’s left arm and cupping his throat. John’s body rocks with the shallower push of the Dominus into him, the new angle dragging over his prostate. “
Murray arrives before the first grey light of dawn has a chance to brighten the window of John’s borrowed classroom. John lets him in and relocks the door before dropping his trousers and kicking them in Murray’s direction. “Did you find lube, too?”
****************
They decide to walk home, the cool-nearly-too-cold of the night drawing the warmth of the wine from them. John can feel Sherlock oscillating beside him… clearly trying to decide if he should make a move, or if it is too risky to kiss John… to wait until they are inside the flat, or to push him against the door to the street. To try something that might be brushed off as ‘continental’ a peck on the cheek before they retire to their separate rooms, or to abandon all pretence of friendship and…
“He’s… You’ll stay?”
He circles around behind John and there is a pause, a consideration before he bends John’s elbows. When the cuffs on his wrists meet he feels the maglocks engage. Technically his shoulder is still wounded, and the position pulls damaged muscle tight. It’s close enough to one of the physio exercises the doctors gave him that he doesn’t complain.
“Oh...
John maintains eye contact as he folds the robe, the edges not entirely lining up but most of the wrinkles smooth out under his hands. He looks away to settle the square of fabric on the coffee table, next to a wire bowl containing apples.
“Damn right, Princess.” Murray gives John a wicked grin before turning away to find his trousers and pants.
He looks down at himself, only now realizing his attempt to exercise is obvious in every wrinkle of his robe. “Sorry.”
John frowns and pushes himself up on the cot. “The Yard?”
The Dominus’ free hand comes up and pulls John’s head to the side, fingernails digging into John’s scalp as his the Dominus curls his fingers in the ties of the blindfold. John can feel his breath and the warmth of his skin as the Dominus brings his mouth close to John’s neck.
John leans over, meeting Sherlock’s eyes for the first time since this began, eyes fully dark green, roiling emerald fire where once there had been a gentle gaze. “That’s still forgetting about
When John comes it starts in his toes, follows through the pressure in his thighs, tacky against the leather chair and the fine wool of the Dominus’ trousers. The tips of his fingers dig, uncontrolled into the Dominus’ shirt, clutching and pulling close, even as his mouth stutters apologies. “
He turns away from the mirror and climbs onto his bed, crawling up to the headboard and planting his hands on the metal frame, holding tight until his knuckles turn white. His tentacles don’t need his conscious control to roam over his body, to wrap around his wrists and the headboard until he doesn’t have to hold on anymore, until his head can drop between his shoulders and seeking tendrils can find his lips and push inside.
John doesn’t need to do anything. Murray holds him still, and when John manages to open his eyes and look up, Murray is watching him through half lidded eyes. John hums his… contentment... and closes his eyes again.
John is looking at him, watching Sherlock watch John’s mouth as he moves his head against the pressure of Sherlock’s hand on his skull.
“No, well yes. Sherlock called Mycroft last night, the thrall they caught. The rickshaw driver who’d been killing those people. They have to find this Dominus Moriarty and... well they will deal with it.”
John stretches on the duvet, he’d love nothing more than to crawl under the covers and stay. The bed is surprisingly good for the kind of hotel room he finds himself in. At the end of a train line, hours from London, far enough that he can’t be tempted, that he has to decide to go back. He could... just not go back to Baker Street. He could just drop everything and pick up somewhere fresh. It is both easier and more difficult now. He’d have to go somewhere, wait out the lifespans of everyone who would remember him in London. There is only so much he can do with the glamour to change his appearance, the constant drain on his attention and energy will eventually break down and he’ll slip, and the last thing he needs is an accidental drop… tentacles everywhere... screaming Tube passengers, etcetera.
She walks in sometime later, carrying a bowl of vegetable soup with distressingly bright green broth.
John wakes up, all at once and panicking, a sudden gasp for air and a flinch before he curls back on himself. The clothing he’d chosen for himself yesterday wound tight and binding around his throat. His fingers are numb when he works at the top button of the shirt, trying to give himself space to breathe without moving more than he absolutely has to. The pressure eases from around his throat and he curls deeper into his cot.
“C’mon, it’s fine. They’re out, and the kitchen is through here.” Greg moves without hesitation into the room, passing by the metal suspension frame like it isn’t there.
Salt and pepper hair, dark eyes difficult to place exactly how old he is, wearing something that looks like old fashioned pajamas if pajamas could be considered sexy. Or maybe tailored, do people have tailored pajamas? John’s brain is confused and muggy like maybe he had actually come out of cryo. He closes his eyes again.
Sherlock tries to claw at the hem of John’s trousers, tries to close his eyes, the darkness just increases the speed of the deletion. “I’d have died. I’d have taken that pill and died, you saved me… please, John.”
***************************
He resolves to say something nice to her if he sees her again.
“A book?” John’s skeptical he’ll be allowed anything… recreational in here.
bring me my rations.”
“You don’t though... you really don’t. You were fine before me. You will be fine again without me. Better even. I’ll take everything from you. Tell Lestrade that I’ve had enough and that you’ve deleted me. You’ll find someone new for the upstairs room and go on being you.”
“Wait, they haven’t been around that long! They just got here… they only just… started the war.” John feels like his brain is cotton.
“Use one of the ones off the pockets, you’re never going to find it in this mess.” John drops back down onto his doss bag, propping himself against the wall to watch Murray work. “Hurry up or we’ll miss breakfast.” John wants to make sure Murray has time to fix John’s trousers and get in a proper fuck before the ration packs get handed out just after sunrise.
Sherlock might have some whiskey.”
“Just take it, Watson.”
Sherlock closes his eyes, the after-image of John’s paper burned into his retinas giving him the perfect backdrop to replay several of his favourite sexual fantasies involving John. Attempting to remove John’s trousers or shirt in every case results in John’s form vanishing from Sherlock’s imagination. Only the firm thought of John fully clothed allows him to continue the fantasy. It is problematic, but Sherlock has developed several workarounds that have been quite satisfying, although there is something incomplete about it. Sherlock can’t place the sensation, the lack that has nothing to do with John’s skin. “Not immune... no. Perhaps... overly hasty in my initial negotiations of our relationship.”
John slides home the bolts in his door - all four of them - that despite their weight do nothing to keep Sherlock out of the room unless John is in it. He thinks they would only give him warning, a chance to gather the glamour around him before Sherlock burst into the room.
He tilts his head and lets her clip the chain onto his collar, the tiny lock snapping into place. He pulls away from the wall before he can stop himself and is brought up short by the tight feeling around his neck. He slides his knees closer to the wall and closes his eyes, willing himself calm even as his fists clench inside the robe. He can do this, he’d known what it would mean when he’d signed on. They’d explained it to him. It might be either a quick, pleasant death, or it could be years and years of… well years of being used as a food source on a regular basis.
She asks the rack of clothing but John answers anyway “Is it always so bright in here?”
“I told you, the synths won’t kill them. Eventually they get mean enough that… sometimes the families will put... The familiars, usually a family will have enough familiars that they won’t need synths. And it makes it easier on the familiars.” He waves at John. “If one of them skips a feeding, we don’t end up feeling like you do now. They all produce a slightly different… they all feel different, and it stops the withdrawl from being so bad. No that’s backwards. It's like building up a tolerance. The addiction means you crave them more and more but eventually it evens out and starts to go downhill. There’s only so much their getting from you and… but then when you go back it starts again.” His eyes have gone a bit glazed. “It isn’t like drugs. You don’t get addicted to both.”
“I will accept the use of a safeword, until we have grown
I know you don’t mean to… even now you want to please me. I can taste how badly you want to please me, little soldier.”
The Dominus slides his hand down and cups the head of John’s cock, his hand loose, just giving John something to push into and bump against. John wants to scream, might
The Dominus licks John’s shoulder. “So… powerful.” The Dominus lets go of the blindfold, digs his fingers into John’s hip and slams deep into his arse. Pulls John back towards him and nuzzles into John’s ear. “So powerful, and
Murray smirks and shakes out the ball of clothing. “Where’d the button end up?” He hitches himself up onto one of the desks, angling to catch the little bit of light that makes it through the windows from the street.
John hums around Murray’s fingers and sucks harder, a spike of pleasure shooting through him. Gregson’s not really… John doesn’t think Gregson would do it, but he can imagine Murray pushing his head down onto Gregson’s cock, John choking on it.
“Watson.” Not a whisper, because whispers travel farther than normal quiet speech.
” He groans and his head falls back against the Dominus’ shoulder as he’s bitten again, sharp teeth and warm tongue working at his scar. “
“He said something about his sister… he’s been gone for hours. How long have you been on the floor?”
“Lift your left foot.”
“Yes, Dominus.”
When Mrs. Hudson finds him on the floor, curled in a ball with the rug from the back of John’s chair balled under his chin, he can’t explain the relief that he feels at the automatic “Where’s John?” that falls from his lips.
never makes it past his teeth, and he is only vaguely conscious of Murray spitting again, sliding deeper.
“But they also don’t sleep. And eventually that makes even them a little squirrely and you end up with Vlad the Impaler or Rasputin running amok and bathing in the blood of virgins.”
9:36 pm
didn’t blow the place sky high. And I sure as
“While you're doing that, I’ll make those calls, see what I can find,” Lestrade added and walked out into the hallway.
As I stated a couple of days ago, Stamford and I had agreed to meet at the Lamb and Flag. I had already downed a couple of shots by the time Mike arrived, having gotten there early out of sheer boredom. I related to him the sad saga of Harry’s marriage and impending divorce. And, no, I hadn’t found “the one”, in fact, I hadn’t really met anyone that piqued my interest in ages. Well, yes, there’s the odd date and shag now and then, but…
“Oh dear,” the lady said, “A sister, kept secret for all those years! And Sherlock not remembering!
Sherlock opened the packet of biscuits, stuffed several into his mouth at once, chewed, and then washed it all down with the last of his coffee. He really need to lie down now.
“Come with me,” Carson blatted out.
, 12:09 pm
Sherlock sighed deeply and pinched his eyes shut. How was he going to approach this?
“I couldn’t sleep.”
Her plane couldn’t land, so apparently, she had wanted everyone to crash and burn with her.
There were lists for work, for Rosie’s play dates, bills received, shopping…
And so, their sister went. Sheltered away from the rest of the universe. Her parents visited weekly, Mycroft went along sometimes, but Sherlock…never. And in time, little brother seemed to forget she ever existed at all. Sherlock’s mind became a palace to which he could add or delete information as he saw fit, while his sister’s mind remained a prison. Two years later, when Eurus set the second fire, Mycroft conspired with Uncle Rudy to send her to Sherrinford. They both agreed his parents should never be told. The news of her death sent both of the elder Holmes’ into a spiral for a bit, but time eventually brought, if not peace, at least a way to deal with the sadness.
that she say that? Was he…
“Ah, here we go,” he remarked to his cat, Mr. Whiskers, who had decided to join him. He let the animal settle in his lap before giving him a good scratch behind the ear.
Then… “You would? I mean, that’s great…yeah, great. Um, actually it won’t be just the two of us; there are a few other couples.  Elizabeth Asher and her girlfriend, Suzanne Duprey, for one. You know Elizabeth. She has the vehicle. Well, It’s her mum’s, but she can use it whenever I guess. And, ah, Ryan O’Connor and his girl, Meera Singh. I hope that’s alright?”
The pair ordered chocolate milkshakes and a basket of chips, with Sherlock insisting on playing this time. He reached across the table and took both of John’s hands in his.
So, was this an experiment? It sounded like something Moriarty would do, but he’s dead. Isn’t he? Of course he is, so …not that.
was quite done looking around and wanted to; like I had anywhere else pressing to be. And anyway, for some bizarre reason…I
And quite honestly, I don’t know what the f**k happened. I was…zapped. I really don’t know how else to describe it. I’ve never had anything like it happen to me in all my damned, bloody life.
Sherlock shook his head in agreement. “Yes, that lemon curd was excellent. Thank you.”
“What’s that?” Lestrade asked as he re-entered the room.
“No…no. This is actually the first year my parents have allowed me to date. My mother is rather…well
it was….of exorcism.
….are you still there?”
. I told myself I couldn’t catch a break. Where were all the young, lovely, unattached females? Were there
. Where
“Yes...I...I’m sorry.”
“Actually, I do have a missed call from her. Came through while I was on my way over here. I didn’t answer it due to driving. How did you know she was going to call me?”
to the table and Elizabeth. She gave John a thumbs up as he approached.
Now everything had changed dramatically…radically. His life would never be as it was before, and he was going to have to process how he would change with it. And quickly.
“I see. Well, maybe he’s just taking advantage of the situation and enjoying a night out, or getting a few things done without the kiddo about. I mean, there could be several explanations for...this…that.”
case. It’s the one about the ‘Vanishing Mum’ that we never really solved.”
that she set the fire.
His mind cleared a bit.
And, no pun intended, but…Christ…there had even been talk …and talk’s
She gave a giggle as she commenced to fill the sink with soapy water. “Oh, I know that. It’s just such a …well...comfort knowing you’re just above me should I ever need help, even if we don’t see each other for a few days.”
“Um, yes, I suppose. What, you suspect Sherlock’s using again…or missing, run off to one of his bolt-holes?”
“Five?” Sherlock repeated, genuinely puzzled. “It’s only,” and here he consulted his watch, “only ten minutes to one. You need four hours to purchase two trees? Where are you going, Norway?”
“Is this the first time he’s ever done this?”
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Hoo Hoo,” she said, giving the door leading into the kitchen a swift knock before letting herself in. “Lunch, boys. John, it’s quite nippy out there. I thought you’d better have something substantial in you before you go tree shopping. The wind! Bites right through you. And that snow we got overnight. Only a few inches here, but some of the rural areas got close to a foot. Make sure you dress warmly.”
“Yeah, thanks” John took a sip before dumping the water on his head the cold water feeling like heaven on his skin. He heard a muffled gasp and opened his eyes looking at Sherlock who was staring at John eyes wide. John shook his head and chuckled “Sorry it’s hot” Sherlock nodded his eyes flickering down John’s tanning chest. He grabbed the cup and quickly went back inside. John wiped his face once more with his shirt leaning forward to grab his lunch. He took out his sandwich and happily munched on it leaning back on the stairs.
“Stop that”
“She wants to get back together”
A few moments later Mrs. Holmes came out and handed him a check. “Thank you...for everything and do make sure Sherlock eats...he has this thing where he'll go days without eating...treat him well John...and do invite me to the wedding” she winked and left John standing on the steps shocked holding a check with way too many zeros.
“Get out of my room Fatty.” Sherlock turned back to John cuddling into him “Make him go away” Sherlock whispered into his neck. John huffed.
“Well the fact that you barged in here and are currently moving your stuff into my house I assume you aren't...fine i mean.” Sherlock shrugged.
“Not yet but--”
When John turned up at the Holmes for his last day he was greeted by Mrs. Holmes whose eyes were red and puffy. “Is he okay?” she whispered to him after checking to see no one was around. John nodded and she broke out in tears again and smiled. “Come in I’ll write your check” John shook his head. “I'd rather stay out here” she sighed. “Very well. I’ll be back.” John took a seat on the stairs when a 3 bags were dropped beside him. John looked up to see Mycroft who stood staring out.
“I gotta get home love.” Sherlock pouted slightly.
“Well, I get you dont like me back, I mean, I think you don't, but I mean I still like being friends with you Sherlock and I know I'm over 10 years older than you-”
When John walked through the door he was still in a state of shock that he didn't even notice Sherlock as he placed the three bags on the couch. “John?” Sherlock blinked at John under the three bags that were just placed on his head. John came out of his daze. “Oh Sherlock I’m sorry mate” he said taking the bags off him. “Your brother packed up your stuff for you” Sherlock huffed. “Invasion of my privacy.” John smiled. “Also your mother paid me...a lot of money…”
“Hey Greg!” John gave Greg a quick man hug. “Thought you were working, your new big detective job?” The DI smiled “Nah, Day off, thought I’d come back and work with my old crew” John laughed but had a weird feeling that eyes were on him and he turned to see Sherlock glaring at Detective Lestrade Sherlock’s eyes flickered to John and he scowled looking away once more. John shrugged it off.
“I got to finish putting the walls up…”
“You’re thinking it's annoying.” John chuckled and lifted his hands in mock surrender. He put his sandwich away standing up. “Where are you going?” Sherlock looked at John.
“I’m gonna have too, I can’t really explain why my wall collapsed…”
“Look what happened yesterday, You have to know that-”
“Interesting?” Sherlock said shocked with an eyebrow raised
John wiped the sweat from his forehead and looked at his phone and his eyes widened.
detective?” Sherlock's footsteps stumbled as he righted himself. He lead them back to the steps behind the house
John quickly went up the stairs of the Holmes’ house and stopped at Sherlock's door knocking on it. Sherlock answered his eyes cold.
“What are
John stared at the text with a mild interest then said a quick goodbye to Frank and began to walk into the house.
“Not tonight love. We will talk when i get back tomorrow afternoon...for now sleep.” Sherlock nodded and crawled into bed.
Sherlock eyes closed off and he stood abruptly. “Leave.” John's face fell and he stood brushing off invisible dust.
“I know what you think and you're wrong. I didn't do it out of spite. I did it to save him...Sherlock...he would've killed himself staying here. Hes….sensitive...and Father is cruel. When he met you i knew you would protect him. I did what i had to i do not regret it...any of it.” Mycroft looked at John nodded once and quickly went inside. He turned at the doorway. “That’s all that he would deem important. Take care of him.” Then he disappeared inside.
“The one who you said you didn't like anymore because you liked else...of the male specimen?”
...with him...in his house. He shook his head. “Maybe another time Sher” Sherlock’s eyes narrowed slightly and started to protest but was cut off by Mycroft clearing his throat not to subtly. Sherlock threw another glare at Mycroft and reluctantly crawled off John’s lap. He stood tall and his face was wiped of every emotion and his face looked so cold John literally recoiled even though the coldness wasn’t directed at him. John stood as well moving to go out the door when Sherlock grabbed his arm shocking him and when he looked at Sherlock it looked like it shocked him too.
“Oh, Sherlock. It’s
“I guess he’s …gone.”
So, I guess I’m to start keeping this bloody blog. And just what the hell am I supposed to say? Thompson (my therapist) seems to think it will be “therapeutic” if I put to paper (or computer I guess I should say) my day to day happenings, presumably so that I can see the progress I’ve made. Progress. How can I make any bloody progress when nothing ever happens? I rarely leave my depressingly, tiny flat as there’s nowhere to go; nowhere that I can afford anyway. I suppose I could look out a few of my post-army mates and see what they’re up to. But then again, what could I possibly have in common with any of
“Agreed. Mrs. Hudson,” he yelled to the kitchen, “do you know…”
Chapter 4
“No…no I’m good. Actually, I may not be here when you come out. I’ll be back before too late though.”
the house is the one you would have just passed
“Well, let’s get going,” Elizabeth said.
and who the hell
Sherlock turned and looked out the window. “No one… really.”
to get this big of a place just because Sherlock and… or… my daughter and I might stay. I’ve still got my lease for another two months, and Sherlock could stay with me, or I dare say Mycroft could spare a room until 221 Baker is put to rights. Thanks for that again, by the way.”
“Hey, I’m only trying to… John...
“Wow, by all means. Play away.”
do need to conduct more research on this case before Christmas.”
Within twenty minutes the group of friends pulled into the drive of the Holmes residence. Sherlock was ready, and bounded towards them, being waved off by his mother and father. He climbed into the back seat beside John.
“Yes, perhaps we should. Would…would you mind doing that, Inspector? I’ll…”
“Yes.”
“Yes…lets.”
“Absolutely…yes. And ah, here we are. Do you mind if we just wait out here instead of in the lobby?”
“Isn’t that a little…unsettling for you? I mean, being there on your own amongst all that…you know”
“So, did you ask him?” Elizabeth Asher probed, as she took another bite of her ham sandwich.
something…something
“Well then, I’ll go get the tea tray while you’re getting Sherlock. Be back in a flash.”
“Damn,” he squealed, “what’d you do that for?”
Sherlock gave John one of his wide….and fake… grins. “I...ah...I
“Yes, yes, of course, but…I mean…anything more than that. Sentiment…perhaps.”
She switched the kettle on and poured herself a brandy while she waited. Three-thirty was probably too early for one, but she didn’t give a pop. She finished the brandy and figured she should go check on Richard. He was still sleeping, probably for the best. He had consented to take one of her tranquilizers, something he had never done. She hadn’t seen him this upset in years and his heart wasn’t that strong anymore. It was worrisome, tiresome...god-awful. He had been so angry…almost incoherent by the time they left Mycroft’s office, and Sherlock had insisted on driving them home. Throughout the drive, he had kept repeating over and over how sorry he was and that he hadn’t known. And Richard had cried how Mycroft had betrayed them all. Sherlock stayed just long enough to see his father settled with the tranquilizer and then left. Amelia wanted to discuss things in more detail with her younger son but thought it needed to wait until tomorrow. There had been quite enough drama for one day.
The two lifted their glasses, said cheers, and downed the drinks. Carson immediately started coughing. “Oh…god…sorry…sorry. That…that wasn’t what I was… expecting. Sorry. Would you like to find a table?”
“And that’s the rest of the story. A friend provided him with his personal truck. That’s partly what’s worrying Sherlock. He doesn’t believe John would keep the vehicle longer than the time that had been arranged without contacting the owner first…which he apparently hasn’t done. Additionally, his daughter, Rosamund, is spending some time with Ms. Hooper who was expecting him to touch base with her this evening and he still has not phoned her yet either.”
“Mrs. Hudson? Mrs. Hudson?”
“No. And it won’t be,” Mrs. Hudson assured. “That’s a promise. Well, now that we’ve got some of this aired out why don’t you go in and have a rest while Rosie’s still sleeping. I can wake you if I need to. I have one of the carpenters coming this evening to go over a few details with me on the restoration. And I’ll order us some dinner later, or we can go out if you’d prefer.”
would he do that to her? Why would he call her and ask….no…
John looked down at his shoes, at Sherlock’s shoes, the trash bin…anywhere but into Sherlock’s eyes.
reasonable rate”. Seems he did her some tremendous favor in the past and I guess she figures she owes him one. Sherlock said to meet him in two evenings, 3 January, at seven and we could finalize the details. I thought it a bit of cheek, him just assuming I’ll take him up on the offer.
“But you’re concerned that if Sherlock
“Umm, some of them not so funny,” John quipped.
“Alright then, shall I take that kiss as an invitation to be your boyfriend?” John asked. “Or is that taking things too far, too fast?”
“Do I have a choice? Look, I’m going to go have a shower and I just might turn in early if you’re going to be so occupied anyway.”
“Yes,” Mycroft chuckled, “my feelings precisely. On the other hand, Sherlock is often right about these things.”
…to keep her from them, no matter how deranged he thought she was.
lucky.
she thought.
“Well then,” he lamented, “mystery solved.”
“You think that’s something, you should see them when we’re hanging out in Ryan’s basement. And these girls here beside me…..we’ll be lucky if they’re not on the floor by the time the movie’s finished.”
And then something happened that changed everything: Moriarty.
Mrs. Hudson took a great gulp of her now cold tea. “But from the
When they parted, both were breathing heavily. Their smiles were automatic.
“Anyone can hide. Facing up to things, working through them, that's what makes you strong.”
They eat, quietly for a few minutes until the blush fades from Sherlock’s cheeks.
The Dominus slows his strokes, pulling gently on John’s cock and fucking slow and smooth into John’s arse. John flails ineffectively against the chains until he manages to wrap his hands around the chains at his wrists and gain some purchase against the suspension sling.
John reading the paper one afternoon, long lines of light cutting across the sitting room, Sherlock sitting opposite him, because he can, that’s how they are. John folding the paper calmly, preparing to get up, to make tea, to do whatever it is John does, shopping…
“Blackcurrant, Dominus.” John’s heart races, knowing that once the addiction sets in he won’t safeword, and if he has to safeword before he’s addicted… well chances are he won’t get a second chance.
John would push into him. Slide in to the hilt, lean down, bend over him… John strokes himself hard and fast, gasping and cursing as his hand loses rhythm and he falls back against the door.
Greg’s face gets a bit red and he looks down at his cup. “Well not all the time I’ve known him, but more than he’s not.”
Distraction lets him pull the key from his jailor’s pocket, lets him begin to work the lock even as Mycroft gloats. “Back to Baker Street, brother mine.”
She smiles in answer and holds out her hand with one small red pill. “Here, take this.”
“Not in the slightest.”
John leans forward with a groan, tipping himself forward to cover his growing erection. “Gods, Murray, if I have to hear that story one more time…” John twists, pulls his doss bag out from under him and stands, feigning a little more intoxication than he is actually feeling. “You lot can stay and listen to his lies, I’m done for the night.”
He’s nearly done stitching the button down when John gives in to temptation and slides out of his pants. He's already most of the way hard as he kicks his pants away from his ankles, letting his legs fall open as he tries to find a comfortable position on the too thin doss bag.
Sherlock strokes his hand over the back of John’s head, pushing up gently to meet John’s mouth with his hips. John’s hand rests on Sherlock’s hip, fingers clench gently when Sherlock pushes against the back of John’s throat. The whole thing is very civilized but Sherlock wouldn’t describe it as gentle. There’s an edge to them, together, especially in Sherlock’s mind, a sharpness that brings blood to the surface of the skin, but never really cuts.
John closes his eyes and moans, a small low noise that makes Sherlock’s fingers tighten in John’s hair. From there it is the soft tight warmth of John’s mouth, the occasional scrape of John’s molars over the shaft of Sherlock’s cock, the way John speeds up when Sherlock’s hips start to buck on their own, and the encouraging noises John makes when Sherlock tries to warn him.
“Yes.” John isn’t sure that’s how he would have worded it, but it doesn’t make it less true.
Tonight... Sherlock is savouring every bite, sipping at his wine and laughing at John’s attempts at humour.
“Fucking… Brilliant.” John smiles as Sherlock coughs and turns away.
“You expect me to believe that your father is a millennia-old part dragon?”
, the things I want though, Sherlock... they aren’t... I can’t just take them.” John’s feet shift, the first bodily motion he’s made so far, an abortive attempt to bolt perhaps. “I’m a third generation descendant of... well the Ancient Ones. With most people it is easy to blend in, they actively aren’t looking for anything different about me. They decide not to believe in monsters, and ignore anything that... disagrees with that.”
warnings for this chapter: blindfolds, pain play (mild), more dub con (situational)
“I’ve got a sewing kit in my bag. If I fix your trousers can I fuck you again in the morning?” Murray grins as John turns to look at him, just a bright flash of teeth against the darkness of the room.
Maybe he'd say your name, maybe he'd beg or ask permission. Maybe he'd groan and drop his head back against you, letting himself go boneless in your grip.
Sherlock thinks that might be the end of it, watches as John holds his ground; something different, typically if John is going to reject Sherlock he will storm out, head to a pub or a museum, anywhere Sherlock isn’t. The barrier remains but so does John, Sherlock is content to wait this out.
John whimpers something that sounds like assent and braces his knees against the back of the chair.
John cries out, the sharp pain of the Dominus’ teeth in the still healing skin of his shoulder sending shock waves down his arm.
John fights against the urge to put his forehead on the floor, curl in on himself and forget that this is happening. “Given a choice, Dominus… I prefer women.”
The Dominus growls his approval and reaches forward, pulling on the chain around John’s neck until he is forced upright, his back pressed against the Dominus’ chest. “Such a greedy little boy. Tell me how badly you want it.”
The corner of the paper flicks down and John graces Sherlock with one of his many long-suffering looks. “You
John follows him, but hesitates. He’s only ever knelt in this room, or been bent over the back of furniture. But neither of those things seems appropriate here. He decides to perch on the edge of the couch, so that he can slide off quickly if the Dominus comes home and doesn’t approve.
John turns away from the fire and lets his vision adjust to the darkness around them before he moves away. The school that they are bunking in is secure, well... as secure as they are going to get. John pushes out of the dining hall and heads towards the classrooms, hoping to find one or a corner of one unoccupied enough that he can have a quick wank and try to… well not forget about the idea of Murray fucking him senseless… but maybe get it out of his system. He keeps walking, following the basic principle that the rooms closest to the dining hall are already occupied.
“You don’t have to. I won’t run away.”
His body reacts to the intensity of the stimulation and he orgasms, arse clenching around the Dominus’ cock, heart pounding, throat constricting, pathetic gurgling noises the only sound he is capable of making.
Mrs. Hudson tsks at the hole in the wall where the chain had hung.
John closes his eyes,
Murray sets to work on a messy ball of stitches that will, in theory, hold the fabric around the button-hole together, before cutting one of the buttons from John’s thigh pocket.
His Dominus, Sherlock, pulls away, holds John away from his body to refasten the buttons on John’s shirt. He smirks when he buttons the top button. “You won’t fool anyone with this. Well, no one important at any rate. I rather liked the idea of taking you out in your robe, but Mrs. Hudson insisted it wouldn’t be proper.”
“Get it wet.”
“Now the right.”
John rocks, pulling tight against his hold on the headboard, praying to gods he’s fairly certain are dead and buried for
. Sherlock even bullied his way through the glamours, the sense of unease and
forming on his lips.
“Why would he do that?”
having for some clue that they are really, truly having it this time. He feels full to bursting; the wine, the food and his own post-case high making everything warm and perfect.
John goes to war to die. It is, it has been, a handy way to vanish and reappear without raising any suspicions, and there is always a war somewhere. He’s been careful, generally, he’s actually accomplished with a variety of weapons. It had taken, well... a lot to finally put Father in the ground. John doesn’t particularly want to experiment with his own mortality. He’s been wounded, at times severely, and he knows that he heals faster than his fully human counterparts. He doesn’t enjoy the healing process. The shift in warfare to ranged weapons… well he doesn’t have any defenses against bullets, he’s sadly not telekinetic. The one that had brought him home from Afghanistan had torn through his shoulder and the uppermost tentacle on his left side. He’d had to, and he isn’t proud of it, he’d glamoured Bill Murray into helping him and then forgetting about the tentacle. John had been vaguely… it had been disquieting when the tentacle had grown back, he’d wondered if it would… certain species of octopus can regenerate limbs. He’d tried not to think too long on what that meant about his own genetics.
John pushes back against chains, tries desperately to fuck himself on the Dominus’ cock. “
“Captured?”
but I did...” Sherlock is impatient, needing to see John. He wants to stand, pull the paper from John’s hands and demand the answers. Demand to
It is her turn to shrug. “It all depends, dear. Sometimes it only happens in the early stages - your eyesight might actually improve. There’s pills, if you get migraines, but he doesn’t like them.” She looks at the blank wall opposite the door. “Best not, unless you’re in pain. You aren’t, are you?”
She shrugs again and her gaze flicks towards the blank wall. “I’ll get your breakfast, dear. Choose whatever you want.”
“I won’t… please, John. Just take the desire… stay and make me forget it.”
John swallows hard around a bite of toast, taking another long sip of his coffee before he answers. “That I’m anemic. That I’d be punished for not treating the things he gave me properly. That I’m his.”
“Sherlock,” John said, slightly choked up, “that’s…beautiful; short and sweet.”
She stripped off her clothes and stepped into the shower. She washed her hair and scrubbed her arms until she drew blood.
“Oh, John, it’s no hardship on my part. Now, come sit, finish your lunch, love your daughter, and then we’ll put her down for a nap. And
“I’d be much obliged, Gregory, thank you.”
He was thirsty, he needed to pee, and he was beyond cold now. Thank god, he had listened to Mrs. Hudson and dressed as warmly as he had. If he had not, he was certain hypothermia would have already set in by now. But he knew his luck wouldn’t hold forever out here. He figured it was somewhere around 2C. And, hopefully, Sherlock, Mike, Mrs. Hudson
“Well, what the devil are you waiting for? Next week? It’s Thursday, in case you forgot. We don’t have any more classes with him today so that only leaves tomorrow. If you want to do it face to face that is. Or are you going to call him?”
Sherlock ran his hand across his brow and ruffled his hair a bit. Why did Mrs. Hudson have to ask that?
30 December 2009
They both moaned and shuttered slightly, while something white, and hot, and electric coursed its way through their bodies.
And then I met…
“And no matter what anybody says about grief and about time healing all wounds, the truth is, there are certain sorrows that never fade away until the heart stops beating and the last breath is taken.”
Chapter 5
“Would you like a snack, Sherlock, again, my treat?”
“I’m not very good at it,” Carson stated.
He sat the photo back on the stand, but continued to talk as he put his shoes on. “Rosie’s doing well. Things haven’t been easy for her, but I’m doing the best I can. Mrs. H and Molly are angels. They’re not you; no one will ever be you. But they love her like she’s their own. I’ll make sure she knows about you, Mary. And I mean the best of you. If she finds out about the other when she’s grown, well…..we’ll cross that bridge when we come to it.”
“Have you tried giving him a ring?”
“Oh…damn. Did I really do that? Where’s...Carson?”
He gave a little snort. “Okay then, Benjie old chap, treated you once or twice at the surgery, didn’t I? You’ve
“No, but that’s good...I mean…that’s fine. Fine. Um. Actually, have you spoken to her
She really wasn’t interested in playing with Mycroft and any attempts he made at games with her were either rebuffed or simply ignored. She desperately wanted Sherlock’s attention, but she could barely keep up with his manic pace and often tried to put her own spin on his adventures… which did not sit well with him. Once, she broke the top off his toy sword because it “looked better jagged”. Sherlock was terribly upset and Mycroft, who had no sword of his own to offer as a replacement, tried to comfort him with a gift of some of his Matchbox collection.  He never participated in his little brothers pirate games, they were “too physical” for his liking. He preferred reading, board games, or running his little cars along the kitchen table. Sherlock happily accepted his brothers offering, but the next morning, they had mysteriously disappeared. Mrs. Holmes discovered them that evening in the compost bin. There was no doubt in anyone’s mind as to how they got there.
“Alright, if you’ve nothing more to add, then I bid you a pleasant evening, little brother. I’ll see you at the Holmes estate in a day or so. And, Sherlock…don’t worry, I’m sure Dr. Watson is fine.”
88888888888
“Hoo hoo, Sherlock? Detective Inspector Lestrade is here to see you.” A decidedly worried look was etched on the face of Martha Hudson. She was convinced that the unexpected, or so she assumed arrival of Lestrade could not be a good thing. Sherlock beckoned them both into the room.
have been a mole somewhere, but who? He had launched a full investigation into it, although he really wasn’t expecting any measurable results.
John felt his breath catch in his throat.
CHAPTER 1
But…who am I fooling. Of
Sherlock paid for their food and they left.
“Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.”
to be her affair. He had hated accusing her of any connection, but he did what had to be done. He was quite pleased she was shown to be innocent. He liked her… and she was professional enough to not hold a grudge against him. Quite the opposite in fact, she appeared to admire him all the more for it. And as for Sir Edwin, he didn’t have the brains, plain and simple, to even
“Though no one can go back and make a new beginning…. Anyone can start over and make a new ending.” – Chico Xavier
“Right then, “John replied, and made his way to the bathroom.
The song was nearing its end when I realized something else: I was…happy. Being in such close proximity to this man for just a few short minutes had triggered emotions in me that I hadn’t utilized in some time. We weren’t exactly dancing cheek to cheek, but the feel of the man in my arms was…surprising. His scent was slightly odd. It was like a mixture of tobacco, sandalwood and….leather? Since when had I ever noticed a
Less than two weeks later, the whole incident with “Redbeard” occurred. Even though there was no physical evidence to prove Eurus was involved, everyone in the family
“No, you don’t look any of that. The khaki’s and that jumper go beautifully together. Now, off you pop. You still have to pick up Sherlock, correct? So you’d best be going.”
John couldn’t help but smile. But, he decided, he wasn’t parting with any of his money before he had to see what old Benjie had to offer. He went back to the truck and followed the arrows pointing the way to the trees. He noticed the snow had started up again.
For the first few months after her arrival at Sherrinford, she was kept heavily sedated, one day simply ran into the next, and it hadn’t even occurred to her that no one had come to visit. But, eventually, she was weaned off of all but the most necessary meds and the young girl became more aware of her surroundings. She enquired of the doctors, nurses, and teachers looking after her about her family, but was always given the same answer: I’ll see what I can do. But no one did anything.
John chuckled. “You know, you don’t
After some seconds of uncomfortable silence, Elizabeth piped up.
“I’ll wait for you in my vehicle. Thankfully, I came in the Jeep. If we do have to drive into the snow, we should be fine.”
He stood and started to leave the room. He turned back.
in that fortress had been fooled by his sister? He thought there
Molly tries to soldier through the aftermath of Sherlock's devastating call....with various degrees of success.
He did not return for almost a year and when he did, she never again asked him anything about
After the initial announcement from John, everything had been so hurried, he hadn’t really taken the time to
don’t want that sort of thing around my daughter.”
“You don’t have to say a word,” she remarked, “I can tell it was a yes by that dumb, love-struck look on your face.”
That he had failed his daughter had been the great anguish of his life. And the toll it had taken on Amelia….sweet mother of Mary. Thankfully, they had always been strong in their love, because such tragedy would have undoubtedly felled a lesser pair.
But all their effort had been to no avail.
“Would you like to get out of here?” John asked. “There’s a little place called Bongo’s nearby. We always go there afterward anyway. I’ll just let Elizabeth know.”
The six made their way up to the balcony area and chose seats in the middle aisle.  The pre-show announcements and trailers for new movies started and the group sat happily munching their snacks and slurping their sodas.
these travesties lay with him and Amelia.
“No, Sherlock, he didn’t. He stopped in on his way out and asked where the saw might be, I told him and he left. This isn’t looking good, is it? Are you sure he didn’t stop off anywhere else, maybe did a little Christmas shopping? Have you tried phoning him?”
“Now, I need you to think.” he began. “Did John tell you where he might be going? Did you see a list, did he...ah… mention the names of any of the places he might visit, anything…anything at all you can remember.”
know…and not
10:07 pm
“Hello…John?”
“You haven’t. I’m writing it for Rosie. I think I’ve got it finished. Would you like to hear it? There are lyrics, too. It’s not very long.”
a normal manner….well, then….
“John,” he started, “I’ve been on the hunt for a flatmate myself. I just moved into a nice little place on Baker Street. The landlady’s a friend of mine.”
“Seriously, Sherlock, it’s fine,” John affirmed. He let go of Sherlock’s hands and took a long drink of his milkshake. “And, for what it’s worth, that
Sherlock grabbed John’s laptop and sat at the small table in the living room. He logged on to his website intending to finish his article about the safest way to unthaw frozen blood…but he couldn’t type a word. He clicked off the site and, without even thinking, typed in the information that would lead him to John’s blog. For all his pooh-poohing and negative remarks thrown John’s way about it, he was secretly pleased with the whole business. He clicked on the most current story. It was a light and charming one about a lost, and then happily found, a puppy named Loki who belonged to Rosie’s favorite playgroup pal, Mia Williams. He finished it, clicked off, and was just about to shut the lid when he noticed an open “word” tab on the taskbar. He told himself that it was snooping, an invasion of privacy… but, then he consoled himself with the thought that there might be something telling within that would give him an idea where John might be.
Bolt-Holes. Molly was out; the cemetery and Leinster Gardens raised too many memories of Mary, so no; the greenhouse had been discovered by someone (damn pack of vandalizing kids, probably) and trashed; Parliament Hill held little protection; Dagmar, no… for the same reason he wouldn’t go to Wiggins; so…the Locks or Big Ben…he was closer to Ben and he could look down at the city he loved. Feel the myriad vibrations of its quivering heart. It would offer some sort of solace. And he would be alone.
all those years? And his own brother? Although, Rudy’s seemingly abrupt standoffishness made some sort of crazy sense now. Only fifteen months apart in age, their only other sibling had been a sickly brother with weak lungs, ten years Richard’s junior, who had succumbed to pneumonia when he was sixteen. He and Rudy had always been close up until…until
But what? What more
“Dada,” Rosie replied, “dada.” And she clapped her hands.
“Hasn’t he already agreed to go out with you sometime?”
“Never mind that. Do you want me to call him or not?”
“Because I asked her to. I didn’t think Mycroft took me seriously. I think something may have happened…to John.” Sherlock relayed to him his reasons why.
Sherlock went back to his flat. He climbed the stairs to the bedroom John shared with his daughter and went into the large walk-in closet. To his left, hung several little dresses in shades of pink, blue, and purple. To his right, John’s things. He ran his hand along a jacket. The small room smelled of him. He took a jumper off its hanger and ran the fabric across his cheek, inhaling deeply as he did so.
“Ah…Sherlock. Hi. I’m doing well…good. And yourself?”
Mike…finally…introduced us. The chap’s name was Sherlock Holmes. Holmes related that he was what he referred to as a “consulting detective” and often worked with D.I. Lestrade of Scotland Yard. According to Holmes, the whole lot of Lestrade’s staff were a bunch of imbeciles, incapable of finding their collective arses with their own two hands. I had no comment.
you are going to agree to accept the fact that our daughter is growing up and come back to bed with me…okay?”
of what I just said, or have I been talking to myself for the last fifteen minutes?”
Martha Hudson had taken up residence in The Hyacinth Hotel after the explosion. Fortunately, her flat was left mostly intact.  Two cracked walls and some fallen ceiling was the worst of it. She rented the largest suite the hotel had; living room, full kitchen, and three bedrooms in case her boys and Rosie wanted to stay. She intended to fix up her flat and 221B exactly as they had been. She had dealt with plenty of lunatics before and
As they started the short walk back, John reached over and took Sherlock’s hand.
“Of course.”
And so, as I type this entry at 10:43 am, New Year’s Day, in the year 2010, I know that I cannot add:
, he begged.
Molly put her hand on his. “No…no...That…that’s okay. I ah… I don’t want to go home anyway. I don’t want to go…home.” She started sniffing a bit.
“Well...yes…”
He turned back and stood, bringing his date up with him. They left the cinema, still hand in hand, and walked the half block to the café in a contented silence.
Unlike Mike and me earlier, Holmes had no trouble hailing a cab, and even less trouble relating to me my life’s history on the way to Angelo’s. You could have knocked me over with a feather. I was flabbergasted, to say the least; I mean the man is brilliant….brilliant and… he relayed things about my past, and my family, that I haven’t told anyone…not even Thompson.  I have never thought of another man as beautiful before. At least, not that I recall, but…Sherlock! His eyes….his mouth! And such incredibly high, sharp cheekbones! I was thinking
“Oh Mary,” he sighed, “what a fine pig’s breakfast we made of things, didn’t we? I’m not sure if it’s a curse or a blessing that you never knew about
888888888888888888888
And their parents. Of course, they would have to be told. That….was going to be a bitch. Well, he wouldn’t let Mycroft face that particular hurricane alone. They’d all need each other more than ever now. He just hoped and prayed the shock wouldn’t kill either one of his parents. Dad’s heart wasn’t that strong and Mum, although outwardly seemed tough as nails, had already had one collapse.
9:47 pm
“He’s….he didn’t. Well, he said he would be back by five and, as you just stated, it’s eighth thirtyish and he’s not….back.”
“Mrs. Hudson, you’ve outdone yourself again,” remarked John, leaning back in his chair.
And Amelia…. Dear Jesus….please help us. Please don’t let us fail her again.
all came to. Lestrade was too eager to close the case and was far
“Mycroft…”
have a lot going for him…pity. And John was right, scaring the bejesus out of Mycroft drove him to 221B’s door and a confession.
He opted for the bedclothes. The lights and decorations were probably in the basement somewhere….or the walk-in closet in John’s room. John’s. He’d check there first. Right after he called his cell. Something he both did… and did…not want to do.
“Do you think she’d be pleased, Mary I mean, with the way we’ve raised Rosie? It’s on my mind a lot to tell the truth. I think about raising a girl…and…I think of Eurus. I know, I know she was a…well, special case, but it just makes me realize all the things that can go wrong. I get so fearful sometimes. Rosie’s a feisty little girl; how could she not be with a former assassin for a mother and an army doctor father…then you throw me into the mix and…well… I just want to be sure we channel all that energy in the right direction, towards the right ambitions.”
The voice on the other end cracked as it interrupted her.
…would realize he was missing and come looking for him. They had to. No one would be coming this way at least until tomorrow morning and he knew he would never last that long.
He had removed his watch earlier, so he headed towards the kitchen to check the time on the microwave, turning on various lights along the way.
8888888888888888888888
“Damn, Sherlock,” John chuckled, “you
Chapter 6
…..but it worked. But, no….never again. Not if he wanted John and Rosie to come…..home. Yes…home. That’s the way he was thinking now. Mary…was…gone (sweet Jesus), and John and Rosie belonged at Baker Street with him and Mrs. Hudson. Moriarty and his influences were now eradicated, Eurus was contained…he could keep them safe. At least that’s what he wanted to believe.
“All in all, it’s a perfect arrangement,” John stated. He rose from the table. “I’m off now, tree shopping. I’m going to grab my coat, gloves, and the ax. Anyone sure they don’t need anything as long as I’ll be out and about?”
Amelia Holmes was at the kitchen sink paring potatoes…and then she cut herself. The slash was long, but not very deep, and grabbing a dishtowel to catch the flow of blood, she made her way to the bathroom. She finished bandaging her finger, sat down on the toilet lid, and started weeping… again. Ever since Mycroft and Sherlock had broken the news to her and Richard that morning that Eurus was still alive….ALIVE…she had not been able to give her full concentration to anything. Poor Richard had almost fainted with the shock and honestly, she was worried about him. She went back to the kitchen and her potatoes, now covered in blood.
a good idea. Would you like to dance? I really wanted to dance and if I don’t hurry up… well… I’d best do before I can’t”
wanted to happen.
daughter! Rudy had no right….
… I will.
Sherlock could read no further. He logged off and gently closed the lid. It was then he realized that tears were coursing down his cheeks and he quickly wiped them away.
“Anyway, what is that tune you’re playing? I don’t believe I’ve ever heard that one before.”
He gritted, grimaced, and tried again. And then he did something he hadn’t done in years. He prayed.
------------------------------------
John Watson was exhausted. For the last, well he didn’t really know how long it had been, but for what seemed like hours, he had been trying to wiggle his way out from under the branch that had him trapped on the cold December ground. He thought he had made a little headway moving his left leg, but he was so numb with pain and cold that he couldn’t be sure.
Carson gave her a wide grin. “Honestly, I’ve never been here. I don’t go out much. I’m not even sure why I came. Well, yes I am. My baby brother got married yesterday. All my siblings are married now. Married and raising families and I’ve barely dated in the last five years. I don’t even know how to dress to go out anymore. I mean, look at me.” He sighed. “I guess that’s pretty pathetic, isn’t it? For some reason I felt like I needed to at least give it a go tonight. That and my mum’s constant nagging. Not exactly sure what I hope to accomplish.”
“Well, to be fair,” John began, “he was trying to do what he thought was best. He was…protecting the rest of the family...or so he thought. She’s quite mad, their sister. I haven’t even told you the half.”
…save her?
“Oh...and ah, the movie is Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.”
“Yes, I know, I’m a fraud,” he cried, feigning a pained look. “Anyway, it is dark out here and no one’s around. Honestly, though, I wanted to do that the whole time we were in the café. Must have been something in the milkshake.”
, he’d shrieked, “
Richard Holmes awoke to see the last rays of the day’s sun filtering through the blinds. His mouth was parched, and he reached for the glass of water on the nightstand. He shuffled his way out of the bed and made for the bathroom where he relieved himself and splashed some cool water on his face. “I look so…old,” he told his reflection in the mirror. “And feel even older.”
“It’s okay,” John chuckled. “Actually, I bet the movie is about over, we could walk back to the theater and wait for the others outside….or in the lobby.”
“I don’t know. It’s not that easy, Elizabeth. Well, maybe for you. I’ve never asked anyone out on a date before.”
, John, What is happening? Where’s Sherlock? When are coming to see…. Rosie misses you, John. She misses her mother. She….”
“Yes, I did try and no answer. I
intervention that should have taken place before it… all went to hell.”
John smiled and went to the kitchen, switched on the kettle, and readied the tray. Sherlock continued with his music.
“I’ll get my coat.”
John laid a hand on Sherlock’s. “Look around,” he started, “there are only six other people up here and they are all couples. Why do you think they chose the balcony in the first place? You really are new to all this, aren’t you?”
process just what the whole insane business meant to him. And none of them, least of all Mycroft, had had the slightest clue that they were walking straight into Eurus’s deadly game when they pirated (partly) their way to Sherrinford. Dear god, what a fool Mycroft must feel. Sherlock felt a few tears of compassion make their way down his cheeks. I guess he wasn’t such a rubbish big brother after all. But, think of it. The man who ran the British government (and who the hell knew how many others) had failed to be successful in managing his own little sister….their brilliant-but-deranged sister. Jesus, what other horrors might have gone on there they knew nothing about? Visions of those cannibals ran across his mind.
anymore? I’ve changed, I know I have…and not necessarily towards the positive.
Pale moonlight was filtering down through the trees when John Watson first became conscious of his surroundings. The thought was groggily marching through his brain that it was dark and he was very cold….and that something in his lower extremities felt both frozen and on fire at once. He could not recall where he was…or how he got there.
have been done, for pity’s sake?
“Right then,” he replied, and rang off.
“Okay…what is it really, Sherlock? You didn’t call me at ah…eight thirty-seven to ask me that, did you?”
“Then why did you call me? You really are worried about him, aren’t you? I think you’re a lot more, ah… involved with this man than you’re letting yourself believe. You know, Sherlock, it hasn’t really been that long since Mary died, and an even shorter time since all that…unfortunate business with Eurus took place. Emotions are still running high. John has been left a relatively young widower…with a very young child. And you...” Mycroft sighed. “You have had your whole emotional universe turned topsy-turvy. The sad plight of our sister has brought to the surface feelings most people didn’t think you capable of. Of course, I’m not one of them. And I dare say there are a few others. Look, brother mine, from what I know of John Watson, he’s, well, someone who needs, or at least desires, to be in a relationship. And…his child is motherless. Those two reasons alone could mean he might possibly be… exploring… options. And to carry this further...perhaps your own feelings towards “romantic entanglement”, as you put it, are simply changing. We’re not getting any younger, Sherlock, either of us and perhaps it’s…well…it’s something to think about anyway. If anything is…smoldering there…at home…maybe it’s time to start adding a little fuel…or douse the flame and venture elsewhere.”
“But don't you think about me in that way? I mean you said so yourself you like me in a romantic type of way so you must have had intimacy dreams about me”
“His name isn't Greg….is it?”
“Yes I did, have you had intimacy dreams involving me John?” Sherlock moved closer and John's face turned the faintest hint of red.
“Yeah. It has.”
“The one who cheated on you?”
“Instead of putting acid in my foundation, you could have just asked for my number” John ruffled Sherlock's hair and Sherlock grumbled. “Text me sometime yeah?” John said over his shoulder walking out. Sherlock nodded in a somewhat shock. “But what about the wall?” He called.
“We’ll do whatever you want, Sherlock. But if Mrs. H. is baking?” John raises an eyebrow, tilts his head to the left a bit and winks. “You could ask her to do a banoffee?”
And then you'd fuck his mouth, your hands wrapped around his skull, holding him still while you fucked him until your legs trembled and you wanted to come down his throat.
“Sherlock, you don't—you don't have to—”
“Mycroft, why don’t you take a seat, make yourself comfortable?” He gestures to his chair across from Sherlock’s with a smile, seeing as every other surface formerly known as a sitting area seemed to be covered with books, file boxes, and various other miscellaneous items that could probably all be classified as junk.
Though they had decided to keep the whole thing fairly quiet, when he writes up the case, which he titles The Case of Extraterrestrial Espionage, (Sherlock scoffs and rolls his eyes, but now it’s accompanied by a kiss to John’s temple, so John finds he doesn’t mind it) he knows he embellishes a little too obviously on how “strikingly otherworldly” Sherlock looks lit up by the lights of the fake UFO as they ran through the maze. But by the time he realizes how it must sound, it’s already been posted and he figures to hell with it. He’d posted less incriminating comments about Sherlock in the past and still gotten shite for it, so he figures maybe no one will notice the difference this time around.
He watches the way Sherlock’s jaw moves as he grinds his teeth, an old habit dating back to primary school. If Mycroft really wanted to get under his skin, he would take the opportunity to remind him how badly Mummy used to chastise him for it. Best not to push it, he thinks.
Please, guys, take a minute to give me an honest review. It means the absolute world to me and encourages me to write the next chapter! Thank you so much for reading! <3
. Remarkably, she restrains herself.
,” he sounds mildly perplexed at that. “In that moment, I saw my feelings for you as they actually are. I knew right then that I would follow you wherever you were to go.”
she thinks.
“Uh—no, I don’t trust him not to choke on it in his state. Probably couldn’t wake him up to drink it, anyway.” Sally nods and turns back to face the front, wondering what the bloody hell had gotten into her. Yesterday she would have said
The scene that greets him when he looks up from his watch makes him stop in his tracks, barely having made it past the doorway. The two men—conjoined, indeed—stand a little closer together than is normally considered just friendly, hovering over the stove in the kitchen. John stands with a large wooden spoon in hand, stirring whatever smells so delicious which he has simmering in a large saucepan. Sherlock stands just behind him, observing his flatmate’s handiwork. Which would have been all fine and well, except for the fact that Sherlock practically has his chin resting on John’s shoulder, and Greg doesn’t think there is but an inch of available space between them. Neither seems tensed by the other’s proximity, though, and in fact they both look like they couldn’t be more at ease. The telly is blaring from the living room with an old episode of Jeremy Kyle, and the women screaming bloody murder at each other on the screen make it impossible to decipher what Sherlock and John are saying; though John is nodding encouragingly with a faint smile, and whatever John says makes Sherlock straighten up and puff his chest out a little with pride.
Whatever will you do without him?”
,” Sherlock says in something close to a whimper, and John automatically feels his body start to respond in turn without his consent, his torso involuntarily twitching up off the bed in a split-second of weakness.
Sherlock observes him stoically for a moment, as if making a decision, and then huffs exasperatedly in lieu of an actual response. He proceeds to pull back the sheets with a deliberate flare, and then he just—
“Gauze, thermometer, gloves,” John rattles off, and the paramedics rush to do his bidding. Sally has the thought that little Dr. Watson in his fuzzy jumpers can be quite commanding when he so decides to be. His presence has changed almost completely, his posture distinctly different. She supposes this is the Captain John Watson that the military knew, not the one that follows Sherlock around like a lost dog. He presses the gauze firmly to a spot on the back of Sherlock’s head, then grabs the wrist of the paramedic standing behind Sherlock and places it there, like a human paperweight. When the thermometer beeps and John pulls it out of Sherlock’s mouth, John curses again, more vehemently this time.
A scoff. “I most certainly do not.”
never—make himself leave 221B, but it would be unbearably difficult to pretend this had never happened if that was how Sherlock wanted it to be. He lifts his stiff neck to peer around the room searchingly. Sherlock no longer lies next to him, and when John’s hand spreads over his side of the bed it’s cold. There is hardly a sound coming from downstairs, so John wonders if Sherlock had run off on a case without telling him, as if it were any other morning. Though not surprising, it might hurt John’s ego a bit if he were to walk downstairs to find the flat empty after the night they had spent together.
She nods again, and feels the silence descend over the car again. She reaches out to turn the radio on, mindful to keep the volume at a comfortable hum of sound. But there’s nothing except commercials playing on the radio, no traffic to distract her attention, and Lestrade determinedly says nothing more for the rest of the ride, the traitor. Inevitably, her gaze roams back to the mirror again. It’s odd, being in a car for so long with Sherlock and not hearing a peep from him. Without his
John is caught off guard when Sherlock shuts him up with a kiss. All thoughts vacate his head except for the repetitive affirmation of,
“R-right, okay. Goodnight, Sherlock.” John turns over on his side, facing away from his flatmate, tries not to let any part of him touch any part of Sherlock. He feels like nothing of this is real, like he's in a trance.
— and oh God, is John crying again? After a moment of stunned stillness, Sherlock shushes him, rubbing wide, slow circles over his back. John clenches his hands in Sherlock's dressing gown, almost frantically.
Sherlock’s eyes are half-closed, and his head seems to tilt loosely forward and backward on his shoulders, like an infant trying to hold its head up. She’s never seen him seeming so...weakened. It’s odd and disconcerting, seeing the overbearing arsehole reduced to this. John pulls back Sherlock’s eyelids, moves the light methodically back and forth over his gaze from a few different angles. He tuts disapprovingly at whatever he finds, but doesn’t seem too overly worried.
happen, then. John doesn’t regret a second of it, except for the fact that it hadn’t happened sooner. He can only desperately hope Sherlock feels the same. Of course John would never—
you,” he insists, tempted to jam a finger into his chest to punctuate his words. “I know how you are. You generally don’t even
dislike of the pompous sod, but as Lestrade drives them the short distance back to the office, she rests her head back against the seat and thinks begrudgingly that maybe Sherlock Holmes is
“But—wait. What?”
want to?” John whispers back, gracelessly avoiding answering. He feels ostensibly like a secondary schooler too afraid to reach out and hold their date’s hand for fear of soul-crushing rejection.
in the detective’s ballpark—and honestly even if Sherlock miraculously
After what feels like a lifetime, they round the corner, all three of them looking particularly worse for wear.  Lestrade totes the handcuffed art thief, yanking harshly on the cuffs as he shoves him into the back of a squad car. Sherlock (who looks practically unconscious) and John are slower in their arrival, both sopping wet, John practically carrying the former as he supports his weight. The paramedics rush over to help, but the doctor brushes off their attempts and instead begins barking orders at them. The squad car holding the thief pulls out, the siren
Casting all other thoughts aside, John allows himself a moment to observe the unique beauty of the man beneath him. Sherlock’s breath is hitching rapidly, ratty t-shirt ridden up to his chest and wrinkled by the indentations of John’s fingers. His pupils are blown wide with arousal, a thin ring of murky blue outlining them. His pink lips are parted and swollen, his cheeks such a mottled shade of red that they almost look bruised, and his long, pale arms are splayed candidly on either side of his body, making him look uncannily like a lustful maiden on the cover of a romance novel. John is aware somewhere in the back of his mind that he has been gazing at him for too long, once again. Sherlock’s expression begins to falter, misinterpreting his expression. He looks immediately rejected, which John thinks is ridiculous. After all, who would reject Sherlock Holmes from their bed? Personal bias aside, John has heard the way people talk, knows acutely the whispers and wandering gazes that follow Sherlock everywhere he goes.
, it did—it
bed, not yours.” John smiles a bit maniacally, wondering if this is yet another dream. If Sherlock will disappear at any moment, never having been there in the first place. He stuffs a hand into the pocket of his sweats, suddenly nervous.
. Hadn’t it? They had both needed the comfort; like how a kid sleeps in their parent's bed during a thunderstorm. To know that they're safe.
“Like this...”  He leans forward, sucks his bottom lip into his mouth, nipping at the soft skin to earn a small gasp. He leans back to find Sherlock’s eyes have slipped shut, lips parted and trying to follow his blindly as he pulls away. Before Sherlock fully registers his absence, he reaches out without hesitance and grabs hold of his cock, pressing a thumb into the base and circling it with enough finesse to make Sherlock’s back arch off of the bed with an indecently loud groan. “
“John?” he asks dubiously, and John doesn’t immediately answer, trying to reel himself out of his admiriational  reverie. Sherlock’s eyes steel themselves and break contact remarkably fast, and he begins to sit up, moving his arms unconsciously to cover his body. John snaps to then, and hastily lowers Sherlock’s arms back to his side, bringing his face closer to his. He blinks at the proximity, but makes no attempts to break away, letting himself be held in place. The fluttering pulse in Sherlock’s wrist and the mussed curls spread out over the pillow threaten to divert his attention again, but he forces himself to look only at Sherlock’s eyes and nothing else; which isn’t much better, honestly.
“And then that night, at the pool,” Sherlock’s hands tighten around his middle where they’d come to rest, voice lower now, more serious.
person” is. He does this sometimes, pretends that he doesn’t know Greg’s name, or calls him some random name starting with a ‘G’. Some popular ones were Gavin, George, and even
over the roof of the car, so she relents, grumbling to herself as she gets in the passenger seat. John loads them into the backseat, and they’re off towards Baker Street. Once the doors are closed and they’re all boxed in, Sally catches a whiff of the wet-dumpster stench of the Thames coming from the back and cracks her window just enough for a few breaths of fresh air so that she doesn’t gag.
He shudders like a frail thing as he sprawls bonelessly on top of him, spent and unbelievably satisfied. Sherlock kisses and licks sweetly, almost like a cat, at the new formed bruises on John’s neck as they ride out their euphoria in waves. Sherlock lazily kisses his shoulder once they've both come down with a gentle push on his chest, and John rolls to his side obligingly in a lovely, post-sex haze. He feels quite content to just listen to the sound of Sherlock’s breathing, slowly easing from labored panting back toward his normal sinus rhythm. Already half-unconscious, John’s eyes struggle open as he feels the bed shift, and he smiles dumbly at the sight of Sherlock before he realizes that he’s trying to sneak out of the bed.
John shakes his head against Sherlock’s shoulder mutely. He doesn’t want to talk about it, doesn’t want to remember it, and he certainly is not in the mood to have Sherlock analytically dissecting a dream that centered around his own horrific death; let alone the added curiosity of why a dream like that had caused John so much more distress than the ones about his own comrades being blown into nothing right in front of his eyes, all that was left of them being a shower of blood raining down on the place they’d just stood.
He rubs his hands soothingly over Sherlock’s spine. “And anyway, if I weren’t here, who would write up all the daft situations we get ourselves into and make you look like a superhero to the internet? It’s not all about you, you tit. People love my blog.”
name. John would be happy if he never had to hear it again.
Before his sleep addled brain can catch up, John is on his feet, propelling himself forward. And then he is wrapped around Sherlock, gripping him tight, as if he's afraid he'll somehow disintegrate if he lets up on his hold. He's here, he's
The scene isn’t incriminating in any way, but there is still a certain intimacy surrounding the whole thing that throws him off. As Greg looks around the flat, it begins to dawn on him. The telly blaring unashamedly, the soft lighting, the window cracked just enough for the sound of the rain to filter on through—John and Sherlock in the middle of it all cooking a meal together, their respective chairs pushed cozily near each other and waiting expectantly for them in the living room next to the crackling flames lit in the grate. The conclusion Greg comes to is almost startling: this isn’t a typical bachelor pad that he has just barged into—this is a full-fledged
Sherlock nods unsteadily, eyes half-lidded. Oh, dammit. With a reluctant sigh, Sally steps forward and makes her presence known by clearing her throat. “D’ya need a lift? The boss won’t mind if you do.”
He presses a palm reverently against Sherlock’s cheek, smiling down at him and letting the love shine through in his gaze, even if he’s too cowardly to voice it just yet. He shakes his head. “Silly man. I like you like
You all know how much I appreciate kudos or the smallest comment, so please don't hesitate. It might encourage me in the daunting task of writing Mycroft's POV next...<3
He usually ignores Harry’s comments on his blog (
Sherlock tenses, though, and John regrets asking. His defenses have gone up. “You have nightmares. Some nights worse than others. This helps, does it not?” His voice is succinct, the hint of an edge in his tone.
Sherlock presses a finger up against the window accusingly, sneering. “Mycroft’s town car has been sitting at the curb for at least the last one minute and thirty-two seconds, and yet he hasn’t climbed his
Sherlock gives him a brief rictus grin, uncrossing his legs to lean forward over his knees. “We both know that I rarely
I don’t have a concussion. Plus, Sherlock hasn’t slept in three days.” He glares at the now-sleeping man huddled in his arms as if he can hear him. “Exhaustion makes the body more vulnerable to things like this, makes the symptoms come on stronger than they normally would.”
“No, don't be,” Sherlock says, and his tone is compassionate in a way John has only ever heard him be with Mrs. Hudson—though it's different, somehow, with him. “Just tell me. I don’t want—” a stuttered, frustrated sigh. “—I don’t want you to hide yourself from me. You know it usually doesn’t work, anyhow.”
Mycroft’s eyes roll extravagantly. Back to being difficult. Back to the real world. “Sherlock—”
Sherlock has trained all of his focus on him, head tilted to the side and eyes roaming rapidly over him with that familiar meticulous voracity. He’s being thoroughly deduced, and John can only hope he won’t be annihilated by whatever Sherlock says next.
“John, mate,” Lestrade calls softly, and Sally turns back around so he doesn’t feel like the spectacle which they are when he wakes. Greg reaches back to nudge the doctor’s knee, and Sherlock groans in protest. Sally sees him snuggle further into John’s neck through the rear view and raises her eyebrows. John comes back to full awareness pretty quickly (army training and all that) and immediately takes stock of his position. He blushes furiously and refuses to look either of them in the eye.
He stops to use their loo before he leaves, and when he comes back out, they are actually washing the dishes together. Sherlock Holmes doing the dishes, and using that pretty, butterfly patterned dishcloth to dry them. Sherlock smirks and says something to John—too lowly for Greg to hear—which makes John shake with repressed laughter. He bumps his hip so harshly into Sherlock’s in retaliation that the detective has to catch himself on the counter before he falls. Lestrade shakes his head at them, albeit fondly, and is not sure exactly what to think.
more human than she had originally thought. Who’d have known?
“Make no mistake,
Before tonight, John might have acted angry, might have shouted indignantly at Sherlock for climbing into his bed, shoved him on the floor and gone back to sleep, muttering about mad hatter flatmates and personal boundaries. But tonight is different. He doesn't think about it for too long. It just is.
, Sherlock. I have done  for awhile now, and I don’t give a toss what anyone else has to say about it. You’re amazing, and you’re beautiful, and you’re absolutely brilliant beyond words. You are what is
in bolded green print. John briefly closes his eyes and takes a breath before reading it.
There is a slight ‘ah’ sound of understanding that comes from Sherlock, and John can feel the vibrations of his voice rumbling deep in his chest from this position. He never could have imagined how oddly comforting the sensation is. “Afghanistan, then?”
“Hm. Clever deduction. Well done, John.” Sherlock is barely holding back a deprecating smirk; John doesn't need to see his face to know it. John shakes his head, can’t believe what he is about to allow himself to do; to sleep in the same bed with Sherlock for a second time—it’s risky—but he can’t help it. And plus, the added benefit that his presence seemed to keep the nightmares at bay is just the icing on the cake.
She sighs and takes a long sip of her tea, gaining a new appreciation for the double-walled insulation that has kept it still steaming for the last two hours. She’d been worried for Lestrade earlier, but she realizes she really hasn’t been sleeping either, lately. Sally thinks of Anderson, of the whirlwind argument they’d been having for nearly a month yet with no end in sight. She slips into a dozy awareness, letting her nerves be soothed by the steady rhythm of the engine. She blinks awake and sits up when the car stops. She glances out the window. They’ve arrived at Baker Street, and it appears their landlady has left the outside light on for them. It casts an eerie shadow on the otherwise dark and vacant street.
“Sister!” Sherlock stood and began walking into the house “There’s always something” John smiled at his retreating figure and continued on working for the rest of the day.
“That git.” But John couldn’t help but smile too.
John shook his head slightly annoyed and continued to talk to Frank.
“No, I’m seeing how long it takes for human flesh to dissolve in acid.” Sherlock’s voice was flat. This was about the time people called him a freak and never talked to him again...for some reason the thought of John not talking to him hurt.
“Dr. Watson what on earth are you doing?” Mrs. Holmes asked and John turned from the tree. “I’m nailing water to a tree to prove your son wrong” Mrs. Holmes looked behind him and sure enough there was a plastic cup full of water nailed to the tree. She smiled shaking her head “William isn’t going to--”
“You already answered that questioned.”
“Yesterday? Sherlock, you haven't talked to me in 2 weeks. 2 fuck- bloody weeks.”
“Who?”
“Sherlock.” I heard a deeper voice grumble, Mrs. Holmes walked into the room
“Was I right?”
The next morning Sherlock woke up and walked slowly around 221B. He deduced based off the light coming through the window that it was around 2 in the afternoon. Sherlock went back to John's room and grabbed the sheet from his bed and wrapped it around himself. Then threw himself down on the couch back in the living room steepling his fingers under his chin. Waiting until John arrived home.
“Yes you did so, I like someone else, of the male specimen, as you put it”
“You didn't ask one”
Sherlock.” John growled softly. Sherlock huffed.
“Wow”
“Interesting.” John nodded somewhat intrigued
“Yeah bring it close to the house we have to fill in the flooring!” John called
were here, as I remember you told me you never wanted to see me again and I respected that wish.” Greg spit out. Mycroft took a step back looking at John.
“What did I get wrong?” Sherlock said getting defensive.
“That's impossible I kissed you yesterday.”
“Well, how can it be scientifically possible for a dead human to somehow manifest itself into a wispy clearish bundle of air just to haunt us living or to ‘avenge’ those who wronged them.”
Sherlock gave him a hard (heh) look. “This is London not America John.” They stared at each other for a while. Neither realized they were leaning closer until John’s eye flickered to Sherlock’s lips and both their mouths collided. One of John’s hands went to Sherlock's right hip and the other caressed his cheek. Sherlock moved so that he was on John’s lap as his arms wrapped around his neck and his legs around his waist.
“Good Afternoon Mrs. Holmes, I just wanted to take a look at the house before I got started if that's okay” John said politely Mrs. Holmes nodded smiling brightly
“I'll blame it on the cabbie...he isn't doing his job anyway” John flashed him a small smile and a wave.
“John it's a normal part of the male and female growing brain-”’
“Yes I know but I don't need to know when and if you have sex dreams about me Sherlock.”
“Much to your distaste Mycroft, I’m not here for you. I’m here to help John and his construction project, how was I to know that
“You must know that, I do not know much about romantic feelings and or have much attachment to people. But you make me feel things that I don't understand but sometimes I like it…sometimes it's warm and fuzzy or due to this ridiculous male mind you appear in my dreams and do things to me that-”
Sherlock said nothing for a while.
“You’re gonna leave?” Sherlock’s voice was small.
“Impossible” Sherlock crossed his arms.
“Your haircut and posture. Your disciplined mannerism, it's quite simple if you know where to look, Your face is tanned but the skin above your wrists is not so it can't be vacation, also it seems that you injured your right leg, you lean more on your left. That says injured in possible combat, so combat and tan, Afghanistan or Iraq. But that's not all you weren’t just a army man, you were an army doctor. Am I right?” John laughed “Brilliant, you were very right” A small shy smile graced Sherlock's lips before it went black and emotionless and he stood abruptly and walked out of the room.
“May I enter?” His voice wavered slightly as if he thought John wouldn’t allow him in.
“No...You can’t leave, I did that so you would stay longer…” Sherlock wrapped his arms around his own waist shrinking into himself.
“Piss off” John smiled and let out a low chuckle.
in this house that has anything powerful enough to do that besides
“That’s quite alright Dr. Watson, I saw it this morning, it’s coming along very nicely, all that needs to be done now is painting the walls and putting down the floor boards, you’ve already finished the kitchen and the study...we will talk payment after you are done with the rest of the painting and floorboards” She smiled turning and going back into the house.
“How the experiment going?” Sherlock closed the door and sat on his bed bringing his knees to his chest staring at John. John sat in his computer chair staring back at him.
“Something burned through my foundation on that wall, and there is
