A few moments later John returned, slightly out of breath, Sherlock didn’t say a word, as he continued to smoke, for he couldn’t remember when he had last felt this overwhelmed, in fact he could never remember being this overwhelmed. John looked flustered as well, as he ran his hands through his hair. “What the heck?” John said aloud as his hands caught at something sticky.
Sherlock sighed. “You are going to tell me anyway, so why bother to ask?”
“Thought of what?” John asked. He was starting to get exhausted just watching Sherlock’s energetic moves.
John laughed. “Sherlock, you are so arrogant, I should find it annoying, but somehow it suits you. Seriously, Sherlock, being caretaker for a partially paralyzed person is a lot of work, and I just don’t see how…” John’s voice trailed off for Sherlock was across the room in an instant, making John blink at the almost supernatural speed at which Sherlock ended up by his side. Sherlock stared at John’s thin lips obsessively for a few moments as he took in every detail, the way they rested, the top portion slightly over bottom ,the way John sucked the lower corner of his lip in just enough to detract  but not diminish its size.  Slowly, he leaned forward and kissed John lightly on the lips.
Sherlock looked bewildered as he walked across the room to where John sat, “John, I think you are having a reaction to the shampoo you’re using. Next time we wash your hair, I should use something with a tea tree base. Yes, yes that should do it.” Sherlock said in triumph as he smiled at John.
In spite of myself I smile at my two angels. “Come on Sherlock, join us.” Mary shouts as she lays down in the snow and moves her arms back and forth to make circular wings. You lie next to her and do the same. For a moment the world seems magical-tranquil-peaceful like the domed fantasy atmosphere of a snow globe. Then you stand up and beckon to me.
~ 510–540 THz Frequency Interval
“But John, I’m not dead.”
Sherlock nodded, “Nina wouldn’t like it either. So, I guess that’s it,” he said, as he and John parted.
Sherlock looked at her, then pushed past. “I’m going to him. He needs me. We’ll need our privacy.”
Wiggins opened his mouth to say something, then snapped it shut, mumbling to himself while he walked down the gravel path to the front door. Once inside he whistled, then said, “Wow.”
He walks towards me, then gives me a hug. My chest impacts against his and the world sways. I am falling. “Someone get an EMT over here now.” I close my eyes and the dragon rests.
I hear voices. “I know they came in here. I can’t see a thing, bloody drug addicts.”
“You’re off your bloody nut, you are, but okay.”
John fingered the silken ropes as he leaned back against Sherlock’s chest. “Sherlock, this is quite a clever contraption. I feel certain that it must have more than one use.”
Sherlock was so pent up with nervous energy that all he could do was pace. A crying baby caught his attention and he stopped, glared at it, then resumed his pacing.
Mycroft didn’t reply as scores of men in black propelled down the canyon walls like spiders. The men were armed with semi-automatics and Mycroft motioned for the party to proceed forward so that the helicopters could land.
The Suite from Prokofiev’s Romeo and Juliet blares through the flat. I lay on my back, my legs spread open, while you both feast on my naked body. I am your sacrifice, burnt on the pyre of your warm lips and spearing tongues. My aural senses are gorged with the smacking sounds of flesh against flesh—licking and swallowing me whole. I raise my hips up to meet my oral benefactors, showering them with my release.
“A mission that was not meant for you little brother,” Mycroft says as he steps into the room. “Did you honestly think you could make a move without me?”
Mycroft shone a flashlight into each pile of rags and the hairs on the back of John’s neck stood on end every time a hollow eyed addict stared back at them. Then the beam shone across a familiar figure. “There,” John whispered, pointing.
Once they were settled into their respective hotel rooms, Sherlock ran a warm bath for John to soak in, thinking it ironic that he was taking care of someone instead of the other way around. Hearing John splash around in the water brought a smile to his face. John.
After loading John into the wheelchair Sherlock pushed him back to their cabin, pausing outside the ballroom where couples danced hand in hand and he couldn’t help but remember when he and John had danced in each other’s arms on the last cruise they had taken.
John looks over at Mycroft, “Mycroft, are the cuffs really necessary?”
Mycroft smiles. “Just wait for the briefing.”
Sherlock watched in fascination as John sucked at the trickle of black blood that dripped down his thumb. “John, does your blood still taste the same?” Sherlock asked curiously.
“I say, it is you Watson, old boy, how are you?” Without waiting for an answer he carried on, “I say, I heard about your accident, bloody awful business that but on the upside I heard you got married to Sherlock Holmes, so I supposed congratulations are in order. I must say it came as a surprise you marrying, a man that is, for I hadn’t the foggiest notion that you were gay.”
“Fine, Doctor Shaw wants to see you.”
Sherlock felt a cold fear seize him as John grew paler by the minute. “John, don’t speak, you are wasting your energy. Clare went to get a healer; she should be here any second, so hang on John, please.”
2 Years Later-After Sherlock is brought back to solve the Moriarty screen reappearance…
Back in his cabin, John looked through his clothing to pick out what he was going to wear for the game that night, pausing only to hold one of Sherlock’s shirts to his face as he breathed in Sherlock’s faint scent upon its fibers. A light tap on the door made John jump and the shirt fluttered to the ground as he wheeled over to the door, and asked who it was.
John laughed. “Sherlock, I don’t need to eat anymore. I am a Claymore and God I am invincible.” John shouted as he bounced around the room.
John frowned as Sherlock trudged towards him; he looked so cold and exhausted. “We need to stop for a rest. I’m getting tired,” John lied. There was no cave and John had to dig out a shelter from the ice. Sherlock made a few attempts to assist but John waved him off. “Thank you, Sherlock, but I can work better alone,” John said as he stretched a tarp over the dugout he had carved out of the ice. John piled two blankets on top of each other for Sherlock and for himself John put down a thin sheet of canvas. John turned around to get Sherlock and swore when he saw Sherlock lying curled up in the snow. John rushed over to where Sherlock lay and softly patted him on the cheek with a gloved hand. “Sherlock, come on, wake up.” John said firmly.
“I’ve only done this…this once,” I say desperate to distract you.
“John, what happened? Are you alright?” Sherlock checked John for injuries, hoping that John found his response appropriate.
John looked up at Sherlock with sleepy bedroom eyes as he said, “Don’t worry Sherlock. Everything will be fine.”
My skin instantly becomes warm as you dearest John wrap one arm and then another around my waist. You take my hand and lead me to the bed.  I lay back and let you both explore me. Like the goddess Shiva, multiple hands and fingers stroke me. I am afraid and aroused at the same time. “I love you, Sherlock and so does Mary. Will you let us love you?” You whisper.
“Just give it to me,” Anderson demands.
Mycroft sighed, shivering when he glanced at the hearth. “Yes.”
I open my eyes. I lay in your arms. Your hair is plastered to your forehead in sweaty mats. “Sherlock, it’s okay just take deep breaths,” you say as you stroke my face.
Laura smiled as she said, “I want you to help me find the jewel of Bastet.”
Sherlock sat down on the ground, knowing he was going to pass out any second. “You’re a proper genius you are.” Then his eyes fluttered shut.
John looked at Sherlock in dismay for how could he expect Sherlock to tote a cripple around town.
John licked his lips and took Sherlock’s ice cold one in his own, “Sherlock, just because I’m in a wheelchair doesn’t mean that I’m not…well you know…functional. I mean I can have intimate…relations.”
Sherlock smirked. “I have my own funds.”
“The woman,” Sherlock whispered as he stared past John and Mycroft.
Mycroft looked at him as if he were a small child. “No, it isn’t. Although he’s been clean a long time, so I guess we should take comfort in that.”
Sherlock watched John as he gathered up the last of his supplies that he would need for their tracking of the Golem. John’s body quivered with excitement at the prospect. He reminded Sherlock of a dog before the hunt. John turned around and smiled at Sherlock his eyes full of life and love. Sherlock swallowed and looked down at the ground. John’s love for him was a mystery that Sherlock would never be able to fathom. In his entire life Sherlock had never felt so strong and confidant. The flip side was that Sherlock had never felt so afraid; it was a type of fear that threatened to consume him at the thought of anything happening to John.
I lay back against the pillows desperate to feel you inside me. “Yes, John please….”
I raise up. “In case you haven’t noticed there are two other people in the room. How come everyone always blames me when something untoward occurs?”
Sherlock looked panic stricken for neither of them had thought about how the logistics in that department were going to work. John wheeled over to Sherlock and said, “It’s alright, Sherlock, just wheel me to the restroom and help me out of the chair and then I’ll tell you when I’m done.”
John thought when he released the lever that would lower his twisted spine to a place where he could penetrate Sherlock.
At the words severed head, Sherlock looked up with interest and then sighed, “Please, leave.”
Anderson nods. “So, do you eat chicken and fish?”
Without another word Sherlock’s deft hands found their intended target in the folds of John’s robe. John’s body trembled as he looked up at the full moon and the stars above them.  “Well, if we’ve got to go, we’ve got to go,” John said as he leaned back against Sherlock.
Without a word Sherlock walked over to John and rummaged through his jacket pocket. He sucked in a long breath as he held up a near empty bottle. “John, you’re pain meds are almost gone. Didn’t you just refill this?”
Then he entered the room where John lay and smiled. John returned his smile and if someone would have asked him at that very moment what heavenly body the earth revolved around, he would have to answer, John, John Hamish Watson.
I see the concern in your face. I smile as I dig in deep with a verbal thrust. “Sod off, John, I’m going out. Don’t wait up.” The hurt in your eyes makes me smirk.
John gripped Sherlock’s hand tighter. “Sherlock, don’t say that, for none of us knows what sorts of tragedies will befall us.”
After a few moments of gasping for air, Sherlock stood up and pulled a gun from his waistband and pointed it at each individual that threatened the monster’s well-being. “Get back all of you, I will shoot whoever tries to harm him. Do not test my resolve,” Sherlock said through clenched teeth as Lestrade edged closer. After all the parties had backed away from the demon, Sherlock knelt down by its side, “John, it’s okay I won’t let anything harm you,” Sherlock crooned to the demon and then he paused, reached out and took its claw in his hand.
“Would you lie for me?” I ask, my voice low, full of lust.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed as he stared at Mycroft. “Baker Street is not set up for guests. Besides it will be much too noisy.”
John laughed, “Come on, get me out of here.” When Sherlock rose up from the bath, John swallowed for he truly looked beautiful, the water running down his white thighs, catching in places here and there until John’s hands shook with desire for his Greek water god.
“Oh god yes,” John breathed, letting his last word of coherence fade into a moan.
Sherlock’s hand shook slightly as he read John’s letter to him:
Then John took Sherlock in his arms and cradled him, ignoring the pain when a piece of concrete upset his balance, jarring his hip. Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open and he looked up. “Have you come for me?” he whispered.
Hugh reached up and took a swallow from his drink and then continued on. “Well, this guy came out of the darkness and pulled a knife on me. We struggled. I managed to get the knife away from him, but as he backed away from me he slipped and hit his head on the curb. I checked his pulse, but he was dead. I was about to call 911, when a black limo pulled up. I had met Laura the previous evening and I was surprised to see her as she emerged from the limo. She offered to make it all go away. Though it was not the wisest choice I was drun..., well incapacitated and true to her word Laura made it all go away. However, now I’m in debt to her and since there are no statutes of limitation on murder, it seems that I am hers.”
A drip from the faucet claims my attention. I listen to it obsessively for a few moments before I decide to go out. The noise of the city consumes me and I am happier for it. I make contact with an old acquaintance. Shadows grow into human form as I make my deal with the devil. I give money for a package. A package with a needle. A package that will take the pain away. “Hello darkness my old friend,” I whisper as I plunge the needle into my vein.
He then lifted John out of the tub and into the chair, drying him off with a towel, then rubbing lotion into his skin. John looked up at him while he worked.
You put one hand over your face. “Oh god, Sherlock, you really don’t have a clue, do you?”
“You wanted to keep him safe or yourself?”
He stepped towards the drawers that contained the lifeless corpses of the once living. “Drawers of death,” Sherlock thought as he stepped forward.
Annette walks over and opens a drawer. She takes out a watch and hands it to me. It’s a Rolex and it’s genuine. “There’s one just like it in the room of the other worker.” I pace looking, sniffing and then I see it. A tiny scuff mark against the wall and I smile. “I’ll take the case, under one condition. I will need to go undercover as one of your sex workers.”
Mrs. Hudson eyed Sherlock, John and Clare as they ate their biscuits and drank their tea. Sherlock walked stiffly across the room to put some more hot water on for the tea kettle, and as he limped past Mrs. Hudson she whispered. “Sherlock, you and John have to be a little quieter in your night time games. I thought for sure someone was going to call the police. You are so naughty. I would spank you, but is appears you have enough of that already.”  Mrs. Hudson scolded as smiled fondly at Sherlock.
When they reached the house, Wiggins whistled. “Wow, is this what you call a small country home? It’s huge. I’m going to be bloody rich when you die.”
Sherlock took off his clothes, then slipped back into bed. “John, I’m here. You can smell me, taste me, I’m yours, plus I smoked some weed and you know how horny that makes me.”
“Umm, just as I said,” I state in a haughty tone as I walk down the hall to the bathroom. Anderson follows me and then runs into me when I stop abruptly. For some reason I want to rub my bum across his crotch until it hardens. I stop just short of this with my hand on the door knob. “Are you coming?” I ask in a teasing voice.
“John, you look wonderful? How are you?” Sharon asked in an attempt to hide her excitement at seeing him again.
Lestrade exits the room and Anderson and I are alone at the crime scene. We both stare at each other, as if seeing each other for the first time. I clear my throat. “Umm, thanks for working with me, Anderson.”
“Mary Morstan, was a nurse John dated after I was dead, well, fake-dead. They went on three or four dates and then she quit her job and disappeared.”
They sat down at the tea table and after a few sips of tea Sherlock restlessly got up and announced that he was going to look in on the neighbor. Sherlock’s grandma nodded and John fidgeted in his chair, unsure of what to say. His eyes rested on a landscape painting on the wall and he commented, “Why that painting is so lovely. Did you paint it?”
John had long since stopped playing a role, as he said, “I’m not.”
“There were three horseman and the horses were Red, Black, and a type of Pale horse.” The scout replied in a trembling voice.
He nodded, grasping Sherlock’s slender fingers in a tight clasp, then he stopped and smiled. “Sherlock, you look so real. I could swear you are with me.”
Laura leaned back in satisfaction and lit a cigarette, “You will have to get close to her and then once that is achieved you will need to drug her or something and then take the necklace.”
For a moment there was an empty, dark silence and the only sound was that of the dragon’s labored breathing.  John shrugged his shoulders again. “I suppose that’s where the sacrifice comes in. Anyway we don’t really have a choice, so what does it matter. We can’t just let these freakish creatures run rampart through London, now can we?” John quickly looked over at Clare. “Not you of course.  You are a lovely companion.”
Sherlock chuckled as several patrons turned to stare at him, “Marco, which one did you sell?”
“What is it?” John asked.
Sherlock and John had made love several different times that night, “Each time had been more exquisite and unique,” Sherlock thought as he smoked a cigarette, looked out the window and watched Clare and John train together. John thrust and parried, until Clare’s arm began to tire. “My God, he is magnificent-strong. There is no sign of vulnerability about him here. Other than losing me nothing seems to scare him,” Sherlock thought, as he turned away from the window. He was exhausted and yet did not want to rest, as John had suggested earlier. Sherlock curled up on the bed in the fetal position and covered himself with a blanket. “God, I need something stronger than a cigarette. I wonder what sort of recreational drugs they have here,” Sherlock thought as he burrowed further under the covers. He fought sleep for a few moments and then Sherlock ceased to struggle, as his eye lids became heavy he drifted off into a deep slumber.
I hold on to the door jam, then slide around the corner. I look at Anderson.
I wave you off pretending to look through a microscope that I have set up in the kitchen. “Take your time, whatever.”
John sat listening to “St. James Infirmary,” and as Hugh Laurie belted out the sad, seductive words, John couldn’t help thinking of a particular nasty autopsy he had performed while in medical school. It had been a supposedly accidental death, but John wasn’t convinced and so subsequently was haunted by the cold, white body of the woman that lay on the slab, for John’s findings were ignored due to the fact he was just a student. “Sherlock could have solved it,” John thought as he inwardly sighed.
“What makes you say that?”
I nod my head for you to proceed. Your gloved hand applies the lubricant, then I hear you unwrapping the suppository. You then speak to me softly, “Sherlock, I’m going to slip it in now. Just relax, it shouldn’t hurt.”
Sherlock’s pupils were dilated and his heart beat fast, only calming when he noticed John’s anxious face peering into his own. Without a word he nodded to John, then maneuvered himself to an upright position. With a bored look he said, “Well, here’s the key. What next?”
Century. When the portal opened up between our worlds the Golem and Clare came into our world and Rathery’s mate when into theirs. Poor baby,” John crooned as he softly patted her side. She was a magnificent creature and even in the small pool of light from their flashlights her green iridescent scales glowed. Her large purple eyes regarded each of them in turn, until they finally rested once more on John. John’s eyes mirrored her sadness as he looked back at Sherlock and spoke softly. “We have to help her. She will die without her mate.”
He glared at Mycroft. “John, is not a plaything. He’s family. He means everything to me.”
Jake cursed as he stumbled over yet another snowy rock formation. “This ice is so slippery,” Jake complained as he made his way to where Rathery and Clare waited for him.
I’m not sure what to say so I begin to pace. “Is there anything I can get you?”
“My brain is always on overdrive. If I rest, I’ll die. You know I am at my best when I am working.”
John shook his head and then attempted to soothe Sherlock with his tone of voice, “Sherlock, I can’t run you know that. Come on help me get dressed. It’s alright I am sure this is just some sort of misunderstanding.”
“You aren’t going to move out, are you?”
Something about Anderson sets me on edge. I shake my head to clear it and then head to the crime scene. The body is male, approximately 40 years of age. His throat has been slit but it is his big toe that I want to see or rather the space where it once resided. A deep socket stares back at me. I look at Lestrade. “Where is the big toe?” I ask.
“Dan, I want you to meet a friend of mine.” I gesture towards Molly. “This is Molly, she’s a …. Well, it doesn’t really matter what she does. She’s quite attractive, isn’t she?”
“Casablanca, of course I should I have thought of it sooner,” Sherlock whispered.
Sherlock paused to memorize the way John looked as he lay back. His lips were full, flushed, moist and quivering. His hair congregated in sweaty curls behind his ears, as his chest heaved up and down to control his breathing. His hands as his fingers fisted the sheets, but most of all Sherlock memorized the contorted features of John’s face as he let Sherlock be his guide through every erogenous spot on his body.
Sherlock pulled his coat around him. Even though his eyes were glazed over he had enough sense to let John help him out of the cab.
Two Weeks Later
John looked confused. “A danger night?”
He doesn’t know that I dread the day that they will heal and fade. “It’s okay,” I reply.
John nodded, his mouth dry and his throat constricted. “This isn’t the first time, then?”
Sherlock laughed, marveling at how John could diffuse the awkwardness of any given situation. “John, who was that woman you were talking to at dinner?”
I dig my heels into the sheet so that I can focus on my words. “What do you want to try, John Hamish Watson?”
Sherlock put is fingers together and rested his chin on them. “No, I’ve driven by it several times, but I can’t remember it.”
“John, let’s talk about something else. How is your blog going?”
“Casablanca, John, the game’s afoot. Now get ready for we are going to catch our quarry Come on let’s make haste,” Sherlock said as he bounded over to John.
John felt cold and lonely and so he went into the bar to have a drink. As John sat down at the bar, he ordered a Scotch and Soda and was surprised when the bartender put a Scotch and Soda in front of him and then sat another identical drink next to him. John was about to tell the bartender that he only wanted one drink, when Sherlock sat down next to him. He looked at John and smirked, “Well, so much for us not meeting again.”
Sherlock grimaced. “You’re an idiot. Why should I tell you?”
Sherlock grinned when he left, then concentrated on setting up a first-rate lab. On one table, lay clear lab equipment, on the other lay black lab equipment. “So, why the two different colors?” Wiggins asked.
I scowl. “Let’s just get home. I tired.”
I look into your eyes and nod.
“I want to see the patient.”
John held up his hand for the party to stop, “We need to rest awhile,” he said as he sat down next to the dragon. Everyone collapsed to the ground and began to rummage around in their backpacks for food and water. As Sherlock took out a thermos of water, he uneasily eyed the dragon. What or who was she going to eat? John laughed at Sherlock’s expression. “Don’t worry, Sherlock, Ratherty is a vegetarian and she only eats once a month.” John said as he patted the creature affectionately. Sherlock and crunched on some trail mix. For a moment the only sound in the caves was the crunching of everyone eating. Suddenly, John and Clare sat forward. “SSHH, listen,” John commanded. For a moment there was only silence, and then Sherlock heard it. Slide, thump, slide thump, Sherlock felt he had heard the sound before but couldn’t quite place it.
“Nope, Mycroft had them waterboarded, then tossed into the woods for the wolves to eat.”
I gasp in shock when the helmet comes off. It is Anderson, but not the Anderson I know. This Anderson is dressed all in black, the hair that once hung around his face is now pulled back in a ponytail, his beard his trimmed, showing off a set of cheekbones to rival my own.
Sherlock looked around him misery. What a dismal place this was. The mountains were rounded and covered with fog like some ancient Japanese painting. The terrain was rocky, but not rough as the stones were as smooth as marble. The air was moist and filled with some kind of peaty smell. Sherlock sneezed. “This place is bloody awful; I hope we find that dragon soon.” Sherlock growled softly.  For some reason he felt that he was in a cathedral and that his voice should be muted.
My face reddens as I slither under the yellow slick ribbon. For a moment I think of the case that you and I first worked on together. Anderson stands before me in the same blue, garb you wore that night. The soft color brings out his eyes. He is not all together unattractive but he is not you. I miss you John. I am so immersed in my own thoughts that I don’t see a dip in the pavement. I hit the ground hard.
After a few moments you pull away. “Are you sure?” You ask.
Clare’s breath was coming out in gasps as she attempted to stop John. “Sherlock, I am going to have to kill him. He is only going to get stronger. Can’t you see?”
I shrink within myself. “No,” I reply and then turn my attention away from her. After a few moments she gives up and I am alone.
When Sherlock finally spoke, John nearly jumped out of his skin. “John,” Sherlock whispered. “I think you need to readjust the bandage, it is bothering me.
“John, are you okay?” Sharon asked as she wheeled John through the airport and to a waiting cab.
“Fine, but first some music, Haydn’s Cello Concerto in D, the slow movement.”
John was too preoccupied by swallowing to answer. Sherlock pulsed in his mouth, until it was full, then lay back panting.
“Sherlock, why don’t I just stay here?” John gasped as he readjusted himself.
“Sherlock, Sherlock, talk to me what is it?” You ask in your sweet nasal voice.
John’s head was still spinning from the turn of events that evening, “Sherlock, how could we possible get a civil union ceremony performed so quickly?”
I take a deep breath when I look down at his bruised white skin. He is not a corpse. Why did I beat him so? I struggle to maintain control. “I will do it.” I answer.
“I want you to promise me that you will take care of John in case something happens to me.” Her eyes search mine.
I pause, listening to your breath, you are breathing from your mouth. I love the sound of it, the way it sucks in with a slight whistle, then exhales in a short puff. “John, I’m not coming home. I have work to do.”
Sherlock nodded curtly and then drew in a deep breath as he looked at John with the cardigan draped around his shoulders. “You know I painted you like that once, the Gallery owner said it was my best work. I thought I would never part with it, but a young man came in and wanted to buy it, he had no money, so I told the owner to give it to him. Besides he was he was…in a …in a …oh Jesus no,” Sherlock whispered as he made his way to John’s bedroom and threw open the door. There on the wall the painting hung, the angelic face of John wearing the cardigan as an ethereal light shone in his eyes-the eyes of an angel-his angel-John.
A slight jolt of turbulence shook John awake, his head bumping against Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock opened his eyes, looking down at John in tenderness. The glance between them held, then Sherlock blinked, becoming all business once more. He looked down at his watch. “We should be landing soon. Time for battle.”
“Oh Sherlock, he looks so bad.”
The drug I have infused into my vein backfires on me. The cozy feeling has been replaced by fear and anxiety. “What if John, doesn’t come back?” I think. I race up to our room in a blind panic. I am sweating. My collarbone is throbbing. But those things are nothing compared to the anxiety that grips me when I see you’ve moved your things out of our bedroom. “What if he moves out altogether?” I think as I sit down on the bed and rock. It’s been around 8 hours since I last used. My bottom lip sticks out. “I’m not an addict,” I whisper aloud.
Sherlock sniffed. “I never told him. John, I was ashamed. For many years I felt sure I must have done something to deserve it.”
When John woke up Sherlock was gone, no note nothing, just the faint smell of him on the sheets and John was reluctant to take a shower for he could still smell Sherlock’s scent on his skin. After a long, lonely shower and a room service dinner, John wheeled himself out on the deck, thinking that the company of other people would cheer him. He was wrong, for their happy bantering, only made John feel lonelier. John sighed and wheeled himself over to a dimly lit part of the deck. The salt in the cold sea air bit at his skin, making John wish that he had put on a pair of gloves before venturing out. He brushed a sea frizzed strand of hair out of his eyes and was just about to head back to the cabin when he heard low voices arguing. Though he couldn’t make out what they were saying, their tone was definitely agitated. Silently, wheeling forward, thankful that Sherlock had oiled away the annoying squeak from the chair’s wheels, John rolled closer to the voices.
You are holding me tighter. “How can you be sure?” You ask as you kiss my forehead.
Sherlock heard the sirens, wondering whom they’d come for.
“Sherlock, what are you doing here and how did you get in?” He asks, then rubs his eyes in slow motion, wrought with fatigue.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock, it’s all my fault that we are running behind. You would have made better time alone, not to mention the strain on the horse.” John said as he patted the horse’s warm, sweaty neck.
You sigh, “For now yes. When you’ve recovered, and start sleuthing again I’ll have to revisit the issue.”
Sherlock smiled, taking a syringe out of his pocket. He held it up to the light, entranced by its gold colored contents. “Trust me I made this myself. With your help and the help of my chemical concoction I will remember anything and everything you suggest.”
“John, what are you waiting for? I’m really starting to feel uncomfortable.” Sherlock gasped, as he forced himself up against the head board of the bed.
A small scratching sound at the door made Sherlock stop musing in his mind palace and he sighed in irritation as he got up to see what it was. As soon as Sherlock left the bed John was instantly awake. “Sherlock, what is it?” John asked as Sherlock opened the door. “Uh, Sherlock, you’re naked. Don’t you think you should put something on?”
The first painting was an abstract, all the colors were dark, the brush strokes violent and even though John couldn’t make out a specific person or place, the painting was full of anger and sadness. Noting John’s expression, Sherlock spoke, “That one was done after I thought you had stood me up and I’m pretty sure I was drunk.”
“Shut up, Wiggins.”
John smiled at Sherlock and shook his head. “Come on pervert, back to work.”
Mycroft sighs. “He will come back to Baker Street. However, brother dear I wouldn’t take him for granted. There is only so much the human heart can take.”
“Hush,” Sherlock ordered, his eyes fixated on the burgeoning prize between John’s legs. John closed his eyes as Sherlock pushed his knees open and then back. In the background John could hear Hugh singing, “Can’t Help Falling in Love,” in front of him the sounds of Sherlock’s slurping dominated the area in the small stall. Sherlock stopped for a moment, looked up at John, his lips were red and swollen, the area around his mouth glistened with moisture. “John, hold still, you know it’s all about the work for me and God knows I love my work.”
“Come on, it’s not safe to talk here,” the woman said quietly.
Sherlock nodded and then with the grace of a dancer settled himself behind John. He then checked John’s harness that he had fashioned for horseback riding, to make sure John was safety buckled in.
Laura rolled her eyes, “John, don’t worry it is just a formality there will be no bloodletting or sacrificing a goat.”
Irene smiled. “John, I am not as cruel as you would think. For I don’t have the key. Sherlock does. It’s all in his mind palace. You see he was the last person to see it. He just doesn’t remember.”
You look at me. “Oh, yes it has. I haven’t beaten you to a jelly yet, have I?”
Mycroft handed him a handkerchief. “Hold this to your nose; it helps.”
John felt as if someone had sucked all the air out of his body, “Oh my God, no..Sherlock. Sherlock…” He whispered as Sherlock’s whispered name went from his warm mouth and then faded away in a cold cloud of fog.
John sighed. “Fine, I’ll be back later.”
“I’m going out. Do you need anything?” John asked. His voice sounded weary with a hint of worry.
I want to shrink within myself. This is all my fault.
By the time they reached shelter, Sherlock was cold wet and exhausted.  The shelter was a Japanese style house and Sherlock groaned inwardly,” Great, just what I wanted to do is sleep on the floor. Oh well, maybe they have beds in Clare’s world.” Sherlock looked at the floor in the room he and John would share and he sighed when he saw the little futons on the ground. Jake and Clare roomed with two other guests, Jake with a male guest and Clare with a female guest and Ratherty stayed outside in a nearby cave.
John kissed the tears that poured down Sherlock’s face and began to caress his chest and stomach. John didn’t want to be too rough with Sherlock after such a revelation and he was hesitant to touch him. Sherlock smiled and took John’s hand. John’s hand was shaking as Sherlock placed it in between his legs. John had never had such an intense sexual experience has he and Sherlock took each over and over. However, as much as the physical intimacy drew them together, it was the emotional bond that fused their souls as one. That night for better or worse Sherlock and John formed a bond that couldn’t be broken by anything on heaven or earth.
Sherlock knew that John was not himself and that he should precede with caution, yet Sherlock craved anything new.  “New, God new was wonderful,” Sherlock thought as he gave John the go ahead.
I enter the room to find you taking his pulse. “We’ve got to call an ambulance. His pulse is thin and rapid.”
“Sherlock, is that you?” John called out, as the music played on. There was no answer and then the violinist started playing, “Oh Mio Babbino Caro.”  “This must be some attempt at seduction by Sherlock. “John thought and then sighed, “Well, it’s working.” He thought in content as the notes washed over him. Then the violin music faded away. John had wheeled himself into a corner, thinking that perhaps the whole thing had been a ruse brought about by Sherlock and he smiled fondly, “Sherlock, what a nut.” He thought. Then another song played over the waves of the rising storm. “The House of the Rising Sun,” sung by the Animals.
The young man turned around and scowled at Laura, “What is it puss?”
John frowned, sucked in his lower lip and then turned to leave. He then looked back at me and said, “How does it feel to be teased, Sherlock?”
I speak first. “John, Mary is…”
Sherlock’s teeth were chattering together, but it wasn’t from the cold.
Sherlock was already starting to feel his groin harden. “Yes, John come on take me now.” Sherlock whimpered.
The expression in your eyes hardens as you open my coat to reveal my dark prostitute attire; your eyes linger on my fishnet shirt, then your gaze moves down to my leather pants. They are very tight. There is little left to the imagination. You suck in a small gasp of air. “What’s the matter John?” I ask as you examine a nasty looking bruise on my left side. I then decide to play you. “Ouch,” I cry out as you put some experimental pressure on the bruise.
Sherlock thought for a moment, then took another deep breath and nodded. “Ah, I see. So, it’s revenge she’s after?”
Sherlock grabbed the bottle away from him. “Where did you get that?”
Sherlock nodded, then jumped up out of the chair, swaying a little. He pressed his hands against the side of his face. “I have to go.”
Relief softens the furrows in your brow. “Okay, good. I’ll get you another case I promise.” You voice pleads with me to understand.
Sherlock sniffed and then picked up John as if he weighed nothing, “John, I put bubbles in the water and also a rubber ducky.”
Laura smiled. “All in good time, my pet. Irene as you know is very persuasive. She needs protection and has decided to buy it at my expense.” Laura looked pensive for a moment or two and then patted Sherlock on the knee. “Don’t you worry my pet. As soon as the key is turned over to Irene my secret will be safe and then I will operate on John. “She then got up and walked across the plane to where John sat. Laura gave Sherlock a pointed look and then kissed John. She devoured his lower lip and then released it with a wet plopping sound.
“That was what I was going to do and you went behind my back and gave a rotor cipher to a psychopath. You’re a hypocrite Sherlock Holmes, that’s what you are.”
Anderson lays at my feet, blood pouring from a gash in his abdomen. He is going to bleed out.
After they left the room, Doctor Shaw looked at him. “So, John thinks you are a figment of his imagination—a ghost?
Lestrade shifts in the chair next to us. “Oh nice. I’m going to leave you two to sort this out, call me when you hear news.”
Clare didn’t blink as she stared back at John. “John, you are a Doctor. You have always been able to smell human blood. That is partly what influenced you to become a Doctor in the first place. Your contact with me has enhanced this ability. I will explain later when we are alone. Lieutenant Lestrade is coming over.”
John laughed and said, “Sherlock, don’t worry about the room, its fine. What I really need to do is pee.”
“I have to take Alice for an appointment. I’m giving you Anderson’s pain pills. Whatever you do don’t let them out of your sight. He took one last night. I’m afraid this whole situation has taken a toll on him.”
John wheeled over and snatched the bottle out of Sherlock’s hand. “I’m fine. I’m the Doctor, remember?”
You help me in the limo, wincing when you feel the bones under my shirt. I slide into the seat. I know better than to try and escape, Mycroft has activated the child locks on the doors. They slam down like a prison door, I am trapped. The drive is a short one. The limo stops in front of a modern looking building. They have tried to disguise its purpose with landscaping, but I know better. It is a rehab center. Though I try to remain calm you dear John can see the panic in my eyes. “John, help me.”
My body tightens as Anderson holds me. “I need another fix,” I gasp as the muscles in my neck feel as if they are going to snap.
John wanted to say, “No, I was just about to go bungee jumping.” Instead all he said was, “Yes, thank you.” Then like a helpless infant John let himself be wheeled up the ramp and into the van. The ride home made John feel like he was in a snow globe looking out, his own world a transparent imitation of the world he observed through the fogged over windows of the van. Soon the van was pulling up to the curb in front of his flat, another ride down the van ramp and another ride up the ramp to his flat, then after a few moments of John fumbling for his flat keys, the young man wheeled him inside. The flat was cold and John shivered as he rolled over and turned on the lights, a small Christmas Tree that his neighbor had put in the corner of the room, winked pathetically at John as he rolled over and switched on the multi-colored lights. John then let the young man settle him on the couch, and then he wheeled the chair on the other side of the couch, so that John could easily reach it, but so that he wouldn’t have to look at it.
“Oy, because you bloody jumped off a roof in front of him. Well, at least we know he moved on. After all you’re not a very reliable friend or lover, are you?”
“Avoid judgements, Sherlock, tell me what happened next?”
“That noise, what is it? Jesus, it’s deafening. I should know it. I do know it, don’t I? Ah, yes it is a siren, an ambulance. Good show, John, your resuscitation attempts must have been successful. I’m cold. John, I’m so cold. But you can’t hear me can you?”
“I want to lean into you, but I don’t. Instead I rattle my handcuff, making it slide back and forth with such force that you beg me to stop.”
Sherlock looked down at John. The gurney washed out the features of his face, only his eyes seemed alive. “Sherlock, everything is going to be alright.”
Sherlock smiled triumphantly as he pulled a jade necklace out of his pocket, “What about this?”
I maneuver around her. “I’m going out,” I say as I leave her, slamming the door on the way out. The only thing that keeps me from haunting my den of iniquity is a text from Lestrade. It reads: dead body found on Market Street, missing big toe. Come at once, I need you.
You both work your way down my body. Anderson takes your lead and I find myself whimpering like a helpless animal caught in a trap. I reach down between my legs. You move my hand away. “I want you to last, so no touching.”
Mrs. Hudson stood at the top of the steps. “Sherlock, how is he?”
I slip on my robe and walk into the main room. You have just thrown down the phone and have put your face in your hands. “Oh, John,” Mrs. Hudson says as she wraps her arms around you. I back away tears are not my territory.
John looked around in confusion, “Where am I?” He thought as he rolled out of the street, narrowly avoiding a tank as it bore down on him and as he gazed around him John realized where he was he was home in London. Ignoring the panicked cries of the people that ran down the street, John made his way to 221b Baker Street.
John frowned. “Why would I be a target? I am a cripple. I have no money.”
We approach the front of the club. Anderson takes my hand and leads me around back. “I know you wouldn’t want to be seen with me so I arranged for us to go through the side door.” Anderson says smiling sideways at me. I blush, feeling the heat of his words.
She laughed and stuck her hand down Sherlock’s pants. “You are so white like ivory, except for one thing, you know?”
Lestrade takes a sip of his coffee. “Let’s just wait for the Doctor, shall we?”
Sherlock sat up straighter, “Actually, I think Mrs. Hudson might surprise us all and do quite well.”
Mrs. Hudson looks pensive. “Yes, he does take a bit of getting used to.”
Sherlock sighed as he went out to find a guide. If John wanted a moonlit ride to Petra, he was going to get it.
John spent a few more moments conferring with the dragon and then he turned and addressed the small party. “We are going to have to go into Clare’s world. Once there we need to make a sacrifice and shatter the Ice Oracle. Apparently the Oracle is a magical oracle from earth’s past that was used to destroy the dinosaurs. It also acts as a portal between both of our worlds. If we destroy it everything will return to its normal state in Clare’s world and ours. Sounds, easy peasey, right?” John said casually as he shrugged his shoulders. When no one answered him John went on. “Anyway, she knows the way to the opening into Clare’s world and she is willingly to lead us there, in spite of the fact that dragons have sworn to never again have contact with the human race.”
Sherlock reached out his hand to take the case and then John snatched it back. “Hey, how do I know this case is yours?” John asked skeptically.
I smirk and then look over my shoulder. Anderson is watching us. He walks towards us, not smiling. Though he speaks to Lestrade of mundane matters his eyes never leave my face. I get angry. He must know I need a fix and finds it great fun to mock me. “I have to go,” I say as I shove past Lestrade and then Anderson.
John collapsed beside Sherlock as Sherlock lightly rubbed his fingers across John’s face. John closed his eyes and smiled. “Sherlock, that feels so good. You know how I love to feel your fingers across my skin. They are so soft and yet I can feel the calluses on the ends of your fingertips from your violin playing. I revel in the contrast, you know?”
Sherlock paced back and forth and said quickly, as if ripping off a band aid, “Nina and I had an arrangement. We were to be married, so that her family would get off her back about remaining single and in turn she would fund all my experiments and so forth.  It was to be a marriage of convenience, and as far as men go, I have always been attracted to my same sex, but other than the typical boy’s boarding school curiosity, I have not had a relationship…with a…man. You see before I met you, my work was my life.”
Sherlock sat up, ignoring the dizziness that assailed him, “Where is John?”
When Mycroft picked him up, Sherlock wrapped his arms around his brother’s neck, resting his whiskered cheek against Mycroft’s smooth one. “Ice,” he whispered, then surrendered to peaceful oblivion.
I blow her a kiss. “Who cares about decent?” I say. Then I turn around, off to the scene of the crime. My shelter. My sanctuary.
My steps sound heavy on the wooden stairs. I open the door and make my way across the street. My shoulders are bent like an old man. Everything aches in my body. I keep to the shadows and watch for her.  Mary hurries to the door of 221b Baker Street. Mrs. Hudson opens the door for her. I smile, enter Mary exit Sherlock.
Laura smiled making her lips curl up in a joker-like grimace, “Good, there is a Doctor from Vienna that can make that happen for you.”
“I.Q.” He repeats in a firm voice.
John giggled. “Maybe, there’s only one way to find out.”
You, dearest John are coming home today. It is a marvel that I have survived until this moment. A turn of the key in the lock. I close my eyes. I know it’s you by the way the door closes. Mrs. Hudson is calling, calling for me to come down. I don’t trust myself to walk navigate the stairs. I am shaking.
I sigh, then I begin to fidget. “I don’t think he’ll go for it, but we can ask.”
“He doesn’t,” Sherlock snapped.
John shrugged and put some money into the cabbie’s hand and then he leaned back and put an arm around Sherlock and Clare. “Let’s give him something to talk about,” John laughed as he looked from Sherlock to Clare.
I exhale a plume of smoke, gobbling up the last bits of tobacco before I taste the paper filaments of the filter. “Sorry, I had trouble getting a cab.”
Sherlock dropped the hookah line he was holding, splashed towards John like a seal and then picked John up. He then carried him upstairs to a Sinbad looking bedroom where he proceeded to make love to his husband in every way possible.
“No,” Sherlock thought, “I can’t let him distract me." John, we need to talk about what happened tonight.”
He watched John’s face transform when he took his daughter. “I must have found out about her before my break down.”
John laughed, “Even the Queen?”
“What’s this?” John asked, reading through a list of injectable substances.
John struggled against Clare and Sherlock and then he pulled himself off the woman and grabbed Sherlock by the throat and threw him to the ground. John wrapped his hands around Sherlock’s throat and began to choke him. “I have three seconds before I lose consciousness,” Sherlock thought as he struggled for air. “John, please stop,” Sherlock rasped.
“John, you are a terrible influence on me,” Sherlock said as he wrapped his legs around John’s waist.
“John, I know what ironic means. In point of fact it is ironic that…” It was Sherlock’s turn to get interrupted by John.
When the waiter finally arrives with our food Anderson picks at his meal. I smile. I have won. I have rendered him speechless. I observe his pale white fingers as he plucks at some sort of fried stick things. His soulful blue eyes meet mine. When he realizes my attention is focused on him his face lights up in a smile. It’s as if the sun has finally decided to shine upon him after a long, cold winter. I am taken back as a twinge of emotion batters at the glacier of emotions I have kept bottled up inside me. I must not thaw, not here, not now.
After a few moments, Sherlock’s muffled reply echoed back at them. “Yes, now get me out of here. The doors are rusted shut.”  He held the key tightly in his hand like a crucifix, willing himself to be calm.
Sherlock was getting angrier by the minute. “So, now I’m in terrible shape?”
“Shut up. I’m looking through the county birth records now.” He took a deep breath.
An’s bottom lip trembled. “The legend is not specific that I am aware of. It just states that a sacrifice of blood must be made at the proper time, so that the portal of evil can be closed. That is all I know.”
John rubbed the back of his neck and then said, “It’s worth a bloody fortune.”
I smile at you. Then I press my lips to yours. You struggle against me for a moment or two. Then I push on a pressure point just below your ear and your mouth opens for me. I slip my tongue in. I explore slowly at first, heedless of the fact that you are not reciprocating. Then like a dormant volcano, you spring to life. Your tongue wraps itself around mine and I feel light headed as you devour me.  For a moment all is lost as our tongues intertwine. You push your pelvis against my upper thigh in desperation. I reach my hand down to relieve you, but you shove me away.
Sherlock looked down his face red from embarrassment. “Umm, I not sure I can get up. I mean walk…”
John shrugged. “I have no idea what you are getting at Lestrade and once more I simply just don’t care. Come on Sherlock, let’s go. I want some more of those biscuits.”
“Anderson, “I shout crawling towards him. He is shaking but he still manages to smile up at me. I know that look. It’s death. “No, Anderson hang on. John, get over here. Help me.”
I look around the room. “Where is Anderson?” I ask.
“No,” I reply.
John smiled up into Sherlock’s bright eyes. “My darling. My dearest Sherlock, what will you do when I am no longer with you?” He thought to himself.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqn1nXHyM4c&feature=youtu.be
I feel tears welling up in my eyes. “Please put Mrs. Hudson on.”
Mycroft sighs. “I’ll leave him to you.” Then without another word he leaves the room.
Sherlock stood rooted to the spot staring at John. Then his eyes rolled up to the top of his head and he crumpled to the ground in a dead faint.
She puts a finger to my lips. “Don’t say it.”
Sherlock didn’t answer for he was sound asleep. John took his pulse to make sure Sherlock’s heart was beating as it should. “It is well, dearest Sherlock,” John crooned as he rocked Sherlock in his arms. “It is well…” John thought as he fell into a fitful slumber.
Sherlock stopped and looked at John as if he had spoken in Mandarin (No, that’s not right for Sherlock speaks all languages), in an unknown language. “John, not to worry I will ring Mrs. Hudson, my I mean our landlady, so that she can get me the name of a contractor that can make the flat accessible for …for you. I’ve got it all worked out, so not to worry.” Sherlock said as he clapped his hands together, refusing to accept defeat.
I lean forward, becoming lost within its depths.
“Sherlock, don’t be stubborn, just lean on me,” You say as you open the door.
John smiled and handed the case over,”Hey, aren’t you Sherlock Holmes? Why I’ve seen you on Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr and every social media site on the planet.”
You turn me over. You are sitting on the edge of my bed. Your hip touches mine. I lay partially between your arms; your hands are clenched into fists, making the bed sag under their angry pressure. “John,” I slur. “I’m fine, leave me alone.”
I can hear sirens screaming in the distance they are coming for me. Dearest John, you squeeze my hand begging me to stay with you. I will comply if nature allows. I look over at you, my breath fogs up the oxygen mask. Your shirt is covered in blood, mine and Mary’s. The coppery substance is comingled-inseparable-the same. You smooth my damp curls away from my forehead. “Sherlock,” you whisper.
I shake my head. “No, Mycroft didn’t know about it until my time in Eastern Europe. During one of the interrogations it slipped out.”
John nodded and then grabbed his shirt and waved goodbye as he ran out of the shop and down the street. As he ran closer to his destination, John felt as if the frantic pace of the city were keeping time to the beating of his heart. He ran parallel down the side walk so that he could see the Empire State Building from the opposite side of the street, “I’m almost there, I am almost there, Sherlock. Sherlock is the closest thing to heaven I will ever find, “John thought as he hastily looked both ways and darted out into the street. He never heard the car as it tried to screech to a halt, he never felt the impact of metal against flesh, and he never felt Sherlock’s anger as he waited and waited for him hour after hour for a person that would never show up.
You answer. “No, perhaps he’s on to us.”
As they both handed their phones back to the original owner, Sherlock and John felt the enormity of their situation bearing down on them. John was the first to speak, “John, I’ve been thinking, in addition to my detective cases, I want to paint and compose again. I mean both of us are definitely going to have some lifestyle changes. No champagne etc.”
“Sherlock,” a voice bites into my self-loathing with an angry snap.
Then the visceral aspect of passion overtook them both, the chair rocking back and forth while John’s body thrust itself forward, reveling in the fact that it was no longer confined.
“Yes, an unfortunate side effect of the medication.”
“You’d better not have been holding on to this information.”
His eyes narrow. “See, I told you that caring is not an advantage and besides carrier pigeons are extinct.”
The second half of the opera is dark and terrible; it challenges my mind with its complex duets and resolutions. In each recapitulation there is a slight tonal difference. I look at the people around me, John, Mary, the others, most have no idea of what Mozart has accomplished. There is one who would know. There is one who would hear the complexity of Mozart’s Opera-Moriarty. He would know. He would hear. I look at John he is sound asleep on Mary’s shoulder oblivious of the rape and murder that Don Giovanni reaps upon any who oppose him. I steeple my fingers together and rest them at the fulcrum point just underneath my nose. Don Giovanni is doomed. His time is short.
The woman sighed, walked over to John, and handed him a business card that smelt wonderful, “Doctor, please let me know if you make house calls.” She whispered as her fingers lingered on the back of his neck.
“Would this be the same Laura that put a gun to my head?”
I arrive at the establishment on time. Everything is just as I have instructed. The room is dimly lit in order to deceive me. I take off all my clothes. I then fold them in neat piles. I slip on my long black coat. The door opens. My virtual John comes in. He has been instructed not to speak. He has been instructed not to meet my eyes. He wears John’s coat, his shirt and his aftershave.
An nodded, “It is because a portal to another world has been opened and the four horsemen and the Golem have come to destroy all that is good.”
You frown, and then sigh. “This is just a game to you isn’t it?”
Sherlock caressed John’s hand in his own as he said, “Then allow me to tell you, John Watson that I love you. It would destroy if anything should happen to you.”
Sherlock took the bowl from John’s hands as he uneasily watched the unhuman like gestures John used as he trained with his sword. “His movements were just too fast,” Sherlock thought as John sped through a 103 movement kata that would have normally taken at least 10 minutes to complete. John finished in a minute and a half, without breaking a sweat.” John put the sword in its sheathe and sat beside Sherlock. “How are you feeling? Come on eat your rice, I added some onion broth to it and the one of the other guests said it tasted great. So, come on eat up.”
John fingered the place on his wrist that Sherlock had touched and without hesitation replied. “I would give anything to walk again.”
Sherlock returned an innocent look at Mycroft as he replied, “Right, the game is on to find the statue.”
“What is it Mrs. Hudson?” I shout.
“No, John has clearly gone insane.”
John shook his head, “No, I want to be able to walk to him.”
“No, love,” John whispered in Sherlock’s ear. “It’s not too far though. Can you walk?”
John smiled. “Welcome to the human race Sherlock.”
“Well, keep it down. John and I had to cut our therapy session short.”
I am better, for I am getting bored. John takes such good care of me. He feeds me. He doses me with medication and he attempts to make me exercise. Poor John has not been very successful in this endeavor. It was on one such occasion that John and I found ourselves walking around the grounds of Mycroft’s Estate. John prattled on about this and that until I wanted to scream. By the time we made it back to the house I was dying for a fix. Excusing myself I went to the bathroom off of Mycroft’s workout room. I did my thing, washed up and was just about to leave when I noticed something, a bottle of pills. Curious, I read the label and laughed when I read they were tranquilizers. “Fat lot of good these have done,” I said aloud as I pocketed a few of the pills.
John was laughing uncontrollably by this time. “’Psycho’ is a movie by Alfred Hitchcock.”
He takes it and smiles. “Thank you, Sherlock, but how am I supposed to put it on?”
When Sherlock, awoke John was already dressed with a bowl of rice for him. “Come, on my lay about flat mate, eat something. We’ve got to get going as soon as you are rested and feeling strong enough to travel.”
You dearest John, plunge your swollen cock into me, while Anderson moans, watching while my body adjusts to your girth. He says, “You two are so fucking hot.”
It was mid-morning before John and Sherlock began to focus on the case. Sherlock had managed to get his underwear and socks on, but nothing else. “I think Elsa and Laura are one and the same. I have arranged a meeting with an informant this afternoon. So, I’d better consider getting dressed.”
Irene looked confused, a frown marring her ice queen features. “But all those codebreaking secrets were revealed in the 1970’s.”
“You know ironic as in…” John’s voice trailed as Sherlock interrupted him.
She nods, then turn towards a metal tray where several vials and a syringe gleam, waiting to be used. I watch her, while she punctures each rubber seal with the tip of a needle. My mouth waters in anticipation. She finds a vein, then uses an alcohol swab to clean the area. “You know I get hard every time I feel the sting of the needle. So, it’ll be like we’re having sex.” I then smile at her, focusing my green eyes on her. “You’re beautiful,” I whisper, “and maybe when this is all over we can take a nap together, while I think of the perfect plan to find you someone wonderful. Someone who can love you like you deserve.”
John opened his mouth to say something, but then changed his mind and snapped his lips shut as Sherlock wheeled him into another room filled with easels, each held a painting covered by canvas. One by one Sherlock ripped the protective coverings off each work of art as he faced them toward the light.
I don’t trust myself to speak, so I just point to the top draw of my nightstand. As you are rummaging around you say, ”You’d better get some water and stay hydrated. It’s going to be a long night.”
The Shaman shook his head, “After John has made the sacrifice I will show it to you.”
John did as Sherlock asked and then it was time to wait. “This was the worst and the best time,” Sherlock thought as he struggled to control his breathing. “I have no idea if John will be able to control himself or not.” Sherlock whispered to himself as he tested the strength of the hand cuffs by pulling up on them.  Then Sherlock waited and waited. Had John forgotten about him? For a moment Sherlock felt lost. What if John was gone? “John,” Sherlock called out in panic.
Sherlock sighed.
Sherlock nodded affirmatively, “Yes, we will be married in New York six months from now and I plan to help support my partner by painting, composing, and detective cases.”
“Just drink the damn tea.”
I grow still in his arms. “I thought you hated me. After all, didn’t you volunteer to search my flat for drugs?”
Sherlock sniffed as he reached out and took John’s warm hand in his cold, clammy one. “Here,” Sherlock said as he guided John’s hand between his legs.
I turn my back on him and on you too-John. “Leave me alone, let me complete my mission, let me die.”
Mycroft winced at the cutting words and remained silent as John and Sherlock rode off on the horse.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Fine, John take a look, if that’s what it will take for you to stop yammering on.”
The Doctor put his glasses back on and said, “Bravo, Sherlock very good. See how I have molded you, shaped you, made you.”
“Well, get up. We’re going to make John his first dose.”
Sherlock stared pointedly at the camera and said, “Six months.”
I show you no mercy. I want to see you suffer a little. “No, I’m going commando,” I answer with a smirk.
“For making me think that poor John had been assassinated by our darling Hugh, but no matter he doesn’t look well does he, Sherlock?” Laura spat the last words out like bullets.
“Confetti,” Sherlock admonished, “it’s John. Why are you growling?”
Lestrade watches my performance, then sighs. “So, where is the other machete?”
Sherlock looked over at him. “Of course, and by the way, I’m impressed with your Shakespeare.”
“I promise, Sherlock, I will. Come back to us. I love you.”
Sherlock flushed, for he really didn’t know how to put the clothing on. “Yes, please,” Sherlock humbly replied as he went and stood before John in his underwear.
“Yes, with an apple that says, I.O.U.”
Sherlock ran across the room to turn the burner off and then came and stood before John. He looked down and then up and said, “Yes.”
“Sherlock,” John began softly, “Do you want to…to spend the night?”
I am amazed at the effectiveness of the sleeping pill, for it is morning. I can hear you on the phone arguing with some official about the details of Mary’s urn. “How bloody hard is it to burn up a body and get the ashes back to London?” You shout.
You laugh. “Since when are you the den mother?”
“You already palmed one, didn’t you?”
John was starting to tire and he should have taken a pain pill at least two hours prior, for he could feel the dull ache at the base of his spine starting to throb, “Sherlock,” John began and then stopped when the sound of his growling stomach filled the room.
He blotted a sheen of sweat from John’s upper lip with his scarf. “Take a deep breath, John. You’re having a moment of reality disorientation. The Doctor said that would be normal. I’ve arranged for you to get a therapy dog. We have an appointment with the organization at the end of the week.”
Sherlock looked down at John as he lay in the wet sheets, his hair clung tightly to his ears, rivulets of water ran down his neck and soaked the pillow, and Sherlock felt light headed as his moist skin touched John’s. He paused for a moment in an effort to keep his hands from shaking and John smiled, that sweet smile that had made Sherlock’s heart stop on the ship where they first met. “John, I’m scared,” Sherlock said breathlessly as John entwined his legs around Sherlock’s waist.
Sherlock cut her off, “No, don’t say it and how would you know you only deal with dead bodies. You’re not a real Doctor.”
I look at you in innocence. “What no good?”
Sherlock sat in his chair taking deep breaths; he had to be calm when John and Clare came home. The front door opened and Sherlock could hear them coming up the stairs. John came around the corner first. Sherlock waited the few seconds it would have taken him to notice John’s blood spattered appearance and then he pushed himself out of the chair.
Sherlock was about to ask how Jake knew what boiled dog crap smelled like when everyone in the party froze. A large reptilian creature lay curled up in their path its sad eyes looked at them with indifference. “John, wait,” Sherlock shouted as John pushed himself in front of Jake. He stood before the creature studying it. After a few moments John laid his hand on the creature’s muzzle. He then turned to the rest of the party.
“Ouuu,” Jake said as he turned his face away from the severed head.
Sherlock came around and blocked John’s view of the outside world, “John, um…about last night. I mean it wasn’t you…it was me…it’s just that I wasn’t prepared for a physical…a physical union.”
Sherlock glanced at John, and then looked away. “John, I am surprised at your lack of compassion. Clare is desperate and she is definitely very far away from home.”
Laura sighed and looked over at Irene. “The Holmes boys are so dramatic, aren’t they?”
“Sherlock, do you think we are having too much sex?” John asked out of the blue.
Marco patted Sherlock on the shoulder, “Aw, my dear Sherlock, the art process is a painful one, is it not?”
“What? Seriously, Anderson? He’s a dolt an idiot, not worthy of my attention. How can you say such things? I was just bored, that’s it, nothing more.”
Laura sat watching the scene unfold before her with interest.
“Clare,” John said wearily as he climbed up the stairs. “Clare, someone needs to take Sherlock home. I can no longer trust myself with him. He is in too much danger here. Clare, can I trust you to find a guide to take Sherlock back?”
“Because, dearest John, music is the first outlet that I learned to express myself in. Every sweet note is my love song to you. You are the embodiment of this beautiful concerto,” he breathed, while he mouthed his way down John’s stomach, delighting, when the muscles twitched under his tongue. John pulled his hair, moving his head in time with the gentleness of the slow tempo, each movement timed to perfection, each lick a masterful technique that led to his Doctor’s climax, a salty liquid crescendo that he swallowed down with ease.
Sherlock’s pupils blew wide open, his mouth watering when he heeded John’s command. He let his tongue swirl in lazy stokes from the moist salty tip to the root, then to the top, sides and underneath, not missing an inch.
John swallowed as he clasped his shaking hands in his lap, thinking about how wrong he was about Sherlock’s character, for he was not just a genius, a human calculator, a cold sociopath, he was a man.
To the Best of Times, Sherlock,
Sherlock grinned back. “Let’s ponder the ‘Rear Window’ aspect,” He said in that low dulcet toned voice that drove John crazy.
John let go of Sherlock’s wrist and turned away. He then turned around and took Sherlock’s pulse again. “You want to be screwed hard? You’ve been bad? Sherlock you have tested me for the last time,” John said as he ripped the rest of the covers off of Sherlock. He jerked Sherlock up to a sitting position and ripped off his robe. “You still want it hard?” John asked harshly.
A few hours later, they stood in front of the entrance to the bar. Sherlock looked down at John’s face. His expression was relaxed, dopey from the after effects of their afternoon sexual exploits. “I know what you’re thinking, John. You’re very naughty.” Sherlock whispered as he tussled John’s fine hair through his fingers. He then checked John’s bullet proof vest and fake plasma bag to make sure they were both in position. “Into battle we go my Doctor,” Sherlock said with a slight quiver in his voice.
“Fine.” Then he glared at Wiggins and left the room.
A wave of dizziness assails me and so I relent and lean into you. Feeling the warmth of your body makes me want to purr and then I am ashamed for Mary is dead. The stairs seem to yawn into infinity as I look up at them in annoyance. Then right on cue Mrs. Hudson comes down and begins to fuss over You and I like a mother hen.
But it wasn’t okay and Sherlock felt grim for the rest of their journey. By the time they landed at a Bedouin camp just outside of Petra, Sherlock had allowed his foul mood overtake him. After setting up camp, everyone had dinner and then sat back around the fire.
I stop and stare at your lips, making sure you aren’t going to speak. Then I become engrossed by the hairs of your beard, the way they cling to your lips like twigs cling to a thatched roof. I wonder if they are soft. I decide then and there I prefer Anderson with a beard. I clear my throat in order to focus my thoughts. Then I sniff the corpse as I examine it more thoroughly. I frown as I stand up, wincing as I crash my bloodied knee against the table leg.
Sherlock pulled back his bow at the same time as John and it was no surprise to them both when their arrows found their target. The noise and screaming continued around them, as demon-John put his arms around Sherlock to protect him from the debris and then all was quiet for they were in the eye of the storm. There were so many things Sherlock wanted to say but words left him and he felt that the universe and whatever forces ran it were in a flux of irony at that moment, for Sherlock had never felt so safe and protected as he did when he lay in the arms of his demon-John. Sharp objects cut at Sherlock and demon-John’s skin until black blood mingled with red blood and human flesh merged with demon flesh and then there was a silence so intense that it felt as if the entire city and suddenly become sound proof.
John groaned in agony and tossed back and forth on the hospital bed, “God, please help me, Sherlock, Sherlock, please…where are you Sherlock?” John screamed just before he lost consciousness.
Laura chuckled at Sherlock’s acidic remark as she winked at him. Then she leaned over and whispered in his ear so that Mycroft could hear as well. “Sherlock, wouldn’t it be fun to experiment? Just you, me and John.” Then she looked over at Mycroft as she said, “Oh, and of course you too, brother mine.”
I take the stairs two at a time, stumbling to get away from you. I move towards my secret room, then remember at the last moment that it is now a nursery. You mustn’t see. You don’t want to live with me and I won’t have you laughing at me. Your words come back to me, ‘what sane person brings a baby to live at Baker Street?’
Sherlock nodded. He felt so inadequate for he knew John was only stopping so that he could rest.  Sherlock made his way further back into the cave as John hurriedly started a fire, portioned out meal rations and spread out comfortable mats for them to sleep on. As he moved some of the rocks beneath their mats John cut himself. “Damn,” John swore as he sucked on his finger.
I close my eyes letting them lead me to the bed. My breath comes out shallow and fast when they remove my robe, then my pants. I shiver under the covers while I watch them both undress. Then like two seductive cherubim they approach me, each flanking a side like I’m the ark of the covenant.
Mrs. Hudson talks baby talk to Alice, then pauses. “Who wouldn’t want to watch, Alice, she’s an angel.”
Mrs. Hudson came over and gently put her hand on Sherlock’s arm, “Sherlock, dear come, sit down and rest, you look terrible.”
After Wiggins left, he got up and went to check on John. He lay still in the exact place that Sherlock had placed him moments before. “John,” he whispered, then got into bed next to him, holding him close.
John laid his hand lightly on Sherlock’s arm, “Then how do you know that you like them, men I mean and what about Nina?”
“Well,” John said smoothly, “Teddy, I don’t consider myself gay and neither does Sherlock, you see we fell in love with each other as individuals, nothing about the two of us was gender inspired; however the sex is marvelous, fireworks every time, if you know what I mean. Teddy, old boy I highly recommend it.”
Anderson pulls open his robe, showing me his wound in the full light. I grimace. It’s dreadful. “I wanted to save you, but there was something else too. I wanted to bleed out in your arms. I wanted you to be the last face I saw, the last voice I heard.”
John looked up into Sherlock’s red face and said, “Sherlock, are you trying to tell me that you haven’t…you haven’t been close to a man?”
I lick my lips. I can still taste Anderson on them. “I need to think and I need someone to take notes for me. Anderson are you coming?”
Sherlock’s eyes grew wide and he leaned forward. “I had a twin? But it’s never twins.”
John wheeled over and took Sherlock’s hand, “Sherlock calm down, everything is fine. This man’s just doing his job.”
Sherlock paused and peered into John’s eyes. “Liar,” he said as he ran his hand along John’s cheek.
“What is it?
John blushed looked away and then said, “Right, then, the fingers…Umm..the victims appear to be male and female, with no random pattern.”
I stare at my reflection in the glass behind him, ignoring the large dragon I see in its depths. I am terrified.
Sherlock blinked confused for a moment. “I need to go to my mind palace.”
You turn off the water for a moment. “Sherlock, I’m tired, quit playing around.”
John knew it was a wicked thing to say but he said it none the less, “Whatever do you mean?”
I look over at you and sniff. “I decorated and painted the walls myself.”
There are tears in his eyes while I am pulling his hair. He doesn’t look away from me. A smile twitches at the corner of his lips and he says, “I.Q.”
Sherlock struggled to keep his balance as he lifted John from his wheelchair to a deck recliner. “John, I think you’ve put on a few,” Sherlock said as he flopped down on a recliner beside John’s.
Sherlock laid a possessive hand on John’s shoulder. “Why would anyone want to harm John?” He asked aloud.
I look at Mary in confusion. “I don’t understand,” I say.
Sherlock lay on his side. His hands curled, his delicate long fingers twitching like the others that lay in rows of human denigration and waste. John put his hand over his face.
Sherlock barely had the strength to sit up as he nodded in enthusiasm. “Yes, John, that was something new and you know how I love new.” Sherlock said slyly as he winked at John.
Lestrade came over motioning to Sherlock and John. “Hey, you two, the body is over here.”
“Sherlock, you know I had to get away, then I found out about baby Alice and it took a while to get things sorted out.”
“Sherlock, Sherlock, do you see what I see?” John whispered as he stared straight ahead at something or someone Sherlock couldn’t see and then John began to tell Sherlock about Afghanistan in such vivid detail that it seemed as if Sherlock was there with John.
Sherlock opened his eyes. The Doctor’s figure blurred in and out of focus. Then the sound of shouting voices reached them. It appeared as if the police were raiding this foul place. “Mycroft must have come through,” Sherlock thought. He looked over at the Doctor in satisfaction, reveling in his terrified expression. Just before he lost consciousness, Sherlock watched as the Doctor took a necklace off from around his neck. He looked both ways placing it in a secret panel inside the wall.
I stand up and wash my hands off. Then I look at you and I want to hurt you like you hurt me. “Why John, you are a proper genius. However, did you figure that out by yourself?” I ask as I do a quick mock parody of a man getting off with my hands and hips.
I study my hands as if they are foreign objects. “I don’t know.”
Anderson smirks. “You just want to get at my pain pills again.”
My eyes brighten. “I know of a sex performance club that…”
I sigh. “Fine.” Then I study the image of the puzzle again, letting its multi-colored design propel me into another dimension—my mind palace. I reach for the tea, not noticing when it burns my lips. The sting dissipates, leaving first a numbness, then a tingling sensation. I ignore it, allowing all sensations to divert to my brain, letting each synapse fire in rapid succession. Colors reflect back at me, purple, blue, yellow, green and an amalgamation of all shades of the visible spectrum—white.
“Really you’re just beginning to figure that out?” Sherlock said softly.
“Sorry, I didn’t want to disturb you,” John mumbled.in embarrassment, for he wished the ground would swallow him whole because the next item on his agenda was the bathroom. “Sherlock, can you take me to the bathroom?”
Sherlock laughed openly and began to tickle John in effort to make the olives drop out, when John tightly screwed his eyes shut, Sherlock pinned him down gently and ate the olives one by one. Then Sherlock looked at John as he lay beneath him and Sherlock sighed as he began to kiss John.
Sherlock shrugged it off. “Whatever you say, brother mine.” He looked around the room, eyes glazed over and his jaw went slack.
The music had shifted into another sultry tune, “The Kiss of Fire.” Laura leaned back in a suggestive pose and lit a cigarette clearly enjoying John’s discomfort. “John do you believe that there is such a thing as a kiss of fire?”
Sherlock glared at Laura in annoyance and then turned back to John with a loving gaze. “John, Laura has enlisted my assistance in one of her endeavors. The search for the Gold Cat Bastet.”
For a moment Sherlock didn’t answer and when he did his voice was low and shaky, “John, are you okay? Why can’t you sleep?”
“Are you sure this is the only way?” Molly asks.
John watched Sherlock stumble towards the door that led outside to freedom. “What’s wrong with him? Will somebody tell me what’s going on?” He demanded.
“Just thinking that Depok Chakra is full crap is all,” Sherlock replied playing with the small hairs on John’s neck.
I nibble at your neck. “You could say it’s an emergency prostate exam.” Then I take a deep breath.
“I want part of my fare upfront,” the cabbie said as he nervously eyed John and Clare.
Sherlock frowned but continued on. They had only gone a few paces when Sherlock roused John. “John? John?”
Once Sherlock, was bathed, he felt like a new person, ready to face anything. “Something was wrong, why was the house so quiet?” He thought as he walked by John’s room, fully expecting to see it empty and was surprised when he saw a prone figure in the bed; Molly was also in the room as she bent over to take the person’s temperature.  “How dare someone take John’s bed,” Sherlock thought angrily. Storming into the room Sherlock was about to burst into a drug induced tirade, but stopped short when he saw who was lying in the bed. “Mycroft?” Sherlock asked in puzzlement.
My whole body snaps to attention, ready to move on. “The one with the handcuffs, the plug, the crop and the honey?” You laugh when I lick my lips.
I sigh, my work is done. They both make small talk, which seems ironic, considering that we are standing in the middle of a crime scene—bombed out Scotland Yard. In the distance, I see Lestrade making his way towards us. “Lestrade, I’m glad you made it through.”
Sherlock paced around the cabin like a caged animal. “Sherlock, stop you are starting to make me sea sick,” John said as he wheeled his chair into Sherlock’s path.
“Well?”
John pulled at Sherlock’s sleeve, “Sherlock, why don’t you go dancing? I know how you love it so.”
Sherlock grimaced as Mycroft’s face came into view. “This could hardly be called a rescue since none of us knew the camp would be attacked.”
I yawn. “Out, John.”
Wiggins plopped down on a chair. “Fine, then.”
“So, you don’t eat meat?”
Sherlock ran to the side of the bed and took John’s pulse and after he counted for a few moments put the information down on the tablet.
You rush to my side. “Sherlock, it’s me John. I’m here. Look at me.”
He then looked around the room once more, before grabbing his violin, coat, and hat, blending into the elements once he shut the door of 221b Baker Street.
“Sherlock, I’m talking about the movie, ‘Casablanca’ with Ingrid Bergman and Humphrey Bogart.” Sherlock looked at John, his expression blank. John continued on. “You know, ‘play it again Sam’.”
“You’re not stupid. In fact, quite the contrary. You graduated in the top percentile of your class with an IQ of approximately 131, which means that you are gifted. Not a genius like me, but gifted.” I say as I yawn. “Now go to sleep.”
John didn’t reply he just looked glassy eyed towards the chair that Sherlock had occupied and then turned his attention to the Shaman.
Sherlock knocked on the door to John’s room and his heart beat faster, when he called, “Come in.”
Sherlock straightened up and then sighed. “I’m disappointed in you John. I thought you were more adventurous.”
“Your skin is so soft and white-like alabaster,” you say as you run your hands down my shivering thighs. Every move you make is deliberate but gentle, soft but hard. The process continues, part pain, part pleasure. With each thrust you mend me, with each thrust you break me, for tomorrow I’m sending you back to Mary.
John walked out and slammed the fragile door, leaving Sherlock to laugh at his struggle for control.
John shook Sherlock roughly. “Come on Sherlock, wake up.” John shouted frantically to no avail for Sherlock had lost consciousness.
“A soon to be stuffed pig?”
The last thing I hear is your laughter. “Baby Alice, always puts him to sleep. We’ll have to remember that when he gets his bouts of insomnia. God knows, riding him around in a cab doesn’t work.”
“Sherlock, this is beautiful. Is this for Alice?”
“What’s that song your humming?” John asked, entranced by Sherlock’s seldom heard voice.
“Fine, but what about John’s feelings? Aren’t you at least going to let him know?” Molly asks.
John stirred and opened his eyes. Sherlock was by his side in an instant. “John, John, speak to me.” Sherlock commanded.
Sherlock shook his head. “It doesn’t matter now. John, please make love to me. Make me forget them. Take me; let me feel you inside me. The deeper you penetrate me physically and mentally, the more I feel the memories that have branded me for some many years dissipate. John, you are the other half of my broken spirit. John Hamish Watson, you found me just in time and I will cherish your love all through this life and the next, forever, John, forever.”
The room grew so quiet that John could hear the traffic noise from outside. Mrs. Hudson’s  muted laughter also drifted in from somewhere. Sherlock was the first to break the silence. “We’ll take the case.”
Sherlock paced back and forth as the Ship’s Security officer grilled John like a drill sergeant. “When did you first meet Laura? When did you first meet Elsa? Did you have an affair with one or both of them?”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed as he observed John’s superior attitude. “Fine, spill it, Doctor. What do you know?”
“Ssh, do you want the whole ship to hear you?” A woman’s voice hissed back.
Wiggins nodded. “Oh, he’s bloody rich he is and I get all his stuff when he dies.”
John glared back at Sherlock,” Yes, you are in terrible shape. Your intellect is perfect beyond all measure we all know that. So, Sherlock are you surprised that the great Sherlock is mortal after all? Your mind can’t fix everything, Sherlock,” John said with contempt.
Anderson’s hips shoot off the seat. “Jesus, Sherlock, you’re going to make me come.”
“And who are we going to poison?”
Sherlock reached up and opened John’s shirt and inspected the place on his body that had been torn open. It was completely healed with only a slight purplish look scar where once Sherlock had seen lacerated tissue and black blood. “I don’t understand,” Sherlock said in a confused small voice.
I reach out and take your arm. You turn around, your eyes are wide, scared. “Sherlock?”
Laura reached out and grasped his hand like a venomous snake. “Don’t cross me again, Sherlock or John will pay.”
I walk down the hall and tap on Anderson’s door. “Come in,” he calls out.
Mycroft takes it all in. He deduces then his lips purse. Mrs. Hudson is the first to recover. “Sherlock, look at you. You’ve been very naughty. What will John say?”
“Fine, you owe me a bone when we get home.” Then you pat me on the leg and walk over to where a grim looking surgeon stands waiting.
” John come on. It’s time to get you ready for surgery.”
“Get, those clothes off. You’ll be lucky if you don’t get pneumonia,” John snaps as my dirty robe hits the ground. Without a sound John guides me to the tub, hooks on a hose attachment and sprays me off like an errant dog that has rolled in dirt.  “Sit on the edge of the tub, while I wash your hair,” John orders.
Mycroft pushes me back in bed. “Sherlock, you have to get well first.”
I close the door and then focus my attention on Anderson. He looks less confident as I stare him down. He doesn’t break eye contact though.
“I just want to say that…that well I need to…umm.” My words tumble from my mouth like a bumbling idiot.
I look back at you and sigh. “I am the most analytical, therefore my suggestions will be the ones we will take.” Then without another word I head off to the bathroom. My bathing ritual is quite extensive and I begin by disrobing, then I turn on the water, letting it run until the temperature is hot. You and Mrs. Hudson always complain I’m a terrible water waster, but I don’t care. I can’t abide tepid bath water. After I am satisfied that I will be as red as a lobster when I submerge, I pour in a special blend of bath oil, then I lower myself in an inch at a time until my body adjusts to the heat. Once in I lean back and close my eyes. I must have dozed off. When someone knocks at the door I jump. “Come in.”
Laura chuckled, “Do you see a full house John?”
John hated the fear and anxiety that ripped at his sanity. No matter what Sherlock said or did John was inconsolable for he was terrified that he would lose Sherlock or perhaps he had already lost him.
“Wasn’t he on the same cruise as you?”
I go to my drug den. I will wait for you to come and get me. Hours go by, then days, I make out a list for Mycroft and then out of loneliness and boredom I become a willing slave to my habit. When someone comes for me, it is not you. It is Mycroft. I look into his eyes, wrong color of blue, wrong eyes, wrong person. “Sod off,” I say and then turn over.
John smiled as he shook his head. Sherlock was so cute when his jealousy became aroused. “Well, aren’t you going to introduce me?” John asked in a teasing tone.
“Very clever,” Sherlock thought closing his eyes.
John sighed, “Sherlock, you are so charming even when you lie.”
You nod. “Fine, Sherlock I’m sorry too, for you know…” He says as he gestured towards the marks on my body.
Anderson takes my face and twists it towards him, then without a word he licks away each tear. Words desert me. This action undoes me more than a kiss. He smiles and looks at me, memorizing each detail. I am like a work of art to him. His eyes rove over my body in awe. I lay back and let him take his visual fill. He gasps. His hands shake. His shoulders droop. His facial features twist in despair. When he finally speaks, I almost jump out of my skin. “Thank you, Sherlock for everything.” I move to get up. “No, stay in bed. You look beautiful. I’m…um going to get a shower and leave.”
I storm over to where he is sitting, and I pull a tin of salve from my pocket. “I came to give you this,” I say, holding it out to him.
“It was a picture that popped into my head. You two are like angels.”
I am taken back by his obvious defiance. “First, we’ll start with the riding crop. Miss Alder taught me well. You’re in for a real treat, Anderson.”
“How much has he had?” a voice asked.
A slight whizzing sound to his left made Sherlock turn as he drew his knife and took a protective stance in front of John. A voice spoke out with chilling familiarity. “Put the knife down. Don’t you know a rescue when you see one, brother mine?”
He nods, pulsing into my palm. Then he huffs a few time, arches his hips, and shoots into my hand, whimpering when I mouth the front of his pants. I pull them down. I have to taste. In between licks, I ask him one more question. “Anderson, would you kill for me?”
Unaware of my internal conflict Lestrade answers, “He’s on medical leave. He got banged up pretty bad last night. He’s got a couple of busted ribs. Looks like hell, but other than that he appears to be okay. Poor bastard, is most likely going to have to go for a psyche reevaluation though, given his past history.”
John leaned forward in his chair. “Did she want you to seal a necklace?”
Sherlock looked up at John, “John, don’t you need some rest as well?”
Laura smiled, then held up her wine glass. “Cheers, to the upcoming battle. To the victor go the spoils.”
Sherlock fingered the front of John’s clothing. “What are you wearing John?” Sherlock asked as he ran his hands over the soft material.
“I’m at Musgrave. Oh God, no…I can’t.”
“Not so fast,” Irene said, pointing a gun at Sherlock’s head.
My eyes sparkle as I throw away containers of rotten Chinese food. “John, is coming home and he’s bringing a baby with him.”
As I count out the money, I am appalled at the increase in price. The weasel of a man looks at me and shrugs. “Sorry, Mr. Holmes, but everything is going up. The whole world is going to hell in a hand basket.”
Sherlock lay back and held John’s hand until it became heavy with sleep and dropped out of his grasp, dangling limply towards the deck.  Then for the rest of the morning and into mid-afternoon Sherlock watched John sleep until the light shifted to the other side of the ship leaving them both in semi darkness. Sherlock shivered now that the warmth of the sun had left them but not for a moment did he leave John’s side. Motioning for a ship employee Sherlock asked for a blanket for he could tell John was cold from the way he laid curled up in a ball.
I grimace. “Shut up.”
You don’t say a word, then you get up, holding out your hand. I take it, letting you pull me to my feet. I face you. “You’ll be going then?” I ask.
“Nope, no that is only part of it. You were bored and you drugged me so that you could laugh at me. So, that you could laugh at me as I totally lost it,” John shouted in anger as he held my head in a tight grip.
“You killed them?”
John’s eyes closed as he dug his fingers into Sherlock’s curly hair. “Yes, Sherlock you know everything.”
When the cab stops in front of a drab building. I double check the address. It’s correct. I pay the cabbie and proceed towards the grey structure. It is oppressive, just one step above government housing and not much else. I trudge up the stairs to Anderson’s flat. The smell of curry assails my nostrils, while a pair of children run down the halls, oblivious to their poverty. I envy them. Even as a child I never knew such peace and tranquility. I look away, knocking on the door. No answer. I knock again. After a few repetitions of this action, I sigh. I then look around me and pull out my picks.
Another one stood in front of me. “God, he looks so fresh and sweet. I bet he’s as tight as a drum.”
“Sherlock?” John asked again as he gently encircled his hands around Sherlock’s wrists.
“Sure,” John answered. A few moments later, I had to steady myself as I felt John running his hands along my leg for a vein.
About a half hour later John joined Clare in the training area. They practiced with the staff, swords, and hand to hand sparing. Sherlock showed up about twenty minutes later with a staff of his own. He and John trained together for a few moments and then John came and stood beside Sherlock, so that he could correct his stance. John leaned over and sniffed. “Sherlock, did you shower?” John whispered as he wrinkled his nose.
You frown at me as you read my chart. “It sounds like you’re having a drug reaction. I’m going to call the nurse.”
I sink down in a chair next to the bed, putting my head in my hands. “I’m sorry,” I whisper. There is no answer, only the beeping of hospital equipment.
Sherlock inhaled another drag. “John, don’t exaggerate. This isn’t a palace. It’s a Moroccan style home, nothing more.”
The vehicle hits a bump, and our hands are knocked apart. When I sit up I notice we are in a tactical unit tank. Then I think of Scotland Yard, wondering if Lestrade is okay. We reach our destination and are hustled inside an underground base. I look over at Mycroft. “I get the end of the world is upon us, but why am I here?”
“John, you know what I need. I’m bored. I need a case,” Sherlock snapped back, not caring how every harsh syllable cut through John’s defenses.
For once Sherlock had no answers.
“I wake up later. I’m nauseous. God, my stomach hurts. Though I try to control myself, I can’t. I vomit over everything.  You and the nurse come running in. She starts to clean me up, but you brush her hand away and do it yourself. Your hands are gentle as you slip off my gown. Until I am released you have to let the dirty gown fall to the side. It looks like a broken wing. You strip my blankets off the bed. The sour smell doesn’t make you gag. Your gentle hands wash me. Like a savior you make me clean. I shiver wondering if I will become aroused as your hands wipe the vomit from my stomach. As you clean my navel I begin to shake. You jump into action, you read my vitals, and then you quickly slip a hospital gown on me. Then you leave, but you come back soon and wrap me in a cocoon of warm heated blankets. You then look into my eyes. I want to say something profound, but I don’t. Tears stream down my face as you adjust my pillow. John you are my…angel. Shortly, Mycroft comes in, he undoes the handcuff and my useless soiled gown flutters to the ground-like a piece of paper it floats to the floor. You and I watch its descent. Mycroft watches me watching you. I don’t care, he can just sod off. I look over at him. I expect to see his brotherly sneer, but I don’t. His eyes are large-frightened. I am more confused than ever, so I turn my back on you both.  John, I can feel your arms around me, tucking me in. Then you do something unexpected, you hug me.”
Clare looked over at John, “You didn’t tell him?” Clare asked.
I nod mutely. I listen to your footsteps as they retreat away from me. Your limp is more pronounced, you must be upset-stressed. I stay in the bathroom until you leave. I then run upstairs so that I can watch the limo drive away. You get into the limo. You don’t look up. But I know you know that I am watching you. Your back tightens and you turn away from me at a 45 degree angle. Then you are gone, speeding away from me.
“Bloody hell, how am I going to get it out,” John cursed.
He brushed a finger down her nose. “You are such a naughty girl. Now, we’ll let you get back to Lestrade. I can see him lurking just inside the door. If you’re going to do anything untoward, make sure you wear knee pads, your floors are hardwood. Speaking of hardwood, I’m taking my inspiration back to Baker Street. Come on hardwood.”
He does so. The bandage unravels and falls to the ground. I approach him, untwist the lid, and begin to massage the ointment into his lacerated skin. He winces but does not cry out when my fingers touch his wounds, wounds that I created. When I am through, I back away. “Anderson…I’m sorry about last night.”
“Partners?” Sherlock asked.
John eagerly stood before Sherlock. “Sherlock, when you got on your knees and took my jacket off, the physical desire for you actually made me dizzy, so much so, that I collapsed to the ground. Sherlock, do you remember?” John whispered.
John nodded. “Oh, yes, aren’t they supposed be haunted? Didn’t some guy mysteriously break his collar bone when attempting to spend an all nighter down there?”
“Who knows? After you supposed death, John was obsessed about digging into your past, anything that could help explain your actions that day. I gave him a crumb or two to keep him out of my hair, but I told him nothing about our sister. He must have found that out on his own. I suppose he can be quite clever when he chooses to.”
“Midnight,” Sherlock answered flatly.
John looked at the strange apparatus that Sherlock laid on the bed. His eyes sparkled like a cat that has laid its catch in front of its beloved person. John frowned, while he wheeled around the bed. “I give up. What is it?”
John nodded and then gave Sherlock a puzzled look. “So, um Sherlock, what exactly are we doing?”
I sneak back into the flat. You are not there. I have to get my hands on some cash, for my muscles are starting to tighten from withdrawals. I then begin to rummage through everything in the flat, looking for anything of value. I grab some of my science equipment, my laptop, your laptop, Mrs. Hudson’s cookie jar of cash, your wedding ring, your army medals, some books, then finally my violin. I pawn it all. I then take to the streets and blend in with my homeless network.
Sherlock led John’s horse down the trail, watching the Bedouin guide as he took them through the desert. Laura followed at a discrete distance, not wanting Sherlock or John out of her reach for long. They had only gone a short distance when a rumbling noise caught Sherlock’s attention. He turned behind him to see the source. It was a huge ball of fire that lit up the desert.”
“Sherlock, it’s alright you are safe. When I count to three you will open your eyes, remembering everything. One, two, three…”
When the horsemen were lined up in their sites, demon-John halted until Sherlock was parallel to him. “Well, this is it then, John,” Sherlock shouted above the din, “Just like Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, except without that deplorable song, Rain Drops Keep Falling on My Head.”
John rubbed his jaw. “Well, that makes sense. A man like you is bound to make enemies.”
Sherlock reached out to pull John into an embrace, but the loud speaker overhead announced that the ship be pulling into harbor soon. Glancing up in irritation, Sherlock frowned and rubbed John’s arm. “We’d better get ready to face things, our ship ride is almost over,” Sherlock said apprehensively he patted John on the arm.
Sherlock didn’t answer. He just stared straight ahead as the carriage took them back to where the ship was docked.
I stand there at the window alone. I stand there for an hour and twenty minutes, until Mycroft comes for me.
I nod, dreading to be left alone with my thoughts.
He picked up the phone, smiling the condescending smile he always did when Sherlock called. “Yes, brother mine? What is it?”
Jake started to say something derogatory, but stopped short. “I need to save my breath,” Jake thought as he huffed and puffed after Clare and Rathery.
John coughed as Sherlock exhaled a smoke ring. “When were you going to tell me that you owned a Pascha’s palace?”
John started to get angry and then changed his mind. “Sherlock, let your doctor take a look,” John said as he lifted the blanket and slipped in beside Sherlock. “Sherlock, I have to check you for polyps.” John said as he wriggled his fingers deep inside Sherlock. For a few moments John moved his fingers in and out of Sherlock and then dove under the covers where his tongue took the place of his fingers.
The muscles tightened in Sherlock’s neck as he got up and grabbed Laura’s arm. “Leave my husband alone.”
Sherlock moved his head to one side and then looked at his watch, “Oh it’s only after midnight, but no matter, are you hungry John?”
“Fine, report,” John ordered.  As the scout rambled off how many men and demons there were John kept track of them all; however he stopped the scout at the end of his report. “What was that last thing you said?”
Sherlock thought.
“Never John, I’ll never stop. Come hell or high water, I’ll never stop.”
John splashed in the water and swam towards Sherlock, “So, do you have a woman in every port?”
He looks from me to Anderson and then back again. “Why did you lock the door? I thought you would have killed each other by now.”
John entwined his fingers in Sherlock’s black curly hair as Sherlock whispered all the things that John loved to hear. “You are my true love, John Hamish Watson-Holmes. I want to devour you with my tongue and mouth.” After a few panting breaths, Sherlock stopped and then looked up at John once more as he whispered, “I will protect you.”
Sherlock looked down at John while he wheeled him out of the hospital to the curb, where their cab waited. He helped him out of the wheel chair and into the cab with one swift move, kicking the wheel chair out of the way.
You are by his side in an instant, the doctor, the friend, the lover. I note the curve of your back when you bend over him. Your shirt comes untucked revealing a bit of skin. I take a deep breath, resisting the urge to stroke myself.
“I’ll kill her,” Irene raged.
The scene is being secured when I jump out of a cab and run upstairs to the victim’s flat. The smell of death and patchouli assails my nostrils when I open the door. Lestrade motions me over to where the victim lays.
“John, you are a soldier and I know you can do this. Keep Anderson, Alice and Mrs. Hudson safe and I will find you. Now put Anderson on and John I love you.”
“That’s a bottle of Domaine de la Romanee-Conti Romanee-Conti Grand Cru, Cote de Nuits, it’s worth around 8,000 pounds you twat.”
John looked around the courtyard in wonder and said, “This is so beautiful, I think I could stay here forever.”
“What the bloody hell are you talking about?” Lestrade bellows.
“Sherlock, what is it?” John asked softly.
Sherlock lay back and let the warm water soak away the tension from his neck and back. He wasn’t surprised when a few moments later John slipped in behind him. Sherlock leaned forward to give John room to fit behind him. Once Sherlock was firmly between John’s legs he leaned back. John took some bath gel and began to wash Sherlock’s back. Sherlock sighed. Baths were definitely more of a pleasure these days. John worked up the gel into lather and then moved his hands around to Sherlock’s stomach and chest. Sherlock sighed with pleasure as John’s hands moved lower.
John opened his mouth and was about to ask how and then sighed, partly in exasperation and partly in excitement at the thought of surprising Sherlock. “Fine, what do I have to do?”
Sherlock nodded, “I was clean when I painted that one.”
He basks in my compliment. I frown. It’s time to let him down. “Anderson, John is coming back.”
Sherlock nodded sadly, ate his rice and then prepared to get a shower. A few hours later and he and John were making their way through the snowy mountains that their companions had traveled before them. John had to constantly slow down for Sherlock, but he didn’t seem to mind as he cheerfully pretended to rest with Sherlock at each stop. As the sky darkened John stopped at a cave, “Come on Sherlock, let’s set up camp for the night.”
So, a few drinks later, John and Elsa felt relaxed in one another’s company enough for Elsa to ask him about his accident. After John told her the details they both sat quietly drinking their pain away until Elsa finally spoke. “Ach, listen to us, how gloomy we both are. We are on the most luxurious cruise ship in the world, come let us enjoy ourselves.”
Sherlock watched John as he tended to the man he had brutally beaten. John’s face was full of stain and Sherlock could tell from the way his sparring partner was constantly nodding his head that John must be apologizing over and over again. Finally, John got up and headed back to where Sherlock stood waiting for him. When John reached him Sherlock became overcome with dizziness and fainted dead away in John’s arms. John scooped him up as if Sherlock were a rag doll and carried him back to their strange little house.
Laura blushed and then placed a cool hand on Sherlock’s arm. “The surgeon I speak of is myself. I’m Doctor Elsa Strasburg. Go ahead Google me. I’m the best.”
John spotted the Doctor’s wife across the room, “God, she is stunning,” John thought as he observed her cool, blonde, Aryan looks. As John wheeled towards her, she fixed her cool gaze on John and John took a deep breath of surprise for there was something warm and vulnerable about her that he didn’t expect to encounter and when she smiled it softened her angular facial features.
“Why?”
“You brought the special lotion from home.”
Once John and Sherlock were alone in the flat Sherlock sighed. “Well, alone at last. Shall I draw a bath for you? I’m sure you must be exhausted after our flight.”
John pulled at Sherlock’s arm as he tried to pull away, “Sherlock, don’t retreat within yourself, there are some biscuits in the nightstand drawer as well as my pills. Get me a glass of water and then come straight back here. Sherlock, are you listening?” John asked firmly.
You sigh in exasperation. “Never mind, you’re just a machine. How would you know about love and trust?”
John snatched his hand back. “Sherlock, you’re crazy.”
“Wait,” Clare said, “This is a suicide mission…you two will not be coming back.”
“John, my entire focus will be on you and do you know why?” Sherlock whispered as he unbuttoned his shirt. John shook his head mutely. “My focus will be entirely on you John Hamish Watson for tonight you are my case. Whatever it takes to solve you, thrill you, arouse you, whatever undoes you, whatever makes you scream in ecstasy, John that is my goal and I never lose my train of concentration,” Sherlock said softly as he undid the buttons of John’s shirt. He then reached over and turned on a small lamp by the bed, so that he could observe every expression on John’s face. He then slid in the bed next to the love of his life, sliding his hands over John’s skin until his mouth opened as he gasped for air and Sherlock marveled at the power one individual could have over another. He marveled at how John leaned into his touch. He marveled at how he was suddenly unafraid of physical intimacy as John’s hands and mouth explored his body, but most of all he marveled at the joy he felt when John became part of him, clinging to him, thrusting into him, holding him, until Sherlock’s eyes became as round as saucers as he watched John writhe in pleasure underneath him and then without warning a hurricane of sensations came at Sherlock so fast that he couldn’t analyze or compute them and then John reveled when Sherlock arched his back and screamed out begging John for release.
“So, what do you think?” Sherlock asked as John peered at the gruesome pictures on Sherlock’s laptop. When John didn’t immediately answer Sherlock carried on aloud as if John weren’t in the room, “We have twelve Cuckoo Clocks, each clock is not functional and inside each clock is a severed finger, not the same finger though, one clock a thumb, one an index finger, etc. So, John what do you think the killer is trying to tell us?”
Mycroft leaned against the wall. “So, that’s why you brought him back to this place.”
John laughed. “Sherlock, you’re a pig.”
“Come on, John let me buy you a drink,” Elsa said brightly in an attempt to banish the darkness that threatened to overwhelm them both. “Oh you do drink, don’t you?”
I do as you command. You look terrible. Your face is white and the skin underneath your eyes is swollen. I reach over and run my thumb along your bottom lip. “You’re dehydrated, John.”
Then came Mycroft’s voice clear and strong. “Did you say heartbreak grass? Oh, Jesus, Sherlock what have you done?”
John almost seemed to get a perverse delight as he tightened his hands around Sherlock’s throat. Sherlock turned his head to the side in an effort to get air. “John, please come back. I love you,” Sherlock coughed.
I shake my head. “I don’t want to hurt you.”
“Sherlock, talk to me, what’s wrong?” John asked. His voice had an edge to it that Sherlock knew well. Now was not the time to talk to John about this. They made small talk until Clare gave John the all clear sign that the shower was free.
John stopped and looked back at Sherlock with contempt. “Well, perhaps if you ate right, exercised, quit smoking and took care of your body you would be in better shape.”
The Asian woman timidly put down a pot of rice and chicken, in her other hand she awkwardly balanced three bowls and a huge bottle of water.
John was across the room in one stride, pulling at the massive silk-like comforter that covered Sherlock’s naked body. “Where?” John commanded.
John released Hugh’s hand as he stifled a giggle. Hugh appeared not to notice the exchange as he said, “It’s always nice to meet a fan. I’ll autograph a copy of, “Let Them Talk”, and messenger it to your hotel.”
Later on that evening John lay in Sherlock’s arms both of them frustrated from Sherlock’s inability to perform. “That has never ever happened to me,” Sherlock said angrily as he took a long drag from his cigarette and blew smoke over the “Please do not smoke in the room,” sign.
“Yes, I am feeling better. Go get yourself a scotch and then we can discuss what cases we might undertake when we are back at Baker Street.” I said feeling a slight amount of guilt when John smiled at me. “First, though let’s get my dose out of the way.”
I grin. “Indubitably my dear Doctor, indubitably.”
“Sherlock, I’m going to have to inject the substance into one of the veins on the top of your foot. Sherlock…it’s going to hurt,” You say as you swab the top of my foot with alcohol.
“I’m not feeling sorry for myself. John has just left me when I needed him the most,” I snap at him in anger.
Lestrade frowns. “What do you care? The man annoys you by just breathing.”
You smile. “Alright, then let’s continue this in the bedroom.”
The moment I dreaded has come on me as I hear your voice-John.
Sherlock and John ignored the chaos around them for the closer they got to the horsemen and their hordes of demons, the stronger the whirlwind vortex pulled at them. Several times demon-John had to help Sherlock to his feet until he finally walked at a 45 degree angle in front of Sherlock to shield him from bearing the brunt of the storm that raged around them.
Sherlock looked from one to the other, “Tell me what?” Sherlock asked.
I clear my throat. “John, come and get Alice. I have to go to the bathroom.”
“I’m not going to repeat it again. John is bringing a baby home. Now chop, chop help me clean this mess up.” I demand.
As soon as they got home, John ran a bath for Sherlock. Afterwards, John wrapped Sherlock in the bed covers. “Get some rest, Sherlock.”
Mycroft bent down and snatched a piece of paper from his hands. He then handed it to John.
As the limo navigated its way through London traffic, they each made plans as to where they would stay.
“Hmm, he must have been bad in bed.”
“Like a complex, ‘where’s Waldo.’”
Sherlock smiled. “Irene always said you wanted me and that you were jealous of her. No, I’ve never slept with a woman.”
Sherlock frowned. “I’m afraid that’s something that we’ll never know.”
John chuckled as he shook his head, “Nothing, Sherlock, nothing.” He was about to say something else but stopped when he saw the stricken look on Sherlock’s face. “Sherlock, what is it?” John asked quietly.
I smile and then outright laugh. “Oh, no don’t say it again. We all know you’re not gay. Not John Hamish Watson, the doctor, the soldier, the heterosexual model for us all. Sherlock is not my boyfriend. We’re not a couple. And oh God don’t get me started about that scene at Angelo’s, in which you almost pissed yourself when I called you on your let’s date signals. People will talk. John Watson the confirmed bachelor. Relax, John I know I am sexually repugnant to you. I’m just a machine. I can’t fall in love. I can’t crave another’s touch. It’s all about the work. Now get out and leave me alone, John.” I am openly sweating as I shout out the last words.
He does as I ask, but looks skeptical when I emerge from the tub, leading him to the kitchen. I make sure the temperature of the water is just right, then I guide his head under the flowing water, letting him back into me for balance. He hums in pleasure when I massage the shampoo into his fine hair. It is a sensuous experience and I am surprised to find that I am enjoying it as much as he.  When we are through, I wrap his hair in a towel, guiding him to a chair. He towel dries his hair while I watch.
Sherlock cut him off, “John, I need hardly remind you that you are a Doctor, so please reference your knowledge of human intimacy and then please let’s change the subject.”
John nodded, dreading the answer, “Yes, why?”
“John, don’t you see Elsa and Laura are one and the same.” Sherlock said as he clapped his hands together.
John took Sherlock’s hand in his own. “That would be wonderful. You are so clever, Sherlock.”
John smiled enveloping Sherlock in the oceanic depths of his blue eyes as he kissed the shivering muscles of Sherlock’s stomach and as John’s cool lips moved downwards Sherlock entwined his fingers in John hair whimpering when the oral stimulation threatened to overwhelm him.
Contrary to popular belief, war is not as active as it would seem, for it is fraught with waiting and stalking, which leads to boredom and stress.  John paced back and forth to keep from the cold from freezing up his limbs, for they could not light a fire, due to the fact that it would lead the enemy right to them. In order to keep his mind from the exhaustive boredom and anticipation of the fighting ahead of them, John thought about Sherlock and chuckled to himself, for he knew that even though he had left Sherlock behind for his own safe keeping, he also knew that Sherlock was bound to be boiling mad. Well, he would have to make it up to Sherlock at a later date. John smiled hoping that his punishment would involve a riding crop. “God, life had been so dreary before he met Sherlock,” John thought, as he practiced defensive moves with his sword. He thought of Sherlock that first day in the lab and he inwardly smiled at the memory of Sherlock winking at him and saying, “The name’s Sherlock Holmes, 221b Baker Street.” As John continued to train, he felt a chill of foreboding pass over him, “John, you are just imagining things, for Sherlock is safe back at the village,” he thought as he thrust his sword in front of him in a virtual killing strike.
A few moments later Sherlock gently laid the heated blanket over John and smiled when he saw chill bumps come up on John’s arms. “That feels so good,” John murmured as he slowly opened his eyes.  The sun was just beginning to set and John pulled the blanket under his chin as he looked over at Sherlock, “Sherlock, I’ve slept the whole day away. You didn’t stay here the whole time did you?” When Sherlock didn’t answer John sighed, “Sherlock, you must be hungry and most likely have to go to the loo by now.”
You soothe your hand over my curls. “Sherlock, you are so gifted. I love you so much. We’ll talk about the living arrangements. I’m sure we can work something out.”
You and Anderson laugh together. I look from one of you to the other, not sure if I should join in or not. A gasp from the bed relieves me of a decision. “God, please don’t make me laugh any more. It hurts.”
John frowned, “How am I supposed to get close to her?”
When he was through Sherlock sank to the ground, seemingly obsessed with the piles of glass around him, finally he raised his head and Mycroft walked over and held out his hand to help Sherlock up, Sherlock was about to refuse, but thought better of it as his feet slid on the uneven floor. “Sherlock, now you know what is like in our funny little brains.”
Sherlock shook his head, “You might not be well enough to…Well, you know.”
After he obtained the key Mycroft approached the door with dread, wrinkling his nose in distaste at the curling paint that hung from the door in unruly curls, Mycroft reached out and peeled a curl of paint from the door, letting it flutter to the floor while he summoned up the courage to open the door. “Take a deep breath, Mycroft and open the door,” Mycroft whispered to himself. As the door creaked open, Mycroft coughed at the musty smell coming from within, streams of light filtered in through the boarded up windows illuminating Sherlock as he lay curled up on the floor like a woodland animal. Mycroft coughed again as he made his way across the room and  bent down to Sherlock’s side. “Sherlock?” Mycroft whispered as he turned Sherlock over on his back. Sherlock’s skin was cold and for a moment Mycroft thought he was dead. However, as Mycroft took Sherlock’s limp wrist in his own, he felt a slight pulse. Mycroft then slipped his arms underneath Sherlock, carried him to his room, and tucked him in. For a moment he stared at Sherlock as he slept, his high chiseled cheekbones and white translucent skin reminded Mycroft of an alabaster sculpture-a cold statue, a work of art, with features frozen in stone, never to love, never to smile, never to laugh. “Sherlock,” Mycroft whispered, as he hesitantly brushed a sweaty curl from Sherlock’s forehead. He then turned around, pausing only once at the door to make sure Sherlock’s chest rose and fell, as it should, as it did for all living things.
My whole body tenses and not in a good way. “Absolutely not I’m a bottom.”
I open my eyes, giving Mycroft a malevolent stare. “What is it? How to do you expect me to get anything done with you constantly hovering over me?”
I chuckle. “Maybe. Do you want to smoke some weed?”
He looks up at me and smiles. “No, but I will be.”
“Kill it,” Lestrade screamed, “Kill it Sherlock.”
The security officer had begun to lose patience as he looked at John’s horrified expression. “Mr. Watson or should I say Doctor, please get dressed and come with us? We’ll leave for a moment and give you some privacy.”
She giggled as she handed Sherlock a box of needles, syringes, and vials of the green liquid. “I wonder what the chemical composition of the drug is.” Sherlock thought as he turned the green vial around in his hand.
Sherlock jumped up from his chair and stood in front of Mycroft. “Don’t talk of John as if he were a pet. He is a decent, loyal, wise human being, and my friend. I miss him.”
Downstairs Sherlock could hear Mrs. Hudson nattering around below him. She was singing some sort of tune. “God, the woman has no sense of pitch,” Sherlock thought as he made his way to the couch. He hadn’t been dressed in two days. Sherlock curled up in a ball trying to evade the chill and the suffocating emptiness of the room around him. It was no use. “The black mood has won again,” Sherlock thought as his palms began to itch.
Sherlock stopped just before the door. “You, John, you have been the target the whole time.”
