“Or, two,” he continued, unable to stop himself now he’d started – why had he started, again? “You can turn the charm on a little, go buy that guy a drink, and save yourself from that shitty motel mattress for a night.”
Not only had he not managed to flick back over to girl porn before he’d blown his load, but he’d been
Each day, after school, he’d pick Sammy up and they’d walk back to Bobby’s house. A couple days a week, they’d stop in at the local market, and Dean would let Sammy pick out some candy with the money Bobby had insisted on paying him for helping out at the ‘shop on weekends. Sometimes, they’d pick up pizza, or pie for dessert, to save Bobby from having to cook. It was nice.
“Ah,” Cas murmured, and Dean could just imagine his embarrassed frown. “That makes a lot more sense.”
Another thing to add to the list of times Castiel had lied to him. Dean bit his lip to keep himself from saying something he’d regret later, and instead peeled himself away from Cas’s body to lean back on his haunches. Colour was draining from Cas’s face by the minute, and he realised he was going to have to put away whatever feeling was bubbling hot and painful in his chest for later, because it was beginning to look like this was a lot worse than even he had thought.
“Dean…” Castiel started, but promptly closed his mouth when Dean crossed his arms over his chest. “I –“
swore like that – not even when all seemed lost, or he was in agony. It was something to behold, Dean realised as his pants began to tighten a little, to hear him blaspheme so viscerally.
They were only a couple of hours out by the time Baby started to splutter, so Dean pulled into the next Gas-N-Sip he could find for a refuel. Cas went inside to stretch his legs with strict instructions to pick up a couple of their least anaemic-looking hotdogs and whatever soda had the most sugar in it; meanwhile, Dean swiped his card to fill the tank.
“You want to scatter the balls quickly,” he murmured, lining the cue up. “It, um, it makes it easier if they’re not all clumped together.”
“This one looks pretty good,” he announced, feeling the need to fill the silence with something. “We’re gonna have to keep an eye on the infection, but it won’t need stitches. Lift your arm a little? It needs covering.”
of unsavoury things that night. There, in the car, in front of Drew’s house, Dean had been called things he had never even
Cas nodded, and quickly typed said address into the map browser. As soon as he hit enter, a pin appeared… right on top of a lone house that sat within the perimeters of the proposed development land.
Cas wasn’t in the library, nor was he in the war room. He had no reason to be in any of the storerooms, or the basement, so Dean headed towards his bedroom instead.
He couldn’t think of a monster that would drain a human to the point of near dust. Vampires and Djinn stopped drinking once a person was dead – vampires, because of their reaction to dead man’s blood, and Djinn because… he wasn’t entirely sure, but it had to be for similar reasons, right? Maybe it tasted different, like milk after it had gone bad. What he did know was that humans died from blood loss
He wasn’t going to cry, he told himself firmly. It was bad enough that he’d gotten off to fingers in his ass while thinking about another man, but crying afterwards? He could practically hear his father turning in his grave. Shame, deep and sharp, bubbled in his gut, and he had to take a moment to just breathe through the nausea that was threatening to spill out of him.
“Oh, dude…” Dean flashed his best shit-eating grin as he reached into his pocket and fished out a handful of sticky membrane and blood-red shell. “Guess you got a little too
“Dean!” he continued to smile, and then gestured to the girl behind the counter. “Natalie here helped me with your purchases.”
, and the world made sense. He missed the easiness of their little family, him and Sam bouncing between teasing and teaching Cas about the human world.
with him? Why was he simply unable to control his thoughts – thoughts that he had been so good at keeping a handle on before any of this mess?
“Don’t need the details,” Dean waved him away, because the evidence of the evening before was slapped on the internet for just about anyone to see. “Why didn’t you tell me when you saw him? He was in our
, though, right? Way these reports are telling it, there wasn’t an ounce of blood left in these poor bastards’ bodies.”
Mary gritted her teeth, already fed up with the incessant beeping and bustling of the hospital. Her eyes flicked to her son’s face, nearly unrecognizable with tubes in his nose and throat, bandages covering almost everything but his eyes. She squeezed his hand comforted by the rise and fall of his chest, even though she knew he was being sustained by machines.
“He’s been injured, but nothing critical,” Anael answered. “Oh...he just killed Naomi.” Everyone was once again dead silent, knowing that Jack must be closing in on Michael now. “Gabriel has joined him and....”
“Jack!” Dean and Cas were both out of their seats and rushing toward the newcomer, surprising Claire a bit as they both easily embraced him, Dean even ruffling his hair. The three of them spoke quietly for just a moment before Jack - whoever he was - pushed past Cas and Dean to approach her.
Jack was sitting up on one end of the couch, though he seemed to be asleep, or at least resting, with his head lolled over half on his shoulder and half on the back of the couch. Claire was lying along the length of the couch with her head in Jack’s lap and the blanket Cas kept there spread over her. Dean smiled fondly at the sight and as quietly as he could, crept into the room and took approximately a million pictures of the pair of them. He left them to sleep a bit longer, heading to the kitchen to make breakfast.
“Yeah kid, here, go get three,” Dean pulled a ten-dollar bill from his wallet and handed it over. Claire beamed and practically skipped over. She had the drinks within a few minutes, joining Cas and Dean at the car.
“Well, what is this?” John Winchester’s voice made Claire’s heart sink to her stomach while simultaneously making her want to punch him in the face.
“Bobby’s first, see if he’s heard anything similar,” Dean said, explaining what Jo had told him over the phone on the five minute drive to Bobby’s place. When they arrived, they didn’t see Bobby’s truck in the driveway, but Karen’s sensible sedan was parked so they still pulled in and headed inside.
“I left my phone in here so the cakes were in the oven way longer than they were supposed to be,” she groaned. “And we don’t really have enough time to make another if we want to actually eat it on Dean’s birthday.”
“Four weeks,” Dean corrected. “And there’s plenty you can help us do. Cas has his garden that you can help with, Miracle needs a walk every day. We get hunters calling in all the time for some help with lore.”
“A lot more,” Sam whispered. “I didn’t see her for the first 30 years. We were both too busy being tortured. But...one day, Alastair said he had a new form of torture to try. And he brought in Bela. And he tortured her in front of me and that’s...that’s when I said yes. I couldn’t do it. I couldn’t watch him hurt her.”
“You had a very complicated relationship with your father, Sam, and it’s okay to be conflicted about his demise,” Cas said, doing his best to keep as unbiased as he could. Sam gave him a tight smile and looked out the window where Dean was sitting on the hood of the Impala.
“Okay, so Lilith is in charge. Why is she doing all this? What’s the point?” Sam asked, Castiel finally turning to look at him rather than Dean.
It didn’t take long for Jack to discover that his powers were useful in many ways. He knew that he could transport himself anywhere he wanted, he knew that he could make things explode, and he knew that he could read minds. What he didn’t know, was how to use those powers in the way he wanted and when he wanted, instead of at random.
“I don’t really know if this gonna work or not, but might as well give it a go,” Dean muttered. “I pray to Castiel, angel of the Lord...we kind of really need your help, man. Something’s going on in this town that just ain’t natural and we have no way of figuring out what it is. So if you could fly your way here sometime soon, we would really appreciate it.” He waited a few minutes, leaning against the railing, to see if Castiel would show. When he didn’t, Dean shook his head and went back inside. “Nothing. We’re on our own for this one, Sammy.”
“They’re just over that hill,” Jack answered easily, pointing the way to Sam. “I’ve visited them a few times, mostly to apologize to Mary about what I did.”
“Oh,” Jack jumped up and reached out, hands glowing as he tried to tug the bracelet off, but it didn’t even budge. “I don’t know why it’s not coming off.”
“I don’t know what that is but it sounds good,” Jack said once he was finished getting dressed, the clothes baggy on him but at least they covered him up.
“Of course,” Dean smiled reassuringly. “We’re gonna get you in the back of Baby, and Cas is gonna drive your car back, okay?”
“Let me guess,” Gabriel started, “The nephilim has gone wild and you’re asking me to help you put a stop to it.”
“That’s not the same as actually wanting me to be your dad, though,” Dean protested. Claire rolled her eyes and looked at Jack. They were thinking the same thing, good. She walked over to Dean and hugged him tightly.
“Don’t do that,” Dean said, cutting him off. “Where you were, what you had to do and go through...there’s no telling what me and Mom would have done, okay? If we would have held out longer or said yes earlier, there’s no way of knowing. So don’t do that to yourself.” Sam nodded, though didn’t look convinced by Dean’s words.
Sam typed up a text to Mary, cursing when the message refused to deliver. “I guess even in a nice place like this, the midwest still has shitty cell service,” Dean said.
After Claire’s epiphany, she was much more relaxed around Jack. By the end of the first movie, they were done with the snacks and on their third beer each, laughing together at something mundane that had happened in the movie that really wasn’t as funny as they were making it out to be.
Dean stood at the sink in their motel bathroom, scrubbing at his hands. The Siren’s blood covered them, crusting over his skin and getting stuck under and around his nails. His breathing wavered as he shut the water off once it ran clear, even though he could still see red in his nail beds.
“You talk like that all the time?” Castiel frowned again and opened his mouth to question what Dean meant but he just raised a hand to stop him. “Don’t worry about it. It’s kinda cute.”
However, as soon as he saw who was sitting in the middle of the room, all thoughts of his horny brother and angel best friend vanished because there was Famine.
my dads,” Claire protested but after a long moment, “I’ll text Dean and let them know we’re coming.” Kaia smirked and ducked back into the bathroom to finish washing her face before joining Claire on the bed.
“Before you blacked out, did you smell anything out of the ordinary?” Mary continued, watching Troy intently but keeping her gaze sympathetic.
“Hey douchebag!” Dean got Alastair’s attention, causing the demon to let go of Sam and stalk the few steps toward him. “You don’t fucking touch my brother.”
house?” he yelled, turning back to the laptop. Yep, that was why he’d recognised the room – because it was
It was Cas’s voice, gravelly, unmistakable even honeyed by lust, and Dean had thought, in his pleasure-fogged brain, that his mind had conjured it up in the wake of his fantasy and impending orgasm. But as his shaking fingers pressed the rewind button, as he truly looked at the men on the screen, he realised it had all been real.
“He is very attractive,” Cas admitted quietly, though his face was pinched. “But we’re in the middle of a game.”
that simply staying on Earth had been hurting Cas all this time. He hadn’t thought about the consequences of Cas falling beyond the actual act, and now he realised, all over again, just how selfish that had been. Had Cas known this would happen? Dean had to believe that he hadn’t, otherwise why in God’s name would he have done it at all? They weren’t worth –
With shaking hands, he forced himself to move. If he kept moving, he didn’t have to think about what he’d just done. He could ignore the twinge in his ass as he reached for the shampoo, and the twitch in his cock as he soaped his body. He ignored the quiver of his thighs when he climbed from the shower and quickly towelled himself dry – ignored how constricted he felt when he pulled on a pair of briefs and sweatpants and an old, ratty t-shirt – and he
? He wasn’t gay, so how was it even possible? In any other world, in any other moment, he could have easily written it off as a mistake, as confusion, but he knew, deep in the heart of him, that that was a lie. It was a lie, because even now, panting and spitting bile into the dirt, he ached for Cas’s touch, his words, to soothe the pain away.
so close, but risked a hand at Cas’s waist for just a second to balance himself. He moved it quickly, afraid if he didn’t he’d want to leave it there forever, and instead moved his hands so they brushed against Cas’s on the cue.
, it’s such a small part of the bigger picture. The stuff you want to do afterwards – the… the holding? Wanting to take care of another person? That’s more than monkey brain stuff, man. That’s the kind of stuff you do with people you actually care about.”
– let that happen with Cas, too. Just being his friend was risky enough, and Dean knew he couldn’t survive losing him altogether, so he had to stow this crap and pretend it wasn’t happening. He could do that.
“Yes,” Cas hummed a moment later. “I have the coroner’s reports in front of me – they all confirm puncture wounds in the same place. Although… the cause of death has still yet to be determined.”
“C’mon, boy,” he’d murmured, and placed an arm around Dean’s shoulders. “How ‘bout you go find that brother of yours while I call Sal’s? I think we all deserve pizza tonight.”
There was a bar on the edge of town with a parking lot where they left Baby. The sun was beginning to disappear beyond the horizon as they set off towards the house, and Dean realised, with a pang, that he hadn’t eaten anything all day. His stomach growled in frustration, but he ignored it – there’d be time for food later.
Dean had readily agreed, already excited, and by the time Saturday afternoon rolled around he had barely been able to contain himself. Sammy, in true little brother style, had taken to making fun of him, but Dean, in an uncharacteristically good mood, had let the weak jibes slide.
“It’s better than nothing,” Dean replied, and rolled his sleeves down to hide the cuts he had made. “Anything is better than nothing.”
The following drive to Dean’s new school had started silently, but Bobby, who always seemed to know what Dean was thinking, had eventually murmured, “You just focus on yourself, boy, and let me worry about Sam.”
“I agree,” Cas replied. “I’ll see if I can find any more information in these reports and call you back.”
“Do you know where it might have taken him?” Sam asked, continuing to push the conversation regardless of how Dean was starting to spiral.
It felt different, now, than the last time they had cut through the overgrowth to the building beyond. Dean didn’t know if it was the later hour, bathing everything in a rich, inky darkness, or whether it was because he was alone with the knowledge of the true nature of what he was up against, but he found the hairs on the back of his neck start to prickle as he ascended the stairs of the porch – this time making sure to avoid the creaky boards. The air was still, dead, as he reached out and gingerly pushed the door open; like last time, it swung in on rusty hinges with barely any force at all.
A few hours and several pop albums later, Dean pulled into the driveway of his mother’s house. Before he could even turn off the car, she was outside the front door, waiting to greet them. Once she made her rounds, giving everyone a hug, she ushered them inside.
“Yes, each soul in Heaven is given their own…small piece of it, you could say. And in that piece, they live through their happiest and most joyful memories.”
Now that Jack was training with both Gabriel and Rowena, he had a much better grasp on his powers, how to control them, and what he could use them for.
“There’s nothing wrong with feeling like that,” Cas said quietly, startling when the shower shut off. “I have to go now, Jack, I have to tell Sam and Dean what’s going on.”
“Absolutely no hunting by yourself,” Dean said sternly. “Why don’t you see if Jody or Donna know of somewhere that you could work? My mom might be able to help you out too, but she runs a small business out of her house, so I don’t know that she’d have much to offer in that department.”
I regret more in my entire existence. I would give up everything I have to make things right for you.” Claire just watched him for a very long moment, eyes watering a little.
“Cas thinks of you as his daughter. Dean does as well. They are my fathers, two of them anyway. That makes us siblings,” Jack said happily. “I thought it would be good to get to know my sister.”
“Sorry I don’t have many rooms,” Mary said sheepishly, “But you girls can take the air mattress in my office, and Jack, you can take the couch in the living room, if that’s okay.”
“That’s not all though,” Sam wiped his nose. “After I said yes, she did too. And when you’re good at...what Alastair did, you got rewarded. Time off, that kind of thing. And so we saw each other, not very often, just a few times. But we got close. She...she was all I had down there.”
Gabriel studied Cas intently, clearly having thoughts he wasn’t willing to verbalize. Finally, “I gotta meet the kid, then. I don’t know if I can help him with his abilities, but, I’ll see what I can do.”
“It’s not looking great for Gabriel’s side,” she commented, “They definitely weren’t prepared enough to deal with a threat of this size, and it looks like Gabriel is keeping your nephilim as far away from it as possible.”
They started the day with breakfast from Dean’s favorite diner, which Claire had to run out to get way earlier than she wanted to be awake. They brought him breakfast in bed, and Jack showed up just at the tail end of their meal. After Dean had gotten ready for the day, Cas easily lured him out of the bunker with a promise of some time alone away from their kids. Claire pretended to gag, Jack simply waving as they left.
“I’ll be right back,” Kaia said and helped Claire into the bathroom and into the shower, clothes still plastered to her body. “You get clean. I’ll come back, okay? Just get undressed and get clean. I’ll get you some clothes.” Claire didn’t say anything as Kaia left, going to Jack.
Castiel narrowed his eyes, tilting his head, “I think you’re mistaken, it was my brother Lucifer who fell. I’m Castiel.”
They decided to grab some food before making the drive back to Sioux Falls. They found a small diner not too far down the road, Sam and Dean getting their respective salad and bacon cheeseburger, while Cas simply ordered a cup of coffee that he didn’t touch. Cas and Dean sat on one side of the booth together while Sam got the other to himself.
She only sat on the edge of her bed, but she did clasp her hands together. “Hey Jack,” she started. “It’s uh...it’s been a while since I’ve done this but I figure you’re much more likely to listen then the last guy. I know you’re busy, so like, I don’t wanna keep you, but I needed to tell you.” Claire took a deep breath. She wasn’t even sure why she was doing this except she really was - Cas and Dean deserved this. “Your dads...our dads, they miss you. A lot more than they’re letting on. But Dean has been in the garage working on the Impala every day since you left, and Cas has been going crazy in his garden. I know you obviously can’t stay here or anything, but maybe you could come down more often? Something like a weekly family dinner night, I bet they’d like that.” Claire was silent for a moment, though she didn’t really expect an answer instantly. “Just figured you should know.” She sat up, dropping her hands to her legs. Hopefully the prayer got through.
For the next few days after Jack visited, Cas and Dean were both quieter, more morose, Claire noted. It was a bit unnerving, especially for Dean. So Claire decided to make an executive decision and, for the first time in a very long time, sat down to pray.
“Sounds good,” Claire muttered, giving him half a smile - at least she tried. She’s not sure how well it translated. Cas smiled back all the same and stood. He said something to Dean, kissed him, and then got in Claire’s car. Dean shut Claire’s door and then slid in the front. Soon, she could feel the comforting rumble of the Impala’s engine and they were on the road.
“I am always happy to help when I can,” Castiel said with a small smile. “Spending time on Earth with you...and Sam, it has become what I look forward to the most.”
“Well it’s not gonna happen like this,” Dean said forcefully, shutting down any more opposition before they could even speak it. “So what’s Plan B?”
Claire could only stomach two bites of her slice before she had to set her plate down but Dean ate his entire piece and even got a second, eating half of it before he called it quits. “Ready for your presents?” Claire asked. She was excited for Dean to open her and Jack’s gift. While they had each gotten him a separate present, they had also agreed on a joint gift.
“I’m helping you with the dishes,” Jack answered. “Dean and Cas cooked, so we have to clean. It’s the rules.”
Thank you all for reading this fic! You can find me on tumblr @hazloveshisboo and Grace @hellerberniesanders! Also, there are several possibilities that we will write a sequel/one shots set in this universe because we love it so much so keep an eye out!
“Hello, dear boy,” Rowena said, unable to help the smile that spread across her face, “You must be Jack. I’m Rowena.”
Jack took a deep breath and knocked on the front door of the house, smiling a little when Mary was the one to open it and greet him. “What are you doing here?” she asked.
“Why would Lucifer go to Georgia?” Cas asked but Dean just shook his head to stop anyone from answering.
Sam looked down at himself, now completely free of dirt and grime. He ran his tongue over his teeth, surprised to find that his mouth was now completely free of dirt, “Thanks. Do you have any idea of how I can find my mom and my brother?”
“The Cupid is here,” Cas said, interrupting the collective stunned silence, “I can sense him. Meet me out back.”
“Don’t look a gift horse in the mouth, Sammy,” Dean replied, “We get a night off in a nice place for once, let’s just enjoy it.”
“Whatever, just...be careful okay? I don’t want any broken bones,” Dean said and waited for them to nod before closing his bedroom door. Claire met Jack’s eyes and they both burst into laughter, Claire carefully extracting herself from Jack before standing.
“Bobby? Who are they?” he asked, wishing he had thought to grab anything when he heard Bobby’s panicked yell.
“Did you graduate high school?” She nodded, so he continued, “Have you taken the SAT or the ACT?” She nodded again, and by the time they were done, she was fairly confident that she had a decent shot at getting into at least a few of the colleges that they looked at together.
He was passed out - a little drunk, a little exhausted from the past few days - when Dean found him curled up in a bed that wasn’t theirs, several hours later.
Cas lugged the unconscious man - vampire - back to the car, straining under the larger man’s weight. Fortunately for him, John kept his trunk about as well-stocked as the rest of the Winchesters did, and Cas was able to tie him up and deposit him in the trunk. Cas pumped him full of another syringe of Dead Man’s Blood just to buy himself more time.
Cas drew in a shaky breath, “She hugged me and told me she was sorry, that she knew how close Kelly and I were. Even after I …” he hesitated a moment, trying to get the words out, “I don’t deserve it. She has every right to hate me.”
Despite Michael’s defeat, the hunters weren’t confident that that meant the angel complications were entirely over. Mary, Bobby, Karen, Donna and Jody planned to go back to Sioux Falls in the next few days, but vowed to stay prepared to come back and help at the first hint of angelic interference.
“I think they’ll be glad to not have to sneak around their kids,” Claire snorted. “They’re not subtle, Dean’s constantly covered in bruises that he can’t say he got on a hunt.” Jack nodded, watching out the window.
“But not impossible. Now get us home so we can actually figure out what we’re dealing with,” Bobby said. Dean just nodded and pressed the pedal down a bit harder, the engine roaring as the speedometer climbed.
“I’m sure it’ll be fine,” Dean said, grabbing the knife and cutting slices for all of them. They waited, watching as Dean took his first bite. He chewed slowly, and even though Claire knew it was awful, she would never be able to tell by Dean’s face. “Like I said, it's perfect! Thank you two for baking me a cake.”
They said their goodbyes, Dean giving the two a warning of what angel travel could do to their insides, and they were gone, leaving Dean alone with his mother, his brother and a load of research once again. He opened his laptop and dove back into the research, pointedly ignoring the looks he knew that they were giving him about his kitchen conversation with Cas.
No matter how much time Cas spent around John Winchester, he could never get used to the oppressive dread he felt around the man. Having rebuilt Dean from scratch after his time in Hell, and in the subsequent decade that he had spent by his side, he hated John Winchester more with each anecdote that he learned about the man, and the handful of times that they had met. John had begrudgingly accepted that Dean and Cas were in a relationship, and nothing he could say would change that, but that didn’t stop him from trying every time he could corner Dean, Cas, or the both of them together. In one memorable occasion, he had tried to convince Sam to break them up, which resulted in him slinking out of the bunker early, a shiner painted across the left side of his face.
“Goddammit!” John slammed his hand on the table, startling Jack and causing Kaia and Dean to flinch. “Your mother never should have died in the first place and it is our duty to save her!”
The dog, now Paperclip, tilted his head and perked his ears up. “It’s perfect,” Jack said with a smile. The two spent the rest of the day together, Jack sitting with Paperclip while she ate and then taking her outside when Cas suggested that she might need to urinate. They walked around the perimeter of the bunker and even without a leash, Paperclip never strayed more than a few feet from Jack’s side. Jack showed her around the bunker once they were inside again, explaining each room and what it was for. Paperclip followed him around diligently the entire time, seemingly smiling at him as she sat and listened.
Cas nodded, “She responded really well, actually. I tried to cut him off but she actually agreed with him. I know that she’s aware that I didn’t actually father Jack, but, I think she understood what he meant.”
“That’s one way to put it, I guess. But for Mom and Bobby and Sam, it was people they couldn’t save,” Dean took a swig from his beer.
“I received orders to come down here. Something is going on, and since everything seems to center around the two of you,” Cas gestured between Sam and Dean, “they thought you’d be the best place to start.”
“But I want to stay here,” Sam had said.  Dean hadn’t said a thing, just set his jaw and stood up.  Sam had pouted on the couch but Dean had grabbed his hand and pulled him up and up the stairs - Bobby had been surprised he didn’t drag his feet.
“Jack…” Dean’s voice broke as he stared at the younger man. “Thank you,” he yanked Jack into a bone-crushing hug, which Jack happily sank into, letting himself relax in the arms of his father.
“It wasn’t much. But the few times, being able to talk to someone I knew, it helped. And she’s still down there,” Sam looked down, the familiar feeling of guilt icing over his insides.
“Only four months,” Castiel said with a wry smile. “My heart couldn’t take living without you. I knew where I belonged.” Dean let out a wet laugh and rushed forward to kiss Castiel, Jack stepping back to avoid getting trampled. He watched fondly as the two men clung to each other, as if they had been separated for years.
Once the fire was fully out and Claire’s wrist had been dealt with, Dean sat the three of them down in the library. “What the fuck was that?” he asked, incredulous.
“You didn’t teach us anything,” Sam scoffed. “Besides how to be your perfect soldiers. You stopped being family - stopped being our father - the minute Mom died.”
After returning to Sioux Falls, Mary and Dean collected Sam and headed over to Bobby and Karen’s. Karen had headed out to help a neighbor with a few things, and to take a break from researching. Bobby was sitting in the living room, Hunter curled at his feet, as he read through an old bible written in Latin.
Jack landed back at Cas and Dean’s cottage, everyone still gathered on the back deck. “Kid, what the hell? Where did you go?” Dean asked, already standing and checking him over.
Ellen walked into the room, Ash just a few steps behind her. She surged forward and hugged each of them, “Shit, it’s been a while since the last time we were all together. It’s good to see everyone up and walking,” she said with a bit of a laugh, “Especially you, Sam.”
Knowing only the address to the hospital, but not Dean’s room number, Sam and Castiel were forced to speak to the reception desk to inquire about where Dean was. Once they had the information, Sam turned to Castiel, “My family is already going to be … seeing me is already going to be a lot, and they’re probably going to come at me with salt, holy water, and silver as it is. You should… wait here. I think seeing you would be too much for them right now.”
“No, no that was fine. I just wasn’t expecting all that,” Claire handed over the last bowl, pulling the plug to drain the sink. “Do you want any snacks for the movie?”
“Nope, we’re waiting until we can talk to Mom,” Sam shook his head. He remained silent the rest of the journey back to the motel. Luckily, she was showered and redressed by the time they arrived, so Sam just threw himself onto one of the beds.
When they returned to the room, several of their friends were ready to retire for the night. Bobby and Karen put on their coats and headed out the door, waving goodbye to everyone. “I should probably get to bed too,” said Mary, “If I’m going to drive Ellen and Jo back to Nebraska tomorrow.”
Dean could practically hear Sam rolling his eyes as he continued, “There’s not a whole lot of information, but I did what I could. They’re… well, they’re giant, vampiric birds –“
Which was boring. It did mean the old broad had died in the house, though, which was definitely more interesting.
“I don’t like seeing the people I care about hurt,” he replied, proud of how even his voice was, even if he had to clear his throat first.
But Bobby, in his ever unwavering, knowingly silent support, had taken one look at Dean on his porch that day – at the tears in his eyes, and the tremble in his hands – and had jerked his head towards the house.
knew it wouldn’t be right to dump anything else on the guy when he was already so obviously confused about his own surge of new feelings. It wasn’t fair to expect Cas to worry about him when they had so many more important things to concern themselves with.
“Yeah,” Dean hummed, not really sure what else to say. “So, we… my immediate thought is vengeful spirit, right? Dead old lady going after all the people who wronged her when she was alive? And then the girl who desecrated her grave?”
The storm was still raging, was the first thing he noticed, quickly followed by the way the light from Castiel’s phone danced across his face where he laid, propped up against the head of the bed. He hadn’t turned any of the lights on; he
Cas didn’t seem convinced; his expression was pinched as he looked at Dean, seemingly trying to find something in his expression that would either confirm or dispel his worry. Dean did his best to appear relaxed, pulling away from Cas’s hold just enough so he could settle back into his seat and ready himself for the drive back to the motel, but he could feel Cas’s eyes burning a hole into the side of his head all the same.
wasn’t worth the pain that was weighing Cas’s shoulders down, the sadness that made his lip tremble.
“I didn’t – we didn’t,” he gasped, shaking his head even as Dean moved closer to softly wrap him in his arms. “I don’t
Hidden from the beam of his flashlight by another jagged corner, he hadn’t spotted it at first glance. A nest in a cave in the forest wasn’t a particularly strange thing to find, he reasoned, but as he stepped closer, as his flashlight caught more in the darkness, he realised just how
He couldn’t bring himself to finish his sentence. Dread, cold and heavy, had settled in his gut, drowning out some of his initial panic. Dread was worse, he thought; dread was a little too close to acceptance, and he had neither the time nor the patience to unpack what that might mean.
Cas made his next shot, and didn’t mention the fact that Dean had been waxing poetic about him, so he forced himself to relax again. He could still feel the guy watching Cas, his presence like a beacon in the din of the bar, and found he didn’t really like the feeling one bit.
Dean and Cas are forced into another conversation about feelings, and Dean finds himself falling further into confusion while taking a (rather steamy) shower.
- at the mark on his arm, at the angels for what they had done to him, and Sam, and Cas, and the demons for the same thing. He was mad at loss of Kevin, and everyone else in his life that had left, or died, or been taken from him, and at the monsters that had done it all. But most of all, in that moment, he was angry at the
“The aim of the game is to pot all your balls – to get them into the holes,” he corrected when Cas opened his mouth as though he was about to ask what
“That’s it,” Dean soothed, finding himself matching Cas’s breathing when it suddenly felt like he was seconds away from falling apart. “Almost done, and –
. Dean swallowed heavily, hands clammy around his cue, and had to tear his own gaze away lest he accidentally pop a boner in the middle of a crowded bar. He felt Cas’s eyes even as he turned to bend over the table, but found he could at least breathe a little easier as he focused on his first shot.
Dean shook the ranger’s hand, nodded his head in greeting, and pulled his badge from his pocket again. “Dean Morello, FBI. You want to tell me what the hell is going on here?”
Dean spluttered, caught between choking and laughing, and had to take a swig of his beer to give himself a chance to calm down. He wasn’t blushing – he
The hunt for Famine followed a similar trajectory to that of War and Pestilence. Jo and Ash worked tirelessly to build new algorithms to track signs of excessive famine, but the prevalence of world hunger made that feat incredibly difficult. In the lull between new drops of information from the news the Winchesters were tracking, or the output of Jo and Ash’s algorithms, Cas still dropped by to spend time with Sam in the morning, even as he grew to need it less, and Dean in the evenings.
“Sammy, you get the gas, I gotta take a leak,” Dean said as he got out of the car, tossing him the keys. He headed inside and got the key from the clerk before making his way around the back of the building.
“Most of it has been shit,” Claire agreed. “But if you hadn’t possessed him, I wouldn’t have ever come out. And I never would have met Kaia.”
“Nothing you puny humans can do to me will be even a modicum of what I can do,” Pestilence said, bringing his hands together, twisting his ring around his finger slowly. “After all, disease always wins. Your species can invent as many vaccines and cures as they want, but disease, bacteria? They have one purpose. To divide and conquer.”
The next time Claire woke up, she was in a bed in a dark room. She grumbled, sitting up slowly. As her eyes adjusted she realized she was in her room at the bunker. She saw the bottle of water sitting on her bedside table and grabbed it, gulping it down without pause. After a few minutes of psyching herself up, she stood, taking a deep breath at the pain shooting through her leg, though it wasn’t as bad as she remembered. She made her way out of her room and down the hallway. She eventually found Dean and Cas in what everyone but Dean called the rec room - he still insisted it was the Dean cave.
Dean waited for just a moment, facing where Sam had disappeared through the tackily painted door, and then rounded on Castiel, who was perched gingerly on the edge of Dean’s bed.
for them – fought with them, again and again – and he’d even moved into the bunker when Dean had asked. Confusing feelings aside, Cas was the best friend Dean had ever had – the only friend, if he really thought about it – and the idea of losing him to some faceless hunk was a little more than Dean thought he could bear.
Until he was idly scrolling through the ‘rimming’ tag in the bunker’s kitchen one day, deciding between huge bites of sandwich how he was going to spend his alone time that afternoon, when a particular thumbnail caught his eye and almost made him choke.
The problem, however, was that his brother could be just as stubborn as him when he really wanted to be. Almost a month had passed, and Sammy was still giving him the doe eyes whenever he didn’t think Dean could see him. It was the worst when he and Cas were near each other, so Dean had had no choice but to take a step back, distancing himself in case he accidentally let anything else slip that might further whatever argument Sam seemed to be putting together in his mind.
“Oh, and Dean?” the stranger hummed; Dean shuddered at the sound of his name on his tongue. “If you have any chance of getting back what’s yours, you’ll bring me what’s mine.”
“Your grace,” he whispered, watching in sick fascination as whisps of white-blue escaped through the wounds and disappeared into nothingness. “Cas,
“Just take your turn,” Cas muttered, handing the cue ball back to him. Their fingers brushed, just for a moment, but it made Dean’s chest flutter.
Almost convincing himself that he wasn’t acting exactly like the first dead chick in every horror movie ever created, he gritted his teeth and slowly eased the door further open. Light flickered across the dark walls beyond, long fingers coaxing him down into the basement below, and he stopped only to swap out his gun for the flamethrower before ducking forwards to begin his cautious descent.
He then waited a courteous ten seconds, got no reply, and smashed his phone to his ear with Cas’s number lighting up the screen. While it rang, and Dean very consciously didn’t think about what he and that guy could be up to by now, he glanced around to make sure they weren’t still hanging around somewhere.
The answer, Dean quickly realised, was obviously not, else they were in a lot more trouble than they even realised, because the next thing he spotted was a small, glass vial that had rolled away to rest against the wall, half-hidden by candles. He reached out, feeling bile beginning to rise in his throat as his hands wrapped around it and he felt the familiar thrum of Castiel’s grace against his fingers, saw the blue-white whisps swirling around inside. A small, neat label had been wrapped around the vial, simply reading
Dean let him, of course. He stood there for a moment, hand in Castiel’s, weighing up how stupid he’d look if he simply turned tail and ran out of the door. Cas seemed to be weighing something in his mind, too, because his brows had knitted together again, and he appeared to be searching for something on Dean’s face. Then, seemingly satisfied with whatever he saw, he silently drew Dean down to the bed and brought their faces together for a passionate, if somewhat chaste, kiss.
It was a tight squeeze, as he’d expected, and he had to keep his head tucked low against his chest to keep from accidentally knocking himself out against the ceiling. He shuffled along on his knees, and it was slow going; his cheap suit scraped against the walls and ceiling, and the noise would surely alert any animals hiding in the depths to his presence long before he came across them.
“Too risky to lure each victim down to the creek, being so close to the campground,” he hummed, spouting his thoughts aloud. “There would have been blood traces, right? DNA? Evidence of a fight, maybe?”
“Dean found a video of you and that guy you brought home a few weeks ago,” he told Cas bluntly, and Dean didn’t quite understand how none of them had burst into flames, because he sure as hell felt like he was about to. “And he doesn’t know how to talk about it, because he’s a child.”
“There are differing reports,” Sam hummed, voice pinched. “Some say poisoned milk, but others say it has to be burned alive. Can’t imagine it’d survive getting its head chopped off, either.”
The video that he definitely hadn’t gone back and watched the entirety of. The video he hadn’t paused right as Cas had climaxed just to jerk off all over himself. He wouldn’t do that, because Cas was his best friend, and he’d already decided he wasn’t going to think about any of it. Besides, he didn’t come over gay porn because he wasn’t gay.
“No, Sammy, c’mon,” Dean replied, and childishly slapped the book out of his hand again. “Cas fucks, fine, whatever, but you can’t think he knew this guy was filming him, right? And to upload it to a porn site? It’s… it’s amoral. It’s sick; we have to –“
The drive was pretty uneventful, up until them having to stop for gas. In an attempt to settle things once and for all between them, Dean had let Cas play his dumb pop music for a couple of hours; Cas’s smile more than made up for Beyonce tainting Baby’s stereo system, and though he tried to stifle it in the ten and two position on the wheel, even Dean found himself tapping along to the beat before too long. If Cas smiled a little brighter when he did it, well… Dean just pretended he hadn’t noticed.
“I don’t fucking think so,” Dean growled as he leapt over the closest table and charged War, which startled the horseman just enough that he didn’t see Sam coming from the side. Dean shoved him against the wall, Sam helping pin him down. “Where the fuck is Lilith? We know that she’s behind all this, so you’re gonna tell us where she’s hiding.”
“Dean, Bobby!” Mary shouted as she ran into the house, her gun pulled and trained on the door. “Something is going on.”
“We all have our vices, mom, nothing to be ashamed of,” Dean said and kissed her cheek before gagging. “But damn do you need a shower now. So do you, old man, you smell like a liquor store.” Bobby rolled his eyes.
“Wh-what?” He mumbled, looking around, letting out a deep sigh of relief when he saw their rented room rather than the deep red of Hell. “What happened?”
When Sam saw the way that his brother’s jaw clenched, he decided to change the subject, “I’m hungry. What do you say we stop somewhere for breakfast, and then find a motel? I know you haven’t slept in at least 28 hours.”
“So, two rings down, two to go, huh?” said Sam, repeating Dean’s words from earlier while also trying to escape the silence that filled the car, “Let’s find Famine.” Dean hummed in agreement, but Cas stayed totally silent, so Sam kept talking, “Do we know what the deal with the rings is?”
“It’s worth a try, I don’t know if he’ll listen,” Sam shrugged and sat down at the small table, opening up his laptop to try and do some of his own research. Dean huffed a bit but stood, heading out on the small balcony to get a little bit of privacy from his brother.
“So we just have to keep safe until then,” Bobby said. “I need to call Karen, tell her not to come home yet.” Dean nodded and stepped closer to Mary, glancing around warily. He wasn’t sure why he hadn’t seen anyone yet - there were a number of people he had failed to save.
Claire stood up from the picnic table, reaching for the switchblade in her pocket, “Who the fuck are you?”
“Your boys?” Claire furrowed her brow, and suddenly remembered where she recognized him - Sam and Dean’s old pictures. “John Winchester?”
“It means, Dean Winchester, that in the millions of years that I have been alive, that I have been watching over the people on this planet, there are always people, always humans, that are willing to fight for the rest of humanity. And you are one of them.” Dean’s head shot up to look at the angel, mouth dropping open to respond but no words sounded. Castiel smiled. “I look forward to speaking with you more Dean, but for tonight, you should rest.”
Sam snored in the back seat, oblivious to the conversation going on in front of him. “Yes,” Cas said, “I understand that, but why can’t
As soon as they arrived home, Jack led the dog to the kitchen. “What do dogs eat?” he asked his dads as they followed him.
“Shout if something happens,” Dean said tersely before he finally followed Sam further into the church. The ground level was completely empty but soon they were taking the stairs up to the attic. They could hear movement from behind the door, but it was too muffled to know exactly what was happening. Sam gripped his gun with one hand and used the other to turn the knob, opening the door slowly in hopes whoever was in the room wouldn’t notice.
“Don’t you think this is a little weird?” asked Sam, “Why would there be a hotel this nice in the middle of nowhere? How the hell do they stay in business?”
Dean took a deep breath, steeling himself, “Cas isn’t going to do anything until I call him back. He wanted to make sure we both got a chance to, you know…” he trailed off.
“This,” Bobby said, dropping a book nearby. “A spell to banish restless souls. The ingredients are upstairs.”
Jake lunged toward him, knife in hand as if to kill him in nearly the same way as Sam. He was dead before he even got close, as gunshots from multiple directions rained down on him as if his friends and family were saying “You already took one of our boys, we won’t let you have this one”.
“I’ll do my best. Have you called Sam? Give him a heads up?” Claire looked up at Cas, resting her chin on his chest.
“We can watch them tonight, after dinner!” He said excitedly. “It’s been a while since I’ve been able to watch anything.”
“Yeah,” Dean replied, pulling out of the parking lot, “We’re headed back to the motel now. The hearts have some kind of Enochian markings on them, Cas says that it seems like a Cupid is behind all of this. We’ll see you in a few.”
“I’m sorry for making you talk, kiddo,” Dean said, glancing at the bracelet wrapped around her wrist. “I didn’t mean to force you into it.”
Dean collapsed against Cas’ chest, fully sobbing now, and Cas finally understood. It wasn't sadness, wasn’t grief. It was the combination of relief, and guilt that had sent Dean over the edge, and that was a feeling Cas could relate to.
“Man, didn’t I tell you I don’t give a fuck about your villain speech?” Dean rolled his eyes. “Either stop talking or-” Dean interrupted himself immediately with a horrid, hacking cough.
The dog watched him warily for a long moment before he sniffed Jack’s hand. Jack wasn’t sure if it was because he was a nephilim or something else, but the dog decided immediately that he was trustworthy and nuzzled into his grip, soon stepping forward to tuck itself against Jack’s body.
Castiel continued, unphased, “There are several signs that we can track in order to predict where he’s going to be. You should be looking for signs such as polluted rivers and the destruction of infrastructure. We also know that he’ll be wearing a ring, which is the source of his power.”
“Alright, I know you’re not gonna like this, but I’m gonna have to help you,” Dean said, kneeling on the floor to first take Claire’s boots and socks off.
“You don’t know why you’re not safe?” Dean asked, furrowing his brows. Jack’s head snapped to look at him.
“It’s okay, it’ll be hard to avoid,” Claire said nonchalantly. “And obviously it’s true anyway. You two...you’re like my dads. And I haven’t one of those in ten years so it’s nice.” She noticed how guilty Cas looked at her statement.
“Nothing,” Claire smiled a little. “You’re just very pretty.” Kaia couldn’t help but flush at the compliment, still not used to it even after all these months together.
“Castiel,” Jack said, pretending that his voice didn’t break, or that his heart didn’t ache with relief when the man turned around and Jack finally saw his face again.
“Cas...he possessed my father,” Claire answered, figuring being honest would get her out of there the quickest.
She released him, and sat back down at the table. She typed furiously at her laptop for a moment while Dean pulled out the chair across from her. “I’m here,” she began, still typing, “because Ash and I know where Azazel is going to be.”
Before she could get a word out, he had disappeared. Fully unsure of what to do, she ran down the hall shrieking for Dean, tears streaming down her face already. To her relief, he was sitting at one of the long tables in the war room, speaking to Rowena and Sam. He ran over to her and put his hands on her shoulder, concern radiating off of him, “Hey, what’s going on? It’s okay.”
Dean felt the familiar rush of air and when he opened his eyes, Cas was standing in front of him. “You’ve located the horsemen Pestilence?”
As predicted, Dean and Cas reentered the bunker after they were unable to get a response from Gabriel. Generally disappointed with the failure of most of their tasks, everyone slowly trickled back into the room, save for Sam and Bela.
Sam launched into the whole story, explaining how he had awoken underground and how, after digging himself out, he had met Castiel in an abandoned convenience store, “I didn’t have my cell phone, and so after I couldn’t get ahold of any of you,” he indicated towards Dean, Mary and Bobby, “and I didn’t have anyone else’s number, I had Castiel take me back to the house so I could contact anyone else. I finally got ahold of Ellen, who pointed me in the right direction.”
“Don’t talk with your mouth full,” she admonished. “And you two, always. He worries when you go out on cases alone, especially with angels showing up and getting signs of the apocalypse.”
Dean sped back to the motel and hurriedly unlocked the door and threw the lights on. “It’s a Siren! Get up so we can go kill this son of a bitch!” Sam and John groaned in unison as they were forcefully awoken. Dean didn’t waste any time, gathering everything they would need that was in the room, dumping it in the backseat of the Impala as Sam and John pulled their boots and jackets on. “Let’s go kill us a Siren,” Dean grinned as they were finally all seated in the car, tires squealing as they raced out of the parking lot.
Rowena nodded politely, “This will do for now, but it might be wise for us to do some of our work outside. I’m not sure how powerful he’ll be, or how much space we’ll need. We can start small and build up, though.”
John was never satisfied with his guesses as to what happened that November night, but he’d started picking up hunts of his own and started calling and swinging by for research.  He was green while Bobby had been at it for a while, and he remembered what it was like right after Karen died.  Probably would’ve put a bullet in his mouth if he hadn’t run across Rufus with about the only good luck he’d come across the past couple of years.  No matter how much he complained, Rufus was there when he needed him.  John didn’t seem like the type, but he couldn’t stop thinking about the kids sitting in some rundown motel room waiting for their daddy to come back, not knowing that he never was.  So he helped him out when he could.
“Somehow you always know what to say,” he said, closing his eyes as he kept Cas’ hand pressed to his lips. Cas smiled a little.
“It’s Pestilence. He’s in Davenport, Iowa,” Jo said over the phone. Sam, Dean, and Mary were sitting around their kitchen table with Dean’s phone in the middle, on speaker phone. “At a nursing home, called Serenity Valley Convalescent Home. Three residents have died in the last week, all from the same thing but the coroner couldn’t actually figure out what it was.”
“Maybe, but it’s as close as we can get for now, and that’s what matters,” Claire said and wrapped her arms around Cas’ chest. “Thank you, for...what you said.”
Claire texted Kaia to let her know when they were on their way home so Cas could call Sam, so by the time the three returned to the bunker, they were all well prepared for what they would be walking into. Claire met them in the garage to help carry everything, and as they brought in the last load, John was waiting in the library.
“Yeah yeah, Sammy, I remember,” Dean grumbled, pulling his keys from his pocket. “Work then play.” They drove closer to the center of town, finding a small inn to rent a room in. They got set up pretty quickly, dropping their bags onto their respective beds.
Dean was first to stumble into the kitchen, bleary-eyed and grumpy. His mood was not improved when he saw Castiel seated at the kitchen table, “Oh,” he said, “How nice of you to spare a second for someone other than Sam.”
“Dean will as well. He’s never been good at standing up for himself, but for those he loves? He would go to the ends of the Earth. He has, and he will do the same for you,” Cas spoke gently and Claire nodded, letting out a little sob as Cas stood and pulled her with him, letting him envelope her in his arms. She felt Cas’ arms tighten around her by a fraction just before someone stepped into the kitchen.
Sam nodded once, gratefully, and excused himself, saying he was going to call it an early night. Bobby stood up and made his way into the kitchen, where he found Dean staring out the window, a blank expression on his face.
“Of course we can, but I meant...what was the other thing?” Dean asked, Cas rubbing a hand over his lower back. Cas knew that Claire and Jack were thinking of switching over to calling Dean Dad - she had brought it up to him a few days ago. She didn’t want him to think she didn’t think of him as her father as well, but calling Cas dad while he still wore her biological father’s body...that wasn’t something she thinks she could ever do.
“You have to admit that was funny as hell, man,” he said between gasps of air. “You went on about how intimidating prime numbers were for five minutes before Sam finally took pity.”
Dean shook his head, “He ran off. Cas found him… he found him feeding on a woman. He has him restrained in the trunk, pumped full of Dead Man’s Blood but…”
Suddenly, there was a scuff on the floor to her right and she stood, aiming and pulling the trigger. Her bullet made contact with the rugaru’s head, thankful, but as he was dying he rushed her, throwing her back into the shelves against the wall. The shelves were full of old paint cans and cleaners and as she fell to the ground, she could feel something dripping all over her head and back.
“Sounds perfect,” Dean said gratefully, keeping an arm around Cas’ waist. “I’m fucking beat. I’m gonna go change if you wanna order something? You know what I like.”
“No, wait, wait I - no!”  Bobby just watches as he hits her.  His hands are shaking, his heart is pounding.  He just watches.
“Don’t suppose you could just God magic it clean?” Claire suggested. Jack had confessed to her that he didn’t like to use his powers for human things, especially when with Cas, Dean, or Sam. When visiting, he wanted to be their son, not God.
“He’s alright,” Cas replied as he sat down on the bed, “Claire and Kaia are sitting with him now. What are you up to?”
Christmas was mostly a calm affair, besides the wrapping paper war that Claire and Jack got into after all the presents were unwrapped. She didn’t get very much, some books and a new machete with sigils carved into the blade from Sam and Eileen, a brand new leather jacket that somehow fit her perfectly from Jack, but the best gift was from Cas and Dean. Her brand new birth certificate, social security card, and Kansas driver's license that named her Claire Olivia Winchester.
Seeing the confusion in Dean’s eyes, Sam stepped closer, “Dean-” he started, but was cut off when Dean turned to see him for the first time.
“Not good company then,” John smirked as if he didn’t even hear Cas’ threat. “Where’s Sam? We need to talk.”
“Hey, my brother and I were just passing through when we noticed how...empty this place is, it’s a bit of a strange sight. You guys just that good at your job?”
“You know,” Bobby said, addressing the room, “I’d have to talk to Karen, but we have another house in town that we bought with the intention to flip, but... things got in the way and we never got around to it…if the girls want to take it…”
“You should go shower,” Sam muttered after a long while. “You’re covered in blood.” Dean nodded and patted his brother’s shoulder before standing and heading to the bathroom. He spent a long while under the spray of the water, making sure to rub every fleck of blood off his skin. He spent five minutes scrubbing his fingers until they were
Cas knelt by Sam in an awkward approximation of an attempt at comforting him, “Sam, you did what anybody would have. Many humans would succumb earlier than you did, in fact, many did. The reason the seal was broken was because you were the first
“A Lawrence man going to Mizzou? Good to know that you have good taste, at least,” the man took a gulp from his beer, and Dean watched the way his Adam’s apple bobbed, biting his lip as he imagined his own doing that as he was on his knees for this man.
“Uh, yeah, we just have a couple questions about all this demon shit that’s been happening lately,” Dean said with a half smile. “We know it’s demons and we know that these are signs of the apocalypse but that’s it dude, we got nothing else. And Mom and I just got back from talking to a guy that killed 66 kids. We need answers.”
Jo, Mary and Dean had gone to the motel room, telling Sam and Castiel to wait in the car so that the situation could be explained in full before Bobby was actually face-to-face with the two of them.
Ellen and Jo made eye contact for a moment and then turned to him with a nod, “That sounds great, thank you, Castiel” replied Ellen with a smile.
Cas sighed, but nodded, “Okay, fine, but the second something goes wrong, I’m going to intervene and put a stop to it.”
Claire giggled as she could hear Dean muttering to himself about where he had set his car keys, sure he had dropped them on the library table. The keys were currently sitting on Dean’s dresser where she had deposited them after swiping them from the table where Dean had set them after getting home from the grocery store.
“I don’t know, but Bobby just got the same thing, a couple of kids he didn’t save. Why are these people coming back? How are they coming back?”
“That means you won’t be tired when you get off work then,” Dean said as he leaned against the counter. Sam rolled his eyes and shoved Dean out of the way before the nurse could reply.
“It’s not a mystery,” Sam huffed, glancing around. There were too many demons to fight on his own - and he truly was on his own until Famine was gone.
“I am unsure of who gives the orders, I am too low of rank to speak with them directly,” Cas explained.
“Cas,” Dean pushed himself to stand up straight and took a few steps closer to the angel. “Is that what she’s doing? Following a list?”
Dean rolled his eyes, pointedly not engaging with the question. As he was looking around, a car caught his eye. It was a cherry red 1965 Mustang Fastback, unmarred despite the destruction surrounding it.
“Come on, we can go to our room and watch a movie or something,” Claire offered with a soft tug to Kaia’s hand. “You too, Jackie.” She led the two of them past Cas, Sam, and John, down the hallway to her and Kaia’s room, locking the door behind them. “What movie should we watch?” Jack selected a movie from their list on Netflix and soon they were all tucked against each other in bed, watching the movie whilst silently comforting each other.
“Yeah, and just cause you’re all-powerful or whatever doesn’t mean you don’t need your vegetables,” Dean said definitively, which Claire couldn’t help but snort at.
“And then...then he started getting ideas. That I was staring too long at boys. Taking an interest where I shouldn’t. And it got worse. Sent me on my first solo hunt, a couple of ghosts of some queer nuns, as if to tell me that- that being a fag meant going to Hell.”
clean. Not a speck of blood or dirt anywhere he could see. He dried off and dressed in clean clothes, joining Sam back in the room.
“You’re really going to shoot your own father, Sam? After everything I’ve done for you? I gave up my life to raise you two. I fed you, put a roof over your heads. Doesn’t family mean anything to you, boy?” Not-John scoffed. “Fine. If you’re so sure, shoot me.”
Kaia rambled about her needs and wants, her apprehensions and her goals, as Sam opened his laptop, inputting the proper criteria to search for colleges that would be fitting for Kaia. He pulled up the admissions requirements to a few of them, and then asked her the appropriate questions.
“Hopefully through breakfast,” Cas said, resting his forehead against Dean’s. They were both so incredibly proud of Jack and everything he was doing, but he was still their kid and they still missed him deeply.
About a week after Sam finally came clean about most of his time in Hell - he still wasn’t ready to talk about Bela in depth, feeling the most guilty about not being able to save her as he promised - when Cas showed up much earlier than usual.
This time, Bobby sees when Dean is washing his dishes in the sink.  Bobby had been out in the garage for a few hours and had come into the kitchen to see Dean with both his sleeves rolled up to his elbows.  Bobby waited for him to turn the tap off.
Ellen got up, gathering the dirty pint glasses in front of everyone, “So it’s settled, then. Y’all can stay at our house and we’ll leave in the morning.”
The first thing his eyes registered was Sam, tied to a chair in the center of the room. He surged forward, knife ready to cut Sam free of his bindings. “Dean, no!” Sam yelled out, at the same time that a woman stepped forward, pushing him back with surprising strength. Dean slashed at her with an angel blade, surprised that it had no effect. He reached into his waistband and aimed the Colt at her.
“Yeah, well, it wasn’t my intention, was it?” Sam said warily. He wasn’t sure what Famine’s game was - bringing them here knowing they were hunting him and his ring.
“No thank you, I do not require sustenance of any kind,” Castiel declined. “But I appreciate the offer.” After repeatedly rejecting the offer of a beer from Dean, the human had told Castiel that even if you don’t accept, you should still offer gratitude - it was the human thing to do.
On cue, Sam and Dean heard the tell-tale sounds of intercourse coming from the next room, headboard slamming rhythmically against the wall as grunts and groans permeated the thin walls that separated their rooms. “Like that,” Dean said, “They seem to be enjoying themselves just fine.”
Usually he left his sons alone, too busy with a handle of Smirnoff and someone else’s wife to pay attention to anything else, but on the rare occasions that he was mostly-sober and desperate enough to retain a modicum of control over his sons, he’d drop by and burden them with his presence until he instigated a fight, and then disappeared for another indeterminate length of time.
Sam choked and gagged, trying and trying again to get a breath of clean air. He spat dirt from his mouth,  heaving as he blinked against the near blinding light. He wiped at his mouth with the back of his hand, surveying the land around him. He raised his eyebrows, noticing that every tree in the area had fallen, as if a bomb had gone off and cleared everything in the surrounding area out, and he had been the epicenter. He stretched, trying to ease the ache in his arms from digging himself out of what appeared to be his own grave.
His mother is still on her knees, sweeping glass and ceramic, “It’s okay, see?  I’m almost done - you just relax a-and have another drink.”
“It’s okay,” Dean confirmed. “I love you, I love you more than anything, Claire. Nothing you do will ever change that. You are...you and Jack, and Cas and Sam...you all mean the world to me.” Claire’s lip wobbled as she stared up at Dean.
“I had to, if I didn’t want the shit scared outta me every time,” Dean replied as he emerged. His hands, wrists, and forearms were smeared with engine grease, as was his white shirt that he had worn. He pulled the rag from his back pocket to try and wipe as much of it off as he could. “What brings you down?”
Though bloody and bruised, Jack was smiling when he reappeared in the bunker. “Jack,” Cas gasped, with tears in his eyes and surged forward to hug the nephilim, “We were so worried about you.”
“Well hot damn,” Claire said with a wide grin. “Let’s go, we should still hurry.” Kaia opened the door to Cas and Dean’s room which was thankfully empty, and they set to work. Jack and Kaia worked on the googly eyes, only sticking them to Dean’s things, while Claire dumped glitter all over Dean’s clothes in his dresser, as well as his shoes in the closet, upending an entire bottle of hot pink glitter in a pair of his boots.
At that, the man slid into the booth next to Sam. He beckoned for a waitress and when she walked over, he ordered enough breakfast food to feed at least 5 people. After the waitress walked away, he turned back to Dean, “Let me just get to the point here, I know what you’ve done to my brothers and I know why you’ve done it, but you’re not going to do that to me.”
“He did way worse than hitting me,” Dean looked out over the lake, taking a deep breath. “He would beat me until I couldn’t move. Broke don’t know how many bones that never healed right. I was nothing more than a means to an end for him. A soldier to help find the demon that killed Mom. A protector for Sammy.”
“I don’t know why you insist on driving, when I could transport us there in seconds,” Cas said grumpily from the passenger seat.
“Not his time, yet,” Dean said with a shrug. “But he’ll be here soon enough. Tell me about what you’ve been up to.” Jack nodded and began explaining all the changes he had made to Heaven and the Angels since he had become God, finishing with the open Heaven.
Claire lifted up the key, looking at Cas and Dean, both of whom were openly crying now, “Is this… a car key?”
“No, no, the children are all perfectly fine. It’s...it’s your father. There was an incident between him and Claire. I am not sure of the specifics, as Jack was relaying the information second hand but...your father is dead,” Cas finished and looked between Sam and Dean, neither man displaying any emotion.
“Even worse. I can’t wait for him to be gone,” Claire sat on the floor with Jack, who was playing a video game on her laptop. “Don’t know why he’s even still here. It’s obvious none of us want him here.”
It was nothing new - Dad had a hunt, he always had a hunt.  It’s just that this time they happened to be near enough to Sioux Falls so that he and Sammy didn’t have to hole up alone in a motel room for two weeks while they waited for Dad to finish up the job.  Dean didn’t have to wake up to the pounding anxiety of meticulously counting out every cent before he started each day, didn't have to decide what shitty gas station food they’d be eating that day.  Bobby always had soup, and plenty of stuff to fix sandwiches.  Dean wondered if he might make them tomato and rice.  His stomach growled as they stood there waiting for Dad and Bobby to finish up.  They hadn’t had breakfast yet.
“Ellen can we please just,” Sam sighed and shook his head. “A glittery pink tiara and tutu while everyone else got to be Ninja Turtles.” That seemed to satisfy her that it was indeed Sam on the phone.
“Do you know who I am?” Dean asked, taking a single step forward. Jack regarded him seriously and then looked at Cas.
After they iced the cake and decorated it, Claire covered it in sprinkles and wrote ‘Happy Birthday Old Man’ across the top. The final touch was the candles, only using nine, three of each color, and then Claire carried it into the library, setting it right in front of the seat at the head of the table.
“What are you reading?” Claire asked, pulling the book closer to her, though she couldn’t recognize any of the letters...or symbols that were on the page.
Cas patted Dean’s thigh sympathetically, but smirked at the kids’ thought process. Dean let out an exaggerated sigh, “Fine, we’ll do it your way.”
Claire laughed as she easily rounded the tables and was back in the hallway before Jack could steady himself. She passed her door easily but as soon as she made it back to the library on her second lap, Jack had caught up to her. She was coming up to the turn when felt a tug on the back of her shirt as Jack yanked her, causing her to lose her balance and crash into the table as Jack continued sliding ahead.
Dean let out a sigh, and folded his arms across his chest as he leaned back against the table. He tried to remain calm as he explained to John that their job was always about making choices and trying to do the best by everyone, and that it wouldn’t be in anyone’s best interest for them to go back on the promise that they had made to Jody.
“Hell, I can teach you how to run a credit card scam and you can get Sam into daycare.  Bet it’d be good for ‘em, being around other kids,” Bobby said one night.
Without Dean beside her, Claire collapsed into a chair and Kaia rushed over, cupping her face, “I’m so sorry I wasn’t there. I can’t believe this.”
Once breakfast had been served, Sam mentioned that he was planning on driving into town for a grocery run, and asked if anyone had any special requests. Once breakfast was cleared up, Sam got ready to leave, and faced with the decision to either stay inside with her thoughts, or go with Dean to watch Jack and Rowena, Bela chose the latter.
“You sound pretty excited about having to wake up in the morning,” he said as he walked them back toward the bedroom.
“Great,” Dean rolled his eyes. “But that’s something else we can give to Ash and Jo. It’s not too much but it’ll help.”
After she had gone through three rounds of cleaning every inch of their house, she was still most of the way to a full-blown panic attack. She plopped down on the couch, heart beating rapidly as her chest heaved with shaky breaths. Before her mind got in her way, she dialed Dean’s phone number.
“I’m good, and Jack is right. I do know what it is,” she took a deep breath, rubbing the back of her neck. “I haven’t really felt like a Novak for a long time, not since my mom disappeared, but I didn’t really have another option. I tried out Mills for a while, cause Jody is like a mom to me but it didn’t really fit either. But, I know what does fit, who I want to be.”
“Shit,” Dean mumbled and hurried forward. “Claire, you remember the whole thing with Lucifer’s Nephilim child? That we kind of raised, and then he defeated Chuck and became the new God?”
Jack didn’t speak with Dean for three days following his refusal to adopt a dog. He spoke with Cas still, but any time Dean tried to talk to him, Jack simply left the room. Even when they had gone out to go grocery shopping, Jack followed them silently. It was only on the way back to the bunker that he finally broke his self-imposed vow.
“I wouldn’t know, Dad, because you never fucking talk about her. All I know is the one picture we still have, and that she loved me,” Sam’s lower lip quivered and he shook his head. “I can’t deal with this anymore Dad. I don’t want to hunt, I don’t want this to be my life - I never did! You were just too blind or drunk to see it!”
.  Always hungry.  Back in June he’d made himself sick the first night they’d stayed.  He’d made breakfast for dinner - because John always showed up unannounced, and the only non-canned food he consistently kept stocked was stuff for a hot breakfast.  Bobby couldn’t keep track of how much the kid had eaten, had just stood at the stove and kept making pancakes while he’d them down.  The kid always ate like that, the morning after was no exception.
Ignoring the fact that it was just shy of 3 in the morning, Dean banged on Sam’s door and yelled for him, only slightly regretting the knowledge that Bela would be woken as well. After a few moments of grumbling and shuffling, Sam flung his door open, Bela buttoning up one of Sam’s flannels behind him.
“Yeah, I’ve never really been here long enough for the opportunity,” she pushed herself to her feet and gestured for Jack to follow. They walked down the hallway until they reached the stretch with all the storage rooms. “Which one?”
“I’ll start on the kitchen,” Jack said easily. “And I’ll call Cas and tell him what happened, and he can tell Sam and Dean.”
“Morning you two,” Dean said, pulling back from Cas. “Claire, you want coffee?” She just nodded as she went and sat down at the table with Jack, slumping over slightly. Only a moment later, a mug of coffee was sat in front of her while Jack was given a glass of orange juice.
“Let’s not worry about that right now,” Kaia took Claire’s hand and pulled her out of the kitchen and away from the body. “Why don’t we get you in the shower?” Claire didn’t bother to say anything as she followed Kaia, Jack stepping out of their room to frown as they passed.
The next week might rank as one of the worst of Claire’s life - including the weeks her dad disappeared and when she found her mom only to hold her as she died. John, for whatever reason, hadn’t left, causing everyone’s hackles to be raised 24/7. Jack had taken to sleeping with either Claire and Kaia or Dean and Cas, not wanting to be alone ever. Even though he was the strongest being in the bunker, he was still only a year old.
“What’s gotten into you, boy” not-John asked, “It’s me, Dean. You’d do well to show me a bit more respect.”
“I will try to be of as much assistance I can be,” Cas said. “Though I do not believe I will have all the answers you seek.”
“Jack!” Dean looked almost identical to the man that Jack had left standing in the street over forty years ago - he seemed to be younger. He had fewer wrinkles, his hair was brighter, and his body more filled out.
“We’re the ones that don’t deserve you,” Dean said as he stepped forward and kissed her cheek. “We needed to ask Bobby about a case we just got, see if he’s ever heard of anything like it before.”
Cas nodded, eyes rimmed with red as he smiled sadly at them. He yelped in surprise when Claire surged forward and hugged him. He hesitated for a moment before he allowed himself to melt into the embrace, hugging her back tightly. She gave him a small smile when she pulled away.
Cas paused for a moment, thinking, “I’m not sure if he’ll need to sleep or not. Since he’s half-human, I imagine he will probably need some sleep, though not as much as we need.”
It was silent for a long time, Sam just staring down at the table as he thought about how he wanted to tell this part of his story. “I’ve told you about Hell. And what I went through and what I did. But I kind of skipped over a big part of it,” Sam admitted.
It’s Bobby’s turn to laugh, “A good example?  Is that what you’ve been doing these couple’a years?  Chasing after a ghost and dragging them along?”
Dean’s prognosis didn’t look good. The doctors had informed Mary and Bobby that the chances of Dean waking up were slim, and that even if he did, he would have permanent brain damage.
“So, how did my son end up with you?” he asked, glass of whiskey in front of him with a near empty bottle.
“It’s what remained of my grace, yes,” Cas confirmed and Claire held back her gasp. “Jack helped extract it, and I found a jeweler who knew about the supernatural so he wouldn’t ask too many questions.”
At first glance, Greybull, Wyoming looked like every other small town in the midwest. A small downtown where a hodgepodge of local businesses had set up shop with branches of residential areas surrounding it.
“Hey kid,” Dean said, pressing a quick kiss to Jack’s head. “What’d you and the girls get up to while we were out?”
Sam was sitting in the library, pouring over one of the lore books when Kaia found him. She sat down across from him at the long table, clearing her throat gently. Sam dog-eared the book, closing it on the table in front of him as he smiled at her, “Hey, Kaia, what’s up?”
Dean hesitated, looking out the window for a moment. He took a deep breath, and then turned back to Sam, “No. We’re going to get the hell out of here.”
Dean found Cas reading a book in their room, on the bed with his feet propped up, despite wearing shoes. Dean made a mental note to discuss that with him later, but cleared his throat to discuss Jack first, as that was more important. Cas smiled up at him, carefully arranging a bookmark in his book.
Once Mary and Bobby arrived, they all headed out to the bars at Cas’ suggestion that the cupid would be drawn to places with high levels of “human reproductive urges”. Bobby and Mary took the bar nearest the motel, while Cas, Sam and Dean took the larger bar in the center of town.
“I wish,” she said, grinning back at Dean. “No, everyone just seems to be healthy. No one’s getting sick and those that are get better. Makes our job easy, but boring.”
“We’ve gotta start somewhere,” Sam agreed. Dean pulled into the parking lot and grabbed a space right next to the entrance. They strolled in and Dean smiled at the nurse at the front desk.
“She...John…” Kaia trailed off, not sure how to explain. “John is dead.” Jack’s eyes widened in surprise but after a moment, he nodded.
“I remember them,” Jack replied, eyes lighting up as he turned to the two girls, “You spent a lot of time with my mom.”
His father just laughs.  “You’re kidding, right?  You’re not half enough man to use that thing.  You leave the adults to sort this out, and I will deal with you later.”  He pulls his mother up by her hair, and Bobby doesn’t think, just points.  What is he doing?
“Sammy, that man was a monster long before he got possessed by Azazel. You did what you had to do, and you saved both of us. From the demon, but also from him. Of course I’m… sad, I guess, but mostly I just feel…” he swallowed and looked over at Sam, “relief. He’ll never hurt either of us ever again.”
“Can we get a tree?” Claire asked. “Like a real tree? As a kid, we just put up the same fake tree every year.”
“It is,” Jack said. “It’s ancient Greek, it translates to Aletheia, a spirit or goddess of truth and sincerity. Which explains why I cannot remove the bracelet either.”
“Oh he - he was just washing up.  So, w-who would like to say grace?”  His mother is fluttering around the kitchen, nervous.  Like she always is.
“Can you show us? Or, not show us, I guess?” Kaia asked, tilting her head a bit as she thought over the logistics.
“Well,” Claire said teasingly, dragging her hands down Kaia’s ribs to the hem of her shirt. “You’re even prettier without clothes on.”
They were both quiet for the first thirty or so minutes of the movie, but then Claire had to ask a question, and that set Jack off as he answered, babbling on for minutes about the set design of Star Wars and that’s when Clarie realized -
“Just be careful,” Jack insisted. When Claire agreed, he turned and knocked on the door, entering with a bright smile and happy greeting. Claire waited for just a moment before hurrying down the hallway. The building wasn’t too big, only one floor, so it didn’t take her long to find the janitors’ closet, knocking with a deep breath.
Jo returned to the room moments later, a look of utter perplexity on her face, “Mary…” she started, waiting until Mary’s eyes were open, “I don’t know how to tell you this but… Sam is on his way.”
Dean let out a laugh, “Don’t be modest. I taught Sammy to drive and that was one of the scariest experiences of my life.”
“Yes, I will have to leave today, but I can stay for breakfast,” Dean smiled privately at that and soon he had all four plates on the table, ketchup and hot sauce bottles deposited in the middle. Claire and Cas perked up as they ate, joining the conversation the more food they consumed and by the time all the plates were clean and mugs empty, they were all laughing and teasing each other.
The inside wasn’t ideal. Broken windows had allowed water to enter, leaving a distinct moldy odor. The kitchen was filled with outdated appliances, and Claire wondered if they’d be able to afford to replace them.
Kaia smiled, blushing just a bit, “I haven’t told Claire yet, or anyone really, so I would appreciate it if you kept this between us.”
“Jack,” Cas swallowed heavily and looked over to where Kelly’s body lay under the sheet. “She didn’t survive.” Jack walked over to the bed and stood by the side, carefully reaching up to grab her hand over the sheet.
“You haven’t gone to see your parents yet?” Jack asked, furrowing his brows. He had thought a visit to Mary and John would have been first on Dean’s list.
Mary and Dean often sat huddled together on the couch without speaking. Both knew they needed comfort, and knew that neither had the words to say, the words to take away a pain so profound. Sometimes, in these moments together, one or both of them would cry, but most of these moments passed in total contemplative silence.
Mary looked around at the rubble surrounding them and laughed, “A horse should be pretty easy to spot around here.”
“I am inclined to extend a bit of kindness toward you for sparing my reapers when Alastair tried to kill them. I can always make more, but it’s a burden. I also believe that you two are, unfortunately, our best hope to avoid the apocalypse.”
That was a bit strange, considering Cas only used guns when he had no other choice, but there he was, standing at a stall, firing into one of the targets. “So are you going to tell me what’s going on?” Claire asked once the clip was empty. Cas looked over at her and sighed, setting the gun down on the counter.
“I cannot interfere with another deity's power,” Jack explained simply. “We should still do some research on it though, to find a way to remove it.”
“It is a long time,” Sam agreed, nuzzling into her neck. “But if we’re gonna be praising accomplishments, you deserve it for getting your certification to work as a curator. I’m glad that the art museum is giving you a chance.” Bela rolled her eyes fondly and kissed Sam again.
“It’s only about six hours, I can make it to the bunker,” Claire protested, glancing down at her leg which was soaked with blood, along with the seat of her car.
“Forget it,” Sam ran a hand through his hair as he searched for the words. “We’ve grieved, Dad. We have mourned and we have moved on. It’s time for you to do the same.”
“So that’s our best bet then?” Dean said. “Let’s get going. We have got to get this town back to normal.” With that, the three of them headed downstairs to the Impala, Castiel directing Dean to the church from the backseat. Dean parked in front of it, frowning a bit. “Doesn’t look special.”
“That sounds fun! I would like to participate in these pranks. What should we do?” Jack always sounded so earnest and sincere, it was refreshing to the girls, but especially Kaia as she had grown up in a system that was filled with dishonest, neglectful, and abusive people.
“You can’t avoid them forever,” Sam tried to reason but was cut off before he could finish his sentence.
“I don’t need to listen to the music to tell you that, Dean,” Cas said, sending Dean spiraling once more. This was flirting, he was definitely flirting with Cas, and it seemed like Cas was flirting with him. But the guy didn’t even know what a fucking engine was, how in the world was he supposed to understand the nuances of romance?
Dean let himself be led through the semi-circle of onlookers and stopped short at the sight that met him at the bank of the river. The sheriff and a park ranger were crouched, heads tucked close together, over a body. Or, Dean thought distantly, what was
He must have dozed – his exhaustion now greater than his irritation at the mattress – because it took him a second to blink his eyes open when something heavy and warm was suddenly draped over his chest.
Dean could only watch, as he dragged himself through the destruction, while they disappeared from view. It seemed only fitting, then, as his heart shattered in his chest, that the rest of the wall would take that moment to topple down, collapsing inwards directly on top of him. Something sharp and heavy struck the back of his head – and then he was gone.
“This is… good job, Cas,” he praised, and couldn’t ignore how Cas just seemed to smile all the harder. “I should fall asleep more often, huh? You’ll be as tech savvy as Charlie in no time.”
The bathroom in this particular motel was small, but the sink ran clean and cool, and there was a small stack of clean towels by the tub, and that was all he needed. Wetting the towels, and then scooping up their first aid kit as he hurried back into the bedroom, he dropped his supplies on the end of the bed and surveyed what needed to be done.
, was not on hook-up apps, and he didn’t bring strangers back to their bunker to hit and quit. It just couldn’t be true.
Dean took a deep breath and let it out again. He was still a little shaky, and his exhaustion was beginning to make itself known again, but it didn’t feel like his chest was about to catch on fire anymore. He took another breath, just to be sure, and that settled him even further.
Cas didn’t pot another ball, his hands suspiciously tight around the cue that offered absolutely no manoeuvrability, but he did successfully back Dean into a corner surrounded by spotted balls.
It's stated in the tags, but just an additional warning for panic attacks in this chapter, in case that's a thing for anyone <3
“You okay down there?” Paxton’s voice drifted down to him, and he clambered to his feet, rotating his arm out to alleviate some of the pain.
“New people appear dependant on your proximity, so when you enter a new location you’re paired with new potential partners!” Cas continued, as though that made it
That wasn’t how he always looked at people, was it? Or had Dean only started to notice since the revelation that Cas apparently had these feelings
Sam sighed, a small sound, and quietly replied, “Yeah, I know. But you have to be smart about this, okay? Do you think there’s a reason it targeted him specifically? Something we can lean into?”
to him about it, because that would mean admitting he had had the tab open near constantly since he had found the damn thing, and had therefore noticed when it had been taken down. It wasn’t like he was even
Sam and Dean looked at each other with matching expressions of confusion and mild panic. “Evidently not,” said Death, after a prolonged pause, “When combined, our rings serve as a key to open Lucifer’s cage. You see, at first, Lilith didn’t know that her death would be the final seal, but once she found out, she desperately sought a different solution. She’s willing to die for it, but if she can help it… she’ll take the rings.”
As a result of the encounter with Naomi, Sam and Dean had utilized every resource at their disposal. It was a good thing that the bunker had far more rooms than they could ever fill, because at their call, Mary, Bobby, Karen, Jody and Donna had crammed into Mary’s SUV and made the drive to Lebanon within a few hours. The next few days were like nothing that Claire, Kaia or Jack had ever seen. Coffee was flowing constantly, and at least 3 people were awake and strategizing in the War Room at any given time.
“Thank you for your help,” he said politely and grabbed Dean’s arm, yanking him back to follow him outside. “After the case, remember? Focus until we kill whatevers doing this, and then you can get laid all you want.”
“You’re not my dad,” Dean said, turning at the sound of Sam’s footsteps in the doorway, “Sammy, I think he’s possessed.”
Cas’ heart clenched, and any drunkenness left in him was gone as he paled, “No, of course not,” he stood up, walking over to Dean, “I just thought that maybe you wouldn’t want to see me, after…” he trailed off.
Jo stood at the doorway, clearing her throat gently before speaking, “I don’t think either of you have gotten any sleep over the past two days. Why don’t you go back to the hotel, take a shower, maybe eat something and then get a few hours of sleep?”
“I’m sorry we haven’t had the opportunity to meet yet,” Jack said, the bright smile still spread across his baby-face. “But my new duties as God don’t leave me a lot of free time. But Cas has talked about you a lot.”
“I have no clue, son,” Bobby sighed. “We’ll need to do some research when we get home. Could be something we haven’t met before.”
“That is alright. I understand it is hard for humans to rouse from their slumber,” Castiel said and took the seat next to Mary when she gestured for him to.
After much discussion, they decided that they would split up and go out on a patrol, and get back in contact if they saw a red horse or any other indication of where War might be hiding out. Sam and Dean walked one way down the road, Ellen, Jo and Mary took the other.
“You can’t see past your hair?” Dean suggested, pulling a new set of clothes from his bag. “Now, I’m gonna take a shower, you two can continue discussing my sex life if you want, but I’m not gonna be a part of it.” Dean smiled gleefully at Sam’s shouts of disgust and protests as he closed the door to the bathroom.
“It’s gotta be demons, right?” Dean said as they were driving, him behind the wheel and Mary in the passenger seat. “That’s what all this other crap has been. At least, that’s what Cas has said.”
The remodel went about as well as expected, for two teenage girls, a former angel, a nephilim who didn’t even know how to hammer a nail, and Dean, whose only building experience was from fixing his car. They tried, they watched as many YouTube videos as they could get their hands on, they spent more time at the hardware store than anywhere else in town, but even Jack’s moderate mastery of magic couldn’t help them when it came to certain aspects of construction.
“What’s your favorite movie?” Jack asked, eyes wide in earnest. That’s not what Claire was expecting.
About a week after their confrontation with Alastair, after relaxing at home - as much as they could - something else went to shit, as usual. In the next town over, a high school teacher locked a large group of kids in the gymnasium and killed exactly 66 of them. As soon as the last was dead, the teacher collapsed onto the floor.
“She did say she would not have met Kaia if it weren’t for the events that unfolded. Nor would she have ever been open with her sexuality,” Cas revealed, looking up at Dean.
That night, Dean was already in bed reading a book by the time Cas joined him, the former angel collapsing onto the mattress.
“I’m okay,” replied, Jo, sitting down at the kitchen table. She opened up her bag, pulling out a manilla folder and her laptop.
One of the human-like men stalked towards Dean, significantly taller than him, taller than Sam, even, “You incompetent mortals are the reason the apocalypse is looming on the horizon, and you expect us not to blame you for it?”
“So two down, two to go,” Dean said. “We gotta track down Famine and Death. How in the world do we track down Death?”
Dean stepped aside for a moment to pray, “Cas, if you’ve got a minute, we could use some help here. Something weird is going on. We’re at The Elysian Fields Hotel in Indiana… I’m not sure what, exactly, but something is up.”
“C’mon Cas,” Dean pouted and tugged at his hair again. Cas continued to ignore him and all of the subsequent attempts to distract him from his book. “Fine.” Dean grabbed his own book and began reading once more, the two of lounging together in comfortable silence.
“Claire!” Jack said excitedly when he caught sight of her, standing to hug her. She wasn’t sure when the Winchesters became the hugging type but it maybe wasn’t the worst thing in the world.
She was looking through some local newspapers from around Kansas online, bookmarking potential cases. “What are you doing, kiddo?” Dean asked as he walked in. He had his ‘Best Dad Ever’ mug in his hand.
Dean eyed Castiel for a moment, looking the angel up and down, and then smirked, “Did it hurt when you fell from Heaven?”
Thankfully, John’s body was nowhere to be found, and Jack was on his knees as he wiped up the blood. “Where is…” Kaia trailed off, not sure if she could get the words out.
Bobby set his jaw and nodded, turning on his heel to leave Dean with his thoughts. He made it to the living room before he heard Dean’s breath hitch. He hesitated, unsure of whether or not he should go back and offer his comfort.
“So you admit this is home?” Kaia asked. Claire glanced around at the different pictures that were taped to the wall, the shelves overflowing with Kaia’s books and journals, and the closet bursting with their clothes; so maybe they weren’t visiting so much as returning.
“Nice to meet you, now could you tell me who the fuck you are and why you’re in my boys’ bunker?” he asked pointedly.
He looked over at his mother, who had been through so much, lost her parents, then her husband, and then nearly both of her children. He grabbed her hand, squeezing it while he thought.
“I’ll do it when we get closer,” he said and pressed down on the pedal. True to his word, when they were about half an hour out of Davenport, they pulled over to fill up the tank. While the gas was pumping, Dean leaned against the trunk and closed his eyes. “Alright Cas, it’s show time. We tracked down Pestilence and we could use your help. We need your help actually.”
“He wasn’t our father, Sammy, he hasn’t been for a long time. He’s just a guy who gave us orders and expects us to follow his every word with no benefit,” Dean said. “When I saw him hit you...I’ve spent my entire life working to make sure he never laid a finger on you. I didn’t even know what I was doing. I just knew I needed to protect you. That’s all I’ve ever wanted, Sammy.”
Claire checked the map she had pulled up on her phone. “We’re close to the bunker, we could go visit,” she called from her spot on the motel bed. Kaia poked her head out of the bathroom with raised eyebrows.
Bobby stood by the door, a silver knife still raised in the air. His brows furrowed, “Is it really you, son?”
Jack immediately left the angels to continue their discussion on the expansion of Heaven and Purgatory, flying straight to Dean’s corner of Heaven. Though he had changed it to be more of an open floorplan - a term he heard on HGTV while he was still on Earth - every soul still had their own small piece of paradise to call
“We all have,” Dean said. They all bid each other goodnight before splitting off into their respective rooms. Sam and Dean took turns in the shower, Sam first and then Dean. Thankfully, by the time Dean was out, Sam was fast asleep, which gave him the opportunity to slip his shoes back on and head outside. He sat on the trunk of the Impala and closed his eyes, taking a deep breath. “Cas...I just wanted to let you know that War won’t be a problem anymore. We’re all okay. In one piece, more or less.”
“My dad has been…” Dean searched for the right words, “I’m not scared of anything. Any vamp, any demon, any monster… My dad is the only thing I’ve ever been afraid of. God, Cas,” he paused, swallowing to compose himself, “You saved me from the one monster I could never save myself from. Thank you.”
“So this Castiel, he said that he was the one who pulled you out of Hell? Did he say why?” asked Bobby, brows furrowed.
“Not particularly,” Castiel said with a shake of his head. “There’s a few entries that mention potential weapons that would work against an archangel but they are either locked up tight in Heaven with no chance of retrieving them - even with Gabriel’s help - or they were destroyed long ago.” Claire nodded and took a deep breath.
“It’s been a while since I have ridden in a car,” he said, and Claire thought he sounded...melancholy.
“I don’t need to eat, not really, but I still enjoy the taste. I’m still half-human so my tastebuds function as normal,” Jack said, somehow sounding exactly like Cas.
“Always,” Dean said with a smile and walked over, kissing her head. “We’re gonna head over to Bobby and Karen’s to see if they’ve heard of anything like this before heading out.”
“Whatever,” Dean muttered, shifting uncomfortably. “So, you got angel business you have to jet off to?”
“We wanted to see you off, make sure you had everything,” Dean said. Claire hid a smile behind her mug.
Cas’ stomach twisted, a combination of the sadness he knew Dean would feel, and the guilt over the relief he felt, knowing that John Winchester would be unable to hurt anyone else ever again. “Have you… you should talk to Sam, too. I need to move the car somewhere less conspicuous. I’ll talk to you in a few minutes, once you and Sam have…”
“It’s not the same thing,” Dean argued quickly. “Sex is… you’re physically intimate with them, sure, and it feels good to share that stuff with another person, but… that’s just your monkey brain talking. It doesn’t last forever – it doesn’t always mean anything at all. That side of it – the… the
They both knew Dean couldn’t do that, but he’d appreciated the sentiment all the same. With the ice broken, they had spent the remaining drive chatting amicably, Dean interested to know what cars Bobby would be working on in the ‘shop that day, and by the time the conversation came to a natural end, they’d been sat out front of the school for close to fifteen minutes.
Reaching into his pocket, Dean pulled his phone out and quickly sent the photos, along with a quick explanatory message, to the number he had saved under Rowena’s name. It was getting late, and she kept strange hours, so he wasn’t expecting an immediate response; he dropped his phone onto the surface of the table between him and Cas, and then glanced out of the window. The light was fading fast now, but he could still just about make out the silhouette of Gloria’s house in the distance, imposing even so far away.
“Unless you… do like tomato?” Cas continued, brows drawing together. “You always remove it, so I assumed –“
“And Tinder,” Cas replied matter-of-factly. “I’ve found that Grindr attracts more adventurous lovers, though I enjoy the flirtations of many on Tinder. I’ve learned a great deal.”
Cas rolled his eyes, but his smile, Dean hoped, was fond as he swivelled on his feet and disappeared through the door. Dean stayed silent, watching the space he had filled, brain a jumble of completely intangible thoughts.
“- feel free to contact us again with any more information,” he was murmuring, voice pitched quiet and low – obviously for a sleeping Dean’s benefit. “Yes, thank you for your time. Goodbye.”
, not dead – so Dean forced himself to start moving again, back across the room and towards the stairs. He risked them two at a time, hyper aware of every tiny sound the house made under his feet, and blew the last of the musty basement air past his lips as he slipped back out into the dark hallway. Only then did he pause again, ears still straining to pick up the slightest of sounds, before taking a few, tentative steps back down the corridor.
“Yeah,” he reiterated, and reached out cautiously to pick one up. It was bigger than the span of his hand, heavy, and as he rotated it slowly, it started to tingle along his palm, as though tiny pins were piercing his skin. Dean didn’t know a lot about eggs, other than he liked his scrambled and covered in hot sauce… but he knew they weren’t supposed to feel so
“Without a witch to guide them, they become something different entirely,” Sam continued. “Untethered, there’s really no end to the damage they could do. You said Gloria died six months ago?”
“Did you know he filmed it?” he asked instead, voice softer than even he had anticipated. “Because he shouldn’t have posted it, Cas – you know that, right? Not without your permission, and definitely not –“
before. Sure, he knew what a Rugaru was, and could list all the ways to stop a ghost, but he hadn’t known what a
Instead, he stumbled through the thicket into a clearing of sorts, and was met with a felled tree so huge he had to stop for a moment to simply take it in. The ground underfoot was indeed charred, and he stepped cautiously towards the trunk, glancing around all the time. The air was ripe with the smell of ozone and burnt wood, and it clung to the insides of his nostrils.
It didn’t make him gay, was the point. If he had just been watching dudes going at it without Stella giving him what was probably one of the top ten blowjobs of his life, nothing would have happened. He’d only watched it for a second, anyway, and he’d been close beforehand. It was the shock, was all – sex thoughts weren’t
done for Cas. How was he supposed to put all that into words? He barely understood it, half of the time, so how could Sam expect him to be capable of verbalising it? Sam
Lilah had been first, sidling up to him during second period science after the teacher had called for everybody to find a lab partner. She’d dumped her books on the bench beside him, flicked her dark, messy hair out of her face, and flashed him a dazzling smile that he couldn’t help, in his shock, but return.
He blinked, once, twice, and Cas swam into focus above him. It took him a second to figure out why he looked strange – he wasn’t wearing his trench coat. He wasn’t wearing his trench coat, because he had draped it over Dean’s body like a blanket.
“No, no,” Dean shook his head, only afterwards remembering that Cas couldn’t actually see him. “It’s fine, though; I’m coming to get you –“
“Gabriel?” he yelled into thin air, even going so far as to stumble up and check his wardrobe, because there was no way this could be anything other than one of his tricks. There was no way that was
“We don’t have time for this, so I’ll make it quick,” Sam sighed. “One, you’re my brother and I love you. Two, Cas is my brother and I love him. Three, you’re both
And that was how he found himself watching gay porn on a crappy motel tv with his dick buried in Suzie’s (Sharon’s??) enthusiastic mouth. It wasn’t even the good kind of porn, with two chicks – this was full throttle, strap yourself in and hold on tight, dude on dude action, and it… wasn’t awful. Of course, he was mainly focused on the full,
“Clever,” he purred, taking another step further into the room. “Though, I’m sure your angel would have appreciated the same treatment. A pity.”
They were no closer to figuring out just what the hell was going on – that much was clear. They had four dead bodies, freak weather, electric-shock eggs, and now a dead witch that may or may not be harbouring a grudge from beyond the grave. Some of the stuff he had seen in the cellar suggested
Castiel’s shoulder. Cas, to his credit, just stared forlornly at him as he pushed himself off the bed and back down to his knees. His side wouldn’t need stitches, he decided swiftly; the wound wasn’t wide enough to warrant them, and was already beginning to clot. Instead, Dean forced the last of the gel out onto his fingers and repeated his movements from moments ago, tenderly massaging the medicine around the worst of the redness and infection. Cas sighed beneath his touch, a tired, grateful thing, and Dean tried not to think about what it meant too much. He was obviously just glad for the relief – that was all.
