So here it was, the million dollar question. Or rather, the million dollar reply. How to answer? John took a sip of his wine to buy a little more time to decide.
”Well, at least now the neighbors will have something to talk about,” Sherlock tried to joke. John could tell he was nervous.
Sherlock tried to sit up more, wanted to touch, to kiss, but John put a strong palm on his chest, gently pushed him back down.
”As it turns out, I deserved it,” he said. ”I really had no clue! I mean, we used to party pretty hard in our twenties, but this-” he made a flailing gesture. ”I had no idea he’d gotten into this sort of stuff.”
It had been so easy to put the thoughts about Sherlock’s eventual sexuality out of his mind, back then. Tried not to think about it, figured that most likely Sherlock wasn’t into sex at all, probably way to messy and undignified for him, to pathetically
However, he did not think he could stand getting all upset at this moment. He forced his emotions under control again. Maybe he could even ask this person for advice.
”How did you even find out about this?” asked Gabriel. ”How did you know he’d told me? Did he phone you up?”
”No, I don’t think I can. Mary needed to go somewhere I believe.” And then he felt he had to be clearer. ”And also, of course, I want to see my daughter. I haven’t seen her for a week now.”
He woke up clinging to John, it was already too late, no way he could have stopped himself. John was grinding into him and Sherlock responded, pushed his leg up against him and-
”Alright.” John nods slowly, looks at Sherlock for a bit too long with an expression that he can’t quite pinpoint. ”Thank you, Sherlock. I mean, not just for this, but… It was really great to see you again.” A hint of a smile; he looks- sad? ”I can’t believe it’s been five years, doesn’t feel like it.”
”When you were talking about him, over dinner tonight,” she says, smiling apologetically. ”I’m sorry that I misunderstood, hope you don’t take offence.”
His other hand on John’s back, sliding upwards, cupping John’s neck. Moved in closer, into a hug. They had never been this close before, not like this. He felt John relaxing into his arms, dared to lower his chin to rest it atop of John’s head. The scent of John was making him dizzy.
”Thank you,” he said. ”I can’t tell you how happy this makes me. I’m overwhelmed. This is so amazingly beautiful, Sherlock. Thank you. I love you so much-”
”What’s up with the scary smile?” he chuckles, his voice still breathless. ”You look like you’re going to eat me alive or something.”
John didn't look up. He slid his fingertips down the waistband of his pants, drew them teasingly back and forth across the soft skin of Sherlock's belly for a while. Then he used one hand to grab the waistband, pulled it down, and with the other, he reached down to free Sherlock's cock and balls, got it all out in the open.
”I know what you mean,” Sherlock says so quickly he’s nearly stumbling on his words. ”Didn’t think you were suggesting-” And now it’s Sherlock’s turn to blush, John sees it before Sherlock turns away, looks out into the night.
”I know,” John interrupted. ”All those times, Sherlock, I remember them, too. I felt it, too. I just couldn’t allow myself to-” John groaned, put his hand over his face. ”I’ve been such a goddamn idiot, Sherlock, for so many years. I wish I could have been brave enough to hear what you were trying to say.”
to know what to do, how to feed her, make her stop screaming, things like that. Had even felt a certain..
Another strange thing, coming back, had been to notice that the thoughts of John had taken on a different character. It was difficult to put into words.
Sherlock intensely disliked to say things that he didn't understand. So on the rare occasions when the ’I love you’ had in fact been at the tip of his tongue, he had held it back.
John had watched Sherlock as he first sat down, awkwardly trying to dodge Mark’s questions about a subject John knew Sherlock had absolutely no knowledge of.
“I'm sorry about the baby, though.” Sherlock was looking down, and John could tell he was uncomfortable.
Holding a large chunk of the cheese in his hand, he heard a familiar, heavily accented voice calling his name.
”Wha-” he tries to say against John’s palm. John shakes his head. His eyes are fixed on Sherlock’s, wordlessly communicating something.
After John had told him he was engaged to be married, he had forced himself to stop thinking about it. He had not yet been able to completely prevent John from occasionally appearing, uninvited, in his masturbatory fantasies, or in his sleep during sexual dreams (those were the worst, uncontrollable), but he had been able to significantly reduce the frequency.
Mary raised her brows. ”John Watson, you know better than to wander the streets like that when you’re drunk. You could have been mugged! Attacked! Murdered even! You’re a father now, do try to be a bit more responsible.”
. Yes, that’s what he’ll do. Probably the best way out of this. He’ll just pretend to be still asleep, and tomorrow, he won’t say a word about it, and in all likelihood, neither will Sherlock. Just an accident. If he’s really lucky, perhaps Sherlock didn’t even notice that he was hard.
But John is still in that wound up place, only now even more so, he needs to come and he needs it right this fucking second. He pulls out, a bit faster than he should have, probably, and Sherlock opens his eyes but does not show any signs of pain. John straightens up a bit, sits back onto his knees again. He takes his aching dick in his left hand and starts stroking, setting a furious, desperate pace. Sherlock is watching him with wide eyes.
”Ah, yes, keep going,” he heard Sherlock say. And then, with something that resembled shock, John realized he was getting hard. He was hiding in a doorway, watching his best friend getting sucked off by another man, and getting an erection from it.
What would happen if he just grabbed him, pulled that warm body down on top of him in the sofa, that would be…
”But what about you?” John whispers, lips grazing against the skin on Sherlock’s throat, just beneath his jawline. It sends shivers through his body, makes his groin tingle. ”Because that’s what I was going to ask. I didn’t even know you liked this sort of-”
Their way out of the department store is quicker, the crowds having dispersed after closing hours. They stop just outside the main entrance. John’s hotel is in Covent Garden and Sherlock is heading home. It’s gotten colder, and Sherlock puts his hands in his coat pockets to warm them.
And although he knows he shouldn’t, there’s also something else in all this that’s making his skin crawl.
The past is in the past, and no amount of regret or rumination will change that. But maybe, hopefully, the future will take a different turn - starting right now.
The first time Gabriel had said it was when they had first tried penetrative sex. It was about a month after Gabe had leaned forward and kissed him and everything had changed. It had been a sunny Friday afternoon in October. Most of the other students had left for home over the weekend, but they had both told their parents that they needed to stay and study for the upcoming test.
Sherlock had his head and shoulders raised from the bed, and quickly moved to scrunch up the pillow behind him for support against the headboard. He was staring at John, probably in the same way he had been staring at Sherlock earlier. Sherlock reached up, squeezed John’s pectorals and then moved his hands down to his stomach, then even further down, stroking firmly over his thighs.
”These last few months, John, Sherlock has really been so… content, I guess would be the correct word. Maybe even happy. Lots of solved cases and very little drama. And then you come barging in again, and in the course of a few days, everything is worse than it’s been in ten bloody years! Are you beginning to understand what I’m saying here, John?”
John felt an overwhelming happiness spreading throughout him at a fire’s pace. The possible implications of what Sherlock had just said.
Once again, John got the feeling that it was some sort of cork out of a bottle-effect he was witnessing - as if Sherlock had been holding back all those things, all this time. Waiting to be able to tell them to John.
His heart was beat a little faster, and he considered taking out his phone to send a text. Then a thought struck him.
John felt a little pang in his chest, not only because of this display of affection that he was being forced to watch. He wished that he could have met Sherlock at fifteen. So many years of their lives wasted apart from each other, and now they were sitting here with these impossible barriers between them.
In the morning, he made breakfast while John got dressed for another day at the madhouse that was the Trauma Unit. Since John had gotten promoted, more and more of his time there had been spent dealing with all sorts of administrative tasks; conferences and meetings and paperwork, and Sherlock knew he wasn’t happy about that, not one bit.
John takes a seat at one of the small, round tables by the window. He’d greatly preferred the pub over Costa, of course, but no. He’s drawn a firm line about that for himself. No drinking during the days that Rosie is with him.
”Me name’s William, I’m not with the bizzies. Look, I know you must be starvin’, I’ve got some scran to send in. Pick up the phone will ya.”
”God, I can’t wait to see this,” John says, eyes sparkling. And Sherlock thinks that for the first time in a long bloody while, he’s managed to do something right.
John looks at Sherlock, wishes he could see the expression on his face. He knows Sherlock is in character right now, that this is a show, but something tells him that this, what Sherlock’s saying now, isn’t. All those years in Sherlock’s past that John never had the guts to ask about. Didn’t want to pry - or maybe didn’t want to know. Sinking, sad feeling in his stomach.
Sometimes anger would surface amongst the anxious despair he was carrying around wherever he went. Anger, because it just wasn’t fair! He’d tried so hard! Tried so so hard to repair the damage he’d caused John by not figuring Mary out sooner.
In one continuous motion, he took John’s cock into his mouth, leaned forward, exhaled through his nose. But around the point where John’s previous partners would stop and pull back, sometimes with a gag or a choking sound, Sherlock just kept going.
”I honestly don’t know how to answer that,” John said quietly. ”I don’t really understand it myself.” He looked at Gabe. ”But I’m here now to tell you that I’m stepping away. I’ll stay away. You have my word. Just… just make sure Sherlock’s alright, yeah?”
”Was he your boyfriend?” John tries his absolute best to sound completely relaxed, upbeat even, as he says it, but on the inside, it’s such chaos he’s faintly worried he’s going to be sick.
As a child, he’d actually used to be heavily into butterflies for a period of time. Maybe he’d been around seven years old. He had read everything the local library had to offer, and then made Mummy use her connections with the university to order paper copies of articles in journals like
“Please John, spare me the melodrama. You 'love' him, you say? Well, perhaps our definitions of that concept differ slightly.”
They both startled at the sharp signal, cutting through the air. John didn’t take his phone out of his pocket; the ringing stopped but then started again. John took it out, turned the signal off.
John kept fucking his mouth with his tongue, and that, combined with his fantasies, sent the last shred of Sherlock’s control out and away through the window.
Sherlock sighs heavily. ”So please spare that for your patients and your new girlfriend, because I really don’t-”
“I'd like that,” she whispered, smiling faintly between the tears that were once again trickling down her cheeks. “I'd like that very much.”
The path leading from the iron gates and up to the church has been cleared from snow and sprinkled with gravel. It is illuminated by lanterns, casting a flickering glow in the dark night. John is walking by his side, Mummy and Mycroft right in front of them, along with a large group of other visitors slowly making their way forward.
John's stomach turned a little bit when he realized this must have been from where that bottle of expensive Single Malt Scotch had been coming from, every Christmas in the past. He'd happily enjoyed it, never asked from whom it was. He'd always assumed it was from a client, or from Mycroft perhaps.
The power rush John got from feeling, for once, ahead of the game compared to Sherlock – it was as big of a turn on as the physical sensation of Sherlock's erection beneath his hand.
”I wasn’t. Oh, fuck, Sherlock- I remember getting back here, earlier that night, all breathless and laughing. Christ. I wanted like mad to just press you against the wall and-”
Standing there together, John realized that this was what Sherlock had to deal with at least every other week, seeing John and Mary together. Tomorrow, they were going to go for a Christmas Day brunch at Mary’s place, for Anna’s sake, of course.
Sherlock was making such loud noises now but maybe John didn’t mind, he didn’t seem to mind, and now John was saying something again.
It was getting too much, too soon. Sherlock thought he might come in his pants within thirty seconds if John kept this up.
How to show your firm stance while also being careful not to escalate the conflict. How to try to connect emotionally with the opponent, to level the field.
Without thinking, he reached out his right hand to touch Sherlock’s face, cupping his jaw and cheek. John could feel the tingle of Sherlock’s flushed skin against his palm, and the softness of his earlobe as his index fingertip skimmed the tip.
At times he thinks he’s still not awake, that it’s yet another drug induced hallucination, but then John looks at him and there’s sadness and happiness in his eyes and Sherlock cannot make sense of that.
About ten minutes later - Sherlock wasn’t sure because the dimension of time, in some strange way, seemed to have disappeared - he was lying on his back with one leg resting over John’s good shoulder, and the other drawn up as much as he could manage. And John - it was truly unbelievable - was kneeling in between his legs, with Sherlock’s dick in his mouth. And at the same time, he had his middle finger pushed into his hole, slowly fingering him.
He’s drifting between sleep and wakefulness. They’re still lying side by side. John has an arm tightly wrapped around him, Sherlock’s face buried in John’s chest.
Sherlock felt frozen in place. In the matter of a minute, things had turned into a disaster and he did not know how to stop it.
”To be honest, I don’t,” he said. ”I mean, I sometimes miss the people there, and I sometimes miss surgery, but- no. It all turned into this political circus. That was not what I wanted. I want to be with you, the way it is now.”
,” he mumbled into John’s shirt. ”For us, to be there together.” John thought that Sherlock’s voice sounded a little bit thicker than usual.
John laughed again. ”I think it would be more accurate to say that you tried, love,” he giggled, causing Sherlock to shove him so hard he almost fell off the garden chair he was sitting in. And that was the thing that completely did John in. He was laughing so much now that it was difficult to breathe.
“You've thought about us, like this, then?” For some reason, the question felt very intimate to pose, but John figured Sherlock had invited it.
”What?” said John, but already suspected what was on his mind. Impossible to keep a single damn thing from Sherlock. Typical.
”Thank you John. I’m so glad we had this talk.” She pats him on the arm. ”Now, go settle in, you’ve had a long trip. Then I would be eternally grateful for some help with the hors d’oeuvres.”
Gabe put an arm around Sherlock and pulled him in close. ”The guy’s an actor, Sherly. He’s in movies and some big tv-thing.”
This was not a one night stand he was the secret witness to, no. This was not the first time, and Sherlock and the guy, who ever he was, were not strangers. There was something too intimate in the way they interacted, and something too unhurried and relaxed in the way they were kissing.
He was also proud. Proud that he had managed to put Sherlock’s well being before his own, so that he could now look back on his actions along the way and still stand tall. Proud that he had done all the difficult things he’d needed to, in order for them to eventually get here, together.
The only thing it had led to, was that one day, Dr. Riyat had snapped. Sherlock was actually kind of surprised that it hadn’t happened sooner.
The girl jumped and clapped her hands in excitement as the large insect moved. He caught himself smiling back at her. Maybe she wasn’t so terrible after all, this little Watson person.
He waited and listened. There it was again. And again. From a turned down TV perhaps, he wondered, then reminded himself that Sherlock never watched the telly voluntarily.
Couldn’t Mycroft keep his long nose out of Sherlock’s personal matters for just one bloody day, would that really be too much to ask?
As much as he could, he avoided the area around Regent's Park, hadn't been near Baker Street since that last time.
But then a couple of weeks would pass, and something would happen, and they’d be back, having some version of the same conversation, once again.
During the short time it took for Sherlock to make his way up the stairs, John managed to worry about all kinds of things. Like, how should he greet him once he stepped inside? What would the mood between them be like? What would Sherlock be like - of this, John couldn’t even form a guess. It could go in absolutely any direction.
As before, it started out light, tentative, but in a matter of seconds, their kisses went from soft to hard. Then it all got frantic.
Sherlock is about to say something, but stops when John sits up between his legs, then firmly pushes his knees up. Sherlock’s entire body seems to have tensed up, and John runs his hands up and down over the back of Sherlock’s strong thighs.
And all throughout, Sherlock had supported him. Last night, Sherlock had hinted at having had feelings for John for a long time. And even so, he had encouraged him, facilitated the marriage. Why, John wondered now.
Sherlock moaned loadly at this, and John could hardly believe it was real. He stared at the sight that was right in front of him. Sherlock's dick was filled so hard it was pressing down to his belly; pale, straight and perfectly proportioned to the rest of his body. His testicles were already drawn up tightly to his body, and the tip was glistening with pre-cum.
“I guess I've just never seen the point. That, and the fact that I don't like people touching me.” Sherlock was looking down at John's hands on his thighs. John immediately removed them, suddenly feeling awful, like he'd forced himself onto Sherlock. Oh Christ.
“Sherlock, you're crazy,” he whispered. “Er, I just wanted to say - it was good to see you. Real good.”
”Ten days! Must have been a bad wound. And I can’t even imagine how you were able to tolerate ten days of rest.”
At some point, morning light was beginning to turn the black sky outside into a dark blue. He tried to get a hold of Mycroft again, to no avail.
”What was it?” John finally asks, his words spoken quietly but feel loud as they shatter the silence that’s surrounded them up until now.
As soon as the front doors shuts behind him, he takes out his phone. Checks the last texts in the thread with Rebecca, just to confirm what he already knows - it’s the ones he sent the day after their dinner. Nothing from her after that.
Sally is clearly shaken, and John notices Sherlock a bit uncharacteristically stressed as well. On the other hand, he thinks, he hasn’t seen Sherlock in action for a long time now.
They sat like that for a long time, John felt strangely empty inside but also relieved. After a while, he broke the embrace, but moved his hand to catch hers.
Finally Mummy and Daddy had decided that Mycroft was old enough to look after his oddball for a little brother, and then at thirteen, it was off to boarding school and the proper hell begun. Sometimes he wondered if he would have pulled through that final year if he hadn’t met Gabriel.
”Yes, about that, John-” She lowers her voice. ”Can I have a quick word with you, if you don’t mind?”
The blonde man turned questioningly to Sherlock, ”Bru-?” he began, then was quickly shut up by an angry glance.
”So, that narrows down the kind of activity considerably, has to be something quite strenuous that also requires a lot of total body strength. Then add to that the slight remnants of a bruise on your left cheekbone, you took a punch, and while that could have happened at work, some unruly patient, you also have a slight chip on your right incisor, about two weeks old, indicative of another impact.” He caught his breath; one quick inhale, then went on.
”I have been here almost all the time. If it was so important, you could have just come by.” Beneath his breath Sherlock mumbled, ”Since you seem to still remember the way.”
”Hey, hey…” Sherlock had apparently come out of it a bit and was trying to make sense of what was going on.
John enjoyed getting caught up in the intelligent conversation that pinged across the table. Mary was her usual, sparkling smiling self, elegantly balancing her attention between everyone, and John watched her with pride.
John thought and then immediately hated it and tried to push it away. When was the last time he had gotten a blow job? He couldn’t really remember. Before the baby, definitely. Maybe that reunion night with Mary after Christmas day?
He knew Sherlock was angry about it, too. He was bringing it up less now than before, but John figured the only reason for that was that Sherlock didn't want them to fight – and that was how it always ended up, that particular discussion.
John reached for his phone, he was certain he had put it on the sofa right next to him, but couldn’t find it. He turned around, looked. No phone. He got up, slid his hand between the cushions. It wasn’t there. Where the hell had he left it?
”You want to round off with a drink back at my place?”, she’d asked, and although his heart strangely enough wasn’t in it, he hadn’t really seen any logical reason to say no.
”Did you mean it?” John seemed quite aroused, judging by the state of his breathing. He kept rocking slowly against Sherlock as he spoke, his lips grazing the wet skin on Sherlock's neck and ear.
This chapter, although not very angsty in general (I think), contains a detailed description of the physical symptoms of a panic attack.
John had wanted to make Sherlock come first. He'd planned to put his hand around his cock very soon, but suddenly, he was overthrown with the intense, tingling first signs of climax. At this point, there was no holding back.
. Sherlock’s breathing had become more audible, John could hear the his every breath, now faster, with a small sigh of ”oh” on each exhale. And when John tilted his head slightly, he could see Sherlock from another angle and noticed that, as expected, he was naked from the waist down, moving his hips ever so slightly.
”So, Mary told me you’re an art curator. I’m sorry for not knowing these things, but what exactly do you do?”
John buried his face in Sherlock's neck, kept kissing him there, and after a moment, he moved. Ever so slowly, he lifted his hips up, and Sherlock thought that he was going to break the touch to reposition himself somewhere safer. But he didn't. Instead, he let his cock slide back down again, touching the sensitive skin of Sherlock's scrotum, and then moved until he was once again rubbing his dick against Sherlock's arse.
”I am sorry about this, I truly am. I always liked you, you’re a good man. Under different circumstances… well. Take care of yourself, John.”
He laid down next to Gabriel and pulled the duvet up over both of them. Gabriel put a heavy arm around him, and then went back to sleep. Sherlock tucked his face close to Gabriel's neck, observed how their breathing synchronised without any conscious effort. Outside, the wind had subsided and given way to rain.
”Take a wild guess,” John says, and is about to ask her if she’s a smoker, too, when his phone buzzes once - then once again, before he’s even had a chance to reach for it. Then, two seconds later, again.
”Right then,” he says. He opens the tap, lets the water run until it’s cold, while studying the contents of the sink. Picks up a mug, the underside sticks momentarily to the stainless steel. He moves to get the kettle, fills it, waits for the water to boil. The mugs feel like a sanitary hazard even after he’s washed them, so he uses some of the hot water to give them a final rinse. Finds the tea bags in the same place as they’ve always been, doesn’t even bother to look for milk as he’s very certain there won’t be any. Adds an unspeakable amount of sugar in Sherlock’s tea, then carries the mugs out to the sitting room - God, he could do this in his sleep. Knows this place by heart.
When John got back from the bathroom after having cleaned himself up and brushed his teeth with the toothbrush he had remembered to bring from his flat, Sherlock was lying on his side with his eyes closed, the duvet pulled all the way up to his chin.
Sherlock looked so very pleased with himself, but John was only listening with one ear. He was too busy remembering what it had been like to be in bed with Sherlock that one night. He wondered what he could possibly do to maximize the chances of that happening again.
“Because I will go. Mary, I'm sorry, but I just feel this – us, this marriage – it's just too damaged to be saved. I'm truly sorry for hurting you.”
It seemed to Sherlock that John was getting close, again. His eyes were hazy in that particular way that they would get, just before.
”Mm, I guess,” Sherlock replied. ”If you build it on your own. I will not spend another week as your slave, sawing up one million deck boards, that’s for sure.”
”This is all so very interesting!” a blushing but cheerful blonde woman in her thirties, most certainly the children’s teacher, interrupted. ”You must be a professor here,” she smiled. ”It’s so kind of you to take the time with the kids. You have a terrific way of explaining things to them!”
”’course,” Sherlock says. He’s sitting absolutely still, legs crossed almost as if meditating, right there on the sidewalk in the freezing night. John has lost track of time, quickly glances at the computer screen. It’s close to midnight.
He was also having trouble remembering things, and bombarded John with questions during the short amount of time he managed to stay awake. When John arrived for the second time, Sherlock was sitting up in bed, thinner than ever before but still looking significantly healthier than just a couple of days ago. In his lap was a large black paper notebook.
By the way the Sherlock was looking, John wasn’t expecting much sensible conversation, but then Sherlock suddenly reached out to put his hand on top of John’s that was still pressing to his neck. He stared at John with wild, disbelieving eyes.
Sherlock had been sitting so still in his chair, almost frozen except for his slightly swaying hips, but now, he moved to put his hands on John's shoulders.
Smells coffee and bacon, suddenly recognises that curious sensation of actually being hungry. Still hesitates, though, because- how should he act? Had preferred greatly to get a moment alone with John. Thinks that perhaps he should wait until that’s possible.
-” he hears John whisper. Sherlock pushes John’s hand away and replaces it with his own. Wraps his fingers around John’s cock and begins to stroke him, as hard and fast as he can manage from the position he’s in. The sound of John’s ragged breathing fills his ears.
And although Sherlock couldn’t be sure, he thought that there might be a word that might accurately describe what he had seen in John’s eyes, when John looked at him. Yes, he was almost certain that in John’s eyes, there had been-
“I saw what you did! You killed this beautiful creature with your bare hands! People like you should be locked up!”
”Everyone was so nice, yesterday,” John said, bringing back the conversation to last night’s events.
Sherlock was doing that blinky thing again, and John remembered. He could joke and banter with Sherlock, a lot, and he would love it, would usually be the one who initiated it. But at important moments, complete transparency was required. That, John had finally learned.
On Saturday, the day after the pub, he had stubbornly ignored his hangover to spend hours walking briskly around the neighborhood with the stroller; Anna rocked comfortably to sleep by the fast pace and the fresh summery air. John was mulling over everything again and again, trying to align his thoughts in a way that would make sense.
”No!” John hurried to say. ”Seriously, don’t! It’s almost eleven o’clock and it’s going to rain. If that dog runs off into the park-”
Sherlock thought about his own uncried tears - for everything that had gone so wrong, and for everything that should have happened but never had.
“Alright, I’ll come down. I'll meet you at the door in five,” Sherlock said, then hung up. John looked at him, curious. Then he noticed Sherlock's cheeks were flushed pink. Uh-oh.
Sherlock was still on his back, now wearing only his pants and the unbuttoned shirt that was still draped over his shoulders. He raised himself on his elbows, took in the sight of John standing by the foot of the bed.
”Oh god, Sherlock,” John moaned, and Sherlock felt his hands sliding and caressing all over his back and his behind. ”Oh god, you’re gorgeous. I can’t believe I get to do this with you.”
He’s about to leave to go back to bed for a while, when he hears his name mentioned. Stops. Over the tap running and the porcelain clinking, it’s not that easy to make out exactly what they’re saying. He leans back against the wall, stands absolutely still. Hears John talking.
He’d been looking forward to this date for quite some time now. He’d never been particularly keen on those dating apps, but as it turns out, being a single dad in a small town is a very different animal from his old bachelor days in London.
“Okay. I find it difficult, this sort of thing, so I'll go straight to the point and we can get this over with. I want you to know that the, er, thing that happened was entirely my fault. You shouldn't judge Sherlock too harshly for it, because it really was all me.”
Thankfully, she always had been. Mary seemed to never cross that line, and eventually, John was able to relax a bit in that knowledge. He still worried, though, about how Mary would react when he’d move out.
”You could at least acknowledge what I said!” Gabe was shouting. Oops. A bit not good. Seemed quite upset, now.
”You’ve been through a lot, and I think you might be in a bit of a shock. Your hands are cold as ice, your pulse is still high and you’re still trembling like a leaf.
And then he finally woke up, was able to act. He yanked the door open and ran out in the corridor, heard the front door downstairs slam shut as he turned the corner in the sitting room.
Now Sherlock was smiling too, and within a moment, they were both laughing so hard that they had to support themselves against the bar desk to keep upright. Tears from laughter, but maybe also from release, were blurring John’s vision and making their way down his face, he wiped them with his hand. As soon as their laughter appeared to die down, one of them would glance at the other and there they were again, struggling for breath.
”Right,” said Sherlock, then grew quiet, looked down again. ”Guess I’ll go by myself then,” he mumbled towards the phone, and John thought there was a touch of anger in those words.
John had to stand up from his seat, move about, to deal with the flood of guilt and shame that came over him.
This is a dance John knows very well, knows what comes next. He puts a hand on her knee, rubs little circles, feels her silky stocking soft against his palm. She smiles, leans forward, her face so close to his. He meets her halfway, kisses her.
Forces himself to get out of bed. Finds his pants and his T-shirt, puts them on. Ignores the nausea and the headache and stumbles over to John’s phone, plugged into a charger by the desk.
“Say that again please,” Sherlock breathed, heavily, his eyes lidded and hazy. “I want you to say that again, if you're amenable.”
John’s hand on his hand. John’s hand, under the table, on his knee. John’s shoeless foot on the inside of his thigh. John’s sockless foot on Sherlock’s semi erect cock, skillfully teasing through the trousers. That last part had served as an effective trigger for them to get up from the table and take matters into the bedroom.
”So, eh, is that what this is about, then? Exploring your sexuality?” He tried to sound neutral, looked down into the crumpled sheets, braced himself for the answer.
”I’m going to take a walk.” John had grabbed his jacket, so very careful not to slam the door behind him, and that made Sherlock crazy too, because it was as if John wanted to show him that
”I mean, thank you, but it is what it bloody is. Very soon, I will have to go back there, share a bed with an assassin nobody knows the real name of. Oh, and let’s not forget, who’s also having my child. So it’s pretty damn far from alright, the way I see it!”
”I haven’t seen him in over two months actually.. and yes, it does feel weird.” John looked down to the ground, kicked some gravel around with his foot. ”I’ve been trying to get him to meet up for a long time now, but he’s never available.” He smiled faintly, shrugged, then looked up at Mike again.
”John.” Sherlock stops in his tracks, and John stops too, turns towards him for the first time since they went outside. They’re on the side of the road, the light from a nearby house casting a faint light over them.
The angry woman started to shout at John again. She looked like she was ready to physically attack him. Good luck with that, Sherlock thought and felt his smile turning into an ever wider one.
”His dog bit you?” John’s face is very difficult to read, but he speaks in a soft tone. ”That’s quite a meet-cute.”
Another officer comes running towards them. ”We’ve got a face match on AFR. Name’s Daniel Russo, 23, in the records because of a car theft and DUI last year, sentenced to community service. Unemployed, last known address was at his mother’s in Liverpool but hasn’t lived there for years.”
When John got back from the lavatory, he didn’t see anyone from their group. The tempo had now picked up significantly, and the outdoor space was absolutely packed. The dance floor was crowded and it was difficult to make out anyone in the summer night darkness.
John wasn’t used to hearing Sherlock curse, except sometimes in bed, so this little outburst made him chuckle. He squinted his eyes to the bright morning sunshine.
In a city with almost nine million inhabitants, one could hardly expect to run into the one of those nine million that one so desperately wanted to see. In fact, it was highly unlikely. Yet John did, more than once.
Gradually, John has changed his position; is now lying almost on top of him. Sherlock moves to wrap his hand around John’s. Deep kisses; John’s tongue in his mouth, then Sherlock’s tongue in John’s. Hips moving, hard and fast; their cocks sliding against each other inside the tight fist of John’s hand.
”Oh, Christ, John. I tried to make him understand, but he just didn’t. Expected you to be there still, at Baker Street. My poor, naive little brother.”
Sherlock did not buy this for one second, but kept his mouth shut. Become better. For John. For Mycroft. For Gabe. For everyone.
Gabriel looked ecstatic. ”You know what, this is better than Christmas! I outsmarted Sherlock bloody Holmes!” He summoned the waitress when she walked by.
Thirty seconds on Google, then a minute more to cross check to make sure he had the right name and number. So easy.
“I know it's normal!” John exclaimed, feeling quite annoyed all of a sudden. “I'm a grown man, for fuck's sake, and a doctor! But what's decidedly
”Rosie, pumpkin. Please.” He’s standing in the doorway to Rosie’s bedroom, where she’s been lying flat on the bed screaming for the last ten minutes.
John laid back and watched happily as Sherlock stood up, in all his naked glory, cock still semi erect, and coaxed the dog out from the bedroom.
”This will probably come as a shock to you, John,” he began, with a very serious expression across his face, ”but it turns out some people find me a little bit difficult to live with.”
Sherlock mumbled something, too quiet to hear. He was also looking down, intensely staring at his glass and the content thereof. Maybe for once, he sensed that he had crossed a line? The thought made John feel oddly vindictive.
The frenzy had turned into something softer as they had made their way to the bedroom, and John slowly climbed up on top of Sherlock, straddling him but leaning over, cupped his beautiful face in both his hands and resumed the kissing.
In fact, since Sherlock rarely sleeps during normal hours, John has gotten into the habit of picking up tea and some bagels or croissants on his way back from those night shifts. Together they will settle in their chairs for a while to eat before finally getting some much needed rest.
And just as John was about to lift his glass to take another sip of wine, feeling happier than in a long time at this comforting possibility, his hand stilled. Because at the entrance of the room, was the unmistakable silhouette of Sherlock Holmes.
”But why now, though? I don’t get it! You’re married, right, and have a kid! You chose to move away! So why the fuck did you have to come back and ruin everything, just when it was starting to…! John, you have no idea of how much I’ve missed Sherlock, all these years. Can you imagine, what it’s like? To get another chance with someone you thought you had lost forever? Damn it, John, why!”
His child. Wasn’t that the strangest concept. He had gone through almost forty years now, and in many ways, he was still thinking of himself as a child. Hell, he was often still treated like one, as well.
He was clenching and unclenching his fists, and Sherlock wondered briefly if John might hit something. Probably not him, though.
An image of John, at home, making things up with Mary, kissing her, flashed through his mind. It made him feel like screaming, like running, like-
A quick glance at his wrist watch, it’s eleven thirty already. He’s been sitting there for almost four hours now.
John, sitting in a kitchen chair, cursing over rude comments on his blog or over some new experiment in the fridge that Sherlock had forgotten to warn him about. John’s laugh; the laugh that always made Sherlock’s heart lit up, sparkle for a while, internal little fire flies on a dark summer night.
”Trust me, this wasn’t what I expected waking up this morning.” John goes up to give Greg a quick hug.
Earlier, he had assumed it had to to with Sherlock’s work, but now he wondered if that bloke was the real reason. Still, Sherlock could not possibly know about John’s recent, er,
- it’s so far fetched it doesn’t even cross John’s mind. That’s why it’s easy for him to joke about. Sherlock tries to swallow down the humiliation he knows John didn’t intend to make him feel.
John gasped, let out a single puff of soundless laughter. ”I wouldn’t expect you to be anything less than brilliant.”
The ride should only take about fifteen minutes, but the traffic is bad and the car is creeping forward, ever so slowly. He can’t sit still, keeps wiggling his feet, drumming his fingers against the worn leather seat.
Then he got an idea.From his pocket, he maneuvered out his phone. He kept it hidden under the table, and started to type.
”You know, I talked to Kate, Richard’s wife, earlier today and she said Richard was home before midnight. And that you had left the pub before him. But you, John… you didn’t get in until almost 2:30 in the morning? I’m just curious, that’s all.”
“Is that so?” Sherlock said. He wished he could have continued the conversation in Japanese, since he knew how his proficiency in foreign languages always impressed John, but realized that that would be an unlikely skill for a Yarder. A shame, really.
”Yes,” Sherlock replies in a low, hoarse voice, and he has begun to move his hips, meeting each thrust, making it deeper.
”Actually, yes, I do. You made me go to some posh salon in Kensington to get you that one hundred quid bottle of coconut shampoo.”
”Yeah, I think so too,” John says, Sherlock can tell from his voice that he’s smiling. ”Just a bit sad that it took me so long to get there.”
”Oh. Right.” Sherlock blinks, twice, then twice again. Tries to assimilate this new information, sort it into his mind palace, but
John noticed Sherlock looking increasingly more uncomfortable, and that only spurred him on. He was certain now that he was on to something, and he was not going to let it go.
A memory pops up: Nine years old. Sitting in a wooden, uncomfortable chair outside the headmaster’s office, making out bits and pieces of his parents’ and teachers’ discussion about
”Figured it would be beneficial to write, to straighten up the memory a bit. What was what, that sort of thing. Sometimes it tends to… blur.” He sighed. ”So. Mary. The aquarium. Didn’t, uh. Go wrong.”
John thought he had a pretty good guess regarding what Sherlock had in mind, but could barely believe his luck if he was right. In any case, he was too embarrassed to say it.
”Why can’t she just always stay with Mary, she’s practically there almost all the time anyway. You could just go there to see her. Lots of people have similar arrangements, you know, and their children seem to be doing just fine!”
. So it wouldn't be a completely new, er, sensation for me-” His voice trickled off, he was now blushing intensely.
All except for Sherlock, that was, who had used this convenient break in conversation to take out his phone and was leaning against the bar again, busy scrolling through a dissertation on carpet fibers.
And then everything happened in a slow motion sort of way. Mary was seated across from him so she couldn’t see, but John was facing Sherlock and he realized it could only be a matter of seconds now, and yes, there, Sherlock had raised his head and was scanning the room, and yes, there was the moment when his gaze met John’s.
“Stop it, John,” Mycroft said, sounding quite angry. “You need to face reality here! You have responsibilities towards that little girl that you have brought into this world, and you have on your hands a wife with a record of being absolutely ruthless. Even if you were to proceed with this, eh, divorce,” Mycroft seemed disgusted with taking the word into his mouth, “you can't possibly expect it to go down smoothly!”
He grabbed Sherlock’s hips in the same way but harder, and oh god oh god, Sherlock noticed himself starting to sway his hips in John’s hands. So far, only their upper bodies had been touching, but now, John let his lower body lean into Sherlock as well.
John is looking him in the eyes, unwavering, like what he’s just said is some kind of challenge. Maybe it is.
There was a scratch at the door. And there, another. It sounded like the dog was trying to dig it’s way through the door, and judging by the frantic noise, John thought it might very well succeed. He broke the kiss.
Sherlock’s throat feels restricted, he raises his head too fast and then squints in pain as a sharp ache stabs him behind his eyes.
As always, Mycroft was impeccably dressed in a tailored suit and shiny black shoes, but he looked unusually worn, with dark circles under his eyes. The man had probably been awake all through the night.
On the ground in front of the car, a woman was lying motionless, her right leg bent at an unnatural angle. Leaning over her was a man, and it took John less than a millisecond to recognize the long coat, the dark curls. His heart stopped.
, so natural, so easy, in the protection of darkness and inebriation. But now… A whirl of worry is beginning to pick up speed in his stomach.
Ah. There. Now he could see it. It had been his phone. He had still had his phone. And in the midst of the tumult in the examination room, he had taken it out. Yes. He felt almost certain. There had been a text from Mary.
”That’s not fair. But yes, I’ll admit I would really be happy if you took this position. I don’t think you understand how stressful it is for me, when you’re out on cases and I don’t know where you are! I can’t even sleep because of all the constant worry, it’s driving me mad. Like this last week, for example. You were away for three fucking nights, and didn’t have the decency to check in with me at all. Not even once.”
It’s really happening now, Sherlock thought to himself as he felt John get in close behind him and then starting to grind his by now very hard dick between his buttocks. He heard John’s heavy breathing, felt his trembling hands on his skin.
Captain John H. Watson marched right towards the two men on the dance floor, not bothering to apologize to the people he bumped into along the way.
“You liked my hand touching you, don't deny it. You liked me smacking your thigh, making that fine skin sting a little...”
She gave him a tired smile. “This won't be easy for me, John. And it doesn’t mean I’m not still quite angry with you.”
He had begun to make preparations. Sorted out his papers, closed his pension account, written down his pass codes on a piece of paper and stuck it to the fridge. His gun was waiting in the bedside table drawer, loaded.
John suddenly felt quite uneasy, or maybe anxious was a better word. He’d always found it difficult, this particular moment, the morning after an established friendship had turned sexual. He’d experienced it a few times before, although not with someone who’d been as close a friend as Sherlock. Of course not, because there never had been one.
With a shopping bag in each hand and a slightly elevated pulse, John stepped out on the London streets and began to make his way to 221B Baker Street.
As John gazed over the room, he began to notice it looked different somehow. Not the way it had been last night.
John wonders, then remembers that Sherlock must already be at his parents’ house. Where John is about to go, too, in just a couple of days. Soon. He catches himself wishing he was there already.
She got up from the floor, winced as she stretched out the pain from sitting on a hard kitchen floor for way too long. John hadn't even reflected on his own discomfort, but now felt it and then did the same.
” John also sounds like he’s running now, all out of breath even though he’s still sitting there at the edge of the bed. ”Fuck, that’s a gorgeous cock, Sherlock-”
“If that's the case,” Sherlock roused him from his thoughts, “then perhaps... if it's not too much to ask...”
“What the fuck do you want?” Gabriel's face was full of contempt, but John was pretty certain there was a fair amount of fear there, as well.
Sherlock trails off, and in the pause that follows, John gets up to refill his tumbler, and when he returns to the sofa he has the wine bottle in his hand, raises his eyebrows in a question.
Like an answer to his question, a second later Sherlock’s whining sounds turned into something more decisive, something more like small grunts. ”
“I've hardly lacked opportunities,” Sherlock said and there was a little bit of his usual pride back in his voice, John was glad to notice it. He suddenly got aware of the weirdness in the fact of his hand still on Sherlock's dick, and slowly removed it, placed it on his thigh instead.
When Sherlock was silent - he was listening, he just didn’t know what to say - John searched for his eyes, caught them eventually.
Without giving himself the time to worry about it, John quickly rolled on a condom and proceeded to smear a probably exaggerated amount of lube on himself and around Sherlocks's hole. He then took his dick in hand and guided the glans to Sherlock's hole. Sherlock shivered again.
”Are you looking for your phone?” Mary said with an unexpectedly nice voice, glancing up from where she was in the arm chair across from him.
He had made the only choice he felt was morally justifiable. But still, how he misses to be a part of Sherlock’s life.
Sherlock had leaned away from the table and John noticed he was keeping his voice down as much as at all possible.
“Add to that, his long standing pattern of self destructive behaviour. Heroin AND cocaine, John, in amounts enough to kill a person less tolerant! THAT was what happened last night. If you keep this up, you may very well turn out to be the ruin of Sherlock. Do you want that on your conscience?”
He was aware, at some level, that he was rambling, but he couldn’t stop. His hands were touching everywhere they could reach on Sherlock’s body, he wanted it all, wanted it at once, couldn’t wait any longer.
The tip of John’s tongue was flickering across his hole, and Sherlock squirmed in equal parts pleasure and embarrassment. Then he began to lick; his tongue flat and wide, wet and warm against Sherlock’s sensitive skin. Sherlock had lost all control now over the sounds he made, he just let it all happen.
, after all, his best friend, the man he’d shared his life with for longer than he ever had with any girlfriend. Hell, longer than with Mary even. Each time John looked at Sherlock, he was overwhelmed with emotion. God how he’d missed him!
Sherlock doesn't want John's daughter at Baker Street, and he's jealous of the time John spends with her.
”Sherlock,” he moaned between the deep kisses, ”God. I want you so badly, I’ve never wanted anyone as I want you, I need to have you, please Sherlock-”
”It started out well enough. I deduced a few details - that he’d been into boxing; those sort of things, and he seemed impressed, in a good way. But then, there was one last deduction that… I noted he had traces of a small tattoo; someone’s initials. I could see he’d tried to get rid of it, and so I gathered it must be an intimate connection, a person he’d later tried hard to forget. And that deduction absolutely shocked the man. Nearly fainted. Both Victor and I got really concerned about him.” Sherlock takes another drink, notices a faint tremble in his hands.
”I know from the media that you have a remarkable intellect,” he said. ”That you’ve turned observation into an art. ’The science of deduction’, right?”
”Well, it’s just so unlike him. He’s behaving odd, for being Sherlock, that is. Suddenly he’s almost… nice-ish. He said ’thank you’ when Molly brought him coffee. He didn’t yell bloody murder when a lab technician dropped a beaker. And I almost forgot - you’re going to love this, John! The other day, he was in the lab using the microscope, and - brace yourself - he was actually humming along with the radio!”
, sitting there in the (sparkling) kitchen, just John and him again, almost like no time has passed. ”I’m fine,” he says. ”Thank you again for, you know. Helping out. And for-” he gestures around the room, ”this. You didn’t have to do that.”
”It is,” he replies. ”I think it might be filled with straw,” and that makes John huff silent laughter through his nose again.
He lets his hands roam over broad shoulders and strong back, then tears them away to begin unbuttoning Sherlock’s shirt.
They’d ordered up the usual from the Chinese place. It was only a few blocks away but maybe the kitchen was very busy, this night before Christmas, because they had had to wait for almost an hour for the food to get there. They had eaten it straight out of the boxes, and were now both seated back in the sofa. John decided it was time.
”Mmm. No thanks,” Sherlock says. Maybe this was a bad idea. He considers just ending the call but then decides to push through the frustration and embarrassment. This is too important and, God help him, he needs the advice.
When Sherlock was deeply emerged in the world of science, John only listened with half an ear. He’d fleetingly pick up on phrases such as ’
As if his arm and hand are operating on their own, Sherlock finds himself taking a big gulp from his glass again.
A grey Thursday at noon - Sherlock had just gotten out of bed, was still dressed in his pyjamas and dressing gown - there was a knock on the door.
John let his left hand travel from Sherlock’s shoulder, until it was resting on his collarbone. He moved the other to cup Sherlock’s jaw, fingers reaching behind his ear. His hands felt warm and steady. He spoke in a husky, low voice.
”Good point," he smiles, then turns serious again. "It's just that- I didn’t know. I thought- I thought, I don’t know- that you didn’t.”
”Yes. Exactly.” Oh dear god. John’s mouth felt dry, and his lips; he wet them briefly with his tongue.
It had been so strange, to not be by Sherlock’s side this time. He had tried to keep in touch with texts, trying to suggest meeting up for lunch or a coffee once in a while, but knew all too well that that is not how one keeps up with Sherlock Holmes. He had needed to be there, but couldn’t.
Well screw that, John thought. Sherlock should know perfectly well that John wasn’t some prejudiced twit, what with Harry and all. Of course he knew that John thought
It was as if all the emotions and thoughts that he had been blocking out ever since Sherlock died and then came back, now suddenly had broken free and were flooding him. John felt as if he was treading water to keep his head above the surface.
Still, it had been a clear indication that he had forged ahead, moved too fast. Although it had led to them talking about stuff that John knew they should have acknowledged a long time ago. He reluctantly admitted to himself that it was a good thing it had come up.
”You’re not ridiculous, don’t ever use that word about yourself. You’re wonderful, and brilliant, you’re the best and the wisest man I’ve ever known. And I can’t believe you don’t already know.” He paused to find the words.
The thought of it nearly shortcuts the little part of his brain that still seems to function. But he has to wonder, because… what John is doing right now, it’s impossible not to think- but John’s not.. he’s
Greg carefully opens the door, kneels to reach his tied hands out for the brown paper bag, then backs up to take it inside. John sees Greg’s eyes lock on Sherlock’s for a brief moment, his head moving once in an almost unnoticeable, single nod. Sherlock nods back, reassuring.
And John had to hold back a smile when he saw the look on Sherlock’s face. It was one of immense relief.
When John thought back on those moments, it was so easy to see what he had furiously denied back then. They had been a couple. A couple in every way except the sexual, but now John couldn’t really understand what the big fucking problem had been with that, either.
Without saying a word, he pulled out his fingers, ever so gently, and Sherlock knew he’d decided it was time. He looked at John, took in his every move, as he released Sherlock’s leg from his shoulder, leaned over and kissed him.
Love in the way the guy put his arms around Sherlock, and what was worse, love in the way that Sherlock cupped his hands around the guy’s face when he kissed him back.
He’d said it, so many times just like that, when he was getting closer to climax, but only ever in solitude, spoken it into his pillow where he’d bury his face.
And Sherlock was too far gone to question or analyze. He just let himself be engulfed by the feeling of John and finally getting what he had dreamt of.
He felt his face burn. He knew he was completely clean, having been very thorough in the shower he’d taken when John had made dinner. But still. This was not something he’d imagined John ever doing.
”Sherlock, listen, the reason I called was to say that I really enjoyed seeing you last night. And I understand you’re angry, and that’s fine, but could we please not do this on the phone? In fact, I was thinking-”, John gathered some needed courage, ”-if you’re not too busy tonight, perhaps you’d let me buy you dinner?”
”Goodness. A cliffhanger is something that ends in suspense, to keep you hooked. Like a film that has a sequel they want you to watch, for example.”
“Right now would be good,” he whimpered, in the far back of his mind feeling thankful for the timely coincidence that made this true.
For a brief moment, Sherlock gets the strong sense that John is about to touch him - maybe put a hand on his shoulder, or his hair. The seconds feel like they’re stretching to minutes. Then, the moment passes.
”Hi Harry, what’s up?” He notices that his left hand trembles, which is hasn’t done for years and years.
Sherlock takes his time and John wonders anxiously if maybe he’s decided to sleep somewhere else. But then he hears footsteps coming closer, and he hurries to turn around, face the wall, tries to school his breathing into the slow, heavy rhythm of sleep. The door shuts close, the mattress shifts again as Sherlock very quietly gets back in.
John got up to him, put his arms around him. The jealousy was beginning to fade, he was breathing normally again. Sherlock was here, so was he, and it was all good.
John let his dick slide out of his mouth. ”I’m getting there, love,” he said in a raspy voice. ”Just have some other things to do first.”
”Relax.” John bends over to kiss him, probes with his tongue deep into Sherlock’s mouth and is rewarded with a whimper.
”It was first hypothesised in 1845, by a parish priest in Poland. Johannes Dzierson. He came to this understanding purely by observation. Was met with tremendous scepticism. But science eventually proved him right.” Sherlock steeples his fingers, seems for a moment to be lost in his thoughts.
”Thank you Sherlock, but I really didn’t come here for you to dance attendance on me.” John looks at Sherlock; he’s still pale, blue circles underneath his eyes.
”SHUT UP, okay, Sherlock!” John realises he’s shouting, takes a breath to calm down. Continues in a softer voice. ”Just- shut up.” Sherlock raises his eyebrows but is actually quiet for a while, thankfully. ”You really are clueless sometimes, know that?”
John has to stop himself from making a remark about how that’s how Harry’s spent the majority of practically all her evenings up until just a few years ago.
“Oh Sherlock,” he whispered, moving his hands to softly touch his face, his neck, his hair. A stray lock had fallen in front of Sherlock's left eye; John carefully brushed it to the side. “I'm so sorry. I had no idea, I – I could never have imagined you wanted this. Much less wanted it with – me?”
”What’s that?” she asked, pointing at a particularly striking, blue butterfly that had landed on a plant before them, slowly flapping it’s wings.
”Come now, Sherlock. This is hardly a punishment. I simply think that John and Caroline might enjoy some of these pictures.” With that, she opens the album in her lap, begins to flip through the first pages.
you... Your cock is beautiful- fuck, everything about you is. Wanted to suck you ’til you came.” Sherlock gasps. Sees John searching for his eyes.
Sherlock was talking about his cases and about - well, what was it, really? John thought it might be an assortment of those things that Sherlock wouldn’t normally say to anybody else; would just keep to himself unless John happened to be around to hear it.
“Of course I'm not going to stand in your way.” She smiled faintly. “Just, you know - just know, that for every choice you make, there’s a different… shall we call it consequence?”
Someone comes up, carrying a police megaphone, hands it over to what John guesses is the negotiator, a man a bit younger than the Commander, dressed in civilian clothes; a winter jacket with a hood and jeans. He takes the megaphone, holds it up.
The September air was damp and cool as John made his way from the hospital towards the place where the party was at. He’d decided last minute to not be a coward, because well, John was really anything but.
“Yes,” came the quiet reply. “For a long time. Up until you got married.” Sherlock met John's eye, and in his gaze, John could see all the things between them that had never been spoken.
”24-hour chemist, hole-in-the-wall kind of place. Robbery interrupted by a patrol car, robber took hostage and forced them back out. Currently barricaded in a backroom behind the counter, Lestrade seems to be tied back to some object in there, possibly a safe box, but is not harmed yet as far as we know."
With his hand now guiding his dick, the movements got much more controlled, more decisive. John was leaking pre-cum in no small amount, which made the slide so much more arousing. Sherlock moaned loudly, couldn't help it.
“I had run out of clean pants. I had to borrow a pair of yours,” Sherlock said with a dead straight expression.
At first, Sherlock's movements were a little awkward and fumbling, but not unexpectedly, he turned out to be a very quick study. He seemed to pick up on every little sign from John and adjusted what he was doing accordingly. As John felt himself hitting the next plateau of pleasure, he hazily marveled about how this hand job was rapidly shaping up to be one of the best he'd ever received.
John had managed to get him to laugh before they’d even made it up the stairs to the flat, and then proceeded to go about with the food, all the while chatting and joking, not giving Sherlock even a moment’s respite to restore his guard.
John felt a raw happiness shooting up inside of him, warming him to the core.He intensely wanted to reach out and touch Sherlock, but instead had to sit and watch as Gabriel did exactly that.
This really isn’t a good idea, Sherlock is certain of that. Lots and lots of things that could go wrong, including but not limited to the fact that he won’t be able to get a moment’s sleep lying right next to John in a bed. But it’s difficult to refuse - because John is presenting rational arguments, yes, but mostly… because he so badly wants to.
He still missed him, of course, missed him terribly. Still had nights when everything would just hurt too goddamn much, and he’d grasp the identity discs - he wore them constantly now - extra tight to try to go to sleep. But then, there would also be times when thinking about John would make him smile.
”Since your brother told you about my promotion… can I assume he also told you about my divorce?” He held his breath for Sherlock’s response. It took a while before it came.
John smiles. ”Sure. This is all I’ve thought about, since running into you that night before Christmas. The morning after, when you came to wake me up… I wanted to pull you down on top of me in the sofa. Imagined you sitting on top of me, riding my cock-”
Looks up at John and sees his face. There’s nervousness there, he can tell by the slight wrinkle between John’s eyebrows and the way he straightens his back. Realises he’s just going to get right down to business -
It wasn’t the first time the thought had occurred to Sherlock, but it was without doubt the most serious one, so far. The thought that maybe John would have had enough, this time. Enough of Sherlock. That he would leave.
”No. But I know I could have changed the outcome. If I had stayed, I would have figured it out; found a way to prevent them from getting to him. And then… Mr Trevor would have been able to live out his life as the good man he was, and Victor wouldn’t have been heartbroken. If I had stayed, I’m certain things would not have-”
John couldn't help but smile a little. He tightened his grip around Sherlock, pulled him in even closer.
“Brilliant, John,” Sherlock scoffed. “I'm beginning to think I have misjudged your mental capacities.”
”What’s that?” John asked, mostly to have something to say. It was not like the conversation flowed freely, the hospital room feeling more like a prison.
”You know you can bring over anything you like, right?” Gabriel had said to him the other night. ”Your microscope, and maybe the skull?”
They’d had sex very close to every night that John had spent at Baker Street. There had only been a handful of exceptions, and only because Sherlock had been in the most intensive phase of a case, and had been up working and forgetting the time, and then being startled by John coming into the kitchen for a quick cup of tea before going to work because apparently, it was already morning.
”Hmm, yes, I guess it was alright,” said Sherlock. ”Harry’s was rather nice, too. And the one your old boss from the hospital gave. I liked her.”
Walking out of the restaurant, the mood between them had shifted, and John wasn’t sure how to turn it around again. Sherlock had stopped talking, seemed to have withdrawn back into his shell and would only reply monosyllabically to John’s attempts at conversation.
”But you don’t know that," Sherlock had argued. ”Just because I have a difficult time making sense of the concept of love, it doesn’t mean I don’t… you know-”
In March, he was set to move out, but they had agreed that they would both stay in the house until Anna’s first birthday. John was sleeping in the guest room in the basement. All in all, it was working out acceptably, but he was still counting the days to the move.
Then, another memory hit him. It was vague snippets of the doubtlessly incoherent conversation with Gabe over the phone. Oh. He winced. Oh. No!
This was not Sherlock. He remembered the way he’d been at the stag night, stumbling around, picking a fight with that guy even. But… he hadn’t been acting this… uninhibited. And just thirty minutes ago, he’d been quite sober and drinking water.
”Relax, John, god. It’s all good, top quality stuff, it’s fine,” he said, expecting this to calm John down.
Lord knows he’d been prone to say all the wrong things at times, oh God. John feels his gut twist. He’s jolted out of his thoughts by the rumbling sound of Sherlock’s voice through the megaphone.
”I’m glad to hear that,” John said gently. He was. He shifted a bit in his chair, trying to find another way to place his legs under the small table.
John kept getting flashbacks from the kitchen and from Sherlock’s bedroom. It had been… unlike anything he’d ever experienced. He couldn’t stop fantasizing about it.
”And I was looking for you, because he wanted to, er, discuss skiing. Yeah! He wants to know if we’re interested in going with him.” He laughed. ”Says he has some, er, really good slopes! So, what do you say?” He finished with a smile and a wink towards Sherlock.
And then it seemed to be settled, because John could see Sherlock straightening his posture and beginning to move, the other man followed. A moment later, they were standing in front of the table, and John snapped out of his trance. He braced himself and looked straight at them.
”Well, yes, but it’s not. It’s not the end.” Sherlock smiles. ”It’s not even the beginning of the end. But it might be the end of the beginning.”
Halfway through the train ride, it finally starts to snow. John has since long given up the mystery novel he bought at the station, so now he’s just sitting there, looking out. Feathery light snowflakes are making wet trails on the window; a thin, white blanket forming over the fields and trees outside.
John’s hands were starting to shake. The keys to Baker Street. Was it possible that Sherlock knew John had been there? After a moment of trying to not freak out, John decided that that was, if not impossible, so at least improbable. Even taking into account that it was Sherlock he was dealing with here. John knew he had kept extremely quiet, and Sherlock had clearly been, er, distracted at the time.
Sherlock has not called, not texted. Of course he hasn’t. John knows he’s a fool for hoping. Does, anyway.
As the adrenaline rush wore off, John couldn't fight the sleep deprivation any longer. With Mrs. Hudson's phone in hand, he slowly shuffled into Sherlock's bedroom, crawled under the duvet. The sheets smelled of Sherlock and of him; it was their scents mingled together.
”No, I can see how that wouldn’t be the case. But, well, did he ever.. did you talk about… did he ever approach the subject of…”
John instinctively gets up from the sofa to go after him, but Mrs Holmes puts her hand on his arm. He wants to break free from the touch, feels his jaws clenching, but tries to breathe out instead.
Sherlock stands, bracing his hands on each side of the sink. He’s shaking, his breath ragged and quick. He looks up into the mirror in front of him, sees a pale face with flushed cheeks, eyes wild, bordering on crazy.
He hadn’t meant it as any sort of innuendo, but the mood in the flat shifted significantly as Sherlock apparently had heard it differently. John watched as he put his tea cup down on the mantelpiece and took one step towards him, stopping at an arm’s length from John.
At first, he kept the movements minimal, rocking his hips ever so slightly. Sherlock was beginning to experience that particular type of disconnect from the world, where his mind would still and this - the present moment - would become his only focus. John kept pushing in, and eventually, was as far in as it was possible.
It was a beautiful, sunny day, and John took off his cardigan and enjoyed the sun warming his face. Mike seemed to be in good shape, he had lost a little bit of weight and was telling John that he had finally found a work out that he actually could stand (cycling).
Sherlock had, as expected, refused any kind of inpatient rehabilitation program which, John figured, was probably for the best for all involved. So when Sherlock was released from the hospital, they took turns watching him.
”Sweet Jesus.” John’s voice was trembling at this point, despite the low volume. ”Oh Sherlock. Oh fuck."
Dark blonde locks spilled over the white linen pillowcase. Normally he would have wax in his hair to keep the waves softly slicked back, but now his hair was all unruly. Sherlock liked it like that too. Naked torso and grey jogging bottoms, they had used his pyjama trousers to clean up the mess they had made earlier when-
”I dunno, Danny,” he says eventually. ”I ’onestly dunno. But he did, and for that I’ll be in debt ’til the day I die.”
So here he was, standing in the park, realizing that the show he had put on, whilst fun, now effectively prevented him from staying. He wanted to stay.
John thinks about the house he shared with Mary, warm and thoughtfully decorated -by her, of course, maybe not exactly what he’d gone for but he’d liked it. Liked the comfort. Not much of that where he lives now.
”Know that I feel exactly the same about you, of course. I always have, I think. But I realized it when it was too late, and by then, you know, I’d screwed up so badly already.”
”But I didn’t, John. Because while they were back there struggling for their lives, I was in London doing stupid chemistry experiments.” He picks up his glass, finishes off, puts it back down firmly. Looks at John. ”And cocaine.”
”Sherlock,” he begins. ”Um. Look. This is- well. Very unexpected for me. To say the least.” John laughs nervously, fidgets with the fabric on his trousers. ”And I’m not sure-”
John smiled. He could picture how Sherlock would first be all mad for a second and then break out laughing in that happy, relaxed way that he sometimes did when John had managed to catch him off guard.
The woman and her husband sounded like they were active in the art world, and John worried a bit that he wouldn’t have anything to say to them. But never mind, he thought, it was nice just to get out for a night.
John didn’t know for how long they stood there. When he would think back on this moment, years and years later, he was never sure. All he could remember was the incredible happiness he felt at being, at long last, reunited with the person he loved.
Silence ensued. John let his head fall back into the backrest of the chair. His eyes were getting heavier by the second. Perhaps he could just close them for a moment-
”Whoops,” Sherlock says. John leans forward from the other corner of the sofa, puts a napkin on the table to soak it up. His gaze is fixed on Sherlock: a doctor’s eyes, assessing.
However, seeing the damage on Gabe’s face made him angry. John had no right, taking out his anger with Sherlock on him. Hell, what even gave John the right to try to control Sherlock like that.
”I was thinking, maybe in the autumn, we should expand the deck. Wouldn’t it be nice if it went all the way out to here?”
Seventeen years old and kicked out of the house. Sometimes John would see her, sitting in the park with her friends, drinking and smoking weed in broad daylight. He’d walked detours to avoid her. If he’d run into her when he was with someone, he'd looked away. Pretended he didn’t know her.
“Sherlock,” he said, his voice sounded gravelly and hoarse when he spoke. “I know we've both had far too much to drink tonight, and I don't want you to do anything you might regret later. Are you absolutely sure this is what you want?”
Sherlock reached down to grab the empty plates from the table, then quickly turned around and tried to restrain his steps to a normal pace as he escaped into the kitchen. He put down the plates in the sink and exhaled, gripping the edge of the counter for support.
John leans over Sherlock again, but only so much that he can keep stroking him, twisting his hand, thumb sliding over the wet slit in the center.
John sounds angry. Sherlock can’t make himself turn to face him, but he listens closely - yes. Clear and distinct signs of anger in John’s respiration, in the way he walks. Glances down and sees his glove-covered hand turn into a fist, then quickly releasing.
”Is right, Danny,” he says. ”Well done you.” Sherlock lays a hand on the kid’s shoulder, pats it briefly. He reaches out a cigarette, puts another one between his own lips and lights first the kid’s, then his own. Gray smoke rising towards the black night sky, it has stopped raining but is very cold, John feels it now as the adrenaline begins to subside.
But instead he had not only accepted, but had been making a significant effort to be nice when he was over, being so friendly, laughing with Mary, complementing her looks even (
”The tags,” he said. ”You’re wearing them.” As he said it, tears welled up in his eyes. Memories of standing in this very room, writing that note and putting the tags into the envelope, hit him with force and he had to take a moment to find his balance again.
”Common Green Birdwing. It’s from Australia. It belongs to the Swallowtail family. Only 600 species, but they include the world’s largest butterflies. The Swallowtail caterpillars have horns, you know, behind their heads. Can stink fairly bad.”
Sherlock grew quiet, kept his eyes averted, and John silently waited to see if he would continue. They were both startled when Sherlock’s phone began to ring in his coat pocket. He took it out and looked at the screen.
The summer night was warm and lovely, and they were surrounded by beautiful, well dressed people, most of them younger, but there still was a good mix to the crowd.
Sherlock needs more. One hand on John’s shoulder, the other behind his neck. Decisively presses him down on his back, into the sofa and the pillows. Sits on top of him, knees on each side of John’s thighs. Leans forward, meets his mouth in a wet kiss.
”What do you want me to do?” he whispered, head all dizzy. He wondered if he was going to actually faint.
”Why are you being so impossible about this! Molly said she thinks it’s equal parts research and teaching. You’d get full access to the lab, you know, you’d get your own assistants, and she even said they’d let you choose freely what you want to focus your research on. Think of the opportunities! And then you’d teach part time!”
The second one was from Sherlock, John got all fluttery inside, felt his pulse raise just at seeing Sherlock’s name on the screen.
The trains and city busses had all been cancelled, and out on the street, people were practically fighting over the few taxis that were still out. The relentless snowfall had turned everything white, and it was impossible to see more than a few feet ahead.
Yes. It could be an experiment. But no way of controlling the variables, so, more of a single case study, then. It would have to do. Could still make a spreadsheet of it.
”Oh, right, forgive me,” Sherlock begins. ”Can I get you something? I'm afraid there’s not much to eat but, um. Some tea perhaps?”
”Sherlock.” John suddenly sounds like he means it, and Sherlock’s mind sharpens a little at the stern look he’s getting.
John hated this. He’d always thought it was so hard, this, putting his emotions into words, and even worse, having to say it out loud. His girlfriends in the past had often complained about it, called him a coward and accusing him for shutting them out. He didn’t really think that was fair. It just made him so bloody uncomfortable, and he never seemed to find the right things to say.
Thinks that there’s still a chance that he’s wrong. Thinks about how John had looked at him, last night. How his hand had brushed over Sherlock’s cheek. How that definitely had not seemed devoid of feelings.
At 3 o'clock he was thankful to get a call from a colleague at the clinic, who wanted to discuss the treatment of a particularly tricky patient. He withdrew into the study to take the call, and then stayed there, pretending to work but in reality only thinking about Sherlock and last night.
“Rarely,” John said in a low voice. His lips felt dry, he licked them again. “That is not synonymous with never.”
Worried, because somewhere deep down inside, he still had that nagging doubt whether his love would be something worth having. Especially for someone as perfect and wonderful and lovable as John.
”No, I don’t think that’s true,” said John. ”He would have found a way regardless. If anyone's to blame, it’s probably me. I went over there and I pushed him. I shouldn’t have.”
But when he was finished explaining how it wouldn’t be right to stay together, and how sorry he was, and how he hoped they could remain good friends and how committed he was for them to be there for Anna together, Mary had stared blankly at him, dead quiet.
She was standing in the doorway to the study where John was still seated by the desk. She had showered, and he noticed she’d changed from lounge clothes with spots of baby drool into a flowery cotton dress and a long cardigan.
The kiss was so light at first, only lips brushing together, and John moved his hand to touch the wet curls in the nape of Sherlock’s neck. As they kissed, John felt a fire starting to pick up speed within him; he had to deliberately step back for a moment to not risk losing control and perhaps overwhelming Sherlock.
John recognized that head of dark blonde, wavy hair, and was abruptly flooded with graphic memories from standing in the doorway at 221B.
The only sound in the room was the audible breathing from them both. John was absolutely still, and Sherlock felt his own heart pounding in his chest. Then John started to move.
He'd never before allowed himself to have sexual thoughts about a man. Sometimes, before the fall, when he still lived at Baker Street, his mind would try to throw Sherlock into his masturbatory fantasies, but John had always pushed those thoughts away with force.
The food is placed right outside the door. Sherlock is the one standing nearest, John a bit behind together with some of the officers, Sally and the Commander. John gets the feeling that every single one of them is holding their breath when they see Greg slowly approaching, hands tied together in front of him.
”No no no”, he heard John say, as he pulled Sherlock in even tighter. ”I’m so sorry.” John was holding him, rocking him slightly.
After that, the young man from the morning had phoned, understandably still upset, asking lots of questions that John had done his best to answer both truthfully and still as encouraging as he could manage.
”Murdered any more animals, lately?” Sherlock said, with a straight face but an unmistakable glimpse in his eye.
”There’s no point, alright!” Notices he’s spoken a bit too loud, sees the mother in the family next to him turn to him with an annoyed look in her eyes. Lowers his voice to a near whisper.
”Sherlock Holmes!” he went on. ”I knew from the papers that you’re a famous detective, but I had no idea you were such a cinephile! Oh the beauty of that line, isn’t it just one of the best ones ever written! The perfect repetition of it throughout, and the way it captures the essence of that entire 80’ies era while at the same time providing a comment on-”
With great effort, they had eventually managed to corner and capture it, and were now slowly making their way back towards the end of the park. When they were back by the lake with not that much more to go, the rain suddenly turned into a violent downpour.
“Sure. Good night, John. Or should I say goodbye.” She turned around and walked out of the kitchen, he heard her tired steps as she retreated to the upper floor.
”God, I want you so badly.” John’s voice is different; darker. Rapid puffs of air hitting Sherlock’s neck, making him shiver. ”The things I want to do to you, Sherlock, fuck, will you let me?”
The women he’d been with, Mary included, usually saw a blow job like something of a chore, a favor to be distributed on rare and special occasions, or to be used as a sort of currency or a way of apologizing for something. John had always been very happy to accept, regardless of the underlying reason, but it occurred to him that this, this thing he was witnessing,
Maybe Sherlock is staring at John’s lips. It’s quite possible he is. Still face to face, barely an inch apart, breathing into each other.
He’d settled into a routine of taking an afternoon walk, did it almost every day when he wasn't on a case. Usually he would take the clock-wise path around Regent’s Park. He’d begin at Boating Lake, walk up past the zoo and then make his way back again.
Sherlock quickens the pace, the wet slapping sound audible despite the running water and the screeching old pipes, but it can’t be helped, he needs release.
”God, if you could see yourself,” John whispers. ”I have never wanted anyone as badly as I want you right now. I can’t wait.”
”God, John, yes, yes,” Sherlock moaned in return, and that in itself was almost enough to push John over the edge.
The first thing that John noticed was the ICD codes for the two diagnoses. As Mycroft already had told him, they were for poisoning by cocaine as well as heroin.
”Thanks Mark, but it really doesn’t matter. It’s just, you know, part of a game that I don’t care for that much anyway. The acting is what’s important to me.”
He’d just chosen to ignore it. Rationalised it, figured that it probably wasn't any cause for concern. That had certainly been what Mary had said, the times he’d brought up his nagging worry. Said that John should stop fussing, that Sherlock was an adult and fully capable of taking care of himself.
He notices John, quietly watching him, a thoughtful look in his eyes, and tries to come back to the present in order to act a bit
He was silent, gathered courage to continue. Dr. Riyat was waiting without saying a word. Sherlock wondered for how long he could be quiet before the therapist would eventually speak. He decided not to test it.
And then the butterfly took flight; large wings majestically flapping to gather speed, and then it, indeed, glided for a long, beautiful moment before landing again a bit further away.
”I told you John, it’s not here. I don’t know where it is. But anyway, you won’t be needing it, because you are going nowhere tonight. Okay?”
”Tell me, do you?” He gave a few thrusts as he spoke, and Sherlock could feel his own heart beating fast and hard. This was a different side of John, coming out to play.
He just wasn’t used to this, and hearing Sherlock - Sherlock! - complimenting his dick as he was sitting naked on top of him, well, that was more than enough to make his cheeks heat up.
”Ah!” Sherlock moans on the next push in, and that is enough to send a shiver down John’s spine. It’s really happening. It’s really, really happening, and John can hardly believe it.
Sherlock drew a sharp breath. John was still staring down, transfixed, and had unexpectedly put his index finger into Sherlock’s hole. The muscles immediately yielded. Sherlock braced himself for it to sting, but it didn’t. John pushed his finger in and out a few times, made a few low grunts in response to the wet sounds it produced, before pulling it out. He smeared some of the cum around the hole, drew circles in the wet mess with his fingers. When Sherlock laughed a little, John looked up at him, then pushed two fingers back in again. He smiled at Sherlock's startled reaction.
Rebecca’s lips are soft, she tastes nice, smells good. There is absolutely nothing to complain about, so when he feels her hand on his thigh, moving upwards, he shifts, tries to prevent it. He’s not hard and he doesn’t know why the hell that is, and he certainly doesn’t want her to notice.
“I'm sorry I got a bit carried away... It's just that, oh, fuck. You turn me on like crazy, you know.”
And he was, he really was. Was so very proud of being the one who got to sit there with Sherlock, this brilliant, gorgeous man that got noticed wherever he’d go. John had always loved to show off his dates, the more beautiful the better, and he sincerely thought that he’d never before been out with anyone as striking as Sherlock.
”I really understand that you feel that way, Mary, and I’m very sorry, but as I said, I can’t help the way I feel,” he had repeated, again and again as she went on.
One of those nights, when the rift between them had felt like it was tearing him apart, Sherlock had decided to try.
”Decomposing body in the tub. A bit not good?” said John, trying so hard not to laugh, but failing when Sherlock looked at him and grinned.
“No,” John quickly stopped him. “No. Sherlock, there's nothing to be sorry for. That was, just, wow, yeah. So amazing. Such a turn on. You're magnificent.”
”Sherlock,” John said softly, then Sherlock felt the increasing pressure as John began to push into him again. John kept looking straight into his eyes as he did. The mood between them had shifted when they moved; morphed from passionately heated into something softer and more even more intimate.
A little bubble of hope begins to form in Sherlock’s chest as he stands there, alone in his bordering-on-OCD-level of clean kitchen.
. A rush of excitement shoots through his spine. It finally happened, after all these bloody years. Feels his heart rate increase, his chest expand at the thought.
Turns out he could. John’s giggling into the pillow, and as always, it makes Sherlock light up inside. Soon they’re both laughing, and maybe it’s just that they’re both fairly tired because it wasn’t even that funny, but neither of them can stop. Eventually, Sherlock wipes tears from underneath his eyes, exhales shakily. ”Oh dear Lord,” he says.
Was there really no end to his own stupidity? They both had had too much to drink, and John had tried to stop him, tried to tell him before it went too far, but Sherlock had just pushed on and-
On his left cheek, a pattern of blue and red and a little bit yellow. Yellow or perhaps green? Sherlock tried to figure out what parts of John’s fist were correlated to which marks.
”Of course,” he says. What is this is all about? She gestures to him to follow her into the small laundry room just next to the hallway, where she stops, looking at him sternly.
Begins to scroll. The knot in stomach gets tighter as he sees the amount of texts exchanged; weeks and weeks of flirty conversation. How could he be so stupid to allow himself to think-
”Oh god, I know that!” John interrupted, feeling horrible for Sherlock. ”You do not need to explain or excuse yourself to me. You know that, right?”
”Well, I’m not sure. I guess it’s a way of protecting ourselves when we feel angry, or sad, or hurt by someone we love-”
?” John asks. ”Why, it sounds to me like you were- really close. Wasn’t it hard to just disappear from the face of the earth, from someone you, er. Loved. Without a word?”
”Mmm. Same.” Sherlock’s hand travels across John’s back, and then downwards, until his fist closes around John’s hardening cock, begins to move.
John laughed a little, too. It felt good, breaking the awkward tension that had been building up between them as Sherlock had rattled off his far too accurate deductions.
Sherlock sees the parallel before John does. He looks away to not have to see the moment when the realisation downs on him, but still hears John’s sharp inhale as it hits him.
John felt his heart stop; got an ice cold feeling in his chest. This can't be, he thought. It just couldn’t be. Had he already met someone else? Without even giving John a chance? He felt dizzy, tried to conceal his achingly raw disappointment, the pain that was shooting through him.
“Is that your-” John made a circling gesture with his hand, causing some of the scotch in the tumbler he was holding to spill out over his trousers. He looked down at the wet stain but made no motion to wipe it dry.
The hours he spent with his daughter was the only time, really, that he actually felt a bit like himself again. Felt joy.
John squares his shoulders, stands back to let them finish their ceremony. It’s always a bit weird, returning to the house they used to share, but it’s gradually getting better.
Sherlock managed to return his smile. It felt so wonderfully good, smiling again, with John. Then he remembered.
He shakes his head in a vain effort to rid himself of the ugly emotions welling up. Shifts in the sofa, lets go of John’s hand as he gestures in frustration.
He still hasn’t even acknowledged the fact that John is being forced to share his room, cringes at the thought that maybe John thinks it’s some sort of set up.
”If this shit keeps up -  yeah, you just might!” And then he got a mental image of himself, dressed in nothing but a pair of golden swim trunks, dancing on a float, and he had to laugh.
”Are you cold?” They’ve both gotten rather chilled to the bone during the many hours spent outside, but the heat in the car is turned up to max and John’s been thawed up for a long time now.
Sherlock saw it before his mind, got so impossibly aroused by the internal image that he let out a moan, load this time.
It was the afternoon of Christmas Eve, and John was sitting in his chair with a Tom Clancy novel that he was beginning to suspect that he had already read. But since he couldn't remember how it ended, he figured he might as well keep at it, too comfortable now to get up to try to find something else.
But this kind of uncontrolled breakdown, he couldn’t even… Not since he was a little boy. Perhaps when Redbeard had been put down.
When the fire had caught on, he got up, and John walked over to give him the tea. Standing so close, John could see the effects that all the running around in the rain had had on Sherlock.
However, it was not all unpleasant, feeling John’s raw strength holding him in place. In fact, quite the opposite. He heard his own breath hitch.
There’s a knock on the door, just once, and then John comes into the room without waiting for a reply. Hears him stroll up to the bed.
”John! You're here! Did you kill anyone at work today?” Greg laughed. He wasn’t sober, either. Not remotely, in fact. But he seemed to be in an excellent mood. John laughed, too.
”You should just stop talking right now, ok! You don’t know Sherlock the way I do. And I’m so sorry for not realizing this earlier, but yes, I love him and he loves me. And I cannot keep on living a lie. Our marriage will never work, I thought it might but I was wrong.”
”You are trying to manipulate me into feeling sorry for you. If you’re lying about this, I swear to god I am actually going to kill you. What scars, show me then!”
Sherlock takes a first, long pull on his cigarette; relaxes as the nicotine releases into his bloodstream. Manages to form a perfectly round ring of smoke as he exhales.
John struggles a short while to wrap his head around the question. ”Of course,” he says. ”Sherlock, yes of course I’m real. What makes you-”
Much of the story Sherlock is telling John here, is made up of quotes (modernised/adapted) from Arthur Conan Doyle's short story The Adventure of the Gloria Scott.
John let one hand fall heavy down onto Sherlock's cock, and felt a sense of pride when he found it hard and hot. This time, Sherlock briefly leaned his head back and moaned. Hearing this sound from Sherlock, this sexual, needy exclamation, made John shiver. He let his fingertips play along Sherlock's shaft, then pressed his hand down harder against it.
Typical of Gabe to pick up things like that even though he was half asleep. Could sniff emotions like a goddamn bloodhound.
John appears to be in one of his top three best moods. He’s been joking flirtatiously with Mummy, making her blush (she loves it). He’s been chatting with Caroline, they seem to have hit it off immediately, perhaps bonding over the children they’re both missing today. Written a prescription for Uncle Rudy. He’s patiently listened as Mycroft droned on about some godawful government thing, and gently patted Daddy on the shoulder with a short ’Sit down, Sir, I’ll get it’ whenever something was found missing from the already ridiculously overdone meal.
Or was it wrong to show his hand so quickly? Perhaps he should have held back his feelings a bit more? Maybe if he hadn’t tried to have that conversation - but then again, Sherlock seemed pissed off with him before he’d even began. No way to know.
When John thought about it all now, he really felt, strongly and deeply, that their relationship – and his love for Sherlock – had begun the moment they first met, in the lab at S:t Bart's, and then it had just kept developing.
Despite John’s mouth having gone dry and his muscles tensed to the point it threatened to break the coffee mug he had picked up in his efforts to appear relaxed, he still felt bad for Sherlock. Of course he should be allowed to briefly see his ex without having to have a nervous breakdown in front of John.
Earlier, Sherlock had heard the lid of the lube bottle being snapped open. John must have managed to apply more using just one hand, because he felt John’s fingers slide, deliciously slippery and warm, in and almost out of his hole. His hips were moving on their own accord now. Sherlock’s moans and grunts mixed with John’s heavy breathing and occasional encouraging words.
There is nothing left of the hesitation John displayed, before. The smile on his face is gone, replaced by a very different expression. ”Good,” he whispers, then slowly runs a thumb across Sherlock’s lower lip. ”I’m glad we got that sorted.”
He winced every time Sherlock’s scars popped up in his mind. As an ex army doctor, John had immediately recognized it for what it was - marks of torture.
As they keep moving against each other, the careful gentleness and the soft whispers are soon replaced by much more urgent exclamations. The room fills with heavy breathing, moans, occasional creaky noises from Sherlock’s bed, and scattered, short clipped words of
”…No.” Sherlock shakes his head slowly. ”No, I don’t. Haven’t, not after I got clean. But I thought that I did, now. It just seems… unreal.”
“On the contrary,” John replied, then proceeded to put both his palms back on Sherlock's thighs. He began moving up and down, firmly kneading the strong muscles underneath the fabric of Sherlock's trousers.
Sherlock happily laid back with his head on the pillow, waiting for John to resume. But he didn’t. Instead he pulled out his finger, it felt empty now without it there. Sherlock was getting ready to file a vocal complaint about this development, but was instead, once again, taken off guard by John’s fearless skills as a lover.
John hands her the phone, and Caroline studies the images of a happy Rosie, dressed in a pink polka-dot bathing suit and a wide-brim sun hat, posing in blurry selfies by the pool amongst a myriad of other children and colourful inflatable toys.
John is silent for a while, fingers keep brushing through his hair. ”You’re absolutely right,” he eventually says. ”Guess some things even you can’t deduce, huh?”
He closes his eyes, tries to lose himself in the kisses. Tries to summon his usual, go-to images; from porn, from movies, from past occasions - the ones that always get him going.
Sherlock’s mind was still working overtime trying to piece together last night’s events, but it was insanely frustrating how poorly it went. His thought processes were not functioning to their usual capability, the price for the Ambien he had taken to be able to sleep when they got back home, and had topped up again this morning. Worth it, thought, compared to the crash that had otherwise hit.
It’s been a crazy shift, with two car accidents and a horrific stab wound. Thankfully, they all seemed to be critical but stable when he left for home. But he’s been on his feet for fourteen hours straight, and could really, really use some more sleep.
”Oh my God.” John looked absolutely bewildered. ”Sherlock, I’m-” He paused, shook his head. ”I’m so sorry, I don’t know what got into- I’m sorry.”
Instead, frees the hand that’s squeezed in between them, moves it to John’s cock and begins to stroke him through his trousers. Discovers he’s able to make out the contours; the ridge, the head, and
“Good luck with that, love, I think you'll need it,” he'd chuckled, and gotten an angry stare from Sherlock in return.
”It’s really such a sad story,” Mrs Holmes says in a hushed voice. ”You know, Sherlock was… so lonely, growing up. And we thought that a dog might be good for him, so we got Redbeard. It was Sherlock who named him, of course.” She smiles, pensively.
The shame was too strong. Sherlock got up on his feet and without looking at John, walked back to his bedroom, closed the door, flopped down on the bed, buried his face in the pillow. Tears were stinging behind his eyelids.
Previous live-in partner. He realized that must mean him. John wanted to stop reading, but couldn’t allow himself to.
”Where’s Mike and Sherlock?” She takes a sip of her coffee, leans over to look at a photo of Kate Middleton, wearing a hat and holding a white rabbit.
Then, he heard John’s steps approaching. He came up to Sherlock, stood behind him. Sherlock did not move, just kept facing the kitchen counter, desperately trying to collect himself enough to be able to turn around to face John.
”Look at this mess, John!” Sherlock was standing in the cottage garden, dressed in a thin robe, barefoot in the dewy grass. His hair was in a state of complete disarray, and he had dark circles under his eyes. John figured he probably looked the same.
”No,” he said. ”No, Sherlock, it had nothing to do with-” He stopped himself, thinking that what he was saying wasn’t true, and that Sherlock would obviously see that. He tried again.
And then he noticed, in the corner of his eye, John standing at some distance, watching them intensely. How long had he been standing there? Sherlock felt a bit embarrassed, but couldn’t really pin point why. He turned to look at John, and saw in his eyes something that looked an awful lot like teary happiness.
”Good point,” John said and then proceeded to stretch out his legs on the side of the table, to resolutely rest his feet on the top of the old fashioned, green radiator. Then, just for the heck of it, he leaned back on his chair, balanced it precariously on the rear two legs.
”Oh, John, oh-” He couldn’t speak, he couldn’t think. His shirt was fully unbuttoned and John was stroking his naked chest with both hands now. He leaned down and placed a wet lip on Sherlock’s left nipple.
Sherlock tried to shoot a polite smile back at her. He really had no idea what she was talking about. But it was, indeed, fun, getting the chance to meet with people who seemed to have a genuine curiosity about science and nature.
”If that’s how you want it,” he says quietly. Begins in slow motion to pick up his scattered things from the room. Sherlock’s eyes sting with stupid tears, he flops down on the bed again, faces the wall.
”So here it goes: Do you want me to stay the night, or would you rather have some space to yourself? Either is perfectly fine with me, by the way. I just want to do what you want me to.”
”No,” John says again, firmly this time and Sherlock allows himself to relax just a little bit again. ”No, this is final. I’ve, you know. Moved on.”
”Hello gorgeous! To what do I owe the honour?” Her voice is warm, Sherlock relaxes a bit. He sits down on the edge of his unmade bed. It’s unusual for him to be the one who rings.
. John was sober enough to wonder if jealousy was the main reason why this was making him so extremely uncomfortable. That certainly was a part of it, he decided, but.. no.
He really needed to get in touch with Sherlock, let him know why he was taking so long. It was getting late. and he was probably beginning to wonder by now.
Sherlock’s respiration is getting faster, his cheeks and chest are flushed, and he’s moving his hips to press down against John’s finger.
Coming back, a small tube of superglue successfully retrieved, John senses that the atmosphere has changed. Sherlock is still sitting where he left him, but is not looking up when he reenters the room. Choses to ignore it, and quickly sets to work bringing the edges of the cut together, as best as the circumstances allow.
The hospital. Confronting Mary, and John, trembling with anger. And Sherlock had thought that it was towards Mary but had later wondered if it was just as much towards him.
What was a bit much? The alcohol or- or the sex? Suddenly feels angry at John. As far as Sherlock can recall, John was a most willing participant.
”This can never be like before, can it,” he said, but it wasn’t a question. He looked very sad, and John felt himself sinking even further.
- he refused to think of him as Sherlock’s…whatever - certainly knew how to make room for himself. He seemed to command everyone’s attention in a most obnoxious way, and both Mary and Charlotte were annoyingly friendly towards him.
“But whatever.” She exhaled. “Right now, I need to sleep. You can leave the phone on the staircase when you go. And call me before you come over here again, I'd like to be prepared, yeah?”
John felt the almost conditioned response of adrenaline and anticipation come over him. It had been so long, and he had missed it so much. But real life had other plans for him, and it pained him to have to turn Sherlock down.
“I'm coming, too,” he stuttered out, and then John almost felt like he could have had a second orgasm as he got to witness Sherlock ejaculating, dick untouched, white semen shooting out over Sherlock's sweat soaked chest and belly. John fucked him through it, and then, when he felt Sherlock's body relax and sink back into the mattress, he pulled out.
”Not really, no,” John mumbled, then withdrew his fingers and instead, put his two strong hands - one sticky, one dry - on each side of Sherlock’s waist.
But what about all those countless occasions on which John so adamantly had defended his unwavering heterosexuality, time and time again, over a period spanning years? Never giving Sherlock even the slightest indication.
John’s colleagues would sometimes complain about situations like this. Would bitch about how they hated being disturbed on their free time, having to assist with what would almost always be a heart attack or a stroke.
They ended up kissing in the sofa for a long time. Just as John was going to offer to make some tea, Sherlock looked up at him.
When she’s left, John stands there to gather his composure, exhales slowly through the nose. After a moment, he goes up the stairs to find Sherlock’s old bedroom. He wishes he could stay to have a closer look around, but it will have to wait. He puts his bag down by the foot board of the bed, then hurries back down to the kitchen.
“Mycroft, this is John Watson. I don't have a phone at the moment, I'm in the flat at Baker Street. Please contact me as soon as possible, I need to know how he's doing and if there's anything I can do. Call me at this number, or on my usual one after 10 o'clock in the morning. Thanks.”
John waits, because it’s the only viable option he can think of. The sandstone entrance steps are not much to sit on, but it’s not like it comes close to the top ten of uncomfortable ways he’s spent a night wake.
”That you had to go through this-” John’s voice broke. He reached his arms under Sherlock’s, hugged him close, then began to kiss the scars on his back.
It was the first time Sherlock had ever asked him about his decision to quit his job, almost a year ago. He thought about it for a little while.
. He just can’t take this. Sits up abruptly in the bed. ”John. I know what you are going to say, and frankly, I’d rather you just didn’t.”
John put a hand over his already flushed face. “God, Sherlock, you borrowed my pants?! Do you realize that's even more intrusive than-”
To not know where Sherlock was, or how he was doing, and not be able to reach him – it made John feel almost physically sick to his stomach. His entire body told him to act, to move. But there was nothing for him to do and nowhere for him to go.
In a vivid mental image, not just any man popped up, but Sherlock. He visualized Sherlock, on his knees in front of John in his chair, sucking him off. He saw himself stroking his hands through Sherlock’s soft dark curls, gripping them, guiding his movements and setting the pace. Imagined what Sherlock would be able to do with that usually so poisonous tongue of his.
”Christ,” John gasps, then grabs Sherlock by his upper arms to twist his body towards the faint light coming from a nearby lamppost. Blackish blood, mostly coagulated, in a trail from somewhere around his left temple and down over the side of his face and neck. Blood stains on his white shirt collar. ”What the hell has happened to you?”
John leans down, begins to kiss his way from his neck to his chest; lingers at the nipples, so close that he can feel the vibrations from Sherlock’s quickened heartbeats.
An hour later, they shuffled up the stairs up to the flat in silence. All three of them were too frazzled, too wet, too freezing to do anything but focus on getting inside the warm flat.
The brakes had come undone and John got frightened for a moment, because the intensity of what he was feeling was on a level he had never experienced before. It drowned out his ability to think. All of him had turned into an aching, burning desire, and Sherlock, naked in his arms, was all he could see.
The next text follows immediately, John’s heart jumps a bit when he sees that Sherlock has sent an image as well. It’s of Sherlock, he's stretched out in bed. John has only seen Sherlock’s childhood bedroom once before, briefly, but recognises the foot board of the bed as well as the wall paper.
He had pushed forward much more aggressively than he had meant to, spurred on by noticing that Sherlock didn’t seem to resist. Mostly, he had appeared confused, but John had gotten a response for every little move he had made. It had been so surprisingly easy.
“As I said, it rarely happens,” Sherlock finally replied. He did not look as confident as he had just a few minutes ago.
Sherlock looked at him with a distant expression in his eyes. Arousal, John thought. Heavy arousal. It took him all the self control that he had in him not to just throw himself over Sherlock right there in the taxi; shove his tongue down his throat.
A short moment later, John knocks once on the bedroom door that Sherlock has left slightly ajar. When there is no reply, he enters. The lamp on the nightstand is left on, spreading a soft glow in the room. To his relief, he notices that the bedroom looks a lot better than the rest of the place, not at all the same chaos there. Sherlock is tucked in under the covers, eyes closed, his breathing slow and heavy. John carefully puts the glass and the pills on the nightstand, then stands back for a while to just watch him sleep.
His entire body shook when he felt Sherlock add first a swirling tongue around the head, and then a firm hand at the base.
He’s interrupted by Sherlock, lunging forward, pressing his open lips against John’s mouth, and it doesn’t take John long to lean in to kiss him back.
”Victor… asked me to stay, but… I just felt I had to leave. Thought I’d already caused that poor old man too much trouble, and that it’d be better if he could just get some time alone with his son instead of having me there to remind him constantly of something he so clearly wanted to forget. So. I left.”
For a while last night, John had felt sick with worry that something terrible was going to happen to Sherlock, but managed to calm down just a bit after the somewhat reassuring conversation with Mycroft. John had phoned him up as soon as he’d left the restaurant, thankful he had kept the emergency number Mycroft had given him a long time ago, for situations just like this.
”Mummy, Sherlock’s right. You’ll bore our guests out of their minds with that,” Mycroft snaps. Sherlock turns abruptly to look at him instead.
“Yes,” Sherlock said before John had even finished the last sentence completely. “Yes, I want this, John. I
Sherlock is completely quiet as he comes, his eyes squeezed shut, head thrown back, hard puffs of air through his nose the only sound he makes. John stops thrusting, mesmerized by the sight. He’s still inside Sherlock, but not moving, only concentrating now on stroking Sherlock through his orgasm, trying to memorize every little detail of what he looks like.
Of eventually transforming into a person so strong that no one would ever be able to get to you again.
”Sherlock, I don’t give a fuck. I’m here with you and I’m so bloody proud of that, you have no idea. I’m the luckiest guy in the world - I want people to see.”
After a while, they had parted ways, and Sherlock had decided to keep walking. It was such a beautiful day, sunshine and birds and butterflies in the park.
”Finally, he invited me down to his father’s place at Donnithorpe, in Norfork; asked me to stay for a month during summer vacation. His father, Mr Trevor, was quite well off, and the house was grand - a wide-spread, oak-beamed brick building, with wild duck-shooting and fishing on the estate, as well as a beautiful old library inherited from the previous owner. No trouble passing the time, there.”
”Sherlock?” When he opens his eyes, John has moved closer. He is observing Sherlock with a deep furrow between his eyebrows. Sherlock starts when he feels John’s warm hand touching his face; his calloused thumb gently swiping away wetness from the skin beneath his eyes.
“Sherlock...” he asked, trying hard not to let this shine through in his voice and actions. “Sherlock, tell me... have you done this before?”
Sherlock got absolutely ice cold. Shivery slivers of anxiety ran through him. Frozen, in a panicky sort of way. He realized his brother was crying.
“Nng, oh, ah!” Sherlock bucked his hips up, lifted his arse momentarily up from his seat, moaned and shivered and whimpered.
Waves of embarrassment about his failure this evening are mixing with a deep sense of relief to be on his way, alone. Walking back to his hotel room takes over an hour, but he needs to clear the mind a bit.
”Give me a hand with that zipper, will you?” He smiled, but was breathing with his mouth open now, and John could not tear his eyes away from where his hand was resting.
Oh well. Since John had been the one who asked, he guessed he had himself to blame for this conversation.
”Named after the Danish Queen Alexandra. This one is female, they are bigger and of a different color than the males. It’s the worlds largest butterfly, and it’s most rare.” Sherlock kept explaining.
”I don’t know how to say this any clearer. I want this marriage to be over. I am going to pack a bag and go over to Baker Street tonight. We'll figure out the details later. I’m sorry, but this is how it's going to be.”
It was John’s first night out since Anna had been born. The clinic staff was meeting up at the pub one Friday night each month, but John hadn’t joined them for three months now. It had all just been so insanely stressful, more than he ever could have imagined.
When ten more minutes have passed, he and the blonde woman happen to pick up their phones at the exact same time. He laughs a little, she does as well.
Thinking about what was about to happen was more than enough to keep John's fire going while he darted up to his own bedroom, grabbed the bottle of lube and a couple of condoms and then went back down the stairs, taking three steps at the time.
“Tell you what?” Sherlock panted. He had a little bit of trouble thinking straight; the wet slide of John's dick between his buttocks turned out to be a rather powerful distractor.
They pulled up outside an impressive brick building. A uniformed porter in a heavy coat stood shuddering just outside the entrance, he watched the police car with curious eyes.
Sherlock has the megaphone in his hand within what John perceives as seconds. Then he turns to the officer standing nearest, a blonde pretty woman who doesn’t look a day over thirty.
Mrs Holmes glances back and forth between Mr Holmes and Sherlock, hesitating. ”Well, yes, I.. John asked about this picture.”
Mostly, he listened, and sometimes he asked questions to clarify. When she had finished and gone quiet, he felt achingly sad. He couldn't think of a single appropriate thing to say.
”Didn’t say you would,” he says as he begins to exit the small bathroom to go rummage through the kitchen drawers for the glue he’s certain he’s seen there, somewhere. ”But sepsis is a bitch.”
”Fingers on the other hand? What about the fingers on this hand?” John interrupts, Sherlock can hear how pleased he is with his bad joke.
Sherlock thought this was a bit odd. He had no recollection of conversations like that with Gabe, no, none that he could think of.
John is holding Sherlock’s hips in a steady grip, and is mouthing his cock through his pants. A dark circle has formed in the front; he’s leaking precome in no small amount. John nips at the wetness and Oh God-
At this point, it was almost impossible to even get in through the door there. John had tried once, very quickly given up, and proceeded to make a snarky remark to Sherlock about how he would be a suitable participant in
There was a DJ playing club music that John didn’t recognize, why should he, he hadn’t been out like this since… it dawned on him, since his stag night with Sherlock.
It was probably in a large part due to fatigue and the release of the tension that had been building up the weeks leading up to yesterday, but now, John simply could not stop laughing. His abs hurt. Tears were streaming down his face. He just couldn’t stop.
He’d had an uncomfortable, fluttering sensation in his stomach when going to get the door, but that had quickly disappeared as John had swept in with an air of buzzing confidence about him.
John’s biceps are starting to tremble with exhaustion, and he sits up a bit, shifting his weight onto his knees. With his long arms, Sherlock can reach John’s hips, and he rests them there, right on top of the sharp protrusion of his hip bones, following through John’s movements. Then, without any prompting, Sherlock shifts to place a heavy leg on top of John’s good shoulder. John leans forward a little bit, and on the next thrust, he and Sherlock both moan loudly as John penetrates Sherlock even deeper.
”Right, forgot about the hip,” John said. Sherlock had told him over dinner - which seemed like forever ago, not just a couple of hours. John has not had any contact with Mrs H either, not for years, and now he wonders how he’d been able to so completely shut off the people he once cared for so immensely.
”A bit much last night, eh?” John reaches out to presumably touch his hair, but pulls back his hand when Sherlock flinches.
”But what?” Sherlock raised his head to look at John. They’d had similar exchanges before, but never had there been a ’but’ in there. A condition. A threat.
"Merry Christmas Sherlock,” Daddy greets him as he walks into the kitchen. ”Don’t you look nice today.”
, imagining the things he could eventually teach her. Had seen her not as just any child - because she wasn’t. She was
The house is unusually quiet, and since Sherlock’s brain can’t ever take a fucking break, he quickly adds up the clues to arrive at the conclusion that they have gone on some kind of walk. Thinks that a glass of orange juice would probably do him good, so he moves towards the kitchen.
Christmas Day. He’d planned it meticulously, gone through every possible scenario. Nothing could be allowed to go wrong.
He manages to stop himself before finishing the sentence. And despite the fact that he’s so turned on his head is practically spinning, a few unwelcome thoughts still flash through his mind, causing a sharp stab somewhere deep in his chest.
”This is-” he began. ”John - I don’t know what to say. This is the nicest thing I’ve ever-” He put the key down on the sofa table, wrapped his arms around John.
”Mmm. Probably. In circumstances like these, Mycroft won’t deny me anything. Well, except for drugs, of course…. Have to strike while the iron is hot.”
Sharp surges of arousal running through him. He begins to thrust faster, still shallow, just a little bit more than the tip. Sherlock has his head lifted up from the pillow, is intensely staring down. Small beads of sweat are trickling down his forehead, the pale skin of his throat and chest are flushed red.
“John-” Sherlock began, his voice hoarse and not carrying properly. “John, er, I, I'm terribly sorry for-”
“What does your dog look like? And in which direction did it go?” he asked, and was grateful that the woman resisted her obvious impulse to give him a hug.
Looking back, Sherlock wasn’t sure what, if anything, he’d replied. But he remembered, with painfully good clarity, how he’d remained seated on the floor, leaned against the wall for hours after John had left. How he’d run his fingertips over his lips, trying to lock into his memory the way it had felt, kissing John, being kissed back. Trying to make some kind of sense of what had just happened. Not succeeding.
John was here now, kissing him senseless, and he had said he was going to fix everything, and he would. John would not let Sherlock down.
Maybe it should come as a relief, but there’s something in John’s words that makes Sherlock’s stomach drop a bit. No obligations. He thinks that he would prefer if there were.
He also worries about Sherlock, living alone again. John had taken upon himself, with no small amount of pleasure, to help Sherlock with all those mundane but important things that his genius flatmate so easily ignored. Like eating. And sleeping. And attending to various wounds and scratches. Wonder how he was doing now?
He heard himself gasp loudly out into the room, as John spread his buttocks with two firm hands, and then licked a hot, wet line across his arse.
The tension in the car is so palpable that it could be cut with a knife. But suddenly Sherlock finds himself thinking - maybe it’s just nerves and all that’s happened and coming down from the drugs - but, yes, he’s thinking,
Mission completed, he sits down at the kitchen table with a cup of coffee, idly flips through an old copy of Hello! that he finds there. Recognises practically no-one except some members of the Royal family, which, in all fairness, makes up about eighty percent of the contents anyway.
”We’ll need to get furniture,” Sherlock said. ”I want a really nice bed! And a big desk. Maybe we should check out those antique stores by the pub? It could be fun!”
“I had no idea, Sherlock,” John said softly when they were seated in a taxi and headed towards Baker Street again. Sherlock's nose had stopped bleeding, but he still held his head slightly leaned back against the backrest. “How do you put up with all this?”
“Alright,” he said. His voice came out weaker than he had hoped. So far, every single thing Sherlock had said had been correct. “Go on, then. I'm sure you've got more.”
He turned to look at Sherlock, as he was standing next to him, watching as Greg moved between the friends that were all there to celebrate him. It dawned on John that he, not Greg, must have been the reason for Sherlock to show up this evening - he hated social events like this. John was suddenly so overcome with emotions that he had to turn away briefly to get them under control.
John had eventually, and with much difficulty, managed to tear himself away from Sherlock and Baker Street, to go back to his own flat for a greatly needed shower and a fresh change of clothes.
Abruptly, Sherlock turns to look at John. Or stare, rather; his eyes intense, darting from John’s face, to his legs, his feet, his face again. ”Sherlock, what-” John begins, but stops when Sherlock reaches out, grabs his left arm in a firm grip, squeezes hard. He lets go, but then proceeds to press two cold fingers to John’s pulse point in his neck.
The invitation to Greg’s birthday party had arrived through email, and when John met him at the pub after work one evening, he figured he might as well ask.
They eventually found their way back to normal, and spent another lovely hour finishing their wine and ordering some espresso. Sherlock was leaned back in his seat, and John had ceased the opportunity to press his own leg tight against Sherlock’s underneath the table. Just as he considered toeing off his shoe to place his foot somewhere else, Sherlock’s phone chimed. He took it up and read the text.
The rush of adrenaline has woken him up completely, and now he lies there, staring up into the ceiling, trying to sort out the thoughts in his head. In the pit of his stomach, that familiar, heavy weight has returned.
”I’ve really missed you too, John,” he said, then smiled a little, and John felt something similar to happiness spreading through his veins.
He had gotten bolder now, both in his imagination and in real life - he had begun to use his phone to watch gay porn, all the while terrified that Mary would see it or that his phone would suddenly combust due to some nasty virus or something. So far though, so good.
Maybe Sherlock sensed that he’d drifted off into thoughts, because he sinks his teeth into him, hard, right over his neck. John curses loudly- then laughs.
John smiles; a soft, gentle smile. The wrinkles around his eyes (warm, kind) get even more pronounced as he does. Words cannot express how much Sherlock has missed that smile. It fills him with too many emotions, his skin too tight to hold them, might explode.
It was like falling into a black hole, like losing the ties to everything else around him. In those moments, there was only burning rage. Like something took over his brain. And in the aftermath, always guilt. Guilt and shame and self-loathing.
Sherlock turns the lights on, proceeds to throw his coat over the sofa and then disappears into the kitchen, John can hear the tap running.
The evening had started out fine enough, but then there had been the text from Mary, and more cancelled plans, more retracted promises; and then of course more of the same goddamn excuses and pale apologies.
Blood alcohol level has apparently reached the point where his natural inhibition begins to slip. Without thinking, Sherlock puts one of his hands on top of John’s. John stills, then turns his hand, palm up. Takes Sherlock’s. Squeezes it briefly.
”I think I might need some more practice, though,” he said. ”At the physical technicalities of being gay, I mean,” and when they kissed again, he grabbed Sherlock’s behind, squeezed it tight.
Sherlock let go of John’s hand, and with a quick move, he snapped the trouser button out of it’s hole.
It was John. It was his scent, his sweat, his saliva, his pre-ejaculate. It was the texture of his hair, the hard shinbones, the stubble on his cheeks, the gentle lips, the rough lips, the flexing muscles.
“Sure!” he said in an upbeat tone, and John wondered who he was talking to. It was unusual for Sherlock to be nice on the phone to anyone, really.
”Boyfriend,” he said in a posh, pleasant voice, meeting John’s challenging stare with steady blue eyes. ”I’m his boyfriend.”
Unexpectedly, John’s voice cracks, a big lump forming in his throat, blocking any more words from coming out. He waits a moment.
”Sherlock…”, John said his name again, on an exhale. He moved his hands, let them glide down Sherlock’s shirted arms until they were resting on top of Sherlock’s tight fists, still gripping the counter.
”Well, then,” said Sherlock. ”As I’ve said before - only a fool argues with his doctor.” And with that, he moved his hands to his shirt, and began to unbutton, staring straight into John’s eyes as he did it.
So when his phone suddenly pings, John’s heart still leaps up in his throat. He scoops it up from his pocket in some sort of supersonic speed, only to breathe out in disappointment one second later.
John had planned to make another stop to pick up food from the Korean place closer to Baker Street, but as he stood there, he changed his mind. Instead of take out, he was going to load up on a variety of delicacies, perfect for Sherlock to eat while pretending not to.
He runs his hand over her back, over her messy blonde hair. She’s crying less now, he can feel her tiny frame relaxing. Leans down, so that they’re face to face.
”Oh shut up, will you,” said Sherlock, and John couldn’t help but laugh at this situation. ”I’ll get her out, no worries, doc.”
However, this time, Sherlock was completely naked, and John realized that leaning over to kiss him there now would perhaps send signals of something else approaching. He wanted to do it, but didn’t feel quite ready for the challenge. It was so very odd to be the more inexperienced one in an encounter like this, and John really didn’t want to disappoint Sherlock in any way.
”And I.. it was Molly who pointed it out to me… we think he might have a.. what’s the proper word for it… a boyfriend.”
He could smell John’s building arousal, and he could feel it, evident of course by the solid erection rubbing against his own, but also by the way his movements were gradually changing.
John was placing more kisses along his back, as if it could make the scars go away. He then wrapped his arms around him, held him impossibly tight. Sherlock squirmed to turn around on the bed, stretched out his long legs on each side of John, and hugged him back.
Dr. Riyat had said that he was allowed to phone him, in emergencies and if he’d tried the things on the checklist and they didn’t help.
”It’s okay,” Sherlock tried. John didn’t look up, but suddenly it was easy to know what to do. Sherlock carefully placed a hand on John’s shoulder. The shared heat between Sherlock’s palm and John’s shoulder,
Sometimes, work matters would make it necessary to visit Bart's Hospital, and on those occasions, he would always be extra vigilant. Hoping and fearing to meet him. So far, he hadn’t.
But wait. Another image from the night. Elusive. He tried to focus. It was from a hospital room. Not this one. Two chairs and an examining table. Lots of people there, talking in stern voices to him. ’You need to calm down, Mr. Holmes,’ someone had shouted. But there was something else in this memory, he felt certain. Something about John.
Sherlock shook his head, still with John’s dick in his mouth. He returned to sucking it the way he had been doing in the beginning, then encouraged John to move his hips, held his head still and let John set the pace, let him fuck into his mouth. John felt his knees buckle, and had to lean back against the headboard for support.
Sherlock very clearly has had enough. He puts both hands on the armrests of his chair, stands up decisively. ”Don’t you two have something to do in the kitchen? We haven’t eaten for at least an hour.”
Sherlock couldn't believe this was happening. The feeling of John's dick, so very suggestively positioned, oh, it was absolutely fantastic. He tried very, very hard to retain his self control, because his entire body was screaming to move, to push down his arse harder against John's cock, to lift his legs up for a better angle-
”I can’t see why you haven’t chucked him by now,” Sherlock scoffs. ”What is it now, three years wasted? You are not a complete idiot, and there’s nothing too offensive about the way you look. My brother, on the other hand-”
”Sherlock has always been ’different’," Mycroft says sharply. "And now, if you don’t mind, could we perhaps move on from this cry fest? It is, after all, Christmas Day. Joy to the world, and all that.” Mycroft nods toward the album. ”What other fascinating photographs could you bestow upon our poor guests tonight?”
But there was something in his reaction, something in his eyes, that made something in John click - a sudden understanding, a newfound confidence. The rather large amount of liquor he'd been consuming helped him greatly to dare to use it.
For hours last night, after the text, John had been trying to formulate a letter to leave for Sherlock. But it had been really hard. No matter how he began, it would always end up the same way as the text he really had wanted to send - as a desperate plea for another chance, a frantic declaration of love.
John was dressed quite properly, in sand-coloured cotton trousers, a pressed white shirt and brown brogues. His skin was tanned, his hair two shades blonder. The hair on his arms was lighter, too. He looked the way he always used to do in the summer. Impossibly handsome.
”Sherlock, it’s difficult for me to explain, I don’t even get it myself. I never considered myself, um, gay, but,” he paused, ”but I’m very attracted to you. As you could see earlier,” he added with a laugh, blushing again.
”No, that’s the thing! It was that Love Hits station that Molly likes! Told you he’s gone quite mad!”
He should just let Sherlock be; of course he’s capable, and he realises he probably comes across as patronising. ”Call me if there’s anything I can do.”
Back in the bedroom, Sherlock suddenly got a little embarrassed about taking his robe off in front of John. Somehow, it felt different from earlier that night, and he could feel John’s intensive gaze on his naked skin as he slipped out of the thin garment and threw it on the chair.
Sherlock turned around at lightening’s speed, his mouth literally falling open, wide eyes staring at John in complete disbelief. John realized he was probably doing the exact same thing. He couldn’t move, felt glued in place. He just stood there, looking down at Sherlock - it really was him! - kneeling on the snow covered street.
Charlie Foxtrot - phonetic alphabet for C and F, which in turn stands for ClusterFuck - just a little nicer way of saying it :)
He felt his body reacting intensely to all this, and felt dangerously close to coming. Somehow, Sherlock understood and pulled off quickly, then pressed his hand hard around the base of John’s cock, delaying the inevitable for at least a little while longer.
At this point, Sherlock looked as if he was about to pass out or maybe have some sort of panic attack. John knew he had to do it, anyway.
He let his fingertips touch the skull, brushed off some dust from it. He realized Sherlock would probably notice.
”Sherlock… no. You can’t- you can’t know what would have happened. You were very young, and you did what you believed was right at the time. Maybe Mr Trevor wouldn’t even have accepted your help. Maybe the blackmailers had just found another way, after you’d left. Maybe he’d had a stroke anyway. There are all kinds of things that could have happened. Point is - you
The massive effort he had been making, to block out John, limit their interaction to a minimum - all preventive measures to avoid the flood of emotions that John always managed to stir up within him. It had been necessary, in order to allow new emotions to take hold. Ones that wouldn’t be so painfully, miserably one sided. Ones that he didn’t need to hide or be ashamed of.
-” John was clearly getting worked up now, hands waving in broad gestures, his words spoken rapidly, nearly shouting - ”was not my idea, alright!”
”What the..!” John leaped forward to pull it out of the glass, dried it off on his shirt, pressed a few buttons. As expected, the phone was completely dead. He ripped out the battery, dried it off, put it back in. Didn’t help.
The snow in his hair had made Sherlock’s curls twist tighter than usual. His ears and the tip of his nose were red from the cold, he had a thick woolen scarf wrapped around his neck, and John was unable to form a single thought.
But what if? What if they’d had that conversation, right when Sherlock had returned. How would things have turned out?
“Oh!” was Sherlock's first, startled reaction, and then it quickly turned into a repeated, almost whining, “ah, ah...” Sherlock was curling his upper leg firmly around John's waist, and he kept rocking his whole body slowly into John's.
”Sherlock, how could you even-” John was shaking him a little as he found his words, ”How the bloody hell could you come up with such a crazy thought? Do you still not get it? There is nothing in this world that could make me change my mind about you. Nothing.”
He really doesn’t know what else to say, and Mrs Holmes seems to take his silence as a quiet understanding. She smiles, warmly.
He saw her eyes fill with tears, and as she blinked, one made it's way down her cheek, then followed by another.
”Ah,” John laughs. ”I take it the brother is not the most punctual one, th-” He stops mid sentence. ”Um. Is your partner’s name by any chance Mycroft?”
John broke their kiss, tilted his head and started to place wet kisses on Sherlock’s neck, just below his ear. He trailed his tongue up to Sherlock’s earlobe, sucked it in, licked it, then moved back to kiss his neck again. Sherlock let his head fall back a bit, exposing more of his neck. Rush after rush of excitement and desire rolled through him like giant waves.
”What, John?” Sherlock was panting heavily. He knew what John was trying to ask, but couldn't understand why was he being so impossibly vague about it.
So they had just gone about their daily lives, Englishmen as they were, tactfully avoiding to talk about all things that threatened to become uncomfortably private. But here now, in front of John, was evidence as good as it gets that his assumptions had been wrong.
It was early June, and the soft scents of summer and warm asphalt lingered in the evening sun. The streets were crowded with dressed up people, slight excitement in the air, the usual Friday evening buzz.
Still no reply. John was facing Sherlock but he was just looking straight out in the empty air again. John, however, knew him well enough to see that he was intensely processing John’s words, evaluating the situation.
”Is that a promise?” smiled Sherlock, and John was finally getting back in shape to deal with the force of nature that was Sherlock Holmes.
John was trying hard to not act any further on his anger. He knew that he had already crossed a few lines, and was beginning to sense that Mary would not put up with more before possibly confronting him, and that he wanted to avoid at all costs. So instead, he was sitting silently at the table, occasionally glancing at Sherlock, who had his phone in his hand and was not looking up.
Everywhere, groups of guests talking over each other about boring, trivial things, and when they try to make him participate, he doesn’t know what to say. He feels like covering his ears with his hands, scream at the top of his lungs, tell them to just SHUT THE FUCK UP.
When Sherlock had gathered courage to ask some of them about John, they had all gotten a pained expression in their eyes, started talking about how great Gabe was. Said that Sherlock should ’let the past be in the past’. Proceeded to litter his mind with more truisms.
”That it was all part of my cunning plan, of course! That I faked being no good, to get to spend more time cozied up with you and the books on your narrow little bed!”
He collected himself and stepped out from the anonymity of the crowd, walked up to Sherlock. He was met with wide eyes, and the feelings that overwhelmed him was nearly making it impossible to think.
Bright light. Everywhere, he was surrounded by this bloody bright light. It was burning his retinas, even though his eyes were closed.
“You can't know that!” yelled the woman. “It should have been taken to a veterinarian, they could have saved it!”
The moisture in his breath condenses to form puffs of smoke as it meets the chilly December air. The night sky is clear, and as he pauses at an intersection, he glances up at the bright stars, recalls another starry London night, an eternity ago.
But when the young men had dragged themselves and their friend away, John noticed that Sherlock's nose was bleeding.
He turned to look at Sherlock, who was standing with his arms hanging down, looking equal parts excited and lost.
John still had his face buried in Sherlock's neck, so there was no way of reading his facial expression. But Sherlock heard his breath get faster, more insistent.
”Certainly. Boxing first. You have put on eight, no ten pounds in muscle mass since I saw you in December, mainly in your shoulders and legs, which is precisely where a good fighter wants them. You’ve simultaneously lowered your body fat percentage by three percent, at least. Looks good by the way,” he added with a smile, causing John to feel his cheeks flush.
”Baker Street,” replied Sherlock, and John was thrilled to notice that his voice was a little shaky.
”So, I take it you aren’t helping Sherlock with his cases anymore? Must be weird, after all that the two of you have been through together.”
”Oh but you should,” she said. ”You know what I think? I think he is just - bored. He’ll toss you away like a dead mouse when he’s finished playing with you.”
He’d killed him. It was the only option left. Had been an easy decision. For John. He owed it to John. For failing to see Mary for who she truly was. For falling from the rooftop and disappearing for two long years. For inviting John to share the flat in the first place.
It was so quiet in the Baker Street flat that Sherlock could hear his own respiration. Inhale, exhale, repeat. Elevated rate, elevated pulse.
Sherlock. The man who had shook John out of his miserable existence and brought him back to the world of the living again. The man who had let John get close enough to see a vulnerable heart beneath that odd, aloof exterior. They had built their lives around each other. Saved each other,
”I know,” he drawls, pleased with being able to show off a bit; a practiced smoke ring better than nothing.
It was a story of a childhood so sad he wanted to cry for her, cry for the little girl she once had been. A story of neglect and abuse, of a lonely child who had the choice of fending for herself or going under.
It had been almost three months since John had become his. It was late November and it had been raining for days on end. Sherlock was sitting in the window ledge, smoking, and he didn’t have it in him to care about what John would say about it when he noticed the smell.
“Of course, and so do I!” John said with a hint of desperation in his voice. “The circumstances of last night were extreme, and I promise you, nothing like that will ever happen again! You have my word!”
”Are you daft, what the f-!” The officer turns to Sally, probably hoping to get some support, but Sally just shrugs. ”Do as the man says,” she says, and with a disbelieving grunt, the young officer turns on her heel and stomps off in the direction Sherlock was gesturing.
Sherlock still didn't want her to stay at Baker Street, though. It would be a lie to say John didn't find this frustrating, but he figured that in time, Sherlock was bound to come around. And until then, he'd just keep his own place – it wasn't like he couldn't afford it.
It was such a strange thing. Three little words, but they seemed to have an almost infinite number of different meanings. They could be spoken to a lover in the midst of passion, or to a child. Said to a friend as a simple phrase when you hung up the phone.
Didn’t know what, though, he wonders. Is this about that photo, per se, about Victor specifically? Because surely, his sexual orientation must have been obvious to John?
Sitting next to Sherlock in the taxi, mostly in silence but a good kind of silence, had been unreal. But it was nothing compared to walking side by side through Regent’s Park. As John thought about this, he realized something.
It’s already dark outside, so Sherlock sets a quick pace along the narrow country road, instead of taking the trail through the forest. He’s still wearing Daddy’s jacket, it’s horrendous but he very reluctantly has to admit that it’s doing a better job than his coat at keeping him warm.
“Mycroft, wait.” He struggled for the right words. “I don't know how much you know, but surely you're aware of how much I care about Sherlock. There were a lot of things I couldn't control last night, but you must know I would never do anything to deliberately harm him!”
”I’m quite certain I’d make a horrible teacher,” Sherlock mumbled, irritated at this relentless nagging.
”Relationships?” John echoed, starting to feel a bit uncomfortable even though this was exactly what he wanted to talk about. ”Well I guess it wasn’t exactly The Doctor Phil-show at Baker Street, if you know what I mean.”
”No!” is all Sherlock has time to say before Mycroft is disappearing with Caroline and her bag up the stairs. ”Oh God help me,” John hears Sherlock mutter as he comes in to take off his jacket.
”Guess I can skip my morning run tomorrow,” he said, and Sherlock looked at him with an amused wrinkle between his brows.
As he relaxed, he let his thoughts drift in ways he had never previously allowed. Straight or gay, there was no denying that Sherlock was beautiful. Those cheekbones that John used to admire. Those soft curls framing his face, contrasting his pale complexion. Cat-like eyes and cat-like behavior, too, John had often thought. Unpredictable.
The door to the flat was closed, he knocked, waited for two seconds and then used his key to let himself in there too.
He shook his head for emphasis, but the motion made him feel slightly sick. He stopped, drew a deep breath.
”No…” he said. ”We always talk about what you want, what you need. I don’t know if it ever occurs to you that I have needs, too? Dreams, goals. Things I want from
During the train ride into work, John relaxed his head against the metal wall and closed his eyes. He had only managed to get about three hours of sleep but didn’t feel tired, just oddly revved up.
The violin case was on the desk. John opened it and placed the small envelope inside, then carefully shut the case and secured it with the hatch.
”We sure are, love,” he smiled back, stroking his fingers through Sherlock’s unruly curls. ”We sure are.”
For the first time, John allowed himself to think this thought to the end. Mock executions were common, he was aware of that. The horrible practice of water boarding. Rape.
Silence in his first flat, well, at least if one didn’t count the rasping sound that could be heard from inside the walls at night. Rats. He’d tried hard to not think about it. Played his violin to drown it out; drown it out along with the restless feeling inside, the one that would tug at him and make it so difficult to sleep. All in all, years and years of silence.
”Well, since I did come here on account of a drug overdose, that was hardly too difficult to figure out,” he threw back.
And standing there, it dawned on John how true that was. Sherlock was indeed reckless with himself, in many different ways. John had given intense consideration to all the things that Mycroft had said, and now, it all sort of came together.
”Tread carefully with that heart of yours, brother dear,” he says quietly, making Sherlock finally lose his temper.
John didn’t know the couple they were meeting for dinner. The woman was someone Mary had met through her book club, they had become good friends and Mary was often talking to her on the phone.
A big beard, brownish black, covered most of his face. It was hard to stop looking at it. And despite the beard, Dr. Riyat did not look a day older than twenty. Of course. Without the beard he would look even younger.
He wraps his other hand around Sherlock’s cock, strokes him a bit, then ghosts over his tight balls.
And even though he could see it was hurting him, it felt like a massive weight had been lifted off his chest. He could breathe again.
”Now,” he said, and John started to move his fingers, ever so slowly, all three held tightly together. Sherlock felt them glide, in and almost but not completely out, and whimpered. The pain had subsided, and was quickly being replaced by intense pleasure.
Sherlock had been smiling, but now, in less than a second, his expression turned serious, his eyes dark. John instantly regretted his question, cursed himself for having ruined the happy mood that had began to bubble between them. He braced himself for what Sherlock was about to reply.
In the soft light from the bedside lamp, John thinks that Sherlock looks almost ethereal, with his pale skin and his dark locks spread like halo on the white pillowcase. Side by side, legs tangled, kissing, panting into each other’s mouths.
A given, of course, but still, the thought is unsettling somehow. An unwelcome reminder of time lost, and of future time diminishing at what seems like a steadily increasing pace.
Sherlock briefly glanced up from his phone towards Gabriel. ”I didn’t know you had a thing for gingers,” he said with a slow, exaggerated pronunciation of the last word. He then looked back down at his phone and continued to scroll.
”Ew, for fuck’s sake!” He frantically grabbing a corner of the duvet to wipe his face. Sadie was standing right next to the bed, tail wagging happily.
”I’m coming-” John holds his breath, Sherlock can feel when he tips over the edge. The sensation of John’s warm semen over Sherlock’s hand and chest makes arousal shoot like electricity through his body again. Keeps slowly stroking as John comes down.
,” is all he manages to catch before John is out of the room, and Sherlock’s heart is sinking in dark, muddy water again.
But it’s impossible to stop his mind from wandering; back to what happened in the darkness of Sherlock’s childhood room last night. And yes, he knows that Sherlock was asleep, that it was nothing more than an autonomic reflex, just the transport responding -
Mary had mentioned that David was going to be there, too, apparently they had reconnected during the summer.
”Well. Neither are you,” Sherlock mumbles, takes a sip of his tea again. ”You’ve gained at least ten pounds. Too much booze, take out almost every night, and those jogs around the block are far too infrequent to do any difference.”
he replied, still grinning as he was sitting in his office, surrounded by medical charts and instruments and prescription pads. Things belonging to a responsible adult, but today, his heart was decidedly that of a love sick teenager’s.
”One of these days, I’m going to find out exactly how ticklish you are,” he said with a smile. ”I’m going to hold you down and tickle you until you cry.”
And the game was ON! And it was better than drugs to keep him distracted, to hold this damaged ship afloat for yet a while.
“Yes,” Sherlock mumbled. John got in close and put his arm around him, stroked gently over his hair, still moist from the shower he'd taken afterwards.
Sherlock looked down but didn’t move away. They stood quietly next to each other for a minute, leaned against the desk, still smiling, catching their breath. Then, with his eyes fixed on an untouched plate of olives in front of them, Sherlock broke the silence.
Wanting to test out a little bit more about Sherlock's response to dominance, John gripped the soft curls at the back of his head and held them firmly. At the same time, he began to slide his fingers suggestively in and out of Sherlock's mouth. It pleased him to no end to see how these two things combined, turned Sherlock into an absolute trembling mess before him. His moans turned into whimpers; he was holding his body very still except for his hips, insistently grinding against John's belly.
The hours in the pub had passed so quickly, and now it was almost midnight. Although he definitely felt more sober now, he was still swaying a bit when he walked.
John pictured Sherlock on the sofa, sleeping. He imagined leaning over him to brush his lips against Sherlock’s, waking him up.
John stopped talking. Man, all those words and he hadn’t even finished his first beer. He considered briefly to go get a quick shot, or three, at the bar.
”Well. Good thing you called my brother, then. He paid us such a lovely surprise visit, just this morning actually. Perhaps 7 o’clock is a tad bit early for entertaining guests after a nice night out, but, never mind. You know how much his little lectures do delight me. I’d welcome those at any hour.”
Sunday, Monday and Tuesday went by in a blur. John performed his tasks at the clinic in a robot-like mode, and many times found himself staring blankly at the computer screen in front of him, unwritten records and referrals piling up at an alarming speed. He thought about how Sherlock had gone missing in action from his life the last months.
”No!” Sherlock shouts, and the Commander turns sharply towards him. ”Are you the one giving orders around here, huh? One of our men is in there, stuck with a lunatic with a gun, alright. We have to put an end to this before something happens. Communication has broken down, he’s already pulled the trigger once - we have no other option.”
A heavy sigh escapes Sherlock. He feels so tired, absolutely drained, and also, the wine is making his head spin, just a little. And at the same time… as he’s told John the story, something strange has happened. It’s like a space has opened up inside his chest, light and airy instead of the dark black lump that’s been stuck there for so long.
”Um? Thanks, I, er-” John takes the glass but then just stands there. Looks like he doesn’t quite know how to act. Possibly trying hard to conceal the fact that he wasn’t sleeping - not the entire time - Sherlock could hear his pulse and respiration change at the exact point on which he woke up.
”Noo… I think I’ve deduced that much, tonight.” A bemused look on John’s face. He’s whispering, likely because now they are in the upstairs hallway and maybe he’s being
He did not want to read this. Really, really did not want to see, but what choice did he have? And it was not as if things could get much worse at this point, anyway. Might as well read the damn papers and find out exactly how last night had unfolded for Sherlock.
”No, I mean- Mary and I. We’ve agreed to take a break from the city. Decided to give Bingham a shot. Mary wants Rosie to grow up somewhere quieter, some place where there’s more nature and stuff and just an easier lifestyle and no commuting and-”
A slender, fair skinned man in his thirties was approaching the bar where they were standing. He had black framed glasses, and was wearing black jeans, a red wool cardigan and a t-shirt with a Pink Floyd print. Mark shook his hand while they exchanged a few pleasantries.
John leaned forward over him, kissed his back. He had removed one of his hands from his waist; Sherlock guessed he was using it to guide his dick into the right spot.
”I’m going to make it so good for you, love,” John whispered, then kissed him. Sherlock felt his body tremble.
Well, it was primarily Sherlock who was doing the talking, just like he had been last night in the park. He went on about his work, cases, people who had annoyed him. Sometimes he’d launch into long monologues of scientific reasoning; debating out loud with himself, once in a while getting his phone to cross-check some seemingly important fact.
Three hours later, John returned, smelling of beer and the pub five blocks away, and it was the longest time he’d been away after a fight like this. Sherlock had been playing the violin, trying to keep himself distracted from the panicky feelings that were tugging inside, but now he abruptly put the violin down and walked up to John, took his jacket, put it back on the hook.
”And speaking of energy. I got your favorite - pain au chocolates. I walked by the bakery after I’d dropped off Sadie.”
that John doesn’t know, or doesn’t know completely, and yes, one day that should probably be dealt with. But right now, no. He just can’t.
After walking for thirty minutes, John still hadn’t even made it out of the city. The snow on the ground was reaching up over his ankles now, and for every step, he had to pull his foot free from the grip of the thick, wet snow into which it had sunk.
Sherlock had to bite his lip not to yell out loud. John had pointed his tongue, and without warning, he’d pushed it in, teasing and poking the strong muscle there. Sherlock tried to collect himself enough to relax the muscles. When he eventually was able to, John immediately noticed and took advantage, quickly replacing his tongue with his finger again. When he made a featherlight brush against the prostrate, Sherlock groaned loadly.
John smiled and returned his hand to Sherlock’s hip, stroked it down the outside of his right thigh, then let it brush over the inside on the way back.
didn’t want to leave. But Mary felt it was necessary and given everything that has happened and, yes. Fine. I suppose she’s right, in a way. But just to be clear, Sherlock. Just to be one hundred percent clear: I didn’t fucking choose this. I didn’t fucking choose this life but I have
Leaning over as much as he did, he occasionally felt Sherlock’s cock brushing up against his stomach, and every time it happened, Sherlock would let out the most amazing noises. It was almost too much to bear.
“Of course,” he managed to get out. “You did the only right thing. But, what then, where did they go?”
John smiles. ”My privilege, Sherlock. Listen. You get into bed and I’ll get you some water and a couple of Ibuprofen, might need them for when you wake up.”
Aided by the adrenaline rush and the wave of emotions, John tore himself away from the flat, his every step down the staircase a massive effort to remain undetected. It had begun to rain, a warm summer night drizzle. He stumbled away from Baker Street, still dizzy, but this time not from alcohol.
He was beginning to feel the effects of kneeling on the ground in nothing but a shirt, a jumper and a pair of cotton trousers, so he kept his parka draped over his shoulders in an effort to warm up.
Sherlock was blinking furiously, and John’s heart ached for him. He wished so much that he could just go around the table and hug him.
He had expected her to get upset, of course he had. Expected her to cry, to yell at him, to be angry. After all, that was the way the girlfriends he had broken up with in the past had reacted.
”I will not stand for any more of this hiding and sneaking about. Not in my house, not in this day and age. We’re all old enough to be well past that, don’t you think?”
“After Sherlock had to fake his death, I think it's safe to say that almost everything he did, he did to keep you safe. On the few occasions that we were in contact during those two years, his first enquiry would always, without fail, be about you.”
”Look Sherlock, what can I say. I’m really sorry and I get that you’re crossed with me. But you can’t blame me for being concerned, you were high, for fuck’s sake. And I… I couldn’t stand it if something terrible happened to you, you know that.”
Many times, too many, John had since allowed himself to get lost in fantasies about what might have happened if he hadn’t gathered his very last shred of self control, that day. It made for great masturbatory material, but, he’d discovered, always came with a price, in form of a wistful, heavy feeling in his chest afterwards. It is what it is, he’d tried to say to himself.
John leaned forward in his chair again, drawing a deep breath to ask his friend a question he'd never thought he'd pose.
”Would you like to take a moment to brainstorm ways that you could perhaps deal with this dilemma? Try to see if we can figure out some acceptable solution to keep you safe, for the time being, at least?”
”And that was always a great exaggeration,” he smiled. ”No, actually there is no queue, because I’ve already found someone special.”
He rests his head against the front door, closes his eyes as fireworks begins to explode somewhere in the distance. Hears people cheering. Thinks that he has no fucking idea how this year will turn out. Thinks about Sherlock. Wonders again where he's at.
”John,” she says, her voice lowered. ”There’s something I want to just mention. And you don’t have to answer right now - just think about it for a while, alright?”
At dawn, they were both not quite awake but not really asleep, either. Their bodies gravitated towards one another without conscious effort, pressed close again, torso against torso, leg between legs. Lips meeting and tongues quickly catching on. John could feel Sherlock’s body, pliant and relaxed from sleep, moving into him and reacting to his touches. John’s hand found it’s way down to Sherlock’s cock, and he thought that he was already starting to love the sensation of it filling in his fist, growing harder, bigger.
John did not like where this conversation -or rather, monologue- was going. Not one bit. And the worst part was that he was running out of arguments. He felt like he was falling.
”Yes?” John’s fingers under the elastic of his pants. Sherlock’s speechless, so he just nods instead, once. Notices that his chest is heaving. In a swift motion, John pulls down his pants, Sherlock shakes them from his feet and then he’s standing there, in front of John, naked.
”How did you - how did you do all this? And when? I can’t believe it, it’s totally transformed. A completely new room!”
”That was very kind of you. Although I must admit, I’ve never really cared too much for those. A bit too sweet for me, you know.” He smiled.
A minute later, John was standing up in the middle of the sitting room, trying to hear every little piece of the conversation. To his frustration, he couldn't really make out all the words, only got snippets. He heard Gabriel say something, and then heard Sherlock laugh. It wasn’t his fake, routine-interaction laugh, but the soft, genuine one, and John felt like it was hard to breathe.
Sherlock feels the first surge in his groin of the inevitable. Doesn’t want to come yet but this is too much to handle.
”Sadie is a dog, John. The dog from the park. I've begun to borrow her, on occasions.” He smiled big. ”And I need to take her out now. Don’t want any accidents on the rug.”
”Male honeybees develop from unfertilised eggs. The queen is their only parent. Thus, they only have a single set of sex chromosomes, unlike the female bees who have both mother and father. Did you know that?”
“Don't, John. Please.” Sherlock looked at him. He was still holding John's dick, very slowly stroking it. “Listen to me. I want it. I want it so much I lack the words to explain it to you. Just because I'm inexperienced with this sort of thing – it doesn't make me less capable of knowing what I want.”
”Wait!” Sherlock speaks up, worry in his eyes, small beads of sweat making his pale skin shine in the dimmed light of the bedroom. ”Wait, it feels like I’m going to-”
It’s memories of times long gone - forgotten or, in some cases, deleted. Memories of the young boy he once was; usually seems like a lifetime ago but tonight, now, it’s so close he could touch it.
He knew he should just get in a taxi and leave, but.. standing there at Baker Street, it felt impossible not to wonder about that one particular flat at 221B. Was Sherlock home? John knew he had been very busy, dealing with that horrible Did you miss me?-scenario after Christmas. Sherlock had asked if John wanted to help, but at the time it had just been impossible, with the imminent birth of the baby and all.
”Say it again,” he mumbles, and Sherlock obliges. Leans closer and whispers, with wet lips against John’s ear, a slow, teasing string of profanities. It sends shivers down John’s spine.
From late afternoon, he'd spent hours by the window, watching the street below for signs of a taxi slowing down. For signs of John.
Usually, just lying down next to each other would mean them both getting instantly turned on. Tonight was no exception, Sherlock felt it and he noticed that John did, too. But John didn’t reach out to him tonight, and after being rejected earlier, Sherlock certainly wasn’t going to risk it once more.
And it wasn’t as if he had moved in or something, he still went to Baker Street almost every day to work and to unwind, and when Gabriel was traveling or Sherlock was on a case, he would spend all his available time there, usually sleeping on the sofa.
”Let’s worry about that later, love,” John said. ”Come here and have some coffee instead. I made it extra strong.”
John turned abruptly away from Sherlock, started pacing around the room. Sherlock stood still, waiting, had given up on trying to figure out what was going on. No point with John, could never be sure.
On a whim, he reached into his shirt, pulled out his army dog tags. He wore them every day, just because it felt like he’d forgotten something when he didn’t have them.
John had alerted Greg that he was going to be late, and as usual, that meant even later that he had expected. It had been a quiet afternoon at the surgery, he’d been catching up on all his paperwork, and even had time to make it out to the lunch room to grab a slice of the cake someone had brought, and refill his coffee for the third time. Decaf, of course, always decaf at work. Couldn’t have any trembling hands in the operating theatre.
John exhales, it comes out shakily. Allows himself to linger on the mental image for a little while.
John’s entire body is trembling. He flops down heavily next to Sherlock, wraps his arm around him, pulls him close. It’s wet and sticky and already a bit cold, and John thinks that nothing in this world could be more perfect. This is a moment of bliss, of love, of gratefulness and happiness.
”It’s really quite amazing the way that coat has held up, after all it has had to endure.” John touches Sherlock’s right sleeve lightly as he says it.
Everything is already in order, this breakfast has always been one of Daddy’s proudest moments as far as home making and traditions go. The usual things on the table, with scrambled eggs, sausages and bacon still on the cooker to keep hot.
“You want someone to relieve you of all obligations – someone who will help you shut down that great mind of yours for a while... isn't that so?”
It helps to get out of the house, the chilly winter air a nice change from the stuffy indoor heat. It’s a clear, sunny day, and so quiet out here compared to the city. The house is surrounded by fields and a few small islands of trees, everything covered in frost and snow. By the bird feeder Daddy’s put up, a male
“Say it,” John grunted, let go of his dick, let it rest thick and heavy against Sherlock's arse. He reached up and closed his hand firmly around Sherlock's erection.
”Oh my god,” he whispered. ”It this really happening, Sherlock? Am I really here with you and we are having sex, I’ve thought about this a million times-”
It was his fault, because he hadn’t seen it coming. He really had been clueless about Mary. Had failed John, and in the process, made it painfully clear that he wasn’t all that John had thought him to be.
Thinking about that made him want more. Remembering their talk earlier in the evening, he experimentally put his hands on Sherlock's wrists and lifted them, held them down over Sherlock's head as he was lying on his back beneath John. He leaned over him, kissed him, sucked on that plush lower lip, and at the same time, continued to let his erection slide, wet and heavy, against Sherlock's.
Just for the heck of it, of course. But for once, it had been right up Sherlock's alley, and they'd spent one evening and an entire afternoon binge watching in bed.
They’re so close; John’s thigh keeps brushing against Sherlock’s arm, his palm in Sherlock’s hair as he keeps working. Perfectly innocent, neutral touches but now, John is acutely aware of each and every one of them. Aware of how, when they’re in this position, his groin is only inches away from Sherlock’s face, from his perfect mouth… And though he tries hard to think of something else, vivid memories from their night together keep flashing through his mind. Memories of touching Sherlock, of tasting him,
”You bet,” he said, staring into Sherlock’s eyes, careful to keep his expression stern. He was insanely pleased with himself when Sherlock averted his eyes, and he saw a pink blush spreading across his cheeks.
”What’s this?” Sherlock asked, looking even more confused than before. He was holding in his hand the key that John had placed inside the little box.
They were both sitting straight up now, on each side of the mattress, with as much distance between them as the bed would allow. John shook his head.
Once more, John found himself pleading with the universe, in the same way he had done after Sherlock's suicide. That had turned out to not be a suicide.
John interrupts. ”I’ve just never- It’s never been anything more. Never any feelings involved. It was just sex. So I didn’t really, you know. Count it. I guess.”
“Good!” John snapped. “Frankly, I can't understand why that particular information is even allowed to clutter up your mind. I thought you said you deleted irrelevant things? You've deleted the solar system, so...” his voice trickled off. This was too weird.
But he hadn’t gotten there earlier. And he hadn’t, in fact, reached out to him to ease the wait, either. Had been caught up in his own business. And Sherlock had done what he did and that was all there was to it.
”You drive me mad; your body, your mouth-” John breathed between two rocking motions that both sent Sherlock momentarily down into the mattress.
Sees John’s expression change, and for a moment, it looks like he’s actually been able to stun him. But that was his intention, after all. Because he does not want to sit there like a pathetic loser and listen to John apologising, explaining; wrapping hurtful things in nice words so they won’t sound as ugly.
”I am,” he replied thoughtfully. ”I think I’ve learned a few things about myself,” he said, looking quite awkward at the topic.
John keeps pressing, stretching, perhaps a little bit impatiently but really, he feels like he can’t wait another minute.
”You know perfectly well what. The questions in your head are so loud I can’t even hear my own thoughts.”
Sherlock had been talking while looking at the screen, but then abruptly looked up at John, eyes shining with excitement.
Sherlock’s stomach twists into knots again. This question has topped his list of concerns, ever since they ran into each other outside of Harrods that night. He holds his breath while waiting for John’s reply.
”Perhaps I should,” he said, getting down to put two fingers on the woman’s pulse point at her wrist, simultaneously checking her respiration. With Sherlock’s eyes practically burning a hole in his neck, he was trying to make a quick appraisal of her status.
Then Mike had looked at him sternly. John hadn’t even thought the man had it in him to make that kind of face.
The bed was stripped down to the mattress, a duvet and some pillows neatly stacked at the foot of the bed. Oh dear god. Where had he gone, what had he done?
He fought an impulse to push John's head down to speed things up a bit. It was obvious that John wanted to take things slow tonight, and that could certainly be nice as well. Or so he tried to tell himself.
John had switched his phone to silent, but it vibrated when three texts appeared in quick succession.
A soft moan escaped Sherlock’s mouth, unwillingly, he felt embarrassed about this loss of control, but then John immediately responded by emitting a throaty grunt and pulling Sherlock even closer.
The thought made him dizzy, made his knees weak. Does that actually happen?, he wondered, but then had to widen his stance and lean back against the counter to support himself. This also had the effect to lessen the height difference between them, and John took immediate advantage, tilting his head to catch Sherlock’s mouth in an open mouthed kiss, rougher than before.
