I am not excusing his actions. I am writing this letter, right now, because he just smashed a bottle over your head because he sent away Jarvis. There is no way to express on paper how sorry I am. I am sorry that Jarvis had to go because I know you loved him, and I know he loved you, and I know your father loved him, too. I don’t know how much you know about that, Tony, but read into it what you will. Your father sent him away with good reason, although I think it broke his heart to do so. He smashed the bottle over your head because you told him the truth, Tony. You showed him what a bitter old man he has become.
Tony’s tongue traces his lower lip. He knows what Steve wants to hear, he thinks. “Knot me like I deserve,” he breathes, “I fucking deserve it, to have my – my pussy used by you,
“That means – “ Tony does the quick, easy math. “Two hours here, two hours back, two hours back here again, and then another two hours home. You can’t – I can’t ask you to do that.”
“Aren’t you just the little gourmet?” He half-laughs, throwing his napkin on his plate. He’s in better humor now that their living space is clean and their food edible. “Your mother teach you that?”
“… not well,” he can barely hear Bruce’s words, murmured, inconsequential. “Talking to himself, don’t know if – “
the submission, and when Tony just laughs instead of the customary breathy whimpers and whines he knows Steve wants to win, he’ll push his head into the floor and smear it there, thoughtless, thrusting into him with no mind to anyone’s pleasure but his own.
“I guess I would have had to start taking Steve’s money eventually,” she reasons. “Yeah, probably. Or started working again.”
“No, actually – I was wondering, could we let bygones be bygones? I have a photograph, my nephew – you know, he’s omega. And he just thinks you’re the bees knees.”
The room had been silent other than the sound of water running past Tony’s legs. “You been here long?” Steve asked.
Tony remembers it. All that hope. Steve, with his gentle smiles and warm hands. He tips back his head, closes his eyes, luxuriates in the memory.
“Easy there.” Steve catches him, slowly pulls him back to the middle. “It’s alright, I’m sorry. Just – do what makes you comfortable. Alright, okay, see? That’s it. Head down if it helps, Tony.”
Steve comes. Just like that, inside him. He screams it, back bowed, knees bent, wrenched from his mouth. Tony doesn’t let up. Calmly, he just keeps fucking him slowly through it until Steve’s eyes are open and wet and his mouth is a lax ‘O’, lips swollen, cheeks flushed.
“You are a different breed,” Tony agrees, “which is good. It means, you won’t be mad when I fuck Killian.”
Tony reaches over and snatches the album away, tucks it under his arm. “You have ten minutes to explain why you’re here.”
He signs the paper proffered, waved under his nose, and listens carefully to the doctor’s stipulations. He can’t be left alone, he says, mildly apologetic, as if this is a great burden for Steve to bear. You can’t let him near anything sharp, really you need to lock kitchen drawers and so on. No razors. If it’s possible, don’t let him near any baths. Anything he could hang a rope from. Windows, obviously, those are a problem. The doctor appears contrite and keeps smiling, like he and Steve are sharing a private joke, like Tony’s misfortune is an old shared story between the two of them, like it’s a particularly well known anecdote, and repeating it is bringing back fond memories.
His hand snakes up Tony’s back, fists in his hair, pulls back his head. His free fingers are loosening the catch on Tony’s pants. “Do you know what I did to him?”
Tony relaxes into his hands. It feels too good, to have his nipples stroked. He tests the ties around his wrists – still strong. He tips back his head and sighs.
“Hi,” Tony whispers. He stares forward, out over the savannah. The line of his back is – bent, bowed, like he can’t hold up his neck. He seems older, far far older, than Steve ever remembers, but then maybe he’s aged in the years since they fought. White hairs have peppered him temples, laughter lines on his face.
“Everything’s gone,” he hears Tony mumble to himself. “Everyone went but I’m still here. I told you. I told you. I told you so.”
“A three-month probationary period,” the doctor continues, suitably chagrined. “After that there’ll be an official assessment as to his readiness to be back in the field. I mean – if that’s in the cards for you,” he says, questioning.
“I can’t – you don’t understand,” Tony mutters. “I can’t work – out there. People would – I can’t have that life. I want it, God, do I want it. But it won’t happen for me now, not after everything I’ve done.”
Steve makes his way back onto the couch, keeping himself in contact with Tony at all times. He sits down, spread his legs, and gently tugs Tony forward. "Open your mouth." He says, softly.
"Not -- that's not what I meant. Just that -- the nightmares are getting worse. I think, Tony, I think I have more to lose, now, that's why. And I can't shake it. Can't shake the idea that -- that one day, maybe, it would be you, falling, or you being, being hurt, or torn, I -- "
So Steve takes the release papers coldly, only nods. “Right,” he says “I know. That’s obvious. Anything else?”
Maybe Nick has Tony’s back more than Tony realised in the first place. Or, he’s being a manipulative bastard. He
“I’m not judgemental,” Steve says shortly. He straightens, swings his bag over his shoulder, turns to the locker. “Other people are.”
out of interest, how many people would be interested if I started a patreon? Obviously u don't have to be, it just might be a cool place for me to post more snippets like this one and chapter previews, plus maybe all the unfinished stuff that's mostly plotted and has full scenes that I'll never finish? and I guess there's also the chapters for the stuff I have on the backburner like sharp teeth, bicameral minds, etc. where some people might be interested in snippets while waiting for actual chapters? plus all the porn that's just.... too dirty to even post here, i guess. i don't really know how it works, but i guess you can sort of set your own price? it wouldn't be high. i'm just trying to gauge if there's interest or not, you know?
“Happy?” Tony croaks, shutting his eyes as Steve pulls out, softened. His ass feels loose, wet, sloppy. He makes an effort to clench, hold in Steve’s spend as best he can – he can’t stop thinking about the damn cleaning crew who are going to have to clean up their fluids.
"I looked, uh." Steve scratches the back of his head "I looked into, into counselling, the other day."
“There wouldn’t be rules. You’d just know. At first, it might be harder for you – maybe, you’re so used to just doing what you want, touching who you like, you’re not used to being owned.” Steve slides a hand up Tony’s chest; he cups his throat. With his thumb, he strokes the skin behind Tony’s left ear, probably enjoys his shiver, the way his mouth opens, just slightly, helpless to it. “Maybe at first, I need to be stricter. I have to tan your ass a few times, because you’re being more than bratty, or because you try sneaking off with some young stud who thinks he can take you away. But I always think, secretly, you do it because you like it. Being put on my lap, I mean. Having me show you your place.”
“Rogers, we’ve discussed manhandling,” Tony mutters, rubbing his arm. “I don’t know. No reason,” he says, brushing down his clothes.
The man frowns. And then: “Oh. Oh, you mean – party, I think. It was a long time ago, Captain, I could hardly say – he was young, so was I.”
On the screen projecting the funeral to the crowds they show Thor taking an empty seat — left empty out of respect for him, as an Avenger — settling down, and respectfully turning his head to the platform. It takes the congregation a moment to recover. Then Potts is at the podium.
Tony tries to smack him away out of sheer panic; he must stink of it, distress and fear and pain. He thinks he might choke on vomit, heart jack-hammering uncomfortably against the casing. “Let me explain,” Killian says, drawing out a – syringe, from his jacket. “This is going to do one of two things: it’s going to react with your DNA, unsustainably. Cause rapid decay, perhaps some unpredictable mutations. You will die, painfully, but not before it explodes, killing you and everyone in this building that isn’t immune, understand?”
Pierce hides a smile. “Be that as it may,” he says, “the fact that your Captain made the call so smoothly doesn’t bode well for his decision-making capabilities. I hear there was another incident some months back, at some party. He put a man on his knees?”
Tony falls on his task with vigour. He bobs his head, taking Steve's fingers as best he can without the flexibility of his lips to ease the way. He looks up, as if to check that Steve approves, and Steve smiles, nodding. Tony can be that way, sometimes, slightly needier than any other sub he's ever had, but it's not so bad. As long as he knows he's doing well, he's so much more eager to please.
Tony thinks, ugly. He hates every alpha that ever lived, hates his fucking place, hates his dependence.
“I can’t – shut up,” he manages, clawing his way to lucidity. “I can’t stop thinking these things, I can’t – I make myself panic, I work myself up, but – I don’t know, there’s no one I can trust, there’s no one – “
Richards balks, gurgles with fear, trying to push him away. “You can’t – this is barbaric, this is inhumane – “
"You're welcome, Tony." Steve says, half soft, half smug. He's only human; the idea of reducing his sub to this through careful touches and chosen words affects him as it would any other dom. "Are you ready to come?"
Steve is shaking his head. “No,” he says. “You do it properly. Have you all forgotten your manners? Down on your knees.”
“Then what is it?!” Tony asks, shaking him. “What could I do to get you back? We were,” he tries to huff a laugh, a smile “we were so happy, weren’t we?” And he cups Steve’s cheek. “We were so happy. We can still be happy, I know it.”
“What,” Steve scoffs, “you want to hear how I ripped a man’s throat with my bare hands? That I crushed ribs, that I – I bit muscle with my teeth? You don’t know the half of it, Tony, you think – you only know an omega’s violence, what you see behind your suit. You don’t feel blood on your skin, thumping under your hands, you don’t – you don’t – “
And Tony does sleep. He sleeps all day, and all night, and in the morning he doesn’t get out of bed at all.
There’s a helmet. Steve can recognise the make – it’s more recent then the other Marks, nano-tech that’s been carved off from the rest, plating moulded and melted the same way Tony’s face had been, after. Steve picks at it, delicately; he would have put it here, after he returned. So after their fight, after they killed Thanos for the first time.
The man’s eyes bulge in his head. “No,” he says, and then seems to kick himself. “I mean – we might have fooled about a bit, it’s not – it was nothing.” Steve’s used to it; they’ve all heard the rumours, all know about Stone.
He feels himself slide his hand across the table. “I’m… glad you’re here, you know. For what it’s worth. I’m glad you came.”
Rumlow’s voice is tight. “Obviously,” he says, with just a hint of mockery. “I forget that SHIELD’s a small world. You would know though, right? Your dad started the damn thing.”
One morning, he wakes up and finds the whole compound covered in snow. For the first time in a long time, without realising it, he is eager to wake up. He wraps up warm, doesn’t bother with a leash, and sets Mosely wild on the snow. He rolls and jumps and sinks in a few places, but for the most part Tony can see that he fucking loves it, and that makes Tony smile too.
He shuffles slightly, moves his hands from Tony’s shoulders to bracket his head. He mumbles something, Tony only catches the tail end. “… in my bed?”
“Was he… right,” Steve asks carefully. “To show me your file, and your history. I mean – what I’m trying to say, I guess,” his eyes are shifty, looking carefully at the fibre of the couch cushions, “is that maybe there are things in there that, uh – elucidate? Or explain? Or maybe even – give me reason to think – “
It's difficult, smuggling a body out of the country, especially one as solid as Gus'. Tony doesn't know how it happens, but vampire bodies don't appear to decompose the same as humans. When Steve shows him where they were keeping it, Gus hasn't changed a bit. Hasn't aged a day. Is petrified, like marble, body turned to stone.
"I'm thinking we should make it a weekly thing," Steve says, turning off the tap. "Every Friday night, I take you under. I mean, I don't know, what did the doctor recommend?"
Steve is angry. Or at the very least, frustrated. And for the first time in a long time, it’s at him. “Tell me that when we’re at home, and tell me that when it’s work, tell me that – any other time, Tony, than when you’ve invited me,
“Tired,” Tony mutters, and he burrows back down under the covers anyway. Steve wonders if Tony is maybe sleeping to avoid eating.
He bites his lip. Tony can feel him start to tense, doesn’t stop taking him in his mouth, pushing his tongue along the underside of his shaft. “That’s it,” he saying, voice hard, fingers wrapping in Tony’s hair, finally. “That’s it, fucking hell. Yes, come on now. C’mon,”
Steve sighs, and it’s tight. “You don’t understand,” he mutters. “You can’t help me, because there are things I can’t tell you.”
“Don’t,” Steve croaks, turning. “Don’t, don’t leave. Don’t leave, Tony,” he pleads, backing himself against the entrance, blocking his exit. “They’re out there, they’ll
Steve half-laughs. He lets Tony rest his chin on his shoulder, draw a figure of eight on his knee. “I have another question, actually.”
“I won’t. I’m not going to ask you anything. This is the last time I mention it. But Tony – fucking hell, don’t think I care about how this looks, or how people would – I don’t give a shit, you understand, Stark? I look out for my own. I look out for my fucking
Tony doesn’t know why he asked. He’s never wanted to show anyone the scars before. In fact he does everything he can to pretend they don’t exist, that they never happened. Rhodes looks at him, then nods, furtive.
“Fury sent it through, after. I didn’t even think why, but maybe he was trying to – I don’t know, it just landed on my desk. But why would he do that if he didn’t want me to read it?”
“Where else could I go?” Tony mutters, bitter. “I don’t have anywhere else, I don’t have anything else. You told me — you told me that we would leave here,” Tony says plaintively. “You promised me we could move to the mansion, just you and me. I thought — stupid, fucking stupid of me to believe it.” Tony laughs, then. Laughs and stands and smashes his glass against the table.
“Even if I hadn’t loved, you would be the reason. You ran off with my team and left me with nothing other than my brain dead best friend. You didn’t speak out at my trial. I had no one to back up my defence that Wanda catalysed me building Ultron. I lost everything, my money, my job, my friends. I mean, I could have tried to cooperate with you I guess,” Tony reasons “but why? The rest of the world agreed with me, America agreed with me, not you. And I thought — I don’t know, hey, maybe I’m the innocent one, right? I just thought that you would support me. I just — stupid, stupid Tony, I just relied on you, like an idiot.”
“They took my wife away. She was insane, obviously. But she would never hurt a fly. The voices never told her to hurt anyone. Mostly they just whispered while she worked. But — ”
“Fine,” Tony says, making sure his voice is sweet and soft in the way Steve will say he doesn’t like, but will love when he thinks it’s been offered up genuinely. “C’mon. Don’t steal all of my side of the blanket.”
Instead, he smirks. “I’m sorry,” he says, “there’s been some confusion. I’m not here… alone.” His eyes drift past the bar to the lowered lounge, where Steve is sitting, legs crossed, sketching idly against a backdrop of night and lights.
Bruce shakes his head. “No. No, I — I come by regularly. Every few nights. I just, I know it’s crazy, but it’s like I can still talk to him if I — “
He loses the thought. Talking, murmurs, he can't catch words, not quite, but they sound soft. Everything is soft. The light, Steve's hand as it brushes against his temple. The pillow is scratchy against his cheek, but it doesn't irritate. It's a point of contact, something rough amongst the hazy softness and --
“Oh, you like that?” Steve smirks. He’s bracing his hands against the railing, as if to support his weight. The tip of his boot, well-polished, rubs so gently against his balls, rolling his sack against the leather. “Poor bitch,” he says, voice saccharine sweet and mocking in a way Steve would never be outside
Tony wants to tell him to keep his worry. He shrugs a shoulder, folds his legs to his chest, seated on the bed with his back to the wall. Nick’s on the cot, tonight.
You’re not really supposed to use that word these days, but Tony doesn’t mind. He knows Steve means it in a good way, mostly. He fucks his mouth up and down Steve’s length, taking him whole, feeling him twitch inside him throat. It’s sloppy. There’s drool on Tony’s chin.
Tony pulls back, to get a better look at Steve’s face. He frowns at him, searching; he traces his eye with his thumb, the cuts on nose. Steve suffers his ministrations, only flinching slightly, letting him check him over. He keeps his arm wrapped around his waist, comfortable, while he does his work. “Yeah,” he says, quietly. “I know. Not so pretty, huh? But it’ll heal.”
He turns. Squints, as if flashing the words over in his head, running the equations. And then: “Okay,” he says, abruptly. “Over dinner. Sure.”
“If I wasn’t chipper, I’d cry,” Tony grins, fishing out a pack of cigarettes. “Want one?” He offers, holding it under Rogers’ nose.
“Well, then I’ll make sure, okay?” Steve kisses him, just gently; Tony sighs happily, lifts his chin.
Two steady, sure blinks. Steve smiles. "Good boy." He says, wiping an errant string of drool from Tony's chin. "Such a good boy."
It had come to a head after Ultron, their relationship. Steve hadn’t stayed for breakfast. He knew this would hurt Tony’s feelings. He knew it was childish to go for a run without dropping Tony a line. But he felt suffocated, choked, and so he had run anyway. The good days were over.
He’s crying again, brushing his eyes. “It’s fine,” he says tightly, voice wheezy, “I’m fine. I just – I gotta see my aunt, you know? Maybe I just need a break, I – “
And so. Tony Stark, alone. Potts gone, Rhodes…unwell. His fortune dwindled, his friends gone. His company, his legacy, everything he had worked for, diminished, crumbled and scattered. It was, in retrospect, easy to see why Tony reduced his life to a simple question of life and death. It must have been very satisfying to draw three lines in his wrists and call it quits.
“I’m not talking about it,” Tony says, bluntly. He’s not fucking joking. “I appreciate what he was trying to do, but I don’t need to be told that – do you know how frustrating it is to be told your choices aren’t your choices and every action is the result of some kind of deep-seated trauma? Like, yeah, no shit,
“You don’t need to be sorry,” Steve says against his skin. “I’ll stop talking about it, all of it. We don’t need to define what we are if you don’t want to.”
“He hasn’t got so much time for you, huh,” Rumlow says at his back, watching Steve disappear down the hallway.
“My team,” Rocket croons, before collapsing like a dying star. “That’s not – all of them? Quill? And Drax – “
He’s lying, the first voice hisses, you heard them talk, you know they hate you. They mock you, they’re whispering about you behind your back, you’re their burden, their penance, make their lives easier, make your life easier, end it, end it, end it, kill yourself, do it now –
There’s a lamp casting the dim light across the room. Tony’s bed is pushed up against a concrete wall. When he blearily rolls his head on the pillow, smacking his lips, he sees someone has left him a glass of water and some apple slices. Thoughtful.
"Well at least someone does." Tony says, sighing as Steve runs the water through his hair. "That feels so good."
“Sorry, apologies,” Tony pinches the bridge of his nose, “are they red white and blue with an eagle on the ass?”
But as his pulse starts to slow, he becomes embarrassed at his outburst. He wishes he could take it back.
“I’ll lend you some cash,” Tony says dully, because he’s rich again now. He can do things like that.
"I am concussed." He replies, slowly. His thoughts move leadenly, like running through hot toffee. Hot, syrupy toffee. Syrup, then. Golden syrup. He's like golden syrup. Fuck, no, that's not right. What's like golden syrup? He can't remember.
Tony, unbidden, remembers. Maybe it’s the pheromones, his exhaustion, but – the thought of that rough concrete, Steve’s fingers in his hair. “I hope he’s okay,” he murmurs. When he shuts his eyes, colours bloom behind them.
For one terrifying moment, Steve had thought Tony wasn’t going to respond. But then he had lowered his head, and fought back tears, and said, “I love you, I love you. I love you too much, Steve.”
“Yeah well common sense won out. He couldn’t be seen to be letting Wakanda be the earth’s first line of defence.”
“I’m not sure he got what he wanted.” Tony isn’t in the mood to talk. He crosses his arms, stares at the window.
“What am I supposed to do when I meet someone so good, who for some – inexplicable reason, wants me? At first – at first, I used you, Steve. You know that, don’t you? I thought, I could twist you, I could manipulate you. Always, with the blowjobs, and the gags, and your awful nightmares. I liked you, I liked your protection more. They don’t touch me when I’m with you, no one dares.”
Tony doesn’t know a Gustav, the Captain could be anyone. He wonders why Pepper mentions them, why they’re important, and he can’t really talk so he just lets it slide.
“I get that,” Steve says, understanding, voice soft. “If you wanted… I can just make you something here. We don’t need anyone else, if you don’t want that.”
"We had a platonic relationship. I would... I'd take him down, if he needed it. When subs get called for duty, it's, you know, it's difficult. Back then he took more care of me than -- " Steve swallows, fingers playing with the blankets. "Yeah."
“That’s it!” Tony spits, turning to Steve, “That’s it! You won’t say anything to that? You don’t care? He can say that to me, and you don’t care?”
Tony lets his lips twitch upwards. “Ty, honey, I have more power in my pinky finger than you’ve ever had your whole life. Does it feel good? Hitching yourself to a bitch like me?”
He tries to smooth down his hair (he needs a shower, but they won’t let him go alone, and Tony doesn’t want to put Steve in the position where he’s forced to watch) and rubs at his face to bring colour to his cheek. It doesn’t help that the only clothes they seem to give him are simple cotton numbers, big sweaters and slacks, the odd button-down. Natasha keeps saying that she will take him shopping, but such a day has failed to materialise and besides, he would be too scared to leave the compound looking like this anyway.
“He was hurt, fell in the Potomac. He’s been in hospital, Agent 13’s kept me posted. He’ll be discharged in a few, and I imagine you’ll want to be leaving here. Once you’re more…”
“That sounds a like deal,” Steve says, warmly. “I was wondering – you said Stone had footage, that it was incriminating.”
Why? Does Bucky know? Is Bucky on – their side? Does he realise who he is, and where he is? Or is this a trick. Is Tony mistaken. It’s possible that the knife has just fallen, delicately balanced on the seat of Tony’s chair, and if he moves an inch it’ll hit the floor and they’ll find it and his chance will be gone.
Sarah mellows. “Sure,” she says “one day. I had my hands full, the first ten years. Had to start again over here. It’s difficult.”
Pepper stares. “Right,” she says “I know. I’ll keep it — I’ll keep it secret. Although — HYDRA? Where?”
Tony eases himself back down against the pillows. “I’m not some virgin O, Steve, I’m Iron Man. I’ve killed people, often, and I don’t lose much sleep over it. I’m not sure what secrets you carry that are too much for me to handle.”
Neck in a brace, he can’t move. He can only desperately strain his eyes, left, right, brow beading with sweat. There are no friendly faces. The ground beneath him is moving too fast.
Ah, crap. What was this guy’s name again? Tony’s an expert at mnemonics, it’s practically all they taught him at school; the alpha has a beard, a beard is an omega or woman that alpha and beta men use to cover, Bruce is a beta with an alpha fetish, Bruce is Hulk, the Hulk turns green, and so –
“Oh, and I’ll bet your sorry,” Tony sneers. “I can see it now, hell, I’ve hallucinated it enough. You’ll get that – that fucking look you get, the little crease between your eyebrows? Yeah, it’s cute. Not that you’re – I meant that in a patronising way. I don’t think you’re cute.”
“You’re a – you’re a monster,” he’s chattering as he tries to pick himself up, unsteady on his feet, skittering away. “A monster,” he’s sobbing, as he starts to run, half limping.
Steve kisses her hand. “I’ll do right by him,” he promises, “we’ll have the world together, for as long as I can have him.”
When he’s not working, sleeping, or eating, Rogers seems to spend his time at a day club, where he talks to veterans. He helps out, apparently. Talks about the good old days. He’s made some friends there; centennial, close-to-death, friends.
A finger, it trails down from his nape to his tail bone, over and over. Gus, something tells him, because this is what Gus would, to soothe him when he was hurt, like back in that bunker deep under the earth. The low, orange lights, the weightlessness of medication and the press of Steve’s warmth to tell him he was safe.
“Yeah, maybe,” Pierce agrees. “But like I said, let me paint you a picture. Now that Fury’s dead, you’re probably going to find yourself in need of new employment.”
him respond. “That’s like – I don’t know. I think it just takes whatever scent I want to… that makes me feel safe,” he finishes, slowly.
he thinks, feeling choked. God. Steve, please. I want us to be okay. I’m going to do everything I can to make us okay again.
Tony’s head is spinning. He doesn’t want Pierce to leave him. He wants to bury his head into his neck.
"Captain," the Doctor says sharply "leave the suit. His neck might be damaged, you can't -- Captain!"
Had it only been two weeks? It seems longer, maybe, because Tony had been sure of his love for a long time before. Those six months he spent running. Why? Why didn’t he spend them with Steve while he still had the chance?
And Steve's hand is on his leg. The couch -- couch? -- shifts, and Tony is boneless as Steve carefully lifts his head, lays it down against his lap. Another pillow, some more blankets. Tony is warm and --
“You like working from home,” Steve says with a huff. “So would I if I lived in a house like yours.”
Steve’s finger draws a figure of eight against his collarbone. “You didn’t have to go along with it,” he murmurs. “You could have pulled me back down to earth. Or laughed.”
“Yeah,” Steve sighs, “that figures.” His gaze flicks back up to Tony, then down to his collarbone. He pinches the collar of his shirt and peels it back slightly to look at the skin beneath. “I know we said you could keep the clothes,” he says innocently, “but we didn’t discuss having a look.”
Steve’s arms are wrapping around him, less constricting, just – holding him. And he’s crying. Tony will deny it, tomorrow, or later on tonight, or whenever he has to confront it. He’ll never tell Steve what he saw. For now, he just strokes his hair, and lets him cry. “You’ll go home,” he whispers, eyes shut, rocking him slightly the way you would a child, “I promise, Steve, you’ll go home.”
Tony raises his eyebrows. The alpha at least has the sense to look shocked. “Captain,” he laughs uneasily, “come on, now, I thought we were speaking in confidence.”
really want to know what u think about steve in this chapter. i feel like tony was abit of an ass -- i would have probably walked out, too.
No. No good dwelling on that. Too many other people have, too many other have brought Tony down and made him act without any thought to his well-being. Not Steve. Tony tells Steve he wants to go down, Steve does everything he can to bliss him out. Tony says he wants to try a spider gag, Steve buys him a spider gag. He does this for him. He does it for Tony.
“Don’t be silly, Steve. You're our guest." Her smile is so kind. What did Steve do to deserve that smile?
He spreads his fingers in Tony’s mouth, coaxes him to whimper with a strong, long stroke across his sensitive gland. “I’d never make you scared,” he says, softly. “I’d never make you do something you didn’t want. You’d want to do it, though. You’d want them to all know. Maybe, I have to punish you one day.” Steve clucks his tongue. “Maybe, you’ve been bratty, you’ve pushed it too far with some brass. And then, I guess I just have to put you on my lap, make sure they know who owns you. I’m stroking your sweet little neck, and you can’t even control how hot you’re getting, and that’s what happens when you step out of line. They’ll know, I have a hold of you. And they will never cross you, not so long as you have me.”
that anymore, that’s not me. I can’t talk to people like that. Don’t make me,” Tony croaks. “Please, Rhodey — “
“Good,” Steve agrees, and he rubs a hand across his eye. “Asshole,” he mutters, head bowed, shoving his hands in his pockets, shoulders hunched.
“That’s it,” Pierce soothes. “Steady now, that’s it. Not so bad, huh? No, here – it’s fine. It’s not rude, you can scent me, if you want.”
“Maybe. I spoke to doctors,” he says casually, “they think it might have something to do with your scent, even if it’s just a small factor. Maybe, you smell like Howard. That reminds his hind-brain of home, in some tenuous way.”
"I -- ah, Jesus Steve," Tony groans, "I fucking loved you, you know? And you had to go and -- you had to go and screw the pooch. You screwed it, Stevie, I love you, but -- "
Tony groans at the words, eyes closing and knees shifting on the carpet. The setting sun turns his skin dusky; his cheekbones have a high point of red, flushed. Steve leans forward on the couch, bends so he can run his hand between Tony's thighs, test the tightness of the spreader bar holding them open.
Still, Steve thinks he had held hopes. Secretly, in his heart. Which is why it’s Tony who approaches him on Christmas Eve.
“I was thinking,” Steve says “maybe we could go for a walk today. Out to the lake. The forest is so beautiful this time of year, you wouldn’t want to miss it.”
Thor shrugs. “You would be better asking Loki, he always paid more attention to philosophy. Natasha took me to a church once, I’ve been told about the Christian notion of heaven and hell. I suppose every culture, universally, has a different name for where their good people go.”
Steve sighs. “I guess. He’s – it’s good to be around alphas sometimes, you know? I know he’s aggressive. He’s good at his job. From what I’ve seen, that’s all that counts.”
Tony is looking at Steve with a look akin to exasperation and longing. “Yeah,” he says “Christmas. The 25th.”
She balances on her toes, arms wrapped around the bannister. “I’m doing okay,” she says, “I’m kinda hungry, though.”
Now, he’s shaving his beard. He’d grown it because it had been daringly nouveau, striking, conformingly anti-conformist back in the 90s when liberation was supposedly at its peak. All the omegas had been growing beards. It was like burning your bra. Except then, it became expected, and Tony had started to trim it every day, perfectly, and had bought all the serums and creams to keep it neat, and had dyed it religiously, and it had become
It takes three of them to force him up to his feet, unsteady. Like a baby doe, one of them says.  They peel his panties back from his ass and someone laughs in his face when they stuff the ice in there, cold and flinching. He jerks, scrabbles his feet against their grip. “You debauched little fuck,” the ice-man grins, taking his reparation as a bruising kiss and freezing, wet panties.
They sit in quiet. Sarah takes a forkful of his cake and chews thoughtfully. “I have Mosely,” she says eventually, casual.
“Good boy,” Steve says, almost – fondly? Tony can’t tell. “You should clean up this mess, first. Wouldn’t want some tech finding it, would we?”
started uni a few weeks ago, having an awful time, don't know when the next upload will b, hope u enjoy and comments are gr8
“You sound like my dad,” Tony laughs, but Steve doesn’t smile. His coat is extra warm, extra thick, and extra big. It dwarfs him.
“Leave me alone, Rogers.” He realises he had nail marks crescent-ed around his mouth and cheeks. He rests his chin on his hand to hide them, hope Steve hasn’t noticed.
He must pass out, because when he’s coming to, it’s like being pushed into freezing water. Everything comes back too hard, and too sudden. She’s painting his lips. The crush of her body against his. The smell of them all. Tony frowns, feels panic stirring. “Please,” he mumbles against the tube of lipstick, smearing, “don’t tell my dad.”
"So it was mutually beneficial. For both of us. Uh. I don't know, I asked about it, but it doesn't sound like it's prescribed often nowadays. I don't know what's changed but -- is it not normal there to just take part in day to day submissive activities?"
The man wobbles to his feet, is dragged into the crowd by the group he arrived with. “I hope he wasn’t someone important,” Tony says absently, taking Steve’s drink from his hand and downing it in one. “We could be making trouble for ourselves.”
“I know. But what’s the use in comparing you to everyone else, Tony, it’s not a level-playing field. There’s nothing compare against, not yet.” A pause. And then: “I would like to make it a level-playing field.”
Tony wishes he had clothes. He doesn’t feel like it’s a good time to ask. He sips, and then downs the rest of the drink; it’s good. It’s warm.
“Well, then I like it,” Steve tells him warmly. He finishes clearing the worst of it of off his skin, and then urges him to the bedroom, sits him on the bed. “Where do you keep the bandages?”
So when he next wakes, he takes it upon himself to laboriously sit up, inch himself to the edge of the bed, and find out if his feet still work.
You don’t understand, okay? Don’t tell me you do. You don’t know what it’s like, all I have to be, all I have to do, is be good at one thing. I just need to keep you safe. I need to, I
And I mean that. There are many ways you can turn now, Tony. When we die, what will you do? We haven't led you. The man you become will not be of Howard and I's doing. We can only influence you so far, and if I'm honest with myself, we have influenced you for the worse.
Tony recoils. Steve… isn’t joking. He means that. Tony holds up his hands. “Okay,” he says, “whatever you say, big guy.”
“I don’t know, Tony. Sometimes it felt good, to have you like that. It’s not fun if I know how other people have used them on you. It ruins the dynamic, makes it – I don’t like it, anymore.”
“It burns him from the inside out,” Ross interrupts. “You know this, I know it. I don’t have a horse in the race, except for the fact this happened under my watch. It probably won’t kill him,” he concedes, “no doubt, the serum’s trying to counteract it. But he’s in for a hellish few weeks.”
“Put some effort into it,” they say. They slap the back of the Soldier’s head, so their teeth knock together. He doesn’t taste bad. He tastes clean, at the very least. He feels familiar. He doesn’t bite or scrape. The kiss is soft.
A beat. “Are you going to come back inside?” And then, “I don’t want to leave you out here. It’s dark.”
“You do,” Steve says, simply. He’s gripping his neck so lightly. The table-top is cool beneath his cheek.
Gus exhales thinly, chest rising and falling, every breath a struggle. He tugs at the buttons on his shirt, pulls it apart, exposing his right breast.
Except, that night, he punches in the code one last time. 5232011. The day they found Steve in the ice.
"You need to get as much support from this relationship as I have, Steve. That's all I want. It's not one-sided. If you need me to do something for you, if you need to vent, I'm here. Hiding this from me is insulting. I'm not stupid. It makes me feel like you don't trust me, and there's more to a relationship than taking me down and making me breakfast in bed, understand?"
Instead, covers his eyes with his hands, drawing up his legs, elbows on knees. He hides, until he thinks it might be safe to come out.
Tony doesn’t know why he asks it. He doesn’t know why he answers, ‘no’, honestly, without fear. Steve accepts this, crawls forward so he’s lying next to Tony. Rolls onto his side. “Can I ask a question?” he says, blinking at him, slowly.
He stumbles back, slightly, lips quirking. “So you want to slum it,” he half-laughs. “You like it rough, Stark?”
“Did you ever meet Loki? Did you ever see him? He was a bit like you. Insane. Desperate. Old.” Tony laughs, and empty, cold thing, and lays his cheek onto the stone “he was far worse than you were, Diana. He had seen things that would make you scream. You really think you’re something special? That you’re scary, or better, then I have news for you. I’ve seen people from other planets. At the end of the day, you’re just one more person floating on a rock in space.”
Pierce’s legs are crossed. Paper in one hand, stirring coffee in the other. He’s still in his armchair, except
Tony pulls himself off the alpha’s dick, swings his legs over the side of the bed. “Is it – I mean, is he – “
Steve shuts his eyes, jaw so tense it could snap. “That is not even remotely similar, and you know it.”
We’re done, fine, finished, happy?” He stands, throws his jacket over his arm. “I’ll leave. Tonight. When you fuck him, don’t even think about coming back to our room, I don’t want to see you, and I don’t trust myself not to hurt him.”
Pierce’s wears the same aftershave as his dad. Tony wants to listen. One foot after another, he thinks, as he’s moved down hallways. “You don’t need to – I can just go to medical.”
Tony thinks. He takes Steve’s hand, turns it over so it’s palm-up, keeps drawing the figure of eight there. “Image is everything,” he says, frowning.
“I do.” He doesn’t, not really – he thinks Steve is mythologizing his breed too much. Still, he deserves validation. “I can’t imagine what it’s like, to feel as though – I’m responsible for a whole breed in that way. To have a biological push to just… be like that.”
They had fallen into bed together some time after Loki. It hadn’t been an official thing; Steve was still desperately repressing any side of him that held an attraction for other men and Tony wasn’t much better. They had been angry, fighting, shouting.
“I know,” he agrees. “I, uh. Well, you don’t like hearing it, but I guess I was with someone else before… you know, I don’t know why I’m telling you this. You have no idea what I’m talking about, do you?” He hears himself say kindly, brushing his hand against Steve’s hair, lank and dirty from the field. “I can’t believe they kept you here all this time and didn’t tell me, Steve.”
“True.” Tony coughs, pointedly. “Or we could order pizza. Pizza?” He points at Steve “Pizza?” He asks Bruce.
There are people talking over his head. He tried to drown himself, someone says, Steve we can’t be prepared for that.
The name sounds strange on his lips, like his mouth isn’t used to making the word, foreign to Tony’s ears. Not Stark, or omega, or bitch, or anything else. “Like what?” He asks, gently.
That still cuts, stupidly. Even after all this time. “If you like Steve so much, why don’t you fuck him?” Tony hisses, ashamed at the petulance in his voice.
He hears Steve move, something heavy and fast, and the immediate sound of a gun cocking. He thinks, it’s not aimed at Steve. He can feel the cold, cool steel pressed against the back of his neck.
“I’ll look,” Bruce says quietly, kneeling in the – leaves, and dirt. And dust. “Hey, Tony. How you doing?”
Rhodes snorts. “Yeah,” he says “stuff like that. If Thor’s humanoid, and there are other humans out there on different planets, it kinda spits on Darwin’s grave.”
Steve grunts, picks up Tony’s thighs to pin him against the window, suspended in his grasp; he digs his nails into the soft flesh there, seems to enjoy his gasp of pain when he follows up with another sharp nip at his sweet-spot. Tony can dig his heels into the small of Steve’s back; he can grip his hair, and pull, and savour Steve sounds of pain.
“Mr Cain. You don’t need to tell me my own history,” Tony says shortly. He carefully – carefully – schools his fingers not to twitch against the armrest. Any tell is an indication of submission, it always is with men like Fury.
Tony snatches it, downs it in one not breaking eye contact with Steve the whole time. He belches, shoves the glass at him warily. If Steve finds the dominance play strange, he doesn’t mention it.
First thing, they have to clear his name, which isn’t actually all that difficult once they get the full weight of SHIELD behind them.
"After -- after I got him back for the first time, the doctors recommended joint therapy. Subs, I don't know, it's easier to recover with the aid of a dom, right? You like to feel supported?"
Tony chews slowly, methodically, and Steve watches as he swallows every bite. He opens the bars, and Tony manages to eat all of one and half of the other, which he reckons is an achievement. Tony asks to go to the toilet, and Steve has to wait outside the door, holding it only slightly ajar to give him privacy. After that, Tony says he is tired again. He says he wants to sleep. Steve doles out his medication: one for pain, one for sleep, one for whatever mental condition it is the doctors think Tony has. He rests his head on the pillow, one hand curled by his head, and for the first time Steve catches a glance at the white bandage sticking out from under his coat.
The man is shaking his head, drying his eyes. “Wait,” he says, “no. No, no, you can’t – you won’t be able to stop him – “
It’s unsettling, deeply unsettling. He’s dozy, and blinking, and slightly turned on, but he doesn’t want to press the idea of
With his free hand, Steve cups Tony’s jaw, his open, lax mouth. Two fingers, fucking into him, against his tongue.
“No,” he groans, trying to twist away. His hands can move now, even though it’s slow, and uncoordinated. He pushes the woman on his chest, confused. He doesn’t know where he is, really. He doesn’t know why he’s here. Someone slaps his face. It hurts, and then they –
“Ah,” Pierce says over his head, discarding his phone to the side, brushing down his hands. “Rumlow. So glad you could make it.”
“Enough to fuck anything that moves? Jesus, Stark, he’s going to spread the word. They’ll all think you’re easy. Next thing you know, there’ll be rumours, people will look at you the wrong way – “
But he sees it out of the corner of his eye, and then he turns to look. It’s the big billboard that’s been up since Tony built the tower, the one with his smiling face and ‘Stark Industries: building the future for New York city’ written in bold font.
“I worried, at first, I thought – maybe you recognised me.” Pierce tsks. “Those brutes,” he says, “the things they did to you.”
“Sorry,” Pierce says, apologetic, calm and smooth. “I meant: has he said anything to you? About me?”
“I figured – that’s why it’s a suit, hmm? So you don’t even have to think about – getting your hands dirty.” Pierce’s laugh is a burbling, thick thing. “You built yourself a
When Tony called, he would let his phone ring out. He would ignore his texts, not even glance at his screen, just to pretend to himself he hadn’t seen them. When he heard Tony’s voice calling out, across the kitchen, from the study, he would wince, dread the moment he’d have to smile and ask Tony what was wrong, or make conversation.
Steve shifts him. He grunts, and lifts Tony’s hips, bends him over the railing so his chest is hanging over air, the only thing stopping gravity from doing it’s job is
“You hard yet?” They mock the Soldier. Time stretches, and they still kiss, until either is given permission to stop. Tony thinks: this man is not willing. He knows it, feels it in his bones. Pities him. At least Tony – he’s used to it, by now. He was born for it.
“Sure, maybe. It’s probably more complicated than that,” Tony says, without outright saying that it’s mostly breedist nonsense. “I mean, what about female alphas? They exist. So where would they fit?”
Carefully, tentatively, Tony raises one of his hands, makes it cup the back of Steve’s head. “I’m here for you, Steve Rogers,” he says as calmly as he can. He strokes Steve’s hair.
A string of drool has made its way past Tony’s chin, dripping onto his chest. Steve ignores it. Instead, he shifts his grip up so his hands are near Tony’s breast, lets his thumbs stretch out to circle his nipples. “Pretty,” he says, almost reluctantly, like giving him a compliment is a chore.
“You’re quite the perfectionist. I’ve never seen a thing you couldn’t master in a night, so long as you didn’t sleep.”
“Well, tell him I’m…” Tony is trying to flatten his hair. He catches his reflection in the window. He wants to tear out his eyes.
"Not an inapt reference, but if I remember correctly, the boy likes his pop culture references." Strange's smile is tight, weary. Steve realises, he isn't angry with him; the man bore a burden. It's not gift, to see the future.
“Tell me what I’m doing wrong,” Tony blurts, desperate. He spins, takes Steve’s arms. “What is it? Am I too old? Am I shit in bed? I know I’ve been tired a lot lately, but I’ve been working, and — yeah, I guess it’s not as fun as it used to be, but I could change that. We could take a break, right? Or, or do something different, I don’t know. You could — fuck other people,” Tony winces, like he doesn’t really believe what he’s saying. “I am trying, Steve, I’m trying really hard to understand what it is I need to do to make this work. But sometimes I see you look at me and — it’s with disgust. Do I disgust you?”
Steve’s hands on his wrists, pinning him to the carpet. “It’s alright,” he says “shh, it’s alright, Tony. It’s okay.”
The figure shoves his hands back into his pockets. Pulls his hood deeper on his head. And then he’s gone.
And when Steve had to hold him at night, when Tony would roll and give him a sleepy smile, it would hurt his chest, make him choke with guilt. He didn’t want this to end, but in his heart he knew the good days were over.
“But, that is your home. Look at him. I said, look at him,” Steve orders, and Richards does. “There. Wasn’t so hard, was it? Who else was there that night?”
WARNINGS FOR: Diana, seriously, she's creepy. Bear in mind that Natasha is viewing what she chooses to do as a means to an end, but still, warnings for dub-con. And torture. And this should be the worst of it really, since I have the rest plotted out!
He winces, because he knows how that sounds. Steve doesn’t look offended. “How is it different?” He asks, pillowing his head on his arm. Tony can never figure this out – does he genuinely want to know Tony’s opinion? Does he just like hearing him talk? Maybe it helps him sleep.
He doesn’t know how to say anything without fucking it up. “No,” he says levelly, and then skirts his eyes to the side. “I’m sorry. It’s just – I’m knotted.” In lieu of explanation; hormones do all kinds of weird things to the brain post-knot. Tony feels fucking euphoric. “I’m sorry, Steve, I’m not laughing at you. Please.”
He means the bruise, obviously. “Misjudged a projectile in training,” he lies, easily. “Why are you so interested in my lovers?”
Steve hangs there, like a bad smell, and tries to encourage him to leave. But Tony doesn’t even respond, doesn’t give any inclination that he’s heard at all, and instead just rolls, faces the wall, curves the blanket tighter over his shoulders.
They’re united, and focused on a common goal, a common enemy. Steve and Tony hold what can only be called a healthy relationship.
He shuts his eyes, tightens his shoulders. “It’s fine,” he says again, “you’re drugged, it’s fine, just – calm down, Steve. Darling. Sweetheart. Please.”
They had woken up next to each other. That was the first time Steve ever got to see Tony’s slightly sheepish, lazy morning smile. It wouldn’t be the last.
“You’re right, I don’t. But I want you to talk about it, instead of – I don’t know. Bottling it. You bottle things, did you know that? It’s good to talk, Steve.”
They cremate him. Gather his ashes. The village is removed, quaint. High in the mountains and as beautiful a place as you could find. If anyone notices two Avengers walking around, they don't mention it.
It’s never dark in New York. “I’m coming,” Tony lies, and shivers, wrapping his arms around himself. The thought of being touched repulses him.
"Good boy." Steve hums, working the rope over Tony's wrists until the pattern is solid, thick and sturdy. He tests the grip. "Too tight?"
He’s laughing at you, he’s laughing at you, they’re all laughing at you. Mocking you, laughing at you, teasing you, what are you going to do about it? What are you going to –
Still, losing the child has hurt him, or maybe just losing in general. Nebula thinks, this is a man who is not accustomed to losing. Loss, maybe. But he’s a man who likes to win.
to hear my – “ Steve laughs “ – ultimate sexual fantasy, because apparently just getting on their knees for me turns them on.”
“More like an experience,” Tony sneers. “Normally I go for people a touch more refined, but it might be fun to slum it just once.”
“’kay,” Tony mumbles, not really sure what Pierce means, but not… caring. Not knowing enough to care. He’s almost asleep, deep somewhere, anyway. He realises at some point that he’s naked, but he’s not cold, and so…
Tony can feel himself crying. His cheeks feel cold against the air. “I’m sorry,” he tells Steve, tipping his head against his palm. “I – I – “
Sarah walks on eggshells around him, for the next few days. She’s careful, as if saying the wrong thing will set him off. But those days stretch into weeks, and the weeks into months, and slowly she stops following him with her eyes, always. If Tony goes away, for a walk, into town, she no longer panics when he’s ten minutes late, or when he forgets to leave a note saying where he’s gone. They fall into routine. Natural, and safe.
I know it's an unconventional ending. The story evolved as I was writing it, and I knew I couldn't end it with Tony going back and being with Steve and living happily. But I wanted to give him a happy ending, because it's important that -- what Tony figures out -- not everyone is bad and humans can be good too. And yeah. So I gave him a happy ending, where he has a perfect life, and he's 100% perfectly content. Nice.
He slams it from her hand, smashes it onto the floor, and the red blood stains the perfect cream carpet.
“Uh huh,” Tony insists, clenching down, pushing back, working on getting Steve deeper, closer. “Want to see you.”
Tony obeys. He trembles there, waiting, while Steve takes him. What else could he ask him to do, he thinks absently as he peels the tangerine, what else could he order and have Tony do, unthinkingly?
Steve wants to scream. He wants to scream at the therapist, and then at Tony, for sitting there, for just taking it, and never saying a word. “How long has this been going on?” Steve manages, measuredly.
He chews his thumb. He’s twitching his leg, but he’s not aware of it until Steve asks him to stop. “Huh?”
“Nah,” Steve says, “I figure I’ll just finger fuck you till you come in your pants. Then you get to walk back to your floor just positively reeking of sex, huh Tony?” Steve’s voice is rough, and he’s half-smiling. Teasing.
Tony thinks. Concussion. Concussion. Con-cuss-ion. He must have hit his head. He reaches up, pats along his scalp. His hair feels dry and brittle and a few strands come out with his fingers. He stares at them in the palm of his hand. Con-cuss-ion. He blinks, looks at Natasha. Her hair doesn't look as dry as his. He tries to touch it, to see if bits come out too.
He tries to telegraph with his eyes. Steve ignores him, though. He shuffles Tony closer, one hand on his ass. “I don’t know what we’re doing,” he admits. “We shouldn’t be doing this, huh? It’s wrong.”
“Mmm hmm,” Tony smiles, lazily, eyes closed. “Like a bitch. But – better than that. I like it, it’s like listening to someone be… it makes you sound vulnerable.”
much taller than him, really; mostly it’s an illusion, because Tony is so much slimmer. A lot slimmer, actually. Easy to manhandle. Tony likes being manhandled – did he already mention that?
Tony doesn’t know what he expected. A post-coitus cuddle? An admission that Tony was the winner? Recriminations, or maybe even a loosening of Captain Tight-Ass’s ass? Even a smile and a thank you? A couple of hastily thrown fifties as payment for services rendered?
“Is Wanda a problem? I can move Wanda, Wanda can move. I’ll send her to New York, it’ll be nice for her to live in the city. She can go, you don’t have to share any space with her that you don’t want to,” Steve says immediately. “Tony I want you to get better.”
Tony moans against his palm, lathers it with his tongue. He wants to taste him so bad. He can’t describe it, how much he just wants to get down on his knees and put him on his tongue. He spreads his legs, rubs his hips back against the wall. He’s dangerously close to coming, but he doesn’t want it to stop. He wants – he wants Steve to put three fingers inside him, four, make him come and smear his face in it, hand in his hair, maybe tan his ass if he doesn’t do it right away. He wants – there’s so much he wants, and yet –
“Oh, God, alive,” Ross quickly reassures, apparently aware of Tony’s mild panic. “Nothing like that, no. He got himself into a – well, it’s hard to explain. We need your help.”
“Are you — telling me that?” Steve knows he sounds bereft. “Are you telling me that I’m the reason you — that you tried — “
He runs by everything that he has worth living for. Iron Man. Stark Industries. Pepper would be sad, if he died. So would his team. Rhodey would be furious. But they already think he’s dead, they can handle it. Anyone could wear the suit, Rhodey, he deserves it. Pepper can continue the legacy, SI will ship out reactors, in fifty years they could have the whole planet running on sustainable energy.
He feels firm hands tugging him in, pulling him onto the smooth metal of the quinjet floor, feels water tipped into his mouth and a hand in his hair. “It’s good to see you, Cap,” Bruce grins, and he sets him in one of the chairs. “Here,” he says, handing him a protein bar “eat this to tide you over.”
"Tony," Steve says, voice too loud in his ears "Tony, relax. We're just scanning you, okay? Do you understand?"
“Am I really,” Pierce muses. “So, let’s play this game – I give you three statements, which one’s a lie? Fury isn’t a dead, he’s a been an alien decoy since the 90s. Or maybe, this soldier isn’t a soldier at all, it’s Bucky Barnes, your old friend. Or, actually, Stark is carrying, and the baby is mine. Which is it, Rogers? Because one of them’s true.”
Tony says nothing. Pierce squeezes his arm. “It’s okay,” he murmurs, “there’s no reason for you to feel comfortable doing this, Tony. I told you,” he turns to Ross, “you fucking imbecile, he’s not a puppet, you can’t just pull his strings and expect him to do whatever fucked up, absurdist scheme you’ve cooked up in that office you call a headquarter.”
“Loki was a monster, I don’t doubt it. But that didn’t stop me from wanting to tear the earth apart to save him from himself. The difference being,” Thor says, with a hint of reproach “I didn’t. I couldn’t let myself. Because I had others to think of. Other duties.”
He doesn’t leave much choice in the matter; he just grabs Tony’s arm and drags him, rather reluctantly, across the floor. “Steve,” he hisses behind a smile, patting his hand, “people can see,” he reminds sweetly, nodding at a cluster of guests.
“Fine.” Natasha says, easily. “Clint’s tasty and Tony was working on UV-resistant armour before — ” she pauses. “I mean, he had this ingenious design. Like a hologram, you know the ones we use for undercover ops? Except it’s made of this light polyfiber, fits all around the body. Blocks me from the sun. Which is good, because I need it for work, and with these reflexes — ”
Steve is awoken by a bright, bright light. It’s not natural, it’s white, and it’s shining down the hole.
Natasha is the one who pours the blood into his mouth. Gus grips weakly at her wrist as she gently lays him down, careful not to spill a drop. Steve is thankful for it, that she has little fear, and that she can so easily pour Gus’ food down his throat.
“Let go, Steve,” Bruce says gently. Steve blinks. People are watching him again, and Gus is shivering.
Tony needs to keep hope. Because he knows, he must know, that Steve is coming for him. Surely he knows that Steve would never leave him?
“You need to step away now, Captain,” someone says, “I’m sorry, you’re just too big to fit, and we need to treat the burns.”
“He asked for you,” Ross tells him, directly. “He’s asked for you. Mr Secretary told me, he calls your name. Secretary Pierce isn’t telling you the whole truth, Stark.”
He can feel Ty’s eyes on his back as he walks away. It sets him on edge, more on edge than he should be. He needs to protect his back, he thinks. The urge to look over his shoulder is overwhelming, but he resists, if only out of spite.
His hands are still shaking. “I never thought – “ he starts, and then stops himself. What is he doing? Why is he here? “I should go,” he says, shutting his eyes. “I shouldn’t – impose like this – “
“… three months,” Mr Green is still talking. “I’d like to give you a firm hand, From Stark. I can be very generous, too. Of course, you’d need to be attending the various events I have – as part of the charity, you know – but I’m sure that’s nothing for a thing like you.”
He wants his mouth to make those words, and for them to come out strongly, steadily, like he doesn’t care, like the whole thing is ludicrous. He can see it so clearly in his mind, exactly how he
The man’s eyes shift to Tony. He’s alpha; he won’t want to give in, not even to someone like Steve. There’s probably a little war going inside between his hind-brain and his reason, and one of them has got to win out. “It was just a joke,” he says again, like that means something. “I’m not – I can’t.”
“Sir,” one of the men in black says, pressing a finger to his ear. “There’s reports of rioting downtown. We need to get you somewhere safe.”
Tony shuts his eyes. “Uh,” he manages, mind blank. “I was real – it hurt, this morning. I got confused, I got the days mixed up. That’s why I took too many.”
“Never stopped you before, has it?” Steve is saying, bracketing Tony’s body with one arm up against the bar, pulling down Tony’s sweats with the other. “Besides, they can’t see nothing, not with me standing here.”
“It does seem that way,” Pierce comments, like it’s a curiosity. He seems to relent, sighing. “Soldier,” he orders, waving his hand.
“Jesus,” Steve sighs, letting his head rest on the back of the tub. “Have I fallen into some kind of parallel universe? I’m sitting in a bath, I’ve got $300 worth of lobster in my belly, and I have a sweet bitch practically
“I should have known,” he says, bluntly. “The second that sample landed on my desk. I should have figured what it would be used for. I should have – pushed harder. To figure it out, I mean. But then, SHIELD’s been SHIELD since I joined. Like bedrock. I couldn’t have figured…”
“Yeah. Steve, you made the right call. And I know it was bloody, and awful, but every man that was there was there by choice, knew the risks, and you had to choose between an awful death for the vulnerable or an awful death for the people that were going to hurt them. And you made the right call. You always do, Steve. That’s why you’re alpha. It’s why I trust you.”
"What can I say," Tony says "I'm a strong independent sub who likes to be waited on hand and foot. You should have guessed what you were getting into."
Tony thinks, kicking off his shoes and shedding clothes across the floor. He always wanted him to get hitched to someone powerful, always moved the goalposts, grabby, ambitious man that he was.
Steve screams. And then screams again. He pounds his fists into the wall, over and over, and Tony carefully tries to crawl along the wall, smearing blood, shaking. If he could get to the door – they’ll let him out, they have to let him out –
"To have you. I -- I don't know. People prefer me when I'm under, usually. I mean, obviously, there was the whole Baine thing. That sucked. But when I'm not down -- "
Tony hastily throws on his jacket. “I’ll leave first,” he says, “you follow after, two minutes behind, agreed?”
Lips swollen, red raw, chin slick, pupils blown. He’s back under. Pushing Tony off his chest, rough, letting him slap against the cold floor. He grunts, pulling apart his legs, holding him down with one hand pushed haphazardly against the side of his face, squishing his cheeks. And just fucks into him like that, grunting.
But in the dark, all he can do is stare at the ceiling. He’s exhausted. Sleep should come easy. He pulls Steve’s sweater over his nose, but there’s no comfortable way to lie down, not with his ribs still aching and being all splinted up. His nose is still stuffy from the fever, his lungs feel sore. His stomach hurts, and every time he coughs the pain is searing. He’s still pissing some blood.
Steve takes his chin, tips it upwards. “I’m a Captain,” he says, “in my capital city, having my ass-licked by the richest men in the country, and I’ve got a sweet bitch to warm my bed tonight.” He kisses him, too deeply to be acceptable in public, one arm wrapped around his waist, pulling him onto the tips of his toes. He kisses him, right there, in a room full of brass who at this moment are noting it down, trying to work out how they can use it to their advantage.
Two hours later, and he finds Steve in conversation with last person he’d expect to find at a military shin-dig. Dalcher, pretty young Dalcher, with the perky tits and kind smile, whose hair is now greying in places, and whose face is lined. How long has it been? “You never kept in touch,” she says, but there’s no vitriol there; she likely understands, given the circumstances.
One hand still in his hair, the other pinching at his lips, feeding fingers into his mouth between gum and cheek, because he can, because Tony would never bite back, docile as he is, and Steve knows it. He pulls back Tony’s head, takes back his hand, and works his cock. “This is what happens,” he says, voice a mix of solemn and lust-laden croak. “I didn’t want to do this, Stark,” he lies, “but sometimes, bad boys need to be taught a lesson.”
“I – “ Steve sighs, down the line. “I had stuff to work out. After what happened with Killian – even before that. I thought maybe we were bad for each other. Brought out the worst.”
It’s arduous. They are making Tony live. They are moving his body for him. Without medication, Tony appears to be unable to function, and yet Steve can’t understand why. He understands depression, God, does he understand depression, but this is unlike anything he’s ever seen; this is madness, or worse. How can Tony be living, breathing, talking, one minute and non-responsive the next? What triggers a change like that? It can’t all be the medication, can it?
“What happened to my room?” Tony asks quietly. Steve remembers it. He and Tony would lie there on Sunday mornings, on Tony’s plush mattress, and Tony would read while Steve drew, or sometimes if the other was tired they would rest their heads on either’s lap. The happy days, when Steve and Tony could be together and there was no right reason for them not to be, and Tony was safe and healthy and kind, with a wide smile and eyes that were embedded with permanent laugh lines.
“Well,” Tony drags him back down, giggling like a stupid idiot, “you’re just the alpha-est alpha, aren’t you, Steve? I guess there’s just… something
"I was thinking," Steve says, moving to wash the suds from Tony's hair "what do you say about a holiday?"
“It’s hot,” Bruce warns him. They’re all watching him, uncomfortable. When Tony meets Bruce’s eyes, he smiles, sadly.
He thinks, Fury knows. They’ll all know, now. When he sits there, hands folded in front of him, slightly spaced out but giving that damn presentation his attention to the best of his ability. Prick still hard in his pants, legs spread beneath the table, not even allowed to wear underwear. He thinks, this is the punishment; still leaking, phantom hands on his skin, while Steve smirks, and they all know.
“They’ll heal,” Gus mumbles, and he looks very much like he wants to sleep “just, leave me, let them heal.” And he drops his head back against the wall, goes completely limp. He’s not sleeping, his eyes are cracked open just the slightest, but his breathing is even, in and out, in and out. He’s just not quite all there, mentally. Steve wonders if right now he pictures his home.
They stay like that for awhile. In that moment, they are happy, and they are healthy, and they are in the Good Days once more.
“From Stark? I really don’t like to have to ask twice, but you’re being very rude. This is making me consider rescinding my offer.”
Tony blinks. He can't remember. He hisses as the nurses fingers bump along his head, find the point where the pain is radiating from. Tony tries to throw her off, raising his hands to protect his scalp.
"Yes you did." The doctor says kindly. "Can you put your feet in the slippers? That's it. Captain, you can come in now."
Tony hated cinnamon. "I'm fine, thank you," Steve tells him, stiffly. "So how did it play out? You saw the truth? Traded the time stone, knowing Tony was the only one who could pull it off?"
“I talk about what I know to be Valhalla. It’s not a term I coined, Steven. The humans who worshipped us, they created Valhalla. It was their name for the afterlife. The one afterlife, it would seem.”
“Use the nice bowl please!” Sarah shouts back through the front door. Tony decides not to. In fact, for the first time, he feels like he’s the one protecting Sarah, and not the other way round.
Wetness against his cheek. Tony frowns, mumbles; Pierce touching him with his tongue. He squirms, tries to pull away. “You’re not going to fight me,” he tells him, “you’re going to let me do whatever I want.”
“Good,” Steve tells him, quietly. He nods at Rhodes, and Rhodes puts his hand on Pepper’s hair. We should move him, he says. We should take him out of the suit.
All the speeches are carefully manufactured. None of them give away anything, not about Tony, not about how he was before he died. They just talk about how he was so kind, and so clever, and how generous, brave, strong. The rain doesn’t stop.
The man’s hand is on his wrist; lightly touching. “I’ll buy,” he says. “A scotch,” he tells the bartender, “and another gin for my friend.”
There’s a trial, Steve told him, to become King of Wakanda. You’re supposed to beat the last king in combat. Kinky. Of course, that’s gone now. No one seems to have the appetite. The ruling of the country is in the hands of a teenage girl and a man named M’Baku. They won’t use the throne room. Not until their king is returned.
“You are from earth?” She calls, flipping on the gears. “Quill’s planet. There were stones on earth. That’s where he would have gone.”
“He’s cut,” the girl is saying “and he’s nicely trained – knows your basic sit stay come. We know he must have had a family before, because he’s just so good with children, but they found him wandering the streets after – “ and the girl cuts short, tactfully. Steve and Tony both know what she’s going to say: after New York.
He had promised he would show them how to make the daisy-chains. They’d wanted him to show them how Iron Man worked. “Next time,” Pierce smiles, nuzzling the baby’s nose, cradling her in his arms.
because Tony can’t remember exactly at what point in the night he had got them. Maybe just from struggling.
He doesn’t knock on the bedroom door, they’re way past knocking. Steve is naked except for the briefs Tony told Natasha to buy him, channel surfing. “Hello,” he says, not peeling his eyes away from the TV.
She spits. “Don’t have you have any soul left in you? Don’t you have – a family, or friends, people you want to revenge – “
He can hear Sarah knocking about downstairs; the sound of coffee brewing, bacon frying. His stomach roils at the thought, but he knows if he wants to stay here he’ll have to eat. Outside the window is green fields, forest, flat enough that he can actually make out the Avengers compound in the distance.
“There was a tussle. Loki got away, but he broke the cube. Here – this was inside,” he says, taking Tony’s wrist just to feel his skin, placing it in his palm. “It should go to Asgard,” he weighs in. “It’s better off earth. Safer. Less people to come knocking.”
Tony takes himself in hand, squeezes his cock, lifting up on his heels slightly. “Yes,” he croaks, distantly aware that – fuck, he’ll regret admitting it later, right? Too much ammunition. “I want to be taken in hand, I fucking deserve it.”
The door is slammed shut. Natasha hasn’t made it in; she’ll take another car. The crowds rock the vehicle back and forth and the driver revs threateningly. They part easily. Steve drives away. Tony is in the ground.
Also, I have just gotten ridiculously attached to Gus. Like, he's a complete asshole, and a little bit twisted, but still. Who isn't.
After, he lies on the cot. Nick doesn’t mention the hair. He doesn’t really speak to him at all, which is fine, because Tony just wants to disappear. He faces the wall, all curled, thin blanket tucked tight around his limbs. He wonders why no one gives him a phone. He wonders when Steve will come. He wonders what he’ll say when he sees him, and runs through the infinite awful permutations of situations where Steve rejects him, or scorns him, or takes him apart with gentle concern. Or maybe, does none of that – maybe, he doesn’t come back at all. Agent 13, that pretty beta.
“No, you don’t. Did you do your makeup in the back of a spoon? You look like – Jesus,” he scoffs, “you look like you’re trying to turn tricks. Worse than that – you realise you look like a racoon, right?”
“Good morning,” he says, too cheerfully. Tony doesn’t know if Steve is genuinely happy he’s here or just trying to put on a brave face. “How are you feeling this morning?”
“I am,” Steve agrees. “I just have a few questions for you now. You’ve been so accommodating so far, I’m sure you don’t mind answering.”
“I didn’t realise you were wearing pretty panties now,” Steve says, voice strangely level, calm, and that just – does something, to Tony. That matter-of-fact tone. “Last time I checked, you were still on white briefs.”
Steve shuts his eyes, fingers twitching on Tony’s wrist, holding it to his nose. “T’hurts,” he mumbles, then groans, face screwed.
Anyway, as per, comments are loved. I always want to know how the characters are shaping up, especially Steve -- since he's not the POV character, it's harder to make his motivations clear.
He’s not joking. There’s something careless about the way he says it, blasé. He can imagine Steve having done that before, to a bratty omega, acting out on the field.
Tony dutifully shuts his eyes tight, letting Steve wheel him out to where a nurse it waiting to collect the chair. The wind is blowing her hair in her face. "Captain," she says "do you need help loading him on board?"
“It wasn’t – he wasn’t trying to kill himself,” Steve says, almost desperately. “He said he wanted to swim, it’s his meds, they’re screwing him all over the place. He was fine this morning, up and alert. An hour in he was practically drooling.”
“And you’re, uh,” Steve clears his throat. “You’re feeling better, I take it. I mean – not just extremis, you were – were sad, a little. Before I left. You’re feeling better?”
ofc, your thoughts on their dynamic and how their thoughts motivations come across are very appreciated
“In the car. I said I’d take him off Steve’s hands. They were very good to him, but I think he misses you.”
Tony smiles, and says he’s dedicating his time to private pursuits. He tells them, you’ll see his work in the coming months. He’s got other priorities, now. He’s got a different style of life.
Pierce laughs, claps the back of Tony’s head, heavily. “I don’t think he can talk,” he says. Tony hears the flick of his lighter, the ignition. Spark, and then smoke.
If he loved you, the first voice spits, he would have listened to you. He would have compromised with you. He never would have left us in Siberia to go with Barnes, he never would have set the dogs on your trail and left you to rot –
Tony feels Steve sit and -- warm, he's very warm in Steve's arms. He whines slightly when Steve lays him on the couch, the soft leather cold. At least it's squashy. Squashy is good. Squashy feels great.
It is hard to describe the agony a vampire feels at the death of their imprint. It’s about as close to physical pain that emotions can reach. It can take many different forms: rage, depression, an empty, cold hole growing inside or cancerous growth on the mind.
Tony hears himself suck in a breath, exhale with a small sigh. He knows he must smell of sex and heat; he’s damp, between his thighs. “You wouldn’t have it in you,” he says, without bite. “Captain Judgemental.”
Steve takes one step closer. Just one, but every person in that circle – each and every one – shuffles back, almost tripping over each other. Except for the poor guy with the bad joke, who’s standing in the centre, paling.
Of course, it was more than just the act of teenage rebellion. When Tony’s shirts where too baggy, no one tried to look at his nipples, and when they fell over his hips, no one could see his ass. If his hair was greasy and face unshaved, he looked more masculine, and he looked dirty, unfriendly, unwelcoming. Not-pretty, ergo, not-worth-looking-at.
“I wanted to thank you. For telling him that, I mean. For letting him know that – that it was okay to – that he could – “
Or it doesn’t. Not really. Steve finds that days can go by without him moving at all. It’s strange way to live.
“It will be the golden days, Steve. A golden age. I can’t wait for you to join me, I swear it. I just want you to live first.”
“You’re right,” she says cooly. “It was stupid of me to think you would want to try and help this kid who — for the record — I didn’t know existed until yesterday.”
“There’s a shower,” he tells him. “I picked up some – things,” adds, elusively. ‘Things’, Tony discovers, are: a bar of scent-neutralising soap; a brush for scrubbing it from his skin; a pack of razors; a jar of cheap, apple-scented moisturiser in garish pink and red, that Tony would usually never touch, but he appreciates the thought that went into it. He imagines Nick in-between the aisles of a Walmart, hat and hood pulled far over his brow, loading up a basket with omegan toiletries, and allows himself a giggle.
He inhales, exhales slowly. “Okay,” he says, thickly. “I – have my hand in my panties. I’m just sort of… playing with myself.”
“No, he was disgraced,” Natasha fills in. “But now he’s running his own… taskforce. It has public backing. A minority, but there.”
Steve comes; he tugs back Tony's head, spilling over his face, his lips, painting his cheeks with ropes of come. He's panting, exhausted, and Tony tips back his head, lets his eyes half-close and allows Steve to mark him with his spend.
“I see,” Steve says thoughtfully. He tsks. “Look at this, Tony. When was the last time you had a nice groom, hmm?”
Tony puts down the pot. "Why are we talking about this?" He demands. "What -- " Tony pauses, blinking "he's back, isn't he?"
Tony hooks his thumbs under his waistband, pushes down his pants. “Sure,” he says, “okay. Kinky. You want to explain to Fury why you stole the clothes of the innocent omega who just
“I didn’t ask, but okay. You must know this is more than that.” Fury narrows his eyes, scents him, just slightly; “you do know that. You’re nervous.”
You could have died. I won't say you didn't because you're a survivor. The reason you didn't die was because Jarvis would intervene but he could not be there all the time. And it was selfish of me to sit there, on the piano, wilfully ignoring you. And I've never told anyone this. I've never breathed a word to anyone, but that day, I broke. And I stood over your crib. And I was so, so close to bringing the pillow over your mouth and ending it. Ending you. Ending me, probably. Howard would have gotten me the death penalty if he could, killing his only son.
Bc I know what I want it to be, honestly, I just wonder if people have picked up on the right thing, you know? This has turned 128% more plot than i thought it would be when i started.
"Steve, all we're talking about it stress relief. If having me by your feet chills you out then, by all means, sign me up. Let's do it."
He unzips his fly. "C'mon," he says softly, holding himself at the base, massaging slightly. "You're gonna do so well, aren't you Tony?"
The soldier’s rough fingers clip the straps at the back of Tony’s head; gently, he cups the muzzle, pulls it away from Tony’s face as he takes in these great, gulping, gasping breaths. Like a landed fish. “Tight,” he wheezes, because it’s the only word he can find, “much – much tight,” he muddles, hand pressed to his stomach.
They get ready separately, in their individual hotel rooms. Steve meets him at the bottom of the wide stairs, smiles, holds out his arm. “You look good,” he says.
Steve sets on it ravenously, munches it down and Bruce hands him more which he eats while watching them tug Gus over the edge and into the jet. He’s pale, his shirt is gone and the moss Steve used to seal the wound has wrenched loose. In the high lights of the quinjet the scars on his chest are thrown into sharp relief, the lines on his face evident. His leg is obviously still broken; he hasn’t been healing.
Pity. Pity, pity, pity. A guy like Steve – an alpha like that… Tony was already on thin ice, nearly ten years older, sloppy seconds. At least he’d been good in the sack. He had been pretty enough. “If you want to say ‘I told you so’,” he croaks, “you can save it. I already know. I know it every day.”
The veins on Tony’s face, those red, creeping lines, have receded. But he remains cold. And still. And dead.
Natasha sighs, takes his hand, traces the place where Tony’s scars are thick, sinewy on his skin. “She’s good to you,” she says. “She’s — better.”
“You don’t like it when I talk,” Tony says. It’s not angry, or vicious – he believes it. “That’s why I brought the gag.”
Then he works the base of Steve's cock, wet with his pre-cum and Tony's saliva, and takes him all the way back down to the root. He bobs his head, sucks on the tip, swallows Steve down until he's pressed deep into Tony's throat, deep enough that he can feel Tony's breath stop. "Careful," he says "don't push yourself if you can't -- "
“I hope he would still call me friend,” he blurts, suddenly. “I would hope he would still call me friend, because — it would be an honour.”
“Well go on then, tell me why the nineties were your favourite decade,” Steve had smiled indulgently. “Make it good.”
So the doctor changes his dosage. Says that this is wrong, it’s bad, and that really Tony needs to be brought back in. Steve insists he can handle him. The doctor doesn’t say anything, because he knows Tony’s situation.
, his eyes water unbidden. “Steve,” he says, “I’m sorry, make me yours. Punish me for it. I’ve been bad, so bad, haven’t I?”
Tony doesn’t let it phase him. He laughs. “Using big boy words, huh? Didn’t your mother ever tell you it’s bad to curse?”
That hadn’t been what he was responding to. He doesn’t know. He wants out of here, he wants to – to die, maybe. He wants Rhodey, he misses him so much. Why did Rhodey have to fall? Why did he have to fall, that was Tony’s fault. Pepper doesn’t talk to him, no one cares. He’s alone now. Why can’t he die. Why won’t they let him die.
The fingers in his mouth, hooking his cheek, laughing when they slapped his face and coaxed him out of hiding places.
Also not sitting: a black man in a black suit, sunglasses large on his face, a scar just visible on his cheek. He stands with his hands in his pockets, unconcerned by the crowd, because he is long dead and no one is looking for him now. Another, wearing a sweater that’s too big, black curls hidden by cheap beanie and pants filled with holes. A bum. He has lost his glasses, and he won’t get too close in case Ross decides to look up.
Tony squeezes himself, spreads his legs. “You’re always rough,” he mutters, grinding the flat of his palm against his shaft.
The gag fits neatly between his gums and his cheeks. It hooks around the skin there, pulls his mouth open wide. He realises, he doesn’t know what to do with his tongue. Steve manhandles him, sits on the couch and makes him straddle his waist. “Is that comfortable?” He asks, strangely considerate.
After, Sarah drives him back in silence. He’s tired anyway. She says she’ll be back in two days time to start therapy again.
Tony sighs. He closes his eyes. "I'm concussed." He mumbles as he starts to slide out of the machine. "I am concussed."
Face time with the brass is price Tony must pay. Ty had been quite insistent. Still, even now there’s a part of him that questions that rationale of letting his ex-boyfriend sit down next to his new lover. Fuckbuddy. Casual... sex-friend. Work-colleague that he – sleeps with. Yeah, that’ll do it.
“I like him. So – just in case you were worrying, or… I know Rumlow’s an ass, but, I don’t hate all your knew friends.”
Tony smells like shit and he knows it. He lets Steve dump him on the couch, sit on the coffee table. If he sees his gift on the floor, half opened, pages crumpled, he doesn’t mention it. Instead, he frowns at the carrier bag in Tony’s hands, prises it from his fingers.
"And the bar. I liked what you said, about, you know, about being under your desk. I like that idea."
Tony stabs his fist into the crook of his elbow, again and again. Nothing lights up. There are no tell-tale signs. Just receptors vibrating impotently, enough to let him know there’s no reception. Tony is drugged, right? Definitely drugged. He scented it, and it’s done this to him. He’s scented it before, and there are muddy puddles in his memory. He makes links. He makes a
“Are you seriously proposing? Here? Now?” Tony is starting to suspect the security system was only an excuse for meeting.
“I – here,” Steve murmurs, pulling off his robe. “Just for my peace of mind,” he tells him, draping it across Tony’s shoulders. His knuckles brush against his skin, and he hides his shudder. Still, the robe is unbearably warm and comfy; it smells like Steve, and for all his repulsion to touch, the scent of alpha, friendly, well-worn and trustworthy, is a comfort.
He turns back to the ceiling. Ornate. All this knowledge, all this wealth, locked up here in a country smaller than the state of New York. What would Tony do? Would he protect his own, or would he have shared it, like T’Challa? Hard to tell. Doesn’t matter, anyway. Nothing does now, not really.
Tony’s eyes widen. “Not like this,” he says, “yeah. Yeah, you know – I, uh,” he shakes his head, “I saw some stuff, up there – “
isn’t to blame for your stupid fucking choices – you shouldn’t have invited me. Even if it’s only for four nights, you shouldn’t have done it, if you didn’t know you couldn’t bear to be with me, or that you might want to run off with some – scientist, or engineer, or whatever the fuck he calls himself.”
Tony hears the words, it takes a while to understand their meaning. “I like…” he starts, confused. “I like – whatever you like,” he answers.
"No." Tony says, putting it down. "Listen to me. I have one rule, okay, and it's just one thing that I need you to keep in mind. And I promise, if you remember this, we'll never have this issue again. You ready?"
Someone holds his hand. More than that – they turn his wrist over, flatten his palm, draw a figure of 8 over and over. He can’t hear, he doesn’t know. His nose tells him – maybe it’s Steve. Scenting like lots of fight. It’s no good, him being so full of fight, he’ll want to fuck, probably. Or maybe he’s –
Peter accepts. “Okay,” he says quietly. “Well, for the record, I never needed you. I just liked having you around.”
“But how are you feeling,” Steve asks him, after. He’s standing, gingerly pulling off his shirt. Tony winces to see him; his right side is yellow and purple all the way up, swollen and achingly bruised. “Other than the words. I want to take you to a specialist, first thing tomorrow. I know it’s getting better, but – just in case.”
“Tony,” Sarah repeats, too softly, too kindly, and that’s when Tony knows. She snakes her hands out across the table to cover his, pats it lightly. “I’m moving.”
“You’re just so damn pushable,” Tony smirks, trying to keep it light. He carefully tries to wrest back control, but even though Rogers’ grip is loose, his fingers are iron.
“We have more,” the girl asks “if maybe a puppy isn’t your thing? Usually they go so fast… but we have more mature dogs too!”
Rhodey. He’s still alive, flesh and blood and family. Happy is somewhere, in New York, building a shrine for Pepper’s loss out of the things she left behind. He has this team, still, somehow. The first ones, the last ones.
He wakes up thirsty, desperately. His throat feels too tight, and his dreams were visceral, and he only allows himself a few moments to let the relief of reality tide him through to the now before carefully pulling back the covers, swinging his feet onto the carpet.
Steve is wearing sweatpants, a nice faded T-shirt that’s too tight. His hair is ruffled, he has a shadow on his jaw. “Surprise,” Tony says, like he’s fine, like this is a cute trick.
Steve pockets the one of Tony in bed. It reminds him of their lazy mornings. He wishes he’d had the forethought to take his own pictures, before it was too late.
After he’s heard his footsteps retreat, the elevator pull away, he reaches forward, picks it up. It’s wrapped in old newspaper, which is funny, even if Tony doesn’t know why. Tied with string. He pulls on it. An album? No. A sketchbook.
“Honestly… she said she didn’t know when she would be back. I’m sorry, I’m not going to — lie to you, or hold back anything because — whatever, I’ve seen what happens when I try to do that. She said she doesn’t know when she’ll be back.”
Tony nods rapidly, stares at his shoes. “That one,” he mutters, fast. He keeps scuffing his shoe against the ground.
He lets his head hit the back wall, just so he can bare his neck a little. The submission triggers something in Ty, and he eases off, peeling back from being so up in Tony’s personal space. “We would have made quite the power couple,” he agrees, trying to slide past Ty’s body.
Tony can’t take it. “Stop it,” he hisses, and he scrunches his hands against his eyes. “Shut up, shut up.”
The man waves a hand. “Oh, I don’t know about that,” he says, leaning heavily against the bar, hands clasped. “I mean – I literally didn’t know. Apologies. I’m not a part of that world.”
for the homeless, that’s basically better than Steve’s new omega. If there is a new omega. He doesn’t know. He thinks there probably is.
Tony is stiff. His head falls back onto their shoulder. He stares at the ceiling, hazy yellow light, oak. Lips tickle his ear. He shivers.
It’s raining. Steve’s feet are wet. Hands on cards, cards should be in pocket, why isn’t there a teleprompter, surely when something is televised they give you a teleprompter? He runs over advice in his head: look up regularly, if you fluff a line wipe your eye like you’re crying. Ad lib something about how grateful you are that Tony secured your pardon, and how you know he worked so hard for you, the team, the world.
Steve doesn’t know if he’s lying or not. He wants to, he thinks, that’s what he wants. To closet Tony away, heal him, glaze over his scars and wrap him in love. He’s also intensely aware that he fought a war so he could have the right to live and work, and it doesn’t exactly look good to up and leave after all is said and done. But Tony rubs at his nose, sniffs, dries his eyes with shaky hands. “You mean that?” He croaks “We can leave?”
In a secluded hallway, he crawls behind a heavy red curtain, pushes himself between the wall and the window, and curls up like a child.
Steve grips his chest, massages below the breastbone. It should have been him. It should have been him, Jesus, he has nothing to live for anyway.
Barely blacks out. He hears the servos whirring, the suit gears grinding, the weight of Steve pulled off of him, his sentinel saving him before the dark takes him entirely. Steve is scared. Steve doesn’t understand what’s happening. There are other hands pulling him away, dragging him out of the cell. Steve puts a dent in the helmet. The faceplate flies across the room, cracks against the door just after it closes.
“Of course,” he says, gently, eventually. “Of course you do, you pretty fool. You’re bred for this, aren’t you?”
Steve snorts. "You're such a princess." He says as Tony's hands grip the edges of the bath, as he fights to keep in a moan. "And you're always so stiff."
Steve dries off his hair in the bathroom, brushes ash from his clothes. There’s some blood on his white shirt, but Tony is too sleepy to notice. Humming, he strips them off, bundles them up, dumps them in the laundry. Pisses, brushes his teeth.
“Right. Yes.” Steve clears his throat. “I was thinking – or I wasn’t, thinking, actually. I can get – carried away, with myself. In the moment. Things get very…”
He plunges into Tony's mouth, hot and warm and perfect. Steve grunts, one hand steady on Tony's head, the other gripping the edge of the couch cushions. "I wish I'd thought of this sooner," he says, breathless "wish I could have done this while I was working. What do you think? Could have had you under the desk, sucking me off."
But Rhodes goes cold. “You were with him, then. You were there for all of that, all of the — paranoia.”
As usual I love comments about how you think Gus and Diana are playing out! I adore every comment I get, they literally make my day.
Cologne, and cigarette smoke. Scotch. His favourite things, all indelibly fucking marked, scarred onto him. He doesn’t have options, not about anything; everything he is he was made, and not by choice, by someone else selling him there, or touching him here, or marking him in such a way that nothing, not once thing, will ever be as pure or as true as the Tony who probably died in an old man’s bed when he was fifteen –
Bruce and Natasha’s talk cuts out. Tony turns his head, and sees Thor staring at him, impassive. Disgruntled, Tony rolls onto his side and faces the wall.
“You ass,” Steve says, approaching at a low crouch “you fucking asshole, how much did Diana pay you to kill me? Hmm?” He takes a fistful of his hair in his grip, tugs up his head. “Tell me!”
Steve doesn’t give him that. Steve is a dependence. Steve is the very opposite of autonomy: if Tony stays, now, it means sharing beds, and breakfasts, and – power of attorneys. Very likely marriage. There will be children, and then Tony will never leave, no matter what. Steve will have him, always. Tony will be Of Rogers. A part of a whole.
“I mean touch. That’s all. It’s not a big deal, you don’t need to make a scene. Just sack him and get someone else.”
They never went on that date. Steve had promised he would take him on a date. No one had ever promised him that before.
“My number one? Uh,” Tony feels him shake his head, exhale. “God, I don’t know, Tony. That’s a lot of pressure.”
After Tony’s first few contracts, he’d gone through his teenage rebellion. He’d started wearing baggy sweaters with pants that were too tight and hair that was greasy and a beard unshaved. His mother had despaired. He’d stuck pins for punk rock bands on his shirt and pasted their posters on his wall, alongside a scandalous picture of a beta pin-up girl, who he wasn’t supposed to like and – quite frankly –
he thinks drowsily, exhaling smoke. He rests a shaky hand against his brow, and the heat inside him finally starts to dissipate. He did a bad thing, tonight. He shouldn’t have let on. He should have controlled himself.
Tony whines in the back of this throat and the vibrations travel down the head of Steve's cock. He shivers. "Yeah," he breathes "that would have been perfect. You on your knees, licking my balls. Maybe I would have taken a few calls like that. Maybe I would have seen some guests. No one would be able to see you, but they'd all know you were there, letting me fuck your mouth while they talked."
She may join the elders. She had said that, once. Talked about how she would love to join them, live among them. See how life once was for their kind.
Nick’s lips are pressed together, tightly. He picks up the pack, starts to shuffle them, but he doesn’t deal.
Tony eyes it suspiciously. “What is it?” He asks, picking it out of the packaging, sniffing at the lid. “I don’t need to eat it, do I?”
He was never vain to begin with. Don’t let it be misconstrued for vanity. Being attractive is important. He got a lot done when he was attractive. It’s was his mask, a shield.
and he chose to do it anyway, total disregard his feelings. Tony thinks, in a second of blistering panic, that he’s made himself so ugly now, and what will he do? What the fuck will he do when Steve looks at him and winces, when the walls start going up, where’s he going to go? Who would take him now, with all this baggage, with all this – hate?
It feels like an absence of something vital, air, or sound. Other things, too: his feet don’t tap when he hears music, food has no taste. There’s colour around him, in his peripherals, but when he looks at the grass, at the sky, at flowers, it leeches. He no longer sees its depth.
Tony doesn’t move, not at all, not for what feels like hours. The ice in his drink melts. He blinks, slowly. Swallows. He feels slightly vacant. He thinks Steve might have been crying, but that’s not his fault. He never pretended… he’s only doing what he…
Steve spent many days trying to convince Tony to just leave the compound. He asked what he was afraid of. He tried to understand how someone could be so lacking in purpose.
And Steve kisses him again, this time on the crown of his head, even though he can scent that he’s disappointed.
do? What does that make me?” Tony isn’t offended, just – interested in the perspective of this stranger, who knows when to back off and doesn’t invade his personal space.
He isn’t crying. He sees colour, for the first time in weeks. “No, but see – “ Steve smiles, “he kept them. I thought he’d had them burnt, he told me he’d…”
There are footsteps. Steve turns, instinctively, head snapping to the side; Tony doesn’t bother, he’s not souped up enough on fight to care about every little noise. But Steve – he’s noticing some things about Steve tonight. The slant of his cheekbones to his mouth, the hard curve of his jaw, wide and strong. His hair, pushed back on his head, and that stupid fucking tuxedo that’s far too tight, but still –
“Don’t hurt him too badly, now,” Pierce warns. “Nothing broken. Just get him scenting of something good and scared, see how much of Rogers we can lift from him.”
For being sick. For being ill. For being such a poor, poor excuse for a mother. I shudder to use the word, really, because what I have been to you is not a mother. But let me explain.
and the fact that every aspect of life is conspired against you, but the truth is, Stark, that you’re selfish. You put yourself first. And you’re a good human, but you can’t fucking help yourself, and you don’t even try.”
Tony blinks, slow, uncoordinated, one eye before the other. “I know,” he says, one word dripping after another. “I didn’t try to kill myself because of what other people thought of me.”
Steve shakes his head. “You were the only one,” he tells him. “All these years, you told me. Sometimes, you’d tell me, and I’d laugh. I thought you were – “ Crazy, eccentric, attention-seeking, joking, “worried. But you were right. And I’m sorry.”
“No,” Steve says, earnestly. “This works best. I mean – being alpha, and having an omega. It makes sense. It’s good, to have natural leaders, and – “
He’s going to fix it. All day and all night, he tinkers with extremis. The doctors have floated around cosmetic surgery, skin grafts, but Tony doesn’t want something that’ll make him look pitiable. He’s going to fix it entirely. He can. He will. In the meantime –
People start to scream, either in fear or anger, and Steve is very nearly taken up in it. Someone spits on his cheek. Someone has spat on him. He turns to see who it is, irrationally angry, but they’ve been taken up in the crowd and now he’s being shepherded towards a car —
“You will tell him the truth. That you wanted to kiss me. That you wanted to pay reparation. You will tell him that it was your choice. You will tell him you have to, because you were bred to. It’s in your nature, Tony. Are you listening, now, this is important – it is in your nature to let others use your body. It is your place. The Captain doesn’t understand that. You will make him understand the truth.”
Dad had said – look, he’d always been clear. And Tony has made mistakes since, but Dad was always right about this: once it’s out there, it’s out there. There is no ever smooth sailing. The boat has holes, Tony. You can plug them, for a time, you can scoop the water with a bucket. All it takes is one bad storm.
“I loved them as much as… any kid who was taken care of mostly by nannies, and shuttled between tutors and private school by a driver, can love their parents.” That’s not fair, Tony thinks. He
"Take the water." Tony says, handing shaking hard around the glass. "Take it, Steve, it'll calm you down, drink."
“You just make yourself comfortable, lie on your belly, we’ll be getting the bulk of your back and ass done this week.”
But despite this, Nick stops rattling the door. He seems to wait it out. And then asks, “Are you decent?”
he smiles, grateful for the food, but more grateful for Steve’s laugh, the hand the helps him stand. Steve smells sad, and exhausted, but Tony can make him laugh, and that means more than anything.
Steve is still watching, him, eyes half-lidded, relaxed against the chair. “Thank you,” he says, between kisses, soft and delicate. “Thank you for protecting me, Captain.”
“Milk then. I should get used to it. I will be here for a while, I imagine. Well, if we live. Which I’m sure we will,” Thor brightens. Tony wonders how he does that, lifts people’s spirits. Maybe if Tony was 1,500 years old, he’d be the same. He claps Tony on the back, making him choke on his stew. “But I hear congratulations are in order!” He cries. “You’re engaged to be married. Marvellous.”
“That she got someone to pull strings? Probably T’challa. And I know Steve’s behind it, somewhere. He’s so fucking guilty.”
And Steve looks at Tony. Tony doesn’t want to look at him; he’s ashamed. But he thinks, Steve wants to see him, so he looks back. And Steve, in all his glory, like a bright brush of colour, like cool water on a hot day.
Tony is giggling, and Steve laughs too, hopelessly, because that stupid little chortle – it’s the one he does when he’s nervous, out of his depth, or giddy with excitement. “Oh, God,” he groans, long and low. “Steve, I’m out here in the depths of space, and all I can think – how fucking human, huh? Do you think there are other species that use their last breaths to craft – revenge letters to their exes? I’ve got a little bit of earth with me out here, that… pathetic, grasping, beautifully jealous humanity. You bastard. God, you goddamn bastard, I hate you. But for what it’s worth – “
“Hey,” Tony says, poking him slightly with his elbow. “I’ve been meaning to ask – no pressure, but what’s your number one fantasy, huh? Involving me, of course. And others! If that’s your thing,” he adds.
It’s a life or death situation, and Tony is genuinely terrified, but his overriding thought is what a desperate piece of shit this guy is. “I don’t tend to want to bone guys who stalk me,” he starts, and recoils back when Killian rests his palm a hair’s breadth from his face. He shuts his eyes, winces, breath coming in pants; this guy could easily scar him for life, just like that. And Tony is powerless.
He rubs his eyes. "I hope you're happy," he says, "truly. I don't even mean that in a cynical, jack-ass kind of way. I hope Barnes is still there, and you two are happy. I hope you get some kind of closure, Stevie. I hope the nightmares aren't keeping you up at night, still. I..." Tony waves his hand. "I guess I don't have it in me to be resentful right now. Let's see how I feel if I live, huh? For what it's worth -- it could have been you. I don't know. It's not worth burning up the mental energy for now, anyway. I love you, Steve. I hope I make a pretty corpse."
Tony groans, hides his face in the pillow, regrets it when the bandage on his throat gets caught in the fibres. “Fucking hell,” he mutters, debating. He sniffs himself; disgusting. His hair is stuck up at odd angles, he’d had a nightmare and sweat through his shirt. “Doesn’t he know I’m busy?”
want to kiss me. You want to thank me. You want to pay reparation, because I’ve helped you, and because I took care of you. You want to kiss me. It’s your choice, Tony.”
