With difficulty, Dean drags his attention away. Cupped within the queen’s palms is a spindly brown sapling, a supple stick topped by no more than half a dozen pale green leaves. The entirety of the Tree is grounded by a ball of damp black earth, bundled richly in her grip.
Cas’ expression is pinched when he looks at Dean, his eyes sharp and inscrutable. Dean decides now is not the time to start in on anything. He waves over Claire instead. “What’d you bring us?”
“It’s Patience, she’s texting—hey Max?” Sam swipes away Patience’s messages, then brings the phone to his ear, then stares down at the speakerphone again. “Max, you there?”
Cas’ mouth twists. “When Max is in the perimeter, she is affected. On her own, she is impervious to its effects.”
Dean laughs, off-kilter enough that it comes out sounding brittle. “One way of putting it.” He looks between her and Sam, who has wandered over from where he was tossing the trash. “What’s causing it? Witchcraft?”
“More legwork. Awesome.” Dean folds his hands over a feigned wound in his chest. “Glad to know what you think of me.”
Dean follows a half-step behind, hitting the front deck around the same time that Castiel is creaking open the cabin’s front door.
“Cas.” Dean sighs heavily. “No, you didn’t. You don’t deserve—” He shuts his eyes. Swallows. “You deserve better than what I give you. That’s for sure.”
Alright, so maybe Dean hadn’t looked too good when Cas found him. Maybe Cas was miffed that his injuries got him sidelined while Dean’s own got swept away.
Dean sipped at his bottle, waiting. He prodded Castiel with his elbow. The radio flickered on, briefly, before promptly dying with the lights.
It’s not until a while later, when the murmur of laughter and conversation has died down on the cubicle floor, that Dean receives a knock on his door. When he turns, chair creaking on its swivel, he finds Castiel standing there in the doorway, a plate of cake perched in hand.
He thinks briefly of his brother, out on a date of his own. Of their communal kid, accepting them without judgment.
The queen sweeps her black eyes over Sam, as interested in him as she was in the cut on her hand. “Terribly.”
It’s Sam who finds him like that, of course—slumped over in a nook between the bookshelves, winged armchairs pushed askew in his quest to find a corner into which he could collapse. His little brother looms over him with his arms crossed, all six-feet-five-inches of fury scowling down at Dean, laying drunk on the floor.
Castiel exchanges one final glance with Dean before leaving his office. Dean smiles politely after him, more so that Raphael might see him doing it than for any measure of goodwill.
“No problem. I can give her a rundown.” Dean jots more notes. “She just has to run the legacy application and then web services, checking the groups match what we see in the tables.”
Castiel flushes. “I didn’t mean to—I mean, it’s been so long that I’ve been hoping we would—” He swallows down his embarrassment, tentatively joining Dean in his laughter. “Okay. Maybe I’m a little enthusiastic about this.”
“Your degree tell you that?” Hank says dryly. He scuffs his eraser across a sudoku tile, scratches over the 9 with a 3. “Why don’t you take it up with her, see what she thinks about her relatives breaking the mold?”
In the hall to Castiel’s apartment, Dean picks up the first hints of something garlicky and delicious being cooked. His mouth is watering by time he knocks on the door; he swallows thickly and grins in greeting, as Castiel invites him in.
“Hey, Cas,” says the man with long hair, crouching down. His elbows come to rest on the railing of the hospital bed, large hands folded together, fidgeting. He tries to smile. The gesture is as gentle as his voice. “How are you feeling?”
He and Sam are the end of the Winchester line. No spouses. No kids to share their memories with. No way for Dean to pass that along, to move that history from one generation into another, to keep himself alive once he’s dead.
Dean stares down at his phone, the screen coming to life with the press of a button. His fingers twitch for a familiar contact, and without really intending to Dean finds himself checking again for messages from Cas.
Dean glances across the bow of his arm, confirming once again that Cas isn’t peeking. Assured, he continues to strip out of his shirt and jeans, his footing briefly stumbling when his ankle hooks on a pant leg. He slips on a clean undershirt and keeps on the same boxers, figuring it’s worth waiting until morning before swapping out for a fresh pair. Maybe Sam and Rowena will have a solution by then.
Dean glances up from a text Mary sent about the case she and Jack are working. He leans against the Impala, the corner of his eye kept on Patience, just to be sure she makes it into her and Claire’s room okay. “They expected back at Sioux Falls by now?”
“Because I’m not tired,” Dean answers, although it isn’t true. He is brought here by his dream, carried along to where he ought to be.
When Dean awakens, his wakefulness returns in staggered increments. His limbs are heavy; his eyesight won’t sit right. He burbles nonsense as he struggles up, then collapses, back onto his knees.
“Thank you for that! Now, it sure is nice to see you two fellas getting along, but where are your husbands, boys?” She clucks her tongue, a teasing finger poked into each of their sides. “Better get back to ‘em in a hurry!”
En route to the motel, Dean’s phone starts ringing. He digs it out from his pocket and tosses it to Sam, who puts it on speaker and holds it out between them.
The blonde’s phone buzzes, and she shuffles her hand free from the basket handle in order to fish her cell out from her pocket. Val catches a glimpse of a photo, some badly-burned baked goods flashing up on-screen.
Castiel falls silent. Dean can hear him thinking, can feel his thoughts thrumming in the pulse beneath his fingers. “Hey, c’mon. They should be thanking you, if anything. You saved the day.”
Dean hasn’t made his mind up about that yet. “So give Patience a call, let her and Claire know we’re looking for some kind of selective kidnapper. And call Cas too, let him know the details.”
They disperse before Patience heads in—Sam with his laptop to McDonald’s, Claire with her stolen credit cards to the shampoo aisle. Air conditioning blasts inside the main doors, caressing them like a curtain. Dean grabs a cart and hangs a couple rows back from Patience, his sunglasses on, but Patience merely wanders the aisles with half a dozen school kids in tow, the group of them laughing about whatever comments are being made about items on display.
Business end of things now done, Cas abandoned his bag and came closer to Dean, leaning against the countertops the same way Dean was leaning, one hand wrapped around a mug of lukewarm water, since even green tea was too caffeinated for him to drink during his heat without getting a headache.
Dean’s gaze is dipped down, fixated on Castiel’s mouth. Castiel can count every lash on his eyes, every freckle on his cheeks.
The depth of human history has convened to this moment, and when Dean’s gone there won’t even be a grave to show that he was there.
?” He turned back as much as he could, in their present state. “That’s what you’re worried about right now?”
Cas laughed again, between kisses, but it didn’t feel mean-spirited to him. If anything, the deeper parts of Dean delighted in eliciting such joy within him. His body thrilled at pleasing his alpha, emboldening Dean to take more.
Dean barely has enough time to sit behind his desk before Raphael is knocking at his door, a calculated corporate smile already plastered on his face. The new SA comes up behind him, looking studious.
“For what it’s worth,” Inias says to him, “I’m sorry you didn’t get the job. Lord knows why you want it, but we all know you’d be good at it.”
Dean stands stock-still in the door frame, slowly processing the sight before him. Alicia and Max grab an arm apiece and drag him forward goodnaturedly, stepping back as people start hugging Dean and shaking his hand. Dean accepts it all with a baffled look on his face, looking like he can’t be certain he deserves any of it. His face lights up as Mary approaches, hugging him, and then Sam comes up, whispering something as he offers a hug of his own him. Dean starts laughing as they pull apart. Jack then follows, going for his hug, which Dean solidifies with a lifting grip and a bearhug twist at the end.
Dean stops walking so abruptly, Castiel nearly bumps into him. He can’t keep the heat from entering his voice as he says, “Is this about me freezing up in front of P&I? Because I’m over it, Castiel. I screwed up. Move on.” He punches the elevator down button, his finger flexing with the force of the motion.
It hurts more than anything ought to. He grunts and strains against it. The machines beep out indignations.
Despite the lingering look Cas gives at a distance down the hall, Dean goes to bed alone. He thumps to a halt at the foot of his bed, drags his hands over his face. Grimaces. The grit of the day has ground into his palms, built up beneath his blackened nails. He should change his clothes, wash his face at minimum, but this is the same Dean who woke up this morning with a living, breathing mother; he’s not about ready to relinquish that skin just yet.
Dean pulls away, mouthing apologies against Cas’ lips, gets himself out and takes both their cocks in hand. His free hand runs down Cas’ spine, spreads across his ass and digs in, changing his angle into something dirty. Cas plants his hands on Dean’s chest and rocks roughly against him, his thrusts catching against Dean’s dick, making Dean squirm with his own breathy moans.
But Cas hasn’t called. Hasn’t contacted Sam or any of their friends about him. Hasn’t tried to check up on Dean. Cas just left, and he’s had a decent enough time away from Dean that he has no reason yet to cave.
It hit Dean then that Cas was probably sitting alone in his own room, having only just realized that he’d missed out on grabbing his supplies but too stubborn to come over and ask for them, even if he needed a toothbrush and a change of clothes before the night’s end.
“Not exactly.” Setting his mug onto the cupboard, Castiel raises his hands. Dean catches sight of trim, pink cuticles before his fingers fan loosely apart.
But Dean has denied himself longer than he can remember, and the way out from the dark is fraught. He doesn’t know how to navigate that chasm within him, not by sight or sound or with words. Not yet. But touch—
“It’s for me?” Castiel asks, at the same time Sam grumbles, “It’s not a bad car, Dean, even if it’s not pretty.”
Dean’s the one to break the silence, clearing his throat with another wince. “You the one they sent to…?”
Brows drawn, Castiel looks up. “It’s a partnership between our two parts of the system. Inias and Miriam will be pulled in for development. Gail at web services will be handling QA.”
“Hey, it could so be mine! But it just so happens I’m staying at a... friend’s. Until I feel better.”
Ryan nods, expression soft despite her disappointment. She’s seen less and less of her friend lately, and part of her had hoped that had been due to reasons beyond live-risking adventures. She’d hoped that having a social life had finally registered back on Maggie’s radar, that they finally had the chance to be light and frivolous in a way neither of them have properly pursued in years.
“Yeah, I know,” Dean says, sarcastic. “The work comes first.” He stands, his hands unceremoniously pulled from Castiel’s. “Go ahead, Cas. Put my name in. See how far that goes.”
Too much light seeps in through windows that aren’t there, back in reality. The stairs to the main entrance glitter in bronze and gold, not wrought-iron black. The floor is a creamy white, so crisp and clean it nearly hurts Dean’s eyes. Even the green tiles coloring the walls seem verdant and rich, the grout between them all but sparkling.
“What about…?” Dean begins slowly, but Cas doesn’t allow the thought to finish, cupping his hands around Dean’s face and reeling him in for another kiss.
As if on cue, Dean feels his face turn a flaming red. “I’m just—we’re gonna—” He clears his throat, and motions to the welcome sign. “I’m gonna check us into an actual cabin.”
Sam huffs. “Cas released his grace, and Max stored it away for safekeeping. It’s all we can do for now. He’s healing, Dean. It just takes time.”
Next up is Cas, who seems puzzled as the staff walks the caber up to him. He leans down as he’d seen the other competitors do it, hefting up the log and angling it over one shoulder. But then Cas does something strange, lobbing the caber straight up into the air before deftly catching it back at an angle, the log arranged like a javelin in one hand.
Sam mimed zipping his lips, then collected the green five-gallon pail Dean had purloined for this very purpose. Cas was already miles ahead of them, having dug up the first three potato hills in each row. His coat and suit jacket were off, hung on the handles of a wheelbarrow. His white shirt was lightly powdered earthy brown and pollen green.
“You okay?” Dean murmurs. His head lifts a little, though not enough to see much of anything, this time of night.
Dean swipes his hands against his legs, forces his creaking knees to lift him to height. A breath for courage, then he makes the hike toward Cas.
The drive back is tense, whiteknuckled through the torrential downpour of the storm. The radio is turned low, so Dean can better concentrate. Castiel’s head is throbbing with the influx of memories he’s found again.
Dean doesn’t know what to say to that. That Bart would try to circumvent analyst approval isn’t surprising—treating corporate speculation the same as actual board decisions was kind of Bart’s old MO. But that Dean actually forgot what Bart was like, that he allowed himself to believe the end to legacy had come and left him all alone...
“Daisies are easier to take care of than a dog,” reminds Castiel, as he refills Dean’s mug with another round of tea.
Castiel sits quietly in the truck’s musty cab, hands to himself, eyes wandering. There are few possessions left to the vehicle, this many years since being abandoned, but the truck has a few faint glimpses of the Castiel who had owned it, for a time.
A young woman hooks her chin over Castiel’s shoulder, squeals, “You made it!” into his ear. She squeezes him tightly before letting go, brushing stray strands of red hair off her face. She looks to Dean, beaming. “And you’re Dean, aren’t you. Hello, welcome! We’ve heard so much about you.”
Dean idly flips her off, his focus already back to his laptop. He types for another minute, but his mind keeps skipping back to their teasing, making it difficult to concentrate.
“Alright, well, goodnight.” Dean flips his phone shut as Cas signs off, then digs another handful of face scrub out of the jar.
Cas swiped a bare forearm across his mouth, giving Dean a faint smile that matched the crinkles at his eyes. Dean felt warm without needing to. The day’s heat would get him yet.
It was not difficult to masturbate, a fact known by countless species across the planet. This fact, however, did not seem to consider Castiel when determining its certainty. It frustrated him that he was not among those suited to achieving orgasms.
“The world is ending,” Sam tells him, his anger leashed—barely. “Everyone between Minnesota and Lebanon is gone. Probably the rest of the damn world too. We need to do something. Fast. Before Chuck comes for us too.”
Cas rubbed along the crack of Dean’s ass, his thumb tantalizingly teasing Dean’s hole. Then the first few fingers slipped inside of him, and Dean bucked against the intrusion, rushing headlong into
Castiel manages to eavesdrop, sometimes, if they’re standing close enough to his room while they talk. He hears his name a lot, laced with Sam’s worry, but Dean doesn’t say much in return when Castiel comes up as a topic.
“Forward me the latest zip file over messenger.” Rising, Dean heads for the tiny desk in the corner of the living room that comprises his home office. With the cell phone wedged against his ear, he fetches his laptop from its bag and begins booting it back up. “I just need to log into the VPN. Then I’ll compare file versions for you.”
“It’s not the pasta night I envisioned,” says Castiel, “but still a good enough excuse to break out the wine.”
The sobriety in Castiel’s tone; the sorrow. Dean’s eyes prickle despite the fight to keep them dry. “I’m not that big a deal.”
Castiel fidgets with the bag of his belongings. He winds the belt into lazy loops in his hands, thinking without really thinking.
Castiel groaned, his grip faltering. Dean used the failure to push Castiel onto his back, hands planted atop Castiel’s shoulders. The blanket bowed upwards as Dean fitted his hips atop Castiel’s, his heat soaking through his briefs and sopping onto Castiel’s trousers.
“Fucking asshole,” Dean murmurs, storming out of his office before he can dwell too deeply on what he’s doing. He crosses the cubicle floor in prowling strides, gaze fixated on Castiel’s office and its stupid fucking closed door.
The cops look to the man with the trench coat, who looks to the young blonde like she has the final say. They all seem to be only just realizing that they’ve been speaking—loudly—in public, and that the few patrons sitting around them know more than perhaps they wish was out in open air.
Castiel sets down his plate, then untucks the two glasses of iced tea he has wedged into the crook of his arm. Dean nods his thanks, exchanging the glass Cas gives him with a bag of chips he snagged. As if sensing Cain’s quiet mood, they set into their meals in silence.
Cas’s hand falls through the pillows beside Dean’s head, crinkling something plastic. Dean breaks the kiss by craning his neck back, trying to land eyes on the culprit. He frowns, uncomprehending, until the sight before him clicks. “Are those
In the parking garage, Dean tosses his laptop bag roughly into the passenger seat. He drives home, fuming, his headache growing. The street lights flare with sunlike auras as they whirl by.
Dean looks to Sam, questioning, but Sam gives a smug grin and continues chewing. An old throb of sibling rivalry strikes Dean then, so strong yet subtle that only those with thirty-odd years of experience with each other could ever scent it.
The wear and tear that’s gathered sinks into Dean, sets his hands to shaking. He doesn’t want to slow down, doesn’t want to reach this wall, but the loss of adrenaline hits him like a roundhouse, knocking him back onto the bed.
“You think Cas is in danger here?” asks Sam. “That she’s gonna do something to him while she’s in there?”
Cas’ gaze drifts offside, averted cautiously away. He hesitates more than Dean can stand. “With the intention of honesty, there’s something else I should have told you,” Cas says. “About Jack’s resurrection.”
It’s an ungodly hour by time Castiel falls asleep on the couch, and even then he gets so little sleep that when he wakes, he doubts he can keep his eyes open for the entire drive into work. Worse still, he also overslept, thanks to his now-dead phone failing to set its alarm off, its charger stranded in the bedroom.
Castiel falters looking at him, though he’s not sure why. He feels compelled to explain himself, somehow, again and again. “My phone. She’s a contact in it. But I haven’t heard from her lately.”
“Need to finish my notes,” Dean says, belated, as Castiel drags them and their belongings towards the elevator. “Presentation tomorrow.”
Castiel passes over his section of pie, their fingertips brushing. Dean can’t help how his pulse rises in response.
Castiel pushes the styrofoam plate across his desk, large hands twisting it so its plastic fork is positioned ready for Dean to grab. Castiel then takes a small step back and, as if only realizing he still has it on, quickly removes the party hat, setting it on the corner of Dean’s desk.
Or meetings with Castiel. In person. The three of them in Castiel’s office, laughter coming in muffled from behind closed doors.
Dean straightens, his foot stubbing an empty bottle, rocking the glass to its tipping point. He touches a hand to its rim, stilling it. “You okay? Thought Claire just needed backup.”
With a brief window of time to himself, Dean reviews the emails he drafted the night before, confirming they’re still coherent in the light of day. Satisfied, he fires off his replies in quick succession, wrapping the whole exercise up shortly before another message comes in from Castiel.
In a creaky voice, Dean said, “First, I hope to God it happens on a weekend, so I miss at most a Friday or Monday. Call in sick only if I gotta, because I tend to lose my hourly job whenever they find out I’m not an alpha, and the company doesn’t want to start shelling out for heat days.”
The meal carries them through the tail end of the current episode. When the next begins to play, neither Dean nor Cas raises an argument to stop it. Instead, Castiel settles more deeply onto the couch, his knee jostling rhythmically, legs askew in front of him. Dean feels Cas’ nerves as acutely as his own; the need to reassure him comes just as strong as his desire not to needlessly hash over the details of the discovered production bug.
Castiel lies, nodding yes. He drags his spoon through his bowl of milk, gathering dregs along with courage. No point putting off the inevitable question.
“These? No.” Castiel sets his messenger bag on the floor, then focuses on making space on the counter for the latest basket arrival. “Legacy sent most of the gifts yesterday—turns out they wanted to commemorate your first actual sick day. But this one is from Adler and the rest of management. I believe Anael guilted them into choosing it.”
The grace bottle rattles sharply on the seat between them. Cas touches it with his fingertips, steadying it against his hip.
“Why’re you changing skins so often?” Dean garbles through a mouthful of meat. Lenora blushes and shyly mumbles something about the bedroom that Dean chooses not to follow up on.
Castiel withdraws the plate at the last second, sending Dean into despair. “Move to the living room, if that’s okay.” He motions with his chin. “Grab the forks and napkins as you go.”
“Ooh, and here’s the matching cardigans I brought! The Pine Shadow one really brings out the color of your eyes, don’t you think?”
Castiel wants to chase him for more answers, but Dean merely pushes him into his room, shutting off the light while muttering a half-hearted “Goodnight”.
The water sprinkler spritzed at a distance, urging on the corn stalks growing along the far rows. Beyond them lay the sprawling piles of pumpkins Dean had planted on a whim, a bright patch of pale gourds growing darker orange.
In the email attachment, Dean finds a step-by-step breakdown of how the RI team will integrate what remains of legacy into the rest of the current system, replacing legacy with one of their newer projects building a similar routine. There are pages and pages of action items, each with columns filled with developer commentary breaking down precisely how the conversion from legacy into the system at large will go.
“Uhh—” Dean scours his memories, narrowing down which update Castiel is talking about. “You mean the maintenance update?”
Cas laughed a bit, mumbling something about Dean being wild, before cupping his cheek and bringing their lips together.
He just wants to know that Cas needs him as badly as Dean needs him. Needs to know that he means something to Cas, even if it’s not in the same way Dean wants it to be.
. Dean purses his mouth so tight his dimples form. Sam softens immediately, his bitch face breaking. Dean lets the sour moment dissipate and die.
Anael is outraged, once the news breaks out. She places an emergency order for a cake from a bakery down the block, the details of which are settled frighteningly quickly with the employee on the other end of the line. While they’re waiting, Miriam gets a forwarded copy of Bart’s email, its contents plumbed for further insight into Inias’ future. Anael calls up her secret contacts on the other teams, confirming what rumors she can about the move, unveiling what little intel is out there about Inias’ new project. Even Hannah takes her break early to come upstairs, giving a big hug to Inias and promises that their paths will cross again.
“It was your decision, ultimately,” Castiel says carefully. “But we’re trying to offer a world that helps people be their best. Part of that is helping them avoid actions that would upset others. So Heaven offers you small… suggestions. To assist however it can.”
“Technically, today?” Dean laughs. “Told Raph to use my vacation days as my notice. Just packed up my stuff, gave a couple hugs to the girls, and sailed straight out the door.”
“What d’you think I’ve been trying? With this whole trip to—” Dean drops his hands to his thighs, sighing. Quietly, he says, “You’re my rock, Cas. I would never... I don’t wanna ever lose you again.”
Dean could’ve been angry that Cas was gone before he woke up, but truth be told it was a relief to be alone for a while, reliving the highlights of what happened without another to bear witness. He got to spend his morning routine humming Zepp tunes to himself and half-stepping through memories of the night before, his grin open and foolish, all without worrying how it might come across to Cas.
Castiel nods as though this is an interesting tidbit, not something even fans in passing already know. “I was always so disappointed with what they did with Lizzie’s character. I mean, she fell in love with a hallucination that was also supposed to be her fiancé?” He shakes his head. “Completely unrealistic.”
He slept well, all things considering. The silence they have now isn’t a result of tension. They’re just quiet. Wiped clean from conversation.
“I’ll take whatever’s in the bag, if you don’t mind,” Dean answers. Jody flicks open the brown paper bag and Dean fishes out a donut from within. He shoves the honey-dipped ring into his mouth, loudly moaning as he chews. “You’re doing god’s work, Jody. Don’t ever change.”
Nat shrugs with her bad shoulder. “Seen all sorts of plates today. South Dakota. Texas. Minnesota. Even saw a New Mexico one roll by.” That one had been a thirsty beast, dropping an extra eighty in her pocket when the boys driving it wanted a couple jerry cans for some bonfire being planned tonight.
The cop with the ponytail perches an elbow on the coffee table, her smile seemingly ready for a good tale.
Jack crouches over the spray of flour on the floor, a dustpan and hand brush at the ready, waiting offside from the island. He glances up to Castiel, then shifts his gaze toward the speakerphone. “Are you sure this is the right recipe? Castiel and I have followed it exactly three times now, but the dough is still too flaky to roll.”
At first, it’s infrequent enough that Dean tries convincing himself it’s nothing. But then the BEAU bulk emailing group is updated, and Dean’s been dropped out of it by someone with admin privileges. He can only guess whether that means Adler or Bart.
He could stay for a little bit. Just long enough to cook a quick meal with some leftovers. Enough to tide Cas over for a day or two.
But then Cas dropped his messenger bag into what Dean had come to think of as his spot at the table, and pulled out his tablet. It was an item Dean only saw as it related to Cas’ work persona, which Cas made a pointed effort to avoid whenever he was spending time at Dean’s.
Blessedly or not, Hank is saved from having to supply Kurt a response when Suzie’s door rings open again, this time with three girls who come crashing in, and with Two of Them hot on their tails. The girls pause for half a heartbeat, maybe, looking around, and then the one with dark straight hair makes a beeline for the maybe-cops’ table. She’s out of breath as she announces, her tone a touch beneath aggressive-panic, “Deadline’s up and we still don’t have burgers, and the stove’s totally out of commission. Alicia says they can buy us another two hours, maybe, but there’s no way we can—”
Castiel shakes his head, a sharp glance twisted over his shoulder. A quick look confirms that Michael is there behind them, lingering at the cusp of the boardroom, eyes on Castiel. Dean shuts his mouth and follows suit.
When the radio fizzles out, wandering lost between stations, Castiel fishes out from his pocket the cassette tape he’d taken from the truck. He plugs the cassette into the tape deck, earning a raised eyebrow from Dean but nothing more.
Dean flips his hand over without needing to be asked, and Cas slips his fingers through Dean’s fingers. His hand is warm in Dean’s. Comforting. Far better than the embers that have warmed Dean until now.
Dean’s not sure who to thank for the dearly departed—Amara or Cas—but he could make a guess. Only one of them knows Dean’s loved ones inside and out, and has a tendency to cash in all his chips for the Winchester’s sake.
Beside him, the djinn pulls her arm free from Dean’s elbow, and Dean finds himself at a sudden loss, cold and alone in the shadows of the apple trees.
Sam eyes him closer, a look that Dean knows always finds too much. Sam smiles then, nudges Dean with his shoulder. “Know I love you no matter how it turns out, okay?”
“And now that you’re in heaven,” Castiel supplies, “you don’t necessarily have to follow the same rules.”
“He’s not poaching you,” Dean says in a rush. “Not you, or Inias, or Anael. Or Hannah,” he adds belatedly, although she works in the pit downstairs, and it wouldn’t be possible for her to overhear and be offended.
When another moment passed and Cas still wasn’t touching him, Dean moaned and drove his shoulders down lower, his ass slick and wet and
Castiel pushes a hand through his hair, ruffling it. He exhales sharply, then says, calm, “Maybe you should go home. Get some rest.” He touches Dean’s elbow, directing him toward the door. “You’re clearly tired.”
“You okay?” Dean says, quiet. Cas frowns, so Dean flicks his fingers up beside his own face, feigning scratching at his nose.
The djinn queen smirks, her dark eyes bouncing playfully between them. “I gave you a fail safe manner of waking, if I correctly recall.”
“Is everything a joke to you, Winchester?” Novak growls out, all smoke and gravel up in Dean’s face.
Dean doesn’t remember Alex leaving, or Sam throwing blankets over the both of them. Murmured conversations carry from the room’s front entryway, but for all Dean cares the rest of his family may as well be miles and miles away.
“Yeah, well, here we are,” Dean grumbles, turning toward the door. “Just include me next time. Things like this really upset the balance of the team.”
. Because if he’s not willing to talk about this with Sam or Jack, then he’s sure as shit not gonna mince it out with some archangel-loving bastard son of John Winchester who still has his best celestial lifemate right there with him while Dean is—
The short-haired brother looks up from where he’d been leaning against the pump, nodding his recognition. He’s wearing a canvas jacket and work boots, no blood on his jeans today.
Sam sticks him in the side with the demon knife, and although it isn’t enough to kill Alistair, it gives Dean the space he needs to flee.
Dean scrubbed at where he felt Sam’s focus but only felt more rain. His whole body ached, but what else was new. “Yeah, fine. Just ready for this bitch to burn.”
Castiel searches for Dean’s text thread next, and finds it surprisingly low on the recent contacts list. Reading through it, he confirms that Dean’s text log is dead, having fallen silent around the same time Castiel’s messages to Sam go missing. Their call history is scattershot too.
Sam locks eyes with Dean, exchanging another shorthand, bewildered look. The whole night has been a waking nightmare, and nothing continues to make sense. “And that’s … bad, right?”
An angel near the back speaks out. “We should ask God to change the rules for entry into heaven, to remove such troublemakers. Someone so broken should not be allowed in.”
“Help yourself.” The woman gestures to the spread, denoting the sandwich trays as salmon, chicken, and egg salad.
. The radio report seriously dropped off mid-sentence.” Sam huffs a breath, like the thought is too big to hold. “Look, I know I promised I wouldn’t interrupt you guys, but we could use the extra help here.”
As Garth flexes his pipe cleaners, Dean announces loudly, “Oh, god, this is my nightmare,” and spins on his heel, heading for a spot on the bleachers far, far away.
Despite the strange feeling beginning to bubble through him, Castiel nodded slowly, fighting to control the inexplicable need to grin. This was what he needed: a human well-versed in the sexual needs Castiel was attempting. Someone who knew better than he did, who could settle once and for all whether this aspect of humanity was to simply be forever out of Castiel’s reach.
“Deal?” Dean hangs in limbo on that, his heart suspended mid-air. “You made a deal? I thought Lily’s magic would—”
Soon enough, the night is lost to easy company, with Jack and Mary joining Sam and Jody by the fireside. It comes so simply, the laughter and conversation, the banter and snark and smiles. When the fire burns low and Aini comes out to tend the embers, the late hour catches them all by surprise.
Dean glances between Castiel’s hands and face. “You okay?” A sinking feeling hits him; what if his sick days have cost the team something, and Castiel has to break some bad news?
Dean holds him back from one such run, catching the kid by his arm when it’s just the two of them, alone. Jack’s hair is tousled with sweat, his breathing heavy. His baby face has aged in record time, forehead etched with lines that demonstrate just how crushing the last couple days have been for him. Losing Cas, especially, Dean thought, would have been a fatal blow. But some fierce determination inside Jack keeps his back strong, his feet moving. Dean can all but sense the need to help radiating off the kid’s skin.
“I respectfully disagree. Everybody misses you, Dean.” Castiel pauses, staring pensively into his soup. “Even knowing that I’d see you at the end of the day wasn’t much comfort. It’s not the same when you’re not there.”
Dean bites his cheek, mulling the merit of muddying the waters. “Wouldn’t it be smarter to get rid of the token first? Then we could all go in together.”
The porch looks out into a small clearing in the brush filled with flower beds growing wilder than the smaller beds in front of the farmhouse. The trees here are cultivated into neat rows, the beginnings of fruit growing on their branches. Between the trunks, white boxes buzz with what Dean assumes are colonies of honey bees.
Drawn over by the ruckus, Sam appears around the corner from his room, scrubbing his eyes as he walks. He blinks at Dean and Cas’s hand-holding, frowning until his eyes gain focus. “Did the tethering get worse?” he asks, glancing between them.
Sam joins Dean on his feet, whooping loudly as the judges announce Garth’s toss puts him in the lead. Dean whips around and yells “A-ha!” at the doubting shape shifter, who pales under the attention.
Dean beams, his smile turned shyly away. He turns up the heater, kicks the Impala into drive. His hand drops to the bench seat beside him, within arm’s reach. Castiel takes up the offer, winding their fingers together.
“Cut it out,” Dean demanded, as he ducked down beneath another table. It had been three days of slowly simmering tension, which had somehow culminated in shattered glass showering down from above.
“Dude,” Sam hisses back, “you tell me! Cas was going on about how you were in trouble and needed us in here.”
“Wait, it’s from Bart?” Dean scoffs to himself. Bart's stuff automatically reroutes into a folder separate from his inbox. Even with Bart’s promotion, he hasn’t turned off that old rule yet.
They laid quiet together, comfortable. Dean nudged a knee between Cas’ legs and felt himself be welcomed into the space, the semi Cas was sporting now nestled against his own chubbed up cock, resting at the crook of Dean’s thigh.
The girl sighs and brings out her phone. “First thought was forty. Now he’s saying they need another four.”
Castiel yawns through asking, “Can I help you find something?” and the vowels stretch out like warm taffy. He forces himself to stand before he can second guess the benefit of fully waking for the day.
Dean clenches up like a black hole made of lemons just erupted on his mouth. Their lips slide together like hotdogs dragged through spaghetti sauce.
Cas nodded, swallowing thickly. He gripped his bowl in both hands. Dean waited impatiently for him to gather his thoughts; Cas was probably a little addled by all the hormones in flux inside him.
The door was unlocked, as promised. Dean nudged it open with his hip, surprised to find the lights dimmed in a living room immediately inside the door.
Dean shrugs, feigning a punch to Castiel’s shoulder in order to cover how his back bristles. “I mean, if anyone besides you is in the running for too many candles, it’s me.”
A hand is on him in an instant, steadying his shoulder. The crook of an arm comes up behind his head, followed by the press of a cool glass against his shredded lips. “Easy, easy,” Sam murmurs, and Dean starts taking short sips of water, soothing the trapped, dusty feeling ravaging his lungs. Dean chokes a bit, rousing a whole new chorus of pain throughout his body.
Castiel turns around quickly, as if he’s been caught. “As long as you water it. It should have enough light.” He rubs his fingertips together, working at the remnants of dirt on his skin. “Make sure to deadhead it, to get it to flower again.”
“I get that, Dean, I really do.” Sam looks heartbroken, his affection for Dean shining from his eyes. “But that’s not to say it’s the only job you’ll ever love. There are other companies out there. Better companies. People who’ll be loyal to you in return.”
“I’m thinking we could revise the division of labor Bart first imagined for BEAU,” Castiel begins cautiously, turning back to his laptop. “With the first phase closing out, it’s the perfect time to shake things up and make phase two even better. So I’m thinking...” He taps something out onto the keyboard, then turns around his laptop. “Here’s the defect list for phase two.”
“Oh, Dean,” Castiel says sadly, although no one can hear him. He approaches the side of the bed and sits down carefully, two fingers extended.
“Fine,” Dean says cautiously. Bart never calls to check in with the project; he just assumes everything is going smoothly until proven otherwise. Dean lays out a condensed list of the change requests they have ongoing, keeping it clipped and precise.
Dean sits quietly for a moment, his eyes screwed shut, teeth gritted. He counts back from ten twice to regain his cool, and even then he bites his cheeks in an attempt to muffle the shout he wants to scream out about Bart’s latest request.
Dean leans into the hand Castiel has set to sifting through his hair. His body twists in its seat, moving until Castiel is close—closer. He slings an arm around Castiel’s hip, pulls him down. Hauls him between the open vee of his legs until Castiel can only sit on Dean’s thigh.
Castiel answers it by inching closer, abandoning his pillow in favor of Dean’s own. Dean lifts his chin, making room for Cas to tuck his face into the crook of Dean’s neck. His arms drape around Castiel, holding him close, foregoing half of the bed entirely as they wrap themselves up in each other.
“Pants,” he pants out, “off, now,” which Cas happily obliges, his head bumping the van roof as he leans back, stripping his dress shirt off in one fantastic button-spray.
“Let’s get you comfortable first.” Gently, Cas pushed off his bathrobe, and with the two of them swaying like slow dancers, he nudged Dean deeper into the room.
Castiel sighs. His face is flat, difficult to read. “It could have been much worse. But it still was terrible.” His mouth twists into an uneven line. “And it isn’t over yet.”
Dean clears his throat, glancing around the room. “I mean no, uh. That won’t work. He’s, uh—he’s not human. It won’t count.”
A mouth brushes against Dean’s temple. Castiel hangs there, whispering straight into him, “Do you want me to make you some coffee?”
Dean woke in the night to a sudden bout of shivers, his face buried in pillows, hips rutting of their own accord.
Castiel scoffs. “And here I thought the whole point of having an analyst is to allow you developers to work without worrying about big-picture decision-making.” He faces Dean forthright and says, firm, “If Bart was bothering you about decommissioning legacy—something even Michael hasn’t signed off on, by the way—then he was overstepping his bounds by a mile.”
Behind them, the bustling swarm slams an angel over the flaming threshold, its body landing in shrieking flames inside the storeroom.
Dean offers a shaky, boyish grin to Adler, who sits across from him at the conference table, between Bart and Castiel, which—what the hell is Castiel doing here? There’s no way he’s ready to handle this kind of meeting yet.
“They’re benign,” Cas says. “Most frequently known for protecting grazing flocks and their shepherds, or tending to the children left alone while their parents farm.”
When he wakes, he won’t remember the soft smell of Castiel, shower-fresh, leaning in above him, or the offer for coffee. He will only know what he’s lost by the scent that lingers on his skin, on the sheets. By the fresh pot growing stale in the kitchen.
Cas gives an awkward wave to the silent bleachers, wandering away from the shock rippling through the crowd. Even Joyce is at a loss for words as she announces an abrupt end to the game.
Dean scoffs, his face feeling warm for having read it. Who says that kind of a thing to a coworker, especially one they hardly know? Dean’s nothing special.
Dean frowns a bit. “Why’d he be proud? I mean, we threw him a party too. Not like Sammy’s got a lockdown on birthday bashes.”
The scent of rut was all Dean could breathe, this close to Cas. Fear spiked within him in incremental waves, growing smaller, more infrequent, as Dean’s own arousal crawled out from its cautious cave. Cas stirred with one of these spikes, nosing at Dean’s neck. He pulled back, far enough to closely scan Dean’s face. Dean felt himself shying away from the attention, even as Cas asked, “Are you afraid? To be around me, like this.”
Three days in the woods without a laptop or his actual cell phone is pretty much Dean’s nightmare, which is why he triple-checks with the concierge that the cabin he picked out for them has Netflix at bare minimum. Garth, upon arriving in front of his target audience, slathers on the play-acting so thickly Dean feels like he’s wading his way through a late 90’s rom-com, one half of his body now permanently slathered in Garth’s arms or supporting Garth’s head, the barely-restrained glee pitching Garth’s voice up half an octave.
Dean fumbled for the remote, wiping his palms across his jeans before achieving enough grip to hit the power button. He settled back across from Castiel on the opposite bed, his hands flexing atop his thighs.
Sam must know that Dean’s tuning him out because he stops talking. They rest in the quiet together, and when Dean turns off the lamp, Sam allows it.
Dean doesn’t let his routine headaches slow him down, not even when they stop responding to the painkillers he’s chugging throughout the day like clockwork. And when the throbbing pain behind his eyes and in his neck is accompanied by a runny nose, he doesn’t let it bother him. He just eats more oranges and takes a couple medications for staving off colds, which make him drowsy but they seem to be enough to keep the worst of his sniffles at bay.
All Dean has to do is stay a couple hours longer after work each night. If he does that, he’ll stay on top of both his work for legacy, and the dev analysis of phase two and three. It’ll shave a good month off the project, easy, having the development handed to them on a silver platter. Then Castiel and Adler will see how stupid they were to exclude Dean from BEAU in the first place.
Cas sighs, tucking his arms around himself. “The neniven assumed they were helping. The world has moved on, making their original purpose obsolete. So Aini and the others adapted, and took to caring for neglected teens and runaways. They started with the voluntary, then found more through word of mouth.”
, even.” Dean sighed, scrubbing at his face. Into his palm, he mumbled, “Maybe even worth doing again.”
Cas gentled his hands down Dean’s back. He pressed his mouth into the tufts on Dean’s hair, voice sleep-rough and soothing. “I love all versions of you.”
But Sam is shaking his head. “Listen. Just try to get your strength back, okay? We’ll catch you up about—well, everything—when you’re feeling better.”
After a morning of unspeakable horrors that Dean expertly represses, the afternoon event reveals itself to be a communal game for anyone wanting to strut their strength for the crowd.
“Long enough to announce her position to the world,” Dean replies. He heard that part of the plan enough times, too.
“Little early for hooch, ain’t it?” Dean says, flagging his fingers at Cas. Belatedly, he finds his missing shirt filled out by Cas, followed by his second-favorite pair of jeans.
“This isn’t the aunt’s farm,” Sam says, turning to Claire. “Do the official records say a property is supposed to be here?”
Dean shuts the booklet and tosses it to her desk. “No wonder I didn’t get a copy.” Raphael knew he’d flip out, seeing the plan to decommission legacy laid out so openly bare.
Second, his hand escapes its pocket and closes around Dean’s offered hand, pushing something small into Dean’s now closed fist.
“Perfect,” Bart chimes. “I’ll forward you my old contacts with products and implementations. You’ll set him up for me, right? Walk him through all the usual procedures?”
Castiel asks each of Ellen’s people to list every person they knew in life—as many of them as they could remember. On good terms or bad, close or distant relations; every name is needed, no matter how weak their acquaintanceship might be. He and the angels then gather up all the listed souls into a newly-crafted heaven, one scaled more massive than had ever been attempted before.
Staring at his phone, Sam shakes his head. “Theresa Maurier moved away about eight years back, but there’s no record of her house being abandoned or foreclosed.”
The angels set aside a subsection of heaven, drawing down the walls and opening the doors to a select few humans. The hallways disappear, replaced by a world crafted without hardship, molded by the angels into the form of a family home shared for generations by the chosen few.
“Hey, Hes,” Dean says, out of breath. His heart is pounding, loud enough to shake the room. He crosses to the laptop, his back kept toward Castiel.
Dean can’t afford to be thinking of this, like—like he lost something more than his best friend. They don’t have time for him to work through some world-shattering self-revelations, not at this point in the fight.
Dean’s breath clings tight in his chest, refusing to come out. He wasn’t expecting such baldfaced sincerity from Castiel, especially after the blow-up Dean had at him only a few days ago.
Castiel does not look back at his brother, does not even speak until after they’ve escaped the elevator onto the legacy cubicle floor.
“Yeah, man. It’s like good sex,” Ash says, giddy. “Everybody involved has gotta want to get down and dirty, otherwise the whole situation blows.”
Outside the office, on a momentous day not much later, Dean sits in the Impala’s driver seat, tapping his cell phone against his thigh. Thinking.
Dean chose to ignore him in favour of the meal. He set a bowl down on the nightstand, the fork clanging on its edge. Looking around, there weren’t any chairs or low surfaces around that he could sit on. Dean opted to set himself down on the bottom corner of the mattress, one leg up on the bed to keep him steady.
“Oh, god,” Miriam murmurs, “they’re taking us to a body farm. They’re going to murder us and bury us, for science’s sake.”
“Yet,” Dean agrees. Probably not the best rationale to follow, but it’s not like he has any grounds to argue. He’d have done the same thing at Claire’s age, regardless of what Sam or his dad thought about it.
Dean struggles to make room for both his plate and his ass, perching on the edge of Garth’s lap like he’s trying to accomplish the world’s longest wall sit.
The air is gentle and warm, the forest around him alive with dappled sunlight peering through the branches. His head aches, and as he rubs idly at his arms, he finds them overly hot and clammy.
“I’m making you supper,” Dean announced on his trip back to the living room. He kneeled by the couch and waited patiently for Cas to accept the glass, smiling at the way Cas struggled to sit upright, a terse frown marring his face.
Castiel’s expression falls as the silence lingers, Dean’s lack of response drawing the corners of his mouth down. “It can wait, if you have other plans.”
“Uriel,” Castiel says in an endless moment, his brother sitting beside him on a stone bench overlooking a lapping pond. “I am so sorry for how things ended between us.”
Ruby eyes him skeptically, but with a wave of her hand he begins to sketch an idea into the freshly tilled earth, a new scheme unfolding as Castiel begins to speak.
Sighing, Cas drops to a saunter by time he reaches the bottom of the stairs. His gaze disdainfully flits around the frozen chaos of the room. “Don’t kill her,” Cas shouts to Dean. “She’s my wife.”
“Awesome. So we wait for a Nor’easter to hit the Midwest, then haul ass into the county office?” Dean shakes his head, wipes ketchup off the corner of his mouth. “Doesn’t change the fact we won’t find anything when we get there. Every damn record’s been wiped out.”
It reassured Dean, though not by much; alphas were as instinctual post-mating as omegas were, while ramping into heat sex. Cas could be cuddling him with no say beyond his body’s reflexes telling him it was what he actually wanted.
“I’m just—happy,” Castiel responds, when Dean asks him about it, sitting parked as Baby idles, waiting for the car to warm. “I like them, and they liked you. I’m very happy.”
The girl nods, sobering on the silence. “Well, when you move, keep in touch, y'know? I mean, if they’re good to you. If they’re good, then don’t forget them when you’re gone.”
I have a small following, so I appreciate all the response you have given me! Thank you all ❤ I really hope you enjoyed.
“Mm. Yeah, good point.” Dean sighs, staring at the shower. “Christ, the shower here has a bench seat in it. Who needs to sit while they’re—Oh, because there’s six shower heads.
He finds Dean at a salvage yard, of all places, set far beyond the outskirts of town. Sunset is taking place in this fragment of heaven, the horizon a peachy summer hue skimming off a lakefront not far from the road that brought Castiel here.
Dean withdraws quickly from his cozy dozing, over-correcting his position by tipping over in the opposite direction. Cas manages to save him from the worst of it, grabbing hold of Dean’s waist and hauling him upright again.
Castiel must be catching on now, too, because all the fight goes out of him. He leans back in the driver seat, his hands unclasping their rigid grip on the wheel. “I’m sorry that this happened to you. The season shouldn’t have ended this way.”
It took little time for Dean to make room for Castiel atop him, to push off Castiel’s clothes and unzip Castiel’s fly and fit their cocks together. Castiel nipped at Dean’s bottom lip, suckled bruises into the bolt of his jaw. Dean moaned loudly until Castiel stuck two fingers into his mouth and dragged them out sopping wet. Castiel chased the gap they left with a breathless kiss, tongue laving at Dean’s teeth.
Dean lifted a shoulder, feeling suddenly defensive. He didn’t like the feeling, not when everything surrounding him told him he was cared for and safe. “This one’s going better, now you’re here,” Dean conceded, hoping it was enough to change the subject.
Naomi raises a concise explanation as to how the defect should have never advanced to pre-production in the first place.
Cas hums. Dean can’t see his expression, not without grabbing an arm and wheeling him around, but the fact that Cas hasn't faced him speaks more loudly than words.
It can wait. Lord knows Dean has done his own fair share of waiting. It’s only right that Cas should have to experience the same.
Daunted but refusing to bow, Castiel continued to drag his hands across his chest, seeking nuance in the medley of sensations. He knew humans tended to imagine erotic scenarios when attempting self-copulation, and from those imaginings they would heighten their own physical pleasure. With his eyes closed, Castiel rubbed his hands across his navel, seeking out known erogenous zones.
Castiel sucked and licked in manners he had learned from the Sumerians; he gave Dean coquettish looks through his lashes, mimicking the heated stares he had seen one Mesopotamian lover perform on his partner during similar intimacies.
Dean scoffs, a laugh he hardly feels. He thinks abruptly of Mary, and the sorrow comes crashing in again. “She’s gone, Cas.”
Dean’s brows are tight, gaze narrowed to the wooden table resting beneath his fingertips. He looks wrung out and empty, painted in half hues in the hazy late afternoon sunlight. Something about this place has upset him greatly.
Sam’s expression turns thoughtful. “Maybe. Depends what he’s normally like. I mean, he’s better than Bart, you said. From the sounds of it, you guys started off on the wrong foot.”
Dean rolls his eyes and sags down to her height, stepping closer with his arms outstretched. "No need to be jealous, Mir. You know you still have my heart."
“I have to say, Dean, your first meeting flying solo seemed kind of shaky.” Bart laughs. “Are you sure you’re good without me?”
Dean snorts, his grimace hidden by how his head is stuffed into the fridge instead of in front of the screen. “Guy can’t stop bugging me over messaging. He keeps blowing up my phone with stupid questions. S’bad enough I had to silence his contact after office hours.”
As he wakes, Dean lifts his head and blearily surveys the room. His gaze lands on the nightstand, where a bottle of ibuprofen stands starkly against and bottles upon bottles of water. Dean’s tongue turns to sandpaper at the sight of them, so he grabs a water and cracks it open, draining half of it before he pops open the ibuprofen and takes two out of habit. His headache might be gone, but his rapidly-refilling sinuses warn that his cold hasn’t left him yet.
“Hey,” he said, craning his neck around with a soft smile as he lightly jumped down behind the bar. “I think the bartenders – or someone – went to town here before they closed.” He frowned. “Or after, maybe.”
They passed another compound, larger than the one they’d long left behind, and steered well clear. Dean was tense for a day after, determined not to run into any recon groups like the one he’d used to lead. But if Dean saw any of them on his own excursions, he didn’t mention it.
“You can just say you’re uncomfortable with this kind of money-making if you are,” Dean said, kindly not pointing out what the chances were of Cas’s music ever starting to take off. “Like that is still totally cool.”
Cas flinched, and despite the fear h had in looking round, he turned immediately. Dean’s voice had changed again.
There were a few minutes of quiet as they listened to their upstairs neighbour’s dishwasher threaten to shake their ceiling apart.
frustrating to live with?” Dean gave a strange laugh that didn’t suit him and go to his feet as well. “You’re just… Why d’you think I’ve never gotten serious with anyone?”
“As your assistant, I find it flattering you’re subconsciously seeking a stable polyamorous relationship with everyone here,” Charlie said loyally.
Nothing he saw when he turned reassured him of that. They’d dressed him in a big white gown thing in place of him usual ratty jeans, and Dean wanted to find that funny because it should look ridiculous. But that was getting harder to remember when Cas’s eyes were flowing like laserbeams and behind him, making the audience gasp like they hadn’t for Dean –
“Ah-ha,” she said, wandering in and attempting to stop a massive grin from spreading over her face. “We’ve found something you’re not good at,” she said, hugging herself as Sam looked back at her with eyes that were crying out for help.
Cas had a nice place, Dean thought as he stared at the front door. In comparison to how Ruby was living, Cas’s apartment would seem almost working class -  if it weren’t for the price-tag Dean knew was hanging over the area. It was minimalist but not ugly with it. Maybe he liked keeping things simple, humble.
Dean grinned at the road. He was relieved that so far they hadn’t suffered through any long silences, but now every time the conversation ebbed even a little he started worrying that it wouldn’t return. That this would turn awkward, and Cas would start wondering what sort of fuckery he’d signed on for.
He knew which way Dean had set off in and he knew that if he focused and listened that he’d probably be able to pick up on his thoughts. For now, that was all he needed to focus on.
?” Dean yelled, finding that his voice did still work the same as he marched out of his car and back into the carnival, which seemed to be almost ready to pack up and move on again.
He didn’t look for gas. He wandered around a souvenir shop and ended up looking at postcards, imagining for a moment that he was the kind of person who ever would have sent one, or ever gone far enough away to send one. Imagining that he was that person and that there was a functioning postal service around to use.
Dean’s breath actually smelt intoxicating now, and every moment they were on the couch together drinking it seemed like an unspoken rule that one of them had to have at least one hand on the other at all times. It was comfortable and exciting all at once, and Cas was rapidly becoming too drunk to care that he didn’t know how to react to any of it. Because for the first time since the filming, Cas felt back in control.
When she made it back, reluctantly, to her laptop, Ruby noticed Sam had added her on facebook and messaged her the name of the pub he’d mentioned. He’d ended the message with an ‘x’ – which surprised Ruby a little. He hadn’t exactly seemed the type.
Cas looked over, and bit his lip, privately enjoying the sight of how Dean curved his body over the steering wheel, his shoulders suddenly seeming too large and ungainly for the car even though Cas was sure the man was barely any taller than he was. “I think he won’t know if you don’t tell him about it.”
Without clicking on the message, but smiling at it despite herself, Ruby switched tab back to the flights she was definitely booking.
Cas had to bite down on his lower lip to stop himself from smiling. “That works out fine for me,” he said, hoping that it didn’t sound like he’d been thinking about hundreds of different possibilities of how they could arrange them. How all of them appealed, because all of them would enjoy him finally getting Dean to moan out his name the way he had for the dozens of other people he’d been with in the time Cas had been living with him.
– that he wanted. Cas wondered if he’d broken things off with Dean in some misguided attempt to prove himself as someone who could be selfless, someone who could sacrifice.
Sam knew they had to have the dog with them, wherever they were, since he wasn’t instantly greeted with a little excitable ball of white fluff when he reached the bottom of the staircase. It was uncanny, really. The bunker was huge, but Miracle could be on the other end of it and on an entirely different floor and still know exactly when the front door had been opened. Sam caught himself wondering occasionally if Jack hadn’t got them a magic dog of some kind, but then Miracle would beg for a walk exactly like a regular dog and Sam forgot to be suspicious.
Somehow both of them had failed to see the adult male watching them from the corner, who now advanced, claws out and eyes glowing brightly.
Apologies for the longer update time - some things actually happened over the weekend and the sheer shock of that limited my productivity haha
,” Dean snarled. This had to be just a figment of his messed-up mind, still not thinking it was ok, to be happy. If Cas came to find him in Heaven he’d just
Which was fine. She was almost definitely on a flight already. But for some reason Sam still scanned the room for her dark head of hair before looking for his friends. And when he found them they were quick to call him out on not immediately finding them.
Though he’d never been a morning person, Cas was starting to think he could get used to them if this was what they looked like every day.
Dean thought he heard the invitation there, but he barrelled on. He still had a lifetime of questions before he could get to anything else whatever undefined form that everything else might take.
Michael stopped him with a marble arm before Dean’s leap on him could land, and Dean found himself on the ground, his long-broken nose bleeding and covered in dust. His hand curled into the dirt. This wasn’t a fight he was going to win, but maybe…
Leaning back on the couch, Cas crossed his arms. It was forty minutes into the first episode and he was incensed. “It’s all a lie. This isn’t about being blind – which seems like it could be uniquely offensive to those who are – it’s about removing outer contexts. And you need those contexts to tell you who a person is. You don’t learn about someone by a prepared speech they can give you through a wall, you learn about them from how much they tip, how they deal with being sick or in pain, how they speak to other people they’re not so motivated to impress. This isn’t breaking love down to its essentials – its trivialising it into something you can package yourself for.”
“Since I didn’t say I was coming, I can imagine so,” Cas had said, leaning stiffly into his brother’s embrace. He and Michael had never been close, and he’d only felt that gap widen since his father’s death. Michael had taken up the responsibility of feeling like the family leader, and Cas had started feeling like he was, instead, filling his sister’s shoes.
It wasn’t spoken like a cosmic order, but Dean obeyed it like he’d heard one. He felt the light on his face, he heard the garbled screaming, he heard something squelching, and he heard the dull thud of bodies hitting airport carpet.
Dreaming now of the bed he hadn’t been able to stop thinking of for twelve hours, Dean looped back around through a living area back around to the stairs, which he raced up like a kid on Christmas morning. And when he turned the corner…
Taking a few steps down, Sam thrust his hands deep into his pockets. He almost didn’t want to ruin the mood. “I spoke to Jack.”
“Well… I’ve been here… three years? And I think I can only remember that day you took for your aunt’s funeral, so…”
“Whoah, there, show’s over buddy,” he heard Charlie say from the cage next to him. Slowly, Dean sat himself up and looked around his cage. For the first time, he was in there alone.
He was vaguely aware of Dean expressing his confusion behind him as he walked away but he couldn’t listen, couldn’t even breathe until he was in his own room with the door closed behind him.
“And that was with me being pushed out. I think we can assume Jack brought himself here – that he did this to himself.”
Dean hadn’t mentioned finding him again in the compound – but maybe Sam hadn’t made it clear that he could. He hadn’t been there when Dean had needed him most.
“Does this mean I can’t complain about your music choices anymore?” Dean asked when he finished, letting the guitar flop down on the bed.
They stared at each other for another few moments, neither budging or speaking. “I’m really sorry,” he started again.  “Can I… is he going to be gone… long?”
Dean coughed awkwardly and took hold of the wheelchair arms gesturing a question of whether that was ok. “Yeah, I think uh, not sure running’s for me.”
Sighing one last time to remind Sam of his disapproval, Dean watched his brother sling a rucksack over his shoulder. “Well, call if you need back up.”
Cas was still learning and remembering what the “normal” ages for reaching most milestones were, but this seemed fairly young.
“I know what I saw. That sonic blast wave thing Jack used to do – the dog just did that. But as a bark,” Dean added, more sheepish now. “Like…” Dean opened and closed his mouth a few times to make the point.
Slowly, Cas circled back to the end of the couch, getting the full effect of his very naked roommate, now with shining, hard nipples. And a cock that looked as if it had been getting equal amounts of attention.
It really was like trying to drown yourself, Dean thought as the door finally burst open. No matter how much you willed your body to sink, to stop moving, it generally took a lot to keep it from thrashing. Dean was going to keep on thrashing, for now. Hadn’t he always told Sam he planned to go down swinging?
“All the creepy glowy eyes and the big-ass wings and the murder expression. Like my head is still ringing, man.”
A loud shaking of a bush still standing somewhere to the right of them made Sam pause, and glance back at the group. Cas watched him count their heads, their names all forming feverishly on his lips.
“Even if there was some way they had to fix you, you’d need more therapy than I’d know how to provide.”
Dean shook his head, and, apparently satisfied with his outfit, led the charge back through to what would again be their filming room. “We had fun. So you’re a both ways kind of guy, right?”
Dean was confused about a lot but he was sure he wasn’t about to be offered pizza and beers. He was sure that whatever was about to happen was something he’d never really be able to turn back from. That he was walking towards something that he’d just tried to end his life running from.
He raised the walkie to his lips as he squinted to get a better view of the figure in the early dawn light. “Thanks, Jo. He’s right in front of me. I’ll let you know when I need you.”
“There wasn’t any room for “just” there. I left the family. So…” Cas looked away. “So I left. None of them had any money anyway.”
“I know.” Sam nodded towards the side of camp he’d sent all his best fighters. “Downwind, right?” He watched the monster’s expression freeze a little and gave a smile of his own. “Figured you all seem to rely on your noses so much – you’ve probably learnt to rely on that, right?”
“That Singer, the writer, hated the direction Turner was taking the movie. But when it actually cleaned up critically -”
“No,” he growled, still looking at his brother’s slack, empty face. They’d said they’d be normal now, that they’d let things happen as they came up – but this wasn’t something Sam could live with.
Cas was fine. And Sam was fine, though he’d probably never cut his hair without Dean there to nag at him. Yeah, and his eyesight would probably start going when he hit sixty, all that staring at small screens on dark nights –
Though his brain told him to watch the road, as Cas forced the car off the road and straight into a tree, all Dean could do was look at the angel’s face, and watch his lips as they curved into a wicked little smile.
Starting to chew, Cas pointed at his now comically swollen neck glands. “I really do hope not, Dean.”
It was also just like the place Cas had met one of his ends. Cas, who’d finally made a Heaven the way he wanted it. Who’d “be along”.
No one was pleased about the arrangement. They had an ominous promise that they would be followed handing over their heads, they were fleeing home without the samples they’d be saying they’d be bringing home with them, but they were taking two very small non-verbal children and a man it had taken six of them to subdue, and not without injury.
“Spare me. I’m serious though. Clearly, this job makes you unhappy. How do you make yourself happier?”
“I don’t need friends. I have underlings.” At Dean continuing to stare him down with only some amusement, Crowley eventually broke and looked away. “But sometimes underlings become dull.”
Sam coughed again and looked back down at his own plate which he’d scarcely touched. “Just… I know you don’t know anyone here, so… well if you’re
But just because it didn’t need to be the first thing he said didn’t mean that Cas wasn’t going to say it.
Which was ridiculous. Anna was right: he and Dean didn’t even usually talk. Until recently, Dean had worked shifts, and Cas had worked irregularly, and despite Anna’s teasing, they did have many of their own friends. It could sometimes be days without them seeing one another. And the traces Dean did leave behind were annoying. He was more likely to have friends over, and they weren’t always quiet or considerate. Dean seemed to have a knack for blasting the radio in the kitchen
His sister Anna had said that they were all a death cult of crazy people, and had ran away from home when Cas was twelve.
The compound was safe. That was for sure. The outside world was apocalyptic and unfixable, but in here things stayed safe.
“Sam? He’s lucid, but he might still be… confused. And he’s still hungry. So…” In the dim light of the campfires, Sam watched his friend’s face become pinched, like the words leaving his mouth were causing him physical pain. “Don’t… don’t take everything he says at face value.”
“Amazing. Well, you were right. You might have found me alive, but it’s not really me. I’m different. And you’re kidding yourself if you think there’s going to be any happy ending to any of this.”
Stupid big blue eyed dork with his glasses that didn’t fit him properly and kept slipping down his nose. Every time,
“I don’t wanna hear it,” Dean growled. “I don’t want to hear about your nice little fiancé back home. I don’t wanna hear that you’re sorry, or that you think about me at night. It’s too late for any of that. Just -”
“Hey,” Sam said, taking a risk and reaching for Cas’s hand. “I wasn’t trying to go in for an interrogation here. Just… we’re probably the closest things we both have to knowing what we’re both going through. I mean, I know for me -” Sam huffed a laugh. “It’s taken so damn long but we’re finally close. This time tomorrow, we could get some sort of…”
It turned out that the guy behind the counter recognised Sam, which Sam seemed bashful about, and they sat in to have their chips with kebab and curry sauce. Ruby ignored her date for a full 10 minutes as she had what she felt might be a religious experience.
Almost twenty-four hours and only one major delay later, Ruby landed into Edinburgh, and found that the local taxi drivers did not seem keen on driving up the coast for an hour or so, but after some convincing, she managed to find one who was persuadable. It was sleeting outside, and Ruby, having never had to use that verb in her life or having had enough sleep recently to be interested in experiencing it close up, was not vibing making her way north on several different methods of public transport.
Ruby had always hated waiting in doorways. The invention of cell phones had nearly eradicated this situation for her until now when for some fucking reason she’d decided that surprising someone who was basically a one night stand
There were maybe three metres between them, nothing huge. But no distance had ever felt so daunting to cross. Maybe Cas had been right to give him all that time. Apparently, it still hadn’t been enough for Dean to know what to say, what to do around him.
Cas laughed, and realised that his eyes were starting to sting. He’d literally taken a butt plug out of Dean’s ass the day before and found it less embarrassing.
Cas blinked and stepped back, surprised. He had been so sure they couldn’t understand him. Had they been human once, like Dean, or did their people use human languages more than Cas had expected?
Dean was more relieved than he’d want to admit that Cas looked normal again. Like there was that scruffy, human guy that Dean had started to consider a friend and not something untouchable, unknowable, alien.
Dean treated him to a blast of that formidable Winchester smile, which was even more effective when applied this close. “Aw, buddy, y’gotta know it’s too late to worry about that.”
Keeping his eyes on Dean’s face, Cas lowered himself to a crouch. “Do you know who they’ve sent? What they’ll do?”
Then, without even taking his laptop, Cas retreated to his bedroom, and immediately leant back on the door for support.
“The… the point is,” Dean said as he sat down back at his kitchen table, thunking down a bottle of whiskey in front of Crowley, “is… that I don’t care.”
It felt somehow right that Bela was, secondhandedly, the cause of this new, bizarre rift between them.
He was definitely doing something productive with one of the tabs open on his laptop and definitely not concentrating on the screen.
“Keep in touch,” Dean added in at the end. Everyone was safe, everyone was fine, no one was leaving him. But alone at the edge of the road, it was harder to shake the weird feeling he’d had for days that something wasn’t right. It was like waking up from a dream and remembering the feeling but not the details. He just didn’t have the words to shape it into yet.
“What, you curfewing me now?” Dean stood up, smiling at the ground. “You don’t have to worry about me anymore. You and yours kinda saw to that.”
Slamming his hand down on the radio next to the giant bed, Dean eventually found a station playing something cheerful and Dean managed to get himself up, whistling along as he did so.
The third hour of rolling nausea just about does Dean in. He pulls over at a c-store under the guise of needing fuel, then pops inside, grabbing a bottle of antacids and an iced coffee to wash a handful down. The air conditioning inside the building is out, leaving the hapless attendant to sweat out the day’s heat between the cross-breeze of two competing fans. Dean catches a hint of the air current as he pays, the brief moment lifting the sweat from the back of his neck.
Cas shrugs, and says, impassive, “It was my initial impression of the boy with the demon blood. I suppose he’s gotten better since then.” He sets down Dean’s art and begins to review Garth’s painting, mouth twisting unhappily. “He got the color of your eyes right.”
“Hate to say it, but yeah.” Pamela slaps a hand down on Castiel’s shoulder, grinning. “Sorry, buddy, but if you’re fixing heaven, you have your work cut out for you.”
Dean shook his head, turning onto his side, facing away. Castiel didn’t accept the brush-off blithely; he wrapped his arms around Dean once more, one hand settling on Dean’s chest, the other on the softness of Dean’s belly.
He then checks his work email as a distraction to the quiet, and drafts replies to a couple messages in his inbox. He can send them in the morning, when the timestamp won’t incriminate him in his workaholic ways. It’s fine. It’s a way to pass the evening productively. He doesn’t have anyone else to embrace his attention.
Realization dawning, Dean scoffs to himself. Raph might not have given Dean the title and prestige that comes with it, but he’s effectively made Dean the SA anyway.
Dean swallowed around an uneasy feeling. His fingers found Cas’ hair. “D’you… I mean, I know becoming human wasn’t the plan, but d’you—”
The humans from the last test have been ushered back to their private heavens. For this one, Castiel chose people he could count on to subvert their attempts at perfection.
Anger licks up inside Dean, igniting the fuel in his blood. “Yeah,” he says, shaky even as he tries to smooth his voice, to clear it of all emotion. “When did Bart announce this? How long has it been making its way down through the pipes?”
, Dean realizes with a jolt—Michael is one of two siblings he’d seen crowding Cas in a framed photograph in Castiel’s room.
,” Dean growled back. The flashlight swung in their direction, and Dean caught a searing eyeful of the beam. He held up his hands until Cas dropped his angle to the ground. “What are you doing out here? Thought we said to wait in the car.”
The face scrub tingles as Dean uncaps the jar and rubs a handful on his cheek. “Great. So we got nothing.”
, Dean kept telling him, gripping Castiel’s hips and rocking against him, Castiel landing with these heady thuds that left Dean shuddering and scarcely satisfied.
Castiel’s skin is bronzed by the sunlight blazing down on the clearing, his torso bare and gleaming with sweat. Even his hair hangs in wet curls around the crown of his head, clinging to the curve of his ears, the flat of his brow.
“I don’t need more time off.” Dean stares studiously at the mug he fills with coffee, careful not to spill a single drop.
Still, despite Dean’s pronouncement that he doesn’t want them, Castiel manages to convince him to take home a bundle of daisies, if only because one of Dean’s misguided coworkers bought him an
Set within a high rise comprised of fancy condos, Castiel’s apartment was everything Dean dreaded and more. He waved awkwardly at the doorman guarding the front entrance, feeling out of place as he was allowed into the elevator and punched his grimy, callused thumb into the button that would take him up to Cas’ floor.
Sam and Mary come inside to open talks with the kids, so Dean hikes back across the field—outdoors, this time—to catch up Jody and the others on the predicament in the house. Jody’s expression turns grim the longer she listens, the conversation ending when she wanders off to make a phone call. Dean drafts Max and Alicia into driving their vehicles inside the yard’s shelterbelt, parking along the grass beside the lane.
Dean chews through his cud of steak. “It’s because you were dead. Uh, the first time. No, wait.” He snaps his fingers. “It was the second.”
Dean keeps glancing between his tablet and his book. It doesn’t seem like Dean’s heard him, except Castiel notes the tension in his shoulders, newly formed.
“Will he…” Dean stops. Swallows. He’s back in the orchard, cupping Cas’ dirty cheek in his hands. “Will he know which dream we’re in?”
Castiel matched the pace he was observing, moving his hand dutifully in time to Dean’s own ministrations, pausing only when Dean tossed the lotion bottle over to Castiel.
It wouldn’t be so bad if his devs hadn’t stopped coming to him with their questions. Miriam and Inias now reroute most of their issues into emails with Castiel.
Dean takes the loss and settles into Castiel again, their arms and legs brushing together in the cramped back seat.
Ahead, Dean spies a tan trench coat, sprawled forgotten among the cool roots of the trees. Shapes move beyond the treeline, colors flickering across his vision.
The small, soft joys of life are precisely what he must bring into heaven. Castiel mustn’t forget the details. If heaven someday captures even a fraction of the unbridled joy residing in his heart, Castiel will count himself an accomplished man.
, from the safety of the hallway. Ryan turns bodily toward Maggie, masking the middle finger she fires at her friend in retaliation for her abandonment.
She tacks the question on like a courtesy, so Dean keeps it simple, avoiding the in-depth conversation it could muster. He pushes a smile into his voice. “Nah, back out on the road with Sam. We’re helping Claire with something a little weird, so we won’t be home for awhile yet.”
Castiel’s expression scarcely shifts, save for a twitch at the corner of his mouth that wrinkles the corners of his eyes. Dean wouldn’t have caught the change if he weren’t watching for it. It’s… kind of cute, all things considered.
Dean winces. “Not what I meant. Just—here, come over.” He waves Castiel over to the empty target, drawing a hatchet out from the small barrel beside the throwing line. “Line up, like you normally would.”
“It’s not really though. More like a false—” Cas frowned, blinking hard. Abruptly, his gaze cleared. “But it’s making you uncomfortable. Oh, Dean, I’m sorry. I just owed you an explanation, and I thought—”
“Oh, I know, I just want to get into character.” Garth winks at Cas, tugging Dean tight to his side. “Besides, ain’t he cute as a peach when he gets a little blush on him?”
of my summoning. I was bequeathed the ring after Billie…” He clears his throat. “Anyways. Better the devil you know, I suppose. I don’t want anything to do with them, and I could keep things quiet for them with my absence.”
His face softens. “Yeah, no, I get it.” He shuffles a moment, deciding. “You’ll call her to tell her I’m coming?”
“Right?” Anael licks clean her stir stick, then tosses it into the trash. “Apparently he argued that the exclusivity contract Cas signed prevents him from working in administration for two years—which is an overreach, if you ask me.”
, among other sickening things. Dean nods at his fellow retreat couples as they walk by, who all seem equally amorous with their partners, holding hands and giving gooey grins at each other.
“Eight,” Novak continues behind him. “Latest statistics show eight penalties occur per league game. And how many did you receive today, Winchester?”
“Apparently not,” Anael’s hands flutter as she talks, rising before they strike down, landing roughly on her hips. “Don’t give me that look. Do you even check your emails? Why haven’t you been responding?”
Sam’s shadow crossed the headlights, catching Dean’s attention. He thumped into the backseat and shook out his hair, carding his fingers through limp bangs. “Alright, the gate’s locked up. Let’s get back to the room. I call dibs on the first shower.”
Dean tetches. “I worked at a car dealership before I started here. Jumped ship between a couple other minimum wage jobs before I fluked out and landed in the help desk pit for our company.”
“Heaven will be remade,” Castiel informs the chorus. “It is Jack’s wish that humanity no longer be kept in personal heavens, excepting those few soulmates whose heavens were made to be shared. Instead,” he continues, “we must create a new, open heaven. One where every soul is capable of visiting any other, should they wish. A paradise for all.”
Dean makes a wavering hand gesture Castiel chooses to interpret as agreement. He shuts the bedroom door and gives Dean privacy to change.
As a coworker, Dean is sad to be losing a great colleague. As a friend, he’s happy Castiel is moving on to better things. But as… something more? Something that they could be? Or could have been?
“So why’re you so mad?” Dean blurts, even though it’s inaccurate. Castiel doesn’t seem pissed that Dean was nice to the kid, he’s just…
Cas’ hands ran along the planes from Dean’s hips to Dean’s shoulders, rubbing up and down his back until finally settling on his ass. He gripped two meaty handfuls and plunged Dean’s hips downward, harder, his own pelvis rising to rock in tandem with Dean’s.
“That I wasn’t there.” Castiel’s expression falls as he says it, puddling into a pout. Dean would say it’s cute if Castiel didn’t look so crestfallen, crushed by missing Jack’s first birthday… Well no,
“Condolences.” Dean listens to Cas’s breathing. “If it seems like nothing’s wrong, you could always call it off.”
The trucker cap guy, Bobby, stands from his and Mary’s table, and begins rapping loudly on his glass, calling the room to attention. The crowd silences in fits and spurts until it’s quiet enough for Jody to speak.
He imagines Dean and Sam inside the bunker, and by imagining it Castiel can sense them the same way he can sense the birds and crickets and wildgrass thrumming around his mind, the radiant cacophony of
“I know,” Castiel says fondly. “I believe you. And you can say everything you need to say the next time we meet. If you still want to. Because we will, Dean. We
Once upstairs, Miriam and Inias escape to their cubicles, leaving Dean on his own route back to his desk.
For their next trial, Castiel summons the entire remaining host to support their second attempt at opening up heaven. Creating something new takes vastly more effort than replicating memories, and so he requires all their strength, their grace, to manifest the nuanced possibilities that this new kingdom hopes to achieve.
With a quick phone search, Castiel verifies that Dean must be dying, that his persistent refusal to stand upright is a symptom of a terminal disease that is only surfacing now. Typing the rest of Dean’s symptoms into the search bar confirms nothing but his worst fears thrice over. Castiel’s hands start shaking with nerves.
Dean huffs. He focuses on the water running into the sink in the coffee cubby, staring at the soapy rag he’s pushing around his mug. “Can’t imagine what you’re working on so late,” he says. “Seems like you were on top of everything this morning.” He switches off the tap, the sink growing quiet and still.
Something he gleaned from a picture ages ago, propped up on a dresser across from the foot of his sickbed.
Dean flattens his single sheet of paper onto the table. Somehow it looks more pathetic than if he’d brought no paperwork at all.
But it is clear to Castiel that this isn’t the final solution. What they have built will not be enough to satisfy the entire world.
Cas shrugs again. “Being human is more pleasant than the alternative. I’ve suffered far worse than migraines and the necessary upkeep of dental hygiene.”
The kitchen inside is… normal, if plain. No cobwebs or dust, only gentle signs of wear. Mismatched coats and shoes on a mat by the entryway. Dishes dry in the rack beside the empty sink, fruit ripens in bowls on the counter, and a mound of hard, homemade bread sits half-eaten on a cutting board. The late afternoon light shines through scummy windows, but otherwise the place is neat and clean. Ordinary, with an outdated stove and refrigerator.
“Alright, you can open them now,” Castiel says, like Dean has no idea what’s coming to him, even though the scent of freshly baked pastry hangs like clouds in the air.
“Are you kidding me?” Anael says. “Do I look like someone that either wants or needs an axe throwing skill?”
The pump clicks off while the brother’s puzzling through what it all means. He fetches it, hangs it back on its hook almost absently. His phone then blurps in his pocket, pulling him back to reality. He sets a hand to the coat’s lining and then draws it out, quick as a magician. Whatever message he finds, it makes him sigh with a dramatic flare. “Damnit, Sammy, whatever you’re doing …”
“Are you kidding me?” Dean says, grinning up at him around a chocolate mouthful. “You did great, just… why?”
Dean bristles at the reminder, the flash of the camera as Dean was carted away. Only idiots would pick a fight mid-season at a gay bar, but apparently Dean is one of them.
As it is, Dean collects Anael on his way toward the elevator, the pair of them exiting the legacy floor together. Upward button pressed, Dean spares one last glance toward Castiel’s office, seeking comfort, but his office is disappointingly empty, the way it’s been all morning.
Dean’s pissed Castiel off again, he must have, but as he watches Castiel struggle, Dean realizes the fight’s coming over something clearly uneasy for Castiel to say.
Dean shuffles down the side of the Impala, nudging Sam with his shoulder. Sam moves aside, giving room for Dean to pull out his suit and duffel bag from where it'd been sandwiched into the backseat footwell. “You got a double?”
started happening, they sideswiped me with an HR representative explaining that I would be removed from the services override list. That my part in your pro bono contract was over, and I wasn’t going to be meeting you anymore.”
Dean catches the distant echo of his brother like it’s coming underwater. He runs for it, rushing. Tripping. Falling. Struggling, his grip death-tight on Cas…
on the function of the legacy project: what they do and how the system works; what kind of information Castiel will need to gather in order to keep dev working on their update requests; what analysis he’ll need to provide to help QA keep their maintenance operations running smoothly.
Cas cracks a smile at that, just this limp twist of a wet dishrag, but the sight’s enough to wring some warmth into Dean. There are fresh hollows beneath Cas’ eyes, bruises that speak of emotions that shouldn’t have been capable of carving their way through an angel, except they have, and they did.
Dean never asked for them to show up, yet somehow he’s been roped into caring for them, ensuring that the vases Castiel has put them in are filled with water, and that the drooping petals have been swept from the countertops into the trash. Castiel asks whether Dean wants to bring any of them home with him, but Dean resoundly says no thanks. It’s not like he wants to partake in the joy of transporting them in Castiel’s cramped car, footwells filled with vases sloshing on every bump and turn. Castiel can throw them in the trash for all Dean cares.
“Dean,” Cas said, touching at Dean’s hips. His own body stilled as he coaxed Dean to pause as well, gentle but firm in his resistance to Dean’s thrusts.
Dean feels the shape of it, now that it’s been summoned out into the open. That mewling, tiny thing he’s refused for years to hold.
. If all these people are there at once, there’s gotta be a story behind it. What are they celebrating, and who are these Winchesters—”
“Aww, shucks.” Dean ducks his head down. He taps his wet boot against Castiel’s. “Careful, or I’ll think you like me.”
Eyes widening, Dean paws at his chest and hips for a device that isn’t there. “Hey.” He nudges Castiel with his foot. “My phone. Is it charged somewhere?”
Dean drops his hands, blinking. He chokes back a low sound, pain grasping thickly at his throat. “Cas? Is that really you?”
Dean listens to his heartbeat, now roaring in his ears. For a month he’s waited so, so patiently for Cas, and he’s been
"Hm." Dean hopes his disinterest is enough to throw Miriam off his scent. But considering the updates Castiel gave about on the BEAU project, Dean can put the puzzle pieces together well enough to know what’s coming next.
Cas steps in, shaking his head. “No. This token is better protected than the others. If it could take out an angel, it could easily harm a nephil—”
Dean balks, his shoulders ruffling. “Not sure what you mean, Dr. Leahy. Must just be the lighting here.” Other than a low-grade headache, his usual end of day partner, he’s not feeling particularly unwell.
Dean adjusts his mental calendar for the month, updating the point where Castiel’s mettle has been proven to a couple weeks sooner than his previous estimate.
“C’mon, Cas, c’mon—” Dean was chanting again, his eyes closed and his head tilted back. His lips shone wetly on the makeshift prayer.
“‘m fine. It’s just the Benadryl. Makes me drowsy.” He paws at Castiel, pushing him away. As if to show how ‘fine’ he is, Dean grabs his jacket and foists it on, his arms swinging wide as he pulls them through the sleeves. He finishes the task, albeit it with a crooked collar, and his shirtsleeves bunched up uncomfortably at the elbows. Castiel reaches for them, but Dean is on the move before he can manage to help straighten them.
“Dean’s right. It’s not a cash bonus. They’re planning a skill building event for us instead.” Castiel clicks at his laptop, then rotates the computer around so Dean and Miriam can see it.
When his vision sharpens, he realizes the two men are turned with their backs facing toward him. They wear jeans and dark canvas jackets; one has long hair, the other short. The one with short hair keeps touching his face and fidgeting, rocking from foot to foot. Their coats and collars keep the most discernible details about them at bay.
Dean swiveled in place, as if he could just turn around and find Cas standing near. “Yeah, it’s me. Are you okay? You sound like crap.”
Once Castiel has packed away the leftovers from supper, he and Dean retire to separate ends of the couch in the living room, both of them sitting with their laptops opened in front of them.
“Ain’t she a beauty? It’s our mobile casa, amigo!” Garth proclaims. He pats the side panel fondly with a giddy grin. “Booked us a campsite off the lake. Brochure says it’s got a real nice view.” Slinging an arm through Dean’s, he adds, “And it’s got hardly any neighbors nearby,” his eyebrows wagging suggestively.
“Is it possible,” Castiel begins carefully, “that you could lend us your strength to sustain our new heaven? With your power, we could do anything.”
“Of course.” Dean pushes a smile into his voice. “Oh, and sir? Do you know anything about the new hire? Are they an internal transfer, or did Raph hire somebody from—”
Dean swings his legs over the side of the bed, and relinquishes his grip on the blue comforter when he spies a bathrobe nearby, fluffy and freshly washed, that he pulls on to keep warm. He ties the knot loosely around his stomach and, stuffing a water bottle into the robe’s pocket for good measure, goes to see where the door leads beyond the hallway.
There’s a long text log from Sam, dating back several weeks. His messages start out pleasant, but grow increasingly worried over a series of days before dropping off. Oddly, Castiel’s responses are absent from the thread.
“Cas,” Dean says. “No. Here’s what’s gonna happen: you’re not gonna apologize, and I’m not gonna say it was a mistake.” He licks his lips. “I am sorry, though. I shouldn’t’ve waited so long to tell you. And I shouldn’t have taken it out on you when you didn’t want to stay.”
“Dean, look, I know you like giving every job your all, but you don’t need to put your heart and soul into this position.” Sam cuts off Dean’s attempt to interrupt, continuing, “You’re not the boss, or an entrepreneur. You can take a step back. Let go of the work a bit.”
Castiel planted his hands upon Dean’s waist, holding him so firmly Dean could find no purchase to frot against him. “You don’t want this, Dean,” Castiel reminded. “This wave of your heat is merely cresting. I can smell it on you.”
“Icebreaker games?” Dean asks, uncomprehending, as Garth jostles his arm and squeals, “Icebreaker games! C’mon, honey, let’s ditch our bags and get back here pronto.”
But as the hours tick on and Dean’s office light is still left on, Castiel is ready to call his plan another crippling disappointment—if Dean doesn’t want to see him, and is in fact waiting for
“You’re really good,” Castiel tells him, after Dean manages another ten-point strike. They’re up by only four points, and in danger of going over fifty should Miriam manage to make another bullseye after him.
A demon smokes out inside the room, then another. There’s too many to keep from overwhelming the barrier of flames.
He is afraid to turn around, but when Dean does, Castiel is there waiting for him—standing too close, as is his wont. His gaze is hooded, his eyes a heavy blue as he looks up through his dark lashes. His face is a stormcloud once again.
“Won’t make it,” Dean panted, his teeth grazing the column of Castiel’s throat, the heat of his breath seeping through Castiel’s collar. His hand dragged upward along Castiel’s inseam, his nails scratching over thigh meat the closer he came to his goal.
“So how do you know each other?” Dean asks, motioning between Cas and Victor, and so Victor regales them with some convoluted story involving an absent TA and a downed computer network, something where Cas got called out from the administration office to try and help out.
“I hope so,” Castiel answers honestly. “I want to make what’s best for humanity. We won’t get there without making mistakes.”
He doesn’t say this, though. Just lets Sam’s ‘you’ll make amends’ talk wash over him, nodding along because Dean gets it, he really does, he just wishes it were different. If he keeps waiting, it might be different.
The front room is empty, the kitchenette too. Dean calls out and the bathroom door slides open, revealing Patience, her hoodie pinched over her nose. She looks shaky and uneven, leaning heavily against the door jamb.
They don’t know how long they have before the first wave of resurrections come for them. Michael occasionally scouts the perimeter, but whatever creatures are out there remain far away for now.
Dean’s head thumps onto the mattress, and he wakes rapidly, chest heaving, his body askew beneath his blankets.
Dean finds his arms have moved without his volition, coming to rest on Castiel’s sun-warmed shoulders, forearms curving in a loose hug around his neck. The two of them cling together like that, the weight of Dean’s heartbeat shared where his chest touches Castiel’s.
Dean shrugs with more bravado than he’s feeling. “I’ve just been making shit up as I go. Never expected to make it far in the NHL anyway. Should be glad I even got the chance to play.”
“There is,” Jack says, nodding. He looks to Castiel. “You may go to the Empty. Return with as many of its occupants as you like.”
Dean seated himself along the tub, reached behind to shut off the water. He touched his knees, second-guessing, then reached for Cas, hooking a hand around the back of his neck, curving him in until their foreheads pressed together.
He tries to sit up. It’s not possible; the pain in his abdomen tells him this right away. Failing that, he tries to raise his hand and call for attention. When that does not work, he tries inhaling deeply. And when that also does not work, he settles in for a fit of wracking coughs.
“—and I must always be ready should they need me,” Cas finishes. “But when they don’t… I want to be here with you. If you’ll still have me, that is.”
Raph extends a benevolent hand, so Castiel stands with his portfolio, and begins reciting his report.
Dean’s hand flexes. He sets the cup down in the drying rack more sharply than he should. “I’m fine handling it.”
Dean stiffens, realization striking at the same time Cas archly says, “So I could have killed you and Dean, if I’d woken up earlier?”
He remembers black blood spilling out from his mouth and Dean frowning down at him, unable to meet his gaze.
during the meeting, so much smoother than he ever seems while he putters around the office. He had an answer for everything Raphael was looking for, his fingers resting on the pulse of every system the department heads were seeking.
Dean blushed, hating the reminder that his body frequently made his needs so wholly transparent. His heat rose on a sudden wave of self-hatred.
There’s no witness list, no people of interest. Dean has nothing to go off from beyond the information stuck in the other three’s heads.
Castiel glances back as the rest of them filter in around the conference table. His shoulders are atypically hunched in, making him appear smaller than he should.
“When I couldn’t,” Cas continues, lips trailing across Dean’s cheek, “I thought I had found a loophole. That to be close to you, to love you at a distance, it would be enough.”
Then, when the day is done, Dean goes home and connects to his workplace VPN, guilt fueling his compulsive need to get back on top of his defect list. He fixes defects until his eyes ache and his head throbs, when the late hour finally forces him to bed.
Ricky smiles through the joke, but Doug frowns briefly. “No, you’re right. I should grab one too, maybe, if Garth’s gonna …” He thinks it over a moment longer, then adds with finality, “Yeah, a cow heart too, if you have one.”
There’s a light on yet in one office, one that makes Dean scowl when he places its source. If he squints hard enough, he can see a mop of messy dark hair moving behind the blinds, Castiel’s head bobbing as he glances from his computer to the handwritten (
"Okay. Cool." Dean nods. He feels like his fever is back again, with how his face is heating up. He clears his throat, motions backward with his head. "C'mon, then. Let's... go."
Dean tucks himself into his office for the rest of the day and throws himself into debugging. It helps keep his mind off just how much the P&I meeting was a disaster that morning. Even so, the all-consuming nature of development is not enough to keep Dean from revisiting his fuckups every chance he gets, worrying at it like a loose tooth.
The speakers suddenly screech overhead, and MC Joyce’s voice beams out an announcement about the morning classes, stating they have fifteen minutes to get to their allotted locations. Sam and Cas both pull out matching schedules. Dean frowns over Cas’s shoulder and sees a half-dozen options available for each time slot throughout the day.
Dean has to push Castiel back in order to hastily stand. He stumbles away from the couch, hands trembling as he answers his phone.
Cas leans back, suddenly subdued. A blush works its way up Dean’s neck without his volition. Sam gives them both a curious look, to which Dean replies with a
The dish Castiel sets before him looks delicious, bits of mushroom and sausage nestled among the massive noodles. The green bits, upon initial nibbling, turn out not to be spinach but—
“—right here, if you would just talk to me,” Alicia finishes, hefting her backpack onto one shoulder. “Really humanizing, by the way. Thank you for that.”
Dean can’t catch feelings for Castiel. He just can’t. He cannot get involved with a coworker, especially the first one who is technically his friend.
“We’re mapping the radius of effect,” Patience says. “Maybe there’s a weak spot somewhere in the perimeter that we can get past, start our research. We need as much help as we can get.”
The retreat turns out to be buried deep within one of Wisconsin’s endless forests, the dirt road belching them out into a tiny meadow reminiscent of every shitty campground John ever took them to as children. At the far end of the parking lot a sunny welcome sign directs visitors to the check-in building, which reveals itself to be a nightmarish mix of rustic-meet-snobby-minimalism, all high-end chrome and polished cement with log cabin walls. A few cars are already parked near the entrance, while a few more drive in after them. It has the makings of a busy weekend to come.
“See? Fine.” Dean thumps uselessly at his laptop, slamming it shut too forcefully and then almost dropping it on its trek into his messenger bag.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Yeah, but doesn’t that smell dangerous to you? I mean, if they have these kinds of spells in their arsenal, who says they won’t have something even stronger in there?”
Vaguely, Dean recalls Bart emailing him a while ago, asking him to take over the reporting required for the monthly overview. Normally, Bart compiles the numbers and sends them off to Adler, but since Bart is gone and Dean has taken on the brunt of SA, then...
Chuck’s smile is all teeth. “What d’you say, guys. Want me to make this easy on you? Or would you rather the horde tear you limb from limb?”
When the books show no leads Dean leaves them to it, slinking off to the showers, his headache blooming now that their liquor reserves have finally run out. He turns on the faucet and stays beneath the icy spray until shivers overtake him, his entire body one big bruise that will not heal. Only once he feels his most miserable does Dean towel off and pour himself into bed.
It doesn’t bode well for his position in the bunker. Castiel would’ve thought he’d have more belongings here, if this room were any sort of permanent address for him.
But Castiel has dawdled long enough on this reunion. He sheds his hiding place among the brush, stepping out into the light.
“You’re gonna be sorry you asked for that,” Bobby tells him, looking over his shoulder at Ellen and the rest.
Even with his instincts on high alert, it caught him by surprise when Cas entered the kitchen. Coming up too-close behind Dean, still wrapped in that faded grey comforter from neck to ankles.
Dean hangs his head. “I can’t—” He scrubs a hand over the back of his neck. Dean wants to shy away, but Castiel’s gaze holds him pinned in place. Lamely, Dean says, “I don’t know how to control how I feel.”
When Dean opens the desktop version of the app he uses for calling Sam, he’s hit with a barrage of chat notifications streaming in—all of them with Sam’s name attached.
Castiel waits for an answer, but Dean is already dozing in his seat, his chin tucked down against his chest.
Sam sips at his drink without looking up from his laptop. “I think Claire’s onto something when she says it’s affected by the weather. I took a look at the routes you’ve been driving, checked how they’ve updated after Patience’s transcribing. The perimeter remains roughly the same shape, but it shifts with the direction the wind is blowing that day.”
“No,” Dean agrees, “but that’s not our problem, is it? I mean, it was web services who dumped this whole BEAU project onto us in the first place.” He leans forward, forearms planted on the edge of the desk. “Think about it. Raph won’t care about the details. He’ll just be happy that we’re moving ahead of schedule. So that’s the biggest roadblock down.” He folds down one finger, quickly followed by another. “Then, all we got to do is take the updated ETR to Dumah and get her to sign off on it. She might have to pull another QA in from her department, but if it’s what Raph wants they’ll just have to figure that out.”
“C’mon,” Dean says, tugging Castiel’s sleeve to turn him around. “Something’s bugging you. Would’ve thought you’d be happy we—uh. We’re on good terms with Jack again.”
“It isn’t, I just—” Castiel exhales sharply. “My faculty is hiring, and if we run into my boss, I want you to have the best shot at getting—”
The call stretches in a puzzled pause, resolving abruptly in a sweeping gust of laughter, adoring and summer-sweet. “Hello, Dean.”
Sam comes around the driver’s side, joining Dean in his leaning. “Claire didn’t tell her about finishing the first case, so Jody’s imposed nightly phone calls. Just to check in,” Sam adds, like the concept of constantly worrying about someone would somehow slip past Dean. “I don’t think Jody’s happy about Claire keeping Patience out here either.”
“I’ve thought about it, and I just don’t see a way,” Castiel says. His resolve hardens. “But just because they’re pushing me off legacy doesn’t mean I’m going to accept it.”
Still leaning against the truck, Castiel sighed. “It’s not a weapon,” he lectured, “it’s a manifestation of celestial energy—”
With fake nonchalance, she says, "I saw a code branch got opened up a couple weeks back. One built off an earlier phase one build.”
Dean’s heart kicked like a colt, to hear that word come out of him. But he could chalk it up to the false rut Cas was having, that it was making him say mushy things.
, but a heightened version of himself, his summer rain scent gaining an ozone-sharp bite, the sweet breeze notes now paired with a ripe peach undertone. The smell of sunshine with a rich, aromatic edge.
He revisits Dean kicking him out of the bunker, this time capable of feeling the remorse and regret rolling off Dean in waves.
The boy shakes his head. “Thanks, but no.” He hesitates, then adds, “My brother hasn’t been by, has he?”
“Want you,” Dean panted, back arching even as Cas’ hands drove him down. “Want you inside me.” He pawed clumsily at his sweats, trying to pull them off without dislodging himself from his seat atop Cas’ dick.
Fire and light hit Dean’s gut, as Castiel’s fingertips ghost over the back of his hand. Their fingers interlock, threading together. Dean darts a glance behind him to ensure the blinds are closed, that no one on the cubicle floor is available as a witness. His palms feel sweaty as he squeezes Castiel’s hand in his, feels him squeeze tightly in return.
Cas leans in and takes a beer. He doesn’t open the cap, merely cradles the coolness between his hands.
This section of the new heaven has been well-trod since the trials began. Castiel thinks he has seen every iteration of the Roadhouse since its conception; he knows the neighborhood like the back of his hand.
Though he’d been smiling in that photo, the version of Michael Charleson here today is a blank wall, indifferent to the humiliations his colleagues are putting his stepbrother through.
Doesn’t matter. Jack and Sam will come and find him, since their warding won’t work against God. Dean has as many hours as it takes for them to drive home in order to collect himself.
“Not unless she wants to grab us milkshakes from the mom and pop’s across the street,” Dean says, thumbing at the distant family diner.
.”) and with Sam getting overly geeky talking about what’s invoking the perimeter in the first place.
Dean is in bed, passing a fitful evening tossing and turning in his sleep. There is a dog softly snoring at the foot of his bed. The bedsheets are torn out from the mattress, and the rest of his room is a similar disaster, a garbage pile made of empty beers and pizza boxes. The floor is littered with lumps of unwashed clothes. Uneaten kibble is sprayed around a pair of silver bowls set out for the dog.
Dean’s face hardens, then softens, then hardens again. Castiel watches closely, noting the moment when a decision is made.
Castiel tunes the television to the local news, stretches himself out along one of the beds. He catches a soft tune humming through the walls of the bathroom. He smiles and settles more deeply into the bed.
Cas sighs, a deep rumble carrying through Dean’s body. Dean continues to brush his hands over him, confirming that he’s real, he’s alive and this isn’t a dream, dragging his fingers over Cas, again, and again, and again.
“This new God,” Uriel says slowly, contemptuous. “How can we trust he is any better than the old one?”
Dean shuts his eyes, wrenches his face aside. Skitters away from the chasm now yawning inside of him, shuddering open the instant Cas took hold of this thing between them, took it from the dark and held it, crying, out in the open air.
Above all, Dean will know his bed is cold and empty, made a mournful place without its second set of breaths.
“Both of you, please,” Castiel says, exasperated, as Dean and Miriam laugh and swat at each other. Dean settles back in his seat, giving Castiel his full attention. “What do you think, are you going?”
Ten minutes into this hellhole and they can’t even agree on a last name. It hits Dean like a train, just how hard it’s going to be to lie his way through the weekend.
The bell above Suzie’s door tinkles out a proclamation of further customers, and Hank watches Kurt’s attention swivel, owl-like, onto the two older women who have just arrived—one with a bouncy blonde ponytail, the other with closely-cropped peppered hair. The women approach the baked goods’ display and order strudels from Suzie before heading for the nearest empty table. He catches the imperceptible nod the short-haired one casts the Scottish woman, and wishes briefly that Kurt wasn’t so sharp that he caught it too.
They survive their way into the storeroom, their final destination. The last part of the bunker they’ve left protected. The door is still broken, blown off its hinges from Chuck’s last visit, but their remaining stores of holy oil should be enough to barricade the threshold for a while.
His fingers slipped upon the first of his shirt buttons, shocking him with their tremble, but his touch grew steadier the longer he persisted. When the shirt was neatly folded and piled upon the coat and jacket, Castiel turned to observe himself in the small, now-cloudy mirror.
None of it brings him comfort; in fact, it brings the opposite. He doesn’t need to hear any of them talk ever again.
“God,” Michael says, “has torn open the Empty. The worst of its denizens are now roaming the Earth. Heading here.”
“The Mark,” Castiel says, reaching, though Dean is too far away to touch. To confirm. “You’re okay? Rowena’s spell removed it?”
“Your face, it was priceless!” he crows, hands planted on Cas and Dean’s shoulders. Dean summons a weak chuckle, the memory of the limp-wet slide of Garth’s mouth still fresh upon him.
He doesn’t say it because he can’t be sure, but Dean thought he caught a glimpse of Nick—of Lucifer—in the throng of fighters. And if he did… They don’t have long. It’s too much for Michael to hold back alone.
Late in the night Dean limps over to the bathroom, feeling wrung out and weary, barely spry enough to fumble his way through a piss break. He keeps the lights off, his footsteps slow. As his eyes adjust, vision returning through the black patches, he spies an armchair pulled up to the foot of his bed, Sam dozing in its depths.
“Look at me, boosting the average. With the crowds I’m pulling, think they’ll offer me a raise?” Dean flashes a pearly smile, to which Novak shoves a forearm against Dean’s chest, slamming him back into the lockers.
Dean shoves a handful of bacon into his mouth and motions to it as an excuse not to talk, chewing noisily while Garth and the couple exchange their fifteen combined comments.
Ricky’s shoulders slump. He takes his balance from the curved top of the display case, waiting for his brain to reboot. He’s in his element for once, except that he’s not, not by any stretch of the imagination. What do you offer the guy that regularly asks for entrails?
“Take tomorrow off,” Castiel says, rising to his feet. “I can drop you off at your apartment, if you’d prefer to recover there. I imagine you’d like to get back into your own clothes instead of my hand-me-downs.”
Old energy bars are stocked in the glove compartment, well past their best-by date. A bag of badly-dissolved baby diapers sits in the passenger wheel well. A paperback book about raising babies is wedged into the seat cushions. A hunter’s go-bag of inks and warding ingredients is tucked beneath the bench. Maps with little x’s marked across cities and states litter the console floor.
Dean shrugs. “Not like I was doing much with it.” He motions his chin toward the television, still paused mid-way through an episode.
Dean draws back the scimitar, the terrible siren red glinting along its length. Tightening his fist, he readies to swing the blade.
Saying it aloud sends an eruption of joy through Castiel, the thought alone enough to sustain him for a thousand years.
Nodding, Castiel collects himself upright, shuffling a hand through his bedhead. He pulls a pair of fresh boxers from the duffle bag — Dean only packed them the one, since Castiel has yet to build a proper human wardrobe, and Castiel mostly fits Dean’s wear anyways — and shuts himself in the bathroom.
All these weeks he’s been left wondering where they stand, but if Cas is asking him over—hell, if he’s cooking Dean supper—then surely they’re still in good standing. Maybe enough time has passed for Castiel to feel good about work again, and if he’s happy about work then maybe he might be ready for—
, Dean fell asleep, thinking. Hoping that Cas would accept this booking, unlike the past couple times.
The new picture has been opened half a second, not enough to catch sight of what it contains, but it’s long enough to cut Dean down at the knees.
Dean’s Friday rolls out ahead of him, much the same as it would any other day post-production. Castiel doesn’t stay late, so Dean doesn’t either. He tries not to read into it, thinking how he’d likewise want to lick his wounds alone at home if he were in Cas’ place.
Dean arrives late to work, again, his hair shower-damp but otherwise styled, mindset somewhere between electrified and frazzled. His alarm went off too many times this morning, the snooze button revisited more often than his accustomed fare.
“Maybe once,” Castiel agrees. “But you should have also never been made a demon, Ruby. No human deserves that. And now that Chuck is gone, we are going to make things right between Heaven and Hell.”
Chuck sighs, clasping his hands together, and saunters past them, heading straight for Jack. “Gotta hand it to you, kid. Waking up everybody in the Empty? Phew. I would’ve never thought of it if it wasn’t for you.”
There’s a knock on his door not too long later, shortly before the first file has finished being imported into the format converter. Dean swivels back on his chair, rising on creaking knees. He hardly glances through the peephole before he turns the locks on his front door, swinging the door wide open.
Inwardly, Hank cusses. Leave it to the rookie reporter to put his nose in One of Them’s business. The power station is one of the town’s worst-kept secrets, but still they somehow manage to keep the worst of the rumors at bay.
Dean never considered himself the type to want such a traditional position—omega facedown in the pillows. But Cas didn’t make him feel used by it; if anything, Cas spent the sparse moments between breaths peppering Dean’s back with kisses, chasing patterns Dean couldn’t comprehend beyond a suspicion they related to his freckles.
“Bess’s cousin has gone missing,” Garth begins, glancing dolefully from Sam to Cas, then to Dean, “and in order to find him, I’m gonna need one of you to be my husband.”
to put a stop to as soon as possible, if he has even a hope of getting out of this mess with their friendship unscathed.)
“Hm.” Dean rubs a hand along the ridges of Cas’ ribs, feeling out the wire-taut cords of muscle, the smooth planes of skin beneath his shirt. “Thanks.”
The first death knell strikes when Anael approaches his office, her morning cup of coffee clutched in hand. She knocks once, then enters without waiting. Dean has hardly had enough time to set up his laptop before she asks, “So what was that about last night? Who’s in trouble?”
“Yes, it’s possible,” Rowena says carefully, “but to find a source strong enough to cast a spell this powerful
They push two tables together; Ellen brings out a line of shots. Castiel humours them by taking his drinks at the same time as the rest of them, knowing that as an archangel there is even less likelihood that he will feel the alcohol’s effects.
“Is this true?” Inias asks, email pulled up on his cell phone, and Dean’s heart sinks a little, shot down by the somber tone tainting Inias’ usually-easygoing ways.
In the spring, Dean dug out a soft patch of earth behind the power plant atop the bunker. He threw the pumpkin seeds in and doused them with a half-finished plastic bottle of water, and left it in nature’s hands after that.
“You didn’t?” If anything, Castiel sounds more heartbroken now than he did upon learning he missed Jack’s birthday.
The wine rushes to his head as he stands, although he manages to reach his laptop with minimal stumbling. His hip bumps the table as he attempts to sit in its chair. Chatter from the television fills the silence.
Fat lot of good it did him anyway. Dean should have never thought he had a handle on legacy’s details.
“Bess’s cousin,” Garth repeats. “He went to a couple’s retreat about a week ago with his new girlfriend, and we haven’t heard from him since.”
“You sent your brother away so that you could talk to me,” Cas murmurs, long fingers curling around Dean’s wrist, pulling up his hand so that he might thread their fingers together. “You couldn’t stand him being in the same building as whatever you were trying to say.”
“So it’s alright,” Sam asks, “to just leave him there? He’s not gonna just pop out the next time Cas has a dream?”
Cas frowns at each person, his gaze darkening when he glances over Garth wrapped around Dean. Like pulling teeth, he grits out, “His hair is soft, and he is intelligent for his species.”
His high spirits were enough that he could even forget about last night’s emergency defect, for a while, his mind instead drifting pleasantly in the shower, hands revisiting the places Castiel had touched him, gliding from hickey to hickey. But then the fact of the defect came crashing back, dumped on him like a bucket of ice water, Castiel’s fears rekindled as his own.
The couple they are sitting with, a Matty or Marky and his fiancée, Lenora, makes matching baby-soft smiles as Garth pats his own lap, telling Dean, “Don’t you worry, hon, I saved you a spot right here.”
“What? Oh. Wait until you have to deal with the puke perimeter all day, see how well that pans out.” Sam wrinkles his nose and ambles around the room, shifting loose piles of laundry into a single lump on his bed. “I keep getting a fever from it, full-body sweats. Have to change clothes constantly.”
He tilts up Dean’s chin, cupping Dean’s face with both broad hands. Dean blinks through the haze and stares up into endless blue.
With a snap of her fingers, the wreckage of the bunker floats around them, righting itself: stone returning atop stone, tiles walls unbreaking, steel straightening in straight-backed lines. Pages of books flutter open, shelves becoming unburned. The bodies of the fallen disappear in a flash.
Sam chuckles. “My point remains. It could be time for a mulligan. Who knows, maybe this time you guys will get along.”
Around the corner, out of sight, Dean lets his shoulders fall. It’s been a while since he last disappointed Sam, but it happens often enough that he should be used to it by now. He stretches out his neck, wondering whether an extra hour in bed would have relieved any of his current frustration, or if it’s just the way things are now that over a week has passed since Cas left and his phone still hasn’t rang.
His room is much the same as he remembers it, now that he woke remembering it at all: spartan in style and furniture, devoid of all personal touches. There’s nothing here that speaks of Castiel, no detritus that advises him of what has passed in the years he’s lost since Rowena’s attack dog spell.
As Dean types into his laptop, his fingers hit the keys a little harder than usual. He feels his same old headache building, pain crawling up the back of his neck until it thrums inside his temples. He digs around in his desk drawer for painkillers and a heartburn tablet, just something that might tamp down the acidic flare that hits him whenever he reflexively recalls the disastrous meeting.
Castiel winces, head tilted askew. “Mostly, it isn’t. But there is something important I wanted to discuss with you.”
Castiel hums agreeably again. “At my last position, everything was methodical. Structured. It was sort of how Raphael sold me on applying here.”
“Screw it,” Dean mumbled to himself. He punched the call into existence, phone raised and squeezed against his ear.
“Mm. Phone’s in the bedroom. Charger’s in the bag.” Castiel reaches over the sofa arm, retrieving his messenger bag. Dean jumps up to collect his phone while Cas fishes through the bag, returning by time he’s withdrawn a bundled cord from the main pocket. “I picked this up from your desk today. I hope it’s the right charger.”
Once the front door is keyed open, Castiel pushes Dean down the hall straight into his bedroom, and leaves him there with a hurried promise that he will return. Castiel fills a glass with cool water and forces Dean to drain it twice. Two tablets of ibuprofen are swallowed before Dean is allowed to slump back onto the bed.
A miserable note sings around Dean all throughout the evening, poisoning his every attempt to take his mind off the worries of the day. He gets ready for bed with fear still gnawing on them, and brushes his teeth too hard before spitting into the sink. He’s helpless, and he hates himself for being helpless, for allowing what has happened to his team.
“Maybe?” Alicia wrinkles her nose. “Thought this was about a magical barrier Max was investigating for you guys.”
“Give ‘em to me.” Dean glances over the keysmash paragraph his nap added to the code, and backs out all changes until he is back at square zero again. “They should be on my plate. I’ll handle them.”
Frowning, Castiel pushes open the door to find Dean sprawled out on the bed on his belly, his face buried in the crevice between both fluffy pillows. His arm is draped over the side of the bed, his hands running futilely over the spanse of blue comforter.
“I know,” Cas says quietly, his gaze flickering to Dean. “I dislike it, but I will abide by Jack’s decision.”
“Of course, of course,” Bart agrees, chuckling way too heartily. “Always happens with a reshuffling, doesn’t it?”
The world might have forgotten, but they will remember. Dean knows this; even years later, Abbie’s name will haunt them. Dean opens his mouth, reconsiders. He gets his thoughts in line before trying again. “If we stop, it’ll be as good as Abbie never existing. And even if some people can handle that fact, that guilt will stick to us for the rest of our lives.” Dean swallows thickly. “Even if she’s dead, someone should be looking out for her. The kid ain’t gone until we quit.”
“Dude, a little privacy, please,” Dean growls over his shoulder. Even with his back to Cas, he feels too naked to continue undressing.
Of the defects Dean keeps for himself, he assigns only the lowest priority ones to Castiel, hoping a couple easy bugs might help cut his teeth on analysis work. It shouldn’t take the guy more than half an hour to find an answer for each, on a good day, but with the training wheels currently left on his timelines, Dean expects it’ll occupy Castiel well into tomorrow.
“You—there’s more of them,” Dean says, more out of shock than anything. “Was there a sale or something?”
Castiel gathers what angels remain in heaven inside a boardroom, a plain white space with a long table and multiple chairs. He isn’t sure when exactly the host adopted the bureaucratic tendencies observed among humans, but such favouritism is apparent in the very structure of heaven itself: the long, clean hallways leading to sterile rooms; door upon door upon door closing off each human inside their own private heaven.
Dean curses. He knew this day was coming, but holy shit. It hurts way more than he thought it would, seeing all his efforts discarded like this. That another team has already neatly laid out how they’ll fold Dean’s responsibilities into their own.
,” Castiel says achingly, but Dean cuts him off with a clipped “Goodnight.” He collects his jacket as he passes it, dirty plates clattering to the counter in his wake.
Dean opts to stay in the kitchen and pulls out a chair along the breakfast bar, where the baskets are within arm’s reach and he can keep picking through them, seeking out the note cards in the get-well flowers. The rest are from his old co-workers, scattered between the help desk and QA. One bouquet of red gerberas and purple asters is addressed to Castiel instead of him.
Disaster strikes in the midst of expanding the current iteration of heaven—now involving hundreds of thousands of humans, all crafting their own micro-versions of happiness.
“Twenty minutes to the bunker,” Castiel murmured into the crown of Dean’s head, confirming the estimate with a glance at the clock radio. Too long; they won’t make it. Regardless, Castiel pressed his foot down harder on the accelerator, flexing the Impala’s speedometer.
“Welcome, welcome. Now, who are these fine fellas?” Joyce asks, her gaze flickering down to the red name tag marking Dean as human, the yellow for Garth as werewolf.
Quietly, Castiel adds, “You’re the heart of the team, Dean. I don’t know why you think we wouldn’t need you.” Then, bitter: “Or why I’ve let you believe that for this long.”
Chuck plants a finger on his lips. “Hmm. No. There’s one last friend I think you ought to face. Y’know. Since we’re reminiscing, so close to the end.” He snaps his fingers, and there appears—
Anger licks up inside Dean, igniting the fuel in his blood. “Yeah,” he says, shaky even as he tries to smooth his voice, to clear it of all emotion. “When did Bart announce this? How long has it been making its way down through the pipes?”
Or are they something less than what they were to begin with? Dean hardly sees Castiel anymore, in the wake of what happened with the CAB.
His toss soars through the air on an impressive arc, displaying an excellent combination of form and distance, the log sailing farther than any werewolf has managed so far.
Whistles are blown, fights are broken up. Dean tries opening his eyes, but between the blood and the pain, he can see nothing but some stars that are rapidly winking out. He tries shaking it off, tries reaching for his stick, but the most Dean can manage is twitching motions of his hands.
The sound of splitting wood grows closer the further he walks, until Dean pushes aside a branch on the path and steps out into a clearing green. There he finds Castiel standing amid a haphazard wood pile, the grass at his feet scattered with half-hewn logs. He lifts an axe above his head and carries it down in a swift arc, slicing cleanly through the wood block standing on end atop a thick tree stump.
Patience’s gaze flickers over to him, though her attention quickly drops back to the map. She scoffs. “The barrier changed again, and not in the way I predicted. Taking into account today’s forecast, there should’ve been only a half-block shift southwest. But this route... We have a whole new section of the barrier bulging out from the original, festering like a
Dean curses. He sees the section Miriam’s referencing, a month’s worth of weekly timesheets printed out, each day broken down into fifteen minute increments.
Becky hauls Dean and Sam into a tearful hug the second she finds them, worriedly exclaiming what she knew of Chuck’s ending. How she would have warned them, if she had been given half the chance. Dean assures her it’s okay and she goes back to her family, her kids excitedly greeting the children of the apocalypse-world refugees while her husband looks around the war room in awe.
“I know.” Dean stares out at the pool, the low hum of the filter drowned out by the pulse throbbing in his ears. “I don’t know. It just… went wrong.”
Cas clears his throat and purrs something up at the neniven crowding over him, but before he even finishes the two begin chittering animatedly. The one by Jack begins nudging at his back, ushering him toward the front steps of the house.
The closer they get to the meeting, the more Castiel’s absence weighs on Dean like a stone. Were they supposed to get their stories straight before meeting the board? Just how much trouble are they all in?
“Yeah,” Dean says, “wouldn’t like that.” He lifts his chin toward Castiel’s hand. “What you got there?”
Whether by chance or design, Dean doesn’t get to see Castiel before the CAB meeting. Not that he doesn’t try messaging him, through both private and work messenger apps. Cas doesn’t answer, and Dean doesn’t have time to chase him; they both have too busy a morning to talk about what was going to happen in the meeting.
, Dean adds uncharitably. The thought deflates him as much as the disheartening news. But he can’t show Adler that any of this has affected him; he shores himself up, keeping the worst of his disappointment at bay. “Understood, sir.”
Dean sighs loudly, lowering his BLT to its plate. “How the fuck Bart managed that promotion, I’ll never know. Guy didn’t even know how to do his job. Always left me doing most of it,” he adds, not that the complaint is news to them, or worthy of garnering any sympathy.
The final messages Castiel sent to Jack were all focused on searching for him. The phone log, too, speaks of calls rapidly made, unanswered. Of promises that everything could still be alright, if only Jack would come home to them. To him.
Cas didn’t know what the hell he was talking about. Didn’t know the worst of it when he said he knew all about Dean.
“Road view says no,” Patience replies, tapping at her phone, “but satellite view says yes, a house is here.”
“To be fair, it was our flour on the stove that caught fire,” the boy says helpfully, to which the man’s expression clearly states his feelings on that, something along the lines of,
With an ear tuned to the TV, Dean crosses the front room, opens the door, and finds himself face-to-face with Cas.
No birthday. Dean doesn’t need another reminder how the days are getting away from them. He just needs the present, one moment laid out after the next one, in order to live a life without further regrets.
Cas sits across from the fake lovebirds, looking put-out by the whole experience. A rush of jealousy hits Dean; he slides his plate up beside Cas, leaning close enough to ask in a low voice, “Is anybody else getting a weird vibe here?”
Cas takes the bag back and kneads it between his hands, winching it tightly closed. He frowns sternly at Claire, earning him a heavy eye-roll that weakens as Claire rapidly passes out on the bed.
“Good job,” Cain says, as Dean’s coworkers politely clap at his effort. Dean feels his face flush again with the praise. He shakes his head when Castiel gives him a warm grin and a congratulatory pat on the back.
Cas settles in with Dean, popping the cap of his bottle. He balances his grace on the trunk between them, then takes a sip of his beer. “Jack already has a decent grasp on their dialect. He’s handling it fine.”
Castiel settles on the couch close by, perched anxiously on the edge of a cushion. “I got ahold of Uriel and informed him of the problem. Anael’s also aware that we’ll need her help tonight.”
Cas’s eyes glitter in the dark. His head shifts Dean’s way. Dean holds quiet, waiting to see what Cas will say.
The shirt and jacket are stained with dried blood, when he unfolds them, the trench coat likewise pocked with holes from the buckshot. Castiel has to wait for Dean to fish fresh clothes out from the trunk before he’s able to continue dressing. Dean looks resigned when he passes over the shirt, shoving the flannel at him like it’s contaminated. Castiel sits in the car’s back seat and struggles to make the buttons close.
Dean took them down the service road into the motel parking lot, still searching for something more to say. He wanted to delay the inevitable awkward night barrelling toward them—maybe he could grab them some takeout, or pick up another pack of beer. Cas, however, beat him to the punch.
“This was more than you expected,” Castiel muttered, shifting away. But Dean wrapped his hands around Castiel’s wrist, holding him until Castiel stilled, returning his weight atop Dean.
Castiel nods stiffly. “Of course. I understand.” He shuffles in place. Fingers drag over the edge of the table, as if they could somehow collect icing from the long-since eaten cake.
Only once this ritual is completed does Dean allow himself to pick up Castiel’s paper. To smooth it out, unfold it. The inside fold has a single line of information: ten digits, broken into telephone format. Castiel’s new cell number. But as the page further unfurls, Dean realizes there’s more to the note than the promised contact information.
Sam hovers, just a moment, as if determining whether Dean is alright enough to back away. He settles at the foot of the bed, barely illuminated by the honeyed light from the kitchenette.
though,” Dean said, moving his hand the way he’d seen Cas do it. “You said they used it as an excuse, but what is it?”
“So I quit,” Dean blurts, unable to contain himself, as soon as life breathes on the other line. He feels electric, alert and alive in a way he hasn’t felt for years. Every cell in his body is sparking with unbridled joy.
Sam dusts his hands off, though he’s covered in so much blood and sweat it’s only smudging the grime around. “What’s going to happen to him. To Chuck.”
Whatever it is, she’s reluctant to say. Dean bides his time, inching the Impala forward through traffic, pushing through the congested intersection at last. They drive a few blocks in silence. Dean glances over once they’ve hit a standstill at a red light ahead. “Patience?”
“Hi. Wow. I recognize your voice!” Sam chuckles, awkward. “So you’re the one who’s got Dean socializing outside of office hours?”
Nathaniel and Steve glance at each other. Hesitantly, Steve asks, “Is this your… first wife, Sam? The one with all the… roofies?”
It’s a simple explanation, but Cas keeps frowning. “I don’t understand. The main bulk of the city is inaccessible?”
Dean leans in and frowns at his brother, who is frowning in turn. “What the fuck, Sam? Did you invite her?”
“But nothing fucking happened,” Dean complains, pushing his laptop away. “We caught the bug before it got out the door. Uriel didn’t even have to delay prod to include the fix.”
Briefly, Castiel is distracted by how Dean’s sandy hair hangs down on his forehead. “Around the breakfast bar,” he blurts. “Back corner.” Castiel grabs a coffee pod from the cabinet, then pauses and collects a tea bag. “You shouldn’t be drinking caffeine right now anyway. I’ll make you an herbal tea, but you can’t have it until you’re back in bed.”
They drive past a nail salon and a Dollar Tree, then take a left down a narrow road leading onto a long side street. Dean parks a block back from where he’s expecting the perimeter, climbs out, and gruffly motions for Cas to follow. They hike down a road lined with boxy beige houses, the suburb so new that half a dozen For Sale signs still litter the lawns, and the spindly poplar trees planted along the sidewalk still have their nursery tags.
