Cas shook his head. Seriously it was like arguing with a brick wall.
Eventually Dean spoke up again “I never should have let you go.” His voice dripped with guilt. “I should’ve fought the empty. I should’ve killed Billie sooner. I shouldn’t have let you come with me.”
“It was originally your idea to have me be here when he woke up.” Cas said in his defense
“Please.” Sam pleaded “I know you two had that ‘profound bond’, but he was my friend too.”
“Dean?” The angel questioned
“Oh would you look at that Cas. A monster lying to save their life.” Sam said in a half hearted attempt at a joke
The boys arrived at the bunker and went to their rooms. Sam immediately went to sleep, but Dean tossed and turned for hours. His mind wouldn’t stop replaying Castiel’s confession.
“No it makes perfect sense.” Sam said continuing when he received a puzzled look from the angel. “The lengths you go for him, and how lost he is without you. It’s so obvious even a blind man could see how much you love each other.”
Sam sighed “that was before I knew what he felt while under the influence of the Djinn poison. He knew the visions were fake, and he knew because you were there. Before he sees you I need him to know without a doubt that he’s here, safe, alive, and free. I promise once he knows that you can see him. I’ve been rooting for you two since you tried to kill him over the angel tablet. I’m sorry Cas, but you need to go before he wakes up again.”
“No. You’re still recovering.”
After a week of research and watching Dean and Cas tiptoe around each other Sam grew restless.
He came to in the bunker with Cas standing over him.
“Cas what are you doing?”
“What is it Sam?”
“You called Sam? Why?”
Eventually the older Winchester sat up and turned on the light. He buried his head in his hands, and he definitely did not cry. When it was 6am he left his room for a drink.
“I’d think the Djinn would target the opposite. A content teen is not the easiest prey. They’re always with friends or family or they’re busy with something. Point is a happy kid doesn’t just wander into a remote location alone.”
“Sam I can’t tell you how much I wish things were different, but I have to be honest if I could go back in time and turn down the deal I wouldn’t do it. Jack was my-our son, and I had to save him.”
“Dean? Cas?” Sam said weakly
Crowley was ranting again “that annoying angel is tracking me. We need to get rid of him.”
Sam and Cas did the same and the team packed up Baby and started their three hour drive. Like last time it was mostly silent. Except for Sam sharing case details. It seemed like a pretty standard ghost hunt. There was one death in the building, and the man had a rivalry with the dead guy.
“No you’re not. Take a seat.”
“Anytime Cas.”
“Talk about what?” Dean asked defensively
“Cas?”
“I didn’t want him to be alone.”
“Can I ask you a few questions first?”
Dean nodded and took his brother’s hand internally begging for Sam to wake up.
Dean tried to respond, but he had nothing to say. He couldn’t tell Sam what went down. He couldn’t.
Dean laughed and held the first blade in the air above the angel, but before he could drive in the fatal blow Cas covered Dean’s eyes. He needed to remember Dean. His Dean. Not the demon that took his place. Cas felt the knife in his heart and suddenly there was nothing.
Sam carried Cas to the car and put him in the backseat. He’d have a hunter’s funeral back at the bunker.
“Dean if you don’t go to sleep I will use my grace on you, and that’ll delay healing Sam. Take three hours. I’ll stay here with Sam.”
“What would they know that the parents wouldn’t?” Sam asked
“Maybe. Maybe not.”
“Fine two hours.”
Once they were out of earshot from Dean the younger Winchester spoke up again.
“How are you here?” Sam asked the angel “Dean saw you die.”
“You dragging us on constant back to back cases. C’mon the only time we do this many hunts when one of us is running from something. Dean what are you running from?”
“Oh Cas” Sam whispered. Upon closer inspection he realized the wounds on Castiel’s body were not made by an angel blade. “Dean...” Sam’s voice broke upon the realization that this was no ordinary demon. This was Dean. Dean was a demon. How? He didn’t know or care, but he had to find his brother.
They quieted and headed in the direction of Sam’s hallway. After setting up Cas’s room Sam left to give him some time alone and to go find Dean. His older brother was in the main room of the bunker.
“There’s no other marks so that seems like our most likely option.” Dean agreed
“This isn’t real. You’re dead I saw the empty take you! You’re not real!” Dean yelled about to run at the angel.
Sam wiped a tear from Dean’s cheek.
“Cas-“
“Nothing I’m fine” Dean said remembering the words Frank said to him so long ago ‘ Decide to be fine until the end of the week. Make yourself smile, because you're alive and that's your job. Then do it again the next week. Do it right, with a smile, or don’t do it.’ He promised himself he’d try, for Cas he’d try, but if he got low he had an out.
“Mr. Astley-“
“Thank you.” Cas said
“Mostly. We have to be careful not to jostle his head, but he doesn’t need any of the life support. He’ll be fine.”
“Hey Cas.”
The memory shifted again.
Using the golf cart Sam was at the caves in ten minutes, but using the main gravel path he ran into a fork in the road. One way said extreme caving, and one said caving. He decided to go left to caving because that’s where he and Dean agreed to search first.
“Your brother.” Cas confirmed “bunker or hospital?”
“I loved him Sam. I killed the man I loved. How am I supposed to live with that?”
“Here we go.” Dr. Walsh, the coroner, said bringing out the victim’s body. “Meet Arya Taylor age eighteen. Whole life ahead of her, and she disappears only to turn up dead a week later.”
“It likes a specific feeling. Heartbreak. No that can’t be right.”
“Alright I’m on my way. I’ll be there in about 20 hours.” With that Sam hung up and grabbed the keys for the 1968 Pontiac Firebird in the garage. Then he headed out on the long drive to Portland.
Back at the bunker Sam started pacing.
“Three of her friends went missing.”
“I don’t know what he saw. I only know his wish, but I cannot disclose that. We’re bound by the old wish rules.”
The boys clinked their glasses and took a long drink.
“Dean you haven’t been fine in years. But that’s not what I mean. You’ve been spiraling, way more than usual, ever since we lost Cas.” Sam said
“Sam?” Cas asked
When they arrived in Rolla the first order of business was to go to the coroner’s office to inspect the body.
“Well then I guess there no further use for you.” Sam said stabbing the Djinn. The boys got Dean back to the car, and then to the motel.
But there was no time for further discussion because they turned onto the road near the site, and Dean had to hide. A minute later Sam pulled onto the property and parked. He was quickly greeted by the owners. They were an older couple, late 40s at the youngest and late 50s at the oldest. He thought they seemed nice, but wondered if perhaps they were working with the Djinn. Nothing could be ruled out yet. He sent Dean a quick text.
“Cas.” Dean said “can I please have a moment with my brother?”
“Hello Dean.”
“It’s my pleasure Dean.”
Dean fully understood why Cas had make the choice he had, but he couldn’t help but feel a twinge of longing, and he found himself almost wishing Cas had chosen a room near him.
The angel left the room to go take a nap. He didn’t usually need sleep, but with how fast he was burning through the little grace he needed it. Besides sleep would help the grace regenerate faster.
“You two go. I’ll stay here.” Cas volunteered
“How about one?”
Sam sat with Dean all throughout the night while Cas paced behind Sam. Eventually Sam passed out still in the chair next the the bed Dean lay in.
Dean sighed “you know what’s wrong.”
Dean pushed Sam back down.
“Cas I’m staying.”
“Your husband is with his brother. Would you like to join them?”
He went to the library for the hard stuff, and came across Sam conducting research.
“That’s bullshit and you and I both know it.”
With each word from Dean Castiel’s already fractured heart shattered a little more.
Sam couldn’t tell if it wasn’t working or if it was just a slow progression this time. When suddenly a large figure came up behind him. Decades of hunting experience allowed Sam’s reflexes take over and he jumped out of the way.
He knew whatever happened was taking a toll on Dean, and it wasn’t exactly nice to keep pressing for answers. But Cas had been his friend too. He wanted to know what happened.
“Yes. Why?”
Sam nodded “I don’t know how long you were in there, but here it was about two days.”
“Cas I have a million things I want to say to you, but I can’t think of one. Well that’s not entirely true. There’s one thing I can think of.” Dean took a breath “I love you too.”
“Where am I?” Dean demanded “last thing I remember I was having dinner in the bunker with you and Cas. Now I’m here. What the hell is going on here?”
Sam rushed to the mouth of the cave. It had a wide mouth, and luckily for Sam the passages weren’t too narrow. He still had to crawl, but it wasn’t a tight squeeze. He went down into the cave and found a room where he could stand up. He found blood leading to a passageway off to the side. Inside the next room he saw a figure on the floor. Sam slid over to inspect the figure, and after seeing no movement he turned on his flashlight. He instantly recognized the figure as Brett Marsh, the missing boy from Jackson Mississippi. There was no pulse.
Sam spent hours finding his way out of the cave. After a deep search he realized Dean wasn’t there, and there was no one else in the cave. After eight hours from when he entered he found his way out. Silently promising to come back for Brett’s body after he found Dean and the other kids.
“I’m in Portland Oregon. My motel is room 102 and I’m right across from the ‘Cheers and Beers Bar’.”
“I’m sorry Mr. Seger, but I don’t think you’re the right fit for this job.” The owner said
“Dean?”
“That’s not all. One person turned up drained.”
“Welcome back Dean”
Once Dr. Walsh had left the room the boys got to work looking for marks on the body.
“Since we lost Cas? Since we lost Cas?” Dean said loudly nearly yelling “We didn’t lose Cas! He died to save me! It was my fault!”
Cas let out a sob and soon Sam was bolting into the room.
“BECAUSE YOU’RE BOTH OBLIVIOUS IDIOTS WHO ARE TOO PRIDEFUL TO USE THEIR DAMN WORDS.” Sam called from outside the doorway. Ok maybe he did want to stick around for this potential soap opera.
“Ok I’m gonna go now. I think you two have a lot of catching up to do.” Sam said practically running from the room.
The younger brother was led into a small building that was diagonally across from the large building in front of the parking lot.
Dean nodded and Cas darted off towards where Sam lay seemingly lifeless.
Cas who’d been silent spoke up “what did he see? In the dream.”
He saw other memories too. Lucifer wearing Sam killing Cas in Stull Cemetery, Cas choosing Crowley over them, and the time Cas had died as a human.
The boys were sitting at the table doing research on the Empty. Dean had never been one for research that was Sam’s territory. He just never had the patience for it. Even then it wasn’t necessarily the research he minded. He was going crazy between tiptoeing around Cas and making sure Sam doing ok. Cas had been able to fully heal the damage, but it wasn’t a clean no scars remaining type fix anymore. There was a potential for reinjury. Suddenly his phone went off. Charlie.
After Dean locked himself in his room Sam and Cas shared a few drinks in Cas’s room.
“Yeah Dean this is normal for me. Why are you up?”
“Dean-“ Cas began but was cut short by the empty appearing and taking the angel away.
“I’m not a doctor, but if I had to guess I’d say today or tomorrow.”
“Cas I lost a part of myself the day you died. I loved you so much. You were my best friend and I think in some other life we could’ve been more. It’s all my fault. I’m sorry Cas. I’m sorry that I was such a prideful dick, and I’m sorry that you’ll never hear this.” Dean paused “listen to me ramble to a figment of my imagination as if it fixes any of the harm I caused you. Your love for me is what killed you, and I’ll never forgive myself.”
With that Sam hung up.
“He made a deal with it. When Jack died. The price was his life. When he experienced a moment of true happiness the Empty would be summoned and take him forever.”
At a bar he started talking to a local about the best places to go hiking. The man, Jerry, pulled out a map.
March 28th
“I have to be hands off, but you can go.”
“I should probably stay in your hallway.”
“What?” Dean asked hoping they weren’t still on the topic of Cas.
On his way to his room Dean saw Cas. Both of them started completely avoiding eye contact, but then Dean spoke.
“Yes. Thank you.”
Cas could hear the tears in voice threatening to spill over. He caved.
Dean was further taken aback when the angel leaned in for a kiss. Although it broke his heart the Winchester stopped him.
Sam took a deep breath “Cas’s death.”
The ghost went up in flames easily. Dean raced toward his brother and Cas.
“Let’s talk to Diana. You’ve got a phone number?”
“I love you Dean.” Cas said
“I’m thinking vampire.” Dean stated “wheels up in ten.”
“No. I need to stay with him. If something goes wrong-“
“I know.”
“No you’re not. You’ve pushed yourself to the limit. How many back to back hunts have you done recently? How much sleep have you gotten in the past few weeks. Take an hour at least. Please go take care of yourself.”
Cas appeared behind Dean and used his grace to knock him out.
Dean took Sam’s silence as an invitation to go back to sleep. Sam left the room and slumped against the wall in defeat. He wasn’t sure how long he sat there, but eventually Cas came and sat next to him.
“Sam it’s not. I killed Cas. He told me he loved me and I just taunted him and stabbed him.”
“I know, but I still wanted it.”
“She admitted she was dying and that her last wish was to kill me. She tried, and had Cas not been there she would have succeeded. She did something. I thought I was having something similar to a heart attack. Cas pulled me away and warded the dungeon to block her grip on me.”
“It’s tragic. The girl was a bright young teenager, and the others have load of potential as well. I’m praying everyday for their safety.”
“There we are. Bianca Fox, she came to Rolla three days ago according to an airport security camera. She paid in all cash.”
Meanwhile————————————————————
Crowley disappeared, just before Sam entered the dungeon. The younger Winchester completed the ritual.
“He thought I was his imagination. Or a dream. He blames himself for my death.”
The two men fell into silence.
“No I haven’t. Is this normal for him?”
“Dean what’s wrong?”
“Good. Thank you Cas.”
“My personal favorite is Fisher Point, but be careful around it and don’t go alone.”
The brothers settled into a motel and started looking into leads, and setting up a map of the area.
Sam was expecting as much, and it made him want to call Cas in right then. But he knew Dean would only think he was still trapped.
“I’m calling Charlie.” Sam said picking up his phone and dialing Charlie. He put the phone on speaker.
“No you aren’t. Sammy please stay here and finish recovering. I can’t lose you.”
“We’re a long way from Denver, and this is a small town. What’s so special about Rolla?” Dean pressed
“Fine, but then it’s time for you to go.” She reluctantly agreed
Cas arrived at Dean’s motel room and knocked softly. Dean opened the door looking tired, but ok.
“I’ll be right back with him then.”
Cas’s voice snapped Sam back to reality.
“What about the others?”
“Sammy?”
“May we have a few minutes?” Dean asked
Cas sighed “this wasn’t a normal Djinn. When I healed Dean I recognized the Djinn poison. The technical name is not of import, but it doesn’t feed off dreams or even nightmares.”
Cas smiled for the first time since returning from the Mal’lak box “the only perk of weak grace.”
“But what if I wanted to stay?”
“Promise you’ll call and check in.”
“I appreciate that Sam, but what if it can’t be done? What if there is no way?”
“Dean?” Sam said “Dean!” He said shaking his brother gently and his voice getting louder with desperation. He couldn’t lose his brother. Not now. Not when they finally had a chance.
“Cas?”
“Hi Sam.” Ignoring the confused look on the younger brother’s face the angel turned to Dean. “What happened?”
Cas knew it was a bad idea, but he didn’t want Dean to be alone. So he found himself sitting next to the bed. After an hour or two Dean started stirring. Cas knew he should go, but he couldn’t tear himself away from Dean’s side.
“I don’t take more than I need. Besides the people I take choose to die. I give them enough to start producing dreams, but not enough to make them lose touch with reality. If someone stays in their dream world then that tells me they’d rather be dead than alive and I’m doing them a favor.”
“That doesn’t make any sense. So we have three teenagers coming to a small town most people haven’t even heard of and going missing.”
“What are you doing?” Sam asked
“Fix him Cas!” He said almost yelling “please” he said quieter. Almost a whisper.
“I don’t know.”
“These four locations are caves in or near town. After talking with Diana I think the most likely candidate is that one.” Dean said pointing to a location on the map covered by a green M&M.
Sam sighed. “Sit down.”
“You’ve talked about eternity before, but tell me again. Now that it’ll be you and me” With that Dean leaned over to kiss the angel and Cas fell into it. Suddenly he felt a sharp pain between his ribs. Cas stumbled back.
“We’re going to Flagstaff.” Sam announced
“I- I’ve already spoken to him. He was awake not twenty minutes ago.”
Sensing he’d lost this one Dean reluctantly took a seat mumbling something about chick flicks.
Meanwhile————————————————————
“You’re up early.” Dean commented
“Thank you Sam.”
“I’ve always loved working with kids, and I love being outside, and I love learning.” Sam said hoping he could keep the bs going long enough for Dean to slip out of the car and to the woods across the field from the office where he and Leah sat.
“MIND YOUR BUSINESS SAMMY” Dean called
“Tourists or locals?”
‘Damn’ he thought ‘things are so screwed up I can’t even drink properly.’
“What are you talking about? It’s perfect.” Dean insisted “it’s also our quickest way to get on property and find the kids before they all die.”
“It’s been too long” Cas agreed before continuing “Dean I need to tell you something. I don’t know how you’ll take it, but I need to say it.”
Sam and Cas arrived in Flagstaff 15 hours later. Knowing where Dean would start they started at the first motel in town. The manager directed them to the bar across the street. There they asked around about Dean and an older man named Jerry spoke to them.
After the fifth abandoned cave Dean started climbing the mountain. When he was a few meters off the ground he felt himself behind pulled up. He looked up to see a woman, no a Djinn. He saw the tattoos across her arms and face. Then suddenly everything went black.
“I’m here Dean.” Cas said stepping forward to close the gap between him and Dean then he pulled the hunter into a hug.
But Dean stayed silent.
Dean closed his eyes and laid his head back. Of course it wasn’t real. He had known it was too good to be true.
_________________________________________
Sam laughed and Dean flashed his middle finger and turned towards the garage.
“Sam you almost died. The doctors said you’d never wake up. Luckily we have an angel on our side. But even then I almost lost you, and I can’t go through that. Not again.”
Sam put a hand on the angel’s shoulder “We’ll get you out of your deal Cas. I promise you.”
Sam thought for a second and Dean continued.
“And when he wakes up and sees you and freaks out again?”
“Why couldn’t you have gotten sick of him three months ago?”
The boys called Dr. Walsh back in and thanked her for her time.
Sam sat by Dean waiting for him to regain consciousness. Cas was waiting in the map room. Sam had wanted the angel to be with him and Dean, but Cas refused. He didn’t want a repeat of the cave. Cas thought it would be better for Sam to be the first person Dean saw when he woke up.
“I know all four of them yes. I only mentioned Arya because I hope the others are still alive.”
“Will he be ok?”
“Sam.” Dean begged
“Dean...” Cas started
“Mr. Seger why are you interested in working with us this summer?”
“Cas?” Sam asked stepping back into the room. “I’m going to get you out of that deal.”
He sped off in the direction he believed the caves to be.
“Why Rolla?” Dean questioned
“Which means the Djinn showed him you dying.” Sam finished
“Sammy” Dean said sitting down and taking his brother’s hand.
“I remember the nightmares the Djinn showed me. But after the last vision of you and Cas in the cave with me there’s nothing.”
“Dean’s always kept his emotions close to his chest, and he dealt. Not in healthy ways, but he dealt. Now the hits are coming so fast and hard that he just can’t rebound. Not as fast as he’d like to.” Sam opened his mouth to say more, but promptly shut it.
“Why because then the angel would be alive now?”
“Is this real?” The hunter asked
Cas nodded and the two carefully loaded Sam in the back of the Impala and drove to the nearest hospital. Once Cas and Dean were through the doors Sam was loaded onto a stretcher and a few ER doctors took him in to survey the damage, and perform an operation if necessary.
“No” Cas moaned
“Who are you to demand a search? Even if you’re-“
“Well Dean he’s not looking good. His condition is stable and doesn’t seem to be worsening, however, there aren’t any signs of improvement. Our main concern right now it whether or not he’s going to wake up.”
_________________________________________
“Cas knew it wasn’t you. I’m sure he would forgive you.”
“Rolla Missouri you’ll sense them when you get close enough.”
March 30th
“Jerk.”
“Good to see you Cas” Dean said pulling Cas into the room and shutting the door.
Sam was lost in thought when suddenly he heard a groan.
“Dean are you sure that’s wise?”
“He appears to be stable. He was lucky to take a hit hard enough to fragment the skull, but not suffer any internal or external bleeding.”
“How are you feeling Dean?” Sam asked
“They chalk it up to animal attacks, people getting lost and not finding their way back, or exposure.”
“Oh.” Sam said
A few hours later Sam drove the Impala back to Lebanon and back to the bunker. Dean dozed off somewhere during the 15 hour drive, and he was back in the Djinn world. It wasn’t exactly the Djinn world, but he dreamed it was.
The next morning Dean came to before Sam. He jolted awake unsure of where he was. This startled Sam awake.
Dean started to catch on. This wasn’t real. Cas was gone, and he wasn’t coming back. Eventually the Castiels had to convince Dean they were real, and once they succeeded Dean watched him die.
“Let’s go.” Dean said before heading to his room to get his gear.
Dean stood up and followed the doctor into a hallway.
“What’s the last thing you remember?” Sam asked trying to get an idea of what was going on in Dean’s head.
Sam, Dean, and Cas were in the Apocalypse World, and Dean was walking with his brother and angel by his side when suddenly they heard a gunshot, and Cas let out a cry of agony.
“We’ll have not just a lifetime, but an eternity” Cas finished Dean’s thought
“Cas?”
“Dean?”
“That’s actually a really smart idea.” Sam hit a few keys on the computer. “Huh.”
“You’re right. After everything we’ve done, sacrificed, and lost I think we deserve to be happy.”
After seeing Sam and the woman enter the building Dean slid out of Baby, and slunk along the tree line on the side of the field until he reached the woods on the other side. Thirty minutes later Dean arrived at the cave. He tried to send Sam a text, but there was no cell service. Dean knew Sam had told him to wait, but if any of the teens were still alive they probably didn’t have long. He went in.
When they arrived in Dodge City three hours later it was 11pm so checked into motel so they could sleep before getting started on the case. The brothers shared one room and the angel had the room next door. Sam had tried to convince Cas to stay in their room, but he refused.
“Sam what I did-“
Dean clutched the steering wheel and fought with himself to maintain his marble exterior.
Meanwhile at the bunker Sam and Cas were digging through texts that might have anything to say regarding the Empty. Eventually Cas could tell Sam needed a break so he stood up and went to the liquor cabinet in the room. He grabbed the hardest liquor he could find and two glasses.
_________________________________________
“Sure it does.” Dean argued grabbing the now cold coffee he’d grabbed when Cas made him leave the room. “So how’s the healing going?” He asked in a more serious tone.
They gazed into each other’s eyes communicating in seconds what they’d failed to say for a life time.
“If you’re worried you could take the drive to Flagstaff. I’d head that way, but I’m in the middle of a case in New York with Stevie.”
No matter how many times he’d seen it it was always a jarring sight to see his brother with tubes and monitors keeping him alive. As the doctor turned to leave Dean spoke up once more.
Cas slipped out of the room to give the brothers a moment alone.
“Kissing my husband?” Cas said seemingly confused
“Charlie dropped me a line on a djinn case. They’ve been able to confirm it’s a loner. I’m going to go take care of it. Should be a day or two tops.”
“On occasion.” Cas said
“That seems to be the case. There’s a girl from Jackson Mississippi age 16, a boy from Boston Massachusetts age 18, and then the girl we saw earlier who was from Reno Nevada.” Sam tapped something on the keyboard “Turns out there’s a fourth now. A girl from Denver, 17 years old. Last seen on a security camera in Rolla two days ago.”
“Glad you asked. There’s been three people who’ve gone missing in Rolla Missouri.”
“This camp could you point us in the right direction?” Sam asked
Dean found them out back as they packed up after the show. Ash was propped up against the wall holding ice packs to his arm under instruction from Cas as the rest of them loaded up the equipment. Meg was the first to spot him, smacking Gabe's chest with the back of her hand to get his attention.
"You're just mad they won." Cas responded calmly, applauding the teams.
"We'll see..."
Benny looked between them, hoping this would sink in for them both. Hell. They hadn't asked anything he wouldn't ask himself in that situation. But Dean being the protective A-hole he was, Benny didn't want him choosing to protect him over Cas on this. He watched as Dean scrutinised both of them before relaxing.
"But I'll need my car to get home." Cas argued sternly. If Cas had been anything less than happy in his presence before the incident with Ash, then Dean would have accepted the refusal without comment, but he was sure that the change in Castiels mood was more than a simple desire to shake off his one (two) nightstand.
"I'll show you mine if you show me yours!" His soulmate winked at him.
Dean chuckled, pulling Cas over to the fire by the sleeve of his jacket, and claiming the log near Benny for the two of them. Dean introduced Cas to the three guys seated around them. Adam, wearing the football jacket with his legs kicked out in front of him, Cas had no trouble believing was well included in the popular crowd. Ash was a scruffy kid in a frayed denim jacket, beer in hand and blood shot eyes and Garth, well. Garth looked far too awkward to be part of the football team and far too happy to join in with the snarky comments he associated with Charlie and Kevin, so he wasn't sure how this kid had ended up here. Other than Adam's raised brow, none of them batted an eye at the new addition to their group. Not until Charlie spoke up from the other side of the group anyway.
They wandered over slowly. Picking up on the conversation under the car with Cas complaining about the lack of rock musicians that attended private schools.
Cas considered how close he must be with the owners wondering if he was also familiar with Ash as well.
"I thought that once you found your soulmate, every one else became unimportant?" One of the guys called from the back. "Isn't that why every one freaks out if their girlfriends get a soul-mark."
"Don't worry about it..." Benny drawled, waving him off with his beer. "I've had worse from brothers."
"Not anymore!" Dean answered harshly, offended by her reaction to his soulmate.
"All I'm saying is that technically I can tell her that you slept with your soulmate last night." Charlie teased, earning a glare from Dean and catching Cass attention.
"No," Dean said grasping his hand and shaking firmly. "But your friends do."
Ellen glanced at Bobby. "you haven't spoken to your Mom today?"
Bobby's eyebrows rose as he looked between Castiel and Ellen. Both Bobby and Ellen clearly taken aback by his brutal honesty.
Castiel walked through the convention centre, manoeuvring with ease through the crowds and slipping through the security stationed at the backstage doors. He had learnt long ago, that at school competitions no matter the level, if you wore the correct formal clothes and carried a jacket, no one would stop you to check your identification. Which was a good thing tonight since he didn't have any for this competition. He made his way around the sectioned off areas looking for signs of Dean or his friends, passing the other schools who had made it to the last rounds. Dean would be facing three schools tonight, depending on how they went, of course.
"I love you Gabe."
"There's not much that I won't tell Gabe..." Cas smiled as Dean leant on the car beside him. "He has demanded that I send him a photo of you though. He wants to see who my soulmate is."
Cas clung on to him. He hadn't thought old memories could still make him lose his balance. Yesterday he would not have thought twice about the smokes in his pocket or why they were there. He certainly would not have felt the need to explain it, to any-one let alone a half-naked, near stranger. He hated feeling this needy and vulnerable, but he couldn't deny how safe he felt in Deans arms. He wasn't sure what scared him more.
"Maybe not. I'll talk to you about that soon." He answered before calling for the class to settle down and take their seats.
Dean was both relieved and disappointed when the singer turned back to the bartender who was depositing two large water bottles in front of him. He wasn't quite sure what he had been expecting, or maybe it was hoping, but it wasn't the slight smirk on the man’s face. He pondered this as he turned back to his beer until a hand smacked him on the shoulder.
'She didn't make it to the part about you being a guy. So, I'm single now.'
He picked up the phone with cheery 'hello!' as he made his way out to Deans car, leaning on the hood as Gabe questioned why he hadn't heard from him yet. From here he could see Dean and his team watching him through the window, as he apologized for getting distracted.
"So do I. I have work. I can drop you off you know."
"Thank-you!" Dean called, pulling a smug face at Charlie.
"Dean. I wouldn't give you an option I wasn't comfortable with." he replied.
"Don't be so pompous! They got here the same way we did. We wouldn't be facing them if it weren't going to be challenging!" Castiel argued.
"Bitch, I might be." He sassed.
"If you're going to take a photo of me you have to promise to get my good side." Dean winked.
We got to watch that guy meet his very own soulmate in the parking lot before the debate. So he was kinda screwed, just by having to argue against the system with his soulmate sitting there and watching him the whole time."
"I do. Do you need a set?"
"Met him at the Bar they play in the other night." He replied. "I didn't realise the mullet dude was one of yours though?"
Dean sighed, not sure where to start, as he poured the coffee and joined Bobby at the table. He didn't want to admit that the idea of Cas going out with friends, who were trying to get him laid, had him staring at the clock wondering where he was at each moment. "Cass parents haven't come home yet. The whole week Bobby, and this weekend, and they haven't even called to check on him. I tried convince him to stay here, but he wouldn't have a bar of it with Lisa hanging around."
"It's the third night in a row. I'd like to know a bit more about this asshole, if that's okay with you lot."
"Knock it off Charlie!" He warned across the room. "You don't interfere with people's relationships."
"We're done." Cas smiled passing the cloth to Dean, to clean up the coffee he spilt. "We should probably sort out where you guys want to sleep. You've got your pick of the bedrooms, as long as you don't go into my parents. Do you want the tour?"
Cas shifted his attention to Charlene as she took centre stage to open the debate. As he expected, she gave a detailed history of Soulmates and all the expectations and benefits around finding your other half. Stating openly and simply that God/the universe, had a plan, a plan to enhance the human experience and how we/the humans should take this opportunity when its presented. He nodded politely as she took her seat and was replaced by Uriel.  Uriel reiterated the history with a respectful nod at the research Charlene had presented before launching into their own argument around how fickle and complicated the system was, with millions of people baring the heartache of never experiencing such a connection, having never found their other half. Wouldn't it be easier all round if we were all on an equal playing field, without having the words inked across our skin, giving way to false hope? Adding finally, the sheer number from the latest census that showed that 70% of the population had not met their soulmates. The crowd in large was nodding along with in understanding as Uriel took his seat again.
“Cas I’m so sorry.”
“Jack. He brought me and many of my brothers back.” Cas explained
“I’m a busy woman.” She said trying to shoo him out the door.
“Huh yeah that’s why you’re killing people” Sam spat
“Djinn got him. The cure won’t work.” Sam said still holding onto his fast fading brother.
_____________Three Months Later___________
Cas shook his head “that’s not how it works.”
“It’s possible, but I don’t want to get your hopes up. It’s not likely.”
‘Don’t enter the cave without me.’
“Alright I’ve found a case” Dean said standing up and walking to the doorway.
Everyone ignored the pained looks on Dean’s and Castiel’s faces. Previously Cas had used Dean’s room, but that wasn’t an option anymore.
Cas placed two finders on Dean’s forehead and suddenly the older brother shot up.
Dean looked over but there was nothing, but an empty vessel and singed wings.
A tear slid down Sam’s cheek. “But Dean it wasn’t real.”
“Dean how could you? Cas was our friend!”
She took a step back “how do you know me?”
Cas on the other hand was heartbroken. He desperately wanted Dean to see that they were alive, awake, and together. Cas lowered his head in despair.
When Dean arrived in Flagstaff he made sure to call his brother after getting a motel room. Unfortunately no progress on the Empty front, but that was to be expected.
“They went to camp together.” Diana explained
Dean could hear a car door shut. “Where are you?” Cas asked
The angel took a pause. “Yes Dean?”
“Four teenagers. With absolutely nothing in common. No mutual friends, no former schools together, not anything except this camp. They all came here for many summers, in fact they were all counselors in training here last summer. So why did you only mention Arya?”
“Call me Dean.”
Sam sighed as Dean left the room. He was seriously worried about his brother. The back to back cases on a constant basis was not unusual. They both did it when they were low. But the only thing that Sam could think of that was wearing on Dean was Castiel’s death. Dean hadn’t even said much about it. All Sam knew was the angel had saved Dean’s life, again, but he’d lost his own. Dean wouldn’t say much more.
“Have you heard anything from Dean? He hasn’t checked in.”
“Hello Dean.” Cas said softly
They sat down at a table in the restaurant of the hotel.
“What do the rangers say about it?”
“So when are we going to talk about it?”
Knowing he wasn’t going to win Sam relented and stumbled off to his room.
“Dean...” Sam started but trailed off not knowing what to say so he sat up and before Dean could push him down again he pulled his big brother into a hug which Dean returned.
“I know. I’d have done the same thing, and Dean won’t admit it, but so would he.”
“I don’t know what you want me to say.”
“Cas don’t you see we’re meant to be? With this thing on my arm and you being an angel we’ll never have to say goodbye.”
Cas nodded knowing there was no arguing with Sam.
Unsure of what else to do Sam embraced his brother.
When they got back to the bunker Sam shook him awake, and when Dean woke up in Baby he shrugged off Sam and Cas and raced to his bedroom where he locked the door and cried. He wanted that life so bad he’d gotten lost in it, and now that he was awake and back in the real world he longed for the dream so much it hurt.
“Who needs sleep? Sleep is for the weak coffee is for the strong.”
“Well let’s go find a case.” Dean said
“Dean I’m ok.” He tried to reassure his older brother
“What about it Dean?”
Suddenly Sam heard a ‘whoosh’ behind him, and he turned around.
“Call me if you hear anything or if you need back up.”
Dean made his way back to Cas and Sam.
Leah was taken aback, but granted him permission to search for evidence. She offered him a tour, but he refused. So she lent him a golf cart that she and the staff use to get around camp. Her willingness to assist the ‘investigation’ made Sam believe she was not responsible for the disappearances.
“That’s it?” Sam asked wondering wether Dean remembered the visions or what had happened in the cave after the Djinn went down.
Crowley was at the bunker helping Sam cure Dean.
“How are you feeling Sam?” Cas asked
“Where?” The angel asked
“Why didn’t we do this sooner?” The hunter asked
“Please Sam I need to get out of here. I’ll be back soon.”
It keeps me warm as life grows colder
They arrived at the motel late at night. Slight snowfall and bitter cold greeted them as they left the car and Dean slipped on the icy ground as he made his way to the reception. Cas caught his arm and pulled him up again and for a second, they were so close that Dean stopped breathing. But Cas just smiled, asked if he was okay and took a step back when he was sure that Dean was steady again. He then walked up to the motel, his trench coat flapping behind him, snowflakes getting caught in his hair, and Dean could just stare dumbly, until a gust of wind reminded him that he was standing outside in the snowfall as well.
Castiel held his gaze with a pointed look, until Sam cleared his throat.
Cas let out a huffed laugh. “That does sound a lot like you, Dean.”
“Yes, I can. But it will be painful.”
“Dean?”
“We get Cas.”
I better read between the lines
They found it in the box and once Castiel understood what it was for, he disappeared for two days. At first, Sam and Dean were amused, then confused, then irritated and when Dean came home from a food run on the third day, he already thought about picking the lock to Castiel´s room, because he feared the angel could be hurt. But when he stood in front of said room, tool already in hand, he stopped. A familiar melody wavered through the closed door. That… that was… Guns´n´Roses. Played on a xylophone. Dean bit into his hand to keep from bursting out laughing, but he stayed for November Rain and Sweet Child of Mine, before he went to find Sam and reassured him that Cas was, in fact, fine.
I always wondered, ever since I took that burden, that curse, I wondered, what it could be, what my true happiness could even look like. And I never found an answer, because the one thing I want, it´s something I know I can´t have.”
Dean got dizzy when he looked down, so he kept his eyes closed, but started to pet Cas´ head with the hand that hurt less.
Dean let himself sink heavily on the chair and hid his face in his hands. This had been an awful idea. But now it was too late to turn back, he hadn´t had it in him to leave that room again. Maybe Cas would barge in and look at him with that confused head tilt. God what would he give to hear that deep voice again.
“We tried to make a deal with the empty and give god to it if it gave you back, but it cheated. So I just, uh, kinda hitched a ride when it swallowed god.”
Dean swallowed and blinked rapidly. When he´d regained his balance, Cas was already on the way. The hunter turned around, the feeling of Castiel´s lips still tingling on his.
Castiel smiled softly and laid his hand on Dean´s left shoulder, only for a moment. Then he turned around to get to his own room.
“I don´t care.”
“Yeah, we will.” Dean grinned. “It´s not like I´m gonna throw myself on a rusty nail and really become the spirit of Christmas. And all those sons of bitches should know better than pissing me off.”
“Yeah, sure. Well, I´ll wait for you inside, then.”
It didn´t take long to find out that there was a Christmas-themed ball in the town hall. The tickets were already sold and there was a guest list.
„I´m sorry.“
“We´ve encountered the monster and we can´t figure out what it is.”
Questioning the relatives and colleagues of the victims didn´t provide them with any more leads on what kind of creature they had to deal with, or what the victims had in common, so they returned to the motel room and called Sam. The zoom call got accepted and they had a view of the war room. Fairy lights were wrapped around the handrail at the stairs and the columns in the room. Sam was breathing heavily, and he had fir needles in his hair, but his eyes were sparkling.
“Look at me. Please.”
Cas lowered his gaze. “I´m sorry.”
“Yeah, I think it´s time you two get some sleep”, said Sam, noticing how his brother’s eyes drooped. Dean could only nod and pulled Cas along as he made his way through the bunker. Then he remembered and turned around towards Sam one more time. “What about Eileen?” Sam grinned, eyes sparkling.
Both of them leaned back in their chairs as the call ended. For a moment, they were silent, then Dean covered his face with his hand and chuckled.
Suddenly, Dean was scared. Hunting was familiar. Hunting was what he´d done for his whole life. Everything else had always felt like a farce, a charade, playing domestic because it was what he´d been supposed to do. He didn´t even realize how Cas came closer, to wrapped up in his epiphany.
So far, so agreeable, didn´t mean that hearing it didn´t hurt.
All air left Cas´ body in a long sigh as he finally felt Dean´s lips against his own. Their mouths started to move against each other, cautiously, but not rushed, not hurried. The first time that Dean´s tongue flicked against his lips, Castiel thought that his newly gained soul was about to leave his body. He arched towards Dean´s body and pulled his head close with one hand and kissed him at if he was drowning and Dean was his saving breath. Which he was. Dean groaned and pushed his tongue inside of Cas´ mouth and groaned again when the former angel started sucking on it. Suddenly, Cas was laying on his back, pressed into the mattress by the weight of Dean on top of him and Dean held himself up on one elbow and started to push Castiel´s sweatshirt up with the other one and suddenly they froze. Both men were breathing heavily, faces only inches apart, flushed, wide eyed, and neither had ever felt more alive.
Dean took a pan and started to make bacon and eggs, softly humming Metallica as he did so. When he turned around again, Cas stood beside Sam and signed a good morning to Eileen. A shiver ran through Dean as he saw the former angel so relaxed, in a T-Shirt and Sweatpants, a small smile on his face as he commented on the houses they were looking at. After he had pulled Castiel out of the empty, making him human in the process, he had told him that he loved him, too. He had pressed his lips to Cas´ in a desperate kiss and held him so tight he´d nearly crushed him. But after that, neither of them had known how to proceed. So, things had been awkward for a bit, neither knowing how to initiate another kiss or, god forbid, a conversation. They had continued mostly as before, maybe standing a bit closer to each other, hands brushing more often. Sometimes, when he felt brave, Dean pulled Castiel into a short hug when they were the last ones to go to bed after a movie night, or he´d ruffle his hair as he passed by in the morning. But Dean didn´t stay in range long enough for Cas to reciprocate, still too afraid of wanting too much, still too on edge about coming to terms with wanting Castiel to touch him. He stayed close, but not too close. With all the change happening, the pressure and purpose gone after god´s defeat, it was all he could handle.
The empty lifted one eyebrow. “Well. Good luck with that. You know what, fine. I accept the deal. Or, you know, half of it. Forever is forever, you know. But I can dispose this nuisance for you.”
“I think it´s time.”
Dean tensed, but before Cas could say anything else, he answered: “I love you, too.”
Castiel smiled, grateful for Dean´s honesty. With an insecure gaze, Dean leaned forward and hesitated, before he closed the distance between them and pressed his lips to Cas´ in an open-mouthed kiss. Cas melted under his mouth, body pressing closer and lips opening to let his tongue flick out. He was very careful to not put pressure on Dean´s injured chest and arms, but his hands were all over his face and back and Dean felt like floating, time and space and purpose just disappearing, until his whole world had reduced to this room and the warmth and scent of Castiel all around him.
“You mean, you … I could … You would…”
“Dean?”
Dean and Castiel settled on one bed and put the laptop up on the lower end. They had pizza and Glögg on their nightstands and were sitting so close that their shoulders and thighs were touching, but it was comfortable and familiar. The movie was up and when they finished eating, their hands inched closer. Dean´s heart was racing, a part of him wanted to draw back, but it had been so freeing to hold Cas´ hand in the car that he couldn´t make himself. Instead, he held his breath and took a leap again, wrapping his fingers around Castiel´s, who immediately relaxed. Dean closed his eyes for a moment and let out a long sigh, his attention bound by the warmth of Cas´ body beside him and his strong, solid hand in his. The former angel moved a bit up again, tensed, and then, as if he´d made up his mind, he let his head sink lower and laid it on Dean´s shoulder. A soft smile spread over the hunter´s face and he rested his cheek on top of Castiel´s head. His soft hair smelled of the shampoo that they shared and tickled a bit at his ear, but he didn´t move away and neither did Cas.
Cas´ gaze met Dean´s across the room and the wrinkles at the corners of his eyes deepened as he smiled at him. Dean had to hold onto the counter as the realization that Castiel loved him back hit him again, overwhelming, and scary, and euphoric. He cleared his throat.
“We have to – lay it´s head at its ass? What the hell, man?”
“I don´t want to be scared to lose you all the time. I don´t want your blood on my hands and live in the constant fear of something coming and taking you away from me.”
Dean´s eyes wandered over to Castiel, who threw Dean an incredulous look.
“Are you okay?”
I wanna feel what love is
Dean and Cas kneeled on the floor for a moment longer, just looking at each other in the bright light of the living world. Then time flooded back and Sam dropped to his knees next to them and wrapped them both in a tight hug. After a moment, Jack joined them, awkwardly lowering himself to the ground and getting pulled in by Dean and Cas both. With a shaky breath, Dean relaxed into the warmth of his family around him, alive, breathing, and safe.
But Cas´ eyes wandered to the wall behind him and when Dean turned, a black mass erupted from it and the door flew open and he was out of time.
“Do you like Christmas?” asked Cas.
“Dean, that´s bullshit. You two go on that hunt and be back in a few days, and if you can´t make it for Christmas, you won´t be alone. It´s a good plan, don´t be a jerk.”
The last lines blurred in front of Dean´s eyes. He had to put the letter down on the desk, his hands shook too much to allow him to read. His body cramped under the force of his sorrow. “You idiot. You damn idiot, how could you not have known? I lo… me, too, you hear me, Cas?! You could have had it. All of it. You … just … I want you back. I need you, and I want you back, and how could you think for a second that I don´t love you back?”
“Castiel!”
“Do you want to lay down while I´m stitching these?”
“But what about you? Are you okay?”
“The one that can find god, I remember.” Cas just smiled; no tension suggested that the memory bothered him.
“I don´t want to get up.”
For a moment, they were both silent, munching on their pizza. But it was a comfortable silence and Dean relaxed into it. He heard the wind howling around the corners of the house and in the light of a lantern outside, he watched the snow fall. He smiled faintly. It could be worse.
Dean grumbled and waved his hand dismissively, which brought his gauze-wrapped arm into Sam´s sight and made him wince.
“Everyone”, croaked Dean and their eyes met.
“Cas? Cas, are you okay?”
The empty seemed to consider it.
Sam grinned, but opened his mouth to argue. Cas was faster.
Dean didn´t argue. They got up and Cas got out to get coffee and breakfast while Dean struggled with his clothes, his injured arms hurting and stinging. With a curse, the hunter swallowed more pills and started his laptop. He dug through some of the databases, but nothing quite fit the profile of the monster. The date at the bottom of the screen seamed to double in size every time he dismissed an idea. The 23
“Cas…”
Dean smiled tiredly and caressed his cheek. “Did you sleep well? Does your head hurt?”
“DEAN!”
Castiel smiled and pulled himself up to wrap his arms around Dean´s shoulders.
“Cas, can you tell Jack that breakfast is ready?”
“There´s nothing to be sorry for. I understand. You have been through so much and now it´s over and that´s a lot to take in, too.”
The empty´s scream tore through the room and Dean froze. He could feel the power of this being in every cell of his body. Briefly, he looked over at his family. Sam swallowed hard and Jack looked like he wanted to go and hide somewhere. Even Chuck seemed … not scared. But worried. And that was enough for Dean. He knew this would work. He knew it had to. There was only one way.
“Yes, we did it. You never cease to amaze me, Dean Winchester.”
A shaky inhale and Dean wanted nothing more that to wrap his arms around Cas and hold him together, but the words rooted him to the spot, his mind was a tumble of panicked, soaring, complicated thoughts and Cas´ eyes were so shiny and he couldn´t look away.
Cas hesitated, but his face had become darker, as if he were swallowed by shadows.
There was a rasping sound that Dean´s shocked mind clung to. Irregular, but repetative. It took a while until he realized that it was his own breath rattling in his lungs. His eyes kept flicking around the room, as if Cas would suddenly reappear. As if he´d just get up and come over to Dean with that familiar concern edged into his blue eyes and then Dean could grab him and hug him and never let him go and tell him … And tell him … He didn´t tell him. And now Cas would never know. A sob forced it´s way out of Dean´s constricted chest and burned in his eyes. He pressed his hands into his eyes, tears streaming over his face. A buzz. His phone. Sam! Jack! They needed him, Dean should get up and help them safe the world. But his just had ended and he couldn´t convince his hand to answer the call. Dean just sagged against the cool wall and mourned Castiel, angel of the lord, the one who had gripped him tight and raised him from perdition.
“I think all of the victims have been alone, so it will probably be more effective if we split up.”
“Cas, how much of a soul do you need?”
I wanna know what love is
And it wasn´t harder than taking the first breath of fresh air after a long time underground when Dean answered. “I love you, too.”
“You are the most caring man on earth, you are the most selfless, loving human being that I´ll ever know. You know, ever since we met, ever since I pulled you out of hell, knowing you has changed me.”
Dean stopped at the door to his room and reluctantly let go of Cas´ hand. His heart started beating faster and he had a hard time looking at the angel´s face. Despite everything that had been said in the empty, he felt a bit lost. How do you switch from being best friends with someone to being, what, boyfriends? Literally soulmates? Dean blushed even thinking about it.
Dean tried to talk, cleared his throat and tried again: “I´m getting you out of here. Did you really think I could leave you like this after… after you…”
“What? I can´t … Where did
Dean swallowed and nodded, ignoring that this was the closest they had come to actually talking about their, well, not-quite relationship.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Yes, of course I do, Dean. I think I was pretty clear about that by now.”
Dean could just stare with red, burning eyes and shake his head.
“I mean, would half of a soul be enough for you to become human?”
It was Castiel who closed the distance between them and kissed Dean this time. Then he smiled more vibrant than Dean had ever seen.
“What do you mean?”
And Cas reached into Dean´s chest and pulled and he felt it in every fiber of his being. Dean screamed and spurred Cas on and clung to his other hand as if he wanted to break it and then it was done. Numbness filled him. He stared at the bright flare of his own soul with curiosity. Suddenly he didn´t know anymore why he´d done this. What was the point anyways? Cas met his eye, a steely glint in the blue orbs, and twisted the globe of pure light, carefully, lovingly, but with determination. And in his hands, it came apart, one became two and before Dean could even believe his eyes, Cas shoved one half of the soul back into his chest and the other half into his own.
A moment before Sam ended the call, Jack entered the frame with his hands full of Christmas tree decorations and fairy lights wrapped around his shoulders.
“Yes. Everything. For you.”
Cas  squeezed his shoulder. “It´s okay. It´s different now, I know. Please let us go back so I can take care of you.”
“No, forget it, bitch. I´m never gonna let you live this down. Man, you look like Mary Poppins!”
“We had that one nice Christmas, even in a motel room. That was 2007, before… well, before I went to hell. Sam and I had a case and I wanted to celebrate, I mean, I thought it´d be the last time, you know. He didn´t want to at first, but in the end, we had a pretty decent evening. Eggnog and decorations and gifts and a game on TV. It was nice. Not as nice as Christmas with Mrs. Butters though.” Now both of them were laughing when they remembered the wood nymph, and the laughter left a warm feeling in Dean´s belly, that felt a little bit like Christmas, too. He grinned at Cas and the former angel grinned back, eyes sparkling and teeth showing, and Dean wanted to kiss him so badly it nearly hurt. But he didn´t dare to. But he lifted his hand and squeezed Cas´ shoulder before he leaned back and stretched his arms over his head.
He emptied his magazine into the body of the creature. It wailed, but still moved, so Dean took his silver and iron knifes and jumped into close combat. He sliced and stabbed and hit and kicked and he would rip this thing apart with his bare hands if he needed to, but it would curse the day it had taken Castiel away from him again. Dean didn´t feel the claws of the monster on his skin and the smell of the blood dripping from his face and he didn´t realize that his attacks were in vain. He just wanted it to suffer like he did.
Dean silently shook his head.
The police were very eager to help detectives “Hammet” and “Burton” and handed them the files without a second glance at their IDs. They also gave them the address to the morgue, where another helpful pathologist showed them to the victims and then left them to it. The monster obviously didn´t have a type, one of the victims was a woman in her forties who had come back from a working dinner that had taken longer and included more cocktails than expected. Another one was a seventeen-year-old boy who had come home from a LAN party in the early morning hours (there were obviously still people who did that). The other two had been a businessman who had been passing through this town and had spent his evening in the local bar, and a woman in her late twenties who had been born here and had been on a party at a friend´s house. They apparently had nothing in common except for the fact that they all had been at some kind of party before they died.
Determination shone in the angels´ eyes.
Dean and Castiel took in the scenery. Then they turned towards each other. The lights around them glittered in their eyes.
“You said something about family breakfast yesterday?”
Dean closed his eyes and let their foreheads touch. Everything was said. And they waited for the darkness to pass.
In case I need it when I'm older
Dean sighed deeply. “I know. Let´s go.”
I don't know if I can face it again
“Yeah, it´s just… yeah.”
“Cas, I”, the hunter bit his lip, but in the end, it was easier than he thought.
He didn´t finish the sentence. He didn´t have to. Sam held him closer.
“So, if I shouldn´t be able to get in, maybe I will be able to get out?”
Dean smiled softly. “Do some research if you want, but I think we´ve got it. Have a good time and say hello to Eileen and Jack.”
“Who will fill the power vacuum that god will leave?”
Cas turned around and his eyes got comically wide before they narrowed. “Are you playing games with me?”
“You get god, we get Cas back.”
God´s eyes grew bigger and bigger the longer he watched them perform the ritual. As Dean lit the herbs in the bowl he silently swore to himself that it would be the last time. One more ritual. One more time. One more fight. And then he´d be done. He had plans, or ideas, but none of them would be worth anything if this didn´t work. So he set his jaw and concentrated on the chant, ignoring the muffled protests of Chuck behind him.
“You changed me, Dean.”
“Should we, uhm, lay down then?”
They held each other’s gaze, a thousand words said without a sound. But the mood in the room changed, a lot of people got up and were ready to go. Dean sighed and leaned back, only now realizing how close they had been. “The sooner we wrap this up, the sooner we´re out of here.”
No more words were said. No more words were needed.
It was a long time later when they pulled back to catch their breath, faces still so close together that they shared the same air. Dean thought he might explode from the magnitude of his feelings swiveling around just under his skin. When he opened his eyes again, the first thing he saw were Cas´ damp, red, parted lips and his heart jumped. Cas´ fingers played in his hair and he was so comfortable that he thought he might just fall back asleep, but his grumbling stomach obviously had other plans. Cas chuckled.
“So, that´s that I guess.”
The hunter grumbled until “Driving home for Christmas” played on the radio. By the end of the day, even Castiel knew the lyrics by heart.
Dean bit his lip.
“Cas?”
When they finally stopped and rested their foreheads against each other, Dean´s head swam, and his hands were shaking, and he had never been happier in all his life. Cas´ hand drew small circles on his shoulder, his eyes were closed, lips slightly swollen and wet and Dean´s heart tried to jump out of his chest with love. He pressed his lips once more against Castiel´s because he would let him, and Dean could, and he wanted to.
Cas´ smile shone like the damn sun.
Her gaze swept over Dean´s gauze-covered arms and the bandages that peeked out from under his T-Shirt.
“I don´t friggin´ care! Do it!”
Sam snorted. “Sure, whatever.”
Dean nodded. “I know. We make it up as we go, huh?”
It took some time for Castiel to wake up. The first thing that he realized was the source of warmth before him and he pressed closer, a contended sigh on his lips. Hair tickled his nose and he rubbed it against soft skin. He dozed off again for some time, before the events of the night before caught up with him and he tensed. Slowly, Castiel opened his eyes. Deans head rested on his arm, which had gone a bit numb, but he could still feel the warm breaths ghost over his skin. Dean´s body rose and fell gently and suddenly, Cas felt like crying. Out of gratitude that he was allowed to be here and hold Dean in his arms. Out of sadness over the wasted time, over all the tragedy in their lives. Out of happiness. Out of love. He buried his nose in Dean´s neck again. His voice was raw with emotion when he whispered:
Castiel returned and they shared pizza and beer while Dean explained their plan for the next day:
“Neither do I.”
The last time, Dean had been frozen in place, stunned by the sheer force of Cas´ confession. Shocked by how fast everything had changed. This time, the terror of absolutely nothing going according to plan made him fast. It made him desperate and stupid and so determined, he didn´t realize what he himself was doing, before he launched himself at Chuck and clung to him as the black mass engulfed him. Then everything went black and the last thing he heard was Sam´s voice.
“If I experienced a moment of true happiness, the empty would be summoned, and it would take me forever.”
“How did you get here in the first place? The empty is not a place for humans, you shouldn´t even be able to get in.”
“And I need you!” The shout echoed through the empty. Dean looked around. In fact, the darkness began to lift. And Cas became a little… pale. A little less real. Not much yet. But noticeably. Dean panicked and pulled Cas close again, held him as tight as he could.
“Several cases of murders in Manitowoc, Wisconsin. Apparently, four people have disappeared on their way home from different festivities. Two have been found later, with severe wounds, but it´s not clear what caused these.”
Then it dawned on him.
“I guess your best chance is to find out where the next party and/or festivity takes place and go from there. Take a little bit of everything; salt, iron, silver, holy water, maybe even dead man´s blood, and see what happens. I think you should be able to handle it. I´m gonna do some research, maybe I´ll find something.” Sam looked at someone behind the screen and signed: “Dean and Cas. I´m gonna explain later.”
Castiel turned around and met Dean´s confused and worried eyes. His tone implied that he had been trying to get the former angel´s attention for some time.
Sam closed his laptop, nodding. “We´ll leave in 15?”
Castiel wrapped him in a tight embrace and whispered wonderful, gentle words into his hair. Dean clung to him as if his life depended on it, sobbing into his neck and it took a long time before he realized that he repeated the words “you´re alive, you´re alive” again and again, and even then, it took a long time for him to stop. Slowly, his tears subsided and he felt slightly embarrassed, but not enough to let go. Castiel seemed to be happy to hold him. However, Dean started to feel his body tremble and his arms and chest burned. He drew back and winced. Castiel looked down at his arms and his eyes widened. “You
“And some more painkillers.”
“See you later.”
“Welcome home.”
In my life there's been heartache and pain
He laid his forehead against the hunter´s. “I love you, Dean Winchester. And I want to be with you in every sense of the word.”
Cas´ voice was gravelly and deep and he was clearly worried.
Finally, Dean answered: “You know, we didn´t celebrate Christmas very often. When I was a kid, my dad wasn´t always there on Christmas. But the few times that we actually did celebrate were quite nice. When I was twelve, Sam gave me the necklace as a present. You know, the one that I gave to you when you”, he stopped there, suddenly remembering the purpose of the necklace.
Cas stepped closer, his wet eyes fixed on Dean´s and everything else melted away, leaving just the two of them in their own universe and Dean didn´t want to hear it and he couldn´t wait.
The sentence took a moment to sink in, but then a broad smile spread on the hunter´s face.  “Yeah. I really am.”
Hope tore through Deans veins like fire, maybe they could pull something of, just one more time. Beat the odds, get out of the bunker, do what they were meant to do. But it didn´t last long.
Dean startled and looked up. He kneeled in the bunker´s basement, where they had performed the ritual. Where Cas had sacrificed himself. Sam and Jack stood just a few feet away, a chair was lying on the ground as if one of them had stood up so quickly, it had fallen over. He squinted into the bright light everywhere around him and finally, his eyes landed on Castiel. Cas. Real. Human. Alive. He smiled.
I want you to show me
On the way to his bed, Dean passed by the door to Cas´ room and stared forlorn at the dark wood. He tried to imagine the angel sleeping in there, or coming through the door to join him on a hunt.
They got up, changed, and sorted out the weapons they were going to hide in their clothes. All the while, they shared glances, blushing and giddy. Cas had his hand already on the door handle when Dean gripped his hand and held him back.
“I don´t want to hunt anymore. I will come with you, but I do –“
"Probably," He closed his eyes, focusing on the feeling of Dean pressed against him. "But I know the feeling."
"Was it good?" Balthazar chimed in, "Or did his looks give way for disappointment?"
"You fucker! I can't even remember my street name at this point, I'm just following the directions I was given. I had to take the bus! I'm walking home, by the way, I am not getting on that thing again." He ranted, trying to inject more anger into his voice than he had left, as Dean laughed at him.
Cas laughed as threw his jacket onto their pile of bags. Placing his hands on his hips to look at Dean disapprovingly. He had buried his hands in his pockets, rocking on his feet like a kid who had been caught doing the wrong thing. It would be cute if it wasn't for the cheeky grin that stayed on his face.
Bobby glanced at his hand briefly, before grasping it and shaking. "Don't call me that kid. It's Bobby.
Dean chuckled as he looked at his plate, carefully avoiding his gaze, while Sam laughed at their argument.
Cas didn't come out to the bar during intermission that night. Ash's bandages were almost soaked through with blood thanks to the aggravation that came with beating the crap out of the drums for hours. He sent of a quick message to Dean to let him know and confirm that they were still on for later. He spent his break stemming the bleeding with ice before cleaning and re-dressing his hands. Ash seemed to find it all terribly amusing. Rambling on about how badass he must look to the crowd as the white bandages slowly turned red. While he didn't disagree on that he was still too concerned about his friend’s wellbeing to enjoy it in the same way. Honestly, he was more annoyed at the fact that he was the only one to stay behind with Ash. The rest of the group, Balthazar included, had disappeared into the bar early and had not returned until Cas was getting ready to track them down. Even more strange, they all came back at once looking way too calm to have been harassed into coming back. He decided that whatever they had been up too, could wait until later as they made their way back out on stage.
"What the hell was that about Ellen." Dean demanded.
"Dean, I was wondering when you would get here." She said eyeing Sam.
"They invited a public school?" Cas interrupted.
Dean surprised him by sitting on the edge of the bed and pulling the still standing Castiel flush against him mouthing at his now constricted borrowed boxers. Dean pulled the boxers down, staring up at him while taking his length into his mouth. Cas cursed, running his hand through Deans hair, as he watched Dean suck him using a hand to massage the base of his cock that he couldn’t fit in his mouth. For some-one who hadn’t been with a guy before, he had no hesitation in putting his mouth and hands to work to bring Cas to his peak. Keeping his eyes on him the whole time. The only sign of inexperience, was the way he froze as Cas spilled into his mouth, blinking in surprise before working him through his orgasm.
Cas, who hadn't taken his eyes off Dean, started buttoning his shirt up now that Dean had turned to Sam to explain.
"Stop staring Sammy! You're making him nervous." Dean said smacking Sam on the arm. "Dig in Cas, they won't bite.
"Coffee Sammy!" Dean chided, holding the mug away from the boy and wrapping his free hand around him. "He's affectionate."
"I think you just got played!" Kevin laughed at Dean.
"I could have been going for a piss you know?" Benny said, looking at him curiously.
“Fuck.” Dean groaned as Cas gripped his hips and waited for Dean to sink down on him. “Fuck!”
He found them, standing in their sectioned area currently revisiting the argument over Deans clothing choices, although some-one had forced him into black slacks and a pair of formal shoes this time. Cas wondered who had managed that feat.
"Just checking if you’re a virgin actually." Cas laughed, breaking through the tension. "Not gonna lie, that would stress me out a bit."
"I told you she was a bitch!" Sam muttered under his breath.
"Really. When?"
Cas held up the Impala keys waiting for him to remember. He patted down his pocket with growing confusion, glaring at the ground like it had stolen them.
"Sam was hoping you'd like to come to the movies with us." He answered studying the purple bags under his eyes and washed-out colour in his face. It didn't look like he had gotten any sleep. "How was the party last night?"
"I want to bring Castiel." He smirked making Bobby chuckle. Dean would never admit how quickly his mood picked up at the words, not having to fake his smile for the first time since arriving home yesterday.
"Shut it." Dean said glancing at the stage as he sat down. The crowd of dancers, was larger than it had been the previous night, swaying and jumping to the beat of the song Cass band were blasting. The band radiated the same high energy levels, dancing around each other on stage and riling the crowd up.
"Which is a really good reason for you to stop teasing me!" he growled, running his teeth along his neck.
"Go back to sleep then." Cas whispered, with a hint of amusement, as he ran his hand through Deans hair.
"Cas?" Castiel chuckled.
Cas sighed heavily. He knew there was a possibility. He knew that Ash went through periods of harming himself without intent. But that was the point. "When he goes through a depressive episode, he becomes reckless. He stops caring if he harms himself and over time that leads to intentional harm. You see... He may not have meant to do it. But that coupled with the fact he was drunk of his ass before a gig. He knows better."
"Oh, I'm sorry!" He matched her drama. "Did I offend you?"
Cas rubbed the back of his neck in thought. "Michael and Lucifer moved out years ago. Anna's at Stanford and Gabe got a marketing position in Chicago last year. He was home for a visit last week but he flew back on Wednesday."
Ash took another drag as Cas stowed the pack back in his pocket and rested his head on the wall. "Take one from me and you don't have to open that pack."
"No problem."
"So you're trying to stop it before it starts type deal?"
When the impala pulled up at the front of Kevin's house this time, it carried three occupants not two. Deciding that Ash was in no state to be driving anywhere Dean offered him a lift. They were headed to the same place anyway. Ash hopped out squinting in the sunlight.
"Sorry?" Ellen asked, lost at the turn in conversation.
"Maybe next time you should bring your own friend." Dean smirked as he gathered his forgotten drink and stood, checking his pockets for his keys and wallet.
Cas laughed easily. "Not tonight. No-ones home for the weekend, so I won't be missed. Where are we going?"
"This is my Uncles place. His business, his house and his scrap yard. It's a little messy at times, but it's home."
Jo chuckled as she grasped his hand, shaking with a stronger grip and more confidence than her friend had done previously. Cas noticed that while Faith looked like she had just stepped out of the church choir, Jo looked like the type to hold her own against any one. She wore frayed jeans and stood with her feet firmly planted, her hair pulled back in a pony tail with only a few strands escaping to frame her face. Where Faith looked vulnerable, Jo looked steady with a glint in her eye that said not to mess with her.
"We were. But apparently my friends got impatient... and we were done anyway." He answered with a grin.
When the crowd settled, the moderator announced Madison Prep, introducing Uriel as the first speaker. Cas noticed that Dean watched the moderator with interest as Uriel stepped out. The next name to be called out was his own. Castiel Novak, second speaker. He stepped out of the wings, grinning as a cheer went up in the group of Madison students near the stage, he nodded politely to the panel as he took his seat beside Uriel. He caught Deans eye in time to see him mouth 'Novak' with a grin. He tried to suppress a laugh, as Dean wiggled his eyebrows at him while biting his pen, covering his mouth with his hand as Balthazar was announced. Balth being his pompous self, made a show of bowing to the audience before taking his seat.
"Don't worry." Cas said quietly against his neck. "I'm not going anywhere with that.
"Loud enough to drown out everything!" Cas threw his head back laughing. "I spent a week with my ears ringing last time."
"Who was it?"
"I don't think he cares about your clothes brother." Benny said as Perdition started up another song. "He seems to like you just fine."
"Don't tell me that's your soulmate." Meg said.
"Consider it a standing invitation," Bobby agreed, "Soulmates are family here Castiel. If you ever need a place to stay or a shoulder to lean on, you're welcome here."
He watched as Dean headed off towards the Impala and motioned for Ash to follow with him.
Maybe his response was excessive as he cut the call off, but he wasn't in the mood to deal with Gabe in mom mode, with less than five hours of sleep. What did bring a smile to his face was Deans fingers trailing up his chest and back down to his hip bones, teasing the sensitive skin there.
Dean shifted slightly, looking across the room before he remembered the mattress containing his friends on the floor. He nodded in understanding as he buried his dace back in Cass chest, running his hand under the blanket and up the inside of Cass shirt. Cas supressed a chuckle, even half asleep in a room with his friends, he managed to be blatantly bold. He wrapped his arms around him, kissing him lightly on the top of his head, as Dean smirked into his shirt. It was this simple interaction that made Cas certain that he wasn’t imagining things; Dean wanted more than friendship.
Charlie and Kevin turned to grin at Cas, Charlie pulling her best puppy dog eyes at him. Cas avoided their looks in favour of studying Deans glare.
"I think this would be easier if we agreed not to lie to each other, don't you?" He said softly now. Dean found he had to focus to catch all the words, which was made more difficult by his desire to close the distance between their lips.
"Yes, don't we all. Kevin, do you want to elaborate on what you were actually debating?"
"Fuck you." Dean muttered, getting to his feet as they were dismissed and holding his hand out to Cas with a short demand. "Show me your timetable."
"Just point me in the right direction Sammy." Dean said, ignoring the uncomfortable feeling that was settling in the pit of his stomach.
"When I was eleven or twelve... I think."
"Bumming around a hotel for one of Dads work conferences some-where." Cas shrugged, that was usually the line they feed him, he hadn't stopped to ask for details for years.
He pulled back slowly, hoping the breathing space would help him clear his head. The sight of Deans lust blown eyes trained on his mouth didn't do anything help him think. However, the sound of a car pulling up next to him did.
"I take it Lisa didn't take the news well." Benny said, getting comfortable with his back against the tree.
"The band name is Perdition."
"Just maybe?" The man asked suppressing a smile as Bennys' laughter continued.
"Help me!" He pleaded. "I need a quick public school 101."
Cas rubbed the back off his neck, scrunching up his face, before he answered. "I actually got a lift here with Balth."
"If you are uncomfortable, we don't have to continue" he stated. "I hope you know this. I don't want anything to happen here if you're not sure."
In the middle of all this and he was thinking about the damn car! That had to be something unique to Dean alone, he thought, pulling a rectangular device from his pocket. It was slightly larger than a standard business card and a bit weightier. He held it up between two fingers, unsure what to make of Deans quick grin as he plucked it out of his hand. Cas watched as he dropped it in his back pocket without so much as a glance, confusing not just him but Lisa as well. Sam, on the other hand, stood smirking at his brothers’ actions.
Cas didn't ask what they had been talking to Benny about before they went back on stage, but he sure as hell asked while they were packing up.
Sam's face broke into a wide grin as he stepped forward to wrap his arms around his brother’s soulmate. He might not agree with Cass stance on staying out of Deans relationship, but he loved how much the guy wanted to do the right thing by his brother. Neither saw the way Dean grinned at the sight of them embracing, or the way Lisa turned up her nose and rolled her eyes at them.
"This is going to be an interesting term. I hope your planning to help Dean pass if you're going to distract him like this each lesson."
"Dean" Cas said taking his hands and drawing him closer. "Like anything, it's about communication. If you want something, tell me. If your uncomfortable with something, tell me. We can figure out what works for us together."
"I don't mind being on my own. It means I can play as loud as I like, for as long as I like. But I'll admit, your place definitely more interesting." Cas replied, getting up and putting the guitar back.
"You shouldn't be seeing him at all!"
Cas let him talk through it. He had no idea what to say in return, his relationship with his parents was strained at best and he didn't have a Bobby to go home to. He did however, pay close attention to what Sam told him. Dean hadn't spoken about their parents much either. It was nice to have a better understanding of how they were raised. In the end, he convinced Sam that despite the references to his parents, neither Bobby or Ellen had intended to hurt him by the comparison and blaming them for it wasn't the best way to show his love for Bobby.
"And now I'm standing here, not wearing a single thing that didn't come out of your cupboards! Hell, I just used your toothbrush!"
"No actually." Dean stepped in, turning to face the class. "He's mine.
"Thanks!" Cas sassed, raising his brows at her.
Dean felt his heart swell when he walked into find them laughing together as Sam picked his way through 'Chasing cars'. He avoided leaving Sam alone with Lisa, having come back to find them either resolutely ignoring each other or ready to murder each other as they argued. Obviously, he had no such concerns when it came to these two. They were both more than happy in each other’s company.
"You poor bastard! I should have warned you about that, huh?"
They were pulled out of their discussion about underrated rock songs when the lights came on, drawing their attention to the crowd exiting the theatre as they spoke. Sam was leaning against the row of seats in front of them, playing with the straw of his soda, as he stared at them.
Meg laughed through the speaker. "As much as we could get into him!"
"And?"
"I have to get up in the morning. I have school."
"Alright Dean" He said, bringing his attention back to Deans' face. "I haven't seen you here before. First time?"
Dean did a small dance, rubbing it in Benny's face before Benny pointed in his direction with a smirk. The embarrassment on Deans face only lasted a second.
"You're kidding right?... right?" Dean asked sitting up to look at him.
"Benny's here." Sam said to Dean, kicking his feet lightly.
Dean took full advantage of sharing a shower to run his hands along each tattoo displayed on Cass body. Surprised to find that he had missed the expansive wings that covered most of his back, traveling over his shoulders and half his arms.
"What happened?" He repeated slowly.
"Oh. You see that really pretty guy in the middle there?" Charlie asked the class, getting a few appreciative comments from the girls in the class. "I'm glad you agree Lisa, he is gorgeous isn't he?
"I don't have to like it." he said honestly, dropping the subject.
As the afternoon rolled, Bobby sent him to wash up, telling him to head over to the house and wait for Dean who should be home before long. Cas did as he was told, ignoring the request that he find some food, and heading straight for the coffee once he was in the house. Without the noise of the shop, and Bobby's swearing, he felt increasingly alone standing in the silent house. The longer he stood, coffee in hand, the more his mood fell again as the events of the last few days played through his head on loop.
"So..." Dean said catching Cass attention again. "Boyfriend?"
"What's wrong with what I'm wearing?" The guy in the leather jacket asked. "I can woo the crowd better when I'm not dressed in a monkey suit!"
"Does Dean know you're here?" Bobby asked breaking his silence to bring Cas back into the present.
When Cas didn't pull away from his embrace Dean tentatively began tracing his chest again. Cas closed his eyes, letting go off Deans hand and bring his own up behind his head, running his fingers through Deans hair. He could feel his heart beat increase against his back, as he dropped his chin on his shoulder. He knew this was getting close to crossing that line of friendship that they had agreed to, but he was unwilling to break the moment, with Deans music softly filling the room, as he enjoyed the touch of his soulmate roaming over his heart. It wasn't something he would have had the courage to initiate but he was glad Dean hadn't found a problem with it. Tomorrow he would be back to his own world, rushing through the halls of his school and facing the expectations of his friends and teachers, but right now, he was here in this quiet room, with no-where else to be and all day to get there. He was in no rush to move.
Cas pushed him back, eyeing his own tented boxers as he settled into the middle of the bed, and climbed on top. Kissing him breathlessly and licking the taste of himself off Deans tongue. Dean moaned his name as he slipped his into the band of his boxers, bucking his hips as he teased him.
"Swearing on your first day! How very public school of you." Dean teased as he sauntered down the isle, with the class and his friends watching on closely open mouthed at the change in tone.
"Wait, three times." Gabriel stared. "No wonder you didn't sleep!"
Cas stopped his pacing to watch Sam strum awkwardly. It made him feel better to here that it wasn't his fault Dean was changing his plans, though he doubted that his girlfriend would see things that way with him standing in their house.
"Exactly." Dean said, reclaiming his phone and sending a reply.
"Of course, I will."
He pondered how to find them as he walked into his next class. Heading straight for the teachers desk to complete the ritual of introducing himself and ignoring the rowdy class behind him. The teachers name was something long and complicated that he couldn't even pretend to pronounce. When he asked for clarification, he was told very simply that students just called him 'Mr B' or 'Sir', he didn't expect any students to be able to pronounce his name correctly. Unlike the other teachers who had sent him to find a seat quickly, this guy requested he wait while he looked up his transcripts on his laptop.
Bobby didn't bother sitting her down in his office like he had with Cas. Ellen had always preferred to be on her feet and moving if she could. So they wandered the shop absently as she talked. She told him briefly about the case she was working and how she had raided this guys house a few days back. The problem with the warrant was the fine print, she didn't have enough evidence for a full raid, this meant that she could only take evidence in plain sight if it was kept inside a closed cupboard or hidden safe she couldn't touch it, but if the doors were open she could claim it. This presented her people with a major problem when they found the house and this guys personal office, neat and tidy with everything packed away behind closed doors.
"And you call me arrogant!" Balth stared at him. "Who the hell is this guy?"
"Alright," Cas called for their attention again, "Are we done with this?"
Cas shook his head, "Only enough to appreciate them." he admitted.
"No."
"Definitely a compliment." He said. Watching the guys expression turn serious as the tension grew between them.
"Something slow."
"You're not kidding," Faith said as she watched them. "You really are soulmates?"
"What the shit!" Gabe straightened up glaring at Deans entrance. "What are you doing here?"
It was the same as waking with Dean wrapped around him in bed. He was content. Even after his crappy morning, running into Hannah of all people while he was fighting back nausea, Deans arm around him and his breath hot against his ear made him feel at home. Not his home perhaps, but the overwhelming sense of belonging when you found your place in the world. That was what Dean was for him. He wasn't sure when they stopped paying attention to the film altogether. Being vaguely aware that they were still in the movie theatre as they conversed in hush tones, their bodies turned in on each other, making the best of the hard seat.
"I told you not to bring people over unannounced!"
"Holy shit."
"He and I agreed to getting to know each other as friends. We both have girlfriends Lisa. We don't need to be in a relationship just because we're soulmates!"
Castiel looked disgusted at the thought. "Naked women with fake boobs. hmm... Not really my thing is it!"
"You haven't done anything wrong Cas. We're going to talk about this when I get home." Dean said gently squeezing his shoulder, before walking out of the house, leaving Sam and Cas watching as Lisa chased him out.
"He's a good kid."
"Because you spend most of your time baiting people!" Cas glared at him, with a small smile tugging at his mouth. "Self-control can be beneficial you know."
"Well, see for yourself." She responded, pointing her beer at the bar where Dean and Castiel had found a way to converse with minimum space between them. It didn’t take some-one knowing them the way Benny knew Dean, to see how interested they were in each other. They might have been the only two people in the club for how much attention they paid to the people around them.
Dean looked at Bobby for an explanation. Bobby returned his look of confusion, having no idea what Sam was playing at. "What friend are we picking up?"
Dean flicked on the lights to the kitchen and pulled two beers out of the fridge. Handing one to Cas before jumping up and sitting on the bench top. He motioned for Cas to join him. Cas twisted the cap off, dropping it in the trash and taking a mouthful before perching on the counter next to him.
"If you want breakfast before we have to leave, we need to look at getting up." Dean sat up, blinking the sleep out of his eyes when an arm snaked around his middle, pulling him back down.
"Neither would I." He countered half-heartedly. "What am I going to do with him?"
"So I wear your bracelet and you wear my watch?" Dean asked biting back a smile.
Dean could feel the tension radiating off his little brother as they drove home. He was grateful to Sam for how hard he was biting his tongue though, he hadn't made a single snarky remark, despite Lisa's less than friendly greeting to him. Lisa spent the trip talking about the plans she had made for them over the weekend, that included a party Saturday and shopping trips with her girlfriends that she was planning on dragging him along for, when Sam interrupted her.
Cas dropped his hand away and surged forward to capture his mouth, sinking into the urgent kiss and Dean began to think that Cas might not be as slow and collected as he originally thought.
Dean and Meg picked up their orders before heading over to the table. Hannah was trying to regain his attention by asking how he knew this excited kid, who had now taken a seat beside him smiling broadly at her.
"That's my friends plans for me." Cas shrugged. "Drunken one-night stands aren't that appealing to me."
Cas couldn't find any trace of a lie in his face, relaxing slowly he turned back to watching the video with a smile tugging at his lips. It was sweet, watching how they danced together, their attention entirely focused on each other so much that they missed Kevin walking in on them.
Cas stared at him for a moment before turning back to the others with a small shrug. "I'm in. Can you imagine the look on Balthazar and Daniels faces when I show up representing a pubic school?"
"I'm asking about the coffee Dean. Not how you want to take me." Cas laughed. "But... I mean... If you have a preference, feel free to share."
"Which makes you....?" He asked, a little concerned now.
The guy looked like a sleaze-ball. A big fake rock in his ear and his hair spiked up so much that it was clear he had spent an hour in front of the mirror this morning. But it wasn't that that made Cas dislike him. It was the overly cocky swagger, the smirk like he was gods gift and the way he greeted the girls across from them with a highly suggestive 'Hey ladies!' topped off with an exaggerated wink. If that wasn't bad enough to turn his opinion, the way both girls pulled back from the desk and attempting to cover their bodies with disgusted looks etched across both their faces convinced him that this guy wasn't worth the money he had paid for that fake earing.
“But Chuck- oh that bastard. He told me. Well it doesn’t matter he lied.”
Cas nodded and flew away.
“Hey Sam what’s up?” She said after picking up the phone.
“Do you know them?”
“Bitch.” Dean replied
After a second Dean registered something cold between his hand and Cas’s. He looked down and realized Cas had put his ring back on. He’d taken it off after they’d gotten back to the bunker after the ghost hunt that had nearly killed Sam. After he’d told the nurse Cas was his husband.
‘Sammy’ Dean thought terrified “Can I see him?” He managed to ask.
“We have to try” Dean said
“I never thought of it like that but yes.”
“Dean-“
“What?”
The ghost made contact with Sam instead and threw him across the graveyard there was a loud CRACK and Sam went still.
“Yes Dean I heard your prayers. I’m sorry I couldn’t be there for you. But...” Cas stopped talking he had no idea how to finish his sentence.
“I’m good.” Dean tried to protest
Faintly an alarm went off in the bunker and a few minutes later Dean came back into Sam’s room. Cas sighed.
Next Dean was in another memory. It was the night Jack was born. Cas stepped out of the portal and looked at Dean. The Hunter breathed a sigh of relief at seeing Cas alive and outside the portal when suddenly there was silver tip outside the angel’s chest and a burning around his eyes.
“What are you doing man?” Dean asked
“None of this is real! Both of you get away from me! Leave me in peace!”
“Dean!” Cas pulled the hunter into a tight hug which Dean returned.
“Mr. Astley?”
Then he looked at his older brother. All the stolen glances, soft smiles, and jokes between the angel and his brother rushed back to him.
Sam dug into research and Dean kept drinking. Before he could get properly trashed he decided to go to bed. He told himself if he wasn’t hungover then he’d be of more use to Sam tomorrow during research, but if he was honest he knew that if he got trashed he wouldn’t be able to stop himself from going to Cas and kissing him. Then the Empty would take his angel.
“Sammy!” Dean yelled starting towards his brother but the ghost was already making his way towards Cas and Dean.
Back at the interview things weren’t going so well.
“No because the parents thought everything was peachy. I want to talk to the friends and siblings.”
