I bonded, he thought, somewhat giddily.  I bonded.  I have an Alpha.  The serum was already clearing the Bonding hormones out of his system, he knew, and even now, in the back of his mind, he was already picking this apart, because it was ridiculous, really.  After all, he hardly needed some Alpha to take care of him.
“We don’t have to do this,” Steve offered.  “We could just play.”
“Thank you,” Steve said, looking up at Tony who was in the process of removing his clothes.  He finished peeling off his breeches, then sat down on the edge of the bed and stroked a hand through Steve’s hair, plastering the sweat-soaked strands back against Steve’s head.
“I know. I do.  Really. Years of not going to see my therapist to the contrary, I do know that now.  Some days, it’s harder to believe, but I do know it,” Tony replied.  “Believing’s harder than knowing, though, isn’t it?  That’s where we are.  You know I love you.  You know it, Steve, I know you do.  You just can’t quite believe it.  I get it.  There were a lot of things I should’ve done, but top of the list is making you my partner in all the ways that really mattered.  So, I get it. The whole not believing me now thing. Why would you?”
“Tony,” Steve breathed out, his body rocking as Tony rammed into him.
“Ah-ha!” Tony shouted, pointing an accusing finger at Clint.  “But see, you
“No.  No, you aren’t,” Tony said quietly, little more than a tight whisper, and pushed himself off the bed, grabbing a robe and heading for his workshop.
“You said…before, you said that someone was double dealing on your watch, and I thought, wow, buck stops at the top really means something to him.  He’s blaming himself for something that he couldn’t possibly have known about. But that’s not true, is it?” Steve pressed, voice going hard and brittle.
Take it back, Steve wanted to shout. Take it all back. Do not speak such things. But, it was too late. The dice had been thrown, now all there was to do was wait for them to land and reveal his fate.
Steve did.  So fast, apparently, that Tony actually let out a startled laugh, though he quickly stifled it and ran a settling hand down Steve’s back.  Steve reminded himself to breathe.  That was the key, he knew.  At least this part didn’t usually last very long.
“I never--” Tony stopped, flattened his mouth together and swallowed hard. He wiped a hand over his mouth, then seemed to find whatever he needed to say what he seemed to think he had to say. “I never meant for it to go as far as it did. It was just supposed to be that one time.”
His Alpha was crazy.  Absolutely insane.  The whole thing was insane. The whole damn evening was somewhere two exits past Crazyville.  First, Steve’s all happy Tony’s jealous, which makes no sense.  Then, he’s—he’s what?  Telling Tony that he wouldn’t like it if Tony had ended up with someone else?  Well, join the club, Steve-o.  We have burned omelets and dishsoap.
“You’re inviting me in for actual coffee? Well,” Tony said with a dramatic sigh. “Why the hell not? A cup of hot irony sounds fantastic right about now.”
Well, that was…unexpected, Steve managed to register as he stared down at this younger version of Tony.
He slid his arm across Tony’s shoulders, and for a second, relief washed through Tony in a wave, but Stone’s hand slowed, just between Tony’s shoulders, below his neck, hanging there, heavy and warm, against the back of Tony’s jacket.  Then there was the pressure.  A small hint of it at first, then harder.  Tony looked up at the man, throat clicking as he tried to form words.  Stone’s eyes were dark, and his mouth was split with a feral smile.
“He’s…the doctors are with him. I just wanted you to know.  I’ll keep you updated,” Coulson promised.  In the background, Tony could hear voices, some loud, and a steady beeping that sounded like a machine.
were, wasn’t he? Tesla, Erskine, even Einstein, who Steve had only met twice.  Like that?  Maybe.  Maybe, Steve thought, side-eyeing Tony.
“I like to live on the edge,” Steve countered, grinning back at Tony, then shaking his head back and forth and letting out a low laugh.  “You’re something else, Tony.  You know that, right?”
“Great. That’s just great," Tony groaned. "All this work, and you couldn’t--”
I can build the company into what Steve wants, Tony thought, watching brake lights appear up ahead.  I can make things that keep him safe.  He’ll come back to me, and he’ll be happy, and that’s almost like me being happy.   When he’s happy.  When he looks at me with his head tilted just so, eyes soft and shuttered, a slow smile pulling at his lips. When he’s happy with me, it’s so close to being happy, too, I can pretend it’s the same thing.  Maybe one day, it will be.  But that…wasn’t the same for Steve.  Obviously.  Obviously, it would be different for Steve, Tony told himself, rubbing his thumb across the smooth leather of the steering wheel.
“Yeah?” Steve asked.  Tony nodded, dropping his gaze for a moment, then dragging it back up to Steve’s face, which flashed with surprise before relaxing into that soft, easy look that Tony liked.
“I—wait.  I was—what?  What—what are you even talking about?  That—“ Tony stammered, the memory floating to him even as he spoke.  His Mom picking out the suit, and he’d been pissed about it.  Insisting he smile, pose a bit, it had been so, so stupid.  He’d looked ridiculous, but Howard had barked at him to do what he was told, so he had.  He had, but…yeah, he’d shot him the bird from behind his head, where Howard couldn’t see, but Tony could have that small bit of satisfaction.
“Don’t tell anyone,” Steve admonished with a smile.  “Don’t wanna ruin everyone’s impression of me.”
Steve grabbed Bucky’s phone from his toolkit over lunch, ignoring the grimace that crossed Bucky’s face.  At some point over the last few weeks, Clint had swiped Bucky’s phone and changed Ms. Romanov’s ringtone to “Maneater.”  Steve hadn’t been able to figure out how to change it back, or else he did and Clint just kept changing it again.  He wasn’t sure.  He thought Clint liked seeing him blush every time the distinctive song rang out through the apartment, or worse, one time in Bucky’s toolkit at work.
“It is beneath you.  Your hands touch the King.  Your hands are meant for jewels and gold, sweet perfumes and oils.  This, I will do,” he said, holding up the coins cupped in his hands.  “You will see.   Luka has been teaching me what I am to do as attendant to the King’s favorite.  He says I am slow and stupid, and you should have someone else, but he just means you should have
“Is this a high-five moment or are we chest-bumping?”  Rhodey asked, leaning back in his seat.
“Yeah, but you burned it in my DVD player!” Rhodey replied.
“Steve…” Tony began, then broke off and looked down at their hands.  He could see the glint of dark gray metal around his finger.  The heartline, he thought.
“My father was,” Rhodes said, as if that answered the question.  Maybe it did.
“Don’t you start on Tootie.  How many times did I tote you and those ‘bots of yours around?”  Rhodey demanded.
“Ignore him.  He lost his sense of amusement along with all his hair,” Josiah said, pantomiming a whisper to Cam behind his hand.
“No. Tony.  Do not.  No.  He’s not—he’s not serious.  Stop it,” Steve stuttered.  “Sorry, Shane.  Here.  Give it here.  Tony, you can’t just do stuff like that.”
“You are not going to stand there and pretend you didn’t know.  Come on, Stark, not even you are that blind.  ‘Look, Tony noticed I was in the room, I have to go sit in his lab now and listen to him blather on because maybe he’ll pay attention to me then.’  ‘Tony did something dangerous, nevermind that we all pretty much do that on days ending in Y, let me freak out about it.  Just walk off the bleeding, Clint, you’re fine, Tony got a hangnail though, so I’m gonna have to check on that.’  ‘Sure, I worked with SHIELD tech just fine for months and knew how to take out a Quin-Jet with a giant Frisbee, but this gosh-darn phone just has me stumped, Tony, can you help a fella out?’” Clint jibed in what was obviously meant as a mock-Steve voice.  “Jesus, Stark, you don’t want something with the guy, fine.  You’re an idiot, but your call.  But back the fuck off, man.”
“I don't think that's a good idea right now, Tony,” Steve responded quietly, glancing at the lawyer, his voice low and strained, raspy, like Steve sometimes got when he couldn't quite get his air, which hurt to know, to be able to recognize so easily, to slip into old where-did-we-put-the-inhaler-this-time-so-we-will-definitely-probably-remember-it habits like a second skin. Because it would be easy. So very, very easy. Those feelings, they had buried themselves so brutally well that Tony had assumed they were gone, but that, clearly, had never been the case. They were the jack-in-the-box, and he was on the last note, his heart hammering in his chest because he knew, he knew, dammit, that one more turn and that was all it would take.
“Nah. Really.   I’m good,” Tony replied, wincing at how it sounded.
“Then think on what I’ve said, if you will,” Rhodes replied.   “But, Steve…I know where you come from, it’s very different than here.  I’d ask that you…consider that Tony, he—he cares very much what you think of him.  But, it’s all on his shoulders.  Everything.  This realm, its people, peace, prosperity, all of it.  It’s a heavy burden for anyone.  Fail, and it means God knows how many lives pay the price.  And he has the Court, the Council, the Guilds, the military, not to mention treaty obligations, trade pacts…just—just remember that he would like to do, and what he can do—what he
Ah, Steve.
Conference Room Steve glared at Steve.  “He’s been running away.”
“This dinner thing is all Bucky and Nat’s idea,” Steve said with a noncommittal shrug.  Not exactly a yes, but also not a no.  Tony wanted to ignore the lack of enthusiasm, but he’d promised not to push.  Which probably also meant pushing by proxy was off the table, too.
“I don’t know if I ever apologized for what I said on the carrier.  I know Loki and that scepter were working on us, but I made a lot of assumptions about you from what I read in your file.  I was wrong, and that’s on me.  I guess--we’re friends now, you said, so--I guess we found a way to work it out?” Steve said, making the last sound like a question.
“A lot of calls, Tony. A lot,” Rhodey grunted, pushing at Tony's shoulders and sending him spinning back around.
“Morning, Shellhead,” Steve greeted the creature as he approached.
None of that explained the Stones and the Beatles thing, though, Tony mused, tracing a finger along one of the cracks that splintered out the farthest, disappearing when it hit the edge of the sink.
It physically hurt, Tony thought.  That this little man didn’t even remember Steve well enough to make the connection.  That Steve had been so unimportant.  A nuisance.  Someone to be handled by the receptionist.  Someone whose desperation could be fodder for a hundred jokes down at some wanna-be-hip bar that played Jay-Z to a crowd of polo-shirted Carls.  Tony gave Pepper a quick, hard look, and got a small nod in return.
“We’re…dating,” Steve said.
Steve looked over at the creature, which regarded him with as sympathetic a look as Steve could imagine.  It was disconcerting, at times, just how human the creature could seem. If you ignored the tentacles, anyway, Steve thought with a sigh.
They argued and joked and cursed the tide that kept trying to pull the outer wall down, ended up trolling the beach for sticks, seaweed and other flotsam they could use, Tony spent far too long constructing a working drawbridge, and Steve drew rosemaling on the outsides of the towers.  It was one of the best afternoons he could remember, all in all.  He told Tony so as they sat in the warm sand after clinking their beer bottles together in toast to their sheer awesomeness.
Steve thought privately that the particular moment they all agreed on had some kind of talismanic magic for each of them. Something that none of them wanted to speak out loud.
“We’ll pack up in the morning. Leave at first light two days from now,” Steve promised, without looking up at Bucky. He could feel the weight of the decision that had been swirling in his head for weeks settling in his stomach like a stone sinking to the bottom of a lake, sending silent ripples across the surface.
It really was beautiful.
“What is it?” Tony asked suddenly, drawing back enough to look at Steve.  He brought his hands up to cup Steve’s face and held him there.  “Steve?  Are you unwell?”  Sharp concern laced Tony’s voice, and a frown marred his features.
“That is something we can definitely fix,” Tony said with a grin.  “I’ve wanted to see you in a real suit since the first night we met.”
Steve turned at the sound of the lock grating as it turned, and watched as Zola swept into the room, flanked by two of his flower-crested guards.
He knew that, he did, but hearing Steve's laughter, watching the years, the stress that Tony hadn't even realize had been there, slough off like a second skin at hearing it made something in Tony want to break apart, shatter into so many pieces no one could put him together again, and he wouldn't have to deal with it, keeping himself together, wouldn't that be better? Anything was better than this—this derision, this dismissal, the way it was just so fucking absurd to Steve. It hurt so much, too much, more than being spanked or knotted or whatever the hell else was on the menu, anything was better than this...this burning coil of shame that flooded him, humiliation bright and hot on its heels, but, so help him God, he was not going to cry, he was not going to give Steve and his stupid quilt the satisfaction of seeing that. Not like painting was exactly the most Alpha-esque hobby you could have, anyway, you hypocritical shit, Tony thought bitterly.
“The best things are, Tony,” Steve said, dropping his hand down to wrap around Tony’s.  Tony looked down at where their hands met, fingers intertwined, and held on like nothing in the world could make him let go.
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose and glanced again at Tony.  “Tony, Bucky.  Bucky, Tony. Be nice,” Steve admonished with a frown.
“I’m not sure how to take that,” Steve said, then let out a low laugh and brought the hand that had been tracing some kind of patter on Tony’s spine up to scrub his face before dropping it down again.  It came to rest on the top of Tony’s head, fingers lacing through his hair in soft strokes that made his scalp tingle.
“Paint me.  You want to paint me,” Kirk repeated slowly.  “Like…a body painting kink thing?  I like Mystique as much as anyone else, Steve-O, but the only paintballing I like to do involves air guns and an obstacle course.”
“Which one should I try first? You like the red or the blue?” Steve asked with a slight jerk of his head towards the ties dangling from…Not-Paul’s…yep, definitely Not-Paul’s hands.  Tony blinked at him, then seemed to snap out of his momentary stupor, took two of the ties and sauntered in the dressing room.  He walked over to Steve and held up first the red, then the blue tie to Steve’s neck.
Steve shot Brock a wan smile as he stood and started picking some of the empty bottles off the table.  “Not so good against the house.  Just you guys,” Steve replied with a shrug.  “Jack bites his lip when he’s got a good hand and that little vein on the side of his head starts throbbing if he knows he’s in trouble.  Mitch, you start looking at the TV when you know you’re out.  Griff, you drink more if you don’t like your cards.  It’s not the alcohol, it can be water or whatever’s at hand. And you start talking faster when you’re bluffing.  You all did some version of the same thing on missions.”
“Aren’t you the smart one, hmmm? You know…I’ll bet
“Do you not? You demand so much of everyone around you, but it is nothing compared to what you demand of yourself.  All those fights you got into when you were young?” Tony reminded him, his face going solemn for a moment. “Your war.  Obie and Zola. You’ve never been one to walk away, even when perhaps you should. It’s a heavy burden to carry, to be willing to stand against whatever wrong you see, no matter the cost.   There’s a toll to be paid. That you sometimes allow me to help you put all of that aside—that…that pressure to always do what you believe is right, regardless of the cost--even for a little while, that’s—you have no idea what that means to me, Steve, no idea,” he stopped, brow pulling together.
“The Captain is strong.  This magical potion that runs in his veins…it will help, yes?” Thor asked, looking around at all of them in turn.  No one answered.  It was the quietest silence Tony had ever heard, the kind that is waiting for someone to speak and say what no one wants to say.  He wanted to shout into the quiet, roar out his pain and fear and anger, throw things for good measure, make some God-damned noise, anything that would break the silence that seemed to echo with too much of what wasn’t being said.
“Right, so, I mean, Iron Man, whoever he is, he’s got to be able to pilot that, make strategic decisions on the literal fly—” Steve pointed out.
“I'll help,” Rhodey offered.
“That sounds good, Tony,” Steve replied.  “Truth is…well,” Steve stopped, and Tony could almost hear his jaw grinding together.  “Truth is, Bucky’s been on me all afternoon to tell you that I kind of am…well, as he put it, having not exactly fake husband-like feelings, and I guess—well, I guess it’s only fair to tell you.  I--I just, I wanted you to know.  If it makes it awkward, or uncomfortable, we can figure something out for the next few days.  I mean, I don’t want you to feel like you have to or—or anything.”
So, he might have skipped lunch.
“Steve, skin cancer is cumulative,” Tony informed him with a knowing nod. “Here, I made a flashcard for you,” Tony replied proudly, holding up the laminated card.
He wondered what Steve was up to these days.  No. Wait.  No, he didn’t.  He definitely was not laying on the stained carpet of some midtown walk-up twenty something’s bedroom wondering about his ex.
“Of course, Sir. Will there be anything else?” JARVIS replied.
Steve was tearing at the buckles of the suit before he finished forming the thought, feeling the seams come apart as he pulled.  It was strangely satisfying.  Tearing it apart.  Tearing it off.  Stripping it all away until there was nothing left, too deliberate to be panic, or he told himself that, anyway.  The door clicked open behind him, but he didn’t bother to look. He knew who it was
Doubt. That's what it was. Sickening and stomach-churning, doubt creeping in at the edges the way fog bleeds across a road so slowly that its always almost a surprise when you really you suddenly can't see where you're going. Nothing was right about this, not him, not Steve, not any of them.
Plus, Steve wanted him to take the pills. That was the whole point of skirting the rules in the first place. Steve expected Tony to take them.  He’d put himself on the line to make sure Tony had them.  For obvious reasons.  It was a kindness, really, since he didn’t want Tony, to give him a way to avoid the unpleasantness of a Heat without an Alpha.  That little merry-go-round of disappointment hadn’t exactly been fun the first time, and he sure as hell had no desire to repeat it.
“Tony,” Steve rasped out, voice thin and thready with need.  “Please, Tony, please, I—“ he broke off with a sharp gasp as Tony pushed slowly into him, filling him with a burning stretch of hazy pleasure-pain, making his body rock  with the force of it.  His eyes widened and a low, guttural moan somehow managed to work its way out of him.  Steve looked up at the King, eyes fluttering shut for a moment, then opened them again.  “Tony,” Steve said again, soft and breathy, almost a sigh.  He would care later, he told himself.
“It doesn’t matter,” Tony said again, more sure this time, more sure than he’d been in a long time.
Mrs. Habersmith’s Rules for Courting, he thought it was.  Or something like that, anyway. It was one of the before memories, all jumbled and distant.  He wondered if they still had that in print.  Everything was so confusing now, and the Internet was a vast web of contradictory advice.  Simple, straightforward rules to follow. That’s what he needed.  He was doing this all backwards, true, but that seemed sometimes to be the course of his life. It didn’t mean it wasn’t worth doing, and worth doing right.  Tony deserved that much, at the very least. Court him properly.
“Interesting timing,” Tony said, eyeing Matt with a narrow look, though he supposed the effect was lost. “Don’t we have a subsidiary in Denver?”
“Yeaaaaaah,” Tony said, “about that. I’ve been thinking. I think I’ve got an idea.”
“So, yes, there are certainly limitations, but a learning AI can take each decision variable into account and pick out patterns and--ah,” Tony broke off, a soft smile forming.
“It was at the Disney Concert Hall.  The one Gehry did, downtown?  Great space.  You and Dad went to the Philharmonic there, remember?” Tony prompted.  “It was a veteran’s thing, so just about every Alpha there was decked out in their uniforms.  Steve though…you should’ve seen him.  I always thought the Marines had the best dress uniform.  I take it back,” Tony said, holding up a hand.  “Army wins, hands down.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He waded over to where the creature was sprawled and sat down on the sand a short distance away, pulling his leg up and wrapping his arms around his knees.  He was getting hungry now, but he trusted that the creature would leave soon and return with whatever it scrounged for Steve’s breakfast. Steve had to admit that he was impressed by the variety, especially given the lack of many resources on their shared island. The islands that dotted the region were plentiful and some, unlike this glorified sandbar,  were filled with all kinds of bounty, he knew, but Shellhead had to be getting some of what he brought back from a hidden store of pirate plunder somewhere, Steve figured. Treasure maps were a penny each in port, and they weren’t worth even that, but the marauders who frequented the area did use the uninhabited islands for storage, at least that was what Sam said.  It made some sense that his friend probably knew about a few, hopefully abandoned, caches.
“Girl,” Bruce announced with a broad smile. “See,” he said, pointing to the screen. “Well, I’ll leave you two for a bit,” Bruce said. Or probably did, Tony wasn’t really paying him any attention, but Bruce pushed the stool back and got up, giving them a quick nod before he walked to the other side of the lab.
Almost guiltily, Steve glanced over his shoulder, though the gym was still empty. A part of him half expected Tony to show up, like last time, but Tony was hunkered down in his workshop with the door locked and the windows blacked out. JARVIS was on guard duty, as Steve found out earlier when he tried to check in.
“Good.  Me neither,” Tony said huskily.  He took Steve’s hand and pulled him lightly along to the bedroom.  Pushing the doors open, Steve followed Tony into the room, which was now actually lit and gave Steve a chance to look around.  The room was huge, with a sunken sitting area, bar, workstation, television the size of a small movie screen and what he assumed were the doors to a bathroom and closet.
“I wasn’t sure you were going to come,” Stark said, drawing Steve’s attention.  Stark grimaced, squelching up his face. “I’m lying. That’s a lie. Made you an offer you couldn’t refuse, all that,” he added, waving a hand in the air and taking another drink.  “Thought we’d just get all this out of the way up front,” he explained with a shrug.  “I get it. No judgment, by the way. It’s a rational call. Definitely the one most people would make. Rational for me, too, when you think about it.”
“Thank you,” Steve said.
“Good evening, Your Highness,” Zola said with a lisping deference and went to one knee, bowing his head and clasping his hands over his knee.  Only then did Steve’s eyes catch on the man sitting at the large table, shoulders hunched over a sliding gear of some kind that moved back and forth along a long, smooth length of wood that ended in an axle while he made marks on a sheet of parchment in front of him.
“Now this,” Rhodes said, taking another coin from his hand, “This one is different. See? Far, far older.  Made of iron, back when we were nothing more than iron mongers.  My father gave it to me when I went off to join the Army.  See that?” Rhodes asked, pointing at something punched into the flat back of the coin.  It was smoothed over by time now, and someone had made it into a pendant at some point, but Steve could make out some kind of pattern.  Two concentric circles, one sitting inside the other, inside a ring of shapes that looked like squares with wide, flaring tops.
“Having a good day?” Steve asked. He tried to smile again. He thought it probably looked more like a grimace.
“Are you—are you sure?  I can take the couch,” Steve offered, voice hesitant and halting.
“Guess they changed their minds,” Tony said.
“It’s so...incomprehensibly vast.  Makes me feel small, you know? Who knows what we might find out there,” Tony began, glancing up solemnly at Steve.  “Your people, I hope. Your mate. Right? That’s who you’re hoping to find.”
“Sounds serious,” Obie replied, rubbing a hand over his mouth as he leaned back against the tufted leather chair.
“Actually, that’s a great reason to do things, but, in point of fact, it isn’t just because of you,” Tony replied.  “My heart grew three sizes, what can I say?”
“Robots, huh?” Steve asked, eyebrows lifting in question.
knowing what they were supposed to do and doing it together...that had been nice.
“You don’t say?” Tony replied in a considering tone.  “Obie, Stern and a room full of military officers?  What could possibly go wrong? I need it.  I want it. Make it happen,” Tony said in quick, staccato breaths.  “Though, I honestly thought we’d be done with all this and explaining ourselves to the Feds by then,” Tony said, mouth twisting into a frown.  “Do you think Steve would like me in orange?  Conjugal visits are still a thing, right?”
“--- tired out, too, if you had an Omega like that back home,” the one who was presumably Calhoun said around a snort of laughter.  “I’m just saying, you couldn’t
“They should see that, instead of—the spectacle,” Steve finished with a slight sigh.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We’re quite the pair, aren’t we?” Tony said, though it didn’t sound like a complaint.  He actually crossed his legs underneath him and tossed the line a little further beyond where Steve’s bobbed in the water, then settled back and waited.
Steve stilled, eyes going wide, his stomach swooping seemingly to his feet as a low, simmering heat formed in his belly.  He tried to swallow, but couldn’t work up the spit, and ended up staring at Tony, his mouth slightly parted, breath coming in harsh pants.
“Why didn’t he—God, Bruce, I just lay there!  I could’ve done something!  I could’ve helped—patched him up--something!  Why didn’t he tell me?”  Tony asked bleakly, gripping his hands around the rounded edges of the medical table.
“I’m so mad, you have no idea.  How there are not flames coming out the sides of my face, I’ll never know. You’re in so much trouble.  Like, a truly unbelievable amount of trouble. The couch is a futon, you know that, right?” Tony warned him.  “But, I want in.  Ever since Afghanistan, you know how hard it’s been to—to deal with everything.  To feel like I made it out of there for a reason.”
“My decimated gym equipment would like to have a word with you on that,” Tony replied.  His tone had gone light, teasing, but the look he gave Steve was full of unasked questions.  “Anyway,” Tony continued, pursing his lips a bit when Steve didn’t rise to the bait.  “Pepper was supposed to do the bulk of the presentation.  She’d have been a great closer.  Always knew how to work a crowd,” Tony continued.
The not-gel lifted Tony’s legs wide and high, until his knees bent up towards his chest, and, well, it wasn’t like Tony didn’t have a good idea where this was headed, at least in some form or fashion.  Did he want this? Sure, he liked to think he was adventurous, but this was...this was crazy. Wasn’t it? Except, his body didn’t seem to think so. His body wanted this very, very badly, and it was currently overriding whatever protest Tony’s head might be trying to raise.  He opened his mouth, unsure of what he was going to say or if it would even matter. Did aliens get the memo on consent? He had no idea. Though...he did, actually. The alien
It was almost too much.  Almost. So cold, it burned, winter fire seeping into his veins.  And then it was melting and the cold sensation giving over to a budding warmth that went straight to Steve’s cock.  Then, another sliver of ice was slipped inside him, and his hips bucked wildly, Tony’s voice a distant pull as pleasure, pain, heat, cold, all of it, rippled through Steve in waves.  It stung and ached, sharp and pounding, the cold making Steve want to curl in on himself, and then almost as soon as the feeling hit, it dissipated as the ice melted inside of him, the constant rub of Tony’s thumb around his entrance tethering him down somehow when Steve thought he might otherwise crash into some kind of invisible wall.
“Well, that’s just ridiculous,” Tony said, looking around.  “Steve happens to enjoy pancakes, okay?  This is not some ulterior motive breakfast food.”
“I didn’t know it would feel like this, Jarvis.  I never really even imagined it would happen to me, so why bother thinking about it?” Tony said.  “This overwhelming sort of, I don’t know, just…it’s all I think about, you know?  I wake up thinking about it.  I go to sleep thinking about it.  How am I supposed to concentrate when there’s this amazing, wonderful…thing…right here, so close, and I can’t have it all the time?”
“I think Tony wants you to be patient and still,” Steve said with a grin.
“You’re awake,” Tony observed.  “Good,” he continued, standing up, taking a deep breath and seeming to gather himself as he stared down at Steve.  Well, this isn’t going to go well, Steve had just enough time to think.  “You shit.  You utter and complete idiot.  What the hell were you thinking?  You were—you were bleeding all over the fucking bed.  It was on the floor, Steve.  You—you were hurt, and you—how could you not say anything?  You let me lay there like a fucking invalid, when I was the one who—it was me—it was me who--and you just let me lay there and make stupid fucking jokes and play games and eat the only food we had, and yes, I checked, you asshole, and
,” Tony begged.   They were going to kill him.  This was what Tyber wanted. They were going to—oh.
“There,” Rhodey said, pointing towards the bridge.  “Just to the left of the bridge, that smaller building between the two big ones.  The brick walk-up with the garden on the roof. Check it out.”
“I would have the sounds you would give me,” Tony said in a low voice of warning.  Steve looked at him beseechingly, then nodded.  “Good,” Tony said, and slipped the first ring over the head of Steve’s cock and down the shaft to the base.  The other ring, he unclasped and tightened around Steve’s balls until the pressure was somewhere near pain, but not enough to be pleasure, either.  Steve’s head couldn’t decide, and each time he tried to grab for the sensation, it floated further away, until he stopped trying and just let his eyes fall shut, waiting.  When he opened them, Tony was watching him with a soft, adoring expression.
“It’s different with you,” Steve replied, sounding almost surprised by the admission.  “I could always talk to you.”
Tony picked up the book, placed the parchment on the board and grabbed the stylus from the table where he had set them and went back to his work, seemingly completely unfazed that Steve had his head buried between his thighs and Tony’s cock in his throat.
“Well, they evolved enough to outsmart us,” Steve sighed.  He shoved the end of his pole down between the slats, then took Tony’s and did the same with his. “Lunch?” Steve offered.  Tony nodded.  “I thought I might sketch some.  I brought your computer tablet, if you wanted to work on it while I drew.”
“No. No, we don't have to do this,” Tony replied flatly, watching Steve finally let his gaze slip away as it darted around the room, then back towards the door. Yeah, point taken, Tony thought bitterly, mouth flattening into a thin line. “I thought—I don't know what I thought. Forget it. My mistake. You're right. This is—we shouldn't be doing this. Lawyers. They can handle it from here,” Tony finished in a tight, clipped tone as he side-stepped toward the door.
.  What manner of person would live in such a place as this?
“There,” Steve said in a soft, husky voice that made Tony’s stomach give a sharp jerk, just below his navel.  “Perfect.”
As they drove, Tony tried again to picture the faceless man he was going to meet, but the image that kept creeping in was someone who looked vaguely like Obie, just in a military uniform, jowls shaking while he told Tony to make sure he got a clean, close shave, just like the commercials promised.  He’d tried to find out some information on the Internet about Captain Steve Rogers, and there had been some hits, but no one seemed particularly likely.  The one active duty hit he found was married with three kids and living at Fort Bragg, which, okay, sure, some oil-soaked sheik might decide to get himself an Omega on the side, but not a corn-husking Presbyterian from NeverGoHere, Nebraska.  The other Captain Steve Rogers he was able to find was retired and raising bees, and as nice as that had initially sounded, not really someone whom his father would look to for connections.
“I know, man. You know how hard I had to work to convince you I did more than tolerate you? Third time we hung out, you offered to get your Dad to pull strings with my commission. I mean, Tony, you-- you've always been so ready to believe that someone didn't love you. I could write a book on why that is. Admittedly, it would go something like, Chapter One: Howard. But, look, you know who else knew that about you? One guess,” Rhodey offered grimly.
“OH MY FUCKING GOD, YOU HEARD ME!?!” Tony shouted, bringing both hands up to each side of his face and, well, trying to crush his skull or whatever would make the last thirty seconds disappear from reality.  He could feel his face catch fire with horrified embarrassment.  “Oh my God, you
“In her own way,” Tony huffed out a laugh and walked over to where Dum-E was attempting to wax-on/wax-off a chamois over the car’s hood.  “I told her everything was fine.”
“No, you won’t,” Steve said, and knew it was true.
The cloth was warm against Steve’s cheek when Tony held it up, wiping gently at the dirt and grime there, cooler against the other side, but Steve instantly felt cleaner.  Tony was working the soapy cloth down the column of Steve’s throat, over his collarbones and along the ridge of his shoulders, slow and methodical.  Solving a problem, Steve thought.  Finding a solution.  Today, that meant getting Steve cleaned up.
A black and white speckled composition notebook was under the collection of pictures. He opened it and flipped through the first few pages of what appeared to be Steve’s attempt at managing a budget for them, because there was a list of the rent, utility bills, followed by an entry for food, a bus pass, the highway robbery of a laundromat they trudged to each week, and then one marked “Tony’s coffee--$85????” and a small doodle of a figure who was clearly meant to be Tony drinking out of a mug made of hundred dollar bills. He couldn’t help the small smile that formed at that. Steve had never quite understood Tony’s love of coffee or disdain for the watered-down, home-brewed kind, though he'd never objected to Tony's obsession and had actually almost seemed to enjoy indulging it, ring in the coffee grounds, notwithstanding.
Shame, shame, know your name, he thought somewhat hysterically. He'd been wrong, he knew that. This is what happens when you don't just do what you're supposed to, be what you're supposed to be. He knew that, damn it. Why did he always have to fuck himself over? Was the world really not doing just fine at that on its own?
Steve never thought Tony’s ideas were passé, Tony remembered.  Steve hadn’t usually quite known what Tony was talking about, true, but he’d listened and sounded all impressed.  Of course, he had, because Steve was just a regular guy.  Nice.  Good.
Steve was getting up from the table, his chair scraping over the floor as he did like an announcement. He was going to go back to his life, his bad hand that wouldn't let him draw anymore, his job that he probably did with the same pride as he did everything else, his friends, who loved him, and his box of circuitry and letters and pieces of Tony that he'd kept for himself in a far too familiar way.
“Did you, when you first touched, did you feel something? Like, a sort of surge…people describe as different things, but usually some kind of certainty, like the last piece of a puzzle slotting into place or feeling complete, I don’t know,” Bruce stuttered, and Tony realized that Bruce truly didn’t know, and he felt a pang of something like pity in his gut. He had Steve. His ledger was so fucking unbalanced it wasn’t even funny, he realized. Steve would chide him for thinking that, would tell him what a good man he was, that the sins of the past were mistakes not failings, that he tried harder than anyone Steve had ever known, and Tony would listen and almost believe and selfishly swear fealty to whatever force took Steve from his world and brought him to Tony.
“Nguh, fuck, holy fucking Christ, Steve,” Tony said, squirming slightly, one hand coming up to scrub over his face. His eyes were wide and fixed on Steve, dark with arousal, face flushed and damp with sweat, nearly undone and desperate with need. Steve couldn’t help the surge of power-fueled lust at the sight. He was doing this, making his Alpha feel this way, and the thought sent a heady, wanton warmth coiling low in his belly where he could feel his own cock harden even more at the sight.
“I love you, too,” Tony said after a long moment.
He may not quite know which of them started it, but, damn it all to hell, it was definitely Steve who broke it off, tearing his mouth from Tony's and stepping back so fast there should've been a cartoon puff of smoke in his place.
I want to know what I was right about.
“What do you say we blow this popsicle stand and go get some real food?” Tony asked when the silence seemed like it was going to stretch on past the point of awkward into uncomfortable.  “I remember something about this burger joint a few blocks from the Tower that’s supposed to have the best onion rings in town.  We’ll be their best dressed patrons.  I’ll make us a white tablecloth out of napkins.  Come on,” Tony urged, sensing resistance in the way Steve’s face scrunched.
Tony waved past Obie’s assistant and threw open the office door, finding the man himself lining up a golf shot on a small putting mat. Obie looked over at Tony, raised his eyebrows and chewed at the ubiquitous cigar in his mouth, before turning his attention back to the put.  He gave it a light tap and it rolled in a straight line down the mat, veering just to the left of the rim of the cup.
“It’s Grant,” Steve replied evenly, then looked over at Tony and returned the smile with an accepting shake of his head and small shrug.  “Sorry.  I just…want to make sure everything is okay for you there.  That you’re happy.”
“Bonded,” Steve said.   It was supposed to be a warm word.  He’d thought it would be.
Close-up of same artwork
“Oh, ye of little faith, old man,” Tony said with a smile, then bent to pop open his suitcase. He removed a smaller briefcase and clicked the locks open, engaging the armor. It wove around him, enveloping him in red and gold metal while Steve watched, eyes wide, mouth going slack, so Tony counted it as a win. “Ta-da!” Tony announced when the armor was in place. “You didn’t think I was going to miss out on all the bells and whistles of your Heat, did you?”
“No, of course not, it’s fucking adorable. Everything about you is fucking adorable, I can’t with you, honestly.  But…I’m going to pretend not to like that for a really long time,” Tony said.
Steve looked down at his hands, where they clutched the bottom of his dress jacket.  He let go and smoothed the fabric into place, then looked back over at Bucky. “Promise,” he said.
“Anything interesting happen?” Tony pressed.
“You really…uh, it doesn’t bother you?” Tony asked hesitantly.
Steve dropped his gaze down to the floor and let a long out a long hiss of air, brow drawing together in a deep line.  He reached out a hand and wrapped it in Tony’s, threading their fingers together between them.
“Okay,” Steve smiled. “Good enough for now. Come on, let’s see if we can make it a bit further before the sun starts to set.”
He shook his head, trying to clear it, recrimination flowing through him. He shouldn’t be thinking of such things while Ross spoke of attacking his home, putting Peggy in chains, and running down ships carrying those fleeing bondage as if such acts were nothing more than to be expected. At least Tony had not consigned his navy to such a task, Steve told himself, though the words rang hollow in his mind. How long before Tony had little choice but to join his allies? Or before the Free States became enough of a threat that Tony had to act?
“You did this on purpose,” Tony accused, pursing his lips and shoving his hands into his pockets.  “You knew what would happen if I got up here.  You knew about the contract up for renewal.  You…you
“Sam’s a good guy,” Steve replied evenly.  “How’s that non-judgmental jealousy thing working out for you?”
“Anything I should do?” Tony asked.  “Or not do?”
“I—I just don’t want to. Tonight.  I don’t want to do this,” Steve replied, holding Tony’s gaze steadily.  His stomach roiled, not with fear, exactly, but with a desperate hope.  The worst kind of terror.  The one that dared to want something impossible.
“I would like that,” Steve replied carefully.  He would like that.  To get out of the city.  On such a trip, they would be surrounded by guards, yes, but not by walls.  Not by miles of sprawling civilization between him and some semblance of freedom.  It was an almost impossibly perfect opportunity.  No scaling walls or slipping past guards.  Just walking off a bit too far one day and disappearing into the mountains or forest, something he and his team had done countless times.  He could live off the land until he found a friendly ship’s captain or one greedy enough not to care that the payment came in the form of a slave’s collar.  It wouldn’t be easy, true, but it would be eas
Just move, he told himself.  That’s what one of the other dancers had told him after his first, somewhat disastrous, performance.  Just move. No one cares if you’re Fred Astaire or not. Which was good, because as Bucky liked to point out, on the list of things Steve was good at, dancing wasn’t exactly making the top ten.   He toed his shoes off first, settling in as the soft, bluesy music got going.
“I guess I just thought, the way—the way he is about…ah, hell, I don’t know what I thought.  Forget I spoke.  It--it isn’t my place.  This is your day.  You should be happy.  It’s a beautiful tunic.  Truly.  If Pierce can still see anything, he’ll be thrilled,” Sam added with a roll of his eyes.
“So say you now, but which first?” Tony asked.
“It’s a--you know what, nevermind,” Bruce muttered. Tony rolled his eyes, then motioned for Bruce’s basket. He flipped open the top and pulled out one of the flowers Bruce had found earlier and walked over to Steve, holding it up between them.
“It’s…it’s a recorder.  For the lecture,” Steve answered, not looking at Tony.  There was some kind of landmine here that Tony couldn’t quite see yet, but Steve had gone from trying desperately not to give Tony the time of day to an awkward sort of hyper-awareness that made his sit stiff and straight-faced in his chair.
“Were we?” Steve asked.
“He’s alive? The serum?” Tony muttered, eyeing Fury with disbelief.
“Carbon fiber reinforced polymer,” Tony blurted out, then winced.  Shut up.  Just stop speaking.  Things always go better when you do, Tony told himself firmly.
“Think of me,” the King repeated, voice gone rough and tremorous, then dropped his hands, turned on his heel and left the room without a backwards glance.
“Oh.  Ohhhhhh….Well, Steve…its so nice to finally meet you,” she said, and it felt genuine.  “I’m Pepper Potts, SI’s CEO.  Tony has been ignoring my attempts to get these papers signed all week, so I thought I’d come by and withhold caffeine until he caved, but I see he beat me to it this morning.”  There was a small, fond smile playing about her lips.
“The mission.  Iraq.  That’s why I was away.  There were hostages.  It got complicated.  That’s it.  I wasn’t…it was just a mission,” Steve said in a quiet, firm voice.  “Nothing else.
“Nothing,” Steve said quickly, ducking his head and scraping his shoe against a groove in the alleyway.  “It’s fine.  Everything’s fine.  I just--I--I guess I kind of had a fight with Brock, and needed somewhere to cool off, that’s all,” Steve told him.
“I heard you. I was feeling it,” Rhodey said.
Then Tony’s mouth was back on his, kissing him so deeply, Steve thought he’d drown from the feel of it, felt himself groan, open his mouth wider and tilt his head to the side to give Tony’s tongue better access.  He heard Tony reach over and grab the tube from the bedside table and his cock, which had been dutifully patient while he’d been admiring the arc reactor, quickly grabbed his full attention.  He felt Tony’s hand, slick and warm, rub down between their bodies to wrap around his cock, stroking up and down.  Then with a deep moan, Tony brought his own cock alongside Steve’s and wrapped his hand around both of them as best he could, continuing to rub up and down, grinding his hips this way and that, letting them slide against each other in a perfect rhythm.  When Tony’s mouth moved down to suckle at Steve’s earlobe, he took the opportunity to run his hands over Tony’s chest, fingers lightly scraping across taut nipples, then tracing the circumference of the arc reactor, eliciting some kind of half-choked noise from Tony, who had moved his mouth down lick at the place where Steve’s neck met his collarbone, but gave a sharp bite as Steve’s fingers circled the reactor.
“Sounds thrilling,” Tony said flatly.
“I’d rather this kind of pain than the other,” Steve said, and found that it was true, though he wasn’t even sure where the words themselves came from. It was a better kind of pain, this stiff burning tightness in his back, than thinking about the things behind it. Easier somehow to feel this physical hurt, focus on that, but he thought that easier might not be better, not really. His mind playing tricks on him, giving him ways not to think until he lost himself to dreams that had no such barriers. There was a phantom pain tingling up and down his arms, and he remembered it, the sting of feeling coming back to them. It wasn’t real, but it was real enough, he thought, a deep shudder wracking his body. Behind him, he could hear Tony draw in a shaky breath, but he said nothing. “Please. Please, Tony. It—I need you. To do this for me.”
Tony made a noise of disagreement, but let it go.  “Hidden depths,” Tony replied agreeably.  “Dumbest thing you’ve ever done. Don’t say fake marry a billionaire. Go.”
“Why?” Tony asked.  His voice sounded small and genuinely confused.  It made something in Steve’s chest twist. “What are you—what are you talking about?” Tony spluttered, giving Steve an almost annoyed look.  “We both got what we wanted. I don’t see why you’re suddenly being such a damn prude about—”
“It’s nothing, really.  Just a hobby,” Steve demurred, taking another bit of the fish.  It actually was pretty good, he had to admit.
“That was… that was different,” Steve responded stiffly, blinking a bit as his mind crowded with memories.
gave way to raw sensation as Tony began to move, slow at first, then picking up speed as he thrust between Steve’s legs.  Steve had a moment to think how beautiful Tony was, features sharp against the blue light, eyes on fire, before Tony shifted slightly, lifting Steve’s leg up, adjusting the angle and
“You just—you shouldn’t do stuff like that, is all,” Steve said.  “It’s not worth…”
“Got it in one,” Tony said.   “The good kind, not the shit kind the VA can afford, and without insurance of any kind, the starting model’s price is…can I get a drum roll?”
“Huh,” Tony said.
“Starving,” Tony replied, trying for some enthusiasm and missing somewhere around not completely surly.   He followed Steve inside while the disappointment to his parents drove off down the steep, curving road that led up to the cabin.
The edges of the puzzle, the pieces he had never conceived could even exist, fell into place, not one by one, but all at once, slamming into him with a singular, burning knowledge that felt like the kind of pain you get when you stub your toe and have to wait those precious fractions of a second for the hurt to get to your brain, but you knew it was coming. Oh, it was definitely coming.
“Can you bring me my shield?” Steve asked.
“It also tosses pancakes?” Tony replied with a lopsided smile. “I mean, in theory, it will one day be able to throw things like smartmines and grenades, but I figured start at breakfast food and probably work my up, you know?”
Based on a Twitter post, Tony is sheltering in place at Rhodey's during the Coronavirus outbreak and spots a super hot guy workong out on a rooftop in Brooklyn. He builds a drone to meet him the social-distancing way.
“It is.  It really, really is,” Tony assured him, nodding.  “I mean, just look at the engine, J.  It’s based off the Lamborghini Gallardo’s.  Gets 532 horsepower.  Aluminium monocoque structural skin.  Bit like the Lotus, so it’s lighter weight, which helps your acceleration.  Zero to sixty in 3.9 seconds, according to specs.  I, uh, might have made a few minor modifications…” Tony admitted, rubbing a hand to the back of his head and glancing over at Jarvis.
, all I’m saying is, fucking ballsy as hell, just putting it out there like that.  They probably do that. Rich guys.  Pay for no-strings-attached sex with those, what do you call them?  Escorts,” Brock recalled the word, snapping his fingers for emphasis. “Fancy.  Bet there’s an app for that,” he added with a laugh.  “We should call the Enquirer or something. Bet one of those tabloid rags would be all over this. Tony Stark Offers One Million For Night of Sex! God, if he did, people’d be lining up like it’s a God-damned free beer night at Yankee stadium.”
Out of the corner of his eye, he watched Steve slowly turn his neck to look down at Tony as they hit the opposite curb.  He was biting the inside of his cheek, trying to hold in a smile.  The effort didn’t last long.  A wide grin spread over Steve’s face and he was laughing, loud and uproariously, with his whole body.  The hand holding Tony’s pulled and jerked, and Tony found himself stumbling sideways into Steve.
And he was going to leave all of that behind.  Because Tony was right about him. More than even Tony, with all his brilliance and his eye towards the future, could possibly know.  Steve couldn’t walk away from a fight, and the choice between what was right and what was easy was the bloodiest of wars, it always had been.  The price of freedom was high, it always had been, but he had never shied away from paying it. Until now. Until Tony. He sighed, swallowing thickly.  The journey would take many weeks. His best chance for escape wouldn’t occur until they were on their way back from the desert, when the Red Mountains split open with a spiders web of crags and paths.  He could give Tony this time. He could give Tony what he wanted, what Steve wanted, at least for now. For now, he could be what Tony wanted him to be. Happy. Content. At peace with the way things were. They could live this lie, at least for a time.   It wouldn’t be enough for either of them, but it was all he could give.
"I will miss it, too," Steve said quietly after a long beat of silence.  He turned away, tapping at a panel that lit up when his smooth fingers ran over it in long strokes.  Tony walked up next to him so they stood shoulder to shoulder, staring out at the field of stars in front of them.
“I miss my friends,” Steve said.  He felt his chest pull at the words, like there was a hanging thread there, tugging at a seam, threatening to rend it apart. “I miss my home.”  Tony flinched at the words, his face going tight and pinched for a moment, before he schooled his features.
“Is that a no?” Tony pressed.   “You don’t want to talk to me, I get that.  I do. But, I told Coulson we were fine.  That you were fine.  Are we—are we fine?”
“Anyone can pick up a sword or put on armor.  That doesn’t make you a soldier.  Brave men are scared all the time,” Steve said after a long beat of silence.  “And a soldier, if he’s any kind of soldier, is far more scared than most.”
“Sounds fun,” Tony replied dully.  “Who doesn’t love getting to dress up?” Tony asked, mentally raising his hand.
Knowing that and believing it were different things though.
Opposite that, another room held trunks filled with silks, brocades and all manner of garments,  each finely-embroidered in swirls of pattern and color and decorated with seed pearls, glass beads and bright threads that had been dipped in gold or silver and made the fabrics glisten and sparkle in the light.  Shelves were lined with other bits and pieces of jewelry and other items clearly meant to adorn the body.  Sleek arm bands.  Elaborate head coverings. Collars of all sort.  Wide bands inlaid with gilt and jewels that fit around the waist.  Other, smaller pieces meant to decorate the face, ears and hands.  Even delicate, filigreed chains with tiny bells to fit over the feet.
“No.  No, nothing like that,” Steve said, shaking his head.  He rubbed his hands over his face and squeezed his eyes shut, breathing out a long, slow breath.  “Just a nightmare, I guess.”
It didn’t matter.  It wasn’t his problem.  There wasn’t really anything for him to do, anyway.  It was up to Anthony’s parents to find a suitable mate, not that it particularly boded well that they were willing to offer him up to…whoever it was Fury told these people Steve was.
His whole body was over-warm in the fancy robes he was wearing for the occasion.  He was sure his face must be flushed, though the silk veil, with its golden beads that made tiny, tinkling sounds as he moved, that covered his head and the lower part of his face gave him at least some semblance of privacy.   He was grateful for that much.  Still, Cam kept giving him looks that had grown from curious to concerned. Steve wanted to reassure him, but couldn’t trust himself to speak, so he just shook his head and looked away, trying to pretend he was interested in the scenery that passed by outside the carriage’s window.
“No.  That part’s actually pretty familiar,” Steve said, returning the smile.  “I mean this.  You and me, just sitting here.  I’m not sure how I’m supposed to act around you, to be honest.”
“Something went almost clean through you.  The repulsor burn actually helped cauterize it, but you still lost a lot of blood.  A lot.  So much that the serum was having a hard time of it.  Collapsed lung. Major damage to the liver and spleen.  Third degree burns.  Five broken ribs.  Shock.  Sepsis, which was the big problem. And you broke two toes,” Bruce finished, the corners of his mouth turning down.
“Here.  Eat,” Tony ordered, handing Steve the plate of food from the coffee table and one of the forks.  Steve took it and dove it with gusto.  Tony picked up the other fork and spun a helping of rice noodles around it.  “Think they’ve been listening?” Tony asked, darting a glance towards the kitchen where the rest of the group was eating and chatting, mostly trading literal war stories from the sound of it.
“Agent Coulson’s going to escort you to the R&D floor,” Steve said.  “I won’t be long with Fury.  If you need anything, Coulson will call me.”  Tony nodded, rocking back and forth on his heels, hands snapping together with nervous excitement.
“I’m supposed to call my friend.  He’ll panic if I don’t,” Steve told him.
“Yeah, insane,” Steve replied, his voice tight. He swallowed hard and tried to ignore the little voice wheedling its way into the back of his head. One night. One night.  Just sex. That was all.  One night.  “Hey,” he said, a trace of urgency in his voice as he reached out for Brock’s hand. “My mom used to say that easy money was never really easy.  Everything we’re going through, maybe it’s not for nothing. We’ll get there, okay? I mean, as long as we have each other, that’s all we really need.”
“Not so sure about that,” Coulson replied smoothly, annoying unfazed.  “Besides, I didn’t pick you.  Captain Rogers did.  There were a number of candidates suggested, by the way.”
“Maybe you didn’t know all the risks,” Tony mumbled quietly. He held Steve’s gaze for a fraction of a second, then looked away, a fisted hand fluttering over his chest, but never landing.
“Those are not drinks. They're diabetes in a can,” Tony warned with a knowing grin as he leaned back in the leather chair and tapped his hands on the edge of the desk.
“What if…” Steve started, then broke off, and a long beat of silence hung in the air. Tony was rooted to the spot outside the door, one foot on the ugly blue mat, and probably the other in the grave, if his heart pounding in his ears was any indication.  “Buck…what if he thinks it’s about the money?” Steve asked in a quiet, shaky voice.
A castle, hidden in the mountains, in what must be nearly perpetual shadow, Steve realized as he gazed up at the jagged outcroppings around him.  It seemed, if not something out of a dream, at least something out of a tale.
Steve tore his mouth away long enough to lift Tony bodily in the air and get his legs wrapped around Steve’s waist, holding him up with a hand under Tony’s bottom where a spot of wetness bloomed.  Tony couldn’t bring himself to care.  He was somewhere way past embarrassment at this point.
“Interesting,” Tony mused, drawing out the word speculatively.  “We shall see, my soldier.  We shall see,” he smiled in obvious challenge for a moment before the smile dropped off his face.  “I am not blind to how hard the transition must be for you,” Tony said, schooling his features carefully, though Steve could see the slight crease of his brow where he held the tension at bay.  “Soldier to concubine.  Free man to slave.  An adult captive turned concubine is virtually unheard of, let alone one who ends up in the royal harem, for exactly this reason.  This way of life, for you, I am sure, this must be…difficult to accept.  But it is the way of life for most of the world.  Has been for thousands of years, and is not likely to change, despite your enclave of Free States or whatever you call yourselves, you must realize this.”
Tony brought his eyes  back to Steve’s and didn’t break the gaze as he carefully removed the wife-beater t-shirt he’d been wearing.  Underneath, even in the poor light offered by the muted TV, Steve could see fairly substantial scarring.  He sucked in a breath, reaching out, “Tony…” he whispered achingly, “What happened?”
“—not that I have to tell you, obviously,” Estes continued without only a slight tic of his eyes to indicate he’d heard Tony’s response. “Trust me, you are not going to be disappointed.  You really have an eye.  Everyone in the biz knows that, of course. I mean, you’re Tony Stark!  Know how to pick a winner, that’s all I’m saying.”
Steve was suddenly conscious of the weight of the collar against his throat, the way it felt as he swallowed, tighter than he knew it was, some phantom vice that held back a scream.
“Sounds problematic,” Coulson said sagely. Tony couldn’t tell if the man was humoring him or offering serious commentary.
There was no logical reason why he was back at Steve’s apartment the next evening, other than latent masochistic tendencies, Tony supposed, a frustrated grimace marring his features as he looked up at Steve's building.
“So, you’ve already told me about your experiences with farm animals while in the Army…you know, honestly, everything just sounds wrong after Grinding Nemo,” Tony said with a shake of his head as he bit into his foie gras.  “Forget it.  You ever think about using your degree?  Outside of the military, I mean?  Got to be a demand for that kind of thing with, say, I don’t know…some kind of defense contractor-type situation.”
“I promise.  I promise, Tony.  I’m sorry.  I’m so sorry, Tony. I can’t—you were gone.  You were gone. You were gone, and I’m
Okay.  Okay, so it wasn’t like this was totally unexpected.  Bruce had warned him, in Bruce’s usual non-committal way, and it wasn’t like Steve was one to judge as far as fantasies were concerned.  Really, definitely not one to talk there. So, Tony was having some kind of sex dream.  That was…fine. Normal, even, really.  Certainly, not surprising that Tony’s mind, with the help of whatever combination of drugs and technology he was dealing with, would conjure up something like this to keep him occupied in this artificial dreamscape.  Made sense, really, Steve told himself.  He remembered what Bruce said.  Ease Tony out of the dreamstate.  Work with whatever he was given.
Tony ran the sponge up and down Steve’s back, because flour was practically sand and could get anywhere, everyone—well, bakers, anyway—knew that, so best to be careful.
“My point. Want me to go up with you?” Rhodey asked, his tone gentling.
“The light’s on,” Tony pointed out, earning a look from Rhodey.
“I told him he could be building security.  I think he cried a little,” Tony remarked, waving the meat fork in the air.  Tiny reams of steam were drifting out of the edges of the grill.  If he leaned over, he could probably get the boring kind of facial.
“No, not because I liked kissing my husband.  Fake husband.  Don’t give me that look.  Slip of the tongue.  Eh, nope,” Tony said, holding up a hand in a stop motion.  “Too easy, even for you, Sugarbear.  Is anyone even paying attention?” Tony asked plaintively, glancing around at the confused faces.  “Look, yes, of course, I liked kissing him.  Have you seen him?” Tony demanded, raising his eyebrows and widening his eyes in exasperation.
“Oh.  Yeah.  Sure,” Tony replied quickly, wincing a bit in apology as Coulson pulled out one of the breakfast table chairs and sat down.  “Steve called them.  The Army science people.  I just…talked to the guy, I don’t know,” Tony said, sliding into the chair opposite Coulson. “They want adaptive armor, but they’ve been working with nanofibers, alloys, that kind of thing, and I just suggested, maybe, you know.  Something a little more…T-1000ish.  The Army guy liked it. I guess.”
someone else’s voice asked.
“Okay,” Tony said.
“Was it like this on the Dark Sea?” Cam asked. “It is the biggest sea in the world, is it not?”
chance, really, it’s…” Tony broke off, feeling his jaw tighten against a sudden swell of emotion.  “I just...I hope I didn’t waste it. I hope, what I left behind, I hope it--I hope it’s
“Take care of yourself, Tony,” Steve breathed out as he passed.  Tony wondered if it was deliberate, to needle at him, or just something Steve had a habit of saying.  His gaze snapped up, and he could see Steve’s throat working around the words, his eyes staring out at the street where a taxi honked its horn for a car trying to parallel park to hurry.
“Who said anything about f—” Tony started, then jerked back as Steve splashed an armful of water in his direction. “Oh-ho-ho, you would dare such with your King?” he demanded.
So, he would do this, and not worry about it being a betrayal---which it wasn’t, because Brock said it was okay if Steve wanted to, and did he want to?  Guilt stirred hot and deep in his stomach.  He shouldn’t
“You know.  You knew when you invited me in,” Tony said.
He felt Steve’s chest shake against his back as he laughed lightly, then squeezed Tony tight before he stood up and stepped out of the tub.  Tony looked over at his Omega, dripping wet, reddened from the hot water and smiling down and him and realized he should probably install some handles on the side of the tub, because, let’s face it, they were probably going to forget about the thing they weren’t ever supposed to talk about again.  Hell, he could barely remember it now.
Tony did look good, Steve acknowledged, eyes flicking up and down where Tony sprawled against the edge of the door, not quite in or out of the gym. Of course he did, draped in a few thousand dollars worth of custom suit, but he also looked different in a way that sent a fissure of disquiet down Steve’s spine, settling like a stone in his stomach. He didn’t like it, Steve realized with a sharp pang, this reminder that Tony was a client, that there was some vast gulf of difference between them that had a lot of zeroes behind it.
, not like that. They’re all a part of each other, the bad and the good, whatever that means, I guess. But, it’s about being able to change, too. To transform into something different. A better version of yourself, but the struggle to do that, it’s a lot, and then to have only the seemingly perfect part of you acknowledged, not everything else, it’s--” Steve broke off, blinking, his mouth suddenly dry.  Tony seemed so close. Why was he so close?  “I--I think that’s what Hirst was saying, anyway,” he finished weakly, looking down at the water where the butterflies were swimming, and Tony stood over them, his body seemingly distorted by the water.
White Coat One was clearly part of some elaborate ruse, Tony decided, a few minutes later as he sat on one of the barf-hiding-beige faux leather chairs that squeaked when he moved.  This was a test.  This was a test to see just how stupid he was right out of the gate, and no way in hell was he playing bait and probably literal switch with this shit.
“Double their allotment,” Tony suggested.  “We can’t be talking that many men.”
“Well, it seems unlikely he’ll survive the fall, but you never know,” Tony said reasonably. “Can you budge over a bit, I need to get by.”
“My best friend isn’t who he was before the War.  Probably none of us are, but him more than others. I spent a lot of time blaming myself for that.  Maybe fairly, maybe not, I can’t say I know for sure these days. But, he’s alive. I’m alive. We still have each other, and maybe it isn’t going to be what it was or what I thought it would be, when I thought about the two of us after the War, but it can still be something good,” Steve told him.  He could make out a little bit of the red and gold now, glinting off the sun where it lit the water. He smiled, wrapping his hands together, his jaw tightening as he tried to think of what it was he wanted to say.
“You’re what my mom would call incorrigible, you know that?”  Steve said.
Hot Roof Guy cocked his head, shook it a bit and smiled down at the drone. He had a nice smile, Tony managed to think just before Hot Roof Guy picked Covi up and held it out in front of him, tilting it a bit until the camera’s angle just showed the guy’s legs (very nice, would look good wrapped around me, Tony decided) and feet (big, though, rather disappointingly, any connotation there was an old wive’s tale if Ty’s size 12s had been any indication).  Then, just the ground when Hot Roof Guy must have set Covi back down.
Jarvis pulled two mugs out of the cabinet and poured coffee into them.  One was the Captain America mug that Tony thought of as Steve’s for some reason.  The other was Tony’s favorite, the one Steve had given him.  It hurt to look at it, but he still wanted it.  That probably said something about him that he didn’t want to examine too closely. He felt a hand stroke over his hair and squeezed his eyes shut, drawing in a deep breath through his nose and letting it out, as Jarvis cradled his head against his stomach.  He smelled like coffee and lemon, Tony thought, momentarily letting himself relish the familiar scents. It calmed him.  It always did.
“Shall I go and see if they are ready for us?” Cam asked. Steve nodded, and the boy took off, practically skipping out of the tent in his excitement to see their visitors.
“Sounds delicious.  It was good.  Last time,” Tony said, though he honestly had no memory of what he’d eaten last time or how it had tasted.  Probably best to just sit here and very strenuously not think about Steve being mother-henned by a Chinese grandmother who thought he should eat more.
“Yes, you are,” Tony replied. “Though, likely not for the reason you should be.”
It was wrong.  Steve knew it in his bones.  This whole thing that Fury was suggesting, it felt wrong.  Off. Shortly after he came out of the ice, he’d dreamed that he had woken up hundreds of years in the future, and no one wanted to tell him, so they’d pretended and he’d pretended, but he’d known.  The whole time, he’d known he didn’t belong, and then finally, someone said it. He’d looked down in his dream and he’d been wearing his uniform, dripping wet and cold with a puddle slowly growing around his feet.  He remembered shaking for hours after, unable to stop, curled in a ball on the floor because the bed was so soft and insubstantial, the irrational certainty that he would fall through it, be sucked down into some other place, dark and cold, hadn’t let him crawl back into it until nearly morning, and then, only because he refused to let himself give in to that kind of fear.
Every little sound turned the screw tighter and tighter, ratcheting up the tension that was pushing down on his chest, making it feel heavier and heavier to lift with each breath. When it felt like it was a choice between being pushed down into the bed and swallowed whole by it or get up, Tony finally pushed himself off the mattress and went to the door, pulling it open enough to peek down the hall. There was a thread of light under Steve's door, occasionally marred by the shadows of feet moving beyond it. Tony watched with a sort of eerie fixation until the light abruptly clicked off, leaving the hallway dark, except for the soft glow of the lamp from his room.
Slowly, Steve made his way back to Tony’s bedchamber, finding Tony halfway through dressing himself, with his breeches still undone and tunic open, though two manservants hovered around, doing little more than bearing the brunt of Tony’s glare.
A vicious sort of possessiveness surged through him at the thought of the garage. It was his, from the concrete floor he'd spent days sweating over as he mixed and poured and raked it as the new layer dried, to the workstation built to his specifications, to the stupid 'bot with a foot fetish. It was his, dammit. Everything else—him, everything—belonged to Steve.
Tony was holding him fast, or Steve was sure he would have collapsed.  It was good. Everything was good.  Dreamlike, he thought, though he hadn’t had a dream like this in so long, he could scarcely remember it.  He watched Tony pull his collar down and draw his fingernail across his own neck, leaving a thin ribbon of red.
Anto dropped his gaze again, his eyes catching on the man’s groin, where his cock pressed hard against the remains of his breeches.  Oh, Anto thought, understanding, surprise and…something else mixing around in his head. He has need, Anto thought, with a sudden flush of heat crawling across his skin, followed by the wayward thought that he wouldn’t mind if the man signaled him.  The man’s leg was all but healed, and while it might be awkward, it had been a long time for the man, Anto knew. He didn’t know how often Alphas of the Others needed to rut, but it didn’t surprise him that the man had need by now. Maybe if the man liked him well enough, he would stay a bit longer with Anto.  Bare his teeth at him some more and make that huffing-crackling-wheezing noise with him when something was funny. Maybe he would tell Anto some of his sounds and show him how to capture animal spirits in grass.
“Uh-huh.  Well, my being “an assassin,” believe it or not, does not automatically provide me with the skills or personality to care for a baby. A baby, who, by the way, seems to have decided,” she noted, reaching for Steve, who darted his head away so fast that he banged it against the side of the arm and then had the audacity to look up in shocked accusation at Tony.  “To prefer his best pal, Iron Man.  See?  He likes you.”
“What?” Tony asked, drawing back his head in confusion.
Because he knew, he did actually know it, no matter what he might say when jinxed accessories broke through his, admittedly thin, mental walls, that Steve was everything his father had said and so much more than Howard had never known.  He had gotten the chance to know that, though.  He got that part of Steve, or got a glimpse of it, and what had he done with it?  He’d made it sordid and shameful.  Because that was what he did.  Honestly, if he were a better man, he would end this now, walk away and leave Steve in peace.  Steve could have anyone, and that probably wasn’t even an exaggeration.   He should do that, he knew.  Let Steve go.  Let Steve go, he snorted derisively.  As if he ever really had him in the first place.  What a generous fucking soul he was. It wasn’t like it wasn’t tempting.  Walking away.  It would be so much easier.
“Not sure that’s the line of demarcation.  I don’t get it. Why?  Why would he—I don’t get it.  He was hurt, and I was being an ass because I had his attention and can’t seem to stop myself from acting like I’m six and need to poke him on the playground and run away—that’s what Bruce says, anyway.  God, cheap tricks and cheesy one liners, right?  I mean, that’s it.  That’s me.  That’s what I—I can’t seem to stop myself.  Not around him.  I want to, and then I can’t, and now.  Now,” Tony nodded, bobbing his head forcefully like the motion could keep him from shattering.  “But he…he took care of me and talked to me and joked and gave me the fucking medicine and food, and I don’t understand
“UNO, next time, though, right?” Tony promised with a slight smile.
Steve’s breath caught.  It was Tony.  Obviously, it was, but the boy on the screen was so very Tony in that instant, so recognizable, all eyes and hair, but his tongue was held in his teeth, fixed just so, the way he still did sometimes when he got so deep in some problem or project, some kind of miniature version of the man he would become.  Steve had seen pictures, here and there.  Holidays.  A tall, thin, impeccably dressed man holding Tony’s hand next to large fountain.  A woman with long, blonde hair in a blue dress, leaning over to help Tony drop small bits of food to the ducks and fish while he looked up at her and ignored the hopeful mouths below.  Still, it was jarring.  Seeing Tony so young, so small.  Tony, his Tony, anyway, was larger than life, filled any room he was in to the corners, a force of nature that could pull the world along with him.  Nothing about Tony ever seemed small.
“Did you know the Corps d’Afrique actually had an engineering Corps, too?  I didn’t know that. Probably most people didn’t,” Steve said, as Shellhead bounced around, making little encouraging chitterous noises in the back of his throat.  Steve smiled at Shellhead’s obvious enthusiasm. “They did! Guess I shouldn’t assume anything, right? Wrong of me, isn’t it? I know. I know, Shellhead. It’s hard sometimes, to remember not to be that way, but then I’m around Sam some, and I think, how could anyone think someone like Sam is somehow not as good as anyone else just because he looks different? People’d say the same thing about you, and you’re smarter than anyone I’ve ever met, I think.  Anyway, Sam told me about it. The engineering corps. They built Bailey’s Dam down on the Red River, which saved the Navy’s Mississippi River Squadron. Captain Rhodes was in charge of the Engineering Corps back then. He’s got command of the
“Seems fairly short-staffed here, like maybe it’s just an outpost or something,” Steve offered, seeming to ignore Tony’s jibe, though Tony could hear the slight lift in Steve’s voice from the familiar ritual of teasing each other mercilessly that they went through, like cats bringing dead mice to show affection. You are stressed? Have some inappropriate humor! It was a distraction and in some ways, an indulgence, he knew, but one that they both needed sometimes. “It sure isn’t in any of our databases,” Steve continued. “There are pairs of guards that seem to rotate every three hours or so. Exit route is two floors up on the left through a storage area with a disturbing number of boxes labeled ‘Property of SHIELD’.”
“This is…less expensive and far more pleasant therapy than BARF,” Tony replied from against the side of Steve’s neck, where he was kissing and sucking a line, tongue darting out to catch the droplets of water that hung on Steve’s skin.  “God, I’ve really got to change that.  Kinda spoils the mood. Does it spoil the mood?” Tony asked, voice low and almost challenging.
“The speculation seems not to have abated much, I see,” Steve interjected. “Everyone does like their stories.”
to ready.”
“Heh,” Tony laughed, then coughed.  “Can you imagine all that Red Bull getting shoved into the sea?  Wonder what that much caffeine would do–oh, hey, that could be the plot for Sharknado—what are we on?  Seven?”
Tony’s face softened, and he took Steve’s hand in his own again, stilling the palsy that tremored through Steve’s bones for a moment.  “I know. It was...it was the same for me, Steve.  I believe that I have loved you in different ways your whole life.  And now, I would love you in another life,” he paused, looking hard at Steve. “Do you understand what I offer?  It won’t be easy.  You would have to leave behind this life. Your family.  They would not understand what you have become. They would fear it. Hate it. But, it is not evil, Steve, or it does not have to be.  It’s power, and what you choose to do with it is up to you.  I made a promise to use it well to make up for sins that cannot be absolved.  Many fall prey to the lure of this power, I won’t lie to you.  They use it to hurt, to control, to
“Why were you in a dungeon?” Steve asked Bruce after a moment.  He couldn’t imagine the mild-mannered doctor causing a problem big enough as to land himself in such a place, and he needed to distract his mind from the thoughts swirling there.  War. Again. Tony and Bruce were right, of course they were. Had he known that, even if he hadn’t quite wanted to admit it to himself? War would come again. Maybe not today, as Tony said, but one day.  It always did, didn’t it? Did he really want to go back to that? Was it truly in his destiny to face that over and over again? Could he stay away, though? Leave it to others? Steve shook himself as a chill snaked its way up his spine.  Why must it be me? What was it that Er’Skeen had said, in the cave, before Steve drank from the cup the holy man offered?
“Okay,” Steve said, then shut the door with a soft snick.
“I would not know, Raj’Inama. That was long ago, and I am not one to listen to such stories,” Cam said.
It had been the wrong test, before, and this, this was the test Steve didn’t want to know the answer to, not really, because he’d known the answer before and only told himself he wasn’t sure because it was easier to accept how much he wanted this with Tony. He’d known, though. But, this test, this question, this certainty—he wanted to take it back, take it all back, but he couldn’t.  It was loose now, flying away from him, and he couldn’t reel it back, no matter how much he wanted to.
He wasn’t sure who he was beseeching.  A god he long ago stopped believing in, a universe that never played fair, the doctors, SHIELD, Steve, himself.  Maybe all of them.
think, not you, not like that, but--.”
punishment, Steve was sure of it.
“Something you want to tell me?” Steve asked, almost carefully, like he was picking each word as he spoke.
“Nope,” Barnes and Rhodey announced at the same time with equally pleased grins.
Or, he just left, because why wouldn’t he, and Steve was a giant idiot for ever expecting him to be here when he woke up.  Steve braced his hands on the balcony railing and looked down at the Strip where lines of cars looked a bit like ants crawling in a long, determined line.  Behind him, something chimed loudly, and Steve’s head snapped around, searching for the sound.
“Okay,” Steve said quickly, stepping around behind Tony so that he blocked the water.  “I didn’t know. I’m sorry, Tony. I wouldn’t have pulled you in here, if I’d known. I should’ve asked.”
“He showed up here a week ago in Captain America pajama pants, toting a waffle-maker that appears to make waffles meant to look like my shield,” Steve added with a slight grimace of distaste.
“I told you, it was an accident, Peg, I swear,” Howard tried.
“Ask me why,” she ordered, taking a crinkled French fry out of the paper bag she was holding in her lap and biting off the end.
“Oh. Good,” the man said, then his lips curled and his mouth flattened, head drifting a bit to the side.  Anto thought that meant he understood, so he pulled out his small, sharp piece of flint and pointed it down at the man’s leg.
“Anyone ever tell you that you look a bit like Tony Stark?” the man asked.
at.  Observed.  Seen.
“Good. That is…all that matters,” Tony said.  “You should rest tonight.  Enjoy an evening to yourself.  There will be food and a bath waiting for you when you return to your rooms.  And a…a token.  Of my affection.”
Was that what Tony wanted from him?  Of course, it was.  The show.  That’s what this whole thing was, after all.  A show, where both parties were supposed to know that it was.  This was Tony’s gentle way of reminding Steve of that.  Tony was hardly stupid, and he was probably quite used to being on the receiving end of the interest of people far more adept and sophisticated at this than Steve and his blue-slushie-mouth and I-like-your-tie and let’s bond over that time in boot camp my drill sergeant made me drink SmartWater “just in case.”
“Just so I’m clear,” Steve began haltingly, then stopped to clear his throat and glance over at Tony with a dubious look.  “You bought a company so that you could fire someone?” Steve asked, enunciating the words carefully, like they would make more sense if he said them slowly. “Because he was mean to me?”
“Someone reprogram the clock on the coffee pot?” Tony asked, crossing his legs and leaning back in the chair.   “It is technically twelve o’clock twice a day, so that seems good enough for government work.”
“What?  No, no, I—the car’s great,” Tony corrected quickly.  Too quickly. “Really,” Tony assured him as Steve’s brows drew together.  “I meant that I haven’t been using it.  The car.  Not the mug.  I use the mug.”  I apparently don’t use words all that often, Tony thought to himself in frustration, sucking in a gulp of air.
“Yeah, not my finest decision-making, training montage, admittedly, but I met Rhodey.  You remember him?  Skinny.  Kind of on the shorter side.  Quotes Langston Hughes and Monty Python, likes jazz, a good Scotch and long walks on the beach.  You pulled him out from under a Hum-Vee and then forgot to mention that little tidbit?  That guy.”
“What you did—” Steve began, breaking off and tipping his head back, blinking at the canopy overhead with its colorful swirls and whorls.  “What you’re talking about.  It isn’t what Zola meant, Tony.  It
It was nearly four months before Steve called the number again.
He really had to stop the fucking Briar Rose routine around Steve, Tony thought with a disgruntled sigh. Though, there was something about the image of Steve carrying him back to bed, laying him down, removing his shoes, maybe watching Tony sleep for moment…God, he was pathetic.  We’re down to imagining Steve tucking him in like a five-year-old, he snorted derisively.
“I know,” Steve said with a sigh.  “I’m sorry.  I shouldn’t have—I know.  Dammit.  Dammit, I
This gorgeous fanart was done by Gregory Welter to go with Chapter 1.  You can see more of his works on tumblr at gregorywelter.tumblr.com and on Deviant Art at http://gregory-welter.deviantart.com.
“Yeah,” Steve assured him.  “Yeah, I do.”
Tony’s fingers tugged at his rim, jarring him a bit from his reverie and he let out a low sound as a third finger filled him. His cock jerked, spurting a thin line of fluid. He could feel the heavy, tight weight of his balls drawn up behind his straining cock. A low, dull pulse of need seemed to race up and down his shaft each time Tony pushed his fingers in, but it was worse when he pulled them out, leaving Steve empty and gaping against the cool air inside the tent.
“Did you find many treasures this time?” Cam asked, wide-eyed, as he always was when Tony emerged from so long under the water.
“Hard to believe you wound up on his bad side,” Matt remarked evenly.
“Don’t touch it,” Steve heard himself say.  Tony looked back at him, then hummed, smiled a bit and dropped the package at the stone’s base before stepping back, turning towards Steve.
“That’s…” Bruce cut himself off, a deep frown pocketing his features as he returned Tony’s steady gaze. “That’s…interesting. That’s really…that’s
“So…do we have a deal, then?” Obie asked from Tony’s side.  There was a tremor in his voice.  Only slight, but a rare enough sound that Tony welcomed it.  The man looked over at Obie, lip curling into a sneer and said something low in a foreign tongue that Tony couldn’t understand.
“Tony, you don’t have to do anything just because of me,” Steve said.
Steve talked some more as they drifted in the breeze.  His little palm frond sail was largely in tatters by now, but he couldn’t bring himself to worry too much about it.  He talked about nothing, really. It was a meandering tale, he knew, and his voice was as cracked and brittle as his skin after all these days in the sun. Everything hurt.  He was exhausted. Thirstier than he had been in a long time. He was having trouble concentrating, and he dozed more frequently, which he knew were not good signs. Shellhead seemed worried, too, often placing a hand over Steve’s forehead and urging him to eat more, but he didn’t have much of an appetite.  He knew that, too, wasn’t the best sign.
“It’s okay, Tony. I’m not hungry.  SHIELD sends food down regularly,” Steve assured him.
Relief flooded through him, loosening his chest and letting air fill it again.  Had he been holding his breath?  He didn’t remember doing it.  Tony raised his eyes to Steve’s and let out a shaky breath.  It was okay. Steve was here.
Rhodey had taken one look at that and dragged him off to a month or so of What Were You Thinking rehab courtesy of Mrs. Rhodes and her firm belief that everything could be solved with prayer, fried foods and hard work.  He’d fixed everything in her house that needed fixing and then some, then the neighbor’s house, and finally, the Church building and Sunday school, and by the end of the month, he was too tired or too full to keep on sliding into the bottom of a bottle he couldn’t crawl out of, praise broken sound systems, Jesus and Crisco.
“Bonded,” Rogers offered when Tony stumbled over his words.   Try to control your excitement, Tony thought with a surprising amount of annoyance, but the thought fled as Tony looked up, blinking with something between panic and bitter disappointment as Rogers started to shuck his jacket.  Well, that nice-guy act didn’t last long, Tony had time to think before he realized that Rogers hadn’t actually remove his jacket, just opened it enough to tug something out of the collar.  A necklace, Tony’s mind supplied.  No, wait.  Dog tags.
Tony could almost hear the clanking of Steve’s jaw set in grim determination, but his gaze met Tony’s steadily across the living room, unflinching, the effort was too pointed not to be purposeful.
“You call me, Steve.  The second you’re done and out of there,” Bucky reiterated as he shoved his prosthetic arm into the sleeve of his jacket. “If I don’t hear from you, I’m coming over.  I mean it.”
Tony hated them.  He hated their uncertainty.  He hated their fear, which occasionally skittered across their expressions before they could school themselves.  He hated their answers, couched in phrases like, “There’s just so much we don’t know about the serum,” and “The brain is an extremely complex organ, Mr. Stark.”  He’d done his homework.
“I—” she stopped, swallowing visibly, eyes darting up to Tony before dropping her gaze back down.  “Forgive me, Your Majesty,” she pleaded, sinking to her knees.  “Please, I beg of you.” The man quickly knelt, too.  Steve could hear him blubbering even over the fountain.
“Robot,” Tony said as simply and seriously as only a child could, holding up a piece of some kind of machinery with a rainbow of wires spilling out of it in one chubby fist.
“You should accompany me more often,” Tony said as the meal drew to a close.  “You would like that, would you not? You’ve a,” he waved his hand in the air, “good mind for these things.  Better than most of my Council, I’d wager.  Hell, all of them, likely.  I wish I could have you present this idea for the new wall design.  You’ve a way,” Tony continued, rolling his lip between his teeth for a moment.  “This way of saying things that makes it sound obvious and…right.  Makes me want to agree to please you, if nothing else.”
Tony would hate him, but he recognized the impulse.
Steve frowned at the sudden harshness of the words that seemed to shock only Steve and Peggy, at least, by the way her eyes narrowed on Howard.  He knew, of course, that Tony’s relationship with Howard had soured over the years, but there had been admiration there, at least, even if it hadn’t been the kind of relationship Steve would have hoped for them.  Now, as he watched the figures move around the small studio set up to look like an office, he wondered just how far that gulf between them really had been.
“Staying busy, good,” Steve nodded with faux-seriousness.
“Love you, too,” Tony rasped out.  “I know, it’s been—well, I’ve been.  Me, I know, I’ve been distracted, and—I just.  I needed this.  I needed us.  To just be us for a while.  And we’re more--more
It was a heady thought. In here, he couldn’t do anything wrong. He couldn’t fail. He couldn’t screw up. This was here for him to do with it whatever he wanted, and that—fuck, that was
What had Natasha said?  That Tony would say yes for the same reason Steve agreed.
“It’s a nice enough day.  We could go down to the pond. Make a picnic out of it,” Steve suggested.
“Bet that was a tight race,” Steve grimaced, then realized the other man couldn’t see his expression, though you wouldn’t know it by how the lawyer’s snort of cut-off laughter.
“I know. I know, it’s--it’s been a hard year, for both of us, with me and my--my issues. This...” Steve started, then stopped himself and glanced away.  “You sure you’re okay with this?  That
“What’s the point?” Tony asked.  Tony’s voice was pitched low, husky. Like he was sharing a secret  It seemed to echo in Steve’s chest.  He could feel his heartbeat rise to meet each word. Water dripped down Tony’s tanned chest.
“No matter what happens?” Steve repeated, his mouth going dry.  Oh, Steve knew.  He knew before the question left his mouth. He knew what Tony meant, didn’t he?  And he wanted, wanted desperately and wantonly, wanted with all that he was, even though he shouldn’t.  Tony was watching him carefully, his eyes dark and intense, eyes gleaming in the candlelight with a feral shine, a predator studying its chosen prey.
“Please just trust me that you’ll feel better about this whole thing after you get a bit of sleep?  Clear your head.  You…you need to think about things…about what you’re really comfortable with before…well, just sleep, okay?” Steve prodded, placing a hand on Tony’s lower back and propelling him towards the bed.  Tony sprawled on top of the covers in a flop, then turned over to stare at the ceiling while Steve lay down next to him.  He took a long drink from the bottle of water, because Steve had said he should, and placed it on the bedside table.  It was nice curled up here next to Steve, he had to admit.  Not the kind of nice he’d had in mind, but still nice.  He grabbed a pillow and handed it to Steve for his head.  Just in case.
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have—” Steve began, only to have Tony wave him off.  He was looking down at Steve with a pained, awed expression, his eyes shining bright, throat working as he struggled to get the words out.
Finally, Steve pulled out and stumbled back, chest heaving, cock jutting out between his thighs, slick and deep red with need. His jaw ground together. He wiped the sweat off his brow and dropped his chin to his chest, eyes shut. Behind his lids, he could see it happening. He could see it happening, just like when he watched it in person, and he was still useless. Useless out there, useless in here, but all he had to do was listen to Steve. Just
No. Wait.
Forever.
knowledge, and disappeared.
Steve was already more than halfway to sleep when he heard Tony whisper against the top of his head, soft and fierce and aching with wonder and fear and something that might be hope.   “I think it might mean everything.”  Steve waited a beat, then pressed his lips to the side of Tony’s head, as he threaded his fingers through Tony’s, flexing his fingers over the rough pads of Tony’s palm.
“She is something, on that we definitely agree,” Tony huffed out a laugh, then his face dropped, his expression going serious. “The boy… I shouldn’t have sprung that on you,” Tony began, his voice thready and halting. “I know that you have been troubled since we left Koltun,” Tony continued. His face softened into what Steve recognized by now as an apology. “I—I did not mean to… no, that’s not true, I thought if you—” he broke off, swiping a hand over his mouth, regarding Steve with a careful, controlled expression. “What I mean to say is that you should not worry about the boy. He will be well cared for, no matter what you decide. And if it helps to settle your feelings, I’ll free him, regardless of whether you give him your name or not. I promise. There. Now, take that off your mind, would you?”
“Tony,” Steve said again, this time a little more firmly, as if that settled something.  He watched one side of Tony’s mouth quirk up into a soft smile, and he shook his head, smoothing Steve’s hair off of his forehead.
usually retained by the harem, he was using it to line his own pockets, among many other failures, of which you are far too aware.”
Behind him, Tony was quiet for a moment, then clucked his tongue disapprovingly a few times. “A crime against humanity.”
“Copious amounts,” Steve assured him with a relieved huff of laughter.  “Thanks.  Again.  For this.  For being cool about it. I really, really appreciate it.”
He should have been faster.
“Dum-E and U like the poster, too,” Tony added.  “Can robots develop crushes? Is this like robot porn?  Am I contributing to the delinquency of a ‘bot?  They should put that on the Turing test.  Be more interesting than ‘Tell me about your hair,’ at least, though, I suppose, if you were an A.I.—“
When he finally left the room, the man at the desk waved him over and asked him to hit another empty box on an otherwise blank screen, signifying that he was exiting the room. Steve wasn’t sure if he was supposed to thank him or what the protocol was, so he said nothing. He turned to go, then stopped, glancing back down the hallway towards Room Six.
, Tony’s mental Steve voice mentally chided him, making him smile.
“The Expo,” Steve admitted.  He could hear his voice shaking.  What was in the Bletchley file?  How meticulous had they been?
Steve sighed and rubbed at his forehead with one hand. Just get the God-damned soap, Rogers, he told himself firmly.   Finally, he grabbed one of the plain, white ones off the shelf in front of him almost at random, then picked out one that promised to smell like sandalwood, whatever that was, but he liked the print on the packaging.
“That, I definitely know,” Pepper agreed amiably. “You sent the jet for James? I've got a notification from the airport that his flight plan says he'll land at one. I'll have Happy pick him up.”
,” Steve grinned, shrugging his shoulders as Tony ignored him. “What’d you expect?”
“But,” Steve began with a sigh.  “We were just dating, and I didn’t know where it was going, and then, well.  You didn’t have clearance.  Fury—
One million dollars.  It seemed like such an unfathomable number.  And in one night...could he really turn that down? Because of what, principles?  After everything he had seen and done, he wasn’t sure he trusted his principles anymore.  What did the ‘right thing’ even mean anymore? Wasn’t helping Brock and his friends the right thing?  So, what was holding him back, then?  Because he wanted to prove Stark wrong about him?  Can’t eat pride, Steven, he thought ruefully, turning back onto his side and bunching the pillow underneath his head.
“Nah, not you.  Me, maybe.  But, not you,” Cam insisted with complete certainty.
He placed the drawing on the coffee table and leaned back against the couch.  He wasn’t sure how much time had passed, but Tony hadn’t come out looking for him, so he supposed there wasn’t much choice left.  “Jarvis?” Steve called out.
And Tony’s Alpha probably knew what to get Tony for his birthday, Steve thought ruefully.  What did Tony like?  Robots.  Space.  Building things.  Cartoons?  Maybe.  Comic books.  Superheroes, though Steve wasn’t going to touch that one right now.  What else? MIT, Steve remembered with a flash.  That had been the name at the top of the screen on Tony’s tablet this morning over breakfast.
He swiped a hand over his mouth, rubbing at his chin where he had been trying to grow in something of a beard.  That had been toast right off the bat.  He’d balked when one of the aestheticians suggested shaving, well, everywhere, but his face was clean-shaven and plucked smooth.  His chest, legs and arms were denuded, just like he was supposed to be.   Someone had tried to tame his hair, which was slicked back flat on his head and fighting against the effort for all it was worth.  His mother had applied a line of coal under his eyes and a coat mascara to his lashes, which made him look like he was permanently surprised, as far as he could tell, but she kissed his cheek and told him Captain Rogers would love it, which worried him about the good Captain’s taste, among other things.
Tony looked up at him, his expression tight, almost pained, and he swallowed hard enough for Steve to hear it.  He opened his mouth, then closed it again, blinking at Steve as he sucked in a breath, then slowly let it out. “I love you, too.”
“I know you too well to believe you dreamt of nothing more than fishing and farming. You’re talking corn and star forts,” Tony challenged, making a harrumphing noise in this throat. “Besides, who said it had to be serious?  You’ve no need of money, no cause to worry about your next meal or storing enough to pay taxes and still have plenty to feed your family come the winter.  I speak of dreams. What did you dream of, when you would let yourself?” Tony asked.
Steve and Tony looked at each other blankly.
Tony grinned widely.  “You’re fantastic.  Now, shut up.” He dipped his head down and found Steve’s nipple again, sucking hard at the nub.  All thought seemed to leave Steve’s head and flood his cock with want instead.  He couldn’t think of anything except Tony’s wonderful mouth and incredible hands. Steve was pretty sure he couldn’t have given anyone his own name at that point, let alone manage to say anything coherent, so shutting up seemed the best option.
“I already took this part of the tour,” Tony said dully as he watched the dunes roll like waves across a dead seascape.  “Where’s he going?”
Ms. Potts had apparently called ahead to warn the store, which turned out to be a good thing, as a flood of people suddenly descended in desperate need of picking up and putting down all the stuff they couldn’t afford.  The salespeople helpfully ushered them out and closed the glass doors across the front of the store, giving Steve and Tony the run of the place.
“I hate to burst your bubble, Captain—“ Fury began.
Yinsen.
“I would take care of you,” Steve said, all breathy and awe-filled, the way he always sounded at the idea of Tony’s Heat.  Steve loved his Heats.  Approached them with the same attention to detail he approached a mission, but with far less throwing people through walls.  But, he always acted like Tony was giving him some kind of amazing gift.  Like it was a combination of Christmas, his birthday and…National Blow Job Day or something.  “You would be so beautiful.  So beautiful, Tony.”
“It isn’t that I don’t enjoy these little flower-picking walks of ours,” Tony said with a wave of his hand.  He glanced over his shoulder at Steve, giving him a small, soft smile, “But how much longer do you plan to keep at this?  Steve thinks it is all incredibly dull, and would rather I regale him with tales of your minor, village-destroying incident.”
