Cas manages a small smile. “You have no idea.”
“I won’t have you marked up from the ropes,” Cas warns darkly.
Dean hit the dirt off his cleats with the bat, one whack to the side of each shoe in his usual ritual, then took a deep breath and stepped into the batter’s box, bat raised over his right shoulder. He held his ground as the first pitch came in, visibly outside.
Henry watches him for a long moment, then nods. “Once I had a dream my bed was full of spiders. I made my dad get up and look.”
They heard it before they saw it. The ground had been too dry to absorb the influx of precipitation and much of it had drained directly into the creek. The rocks they had overturned just a week ago looking for crawfish now sat submerged under at least a foot of rushing water. On either side of the creek bed, overflowing water coursed along, leaving the grassy banks sloppy with mud. The running of the water made a steady roar as sticks and leaves swirled and tumbled downstream in a flash.
“Shut it,” Benny growls, but there’s no animosity there.
Sucking in a deep breath, he starts up the engine to drive to work. He faithfully texts Cas when he arrives.
Would you mind—?”
“No,” Henry says, but his voice has gone small. He pushes what’s left of his sandwich around on his plate.
“Great. That’s great,” Dean said. He looked down at the stack of cups on the counter for a moment before his eyes flicked back up. “And you?”
“I’m sure she’ll appreciate the quick turnaround.” Cas hadn’t seen Dean when he came in this morning, hadn’t laid eyes on him all day until this very moment. He knows what happened yesterday afternoon needs to be addressed, but he’s not quite sure how. “My mother--” He stops when Dean also speaks.
“I thought you’d be gone,” Dean finally said. “I didn’t see your car and I just assumed…”
Whether or not Dean answers doesn’t matter, Cas tells himself, turning back to his document. He’ll know Cas is thinking about him and hopefully that will help.
Dean’s got the coffee brewing and the eggs scrambling. The balcony door is open to let in the fresh, cool air of the beautiful fall morning and the city below burbles with quieter sounds of a Saturday. Dean watches as the wind rustles the curtain, bringing with it the unmistakable scent of turning leaves. They have stipulations in place in case it rains, but Dean’s happy to see a mostly cloudless sky and a forecast for dry weather.
“Just trying to show my appreciation,” Dean says, a wicked grin flashing across his face as Cas’s body quickly responds to his touch. Cas shifts a little, widening his legs to give Dean more access, but it’s awkward from his perch on the edge of the tub.
“Okay but,” Dean is basically spluttering now. “Did nobody tell you the dinosaurs were extinct?”
“Maybe someday I’ll graduate from elementary school.” Cas says with a shrug. “At least I can be the tallest one there.”
That’s all Dean needed to say and he was going to, really he was but… He sighs. “What if that’s not what he wants? Like, what if that freaked him out and then we’re stuck at this thing tonight and it’s super awkward.”
“Yeah. And believe me I know that wasn’t the healthiest way but”—he rubs a hand over his mouth—“I remembered something new and sort of just flipped out.”
Eileen’s eyes light up and she digs into her bag for a minute before pulling something out. With a flourish, she hands over a cellophane bag. Reading the label, he sees it’s a package of wine cured jerky bites. It...looks really good, actually. “Thanks,” he says, and Sam takes the opportunity to teach him the sign.
Jack took a step closer to Rowena and the two of them faced him in a united front. “Then what is it?”
. He thinks of the truly believable fear on Cas’s face, the way he’d spoken in hushed, careful tones. He thinks of the scream Cas had let out from the darkened room.
“Sure thing, and you can bring your cat. It’ll be a double date.”
“I know,” Dean mutters into his neck. Sam had gotten his law school acceptance letters and even though he’d gotten in at Kansas and University of Chicago (Dean had let himself entertain the thought of his brother being a mere four-hour drive from Ann Arbor), Stanford had always been at the top of his list. “It’s not that I’m surprised. Today just made it real.”
Cas sighs and sits down on the edge of the bed. “But I feel ok.”
Hannah, in a nod to the unseasonably warm early spring weather, is wearing a a sun dress, in soft watercolor shades.
“You’re going to spoil me,” Cas says, like he hasn’t already. Like simply having Dean look at him with those green eyes so full of love and trust aren’t already more than he could ever hope for.
“She called me because she was worried about you.”
“Been a long time since I had breakfast without her,” Dean says, forlornly.
Dean shrugs one shoulder. “It was a long time ago. My mom’s a nurse and she still works too hard but she’s fine. Sammy’s a lawyer, soon to be a partner at his firm if they know what’s good for them.”
Well, it appears this fic doesn't want to end. I may have some honeymoon thoughts kicking around in the back of my brain...
“Smelled that chicken, did ya?” She comes right over to him, wrapping her tail around his calf as she circles his feet. He shuffles carefully over to lift up the bag of cat food. “Look what I got you.” She stands up on her hind legs and paws at the picture of the cat on the bag. “I’m gonna be honest,” he tells her. “That cat’s got nothing on you. I don’t know how it became a model and you didn’t. Probably got a pushy stage mother or something.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas had been sure he was asleep. “What?”
Just when Dean thinks he can’t take anymore, his thighs beginning to quiver, Cas pulls off.  Dean squeezes his eyes shut and wills himself not to move.  Cas gets to his feet and takes Dean’s face gently in his hands.  He kisses his cheek, just a graze of lips, really and Dean feels his shoulders sag a little bit at this respite.
Cas slumps against the seat. “I’m sure they could always blame it on the disappointment of having a gay drop-out for a son.”
Dean loves Eileen. He trusts her and he knows she’s compassionate and loves him back. Still, he’s told two people now and each time he does, it leaves him in a cold sweat, his stomach twisting. “Maybe not yet.”
Dean nods. “I get if that’s not something you can do, but I felt like it would be easier.”
“I’m just saying you deserve nice things. You deserve to be happy. And maybe that doesn’t mean Cas but unless you let yourself try, you’re never going to know.”
Just a nightmare, Dean tells himself, trying to use reason to calm down his body which is still poised to run the fuck away. It was nothing new, nothing he hasn’t already remembered and gone over with Billie, but still every single cell seems to be trembling as he tries to slow his breath.
Cas reaches for his arm and Dean yanks out of his touch. “I don’t need to be
“Dean. Can we just… talk about this later? Somewhere more private?”
Dean’s face goes hard with rage, his hands clenched into fists at his side. “Don’t you
Charlie: Funny how you didn’t refer to Ash as “new guy” for a month when he first started.
“No problem.” Dean pushed himself up from the couch and shoved his feet into his boots. It was already dusk, the days still short and dark, but he could see the snow starting, a whirling of small, soft flakes that carried in the wind. He was standing on the porch breathing in cold, woodfire-scented air when the unmistakable rumble of an engine caught his attention. Turning toward the sound, he saw a car coming up the road, headlights cutting through the gathering darkness. As he watched, it slowed, then turned into their driveway. Dean had a weapon in his hand immediately as he called back over his shoulder. “You expecting anybody, Cas?”
The only person who uses emojis as frequently as Cas is Dean’s mother, and he’s shaking his head a little at the smiley face Cas sent when the next text comes through.
Only…
“From everything you’ve told us, Dean’s used to people leaving him,” Anna says.
There are no messages this morning, but he hasn’t expected any since it seems to be understood that their next interaction will happen in person. Taking one last look in the mirror, he sighs, deciding this is as good as it’s going to get. Grabbing his sign, he heads out. So focused on himself, he hasn’t been paying attention to the sounds coming from the apartment upstairs, but sure enough, when the elevator opens, there’s Dean. His sign has been completed, Cas notes at once, the words Save the Drake bold and clear. It’s not like he anticipated anything different, but still Cas registers a little hint of disappointment at seeing it.
They’ve done two out of three before. Gagged and bound. Bound and blindfolded. Gagged and blindfolded. This is definitely upping the ante.
. It’s going to mean he can’t safely forget it again.
“Something like that.
He reminds himself he’s not there to see Dean, but that doesn’t stop him from feeling a pang of disappointment when he arrives and only Charlie is standing behind the counter. She’s dealing with a customer so Cas stands and waits, trying to keep the box of donuts steady, his cup of coffee in his other hand.
Cas swallows, trying to buy some time. This feels like a trick. He looks at the picture, taking in Benny’s burly, muscular form. He stifles a sigh at the emotional whiplash he’s gotten at finding out Dean likes guys, then immediately finding out his type is so different from Cas. “That’s… quite the diverse skill set.”
Dean can’t stop himself from smiling. “Yeah?”
Dean nods. As angry as he was for Cas telling his mother, he admits it would be sort of nice to not have to go into it from the beginning with someone new. “I guess that’s fine if she wants to come by. God knows I owe her that much.”
Dean doesn’t stop until they’ve moved all the way down the block and crossed the street and only then does he chance a look over his shoulder. The cruiser is gone. Dean crouches down to look Henry in the eye. “That man—I know they tell you that cops are helpers, but that man—he’s a bad man. Don’t go near him. Not ever. Okay?”
Tonight will be his first time back in the collar since the afternoon he came home so upset and he lets his mind drift through the myriad of possibilities Cas may have in store for them. The anticipation is one of his favorite parts. He lingers over small moments like the text Cas sent to confirm their “date” or the instructions he gets on what to wear (or not wear), bestowed like gifts while he’s still uncollared.
Dean nods.
It’s a succinct and accurate assessment, one that leaves Cas sitting back in his chair under the weight of it. Starting with his mom when he was four. His brother moving all the way across the country. His father disappearing to start again with another family. “Yeah.”
Dean, in particular, flew all over to grill with experts, sometimes accompanying them on hunting trips first, and it had become a long-running joke that Cas was always stuck in the test kitchen. Not sure where this was going, he tried to keep his face as expressionless as possible, but he couldn’t help but notice that all the other eyes in the kitchen were turned toward him. “Yes?” he managed.
“But, hey, how often do you get a chance to go skiing?” Dean forces himself to keep his voice light. “Sounds like things with Jess are getting pretty serious if you’re going to be spending time with her family.”
“This is Lady Marmalade.” He stops what he’s doing and scoops her up, comforted by the familiar weight in his arms and the feel of her heartbeat against his.
They both want Henry to have a place to play. He’s nine years old now, not really into sports, but Dean pictures them in the backyard one day tossing a ball around.
“They’ll still pay for a night at the conference hotel,” Cas points out. “We could make it into a ‘staycation’.”
“Sure. Go get anything you need and then come back down.”
“I wanna see you.”
Dean held them both up, appraising them side-by-side.
“She does weigh all of eight pounds.”
“I can’t believe you’re so bad at playing the
Despite his mounting aggravation, he was even more glad that he’d put a stop to things last night. While Dean had clearly been looking for a good time, that experience would’ve been Cas’s undoing. It turned out the only thing worse than never getting to feel Dean’s hands on his skin or the press of his lips was getting it once and never again.
Cas pictured Dean in a leather jacket, cutting class to smoke cigarettes under the bleachers. “Bad boy, huh?”
Dean snorts. “Oh yeah, I can flip out with the best of them.”
“Now, that would be bad. But this absolute shitheel of a human is too narcissistic for that. So, does it seem odd to you that now—with winter approaching— would be the exact time he decides to have a concrete patio poured in his backyard?”
“You say that now....”
“But you didn’t go past it.”
They spent every minute they could together that summer. In one sense it wasn’t hard as they were already best friends and people were used to seeing them together. That didn’t mean they could make the change in their relationship obvious, though. Statistically speaking, Cas knew there had to be other gay people in their town but he sure didn’t know of any. And while his family might eventually come to terms with it, Dean’s father was not what anyone would call tolerant.
“Well, it’s not quite ready yet. You wanna shower or anything while there’s time?”
They walk mostly in silence, but it’s comfortable. Cas has left his trench coat unbuttoned and as he walks it billows a bit in a way that’s strangely impressive. It adds an air of confidence to him that seemed to be lacking when he sat inside.
Naomi put her hands on her hips. “Now, where are you boys going to study?”
Cas gave him a sad smile. “I fly back tomorrow.”
joke about it yet, but Dean appreciates the mild teasing. “You of all people should appreciate the symbolism involved.”
Cas snorted. “It literally got bigger. It’s alive and it grows.” Dean smiled at him, the soft one that said he liked making Cas laugh. Cas smiled back, but when he felt like he was staring too long he said, “Back to work? Or are you expecting my mom to bring you up a three-course lunch?”
“I’ll keep her here,” Cas promises. Dean nods but he makes no movement to leave so Cas puts it out there. “You look like you had a rough night.” Dean doesn’t answer, but a muscle in his jaw twitches. “I’ve got coffee brewing. How about I make you a cup for a change?” That gets a slight reaction, Dean’s face softening a tiny bit. “Sit down, I’ll bring it to you.”
, Cas tells himself. Put words in the document. If they’re bad, they can be fixed. If they’re wrong, they can be rewritten. If you’re lost in the story, write until you find your way again. Instead he takes a sip of tea. It’s far too hot and he burns his mouth. He sets the mug back down and examines the tag on the teabag. It’s a brand he isn’t familiar with and he decides to google the company and see what other types of tea they offer. He gets as far as opening a new tab for his search before stopping himself and clicking back over to his document.
Cas must notice because he takes pity on him. “Let’s get you into bed,” he says and steers him toward the bedroom.
“What is it you need from me, Dean?”
Dean gives her his most charming smile and grabs the hedge trimmers. Standing in the lukewarm sunshine, he takes longer than he needs to trim back the trailing branches. He knows his mother means well, but for her to keep pushing this agenda on her sons when she’s seen how devastating a divorce can be, well, it doesn’t sit right with him. He gets that she’s from an older generation, one that valued the traditional wedding and two point five kids. No matter how many times he explains himself, she continues to dream of a white picket fence and apple pie life for him, refusing to accept that he's better off on his own. He doesn’t expect her to understand that he’s content with how things are, but it would be nice if she could respect that he’s the one calling the shots. Gathering up the cut branches, he laughs to himself. Sometimes he’s literally calling the espresso shots from behind the coffee bar. Then he remembers the shots he drank last night and blows out a long breath. There’s a reason he sets these visits for the afternoon and not first thing in the morning.
“Try some on a slice of apple,” Cas suggests.
“Son,” Bobby says gently, and that’s all it takes for Dean’s eyes to sting with tears. “You’ve been working your ass off for a year. Whatever happened, nobody here is blaming you.”
“I’m wearing a wire,” Charlie repeats. “That’s your concern.”
There’s another knock, more tentative this time. “I brought you coffee.” Holding his breath, he hears the sound of a cup being placed on the bedroom floor and, after that, Cas settling down on the floor as well.
Dean nods. “I’ve done some of those,” he admits.
“Older kids get coupons for free fries at the fast food place,” he explains. “They’ve been a good community partner to encourage safe helmet usage.”
so how was the rest of your day?
“Oh, don’t let Dean make you feel guilty. He just likes to tease.”
“I have my job. I have you. I have...friends.” Probably too soon to mention the prospect of getting a face-eating cat.
She puts a hand to her chest and affects a horrified look. “How dare you.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Once I had some time to catch my breath, yeah. I still worry about him, but I know they’re right.”
“Okay, listen. After I’m done at work I can come over and put that battery back into your smoke detector.” Behind him, he hears Rowena let out a small and rather unladylike snort.
Dean didn’t even realize he’d been worried that she was going to force him into some sort of intense catharsis until she makes this clear. It still might be a trap, but he feels himself uncoil a tiny bit. “Okay, I guess.”  Even to his own ears, he sounds like a petulant child, but she doesn’t seem to notice.
“Yes,” Cas assures him and Balthazar completes the aborted kiss. “How are you?”
“It’s me,” Cas says. Dean looks at him, green eyes wide as his lips gently part in surprise. Cas feels his chest tighten, his pulse pounding in his ears. His next words come out breathless, like they’re being squeezed from his lungs. “I’m Chrysler.”
Despite that, he’s acting like it’s any other day, like nothing has changed, and more than anything, Dean wishes that were true. Because that would mean he could still talk and laugh and flirt with Cas like always. It would mean they could sit together and he could watch Cas’s serious blue eyes begin to crinkle with delight when he realizes Dean’s teasing him. And he could let himself think about the fact Cas wanted to take things to the next level with him...
2. Combine some chapters to make longer updates and post for a shorter amount of time.
Here’s the thing.  Dean doesn’t feel the need to ask for anything because Cas generally covers all the bases.  Dean literally has no complaints.  Cas gets him off every single time and it’s always mind-blowingly good.
“And fifty cents for the coffee,” the cashier says once she’s rung him up, smiling at him like they’re in on a private joke.
“Yeah?”
“I know that.” Dean mumbles, eyes cast down.
But one night when he was eleven, his dad had been walking him back to the house. It didn’t always happen that way, usually Dean was sent back alone, tears streaming down his face as he limped painfully across the yard. John was mad that night—Dean doesn’t remember why—but he apparently felt like Dean was taking too long. They were nearly to the house when he yanked at Dean’s arm and Dean stumbled forward, his feet tripping over themselves. He took two extra steps making thirty-one when he touched the back door and everything was wrong. He couldn’t shut that door in his mind, couldn’t pull it together. He fell to his knees inside the house, screaming.
did my superior logic render you speechless?
A week and a half later they’re sitting at the table having dinner. After they finish discussing each other’s days, Cas clears his throat and says, “I went through the information you sent me. I…learned quite a bit.”
“That must’ve been very difficult,” Cas says, then nearly cringes at how trite it sounds.
He takes in one more deep breath then lets it out slowly. “Thanks. I’m okay now.”
“Ok, when you say it like that…” He stops, brow furrowing. “My point is that I really like you, Dean.”
“Would you like Cas to respond? Or just listen?”
“A predator like this will do the same thing. Odds are, if there were pictures, he’s still got them. They may be hidden away somewhere but he’ll have a way to get to them.”
“I grew up outside of Des Moines, but I spent a few years in Milwaukee.” He glances away. “I know this place isn’t for everyone—or hardly anyone, to be honest.” He shrugs. “But it’s the place for me.”
“It’s like a landmark or something.”
“I don’t mean to go too fast.”
“What?”
Cas wasn’t about to make things weird, especially not when it appeared they’d be sheltering in place together for however long.
Naomi’s expression goes soft, her eyes full of warmth. “Castiel loves you so much and it would break him to lose you. Please don’t shut him out.” Dean’s lip is quivering now, despite his attempt to stop it, and Naomi reaches a hand to his face. “You don’t have to do this alone.”
Another lie to add to the pile. With Cas so close, it’s hard for Dean to focus on anything other than his nearness, but he clenches his hands into fists and lets his head drop. “I’m sorry.”
Sam’s tone is casual. Too casual, actually, with a lightness to it that doesn’t need to be there if he were simply making an observation. Dean feels himself instantly going defensive. “Did he?”
Dean thunked his head against the big stainless steel refrigerator. “I don’t know. Maybe I made it worse.”
Dean turned back and took the plate she was holding out. “Thank you, Mrs. Novak.”
He doesn’t have far to go, grabbing a cold water bottle from the little fridge. But he detours to the bathroom and comes back with the aloe gel he likes to use after he reddens Dean’s ass. When Dean sits up to drink the water as instructed, he winces, but before long, he’s back on his belly. He falls asleep with the collar circling his throat and Cas’s strong hands soothing his skin with the gentlest of touches.
“Ready!” Henry calls. With a deft flick of his wrist, Cas sends the frisbee flying right to where Henry stands. He doesn’t have to take a single step to get it. Nonetheless, the frisbee bounces off of his outstretched hands. “I’ll get it!” he yells and takes off after it.
Bobby and Dean exchange concerned looks.
“Since when is coffee in bed coddling?” Dean places his own mug on the bedside table as he gets back under the covers, but Cas doesn’t miss the way he gingerly sits. He hears the clunk as Cas sets his mug down hard.
Cas walked around turning on lights as he checked the different rooms. “I know it's not much,” he said, “but a little trip away without a case seemed long overdue.”
“Yeah.” Dean works his jaw for a moment.
Chagrined, Dean hurries out of his seat. But he can’t help saying, “Easier on her if she gets to look at me and not you.”
Well, I've been volunteering with a vaccine clinic which meant I became eligible to get my shot well ahead of my age group. The first one gave me no problem other than a sore arm, but I got the second dose yesterday and I felt cold and achy all night and had a small temperature when I woke up this morning. But I know that's a good sign that it's working!  Still, I'm glad I got this chapter all drafted and ready to go on Friday.
Dean laughs. “Nah, we had dinner at an Italian place with my brother and his girlfriend.”
i do.
“Okay. That sounds great. Thank you.”
He grits his teeth. Sure, he could tell Cas he needs to get out of here and Cas wouldn’t hesitate to get up and leave, but he needs to prove to himself that he can do this. If he keeps running away every time he starts to freak out, he’ll never be able to leave his house again by the time he’s done. He loses the plot of the movie completely as his mind begins down a new path. He hates Alastair, of course he does, and when he can think about him for longer than a few seconds without panicking, he thinks about ways to kill him. But it’s one thing to think about that from the safety of his own home. What if he runs into Alastair somewhere? Would Alastair even recognize him? Does he even remember him? Has Dean seen him before the memories came back and not registered who he is? Dean’s met Sam at the courthouse for lunch plenty of times over the years, and there are always cops streaming in and out there. Dean feels a cold sweat begin between his shoulder blades. He’s only told Cas and Sam but what if word gets out that he remembers what happened? What if Sam says something to someone? What if it gets back to Alastair? He hadn’t been able to stop himself from opening up to Cas when he remembered, but maybe that has put Cas at risk now too.
“Oh,” Cas said softly. “I guess I should tell you why Daphne and I broke up.”
“That’s great,” Meg smiles. “What did you talk about?”
“Dean.”
Dean starts to say something then stops. “I thought her purring was my phone buzzing.”
It wasn’t a single kiss. There were more and then, suddenly, all of that evaporated like so much fog burning off with the rising sun.
Dean successfully let another ball pass, making the count 2-2.
This one felt different. Even though Dean could barely hear him in the dream, he’s rattled by Henry’s terrified cries. The memory of his little voice puts a new shiver through Dean and he pulls his hand out of Cas’s. “I’m gonna hit the head.”
“I’m just hanging around here this afternoon—I mean, unless you want to go check out the furniture store?”
By the time he comes back up to their bedroom, Dean doesn’t know if Cas is asleep or if he’s merely doing an Oscar worthy imitation, but either way they don’t talk. Dean feels like shit. He’s dragging Cas down with him, giving him a front row seat to the disaster that has always been Dean’s life. He managed to hide it for years but now the truth is out.
Cas frowns. “I didn’t know there’d be a test.”
“Okay, fine,” Cas concedes. “But to think that I’m so much older than he’ll ever be, hell,
At that, Dean grinned. Cas felt the warmth of affection at seeing him so happy. “He sure is. Got himself a full ride.”
Cas turns away for a moment, as if checking on the cat even though she hasn’t moved from her food bowl. “I work in publishing.”
She leans back in her chair a bit. “That’s big.”
Cas smoothed a hand over the bulge in Dean’s pants and he shuddered and caught his bottom lip in his teeth. “I can’t wait to get my mouth on you.” He started to work Dean’s pants down, but Dean pulled his hand away.
know?”
At work, Dean tries to shake off the headachy lethargy he’s feeling.  If he were back in the service bay, he could get away with slacking a little, but of course Benny has called off sick today so he’s stuck at the front counter, checking in customers and handling scheduling and billing.  It’s supremely unfair that Cas gets to sit in a lecture hall where nobody can tell if he’s even paying attention while Dean has to deal with a steady stream of idiots. It takes all of his effort to stay polite and professional and something nags at him, just out of reach of his conscious mind.   By mid-morning he’s chewed a raw spot on the inside of his cheek and when he gets a breather around 11:00,  he slips outside to send a text.
“Hi Gabe. You’re with me in Lambert’s class.”
“Are you ready to get started?”
Oh of course, how did I not get that.
“Doesn’t it, though? If I forgot his birthday, what’s next? I’ll forget he even existed?”
Cas turns, a frown on his face until he registers Dean’s presence, and then it softens into a smile. He stops walking to wait for Dean. “Hello, Dean.”
“Your dad is here.”
“A mom’s night out where I’d come and read from my book. It seems to involve a lot of wine drinking.”
He nods and she waits, looking down at him expectantly. “Oh,” he says, and opens his mouth.
“Oh.” Cas hadn’t considered that option.
Nothing.
Dean flops against the back of the couch. “You were?”
Dean knows he’s the reason for that and they lapse back into silence. Despite that admission, it’s actually nice to have him there, his presence somehow so solid and reassuring. It’s a comfort Dean doesn’t deserve, but it isn’t until he wordlessly holds out a container of grapes to share with Dean that the weight of Dean’s own guilt collapses around him. “Listen, I owe you an apology.”
Cas nods but he looks a little distracted, like he’s mentally reviewing his schedule. Finally he says, “I could do that.”
Officer Novak takes a deep breath in through his nose before answering. “Oh?”
He was still sitting in the student health building when Gabe arrived, having driven to campus immediately after getting his call. After a tense conversation with their parents that Cas could only guess at, watching through the glass door as his brother paced and shouted, he’d withdrawn from school, packing up his belongings and moving in with his brother.
“Looks like she’s not the only one who cares,” Dean says.
“What’s that?”
“Okay.”
“Like, something while Hannah and Chuck are here.”
“I feel terrible, I really do. I know better than that. Hell, if I learned anything from my dad, it’s that this isn’t the answer.” He stares off for a moment, eyes narrowed. “I… I wonder if my dad dealt with some of this stuff? And that’s why he drank?” Dean’s never had that thought before. He spent a long time trying to make excuses for his dad’s behavior before John had become the object of Dean’s ire, fully responsible for his own bad choices, It causes some sort of shift inside him to think that maybe his father had been a victim at some level, maybe struggling in ways that Dean didn’t understand before now. Sure, Dean only managed one visit to a therapist but John would’ve never even considered it as an option, that much he knows for sure.
“Hmm?”
, he’d taught his little brother.
“I think at some level I always knew. But I was probably twelve when I realized I didn’t feel the way I thought I should. First I thought maybe I was what my mom called a late bloomer, but…”
He swivels his head back and Cas rubs a thumb over his forehead in satisfaction.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ok, you keep me posted, though. Tell Cas I’m glad he’s ok and that he can call me if he wants tips for dealing with your sorry ass.”
“Uh.” Dean doesn’t know where to start with that. “Just a normal kid, I guess.”
“How old is he?”
As soon as he says it, he knows she’s going to call him out for using that word, but all she says is, “Why?”
that sucks
“Of course not,” Sam says, but his jaw is tight. “You just have to be realistic is all.”
Pretty sure I get a percentage of any raise you get as a result.
Chuck leans forward to scoop up some artichoke dip with a piece of bread and Dean watches as the cheese stretches and thins before snapping.
Dean continued to stare straight ahead. “Hmm?”
“Who you calling a human?” Benny flashed his fangs and Dean thought
if you start each sentence with “as i’ve previously said” then guess what
Cas is surprised that his feet actually make contact with the hard floor as he crosses back to his table. He feels like they should be floating, gliding above the surface of the earth with the lightness he’s feeling in his every limb. It’s not like he hasn’t imagined the two of them getting together in nearly every way possible, everything from Dean smoothly asking him out with all the swagger and charm he’s capable of to a robbery at the garage that leaves Dean injured (but like, not life-threateningly so) and bleeding and on the ground until Cas pulls him into his arms and confesses his true feelings. (Granted that one is a bit far-fetched but it hasn’t stopped Cas from indulging in it more times than he would care to admit.) What never occurred to him, though, is a sweet older woman making an incorrect assumption about them as the catalyst for their relationship status changing.
Even from where he stands, Dean can see Tory’s shoulders slump. She approaches with more certainty now. “Let’s go on inside and have some tea.” She sets a hand on Cas’s shoulder. “Thank you so much, Cas. She must not have taken her medication this morning.”
When his heat hits just after lunch, it hits full force. As the first wave of need grips him, he misses Cas fiercely, and checking the clock, he sees Cas will still be at work for three more hours before heading to the airport. His brain is telling him to call Cas, to confess the truth and get him back here, and the impulse is so strong, he finds himself with his phone in his hand without even realizing it. Gritting his teeth, Dean shuts the phone off, then drops it onto the carpet and kicks it out of sight under the bed. He tells himself that knowing Cas could get home to him so quickly is what’s fucking with his head. Once Cas is on the plane, it’ll stop being an option and the urge to call him is sure to dissipate. He just needs to pull it together and get himself through until then.
A blonde woman working nearby joins the conversation, tossing her head in a practiced way that makes her earrings sway as she steps closer to Cas. “Hmm. Maybe we could do it as a private thing.” Her eyes light up.
Nah, it’s cool. I just like talking cars.
jesus you’re hot
on your to-do list and get back to work. Opening his to-do list app, he adds it, then notes the item right above it: Leave garage review.
“Yeah, about that… let’s go inside.”
“Oh,” he sinks back against the couch. “I thought it was an animal.”
Dean takes himself to the next session. It’s not like he’s raring to go back, and he’ll admit that he considers continuing right past the building and taking the Impala for a long drive out of the city instead, but he dutifully pulls into a spot and sits in the car for a few minutes, gearing himself up. This time when he goes into the waiting room, there’s another person sitting there. A young woman, head down, looking at her phone. It throws Dean off a little bit. What if he sees someone he knows? He’d been so wrapped up in his own shit last week that he hadn’t really registered that two other therapists share this office space. Of course there are bound to be other people in the waiting room. He tries to remind himself that there's no shame in being here, but still he’s glad when Billie opens her office door and merely smiles a welcome at him without actually calling his name.
The concert ends with a standing ovation. Dean can’t decide if it’s due to actual support of the children’s musical endeavors or honest relief that it’s over and they can all finally get up from these cramped, uncomfortable bleachers. Probably both.
“Oh, you’ll love this,” Dean says, trying for sardonic. “My brain’s putting together all my greatest hits.”
Dean can’t remember her face, but he remembers the dress she wore, the flowered pattern in soft pinks and purples. He had to hold it together, he had to protect Sam, but he was so close to falling to pieces and her kindness was going to be his undoing. She asked a lot of gentle questions but he refused to meet her eyes or answer much of anything, really. He knew he should have a cover story for his face. Tripped over something, walked into an open door in the dark, something, anything, but he couldn’t get there, so he kept his mouth shut.
“It’s nothing,” Dean says, but his eyes are shining and a smile plays around his mouth. “But don’t go burning cookies so I’ll bake you pie.” Dean’s gaze moves over Cas’s shoulder. “‘Bout time,” he says, and Cas turns to see his cat striding confidently into the living room.
“Well, the brie is deceptively easy since I used pre-made sheets of puff pastry. And the charcuterie plate I got from the grocery on 12th.” He reaches for the bottle in the ice bucket. “Can I pour you some? Or I have beer in the fridge?”
“I didn’t go back to work this afternoon,” Dean says like that explains everything. Cas pushes a hand through his hair and starts to sit down beside him but Dean hurries to his feet, gritting his teeth as he focuses on staying steady. “Let me clean this up.”
It’s a woman’s hand with a sparkling diamond ring on the fourth finger.
Dean rides the high of their wedding and honeymoon for almost two months, simply enjoying that they’re together with this next-level commitment between them. But he should’ve known this wouldn’t last forever, because his brain will always find a way to fuck him over in the end. He’d been so busy, his mind focused on the wedding planning, that he hadn’t had the time to worry about much else. Now, with the wedding behind them, when he should feel settled and at peace, he’s restless and on edge.
Dean clears his throat. “I’m sorry for scaring you back there. I got scared and instead of calming myself down first, I scared you as well.”
“Castiel, maybe he’s just being polite. I can’t imagine letting a perfectly strange animal into my house.”
This time Henry stops and looks at him with big eyes. “What?”
“Dean?”
“Okay. We’ll stay here as long as you need to.” They sit for a long time, backs against the hard fiberglass side of the tub. Dean hears the showerhead occasionally drip and he watches individual drops of water as they trail down the fogged-up mirror over the sink.
On the walk back, the cold air has Cas a bit more clear-headed. For a moment he contemplates the wisdom of dating someone who lives so close, but he feels capable of setting his own boundaries.
Dean nods. “Yeah, Cas and my brother know. I knew they wouldn’t tell anyone, but last week I told somebody else. Somebody who could maybe do something about it.”
“Ah,” Cas says softly. “I think I know what’s going on here.”
“Any word?”
The rest of that week, Naomi walked the three boys to and from school. Cas hadn’t thought much of it because after that first day, Sam always had his things and his hair was brushed. Mary was back, good as new, on Monday and everything went back to normal.
“Hello, Dean.”
“You do realize that none of what you say makes any sense.”
“Huh,” Dean says casually. “You seemed to have a lot in common.”
It’s so stupid. He knows it was just a dream, he knows he’s safe in bed, but he can’t get his panic under control. Now it begins to mix with the fuel of his frustration and self-loathing, churning together into something he's even less able to handle.
Henry will be able to understand a car accident. It happens all the time. It’s
“It’s fine,” he says, quickly.
Easier to be the one who leaves first.
Dean triple checks that he’s in the correct work group chat. Not the main one; the one where he and his friends talk shit all day long.
He didn’t even miss the pie.
Dean really should be more concerned. He knows that it was his second disorderly conduct that put Bobby on this mission to “get his head screwed back on right” as he so eloquently put it. But he just doesn’t have it in him to meekly
“First of all, she doesn’t hate everyone, she likes
“No.” Dean feels like it’s one thing to deal with this here on the bathroom rug. What happened then, what he remembers, was real. He doesn’t know how to explain that if they leave the confines of this small bathroom that’s going to make it real again
Dean pulls back until he can meet Cas’s eyes. “Just look at me if you get nervous, okay?”
Cas enjoys watching him blush, and he takes a moment to admire his freckles against the flushed skin, but he’s quick to ease the way. “And I know what a butt plug is. My question is: why put the two of these together?”
she was right. Even if it’s only for spite—and the fact that he loves his job—he gets up and starts his day.
“Yeah.” He gathers himself for a moment. “She’s gonna be alright.”
“He’s just… old school, I guess.”
“He’s in the front.”
“I’m not seeing the problem.”
Dean sighs. He’s finally exchanged a few, brief texts with his brother. He has no doubt Cas filled him in with what knowledge he has, but Sam has kept things light, sending chipper check-in messages or pics of Henry. God knows there’s no love lost between Sam and their father, but Dean can still spare him some pain and further disillusionment by keeping this information to himself. If he has to pretend to be asleep all morning to avoid talking to Sam or even seeing his puppy eyes, Dean can do that.
“It’s hard to feel like he did when he left you so knowingly unprotected.”
Dean reflects on that. “No. But I guess he managed to pull it together enough to hold his job.”
Cas smiles, then leans in to kiss him. “Good to know.”
“If you need help with the talent show stuff then you should really put me to work.”
Dean does and stands in front of Cas with his hands at his side.
This is supposed to be a place for Cas to work. He likes to tell himself that the setting is what matters, that he was productive here even before he met Dean. But while he’s still plenty productive most days, he’s noticed that there’s a part of him that seems forever on notice for Dean to enter the room. A part of him is always listening for the door from the back to open, listening for the sturdy sound of his boot-clad feet walking across the floor. Cas’s deadline is still there, always looming on the horizon, getting bigger and bigger in his windshield every day. If this place turns into a distraction--if Dean Winchester turns into a distraction--then Cas is going to have to find somewhere new to work. He feels a shiver of anxiety roll through him at that, imagining himself sitting at his table at home, maybe with the tv turned on low to approximate the sound of people. He thinks of never going to the coffee shop and letting Dean’s coffee order roll off his tongue. Never showing up here with a box of donuts and seeing the light in Dean’s eyes when he does. He’d miss the way Charlie greets him each day, always asking how he’s doing, always making sure he takes breaks to stretch or drink some water.
“Of course,” Dean says. Mildred is standing near her porch, keeping an eye on Matthew at all times. She’s dressed only in a nightgown and bathrobe, her bare legs ending in bedroom slippers. Her gray hair is disheveled but the look in her eye is fierce.
Despite the time they’d spent together catching up, there seemed to be a never ending supply of things to talk about. Cas went to class and did his homework and looked for a subletter for his current, shared apartment, and waited until Dean’s schedule aligned with his so they could talk.
“Better?”
Dean forces out a laugh, turning to dig a knife out of the drawer. “Who else would I be?”
Dean digs the heel of his hand into his forehead. “I’m tired.” It’s a cop-out but he doesn’t care.
“He’s a writer.” She nods. “Would it be lame if I… wrote him a letter?”
Dean’s legs are splayed open and
Cas, who is taking this whole thing a lot more seriously than Dean, follows this up with a (truly embarrassing) round of applause just as Dean is settling on the seat. He must shift funny and jolt the plug because he gets a little extra frisson of sensation.
Cas just looks at him, his eyes nearly black in the shadowy light. Absurdly, Dean misses the blue. “Mind if I sit down?”
“I’m determining whether or not you spark joy.”
“Yeah, but you didn’t get along with your parents.”
Cas rolled his eyes and reached for his bowl of blueberry puree. “I’m gonna try again.” Before he could, Jody, the video culinary director and unofficial kitchen mom, stepped in.
He opened his hand to reveal a timer. And not just any timer, a kitchen egg timer made to look like a goddamn rooster. It had to have come from his townhouse in Lawrence and Dean was so busy staring at the brightly colored plastic atrocity, wondering where it had been all this time, that he didn’t immediately react when Cas twisted to base to start it ticking. Maybe those few precious wasted seconds might have made the difference because when it dinged three minutes later, Dean was still mouthing at Cas through damp cotton, having gotten his belt undone and the zipper part-way down but meeting defeat at the button of his jeans.
“I don’t think that’s a thing.”
The limo drives toward a fast food place and, even though Dean knows the windows are tinted, it’s still disconcerting to pass people on the sidewalk or in neighboring cars with his legs splayed open and his glistening dick on full display. He’s relieved when Cas puts a hand back on his fly to tuck him back in…only instead he’s unbuttoning Dean’s pants and working to push them and his underwear down over his hips.
Cas stood as still as he could, trying to figure out what to do with his face. He wanted to laugh, to show Dean that it didn’t bother him, but he couldn’t quite seem to make it happen. While his mind was scrambling, Charlie stepped into his field of vision, shoulders squared and mouth tightly set.
“All right, from the notes here it looks like you were given a choice of replacing the part entirely or sticking with what you had. From your signature here at the bottom of the form, you agreed to the repair as opposed to a replacement, knowing that there was a chance it might still give out.”
Cas swallows and kisses Dean’s hip before stretching out alongside him and kissing him firmly on the mouth.
“Figured I’d see if Cas needed any more hot water,” Dean says. “Killing two birds with one stone.”
“I do know that, Dean. But I don’t own anything to stand on.”
“Yes.”
He pulls out his phone and debates calling Cas back, but ultimately settles on a text.
Dean pretends to consider. “And it just might work.” Cas smiles down at him and uses his thumb and forefinger to put some direct pressure on his nipple, rolling it lazily. Reaching up to put a hand to the back of Cas’s neck, Dean pulls him in for a kiss. “Only one way to find out.”
“Fine, but stay behind me, please.” Cas slowly walks the perimeter of the house, Dean close on his heels. When he’s made a complete circle he continues around to the back, standing outside the back door. “Police! Come out with your hands up!”
“What matters is that you rest and heal,” Dean says. “You’ll be most comfortable there.” A flicker of something crosses Cas’s face. “Do your ribs hurt? You’ve probably been upright too long. Go get back into bed and I’ll bring you your tea.”
“Oh my god, no. I’m so sorry. That was out of line. I didn’t mean—”
“Oh,” Cas says softly. “I thought… maybe we’d put that on hold for a bit.”
“I can--” Cas begins just as Dean walks in.
“Oh, Dean, she’s grooming you." Even in the darkened room, Dean can see the fond way Cas is looking at them both. "That means you’re part of her family.” He watches her for another moment. “I can move her.”
See the end note for content warnings.
There will be no appeasing her with pats. Keeping mere inches from his seeking hand, she meows again. And again.
Cas knew this was too good to be true. There’s no magic here, nothing that would allow the words to keep flowing. There was simply a change of location, a new set of stimuli that worked in his favor, but like everything else he’s ever tried, it’s bound to stop working. He sits and scrolls over what he’s written so far this morning. It’s… fine. It’s not great. It’s not inspiring. But it’s fine.
Meg whacks him on the shoulder. “Nicely done, dude.”
“Not my fault I married the hottest guy out there.”
“Sorry, of course. Okay, let me make sure I’ve got this straight. You met a guy online, you’ve been talking a bunch, and now you want to take it to the next level.”
Cas types something. “I’m sending you my number. How about 8 pm for a video chat?”
Dean sits back down on the couch, glancing over to where Cas had been sitting only minutes before. It was funny to hear him talk about the elevator incident, to see him pink with embarrassment. He’s always such a steady, thoughtful presence, and it makes those cracks in his exterior so much more gratifying, like he’s letting Dean in. Dean feels sure Cas would never say anything to bullshit him or blow smoke up his ass. Maybe the advice he gave Dean was right. Maybe this isn’t about him after all.
This seems like as good a place as any to provide some links to support/info for if you are having thoughts of suicide. It may not feel like it in the moment, but there is help to be had. https://suicideprevention.wikia.org/wiki/International_Suicide_Prevention_Directory
Anna sighs. “Why are you only meddling in Cas’s love life and not mine?”
“Sure.” He takes Dean’s hand. “Come talk to me while I do. How was your day?”
The tightness in his chest gives way and he's nearly dizzy with relief. “Oh god,” Dean says. “I fucked this up. I’m so sorry.”
Cas looked at his father. He wore khaki pants and a bright yellow t-shirt that read
Dean took some upstairs, but instead of telling Cas that, he shakes his head.  “Don’t need it,” he says as they sit down to eat.
“Oh my god oh my god,” His phone is back on the car roof he realizes, and besides, Cas has said there’s no one left to call. Wishing he had the hammer, he pulls in a deep breath through his nose and charges inside.
“Good night, Mr. Winchester.”
“The kid needs a dog,” Dean says.
He breathes for a few moments more, then puts on his shoes and socks and walks downstairs.
“Never better. And how’s Lady M? Stitches healing up?”
But Cas has his serious face on, and Dean suddenly pictures him standing over the bed with a clipboard and pen.
“What’s that?”
“What?” he says gruffly, then his expression changes. “Oh. Sorry, man. Is my music too loud?”
“The one in 3B. Uh, Bal…”
Dean immediately pulls off the last of his clothing and crawls across the bed, seductively looking over his shoulder as he does so.
Cas turns onto his side. “I don’t need you to do that.”
“Rain check?”
Cas continues to pat the cat. She relaxes into something resembling a limp noodle. “So you don’t believe in romance.” There’s a bit of an edge to his voice. Maybe the cat’s digging her claws into his shoulder.
“Somebody who abused me the way I was abused… in your experience, what are the odds they just, I don’t know, took up bowling or something instead.”
“Hey.”
“I’ve been trying to figure out the best way to do this, but I finally decided I should just ask your opinion.”
Sam smiles and takes her hand. “We’ll see you there.”
Less than that, even.
“You didn’t?”
Dean relaxes and there’s a long pause while they both (Dean assumes) click through the website that outlines the various steps. Dean’s reading, but the words are starting to all run together in his mind, the thought of all the time and effort beginning to weigh him down. He hesitates, his fingers poised over the keyboard.
Cas throws back his head and laughs, the earlier stress evaporating.
Back downstairs he retrieves his bags from where he’s left them by the front door, and takes them into the downstairs bedroom, where there’s at least a queen-sized bed. The downstairs toilet continues to run after he flushes it so he employs his best handle-jiggling technique while adding that to his ever-growing mental to-do list.  Making the bed feels like a monumental task, but sleeping on a bare musty mattress sounds worse, so, locating some bedding in the closet, he slaps on a fitted sheet and stuffs what can only generously be called a pillow into a case. Standing in the bedroom, Dean turns in a small circle, taking in his bleak surroundings. Despite the fact that It’s not even that late, he grabs a blanket, pulls off a couple of his layers and collapses into sleep on the mattress.
She’s trying to keep the tone light, but Dean’s not having it. “You didn’t answer me. What if I’m making this all up?”
Cas had to admit it looked nice. The long table was set with a navy blue tablecloth blowing gently in the breeze. Cas set a wrapped napkin onto each red plate to help weigh it down. Sam and Kevin, both starting first grade tomorrow, were charged with picking flowers to tuck in with each napkin so the places were adorned with everything from dandelions to asters to tiny violets. The mismatched flowers were perfect with the mismatched kitchen chairs, folding chairs, and patio chairs all gathered to seat twelve. Hurricane lanterns with white pillar candles were interspersed along the length of the table and a metal tub filled with ice and drinks sat in a shady spot under a tree.
“That kid would talk to a wall,” Bobby says fondly.
but she doesn’t push the issue. This conversation is nearly as regular as the little dance routine they go through with Dean offering to help cook. Ellen has made it abundantly clear that, even over a year later, she blames John for leaving Dean in the lurch. It’s not that Dean disagrees with her, not exactly, but if Dean hires someone new and John comes back what’s Dean going to do? Tell John there’s no job for him at the business he built? Fire some poor guy just because John continues to do whatever the fuck he wants?
Running a hand through his hair, Dean says, “What am I supposed to do? Just go ask him out?”
He’d managed to keep this out of his conscious memory for so long, but now there’s no putting the toothpaste back in the tube. He’s gone from blocking it out completely to being unable to think about anything else. Waves of memory are forever sneaking up on him like the tide coming in. Even when he’s not actively remembering anything new, the facts of his past continue to creep into his thoughts no matter what he’s doing. It’s impossible to work, to drive, to sleep.
“Summer’s almost gone,” Naomi said. “There’s always next year.”
It had been so easy, all those little moments with Cas throughout the day. It had lifted him in ways he didn’t fully appreciate until they were gone.
“Okay, okay.”
“Good point. Blueberry?”
“He should pay for what he did.” Dean’s voice cracks a little with emotion. “What he still might be doing to somebody else.”
“Oh yeah? What all does she need done?”
Henry punches his shoulder. “I got you good.”
Sam and Mary both smile at her and what’s Dean supposed to do besides say thank you?
He keeps his eyes on the ceiling.
“Seriously?”
“She’s not going to hurt you. We call that ‘making biscuits’.” Cas manages to make air quotes with a coffee mug in one hand.
Ann Arbor is great and it’s where they’ve made a home for themselves, but it doesn’t feel right for this. “No, I think back home.”
“You mean you didn’t plan that whole thing with Mildred just to get my sympathy?” He winces, glad Cas can’t see him. Joking about it leaves his stomach sour, but he’s trying to buy some time until he figures out what Cas is getting at.
Dean thinks but his last joke didn’t go over great so he swallows it down and says. “Nope, that’s it. Thanks again.”
Dean narrows his eyes at her. “This was after my perfectly regular shower, thank you very much.”
“Okay,” Dean says slowly. He gets that there’s something big she can’t tell him, but he’s still unsettled.
” he says out loud.
Cas smiles again. “You get used to it.”
“Yes.” Cas shakes her hand. “Thank you so much.” He follows Dean out toward the street. “You okay?”
As always, he’s left himself time for a long, hot shower. His apartment may not be fancy, but the building’s amenities are solid and the water pressure goes a long way towards putting him on the right track. He brushes his teeth while he lets the hot water pound on his lower back; a day on his feet isn’t going to help that, and he scrubs his hair thoroughly, letting the suds drip down his shoulders. By the time he’s done, he’s back to feeling smug. Yes, he’s a grown man who overpaid for mediocre liquor at a too-loud bar, but he laughed and sang bad karaoke and spent some time in the bed of a warm and willing woman before coming back and resuming his own life.
Dean’s not about to dump all that on Chrysler.
The vineyard is beautiful. Does it look like Europe? Dean can’t say, but it feels like they’ve crossed into an entirely different place for sure. The rows and rows of grapevines have turned golden, lighting up the countryside. Dean doesn’t notice the air in the city much, but whatever he’s smelling here feels fresh and clean, like his lungs are getting a deeper than normal breath. The drive has allowed him to drop his concerns from home and reboot him in a way, ready to focus on the wedding. Parking the Impala, he and Cas grab their things and head to the reception desk, to find Sam, Eileen, and Mary already there.
Dean’s not even tired, but he feels relaxed enough to melt into the cushions. He takes all the time he wants to look at Cas. Despite not having done more than kiss this man, here he is already sharing a level of domestic intimacy greater than most of the relationships he’s had in the past. For once, it doesn’t feel like he’s playing at something he’s supposed to want, convincing himself of his happiness. It feels comfortable and safe. It feels like he belongs, like he’s exactly where he’s meant to be.
Full of mock outrage, Cas gestures to himself. “Oh yes, the very first thing!”
Yesterday he’d arrived at the test kitchen and grinned at the set up. Box upon box of candy canes sat piled on the table. Everything from the minis that came in strips to medium-sized ones that could be hooked over Christmas tree branches to giant oversized candy sticks. A variety of flavors were represented, with plenty of traditional peppermint, but also things like green apple, grape, cherry, and cinnamon. Cas spotted a package claiming to be Starburst flavored and gave the camera a knowing look before sliding that one farther away.
Cas heard the quick inhale Dean made. “Tell me.”
Dean nods and lets out a long, relieved breath. He kneels down so that Cas can buckle the collar on him.
“Just a sip,” Henry says, and then he’s running off again.
“Maybe not the apron.”
A little while later, Dean sits back on his heels, admiring the finished product. The chaotic pile is gone, each color separate and tidy on the floor. His posture is relaxed, his breathing comes easily and Cas trails his fingers along the collar.  “Ready to talk now?”
Dean is an extrovert, Cas reminds himself. Putting out invitations comes easily to him. He’s friendly, and more than once mentioned that Cas shares similarities with his brother. Cas thinks about how easy it was to tease him about his grandmother, actually laughing out loud at the memory. Lady Marmalade lifts her head and blinks at him, unhappy at being disturbed. Cas hasn’t felt that comfortable with anyone outside of his own brother. Maybe that’s the sort of connection they have. Brotherly.
Content warning for Dean remembering that his Dad both knew about the abuse and facilitated it by giving him beer. Dean has a standoff with a cop in which he engages in suicidal thoughts and considers letting them shoot him. He continues to feel hopeless and depressed at the end of the chapter.
“I see.” To Dean’s relief, he changes the subject. “So, is there something you want to do special for Christmas? It’ll be different without your brother coming home.”
“Stay on this side,” Mary warned. “No going down to the creek.”
What a barely veiled metaphor for signing up for farmersonly.com
Dean held up his hands. “No. I mean, I don’t want to be in your way if you guys want to be alone or whatever.”
“We sure as fuck never got to go to camp.”
“You feel close to her.” Dean nods and they sit in silence for a bit before Billie prompts him. “It seems like maybe you’re feeling conflicted about having opened up to her.”
Castiel jabs his spoon in her direction. “I thought Dean was your favorite son.”
“Well, Dean,” Charlie supplies. “It
Cas could feel his forehead creasing. “Why would I think that?”
His brother Gabriel had been kind enough to let him crash with him. It was supposed to be a temporary thing, as he got himself back on his feet, but he’d ended up living with his brother for nearly four years. Now, he’s working steadily enough to support himself, and getting this apartment seemed like the next logical step.
Seven weeks later, they stand on a  grassy patch overlooking the river as the sun begins to set. Behind them, the pavilion is decorated with strands of twinkling lights. Glass bottles filled with sunflowers and other bee-friendly blossoms line the picnic tables underneath its shady cover. If Dean were to look over his shoulder, he would see the parking lot near the boat launch where he and Cas had parked the Impala in the rain that late spring night years before, where they’d made the decision to try again and tie their futures together.
He stops himself from going down that mental path. He’s not who he once was. He’s making good decisions based on what he wants--on what he
He stays tucked in close as Cas rubs his back. “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you.”
Inside, he puts on his boxers and t-shirt then stands helplessly with his hands at his sides before sliding down to sit with his back against the wall.
Naomi doesn’t even have the grace to look ashamed. “He seems like a very nice young man.”
Some things have changed: they live together on the fourth floor now because the view is better and Cas had less furniture to move. They’ve kept Cas’s newer couch, added a third chair to Dean’s table, and put Cas’s mattress on Dean’s sturdier bed frame. Along with these big changes, Dean still is amazed at the small ones: Cas’s clothes in his closet, his toothbrush next to Dean’s, his toaster oven on the kitchen counter.
It’s awkward without the use of his hands.  Normally he’d have them gripped around Cas’s hip or kneading them into his ass.  Still firmly holding his wrists, Cas lets him lift his hands off the pillow so he can prop himself up on his elbows for a better angle.  Cas is letting him do all the work and Dean feels the strain in his neck a little bit, but he takes him deeper into his mouth, until his nose presses against the dark nest of curls.
“I’m... working on a book, yes.” Cas darts a look at Dean who just smiles and shrugs.
Cas never thought he’d be the kind of person to be a regular somewhere. Never thought he’d be one who people greeted by name when he walked in the door, where they knew his order and called it “the usual’. And it wasn’t just Dean. Jack is quick to tell him about new menu items he thinks Cas might like and Rowena always seems to notice when he wears a new shirt. They inquire as to how his work is going and he answers pleasantly but vaguely, always wondering if Dean has told them the truth. But even if he has, they never treat him with anything other than polite kindness.
Rowena pressed her lips together. “Not our business,” she repeated.
“Four.”
Dean dresses, noting Cas brought him pajama pants and an old, soft t-shirt like this really is a sick day. By the time he makes it downstairs, he’s feeling a bit better.
“I’m Billie,” she says. “I’d say it’s nice to meet you but a lot of people don’t really feel that way by the time they get here.”
Dean waved off the apology. “Nah, don’t worry about it. I was just surprised to see you. Hope Benny didn’t rattle you too much.”
By the time the concert rolls around that evening, Dean has moved past the interaction with Benny. Still, sitting on the hard wooden bleachers in the elementary school gym, Dean wonders if he’s made the right decision by not hightailing it out of town. The kids sit on folding chairs on the gym floor, grouped by age. The 4th graders are the youngest and honestly, they’re terrible. The clarinets squeal and squeak, the trumpets blare, and when the “conductor” puts down his baton, it’s like watching the end of a foot race as a couple of kids continue to play, finishing the piece on their own time.
“First off,” she says, watching Dean to make sure this is alright. He gives her a tiny nod. “You being here doesn’t have anything to do with your relationship. Dean asked you to join us because he remembered something new and that’s what caused him to react the way he did last week with his car.”
“What?”
It’s cool in his apartment, but Dean feels himself begin to sweat. “Uh.”
Still tugging on one boot, Dean heaves a mock sigh. “You’re gonna have to apologize to them now.”
, I was thinking about you. Or us, I guess.” He shrugs. “It’ll be nice to have breakfasts in our own house.”
Dean leans forward to give his words added weight. “Swap out the fries for tots.”
His shoulders ache and he keeps finding his hands clenched in fists even when he’s just sitting and talking.
When Dean returns with the hot cup of tea, Cas is sitting up in bed with a pillow behind his back.
“Yeah.” Dean’s head dropped. “She was crying so hard that morning. She knew I had the test which made it worse. But there was no way I could leave her like that.”
Cas trails his fingertips lightly over Dean’s arm. “I know you’re leaving. You’ve said all along you were only here until Christmas and I knew that, but I think I didn’t really believe it until I showed up the other day and saw the boxes. And then all I knew was I couldn’t let you leave without letting you know how I felt.”
“Hello, Dean.”
“Touch it and you take your life into your hands.”
“What are we celebrating?” Dean raises his as well.
after you just got done telling me how you know so much because you went to med school.”
Dean looks between them. “What? What does it matter?”
It had left Dean with a sudden image of the two of them in brightly flowered shirts, Bermuda shorts, and flip flops. Picturing Bobby scowling at the sea with his trucker hat still planted firmly on his head, he’d snorted, catching their attention.
Naomi laughed. “Do you like the dresser against this wall? We can move it if you like.”
Cas takes a startled step backwards, bumping into Dean. “I did. That’s extremely concerning.”
“Hey, down there!”
he’s out of peanut butter.
“Castiel Novak, I swear to God, I will call your mother and tell her the truth about why you missed her birthday dinner that year.”
“Do you ever... " Cas begins hesitantly.
Dean didn’t realize he was bracing for some sort of response that would leave him feeling pitied until he got Cas’s genuine expression of sympathy instead. “Thanks. It was a long time ago obviously, but I gotta admit being here feels a little strange.”
No longer afraid, Dean stands a little taller and he finds he’s smiling as well. That’s when Alastair lunges. It’s ridiculous, he’s still fifteen feet away from Dean, there are rows of people between them, but he tries to hurl his body toward the crowd to get to Dean. Donna steps in front of Dean but she needn’t have bothered as Jody, Crowley, and a couple of other officers wrestle him to the ground. Cameras are whirring and clicking the entire time, capturing his every now-harmless threat, documenting his humiliation as he’s held face down on the ground.
Communicating in person is easier, he decides. He likes being able to see the effect he has on people, if they’re laughing at his jokes, if their body language is open and receptive. Kind of like when he talks to Cas lately. Maybe he was wrong about the guy not liking him. Maybe he’s just shy and awkward. Like one of those nerdy, booksmart guys. Idly, he wonders if Cas ever wears glasses. Although there’s nothing nerdy about the guy. He’s fucking ripped. Dean’s apartment overlooks the street and he’s seen Cas coming back from runs with his sweat-dampened shirt clinging to him and those unbelievable thighs.
In the office cafeteria, Cas gathers up his empty soup bowl and spoon and returns them to the dirty dish area. He likes his job, likes the people he works with, but he realizes he’s had more conversation with the random guy online over the past few weeks than he has with any of his co-workers. Maybe Meg was right. Maybe he should be doing more reaching out. To be honest,  he’s noticed even his conversations with Dean have gone better lately. He’s less of a nervous wreck and he’s pretty sure some of that confidence comes from the ongoing interaction he’s been having online. Whatever the reason--at least for now--he’s stopped embarrassing himself in front of Dean Winchester.
“Oh,” Dean says, sheepishly handing it to him. “Sorry.”
“Ugh,” Dean says, but he lets the words warm him. “I think I could eat now.”
“Good morning,” Cas murmurs, before continuing his exploration, tongue tracing the shell of Dean’s ear.
“Not really. I’ve been living with my brother in the suburbs, but now I’m here.”
Cas nods. “The trees are beautiful.”
Dean takes stock of himself. Yeah, his heart is going kind of fast and his palms are sweating, but he feels centered in his body. “Not terrible? I don’t feel like I’m dissociating at all.”
“No!” The ferocity in his own voice frightens him, and he tries to pull away from Cas’s hand, but Cas won’t let go. Slowly, Dean lifts his head. “I’m okay.”
“Hang in there,” she tells him, handing him his coffee. “Have a good one.”
“You have got to be kidding me,” Anna says. “That worked?”
To his relief, Charlie throws back her head and laughs. “You think I’m bad now? Dean banned me from having cold brew during the work day.”
At last Cas meets his eye. “I found a therapist who specializes in recovered memories. I’m making you an appointment.”
Dean shrugs. “Maybe I just wanted to watch you walk around naked.”
“I can’t even remember the last time I went,” Sam says. “Which is probably a lot of the issue.”
Cas sighs the sigh of the long-suffering. “Have you considered that I’m perfectly happy the way things are?”
I don’t want it.”
with every beat of his pounding heart. He’s still standing there paralyzed when Eileen comes to the door, her arm around Henry. “Dean, what happ—“ she cuts off at the sight of him, then turns toward the stairs and yells for Sam. “Come inside,” she says to Dean, but he can only shake his head weakly. “Please. It’s alright. Come in.”
“I’m sparking joy.” Cas uses his grace to get Dean ready, tendrils of it flitting over his prostate until he’s nearly whimpering with need.
Dean peers through the glass. “No.” That does sound cute, he thinks, and he’s maybe a tiny bit disappointed not to see it. “Just regular sleep, I guess?”
Just then a woman steps over and whips the towel off her shoulder, quickly spinning it and smacking Dean on the arm with it. “Look what the cat drug in.”
Bringing food is what you do for someone having a rough time, nourishing them at the most basic level. So Dean swallows his instinct to downplay the gesture and decides he’s okay with it. Also, that pie looks incredible.
Dean hands it to him. “It’s nothing earth-shattering but it sort of has everything in one place which is supposed to help. She even said that the paper can be a tool itself, like if I’m too stressed to tell you what’s wrong, I can bring it out and give it to you.” Dean likes the idea of that, likes not worrying about having to find the right words.
“Everything ok?” Dean asks, when he puts the truck back into gear.
“Well,” Dean says. “That and a persistent husband.”
Cas thought about Dean taking the bus to walk Sam home from school. Thought of him making him chicken nuggets and being late himself so that he could make sure Sam was up and ready for school. “Plus, he had you.”
“I’ll be honest,” Cas says, after another big bite. “I thought you knew she was in there and were messing with me.”
Sam’s eyes go wide. “What? Holy shit.”
And now Cas.
“Uh,” Dean says, fingers flexing. “What’s the best way to pick her up?”
“I mean, I know we don’t see him a ton even in Kansas, but at least I knew I could get there if I had to.” He sighs. “Everything is changing.”
“Of course. I know how hard that was, but honey, honestly I never thought she was the one for you.”
“Oh my god, no more hard candy.”
Dean slumps back against the couch. “Ugh. I hate this.”
“I don’t know. No.”
“I will,” Cas promises.
“That’s very impressive. You must be proud of him.”
Dean’s not ready to be treated with kindness, especially when he realizes he’s fucked up yet again. He gets to his feet, moving swiftly across the room before wheeling around. “This is a perfect example. You’re always having to take care of me. I didn’t even ask you how your presentation went.”
More he needs to do, more ways to take it further. It feels like she’s always moving the goalposts on him the minute he gets close. This is never going to end and it isn’t fucking
“Uh, I don’t know the technical term for it but I guess you could say I lost my fucking shit.”
“Castiel Novak. You sly fucking dog. He was
Cas hadn’t let himself worry that this was a one-time thing until Dean said that, and he felt relief flood through him. He rested his forehead on Dean’s stomach for a long moment.
Tonight Dean doesn’t hesitate. Sure, it’s been awhile since Cas has had a migraine, particularly one bad enough to leave him in bed, but Dean knows how to help. “Want me to rub your shoulders?” Cas requires a lighter touch, the migraine making him over-sensitive to any and all sensation, but a gentle massage is a proven go to.
Dean, still fully clothed and lying on the bed playing solitaire on his phone, tips his head back to show Cas that he’s put on the collar.
Cas hadn’t had that much whiskey, but he felt emboldened enough to say, “I don’t know what it was. Everything in my life felt so turned around and I decided finding you would help things make sense again.”
His car drives smooth as can be--maybe smoother than it ever has--and he gets home with no problems. Between this and the progress he’s made writing, he’s starting to think things are turning around. Maybe he only needed to hit bottom, so to speak, before he could get his focus unblocked and his creative juices flowing again. To keep that level of karma going, he decides he’ll leave a nice, positive review of the garage.
There’s no sign of John when Dean gets home. He stands for a minute in the middle of the living room, just listening to the silence and waiting for the guilt to roll in. He gets a flicker or two of it but mostly there’s unadulterated relief. It’s been a long day and he wants to sink down onto the couch and turn his brain off, but first he strips the bed and shoves the sheets into the washer. While it runs, he turns to his little table of plants.
Cas smiles. “To her, I’m sure they were.”
But then what? It could go so many different ways. No matter how it plays out, even broaching the idea of meeting in person is going to change things. If SavetheDrake has an excuse, no matter how plausible, Cas will assume he just doesn’t want to meet. Worse, what if he says yes then doesn’t show? There’s no coming back from that. Cas is five minutes into playing out these scenarios when he realizes he’s never even considered an option in which they do actually meet in person. Cas imagines himself standing there, brain spinning, mouth opening and closing like a goldfish as he prays for the familiar comfort of a keyboard and screen. No doubt Drake will quickly and conclusively realize what a mistake he’s made. He’ll make an excuse to leave and that will be the last Cas ever hears from him because it’ll be impossible to return to the easy banter and effortless back and forth after that.
today.”
Cas doesn’t mean to say it, but it bursts out of him. “Dean won’t talk to me.”
Instead, Dean lay there, letting Cas pin him, with something in his eyes that looked almost like a challenge. Cas froze in a way that had nothing to do with the temperature, and the moment drew out, the frosty clouds of their breath meeting and mingling between them in a way Cas wasn’t brave enough to do otherwise.
Oddly, the latch is unfastened and the door is standing partly open. Fully on alert now, he moves closer. “Hello?”
“Way to go, that’s awesome,” Sam agrees. Watching them so enthusiastically happy for his husband never fails to do Dean’s heart good.
Charlie sends the peach and a fist.
Dean doesn’t seem to notice, though. “It was. We moved around a lot because he couldn’t hold a job. I always made sure Sammy had enough to get a cheap book--the kid inhaled them, I swear to God--but let’s just say my book fair memories aren’t nearly so pleasant.”
“I don’t think that’s how it works,” he says.
“Off.”
By the time he wakes the next morning, it’s nearly noon. He doesn’t feel much better, but at least the sun is shining. He heats up a can of soup, frowning at his food cupboard when he can't find any saltines to go with it. He manages about half a bowl and forces himself to drink some water before needing to lie down again. Back in bed, he tries to write in his notebook, to capture a little bit of what he felt during the endless night, but everything he writes comes out embarrassingly melodramatic. With every part of his body aching, he drops the notebook again.
“Uh. So, uh…” Dean wets his lips.
The grin threatens to split Dean’s face in two. “Yeah?”
“You’re almost ready. I just need another minute.”
The door creaks as he slowly opens it, and he tenses in case she bolts. When nothing happens, he steps inside and finds her still lying on her blanket, head lifted to look at him.
“Yes, we took her to the station and everything was on time.”  Cas settles himself on the step next to Deans hip and with one long finger lightly traces his cock from root to tip and back again.
He stayed silent for a long time. “This is why you always wanted me to give Dean another chance when we fought or when he’d stop showing up.” Naomi made a soft sound of assent. “I always thought you just liked him better than me.”
“I’m just dealing with some shit. And, no, before you ask, me and Cas are fine.”
“Over here, Castiel.”
“Yeah,” Dean assures him, doing his best to brush off his concern. “Just a lot of running around today making sure you’re ready for your trip. And I’ll miss you,” he adds, hoping the honesty of that comes through to overpower anything else Cas might be getting from his scent.
Naomi grants him a small smile, then adds, “I’m not telling you this to add to your burden, and I sincerely apologize if it feels that way.” She takes in a deep breath. “I know how it is to feel so dirty and ashamed. To feel like you should’ve been strong enough to stop it.” When she looks at him again, her gaze is unwavering, so much like her son’s. “No matter what happened to you, you aren’t. And you couldn’t have.”
“Let’s go home,” Cas says softly.
And sometimes it’s Dean letting Cas know that he wants to be handcuffed and roughed up a little.
This was a bad idea.
know something like this can come on at any time for a variety of reasons.”
Now, with the reality of those years back with a vengeance, he’s mired in the feelings he had at the time: how frightened he was, how dirty and worthless. Alastair had gotten inside his head as well as his body and, while the physical wounds have long since healed, those thoughts linger on. There had to be a reason he chose Dean. Why he kept choosing Dean. That thought plagues him and Dean wonders, with a sickening lurch of his stomach, whether he’ll remember there were times that he actually liked it.
the support and love of my family so many years later, it nearly killed me. The pain was so overwhelming. The horror of what you did to me. The unrelenting panic that came with every broken night of sleep and every waking nightmare of a day. Even with all of these people to help me, it still nearly killed me. But it didn’t.”
Even in the darkened setting, Cas can see Charlie flush. “
“That’s easy enough.”
Kevin and Sam colored on a big sheet of butcher paper Mary had taped to the wooden fence and Cas plopped down onto the grass while he waited for Dean to come back out with a roll of paper towels his mother had requested. He tried not to stare as Mary stepped closer to John, snuggling into his side as he wrapped an arm around her.  “I can’t believe our baby is starting first grade. It’s going to be so strange to have him gone all day.”
, but it didn’t even cross his mind.
It’s awkward, but Dean does as he’s told, moving until his back is to Cas’s chest. From this direction, he can see directly into every car they pass on the road as Cas pushes into him. He’s pretty sure they’re hidden from view. Pretty sure. But what if the outside light has changed or the angle is just right and somebody can see his face as Cas fucks him? Imagining what he must look like, he starts to cover his own face again, but Cas is having none of it. From behind, he takes a wrist in each hand, crossing his arms in front of him and pinning them to his sides.
Dean wakes slowly. He’s warm and comfortable and there’s a pair of familiar lips nuzzling against his jaw. Eyes still closed, Dean tips his head back the smallest amount, but it’s enough for him to feel the brush of Cas’s stubble as he kisses his way towards Dean’s ear, catching the lobe softly between his teeth.
“Jizz hands,” he says, when Cas just squints at him.
“Shut up,” Dean mutters.
“So,” he says, and Dean’s back to that stupid grin. “We probably need to figure this part of it out.”
Dean smiles. Naomi Novak is a creature of routine, always has been. She has tennis days and walk days and honestly, he’s just glad he didn’t catch her when she needed a doubles partner or something. “I would love that. I can be there in fifteen.”
, then, I never would have said a thing if I hadn’t seen the way he looked at you.”
for keeping me honest with her excellent beta work!
“It’s a work of art,” Dean says. “How’s Andrea like it?”
“Have you tried the curry?” Cas says as he gets into the elevator.
The sky stretched clear blue above them with the promise of another scorching day, but it was cooler in the woods, almost chilly, as the morning sun hadn’t yet warmed the air under the leafy branches. Thanks to a leaf collection project in his science class last year, Cas was able to identify a number of tall trees—hickory, elm, and sycamore—that dominated the space with smaller, scrubby bushes filling in underneath. Further up, almost across from Sam and Dean’s house, a small footpath extended into the distance, and through the trees Cas saw glimpses of the red bricks and dark roofs of houses that bordered the far side of the woods. Cas took in his surroundings while Sam picked up a stick and began poking it in the grass, stirring under the dry leaves that had already started to fall from the trees.
Cas holds up his hands, palms out. “I don’t mean to interfere.”
sorry to ramble
A chicken drumstick in his hand, Dean nods appreciatively. “I told you about the guy who came into my place, right? The writer?” They shake their heads in tandem. Dean knows he hasn’t mentioned it yet. He’s not sure why he hasn’t, but this seems like the perfect opportunity, so he tells them about Cas coming in to get his car fixed then showing up the next day to ask if he could sit and write. Dean tells the story in a way that isn’t quite fair to Cas, hammering the whole fish out of water aspect of it a little too hard.
“I’m gonna play Little League this year,” Dean said. “My dad’s gonna coach the team.”
“If I let you out of this car, can I trust you to go right home with Cas and stay there?”
He pulls in a deep breath. “Okay. I’ll see you tomorrow, I guess.”
“So,” Cas says, handing Dean his coffee. “I gave my mom your card. She’s definitely going to call.”
“It may not feel that way to you right now, Dean, but you’re one of the lucky ones. Many people with your sort of trauma become self-destructive. Many of them die, either by accident or by suicide before they ever get the chance to process it.”
“That makes sense.”
They’re finding a rhythm, hips rocking as they work each other with more urgency. Cas keeps making the sweetest whimpers, sounds Dean never wants to stop, and he gently catches Cas’s bottom lip in his teeth so that he can hear them better.
” He turns back around to find her standing on the table eating from his plate. He grabs the plate away, losing a piece of bacon in the process. Unabashed, she snatches it up.
Hearing a loud shriek from somewhere above him, he reminds himself of the downside of apartment living: neighbors on all sides. It’s a small price to pay for being in the heart of the city, but it’s enough to have him navigating the piles of boxes to slide the glass door shut. Hands on hips, he tries to decide where to start. Probably the bedroom where he can at least keep Lady Marmalade company in her carrier while they both get acclimated. He frowns at the bedroom door which stands slightly ajar. He thought he’d been careful to close it once the last of the bedroom items had been placed in there.
Finally Jack spoke. “That sounds a little bit…
“No,” Dean said, “It’s fine. I just didn’t hear you coming.”
“Lemme grab my key from the back.”
“That
Cas sits up to get the lube out of the drawer and Dean shivers a little until he comes back, warm and solid next to him.  Cas kisses a trail down Dean’s side before kneeling between his legs.  Dean spreads his legs to accommodate him, humming a little just from the sound of the lube opening.  He feels one slick finger begin to trace its way from his sac downward.  Cas prods gently, then circles around, delving a little deeper each time.
He wishes he could go back to those earlier days of blissful ignorance, as imperfect and cowardly as they may have been. He had a life he was happy with, people who loved and respected him. Now he sees it in his brother’s eyes, like he’s gamely pushing forward because he has to, even though he’s so sick of dealing with him. He sees it in the tension that creases Cas’s brow when he looks at Dean, in the weariness that mars his handsome face.
“I’m fine,” he says again. “And obviously you’ve made it clear that you have many more important things to attend to so don’t let me keep you from those,
Cas tries to remember their names, but they immediately slip out of his brain. The one detail he does retain is when Charlie explains that two of them are in her DnD group along with Dean. He turns to look at Dean. “You told me she was a nerd. What does that make you?”
Dean ponders for a moment. Naomi has always tolerated him but it’s been abundantly clear that this was never the life she had planned for her son. Even though Cas was out long before he met Dean, Dean’s pretty sure Naomi somehow blames Dean for making him gay. “Tell her thanks for giving birth to my hot husband.”
It’s hard not to think it in a way that comes off as cocky or overconfident, but Dean knows he’s good with people. He’s been called charming by more than one recipient of his attention and he knows how to play the game, so to speak. The fact that he’s been pulling his weight in just an online conversation has him even more convinced of his ability to win Chrysler over.
“That’s what it’s for, right?” Dean interrupts. “It’s why we have it and I used it so what is the big deal?”
“Are you drunk?” He wishes Cas would get mad, because that’s what he deserves. This soft sadness in his voice is exponentially worse.
“If you want to spy on me, just say so.” Cas is teasing, but he knows Gabe likes to see for himself how he’s doing. “But sure, that’s fine.”
Every evening they spent on the couch, playing video games or watching movies, any semblance of personal space disappearing over time. Shoulders and legs pressed together, and, while there’d been no repeats of the drunken first night kissing, Dean didn’t seem at all self-conscious.
“Tell me,” Gabe asks when he calls today. “That cat hates everyone, why does she like
“She’s not in Mrs. Adkins’ homeroom with me but we’re in the same reading and math.”
“I’m sorry.” Cas leans past Dean to grab a tissue from the night stand. “I guess that’s been building up since you first told me.”
“But Henry—“
Sam and Eileen share a look and she takes Henry to the family room at the back of the house. Dean can still hear the hiccuping gasps Henry makes as he trails down the hall. Sam gestures to the living room, so they can sit down, but Dean shakes his head, unwilling to leave his sentry near the front door.
Still looking down at the darkened phone screen, Cas says. “I saw a missed call from Tory.”
“Okay,” Cas says slowly, looking down at where a small purple flower grows up through a crack in the concrete.
Cas pretty much understood nothing after
“Shall we begin?” Cas says.
“I did, mom!”
It all makes sense now. Dean looks down at Lady Marmalade. “You should’ve told me,” he says to her.
as he crosses over to the bathroom. Closing the door behind him, he drops his head against the wood with a soft thunk. He turns on the shower, leaving the water cold. Like somehow Cas won’t know he’s in here taking off his clothes if the water’s already running. He squirts a big glob of toothpaste on his toothbrush and forces himself to stand under the cold water until he’s done brushing. He’s not sure it does anything other than distract him from his own idiocy, but that’s good enough for starters.
Cas darted his eyes at Dean, but Dean only rolled his eyes.
“What?”
Cas’s smile fades. “I’m sorry you felt that way. You should be able to count on me responding if you have a problem.”
really sealed the deal.”
to have them come back. Not that anyone can ever be completely ready, not for something like that, but they can be surrounded by love. They can have a husband who is there for them unconditionally and with a breathtaking combination of tenderness and unbelievable strength. They can have a younger brother who continues to look up to them, even when their roles should clearly be reversed. They can have a sister-in-law who jumped into the family with both feet and a heart so big that there was no escaping being drawn into her orbit. They can have an uncle that taught them more about being a man in silent, selfless moments than any lecture ever could. They can have a nephew who shows them what a child should be, one who has been cherished since the day he was born, one whose very existence is a miracle.” Henry looks like he can’t decide whether to smile or roll his eyes and Dean can’t help giving him a quick wink as he addresses him directly. “You showed me exactly what a child should get from a parent, you inspired intense feelings of protection and love simply by existing. As all children should.”
Before the session ends, Dean practices a few of the techniques. He names all the blue things he can see in Billie’s office. He snaps a rubber band against his wrist. He runs his hands over the texture of the cushion he’s sitting on. He feels stupid as shit. “I’m sorry but are these really going to do anything?”
This time Cas imitates what Dean did, pulling in a long breath. “Oh,” he says softly. He doesn’t know the first thing about describing scents, but the flowers smell sweet without being overpowering.
By the time Cas left Oregon a week later, they’d formalized some plans and time frames. While Cas had entertained the thought of packing Dean and all his things into his car and driving back home, logistics got in the way. Dean had two jobs, a lease, and  a car. Cas needed to find a new apartment that would accommodate the two of them.
Cas’s voice is good. It’s deep and warm and even though Dean isn’t completely sure what he’s saying, he likes hearing it.
.” Still chewing, Georgina lifts her head to regard him. “You knew she was in here all along.”
“Come in. I’ll make us hot chocolate.”
“Is it just me or are these kids good?” Cas murmurs in his ear.
It crosses Dean’s mind that he hasn’t cried like that since the memories returned. He’ll feel that ache in his chest, feel tears stream down his face, but there’s something like a numbness that stops him, a tightness that clamps down before it reaches that point. Probably just another sign of how fucked up he is, how broken.
It’s (pun fully intended) much harder than he thought.
“Comfortable?”
Dean’s not sure why he reacted so strongly. “I know we did, but… Henry’s not us.”
“It should.” Along with cleaning all the storm windows, Dean’s fixed and cleaned the gutters and power washed the siding. “I’ve done what I can without getting up on the extension ladder but I gotta tell you, heights aren’t really my thing.”
With that, he strides past the counter and down the hallway to the office. Wordlessly--and without even a glance in Cas’s direction--Dean follows him.
“He said it’s too quiet at home for him to read.”
“Alastair definitely referenced having known you as a kid,” she clarifies.
Dean’s conscious of every place where they touch, his every nerve ending feels like it’s on fire, his body is suffused with such heat that he can practically smell smoke and—
“Working hard?”
“Come with me.”
I tell you all of this because I need you to know what I was poised to lose when those memories came back.”
LOL That one needs some work
Cas takes his hand. “You’re right. Besides, Anna would kill me.”
The driver and the window attendant exchange money and food and pleasantries but it sounds like it’s coming from far away. Dean is distracted just enough to wonder if there’s a word for tunnel vision that applies to hearing because all he can hear is the slick sound of Cas’s fingers moving in and out of him and the ragged harshness of his own breathing.
“It’s only Wednesday so I’ll probably see you before that.”
“You mean with someone you don’t like? Or in general?”
Every place they were in contact felt warmer than that simple touch should merit. Dean was pondering that as he stared up at his best friend and was caught off guard when Cas began to stir. Instead of slamming his own eyes shut again, Dean continued to watch as blue eyes blinked awake and Cas peered down at him.
Cas reaches for Dean’s wrist. “I believe I’m still in charge here. I command you to get out and walk around while I slide over.”
“I did,” Cas agrees. “My point is you’re nice to everyone.” And he is, whether it’s the maintenance guy in the building or the server at the coffee shop. Or Cas, for God’s sake. “Sometimes people don’t know what to do with that.”
“She may be small but that doesn’t mean she can’t put away a lot of pie.”
Balthazar takes him by the shoulder and turns him to a single canvas dominating the back wall. “This one is his most famous piece.”
All of these thoughts are swimming around in his head when he agrees to Charlie’s plan. With the excitement thrumming lightly under his skin, he decides to wait a few days before mentioning it to Chrysler, waiting until the date and time have been solidified and the actual flyers made up. That way the whole thing feels more organic. Like Dean has just caught sight of this info as opposed to, say, planning an entire community event to facilitate a personal meet up.
Sam trotted over to Dean, the bug cupped safely in his small hands. “Dean, will you make me a bug zoo?” He turned to Cas. “Dean is the best at building things.”
At home, Naomi—after asking a second time whether everyone was okay—insisted he leave his muddy clothes in the laundry room. He ran upstairs for his robe and towel, taking the time to place the marble carefully in the cradle of the half moon brass latch on his window.
Dean: These are working hours. Could we have a little decorum.
That’s enough to have Cas pulling out his phone again.
That sounds like a ghost with a goatee.
have planned for them tonight, but he turned his entire experience over to Cas the moment he chose not to follow his initial instructions. It wasn’t an orgasm he craved tonight anyhow, it was having Cas here to hold him together.
needs to change.
“Hard not to.”
“What?”
Jack nodded again. “I did grow up with cats.”
Lost in that exhausting thought, he almost didn’t notice Dean come inside, not until he called his name.
“Cas.”
“Yes, sir.” Dean offers a lazy salute.
“Gabe was eighteen when he died. I was seventeen and I had always looked up to him. When I think of an eighteen year old now, though…”
Dean rests a hand on his shoulder. “Really, though. Thank you.”
Dean does. He tells Billie how Bobby took them in when John died, how he kept Dean on track when he wanted nothing more than to be left to his own self-destructive devices. He tells her how jealous he was that Sam got to spend the night out there at Bobby’s house a lot of weekends when Dean had to stay behind and help his dad. He even laughs a little telling her about how Bobby dotes on Henry now, indulging him in ways he never would have done with Sam and Dean.
Sam makes air quotes, mouthing the word “song”.
that went through him as they locked eyes. “He kind of acted like we were a couple.”
He tells himself it’s what he deserves. It’s not lost on him that he very recently sat in the comfort of Cas’s living room, confessing how everyone leaves him, and now he’s ensured it by pushing Cas away in the cruelest of terms.
“Well,” Cas says, “that was unexpected.”
Cas holds up his hand for a high five. “Don’t listen to your Uncle Dean. He’s wrong about so many things.”
“One moment.” He opens the walk-in closet and comes back with a selection of his neckties.
“Thank you. And please, call me Mary,” she tells Eileen.
Cas crosses the room to embrace him. “Of course not.”
“Ha. Ha. Yeah okay, very funny. They’re actually pretty good.”
Like a cartoon, Cas literally choked on his beer. He scrambled to cough into his elbow as Dean jumped back from where he sat close to Cas on the couch. When he gathered enough oxygen into his lungs to speak, he stared at Dean. “Did you just...”
There’s a war happening inside Dean’s chest, with shame, guilt, and need all battling it out. Every choice seems wrong. “If you want.”
“C’mon, kid,” Dean urges him. “Take me back to the porch. My beer is getting warm.”
“Oh, don’t start that shit with me,” Dean says. He’d been forced to eat sour cream and onion potato chips three game nights in a row until he threatened to “accidentally” throw his dice into the pond outside of Charlie’s apartment complex.
I would but I wouldn’t have let my parents have so much influence on what I studied.
“Thanks, nerd. Hope the sunlight doesn’t burn your eyes,” Dean said, before the coach called the team to the bench.
Dean continues his passive-aggressive assault throughout the day with a series of stealth touches interspersed with a string of suggestive texts. By the time they all head out for dinner, he’s getting such a kick out of watching Cas faintly blanch each time his phone buzzes that he can’t resist taking a picture of his junk in the restaurant bathroom.  He waits until he’s back at the table to send it, hiding his grin behind a napkin when Cas glares at him as he takes his vibrating phone from his pocket.  Cas holds the phone below the surface of the table and Dean knows the exact moment the picture loads in because Cas’s knee jolts the underside of the table so hard that Anna’s soda sloshes over the edge of the cup.  As Anna mops up the spill, Dean just smiles and helps himself to another chicken wing, which he eats as sloppily as possible.
“Who’s to say what would’ve happened if the cops hadn’t shown up.” Dean straightens up, his knees creaking as he does. “You think we’ll be able to find the parts to repair her?”
Billie doesn’t appear to be dissuaded by his lack of response. “Sometimes fight or flight aren’t available options.” She gives Dean a moment to take that in. “If you can’t fight your way out of a situation or physically remove yourself from it, you may find yourself frozen in place no matter how much you don’t want to be there. Does that make sense?”
Back in their room, Cas is sitting up in bed reading. Maybe getting older sucks but the sight of Cas with his reading glasses on never fails to delight Dean. “Hey there, old man.”
“What do you mean when you say losing it? Can you be specific about what you felt?”
There’s a long pause and then: “I like him already.”
“Hey, Cas,” Charlie greets him. “I figured you weren’t coming in today.”
“Tell me what you want,” Cas says and that’s an easy one.
Dean stared at him. “You ok?”
>>Where did you get that picture of my cat?
“I can take it from here, boss.”
It only got worse when his brother added some kitchen towels adorned with a single rooster to the pile. “Subliminal message,” he said, with a wag of his eyebrows.
“Were you worried he might come back? That he might follow you?”
Back in the living room, they sit and Jody asks Dean to tell them everything. He does, starting at the beginning. How he thought it was one of them stopping to say hello but it turned out to be Alastair and Crowley instead, how Alastair made sure to let Dean know he had so much info about Henry. His voice starts to shake when he relates how Henry didn’t think twice about approaching the car when Alastair beckoned him over. They listen in silence and Dean’s ready to confess how he grabbed Henry to drag him away when Jody stops him.
“Tell her that if you want to take your life in your hands.”
and wrap an arm around Cas to keep him close. The blood in Cas’s veins felt carbonated, fizzing around, his entire being ticklish with glee. He grinned so broadly he had to stop kissing and when Dean saw that, his eyes lit up and he smiled back before moving in for another kiss. This time his tongue pressed for entrance and Cas opened his mouth, welcoming it. It wasn’t until he lifted a hand to cup Dean’s face that he realized he was still holding the phone and he dropped it without even looking to see where it landed. Dean kissed him hard, pressing against him, leaning into him until Cas lost his balance and tipped backwards, Dean sprawled out on top of him.
“True. But maybe it’s a sign that they’re on to him.”
Cas merely nods. “I can work with that.”
Something occurs to him then. “You believe me?”
Did you want to?
Henry smiles. His adult front teeth are starting to look less out of place, a recent growth spurt making everything seem more balanced. “Maybe you’ll like it.”
Dean sits on the bed while Cas buckles on the collar.  He stops to admire it, running his hands along Dean’s shoulders and down his arms.  Dean looks up at him through his lashes.   Cas laughs.
“Yeah. I miss the way you would always find excuses to walk past my desk.”
Dean doesn’t sleep well that night. He tosses and turns, unused to being alone, unused to being in his own bed. He’s let himself get too dependent on Cas, he realizes, to the point that his own apartment, his own blankets and pillows feel wrong. He’s relieved he didn’t tell Cas he missed him, not when Cas sure as fuck didn’t say it to him.
Setting down the plates, Cas tells him what’s what. “Brie en croute, which just means baked in a pastry. And a variety of things for eating it with.” He gestures to the crackers, apple and pear wedges, and red grapes that surround the brie. “And this is a selection of cured meats.”
“Are you?”
As tempting as it is to go back upstairs and check on Cas, Dean commits to giving him the time to rest. He cleans up the kitchen as quietly as he can and puts the television on softly so as not to disturb him. His focus wanders, though, unable to completely tamp down an icy shard of fear, and he finds himself only half-watching whatever’s on, listening for signs of life from upstairs.
“Dude.” Dean frowns at him like he hadn’t tried to make the same exact joke once upon a time. “There are ladies present.”
“Why do you think you decided that now was the time to identify him?”
The guy spins around to glare at him and Dean gestures to the cart. With a loud noise of disgust, the guy jerks the cart out of the way before wordlessly turning back to the display.
It was probably supposed to be an insult, but Dean found himself grinning broadly. “Yeah.”
“It was more...rushed.”
He winces. “That came out wrong. It’s that guy I told you about? The one who messaged me about the Drake shutting down. We’ve been talking a little bit about what, if anything we can do about it, and he was telling me the reason why the theater felt so special to him is one of the few memories he has of his mother is going there with her as a little boy.” He doesn’t tell her more, not about the specific movie or being lifted up to the water fountain under the mirror. They aren’t his memories and it doesn’t feel right to share them.
When his dad first took off, Dean wasn’t too concerned. John’s inconsistency had always been his sons’ constant. Given their history, he’d expected his father to magically reappear after a week or so--that’s how long these benders usually lasted. This time had felt different from the start, though, given that John had left his beloved Impala behind. But as the days turned into weeks and the weeks piled up, Dean became frantic. He made all the calls he could think of trying to determine if John was locked up or injured or worse, but there was nothing. He was just gone.
(See the end of the chapter for
don’t do anything.
yeah well he’s a pretty poor excuse for a dad in general
On Saturday afternoon, Dean goes to see his mother. She lives alone, has since Dean moved out a year after Sam left for college. He pulls up outside her small house, the Impala’s engine purring. She greets him with a hug, a bright smile, and the offer of a fresh cup of coffee.
Old mail and advertising flyers clutter the bristly doormat, and Dean kicks the papers to one side to pull open the tattered screen door. It nearly flies out of his hands, the damper clearly broken. As he tries to jam his key into the lock, the screen door slams back and hits him in the ass. He fights with the creaky lock, using increasing pressure until something gives and he’s able to turn the key. A wave of musty air hits him as soon as the door is opened. With any luck, he’ll die of black mold in his sleep tonight and this “adventure” will be over before it starts. Using his phone’s flashlight he searches the walls until he finds some switches and, holding his breath, tries one. Like a miracle, the front room is filled with light.
My point is i’m trying to do better at making actual friends. I think I need that in my life.
“What’s that?” Cas takes Dean’s chin in his hand so that he meets Cas’s eyes.
The driver raises his eyebrows.
“I’m sorry. I know you were looking forward to seeing him.”
“Meaning?”
“Do what exactly?”
Dean doesn’t have to be told that he’s nowhere near that point yet, but it motivates him to think about it as a possibility. And it reinforces his efforts to do what’s in his power to limit his backslides.
She turns on her heel and he finishes cleaning his hands, all the while trying to figure out what any of this means. Arming himself with a deep breath he heads toward the reception area. This is his garage now, he’s been making all of the decisions for over a year. His dad made his choices—leaving Dean behind, but also leaving him in charge. He steps through the doorway and there’s his father, standing in such a way that Dean can’t even see if Cas is still there. John Winchester looks the same. A little older, maybe. A little more grey in his hair, a little more grizzled. His face bears that same thundercloud of disapproval, though, the one that has had Dean springing to do whatever it took to make it go away since he was four years old. At the sight of him, all of Dean’s arguments and self-righteousness fade into nothing but static in his brain.
When his mother wants to know what that means, he tells her a barebones version of the way Lady Marmalade has made a habit of visiting his upstairs neighbor.
“Is that her?”
Dean grazes his teeth over the sensitive flesh until Cas does let out a whimper. “You started it,” Dean reminds him, pushing up onto all fours to grin wickedly down at him. That gets him a slap on the ass. Laughing, Dean strips off his boxers. “Do it again.”
Dean swirls his tongue and increases the pace and it’s not long before Cas tosses his head back and comes, teeth clenched with the effort of not driving into Dean’s mouth.  With no hands to help, Cas slips out of Dean’s mouth before he’s completely spent and Dean feels the warmth splatter on the side of his face.
“Plus, Sam would lose his place on the partner track because he'd spend way too much time suing the ladder company. Or the light bulb company. Or both.”
“What’s that?” Cas has a hand to his ear like he didn’t hear what Dean said and it’s so hokey that Dean has to bite back a smile. “Did you say sometimes you’re human? Because let me tell you I, for one, am
Dean’s not sure he knows how to do that, but he’s willing to try. “I’d be happy to.”
Dean shouldn’t find his husband’s quest for vengeance so hot, but here they are.
The Impala is parked very near where it had been that fateful May night and they lean against it, her hood still warm from the hours in the sun. The sounds of crickets and frogs and the occasional night bird fill the air and Cas’s shoulder is solidly up against his.
“Sorry we stuck you with old, uncool parents, kid,” Chuck said.
I know a lot of you have been waiting for Bobby to find out so I hope you're pleased with how this chapter went!
The more he and Jody discuss ways of bringing up charges against Alastair, the more it seems to hinge on having some sort of independent corroboration. Jody feels that finding someone,
“Oh yeah!” Dean led them to a tall white oak back where they’d first crossed into the woods. Its branches arched up and out, some shading the road and reaching toward the Novaks’ house directly across the street. “At our Fourth of July party, we were setting off fireworks and one went crazy and landed right here in this tree. It started to smoke, but my dad came over with some water and put it out. It’s hard to see, but there’s still a black mark there.” Dean pointed to the vee where the main trunk split into two divergent branches, then lifted up on his tiptoes to try and see where the errant projectile had landed.
Cas puts in a couple of hours unpacking and organizing, unsure whether he’s actually making any headway as the unpacked boxes still fill the space. The more he unpacks his fairly meager possessions, the more he becomes aware of what he doesn’t have. Gabe had taken him to Bed Bath and Beyond, revealing a
Cas nods.
Cas stands with his hands behind his back and waits for Dean to settle in.  “Tonight we’re going to try something a little different,” he says and that right there is enough to make Dean’s mouth water.
“I can’t help it. You’ve been gone three weeks.”
“Yeah, we’re fine, I swear.” They are doing much better and he’s able to say it convincingly. It makes the next lie easier to get out. “Just something he wanted to try so I’m supporting him.”
“I’m sorry.” He runs a hand through his hair, and Dean tries and fails not to be distracted by it. “This is all so new. I want to be sure I’m not making any mistakes.”
Cas cut him off. “She accused me of being in love with you.” He watched as Dean’s plush lips fell open in surprise. “And she was right.”
Too bad they aren’t thinking more about saving the Drake.
“What is it you do?”
Bobby nods, satisfied. “I’d let him stay too, then.”
Cas leaned in conspiratorially. “Well,
“Wait, were you--”
He tried to jerk away, but moving that quickly was a bad idea, and he had to let his head hang down to make things stop spinning. “Thought you were busy,” Cas said.
“No problem,” Dean says, trying to keep the surprise out of his voice.. “I can do that.”
He did not just wave at a goddamn cat.
Pretend none of this happened? Go back to being friends? Try again? Whatever the rest of that sentence was, Cas wasn’t prepared to hear it and, even as the questions begin to swirl in his mind, he’s proud of himself for setting that boundary.
“Fair point,” Cas concedes as they start to reposition chairs around the table. “You on the prowl again?”
He smiles at her, wondering if his freshly polished teeth glint like they do in a cartoon. “Thanks.”
Ellen and Bobby turn to each other in amazement. “So, you just let him do that?” Ellen finally says. “He just sits there all day?”
“I think so,” Dean says, watching closely. No more smoke is wafting from her tail, but the smell of burned fur is pungent. She seems supremely unconcerned, licking her chops as she finishes her latest treat.
Dean chews on the tie in frustration. If Cas wants to get wet, Dean’s got a perfectly good mouth. Plenty of times Cas has removed the gag midway through, why should this time be any different? He huffs out an indignant breath through his nose and twists the rope around his wrists hoping this show of disapproval will spur Cas to approach and correct him, maybe with a slap to his ass. Any sort of touch would be preferable to being left like this. But there’s nothing. Just the continued sound of Cas moving his hand slowly up and down. So Dean stills and redoubles his efforts to obey while he waits.
The casual, open look on his face tells Dean he hasn’t noticed that his patient is so close to losing his shit.
“Charlie was our neighbor! You’re proving my point, you dumb jock.”
He hated to do this to her when she was smiling widely at him, still holding on to his upper arms. “Uh, my dad just died. About a month ago.” Her face turned suddenly, as he knew it would.
Almost immediately Dean gets a video chat request from Cas. His first instinct is to slam the disregard button but Cas obviously knows he’s at his computer. Not like there’s any other place he could be. So he runs a hand through his hair and takes a deep breath before accepting the chat.
She snaps at him with the polishing rag. “Do that and you’ll curse the day you were born.”
Dean will never get used to the way Cas says these things without a bit of embarrassment. Like Dean is something special, someone in his league. “I was hoping to be on the receiving end,” he says, winking.
Of course, Dean thinks, and he slowly and reluctantly opens his hands.  Too slowly, apparently, because he feels the flick of Cas’s finger on the back of his thigh.  It doesn’t hurt, but it’s enough to jar him into action.  He rests his forehead on the comforter and clasps his wrist behind his back.  Once he does, Cas puts both hands on his ass, pulling it apart to drag a thumb over his hole.  Dean holds in a gasp as he hears the click of the lube bottle opening.  Where did that even come from?  Dean never heard the drawer open.  Did Cas have it in his pocket all along?  His train of thought comes to a screeching halt as Cas drizzles lube down the cleft of his ass, one finger following the cold liquid all the way down across his hole to the underside of his balls.   Torturously slowly, he drags his finger back up again, pressing ever so slightly at his entrance before gliding back up.  Slowly and methodically he runs his finger up and down, up and down, shortening the distance each time until he’s only running it over Dean’s hole, catching the rim each time.  Adding more lube, he works in slow circles, dipping in, then pulling back.  Dean presses his forehead into the bed, moaning.  The comforter is bunched up and he could grab it in his teeth to alleviate the burning frustration, a distraction from the ache building between his shoulders.   But he doesn’t.  Because if Cas thinks he can do this, then he can.  A shudder runs through him, but he stays still and Cas rewards him by resting a palm on the small of his back while he pushes one finger all the way inside.
“Where are you headed next? I told my mom you were here and she’ll kill us both if you don’t stop by the house before you leave town.”
Dean lifts his head a little from the pillow as Cas slides the collar under him, fastening it at the front, then sliding it around so that the buckle in in the back.
“Not on the leather seats,” he hisses, quickly freeing himself from the seatbelt. He loves this car, loves it more than many, many things, but right now he’s missing their big, comfortable bed. Thinking quickly, he opens the passenger door and climbs out, half dragging Cas over until he’s sitting with his feet on the cracked asphalt. Easing himself down, Dean kneels between Cas’s legs, a hand braced on either thigh as he sucks him off. His own jeans are still undone and he hopes the open door will shield him from view, but he stops caring when Cas begins to pant and writhe.
She tolerates a few pats at this point both because they’re pleasant and because she knows it lulls him into thinking he’s won a temporary respite. She lets him stroke her fur until his fingers falter and his eyes drift closed. Then she climbs onto his chest and flicks her tail in his face.
“Yes?”
“Yeah.” Dean’s too tired even to be snarky.
Frowning, he cleans it up then hurries back to check on her, but she’s again sleeping soundly. He pets her gently, maybe more for his own comfort than hers, but she immediately gets up and walks away from him, heading for the bedroom. Resigned to keeping an eye on her, he follows her. Not surprisingly, she’s retreated to under his bed, the way she does when she doesn’t want to be bothered. In his room, Cas tries to read, wondering when his concern will abate long enough for him to sleep. He’s considering turning off his light to attempt it when the sound begins. He hears retching from underneath the bed, a harsh sound that seems to go on forever, and he jumps out of bed to gather some cleaning supplies. By the time he gets back, waiting for her to finish so he can try to move her and clean things up, he hears a new sound, more like gagging. Suddenly terrified that she’s choking, he gets down on the floor to peer under the bed and is at least reassured that she’s breathing. Her mouth and throat are working, contracting almost violently, but there’s nothing more coming out. Alarmed, Cas reaches for her, but she retreats just out of reach.
“Let me pull up your repair history, ma’am.”
If Dean’s surprised at not being told to undress, he doesn’t show it. He stands and swiftly heads to the stairs. Cas waits until he’s out of sight before getting up to cross to the front door and dig through Dean’s bag. As he expected, he finds Dean’s lunch mostly untouched. Cas is back in his seat tapping away at his computer by the time Dean returns, now comfortably dressed.
“Anything else?”
“That’s best case scenario.” Charlie looked wistful. ”My parents have finally decided that this lesbian things isn’t just ‘a phase’.”
“Coming right up.” He looks over Cas’s shoulder. “Your table’s opening up. Go grab it and I’ll bring your tea over.”
“Touch yourself,” Cas says simply, and Dean can’t wait to comply. As the minutes have passed, he’s gotten more and more uncomfortable, waiting as patiently as he could for Cas to give him this permission. Nonetheless, he takes his time, running an open palm over his crotch while he lets his legs fall open. He moans softly at his own touch then slowly and deliberately unbuckles his belt. Cas’s attention is on him like a physical weight, the expectation heavy and heady until Dean frees his cock from the confines of his underwear and wraps his fingers around it.
Just then Chuck wandered in from the living room. “Dean Winchester! I remember you. Are those muffins?”
Cas squints a little. With his untamed hair, it makes him look a little bit like a disgruntled baby bird. Dean can’t believe he’s gone from being impressed by Cas’s lower body strength to considering him with the word
“I’m sure you aren’t insulting the very vehicle that is doing you a favor today.”
Over Cas’s protests that Lady Marmalade would be fine on her own overnight, they’ve hired Jack to come pet sit. When Cas came into the coffee shop yesterday, Dean immediately called him over.
“C’mon, Cas,” Dean urges him, unable to do much more. “Do it. Show me I’m yours.”
“Speaking of gags.” He starts to search through his phone.
“I will. Thanks again for understanding.”
Anna smiles at him. “I told you I’d check in later. This is later.”
He doesn’t answer right away and they sit there for a long while as he considers. He’s not sure he’s ready, but he doesn’t really have any good reason against it that he can articulate. He’s sort of curious about what she’ll do if he says no, if she’ll just sit there with her notepad in her lap watching him, but ultimately it’s the fact that she’s given him the option of saying no that allows him to say yes.
“He told you that?” Breaking that news was partially why he’d been putting off this call.
It was clear that their parents had discussed the issue, though, because when Cas reported the guidelines his mother had given him about when and where they could spend time together, Charlie got the identical guidelines the very next day. She looked absolutely delighted as she reported this while they sat on her front porch one afternoon.
Dean was in the fifth grade. His teacher was a nice woman, but Dean knew better than to let her get too close to him. Teachers were dangerous. They could take your secrets and ruin your life. His dad had always stressed to him that they would take Sammy away if they found out too much. But when he went back to school there was no disguising the bruising on his cheekbone or his split lip. Dean kept his head down, both literally and figuratively that day, but she kept him in after lunch when the rest of the class went to recess.
“Okay,” she says again. “Sometimes even good news can be hard to share, especially if it brings with it a lot of emotion.”
“What do you do for that?” Cas wracks his brain trying to figure out what she might have eaten.
All this time he’d thought it was more of a one way ticket. You feed, house, and deal with their shit and for what? Now he thinks he gets it, at least a little bit.
Dean stretches, aching in all the right places, and sits up. For now, he’s languid and satisfied, but he knows it won’t be long until the next wave hits. Thank his lucky stars, his mate is here.
“I don’t like the dentist as it is, but I was doing okay until the guy leaned over me and then it’s like I was paralyzed. I remember just staring at that light.” He blinks at her. “I guess I was disocciating but I didn’t realize it.”
“I’m so sorry,” he says again.
He calls Dean.
Dean does as he’s told, lifting his arms as Cas pulls off his t-shirt.
Dean thinks back to last night and the way he found to distract Cas from vacuuming the carpeted stairs for the second time in twelve hours.  He’s pretty sure he was an A+ bisexual then.  He brings himself back to the present as Anna tries a different tactic.
“Listen, it’s a good thing I don’t have kids because I would probably sacrifice them to appease whatever god allows me to have a good day of writing.” He hears the words he literally just spoke out loud to a relative stranger and, wincing, holds up his hands in a gesture of
Cas does. “It’s so soft.”
“I know better than to stop and correct you while I’m wearing the collar,”  Dean says.
Dean kisses him and settles in at the table. “Morning.”
Nothing can help and he’s never going to get better. That much is clear.
Cas comes back up with a glass of water and hands it to Dean along with two tablets. He sits on the edge of the bed as Dean swallows them. Dean wonders if Cas will make him stick out his tongue afterwards to prove that they’re gone.
There’s a softness on his face, though, a hesitation in his eyes that tells Dean he’s just as unsure of Dean’s feelings. Relief floods through him and what comes out next is, “Wow, Cas, just because I brought up the idea of us dating, you’re gonna make me admit it first?” Dean watches for a long moment as that sinks in.
not. Christ, Jack, stop looking at me like I just kicked a puppy. I promise you I’m not.”
Dean slumped in his seat. “No. Not anymore.”
Dean texts his brother.
They settle at her table and unwrap the food. Meg takes a big bite, sighing blissfully as she chews. Once she gets that out of the way, she regards him with a keen look. “Okay, so what’s the deal? You know I love you but I can probably count on two hands the number of times you’ve initiated us getting together in all the years I’ve known you.”
“Stop.” Dean does, freezing instantly. With a hand splayed to Dean’s chest, Cas pushes him back into position. “You’ll get soap in your eyes.”
Cas adds it to his mental list. Maybe Dean would like to try one of their lattes. Oh, and Charlie, of course. “It’s not a coffee shop. It’s more of a… public space.”
Even if the food were perfect, Dean’s too nervous to eat more than a few bites. According to the program, the nominees will be introduced and the winner announced right after dinner. Sure enough, while people are finishing their meals, the emcee strides up to the podium. She’s a well-coiffed woman who gives Dean unhappy thoughts of Cas’s mother and Dean feels his panic begin to rise. Cas takes his hand in both of his and squeezes it warmly until the nominees are called to the stage with a round of applause.
, and flips so that Dean is back on his own side of the bed. “Looks like I have to finish it, too.” Dean watches, a lazy hand on his own cock as Cas gets naked. A moment later, Cas pulls him close, strong hand kneading Dean’s ass as they lie on their sides, pressed together from shoulder to ankle. Their legs slot together, allowing them to get even closer. Dean loses himself in the taste of Cas’s mouth, in the heat of his bare skin, in the steady rhythm of his heart. Cas’s cock is leaking now, the wet tip leaving damp kisses along Dean’s hip before Cas works a hand between them. Dean hates having to pull back to give him room to maneuver, but it’s worth it once he gets them both in hand, long fingers wrapped around them expertly. The friction is heavenly and Dean has one hand in his husband’s messy hair and the other splayed over his lower back, feeling the flex and pull of his muscles as their hips find their rhythm.
Tell me not to kill this guy.
“Don’t say it.”
“Cas, please.” No matter how well he knew Dean, he’d never heard him like this: voice breathless with need, nearly pleading for Cas to touch him. Cas had to squeeze the base of his own cock to calm himself down before tasting Dean. He couldn't get enough, tongue lapping at the head, before swirling over the length of him, letting his lips slide languorously up and down as Dean filled his mouth. Dean was so responsive, gasping and panting, trying not to fuck into Cas’s mouth, hand threading through his hair. Cas didn’t want him holding back; he swallowed him down then pulled off and kissed the tip. “C’mon,” he said and Dean whined, arching up off the bed. It only took a few more thrusts of his hips before Dean was coming, calling Cas’s name as he did.
At that point she reached up both hands to gently shake him by the shoulders. “Get ahold of yourself.” She forced him to keep her gaze and walked him through some deep breathing. Only when he’d settled down did she say, “You really like him.”
“See ya in a few,” he says through a mouthful of muffin.
But Cas has his hand on Dean’s shoulder now and it feels like the only thing anchoring him to this plane of existence. “No, that was perfect. Really good. Let’s try again.”
“I mean, if you’re ok with it…”
t-shirt.”
Anybody seeing it would merely consider it to be an accessory, a fashion statement, if you will.”
He lay awake for a long time, tossing and turning, the couch narrow and uncomfortable. He wished he could talk to his mom, and he actually found himself letting out an audible snort at trying to explain this to her, but even if he could find the words that wouldn’t embarrass both of them, this wasn’t the sort of problem she could solve with a hot cup of tea or a batch of muffins. The hilarity drained out of him as fast as it had appeared, and a heavy sadness took its place, weighing him down. He missed his dad. It had been more than a month but he was hit anew with the realization that he would never talk to him again. He wiped an errant tear from his cheek, angry at feeling so sorry for himself when he’d at least had the chance to say goodbye. Whatever had happened with Mary, it seemed that she’d been ripped out of her sons’ lives. Cas couldn’t even fathom dealing with that sort of unexpected trauma.
They’re standing under a canopy adorned with greenery and candles and twinkling lights. The air is fresh and clean and frogs are calling somewhere in the distance. When it’s time for Sam and Eileen to recite their vows, Sam smoothly signing his as he speaks, Dean’s caught up by the emotion he sees on their faces. Eileen’s head is tipped back as she gazes up into Sam’s face, looking at him like not a single other person exists in the universe. For his part, Sam’s eyes never leave hers, and while his voice is shaking, his hands never do.
He decides to stay in his apartment today in order to keep an eye on her while he works. It’s a good idea for a couple of different reasons, really. While he enjoys being in the coffee shop and he knows it’s good for him to have that human contact, it’s not always the best formula for productivity, and his book is suffering as a result. Writers have all sorts of different processes, but he’s been cursed with one that requires a lot of sitting quietly immersed with his thoughts (or, more accurately, lying awake in endless, sleepless hours) letting it stew in his mind like so many ingredients tossed into a crockpot. It’s the only way he’s found to let his plot come together, playing out various vague scenarios until one rises from the mist as close to fully-formed as he’s going to get it. Only then can he find his way to the next section.
“Uh.” He thinks. Dean is certainly friendly with the people he comes into contact with. He’s seen him ruffle Charlie’s hair a few times and he’s quick to shake hands with the people he’s doing business with but… “No, not really.” Anna just leans her chin on her hand and stares at him. “What?”
“Yeah, well, maybe it’s working because I’m starting to think I should drop this whole thing.” It makes his stomach sink to even say the words. He knows everyone warned him that this could go nowhere, but it’s a crushing blow to think about letting Alastair off the hook. After today, though, he thinks he can live with it if it means he doesn’t have to worry about Henry every time he’s out of their sight.
“Don’t get smart with me, boy. I’m just saying it seemed like that town was growing on you.”
“Yeah, yeah, we’re fine,” Dean hurries to clarify. “Just a joke. A bad one, I guess.”
but he quickly squashes that, too. If he had Cas’s number he could text him to check in, he thinks, when Balthazar stops in mid-afternoon. No way in hell is Dean going to ask him if he’s heard from Cas.
“Uncle Dean let me choose the music today.”
“Hey,” she says, her eyes shining with kindness. He didn’t realize he was expecting a look of pity until he got this instead.
Sam turned his big hazel eyes to look at his brother, who looked at the ground before looking at Naomi. “She’s sick today,” Dean said slowly.
“Oh my God, Cas, who do you think I am? What I’m talking about is easy, I swear.” She pushes her long curly hair back behind her ear as she explains. “I saw an article about low-stakes friendships. It’s a way to feel more connected to your community by taking baby steps to engage with the people around you.”
“You didn’t have to do that, Cas.”
“No fucking way.” The heat in Sam’s voice pulls Dean out of his own head. “No. If doing this stops him from hurting even one other kid, then we have to do it.”
. So yeah, Dean gets that maybe Sam doesn’t have a ton of time to reply to his big brother in the middle of his important work day, but it seems like even his weekends have been busy. He used to find time to come out with Dean for burgers or drinks, but lately it seems his head has been elsewhere. Dean doesn’t want their mother to get upset, but he thinks this job is really taking a toll on Sam.
“No, but I’ll expect that going forward.” Cas takes a steadying breath and confesses. “I looked him right in the eye...and pushed the close door button.”
It’s with him all the time. Sometimes it’s pushed to a corner of his brain, allowing him to focus on other things for small bursts, but mostly it’s just under the surface, refusing to be ignored. It’s fucking exhausting to carry it around with him all the time. He’s always on edge, waiting for the panic to set in, waiting for some new, horrifying detail to emerge from the shitty slot machine that his psyche has become. He tries his stupid exercises but more often than not, he’s still teetering on the brink, hopeless and bone-weary.
Dean laughs outright and Cas has the decency to blush and snap his mouth closed.
What about you? Commit any crimes today? ;-)
Glancing over, Cas lifts his laptop so Dean can swing his feet up and into his lap in one smooth motion. After a few quick clicks to save his work, Cas closes the lid and leans forward to set the computer on the coffee table.
Dean swallows. “I can try those things. If you want the company, I think I could have a good time with you anywhere.”
With more dramatic effect than an entire class full of fifth graders, Dean flings himself down on the bed. “Fine. But don’t you dare take anything off. That’s my job.”
Cas works to make his face as neutral as possible. “You don’t say.” Cas picked up on it as soon as he joined the table; it’s exceedingly obvious.
Cas climbed back into his own bed and fell asleep with one arm dangling down over the edge.
“Oh, sure, like I wouldn’t be hearing about
So, how will I know you?
He’s made a mistake.
“Of course you are.” Naomi’s voice is no-nonsense as she pulls him into a hug. “Probably hungry, too.”
“I’m fine, Cas. I promise. You don’t need to baby me.”
Tonight, though, he just feels sad. Sad about Sam. Sad about his future always going in directions he can’t seem to control. He’s drunk and miserable, but while he felt pretty lonely sitting there on the curb, Cas is here now, driving him home. Ella didn’t rat him out and Cas didn’t come to arrest him. They’ve only known him for a couple of months but they both cared enough to make sure he was all right, cared more about him than he could bring himself to. Now there are tears in his eyes, blurring his vision as the realization of this kindness washes over him. He blinks hard and turns away, pretending to look out the window as he scrubs at his eyes with the cuff of his jacket. If Cas notices, he’s kind enough not to say anything and that’s enough to have one more tear streaking down his face. He presses his forehead against the cold glass and stays quiet for the rest of the ride.
“I’m…”
Charlie throws back her head and laughs. “If you ever want to compare coping mechanisms, let me know.”
Dean: Somebody’s gotta tell the new guy
She jumps.
“When Mom gets mad she stands on the couch to yell at him.” Henry scowls and moves his hands rapidly to make angry signs and Dean laughs.
“I know.” Dean takes Cas’s face in his hands and kisses him hard, just once. Cas sags against him, pulling him close and Dean hugs him, nuzzling at the soft skin below his ear. “You’re going to do great.”
As if she can read his mind, one of the mothers helping to move shelves strikes up a conversation. “You’re a children’s author, aren’t you, Castiel?”
Cas looked down in concern. "Is he ok?"
“Well, yes. I mean I said he could use it, too.”
“Fried chicken,” one of them says.
“Wait,” Dean says. “That’s the one with pickles. Trade.”
Dean gets why she’s asking. It’s not about doubting his story. It’s about getting the facts absolutely certain. “My brain blocked things out for a long time, but the memories are there.”
, a tiny voice in his head reminds him,
Well, Meg told him to engage with the community. With shaking hands, he makes an account. By the time he’s done that there’s another comment.
“Well, we did,” Dean points out. They haven’t gone to look at a house since the time Dean found himself unable to walk across the yard. “Look I know I freaked out at the last one, but,”—he swallows—“I know what that’s all about now. I’ll be fine.” He hasn’t told Cas about his memory, the way the ritual of the twenty-nine steps was so essential for him locking things down. No need to lay all of that on him. Besides, like Dean said to Billie, now that he’s made the connection, he’ll be going in with a better understanding. He’s bound not to react the same way.
“Dude,” Dean says, as they approach his car. “I can’t decide whether to be impressed or disturbed by this.”
“Glad I could help. You got it from here?”
“Okay. It sounds like you have a pretty good handle on recognizing the physical response.”
I'm doing my part to make these difficult days a little bit easier, so if you would like to send me a Porndemic Prompt, you can DM me
>>Can’t wait for this to show up in your next book
Once they’re both naked, Cas kneels between his legs and takes Dean’s cock into his mouth, lips and tongue working in practiced ways. He knows just how much Dean needs, how not to take things too far because Dean likes to come with Cas inside him. When he deems Dean ready, he props himself up on one arm, leaning over Dean’s chest to reach for the bedside table drawer. A moment later, he’s stretching back alongside him, using lube-slick fingers to open Dean up while Dean kisses whatever part of him he can reach… the edge of his sharp jaw, his upper arm. When Dean’s squirming under his touch, Cas kisses him again and lies back, stroking his own cock slowly, ready for Dean to crawl on top and sink down like he always does.
Dean looks delighted. “I’m picturing you insisting on wearing snow boots or some shit on the beach.”
Well. Cas is certainly getting the hang of things quickly.
“I’m just
At their front door, Cas stops, but Dean has already fished his keys out to unlock it, letting it slam open against the inside wall.  Inside, they take off their coats and shoes, the silence surrounding these mundane acts threatening to smother Cas.  He closes the door carefully and quietly behind them, stopping to take a deep breath.  By the time he turns around, Dean is already part-way up the stairs.
“I mean, I suppose we
Cas tries on and dismisses any number of outfits, each of them too formal or too casual. Maybe it was the years being forced to attend church, having to sit first in anguished confusion and later in silent seething rage as the priest preached about the evils of homosexuality, that makes him immediately itch when he puts on dress clothes. Finally he decides on a blue button down shirt with a pair of khakis, which he hopes conveys
Billie leans back against her chair, a smile playing around her mouth. “And how did that feel?”
John wouldn’t have tolerated having him sitting and writing in the waiting area. No doubt he would have complained about Cas getting a free ride, siphoning off their electricity or some shit, even though the guy hardly ever even plugs in his computer. He’s just there. A solid presence with his blue eyes that seem to bore directly into Dean’s soul and those tiny smiles he seems to save for Dean alone.
He’s bared as well as undressed, and he feels heat flushing his face and chest as Cas studies him.
He’s up early so, instead of spending more time replaying the conversation with Cas in his head, he calls his mom to see if he can come by before lunch. When he gets there, his mother greets him with a hug, reaching up to smooth his hair. “Hi, honey.”
Dean had clawed his way out of his own upbringing to get where he was, but the idea that he could fuck up a kid and put him through any semblance of what he’d been through was enough to swear him off it. They’d been sitting in Cas’s apartment at the time, beer bottles in front of them. Dean wore his dad’s old ring back in those days and he remembers twisting it on his finger as he tried to make himself clear. “I’m not cut out to be a parent,” he’d said. “I can still barely take care of myself. If that’s something you want… ” he’d trailed off, unable to even speak the words. Knowing Cas, loving him—it had lodged in his carefully guarded heart like nothing ever had and he was quite sure nothing ever would again.
He knows this type of communication can make it tricky to infer intent, so he decides to give Drake the benefit of the doubt and keep things light.
“I can take the train.”
“I’d just like to get you home safely.”
There’s no blaming it on cold air, not when Dean can feel the first sheen of sweat in the small of his back. “Want me to check?”
“Well,” Cas says, seeing that he’s wearing the collar and nothing else,  “here’s hoping the house doesn’t catch fire tonight.”
“Extremely brotherly,” Rowena says, thrusting the tub of dirty dishes at him.
Bobby helps him get the car down off the truck, the two of them working in near silence, the whine and roar of the tow truck enough to put a stop to conversation. Once she’s unloaded, Dean sucks in a breath and pulls off the cover. He can’t look at Bobby.
At Cas’s command, Dean scrambles up onto the bed and gets on his hands and knees. There's another long moment while Cas sighs. “This isn't even what I had planned,” he says almost sadly, “but I guess it's where we are.”
“Dean, you’re going to have to come over more often,” Cas said, around a mouthful of grilled cheese sandwich. “Usually it’s peanut butter and jelly…
True to his word, Dean knocks on Cas’s door right before two o’clock. Cas opens it to find him standing there, relaxed and comfortable, and he’s not sure he’ll ever get used to Dean Winchester actually seeking him out. “Ready?”
“Talk,” he says, surprised at how little time he needs to debate.
“What, like driving past the hospital where they were?”
Eileen gives Dean a smile and holds out her arms for Henry to come hug her. He gives her a quick squeeze and makes sure he’s facing her when he says and signs “See you tomorrow.” She lays her hand briefly on his cheek before he turns away again.
