, why weren't those records digitized?  ...how the hell can all the servers be dedicated to one fucking algorithm?  Who's in charge of IT? I've got a super soldier who's setting fires instead of studding whelps and-- hold on, I've got another call on line three--"
"We...met through SHIELD," he said.  He tried for a smile.  "Come on, Mr. Pierce, you're on the World Security Council.  I'm sure you know better than anyone how we met."
"Who did you spend time with?" Steve asked curiously.
It was like his brain had booted back up.
honest.  It exonerated Steve, at least.
"We've got pizza!" George announced as they stepped back inside and everyone began sharing boxes around.
"You're an Alpha, you should know what to do!" protested Pepper.
One of the agents began laughing.  The man nearest to him reached over and hit him, hard.
Tony wheezed softly, still clutching his chest.
"STARK!" he barked in his usual shout.  "Good to see you again! Good, you finally took that damned collar off, you looked like a fool!  Playing poker with us tonight? I'm a blackjack man myself! You ever play blackjack?"
But he knew Sam was Steve's friend and that Sam was also affiliated with SHIELD, so he ignored the prickling, even though of course every other Alpha and omega in the room could sense it.  Tony was glad that Fury and Dr. Brazinski were betas; there were far too many signals Alphas and omegas gave off that belied their inner feelings.  This was another reason Tony had traditionally dated betas; they were blind to all the tiny little subconscious cues Alphas and omegas could sense on each other.
Tony sighed softly.  What Steve was saying was true, but the guilt was eating him alive.  Steve had found a way to make the arc reactor beautiful, but that was, at least in part, because it was installed in a wall and surrounded by geometric pen marks, not embedded in a human chest and surrounded by scars.
"What was your mate's name?" asked Amber, gently.
They'd captured him, too.
"No," Steve breathed out a soft laugh. "Nothing like that. I assure you. I know someone else who went the same place as you, Tiberius Stone?"
"That doesn't mean I want all your staff to see me naked...and something tells me you don't want that either," Steve said, sounding thoroughly amused as the painting was thankfully abandoned for now.
Dinner was a calmer affair, everyone tired out from their snowball war before. Laura had made pizza dough so they could all make their own. Natasha's pizza had a terrifying amount of jalapenos on it and all Cooper wanted was pineapple. Steve settled for mushroom and red pepper, not wanting anything or sweet or for his mouth to be on fire.
"I've never dreamed before," he said.
In answer to his question, a furious female voice across the room suddenly yelled, "
" he yelled.  "
Steve seemed distant.
was exactly what came to mind. It was quiet and there was no one else here, no audience. No one had to pretend or hide anything. Cooper could be himself and be happy and didn't matter what his status would turn out to be. Steve almost envied them, having all this... but he also knew he couldn't do it. Steve grew up with the noise of a city; he couldn't imagine living without it. The quiet was serene right now but he couldn't handle weeks upon weeks of it.
"He went to get a shower.  I'm guarding his nest."
"I do love that song though," Steve grinned as he slid out from under the bed, offering Tony a hand as they both stood. It was a good thing Tony had so many staff, or else under the bed would have been dusty, but like the rest of the mansion, it was immaculate.  Their clothes were just a little crinkled, that was all.
"Wanna just sleep some more?" He asked with a yawn, stretching out his legs as the sound escaped from his lips.
"You okay there, Sam?" Rhodey asked; the guy was actually bending over, resting his hands on his knees. He was muttering to himself, perhaps even praying. Then he flipped Rhodey off, good-naturedly of course.
Steve knew Tony was still upset and he desperately wanted to make it better, but he didn't know how to do that. Aria had set up meetings with multiple lawyers for him to meet with over the next week for a certain project he was planning but now he had no buzz for it.
"Don't forget to finish your report!"
Steve took another sharp turn.
"Sir?"
Tony couldn't fucking believe it.  Steve would never demand a retreat.  It was unthinkable.  And there were members of their team who were injured, missing... was he supposed to just abandon them?
"Adamantium-steel alloy," she said.  "..better or worse than the vibranium one?"
The woman scoffed.  "I doubt it. I think they just make excuses for the failure up in Siberia."  She was younger; her earrings were dangly little lobsters that the men found silly.
"That's very mature, Harry," said Pepper, who had just gotten off the phone.
"Do you think we could get a take away through the angry mob?" Steve mused. "Because I really feel like pizza. And maybe a movie?" They still had a whole list of movies Steve apparently 'had' to see. If anything, the list just kept getting bigger, rather than going down.  "Also, hey, I'm not dumb. I can speak more languages than you," Steve pointed out and poked his side playfully.
He had a vivid, disjointed, slightly unsettling dream that he didn't quite remember when he woke up the next morning.  Sunlight was streaming through the high windows and the heavy white curtains. Steve was lying partially on top of him, his body heavy and warm, his breathing even; his penis was lying flaccid against Tony's thigh and one hand was curled over the arc reactor.  He was naked except for the collar.
"Great, actually," Steve said, speaking a little slowly out of carefulness. "Thanks."
"How do we know which guy has the thing?" whispered Tony.
"I see you came with your own gel," said Natasha, unwinding the wires for a couple of the electrodes that would go on his head.
"We should have taken two different elevators," said one of the guards mildly, though whether he was suggesting that for everyone's sanity or for comfort was unclear.  The elevator was tight. Also, it was on the outside of the building and glass, which gave them a nice view of the city... and the mass of people below.
"Something meaty.  And just a water please, thanks."
Tony looked up but his gaze was fixed on Steve.  "...where did Steve get that bagel? Do I get a bagel?"
Kerry was scribbling again, her handwriting nearly illegible because of the pace of it.  She held up the clipboard.
He was on his feet and he felt shaky and tired and awful.  But he was standing, at least.
Steve swam down to the bottom of the pool; he crossed his legs on the pool floor, back straight as he closed his eyes. Steve was holding his breath. He'd just passed the thirty second mark. He could do another minute-thirty if he put his mind to it. It felt good down here. Like his mind was finally
"Pepper can drive us.  Hey! Pepper, you can come with us after all!  We could have a threesome!"
The words went unsaid but they hung heavy in the air.
"Ah. That's fair enough," he hummed. "I just want you to know that I don't think any less of you, for seeing you like that."
There was a man in a suit, a man in a uniform, and three people wearing white lab coats.  They all stared at Steve with interest.  Steve stared back unwaveringly.
Jasper reached up to loosen his tie, studying their faces.  "Fine. I don't know where he is. I know where he
get to talk to them," Nine said.
Tony cut himself off and, with a shocking level of dexterity, jumped out of bed, shot toward the bathroom, and seconds later was vomiting violently into the toilet.
Tony let out a small noise of protest; Pepper ignored him, handing Steve a tablet and a couple of folders.
"...does my body choosing Bucky, does that mean I'm going to want Bucky during my next heat and not Tony, if it's about biology?" Steve asked quietly. Neither Clint nor Laura really seemed to know the answer.
"I tried that.  But all the information is all about Alphas."
codename, the Nut Cracker?  Jesus, give a dying man a break," huffed Tony, hunching up in his seat, loathing all of them.
"Oh my God. I look awful. I should shower."
would be doing this to me. I don't think anyone is. It feels like Bucky is highjacking our bond. Over a week ago I had a dream where he was int he garden but I woke up downstairs, by the very window and the flowers I'd moved were in different place! I don't even know if it was real or not."
"Gorgeous," pronounced Keisha, giving Steve's face a few final pats with a little powder brush.  She smiled at her work.
"Goose chase.  ...perhaps. But I'm not due for at least a month.  Can't we at least keep him until then? He's a valuable ass--"  Pietro caught himself, but Wanda had already heard what he was about to say.
He followed Steve out to the back deck, watching as Steve stripped and dove into the pool.  He grabbed the pamphlet on the way out to look it over, along with the bottle of vodka and the carton of orange juice.
"Omegas aren't useless," snapped Tony.  "Get with the times, haven't you read any of his damn press releases?"
He went to room 3 and tried to shoulder it open.  Unlike Steve, he found it difficult. He gave it a few more kicks; Vim hesitantly helped him kick it, even though she was barefoot, looking cautiously hopeful that they were truly being rescued.  Vigor hung back, clearly not willing to cause any trouble.
"...clearly not," agreed Tony.  He looked to Steve. "Where were you?  You ready? You look great. ...does this hat really make me look adorable?"  He reached over for Steve's hand and gave it a squeeze. Steve felt a bit bothered and Tony figured it was nerves.  But he considered talk shows easy. The audiences were small and you couldn't even see them because you were facing the stage lights and the glare made it impossible to see anything but your immediate surroundings.
"Oh my God. That was awesome!" Taylor shrieked and clung onto Steve's arm as they stepped down off the stage, her performance over for the night. She wasn't quite 21 so she wouldn't actually be drinking, considering there was newsagents around them, as well as cameras, but she was plenty giddy without alcohol. They were both a little breathless from the singing and the crowd were all over them.
Tony had the sudden realization that everyone was being a lot nicer toward him, or at least less hostile.  And he realized why. He had gone to Frond's stupid little lecture on discipline. She had humiliated Steve.  And then he had shown up at the dinner without his collar on.
As soon as Tony touched him Steve let out a quiet sound and then his breath hitched as his ass was spread apart and exposed. And then the wet touch of tongue followed and Steve did whine, loudly, the noise only slightly muffled by the sheets. He let out a soft huff of air and fought the urge to push back into it, to wiggle. No. Steve would be good for Tony.
want to do this. Not to pressure you. I want SHIELD to take us seriously and stop trying to undermine us at every step we take.  I want people to know that I'm committed to you."
"Kerry, you should follow up with Turner's school and see if you can get a scenting with the omegas... see what the arrangements look like," said Brent.  "Be one of their
hurt, like someone was hitting him in the stomach.
"  Tony pointed to the model.  "Look!"  Excitement was creeping into his voice.  "Look, look at the sculpture in the middle... look, see, it's an atom, see how the little electrons... see... it's your shield, Steve, look.  The building.  I threw the building, and it went into orbit.  It was spinning.  Look.  The
He'd tried to read the box to distract himself but had given up.  It promised accurate results
He admittedly enjoyed sex more than he thought he would. Maybe that was a credit to Tony, or to sex in general. Omegas weren't really supposed to enjoy sex in the forties (or anything really.) They were just supposed to appease their Alpha and make babies, and frankly beta women sometimes didn't get treated much better.
"Steve... Steve, wake up," said Tony, giving him a shake.
Well, Tony could admit one thing.  Heats were certainly a bonding experience.  This was about as intimate as you could get with another human being.  They were slobbery, sweating, gasping, sexual biological messes.
"I'm so sorry," he mumbled into Steve.  It occurred to him, distantly, that he had probably apologized more times to Steve in a year than he had to Pepper in a decade.  His relationship with Steve was special like that.
Steve loved riding a bike. He loved the power between his thighs and the speed. He was, undeniably, an adrenaline junkie. He felt free like this, even with Tony's arms around him. He felt better.  Some days Steve was often tempted to just...ride. Ride as far as he could go and never turn back. But now he had a real reason to stay.
Rhodey ground his teeth.  "If you want to walk out here with me, and then change your mind and go back to him, I can't stop you.  But you'll just end back up here again. He doesn't want you." It was a harsh truth but a truth nonetheless; Gideon had severed the bond.
Tony looked at Steve fondly, remembering how he'd slammed Happy to the ground the first time they'd met.  "...I sure do," he agreed.  He gave his head a little shake to clear it.  "...feisty and inexplicably socially conscious.  Which brings us back to your charity idea.  Yeah, I say, go for it.  Rogers's School for Wayward Omegas.  Or whatever.  It'll make you look good, and like I said, tax breaks like crazy if you're heading one of those foundations.  Just don't do anything with reproductive rights.  If you start passing out birth control and suppressants, you'll make a lot of enemies.  People aren't ready for that.  Focus on education or something.  No one can really be against education, right?"
Once they were back in the hotel room Steve spotted his sketchpad at the bottom of the suitcase, admittedly thrown in as an after thought. He glanced up at Tony and could already see the gears turning in his head. "You mind if I draw you while we... 'watch TV'?" He asked.
"Maybe step a little lighter?"
The door opened and a doctor walked in; Banksy flung himself over.  "
Death was staring at his chest and babbling about him bleeding.  He looked down.  It had been a while and it was starting to heal.  The burns were taking longer than he'd expected, but most of the nicks his body had gotten in the initial attack were scabbed over.  His arc reactor glowed on.  He was a little surprised his arc reactor was still in his chest.  Was it going to come with him in death?
"Don't you?" It was Stone's turn to frown. "Because if it does,
"I'm sure it'll be fine.  Thanks, Ty," said Tony.
cheap! But feel free to say hi to Rex and me, we don't bite, I promise... thanks for coming by!"
"SHOOT THE SOLDIER, IDIOT!  SHOOT HIM!" yelled the man grappling with Carter.
"This is why you didn't want to talk about him; he was the guy on your fridge, right?"
," he said simply, reaching down to make a snowball. "And I'm gonna kick your ass."
Steve frowned. "It's not- I would-"
"Yay!" said Lila, tickled with the idea of being launched into space.
The media cameras flashed as their car passed but with tinted windows they would get nothing.
He went back to fishing for his olive, which was scuttling around the bottom of the glass, unwilling to be captured.
"Food has been prepared for you downstairs."
She came running.  Tony had changed; it was a black-tie affair and he always kept a few tuxedos in the jet.
Tony stared at him.  He couldn't quite believe he was being bossed around by an omega, or that Captain America had risen from the dead and was moonlighting as his PA.
That was the thing. Steve didn't think. He just walked.  He took the steps down and then headed out to the entrance of the hotel. A woman at the desk called to him but he ignored her. Maybe it wouldn't bother Steve so much if Tony'd actually moved on from Pepper, but Steve knew he hadn't - or wouldn't. And that reaction in the hotel room proved it.
"I'm only handsome thanks to science," Steve pointed and Brooke laughed at that, like it was funny when it was actually just... true.
An agent appeared suddenly through the smoke, right in front of his face; Steve headbutted him
Tony nodded slowly, wearily.  He glanced up at the heart monitor, then at Steve, then reached out and set his hand on the bed, an offer but not a demand.
"...er, Sir? I mean, Captain? Are you okay?"
"It gets scarier," said Tony.  "It's about what you don't see, Steve.  My favorite kind of horror is psychological... because what you can think up in your own brain is always worse than whatever stupid monster they show you.  Trust me, the end is great.  A lot of people shit all over this movie but when it came out in 1999, it was, like, a really big deal.  Also, just wait 'till the part where the guy goes missing..."
"You're live, sir," reported JARVIS.
Tony looked away.  "It's fine, Steve.  I just... y'know, I missed you.  But we don't have to do anything until you're ready.  I've got two very handy hands and some killer high-speed internet, y'know? I'm sorry, it's just... you know you look hot, right?  ...and the way you arch into my hand when I pet you... I missed that, Steve." Tony smiled a little and got up to walk over to the side of the pool and run his hand through Steve's hair again.  "...I'm just glad... I'm glad at least part of my mark's still there. Like, I have a partial claim to you, y'know... like... like at least your body
"--and this is Joan, one of our legal consultants-- we have a sort of impromptu office in this tent-- they're working right up to the cuff, but we're ready to serve the warrant and get in there-- everyone's getting a camera to document what we see-- this is Bo, he's on our press release team, he'll be controlling the media; we do expect a big break so he and Larry will have their hands full with beating back the reporters while we try to get this thing sorted out."
When the waiter brought Tony's third drink Steve took it off the table and downed it in one.
Tony trailed off.  It sounded so sad, so woefully inadequate.  Being around Steve had given Tony a window into a world he'd never thought of, one where omegas lived with the constant awareness that they were second-class citizens.  Jarvis had been one of the "lucky" ones; being Howard Stark's butler had protected him from the worst of it.  But still, now that Tony knew what he knew, he realized Jarvis probably got treated like crap a lot, ordered around and molested and dismissed by Howard's Alpha business partners.  The thought turned Tony's stomach.
"No, he's fine," barked Karpov.  "вставай, солдат!"
More heavy murmuring.  Tony knew when things were going south; mob mentality was going to take over at any moment and it was going to get crusty.  He edged back, grabbing Steve's elbow. "Time to go," he murmured out of the corner of his mouth.
He remembered the Winter Soldier, how he'd murmured an apology to Steve before shooting him.  A tiny shiver ran through him that he quickly suppressed.
He spat a few more times before reaching over to tuck Steve back into his pants, zip him back up, and then curl up against him, his head under Steve's arm, staring up at the sky with him.
Tony and Sam pressed against the wall.  Sam reached over and waved a hand in front of Tony's face to get his attention, pointed to the guards, and then held up three fingers.  Then two. Then one.
She shrugged with a helpless grin.  "He's my childhood hero."
other people's mates; what would we do with them?"
"Yup.  And you can come with me and meet him and ask him yourself if you don't believe me."
I mean, personal
Tony was still asleep, splayed on his back with an arm slung over his chest, the arc reactor peeking out.  His mouth was hanging open inelegantly and he was snoring slightly. The sheets had long since been kicked off and Tony was sporting a partial erection, though the knot wasn't especially visible yet; only a hint of its outline was present.  Tiberius was pointedly keeping his eyes on Steve's instead of looking down.
Tony stared at Steve, then glanced up at Rhodey.
The scientists on the floor didn't blink, their eyes glassy.
Steve breathed out slowly. He didn't know why it annoyed him so much that--
of it, it had slowed.  His thoughts were surprisingly calm.
safety!  You don't think you owe the public anything?  Then back the hell out of this omega rights thing you're involved in, because that's a
"Is that your main regret?  That your actions affected others?  Because they certainly affected you as well."  It was unclear if she meant Steve being in trouble with SHIELD or if she was referring to the bite on his neck.  Because she was an Alpha, there was no doubt in Steve's mind that she could smell the fresh mark. Of course, even if she were a beta, Steve's records had probably already been shared with her.  She likely knew more about Steve's condition than he did.
Are you seriously not hearing me?”
Tony had learned that the only real way to handle a panic attack was to ride it out.  This was something Pepper was great at.  She never crowded him; she hovered by and usually chanted a mantra Tony found easy to follow.
"I'll get it," said Phil, rising.  He scooted past one of the maids, moving aside a couple of potted orchids, and went to open the door.  Outside it was a gorgeous day, bright and sunny and mild, with little wind. A Benz had pulled up to the drive and a man was getting out.  He held up a hand in greeting and Phil did the same.
Steve didn't think now was a good to time to break it to Cooper that he was technically never a captain and it was just a name and that there
"I'm an Alpha and they're trying to hide how aroused I am," protested Tony.
"I don't like dancing," Steve said, the words spilling out of him automatically as images flashed through his mind. Images of Bucky dancing and laughing with girls whilst he made Steve sick in the corner of watch. It was like he enjoyed making his omega squirm, feel humiliated. Steve hated those dates the worst. Buck always laughed and smiled so much when he danced, looked so handsome. He never looked that happy with Steve.
Bucky ripped off his shirt and held the flame up to it.
Up close, Steve saw that they had on collars, but the collars weren't flat and wide like everyone else's; they were plain chains.  They might have been mistaken for short necklaces. Each of them had a tag with a number.
"Captain Rogers, we haven't formally met yet. My name is Alexander Pierce. I hope you've heard about me from SHIELD," he greeted him and held out a hand. He was a bonded Alpha of medium dominance. Steve knew his name too; he was someone Fury actually answered to occasionally. Steve took the offered hand and shook it firmly.
Steve trembled and shook under Tony's tongue. He whined in both relief and frustration as his mouth traversed over Steve's prick and then back down to his hole. He was practically quaking with pleasure, blue eyes glazed over and unseeing as he tilted his head back in his effort to push himself up into Tony's touch. He was teetering on the edge. But it was Tony's voice that tipped him over it.
?  I feel like I'm bonded to a rhino.  ...Steve.  Steve, I'm sorry, I don't know how to tell you this, but there aren't many rhinos left anymore.  I hope you don't like rhinos 'cause they're almost endangered.  I mean almost extinct.  Like the dodo."  He practically fell into the passenger's seat with a sigh of contentment, looking over at Steve.  "Steve.  I love you, omega," he said drowsily, giving Steve a grin.  Steve had already begun to notice that the smiles Tony offered Steve were different than the smirks he offered the press and general public.
"I said
for Steve in the next week and another news outlet wanted a joint interview with Tony about both their experiences. The work they had to do on Project 84 now that the raid itself was over was only going to get busier, especially with the legal battle ahead of them. That night they ordered in take-away, insisting that Donner choose the cuisine (he eventually just went with pizza). They wanted to get him used to making choices, even if it was only small ones.
"It's not," Steve assured him and moved to sit down tentatively on the bench next to him. "Look. I'm sorry but I'm going to blunt here. I was wondering if I could talk to you about conversion camps. I'm kind of looking into them at the moment."
"Not that, no-"
. It had bothered him once, maybe, but he was beyond numb to that now. Ever since Steve had watched Bucky fall from that train to his supposed death... killing had been easier. In a way, a piece of Steve had died with him that day.  The piece of Steve that was innocent.  That thought wars could be won without getting your hands dirty.
Steve threw a dressing gown at Tony to put whilst he quickly moved to get clothes on himself. Just some gym shorts and a tee, but he didn't really want Donner to see him naked. It would only make the omega more uncomfortable (if that were possible). He sighed and ran a hand over his hair, moving over to the mirror to flatten down his bed hair just to give himself something to do.
"Good," echoed Tony breathlessly as Steve worked the knot.  "So good... good omega... my omega... my good boy..." He moaned as Steve finally pushed down over the widest part of the knot, legs trembling, and raked a hand down Steve's back.  Steve's erection was weeping with precum and Tony, who couldn't say he'd ever been especially turned on by the sight of another man's penis, found it deeply erotic, found himself fighting the urge to grab Steve and jack him off.  He wanted to, but there was something about their current power dynamic, denying Steve, that was really getting him off. And he had a suspicion that Steve was getting off on it, too, on
"Tony. Tony... hey. Hey. Come on." Steve reached for Tony's arm, pulling him close before he could slip back into the crowd, clearly on a mission. He wasn't entirely sure where he'd put his own drink down. Maybe he'd drunk it already, who knew? He lifted a hand to cup Tony's cheek, trying to keep his mate's gaze on his face. "Fighting Pitbull won't make you any more or less of
"...aren't you going to ask about whether or not the collar rumors are true?" asked Tony after a moment.
"Ah," repeated Tony, mouth open.
"Ice cream."
Rhodey raised a palm.  "...shut it down, Tony."
He didn't believe in an afterlife, but he was pretty sure he was dead.  In addition to the fact that he appeared to be Nowhere, there was also the fact that here, in front of him, was what could only be the angel of death.  He had blond hair and sharp, piercing eyes; his naked body was sculpted and covered in blood.  He was standing before him, fists clenched, jaw fixed, looking like some sort of incredible propaganda poster.  No wings, but he wouldn't have been at all surprised if he'd suddenly unfurled a pair from his shoulder blades, because he looked exactly like an angel, like the kind he'd never believed in.
"Oh my God, shut
Then he stopped. He saw Donner straightening up and the seven other kids began to walk after the others. And Steve wanted to know what he
This is kind of a long chapter.  Tony's subconscious is a mess and so is this chapter.  We make no apologies.
Phil frowned but the doctor was already pushing him out the door. Brennan let out a tired sigh as she finally slammed the door shut behind them. "Please-- Steve-- sit down. Jesus Christ. Those people are
Someone put a hand on his shoulder. Steve flinched. He didn't like people touching without asking.
"I can't believe you're actually gonna name her Granite," said Tony.  "That's not even a name."
Tony inched over, practically into Steve's lap, resisting the urge to lie down on him, cover him.  He reached out and took another sandwich, and offered it to Steve. He didn't say what he was thinking: that death broke bonds.  That he could kill Bucky and then that would be that.
Tony cringed, hating the idea of Steve being uncomfortable.  "Well, fix it, tell her... tell her I misspoke, tell her I meant something else."
done pumping seed into Steve before he began feeling bad.
"Stark's been on probation for nearly three months.  Unlike you. Stark didn't steal a jet or beat up Sitwell, either.  Unlike you. Stark's biggest crime is being an asshole who got involved with this hot mess, and considering he's got more issues than a newstand, I can't say I blame him for that."
"Only really in bed," Steve answered without thinking.
"Love you," echoed Tony.  With Vanko dead, there couldn't be any more threats, right?  No one else knew how to make an arc reactor.  That knowledge belonged to Tony and to Tony alone.  He doubted Vanko was stupid enough to hand over the plans to Hammer Industries, but made a note to hack into their systems as soon as possible that the knowledge had died with Vanko.
He got home around nine to find Aria sitting at the breakfast bar in the kitchen. She was nibbling on a bagel and reading the news on her tablet. "Hey, been running?" she asked with a bright smile.
"The witch was the protagonist," said Donner a bit defensively.
his father.  Even though, biologically, Tony was old enough to be his.  And mentally? Emotionally? Well, both of them were a mess. Tony was sort of hoping they could just take it easy and focus on repairing their fractured relationship and public image, but based on Steve's question about the camps, he wasn't going to be so lucky.  Steve was probably already planning his next stunt.
"Steve?  Steve, are you okay?"
"Do you...do you really think I'm worth all this trouble? How can I fight an enemy whose constantly undermining me everywhere I go?" Steve murmured and picked at the sandwich some more.
. SHIELD's far from perfect, but they're just...shady, if you like. HYDRA's something else; they're just plain evil. SHIELD helps get rid of HYDRA. It's not really a contest...I mean, we won't always be doing
The bite mark on the back of his neck was evidently fresh but Josephine, his masseuse, was far too professional to comment on it. In fact, Steve was about 99% she had zero idea who either of them even were. It was refreshing, actually.
, then you could get us kicked out of this conference.  So... your call."
"...'mega..." he gasped softly, unable to formulate any other thoughts.  The only mantra was pounding through his head again:
"I would advise against it, sir."
"Omegas come in all shapes and sizes," said Aria defensively.
Of course, he understood, even as he whined, that it wasn't really a "favor" and Fury wasn't really "asking."  Iron Man didn't get "asked."  He got burdened.  And Tony knew that despite his protests, he and Steve weren't going to be going back to the hotel that evening; he, like Steve, had something he prove, and he, like Steve, wouldn't have been able to say no to Fury's favor even if he'd thought Fury would accept no for an answer.
"Yeah," agreed Tony quietly.  "Sleep." He folded his arms over his chest, his chin down, listening to the steady beeping of Steve's heart monitor.  This was probably the most the two of them had ever talked about these serious issues: Tony's trauma, Steve's ex-mate, and Howard, the line that connected the two of them.
"Eric," he breathed, voice soft like velvet. "Good to see you. And Piper too, looking wonderful as always."
A lot of people were still looking at him. Were they supposed to approach him or was he supposed to approach them? God, Steve hated this.  He was a soldier, not a celebrity.
"Thanks, Nat," Steve breathed, tucking the money away into his jacket. He smiled a little sadly. "I know I can.  I just-- I just panicked. I made a split-second decision. But I got Bucky help. I kept Tony safe. That was the most important thing.  I just... I guess I just got angry at Tony too. I keep doing that."
," he murmured lustfully.  Steve's eyes darted up, meeting Tony's, and there was a look of defiance in them.
"Also, I need a drink," mumbled Tony, hovering beside the suit, still unable to leave.
. And that, that's a hell of a lot more important."
Captain Ameri-- don't you scoff, Scott, my dad built him, I oughta know, this is it, the real one!  ...Steve, these kids are really cool, Paul here wants to be an astronaut-- wait, your name's not Paul?  --no, don't tell me, I don't care, I won't remember it anyway, you're Paul now." Tony slung an arm around Steve's shoulders, using him for support.  "I'm kinda drunk. Hi. You're going viral, I just checked on my phone, I set up a hot-spot. The kids--
, agent, so you better be kind to him," Aria said, her voice trembling a little. She shot Pepper a grateful look.
They’d only just returned to the party before Steve was being dragged off to the stage; Tony scanned the crowd for Rhodey, wanting to make fun of him.  He spotted Pepper and Happy in a corner, talking and laughing. He frowned and made his way toward them but was almost immediately stopped by a reporter.
The amount of blood they took made him feel woozy. Steve knew that if, by some miracle, he did escape that he would have to eliminate those samples. He'd been an idiot. He'd let them take his blood; who knew what they'd be able to do with it. How could he do this to his country? He was so fucking selfish.
he recited quietly.  That, at least, was a reference Steve could get.
They took the blood first, and then Clint helped Steve walk to the bathroom so he could pee and they could collect a sample.
Both of them laughed.  Neither one pointed out how precious an hour was, since they didn't know how much time Peggy had left.
"Tell me what else you missed," Steve whispered, his breath tickling against Tony's cheek.
"Natasha and Clint are really weird," blurted Tony without thinking.  He wasn't being rude; they were, hands-down, the weirdest pair-bond he'd ever met.
.  I could've ended up..."
Steve smiled faintly and it didn't quite meet his eyes but he did
"I still haven't thanked you properly for that," Steve breathed.
"Let's stick around for the countdown," said Tony, smiling.  He checked his watch. "Which is in two minutes, by the way."
JARVIS placed the call; Fury's voice filled Tony's garage.
"We improved it," Karpov replied dismissively.  "Soldier. Sit."
Steve was his.  Steve was telling the truth, about being bonded, and while he didn't really understand how they'd gotten to this particular point in time (why was Steve in a cell like a criminal and since when he had looked like
"Okay.  We'll call you Doug, then," said Tony firmly.  He looked up at Steve. Steve looked concerned.
"DUMM-E, get over here, this part needs support.... bolt a cable to the ceiling here....hurry up, hurry up, I need to connect the positron line... Steve, grab the heat sink... Steve,
"Wanna put some music on? Calm your nerves?" Steve offered softly as he pulled out onto the street.
"I know.  It was super fucked up," said Tony softly.  "And I felt like such an ass, just because I'm... one of them.  An Alpha, I mean. Steve, I never thought of omegas as lesser people but... I never really thought about them at all.  I ordered around omegas all the time, it was totally normal. Jarvis, you know, I ordered him around all the time. He called me
"Hey. Do you..." the guard stopped a little way past him, putting an arm on his colleague to make him stop too. Both Alphas, Steve noted. "Do you smell something?"
She got up to gather up the two pieces of the box and dispose of them.  When she returned, her mug and teabag had disappeared, buried under a pair of hand towels on the outer edge of Phil's nest.
The crowd went absolutely nuts.
"Don't be.  I ended up in a good place," said Phil.  He shoved an empty ice cup out of the nest insistently, and Pepper got up to refill it for him.
"...James.  Stop looking at the sign," called Pietro.
"I know it's hard for Alphas to... not feel in charge," said Clint slowly.  "It's your body and your choice, so if you want to get a vasectomy, go ahead.  But if Steve wants kids, he shouldn't be denied that, either. How okay are you with a donor or a surrogate mom?"
"Your sense of humour really is quite something," Steve sighed softly, relaxing now Tony was still and not trying to pull out. He pulled a hand back to run through Tony's hair, moving it out of his eyes. His Alpha looked so forlorn- wait.
Bonus: this all-night, body-to-body contact ensured that Tony's smell would linger on Steve, further marking him, claiming him, keeping him safe from--
"Hi.  ...are you cold?  Why don't you grab an Americano to warm up?"
Piper's eyes were watering with gratitude, but she didn't get anything else out; Eric turned, realized she'd wandered a little far, and spotted her and Steve.
Natasha looked unconvinced.
in there?"
This conversation wasn't helping Tony's stomach at all.  He stood straight and walked out without another word. Inside, people were still milling, and across the room, he could see Steve, a head taller than everyone else, sitting on the floor among a bunch of omegas in white, having a little pow-wow.
DeSoto quickly stuck his fingers in his ears and turned away.
"I have seventy years of backpay from the US government and they keep sendin' me Social Security checks," Steve protested, and moved to steal another pancake after he'd finished devouring his apple. Forty-two thousand barely touched the surface of Tony's fortune, which is why Steve wasn't fighting him harder. Besides, he had to be careful about his own personal finances; Aria had warned him that his little future venture that he was planning could potentially clear him out. But Steve was okay with that.
"Do I
"I'm not saying it will
"Yes, sir."  A long pause.  "Am
"--which is why I recommend a simpler approach.  Once dominance is established, less is more; severe discipline will generally undermine your own security.  Besides which, it loses efficacy over time. Think of it as a painkiller. To be used when necessary, but only then.  If you find yourself having to punish an omega more often than you're rewarding them, you've clearly got a discipline problem, and you can hardly blame the omega for that.  That's on you. You're the Alpha, you're in charge," Frond was saying calmly from the front of the room.
Tony pressed in, gritting his teeth a little.  Steve's body was tense under him.
Steve could appreciate the situation Natasha was in.  She wasn't a snitch; she probably trusted SHIELD less than Steve did.  But there was no denying that Steve was now a liability.  Being mentally connected to the Winter Soldier was probably about the worst person in the world he could be linked to.
Tony stood on the patio, leaning his forearms on the railing, staring out into the bright, clear day.  The hotel was built on a slope; the lower lobby therefore was still able to have an overhang, on the back of the hotel.  There was a sweeping view of a rolling field of grass and wildflowers.  An annoying metaphorical scene of freedom.
Gail recovered from the shock and leaned into the microphone with a smile.  "Well, ladies and gentlemen, good news! We weeded out the bad ones for you already, so all the rest up here are
!"  Tony looked up in exasperation at Steve's blank expression.  "It's the blank box over there with a lines it in that looks like a drying rack.  And grab my level while you're over there, too.  I need this pipe to be level, I'm nearly-- CLINT!  I NEED AN ESPRESSO!"
Alpha," said Tony, unable to keep the snarl from his voice.  His dander spiked. "Fortunately, it turns out the
"Donner!"
Tony snorted a little when Steve said "cardio."  Tony's heart was literally broken, jagged spikes of metal wedged into it, dangling threateningly centimeters away from the valves and arteries.  On an X-ray, Tony's heart resembled a hedgehog.  His sternum had nearly been completely obliterated by the blast that had ruined his heart, and the pieces had been pulled out to make room for the cylinder and base plate that held the arc reactor.  He could just imagine them trying to hook him up to a bunch of electrodes; the energy output of the reactor would probably scramble all their equipment, if not fry it into oblivion.
"...do... do you know how to tie a bowtie?" asked Tony as they ducked into a private bathroom.  Everything was white ceramic and gold gilding and Tony's voice sounded hollow and echo-y to him.  He couldn't help but laugh at the inappropriateness of the question, given the circumstances.
"Hey!  You coming in?"
"Ah... Alpha." Steve trembled, slumping down on the sheets. "Mhm. Thank you..."
"...Tony.  I know you can hear me.  This isn't the Tony Stark I know.  The Tony Stark I know never gives up and never sits around pitying himself like this.  Tony, Natasha told me what happened.  I don't know all the details, but I know this.  You mated Steve, and you two are scent-mates, and you love him, and you were the happiest I've ever heard you when you called and told me about it."
"Hey," he breathed softly. "You okay?"
George was tipsy, his head leant against the window. Steve sighed. They hadn't managed to say goodbye to Banksy; the guy had been impossible to find.
The Alpha was evidently somewhat pleased at the thought of fucking Steve- but then seriously, who wouldn't at least he, a little bit? Steve was, after all, a perfect human specimen.
"Your brother's drinks nearly killed me." Tectonic laughed but Steve was only half-joking.
Steve-- and blew up the car right there in the parking lot.  You know Dad. He loved big, flashy displays like that. He blew that car up and he said, you know, you could send a harmless drone into a warzone and it'd come out with a payload.  That there was no such thing as a truly harmless invention because you could weaponize basically anything. Damn. My old man, he knew how to drive a point home. Ha! Drive! It's a pun.  Anyways." Tony lapsed back into silence, staring at the stones.
"They're gonna
. And he was in preheat. This was not good.
"C'mon... let's get cleaned up... pick me out a suit and some shades, will you?  ...ow... fuck... c'mon, let's get to it." Tony gave Steve's ass an encouraging pat, then added, "if you want to," because he didn't want to sound like he was bossing Steve around.  Even though he kind of was, and he knew Steve would probably do it anyway.
And Tony was being
"You moron," said Pepper affectionately.  "...they have Barnes's name on them... how on earth could you--"
"The reactor is powered by palladium, which will degrade over time.
thinking he could do this to Steve and get away with it. But right now he was useless.
. The lines were well formed, the shading well on its way to being completed. Maybe it wasn't the neatness drawing in the world but the likeness of Tony was there- Steve had always been good at capturing faces.
Tony peeked around the corner.  There were two men, one in a suit, one in a bulletproof vest.  He slid his arm around the corner and targeted them at the neck; both dropped silently.  "Yeah, yeah, it's clear," he reassured her.  He was starting to vaguely recall what was going on.  They were doing a raid, there was a target... an objective... something or someone they were supposed to find.
.  He was so happy yesterday.  Can you run some searches on selective mutism after pair-bonding, see if you find anything?"
-out of it. Steve felt
And he was sure that Wanda and Pietro, where ever they were, were just fine.
On the phone, Phil was quiet for a moment.  "Steve. Listen to me. There's a lot of things wrong with the world.  We focus on the most egregious wrongs but the world will never be perfect.  Human trafficking is a problem everywhere. Things
always have to come to
A week later all of Steve's stuff was moved in. He left the furniture in the apartment, figuring it could be sold as it was. He wasn't especially attached to the furniture itself. Tony's room was so big that most of Steve's meager belongings ended up in there. The room with Tony's biroed form on the wall ended up as a studio, all of Steve's sketchbooks on shelves and materials in drawers. The rest of his clothes were put in the shared wardrobe and walk-in closet. His books found a spare shelf or two downstairs, along with his record player and record collection.  And his... ahem...
Pepper and Aria were both shooing the Tony and Steve toward the door.  "Yes, well, you two can catch up after dinner, now hurry up, if you're late it's going to look really bad..."
Tony turned back to Fury.  "This looks super bad, doesn't it?"
Steve's body was warm and heavy against Tony's.  He settled into the couch with delight.  The only thing that could make this better was alcohol, which Steve had vetoed.  Tony wasn't aching for it yet, however.  He was much more interested in Steve.  This, more than anything, made him realize how badly he had fallen.
"...quaint."  Tony tilted his head back.  "...I guess the thing is, omegas ought to be able to choose what they want.  Banksy didn't get to choose. Jarvis... I don't know. I hope he chose but I don't know.  People should choose what makes them happy. Not be assigned."
"Oh, boy, that's great, Rich," said one of the other men, Harry, wiping a tear from his eye.  "Me, I just came downstairs one day and announced it. And my mother said, ooh, how did you find out?  And I didn't know how to tell her, well, I'm a fourteen-year-old boy, ma, how do you think, I discovered my fucking knot, didn't I?"
Steve worried about Tony over the next week but there wasn't much he could do. He made him food, but it was out of Steve's control if Tony actually chose to ate it. He calmed him best he could when he woke up from nightmares and gave him bottles of water when he drank too much (which was too often).
with you, isn't it?  Our first heat together and you have to try to murder me and then bring
And Steve had no answer.
"How's it going?" she asked uncertainly.  She was surprised to see Steve without Tony.  Of course, Tony was, at times, notoriously lazy.  And despite Steve's size, she knew he could be stealthy.  He must have slipped away to let Tony get some extra rest.  She could only wonder how Tony was; last she'd seen him, he'd looked downright ill.  A cursory Google search the night before had taught her that, in fact, thousands died annually during sex, most of them older Alphas bonded to younger omegas.  It concerned her, a bit, because even though he was fit, Tony was forty, and Steve, half his age, was also in peak health. And always would be, thanks to the serum.
Steve grabbed Tony's phone and then handed it to him. "Here, I got you some water too. Have it before the coffee," he said, pushing the glass over. "You were pretty far gone last night. You fell out of bed at one point."
birthday present," said Tony, draping himself over Steve's back, looking down at the bright blues and reds.  He brought one leg up, trying to shift into a more comfortable position; he was swollen to a ridiculous degree.  "You're the only person I ever really knotted," said Tony contemplatively, reaching up to find Steve's hand and hold it.  Tony had kinda-of sort-of knotted two other people, ever, but he'd gotten the knot out with a bit of force, not liking the sensation of being stuck to someone.  With Steve, it was always pleasant. Plus, he doubted he could even really force it right now. When they fucked,
Tony sat down on the end of the bed, putting his face into his hands.  "I don't know. I don't know... I called Pepper and then we were arguing and then I turned around and he was just go--"  Tony stopped. He looked up at Pepper, staring. It clicked. Steve was
"Mr. Stark?"
"JARVIS, can you start compiling everything you can find on the Winter Soldier?" asked Tony.
, it's front to back, biting the neck.  ...see, this is why we need that class, you obviously have no idea how to get boned properly."  Tony was having a hard time keeping a straight face. Even though he often delivered jokes dead-pan, the idea of sitting with Steve listening to someone tell them how to have sex the
Tony didn’t make it to Pepper; Rhodey accosted him first, grabbing Tony by the shoulders. "I think Steve's friend just hit on me."
Sam looked down at his food.  Clearly, he wasn't entirely convinced.  "I hope so," he said, nibbling at his lunch with less enthusiasm than before.
Steve sighed fondly as Tony just took the shield anyway. Maybe once the performance was over he could get Tony to sleep and eat. Or he could at least hope.
Steve tore away the paper.  Instead was a box that had once held a desk lamp and been re-purposed. He tore it open and out fell a floppy, long-eared, incredibly worn brown bunny.  The eyes were made up of a pair of mismatched buttons and the fur on the ears had been loved off.
Most of the missions were solo runs but a few times Steve got to meet other agents. May was his favourite. She was stoic and bossy but incredibly brave. The beta had taught him a thing or two about how to kick right and she never treated him like anything special, just a normal person. It turned out she had some pretty good stories about Phil when he was younger too, but when Steve asked if they were friends she didn't seem to want to answer the question. Most of the time Fury was just asking for a memory card or a disc. Once he literally just asked Steve to sneak up a hotel building and record a conversation; it had all been about project INSIGHT. And wasn't that a SHIELD initiative? Shouldn't Fury already know all about that, as the head of SHIELD?  Steve didn't question what Nick asked for but that didn't mean he found it any less confusing.  Maybe it was just good old-fashioned paranoia on Fury's part; he didn't seem to trust anyone fully, not even within his own agency.
you like. Promise.
Steve was relieved to find Tony in a better mood the next morning and smiled at the kiss. He'd ordered them the same breakfast again and actually ate his this time. The bacon was salty and the eggs buttery. It was good but Steve didn't want to think about how much it cost. When Tony stepped out of the bathroom with a towel around his waist he
At least he'd gotten a lot of good notes on locking mechanisms.  They might be useful. Tony had gotten at least twelve pages of careful diagrams on his graph paper.  It had been a productive visit.
Deep down, he was hoping this wouldn't affect Steve wanting to meet Taylor Swift, who had been on Tony's "To-Screw" list for a while.  The list was ever-changing, moving people up and down according to desirability (i.e., how hot they were), how hard to get they were, and how big of a scandal it would cause.  Currently, Pepper had occupied slot #1 for close to a decade.  Swift ranked relatively low in desirability (7 out of 10) but high in the other two categories (8.5 in hard-to-get and a delicious, tantalizing 9 in scandal; she was a goodie-goodie female omega who was half his age), putting her average at 8.2, which put her rank just below Salma Hayek (a 9.2 ever since she'd slapped him at a charity gala) and Amy Adams (whose desirability was already at a 9.5, matched with Pepper, and whose hard-to-get and scandal score had been recently both been knocked up to 10s because she was in a monogamous relationship and had had a kid the month prior; she was now just below Pepper with a score of 9.6).
Tony snorted.  To him, drinking was a fundamental right to all, regardless of status.  "I'm
The space was freed up so Banksy dropped down next to Steve. He gave him a tired sort of smile. "Hey I thought... I thought what you said this morning was really brave. About, you know--"
He willed himself to channel his heat into anger, into something he could use.
"My ma got lots of offers. People target single mothers; they know how desperate their situations can be," Steve shrugged. "And if a mother is struggling to provide for her kid, why wouldn't she want him to get an Alpha, you know? In theory, it should be better."
Tony's brain slowly went through all he had just heard. An apology for a lousy childhood.  A reassurance that Tony wasn't like his father.  Things Tony never got to hear and desperately wanted to.  He stared at Steve, still slightly lost.  Up until Steve said he wasn't four people with a shield.
"Well, that's just great," said Banksy, nodding.
"I think if I got a tattoo I might actually make that vein in Fury's head explode," Steve said after a moment with a half smile on his lips.
"It's good to see you too, Happy," Steve returned, voice quiet and sincere and almost tentative. He realised he really was quite invested in Happy liking him- in the people around Tony liking him. He didn't care about SHIELD.  Anyway, he couldn't help what they thought of him.  They had probably a whole room dedicated just to him.
"Scent-mates," said Tony.  "Totally mutual. Actually,
Steve wanted to interject,
"Plain.  How about plain?" said Pietro, shoving a cup of yogurt at him.  "Plain, regular yogurt."
Frond-- was a psychologist.  The basis of her work was that omegas liked and, indeed,
Steve looked enormous.  His chest and shoulders were broad, muscular; he looked like a damned body builder.  Tony smiled sleepily at him, relaxing in the warm water.
For a moment he thought about how young Joey was and then realised the man looked about 25. Steve's age, or thereabouts. Ha.
"My ma just died," Steve blurted out and then he suddenly felt sad. Terribly, terribly sad. Wait, had she? Had she died? It wasn't real, was it...? "I didn't have nowhere to stay.  I'm s'posed to be with my Alpha, Bucky... I don't know how I even got here."
Some notes on this chapter: there are GRAPHIC descriptions of a non-consensual assault.  If you're not into that, I highly recommend you skip this chapter, as Cap gets into a really dicey situation.  Although we have tags and warnings on the story as a whole, I want to emphasize that this chapter in particular has potentially triggering content, so please exercise your own good judgement before reading.  Thanks!
It was nowhere near complete, but it was a start.
coffee.
As long as she didn't watch the simulation.  Tony was already preparing himself for the worst.  He couldn't know, not really, what "the worst" was.  Afghanistan?  Stane?  Something from his childhood?  ...all three?  There were plenty of things he'd never told Steve, things he no longer admitted to himself.  Tony's method for coping was to cram everything away and never examine it again.  Now they were dragging it all out and... well, who knows, maybe it wouldn't be that bad.
"I've only known you, for like, three weeks," Steve pointed out in a murmur.
"This isn't
"Yeah," said Tony, through clenched teeth.
"It makes sense that you've been thinking about it," Steve murmured and moved his hand to cup Tony's cheek lovingly, the pad of his thumb dragging over the curve of a cheekbone. He wished he could just wash all of Tony's sadness away. But it certainly wasn't going anywhere. Today wouldn't be easy, but certainly easier than yesterday. He tried for a smile. "I've ordered breakfast. Got you waffles with strawberries and cream. Thought it would be easy on your stomach.  So, almost a year, huh?" Steve said. That meant he'd been awake for a year. How strange...the twenty first century still felt bold and unknown to him. But he supposed he at least understood Twitter now, and YouTube. And now he had Tony. He moved to lie down on his front next to Tony, fingers lightly curled over Tony's arm. A part of him didn't want to lose contact, like he was afraid his mate might just...drift away.
thought Tony, smiling faintly.  Even the thought of going to bed at nine and waking up to a normal breakfast wasn't really a bothersome thought.  It felt like a natural evolution in Tony's life.  He sighed with contentment, slipping away into sleep, his last thought before he passed out a practical one:
"--demanding equal treatment, but then they want safe spaces, they want special considerations, and my question is,
Despite Tony's reassurances, Steve could tell he was feeling anxious.  And he knew why, too.  The six civilian deaths that had occurred at the Expo weighed on him.  Tony was constantly bragging about all the good Iron Man did, about the people he'd saved and the threats he'd neutralized.  But that wasn't what Tony dreamed about.  Steve knew he was haunted by the ones that fell through the cracks, the inevitable casualties.  Never mind that they'd managed to minimize damage and save thousands.  No.  Leo Rothstein cast a long shadow, and Tony's cheerful insistence that they would "get off scot-free" was clearly a defense mechanism.
Phil sighed and wrapped his knuckles on the helmet.  "Let's take a break. Go back to the flowchart. We can probably eliminate at least half of the known bases as holding sites, right?"
"Yep, right through there.  It's still a work in progress, but it's still one of the biggest collections in the world.  We even have one of the orchids he was given when he announced his bond! Pepper Potts donated it on behalf of Stark Industries, and it's just starting to bloom again."
him. And surely he doesn't know, he's...you know, with a load of other Alphas." He grimaced and Steve grimaced in turn. "You'd just think a guy who's that much of a statusist would be hung up on stuff like that."
But before Steve could finish his sentence his phone started ringing. He pulled it out to see it was Fury.
"Please don't leave me, oh...oh." Steve frowned as he watched Tony stagger into the bathroom. He stretched his hands out towards Tony and slumped down on the sofa, curling out towards him.
"...you mean I've been paying Pepper two hundred thousand a year to push a button?" said Tony.
Cooper whistled and, sure enough, a dog that looked like some sort of lab mix came in and began eating the half-chewed pieces off the floor.  Lila stopped fussing and pointed to the dog. "Lucky," she said.
Tony had forgotten all about that.
On the television, a senator was commenting on the events of the Prix.
"Well, that was quite a performance," he commented, still smiling.
"Really," Steve said. "The omega's name is DeSoto. He's totally subordinate to his Alpha. It's insane. He's prepared to do literally anything for his mate , even though he
Steve pulled off to trail his tongue along the shaft, his blue eyes dark as they flicked up to Tony's face. He looked practically sinful. "I had a good teacher," he pointed out, voice seductively soft. He sucked on the head again. "I'm yours. I'm your omega," he repeated, a tremor running down in his spine every time Tony had said 'good boy.'
Two medics with cameras were already prodding Trickshot.
"You just think that because you're pregnant," said Tony dismissively.  He was lying on his back on the couch in a wifebeater and a pair of ragged jeans, barefoot, and one of his arms was sheathed in a gauntlet.  He had been fine-tuning the grip all morning, flexing his fingers, listening to the gears whirl and click, making tiny little adjustments with a set of watchmaker's tools on the table beside him.  He had declined joined Steve and Aria for yoga because they always ended up going early and Tony loathed "early."
"But all the men here are like at least thirty years old!"
"Soon, everyone will know the truth.  That Stark men are not made of iron.  That the Stark legacy is built with fog, and mirrors.  It take your father forty years to ruin me.  It take me... forty minutes."
"I love you," he whispered as he curled his legs away from Tony's waist and let them rest against the countertop. Steve's eyes glinted with mischief. "Sorry about the marble."
Tony doubted he was experiencing whatever omegas did when they knelt.  He'd seen Steve kneel lots of time, getting that blissed-out expression on his face, the same one he got when he was knotted or when Tony touched behind his ears.  But that was okay. When Steve knelt, it was because he wanted to, and because he enjoyed it. And Tony rather liked when his mate enjoyed himself.
"...Fury's been in negotiations.  If we can establish regular check-ins, yes, we can probably do away with the monitors," said Dr. Brazinski.
Another hand. "What's the best position to stay in once the knot has taken hold?"
"He'll be fine, though, right?  He's awake, they said," said Banksy in a hushed voice.  "They said he's comfortable-- he's a fighter. That's Boz, he's a fighter, you know, and he's very healthy for his age.  He-- he was fine yesterday, perfectly fine."
"Back off!" the boy practically barked, still snarling.
He tilted his head up to check the headboard.
"I drove here," Doug reminded him.
"But...I'm bonded to Tony now." Steve managed to get out.
Steve sat bolt upright.
"Is that why we're looking for intel on the Winter Solder?" asked Sam.
Watching DeSoto paw at Tony's leg certainly didn't help Steve calm down. He found it worrying, that he would do this for any Alpha... Steve had thought it was awful how each Alpha would happily switch through omegas until they got one they were happy with. But maybe the omegas weren't so different...maybe it was learnt behaviour and maybe DeSoto would do this for any Alpha who asked sternly enough. Which in itself was very worrying. It made them vulnerable. DeSoto didn't look vulnerable. He looked strong, but he was subject to the whims of his Alpha... a man who had
Trickshot's face broke into another smile.  "You mean I've been getting the crap kicked out of me for twenty years trying to go save my little brother and he was doing just fine this whole time?"
"So, what are you guys talking about?" asked Happy pleasantly.
"Good thing we've both got wings, huh?" said Sam with a grin.  He pulled himself over the raining. partially unfolded his metal wings, and dropped down headfirst.
Steve nuzzled against the side of his neck. "Tell me what I can do to distract you, Tony."
"Nate," said Nate while Steve stalked around the room searching like there were closets full of mutilated omegas just waiting to be discovered.
Tony was speaking off the cuff, but years of giving sound bites came naturally to him.
get stronger."
Tony leaned down to nose behind Steve's ears.  "Yeah... that's it... get it out, baby... good omega..." he encouraged, pumping Steve's dick.  He rubbed his thumb over the exposed head, smearing precum over the foreskin and shaft. "You want to cum in my mouth?  You want me to swallow?"
Welp, there it went.
Standing over her was a young man.  He was an omega so he ignored him.
"You can say no," repeated Wanda firmly.
"My omega.  Steve. Good omega," he chanted softly, nuzzling against Steve.  He gave a sharp warning snap at Aria when she passed Steve a bottle of water.
"You said you needed me!"
Those thoughts seemed wrong, somehow.  His brow furrowed.
She and Aria both let out a sigh of relief once they were in the car.  With the bodyguards, it was a tight squeeze. The inside of the car had a distinctive smell of whiskey.
Steve stepped inside wordlessly and closed the door behind himself before leaning his back against it. "So," he sighed. "What is this about?"
"...I need a drink," he concluded.
"So... I was thinking about, like-- do you want to get a job?" Aria asked and Steve blinked. "Because you did kind of get fired..."
He was just trying to show Donner how gross Gideon was! He never thought it would come of anything, he never thought he would try to...
One of Trey's brothers busied himself with making drinks for all of them. "You do know I can't get drunk, right?" Steve said, trying to make it a joke. Trey grinned.
Tony watched the whole thing unfold passively: Steve protesting but obediently getting a condom; Steve rolling it down Tony's erection, wasting no time in mounting him; Steve bouncing on his dick, stroking it longingly.  Tony let out a sigh of relief and then a whine of pleasure, flopping back luxuriously, when Steve pulled the knot in.
"We should probably go see that Wisdom guy tomorrow," Steve suggested. "We don't want Fury on our ass by the time it's our anniversary. That'll suck." Sometimes it felt like Nick was the father he'd never had (because Steve had literally never had one; he could not even remember Joseph Rogers' face). Nick nagged him, asked him to do things he didn't want to do but... he had his best interests at heart. Steve truly believed that.  The fact that Nick had been born
that belonged to him.
"I'll see what I can do," mumbled Rhodes, looking disgusted with Tony.  Knowing Tony, there was only a 50-50 chance he would show up to the award ceremony anyway.  Tony had won enough awards not to care particularly about any one of them very much. He often told Rhodey that the only award ceremony he'd never miss would be the AVN Awards, and that he felt his 90's sex tape should have gotten him at least an honorable mention in the "amateur" category.
"What I
Steve would have pinned Fred as being in his late twenties or early thirties, certainly not "old."  Yet compared at the auction crowd, they were all ancient. Steve knew the legal bonding age was seventeen, but some of these kids looked like they had literally
!" cried Steve with conviction. "I will! Don't
Then he sped ahead.
DeSoto tore over to Steve and stopped in front of him, hands up, a look of apology on his face.  His eye was swelling up from his earlier fight. "Hey... hey man. Stop. Please. I really, really don't want to fight you... you're gonna get us in trouble... please."  He was speaking softly, so no one could hear him aside from Steve. His expression was one of pleading. Unable to say no to his Alpha, it was clear he would fight Steve if Steve tried to go any further, but that he was well-aware he was going to get beaten to a pulp.  "
"Wait... is he tied down or something?" asked Clint.
Steve shifted his weight uncomfortably.  Wherever he wanted?  What did that even mean?  That certainly wasn't an invitation. Steve stepped into the bedroom and then hesitated again. He couldn't just get into bed and pretend everything was okay; he wouldn't be able to sleep. He swallowed nervously and then moved to kneel down on Tony's side of the bed, hoping he wouldn't reject him.
Tony realized he was in Steve's bedroom.  His heart leaped into his throat and for a moment he just lay there in the suit, letting the heavy metal ground him.
"He's booked a suite in the Triumph!" A very fancy, top end hotel. Gideon had actually taken Donner there once. It was a good sign. Maybe. But the man having money made him no more or less likely to take Donner home, or be a gentle Alpha. That was all Donner wanted now. Someone who was
"PEGASUS," said Fury.  "There's cryo chambers there, and enough security to deal with him.  Plus, Barton's been assigned there to help guard..." He gave them a meaningful look.  "He can handle the Winter Soldier, in a worse-case scenario."
"Why don't you ever wear clothes?" demanded Rhodes, shoving Tony off of him.  "And why the hell do you have an erection, Jesus..."
Tony lovingly unwrapped Steve's trembling, gleaming body, his fingers trailing over the skin.  "Good omega... sweet omega..." he murmured. This was nothing like the frustration of Monaco. Steve was here with him.  Tony was panting a little with anticipation but he felt no need to show off. There were no other Alphas, no competition.  It was just the two of them.
Eventually the two men parted in the pool. Steve bent down by the edge, raising a brow at Tony as he swam up to the pool side. "Proud of yourself?" Steve asked, although he couldn't help but smile. He'd had quite a few drinks himself, but he was only edging on tipsy when a normal person would probably be on the floor.
kid down here, and he's totally fine."
"Clint's codename is Hawkeye," said Phil from the front seat, helpfully.
Eric led the way. They went into the elevator then up a few flights and headed into what looked like a lecture theater/conference room. They grabbed seats near the middle, Eric saying something about not being too far from the front if they wanted to ask questions.
"Yeah.  That was me."
"...breakfast is here," he reported to Steve.  "...plus a bunch of fanmail for you, apparently.  And someone sent flowers."
to do such a turn-around," said Gene, nodding his head over toward Steve.
He flitted out of the way as the chopper rose and pointed south.  He rolled under it and flipped on to his back. The digital readout had changed, throwing up the cruising altitude and a line showing the horizon, giving the thing the feel of a flight simulator; a map popped up of the immediate area in the left corner, with a speed gauge below it.  When he flipped around, there was a brief red blinking as if the program was panicking; then it righted itself and the autopilot took over.
Pietro groaned.  "But you just told me to sit!  ...okay, okay..."
"I don't see why it can't be," Steve shrugged and Natasha laughed. It was a fond sound.
Since my update was a day late, have two chapters instead of one.  Also, look up Hadrahmaut for an extra-fun etymology Easter egg!
Aria paused, glancing around, and lowered her voice.  "That scar on the back of his neck... it wasn't a lab accident, was it?  ...make sure he keeps his dander down. I don't want any pictures they can use against him."
Tony realized he didn't know what to say.  They'd been apart nearly two months.
Tony gestured again, impatiently.  DeSoto appeared.
Steve appeared by Tony's side, letting their fingers brush together behind the privacy of the breakfast bar.
"...no."
Tony watched Steve pick up the shield, his emotions a confused, roiling mess.
Steve's heart ached.
Tony snorted softly.  He'd been taught to open doors for bonded omegas when he was a kid, too.
Unusual.  But... good.
"...did they mention me?"  Tony tried to sound like he didn't care, because he was well-aware that Nat, Clint, Sam, and all the rest of the SHIELD posse was more Steve's friend than his, and they were rightfully furious at Tony for his cold treatment of Steve.
"What-- what is it? Is this about Wanda and Pietro? Are they gonna be okay?"
"I think it might be time for bed when we get back though," Steve murmured bemusedly. "We can leave
"The Mark IV was never designed to be flight-capable, sir.  I advise against--"
"Steve?!" repeated Tony.  Now that the drones weren't attacking them and Vanko wasn't moving, Tony could only think of the blond, remember how his body, his fleshy, organic, and very mortal body, had been tossed by Vanko, tossed and slammed into a wall, and panic was rising in him.
