clothes, before dismissing it with a grimace: the two of them are definitely not the same size, and most of all, the other man’s muscles would end up ripping the tight fit he likes for his own shirts in two.
where he expected the conversation to be going when he asked the question. Reluctantly, he lets his hands go and sighs deeply, passing a hand over his face before asking (he doesn’t
“Stupid Celestials, I can’t even get FRIDAY installed…” he groans, closing his eyes briefly as leaning in against the other, smiling at how familiar and reassuring this feels. “So, what brings you here? Don’t you have somewhere
something, or if it’s just another figment of his imagination playing tricks on him – it wouldn’t be the first time something like that happens.
“No,” Loki interrupts him, waving his hand around and sending the private swiftly against the wall, knocking her senseless. Tony gasps, and almost doesn’t notice Steve’s hand closing upon his own to protect the ring.
“I know, I’m sorry. I’ve had a hard time adjusting to…” his voice trails off, because what is in his mind is ‘still being alive’, but of course he can’t say
“I’ve already contacted the best defense lawyer in the US, he’s studying the case as we speak. You won’t be charged. It’s gonna be a tough and maybe lengthy process, but you’re not going to be in jail for any of it. And eventually, you’ll win.”
“You’re kidding me.” Out of every scenario that he has been imagining for these past few weeks, it had never entered into his mind that it could be something so…
“I’m taking it as a promise...” is all that he can manage, however, because for some reason Steve appears to look at him in a somehow new way, and for the first time Tony catches himself noticing just how
Steve shakes his head to himself, of course, he could not outsmart Tony Stark, it was silly to even try. He follows the other out in the parking lot, wondering how to fill what is shaping to be a lot of free time.
it would be a better verb, as the cushion is so incredibly soft – when Steve gives an awkward giggle.
“I’m right where I want to be…” Steve replies, shaking his head and slipping his index finger under Tony’s chin, gently lifting it up to look into his eyes. “… with
They sit down, and with impeccable timing the maître arrives, a couple of minutes later, to welcome them and hand the menus; Tony, who had thought it wouldn’t hurt to already make his choice beforehand, pretends to study his for a short while before fixing his eyes on the man sitting in front of him, clearing his throat (in what he hopes to be a casual enough way) before talking again.
“Tony here. We’re fine. Loki, he was inside of my head, tried to get me to act out. Didn’t work though, and what’s better, in doing that, he gave away his location. It’s just a few yards away. Hank, Janet, the rings are stored in a small, security bag underneath the passenger’s seat of the SUV. Loki will probably be able to perceive you in a way or another, so Hulk, you need to cause a distraction, but make sure you don’t get too close to him. Steve and I will take care of all the muscle men out here. Head back to the jet as soon as you have secured the rings. We’ll rendezvous there. Everything clear?” A general nod echoes in the comms. “Perfect. Tony out,” he concludes, double-tapping the small earbud to close the communication.
about it whereas he should have just spitted it out when he still had the chance, when Steve wasn’t…
“Duh, yeah, great deductive powers, Cap, where did you notice it from? Was it the name, or the decor, or the ginger smell...” he replies, sarcastically, not quite sure where the other is going with this, lifting up a hand as spotting the two women smiling in their direction.
, not really, it’s just something that Peter Quill mentioned in passing when he picked me up in space, he sa—“
A sigh of relief escapes his mouth. He hasn’t been made, this is just club chatter. He’s still just a man amongst others. No need to panic.
Are the laws of the universe still valid in here? Gravity? Atmosphere? How can he be sure that this is indeed the Soul Stone, and not maybe the afterlife? Sure, Thor has told them about the Valhalla and Hel and all of those other realms plenty of times, but is that when humans go too? Or just pagan gods? And what about people who don’t believe, like himself? Is there anything for them, when they die? Tony is about to scream out loud when a hand catches his elbow, making him stop.
Those days are long gone now, and more than a memory they actually feel like something that happened in a recurrent dream ages ago, similar enough to reality to
He throws a quick glance at the clock on his desk: almost 10pm, almost time to go. He decides to go over his calculations one last time, but he has barely started that FRIDAY interrupts him, and that’s not
Steve blinks, puzzled out of his mind for a couple of seconds, then scratches the back of his head and looks around, embarrassed, not entirely sure of what’s happening or what to say at this point. Tony glances at him for a while, but only manages to keep a straight face for a minute or so before bursting into laughter.
“This has nothing to do with Britain. If y’all let me finish, you’d understand the gravity of the situation,” Fury hits back, and there’s an urgency in his voice now that silences every further protest. After a couple of seconds he goes on: “Look, this chest was the best kept secret in the world. The only reason we’re aware of it now is not even because it was stolen – we would have never found out about it as it stood – but because Namor came forward to
“And…?,” he gently presses him to continue, mostly because the wait is killing him, but also because he’s getting a gut feeling that just won’t shut up.
He sighs deeply and then sits on the bed more comfortably, moving slowly and lightly so to not wake the other up, hugging his knees to his chest and staying there, frozen in his stillness, his eyes fixed on Steve for the whole time he’s in the room, watching his face contrive and grimace as who knows what thoughts his subconscious is projecting into his brain, painfully aware that he can’t soothe him as he used to, and growing more and more convinced that this is just another form of his own atonement.
Tony grumbles something unintelligible in reply and stretches a hand to pass him a bag containing some clean clothes - yet another surprising move. He hadn’t noticed it before, which means Tony must have brought it this morning, although he can’t figure out why especially since he's so dead-set on him not leaving the hospital. He tries to find an explanation whilst getting dressed but comes up short, so he resolves to ask him directly afterwards. it’s just as he’s ready to leave the room that something jumps to his attention, making him forget about all the rest of his thoughts.
“Oh Tony…” Steve shakes his head, but a tiny smile appears on his lips as he gets closer, throwing his arms around the other’s neck, pressing his lips against his forehead in a soft gesture that Tony adores, and was missing deeply.
“It’s okay, Captain, we haven’t quite started yet,” T’Challa explains, his eyes briefly stopping on Tony’s to remind him that the previous conversation is far from over, although he’s going to glass over it for the time being. Which is fine, because right now Tony has Steve to deal with. Or, better,
“That’s often the case…” For his part, Tony is not someone to dwell on particular moments – he likes to live in the present
it is that the tenth ring is safe. Because now that it’s out of whatever hidden dimension I have been stuck to for the past seven decades, you can bet it’s been calling up to the rest of them ever since. How long do you expect will it be before its location is found?”
, but it’s everything is going to say on the matter, ever. Because Steve doesn’t need to have confirmation – if he doesn’t already know – that for a split second Tony actually parted his lips to let him in –
without even having to think it over. And maybe it’s for this very reason he’s back here now, against all common sense or logic, because it’s Christmas Eve and before it all went to shit they used to spend it together, Steve not really having anyone else, he wanting to have him close along with Pepper, Rhodey and Happy, his own little family, each of them alone without the others. And Tony needed that feeling more than he ever voiced out loud, because Christmas 1990 was the last one he spent with his parents, and since then the whole holiday period had been a curse, something to get hopelessly drunk over to forget about it. That is, until Pepper had moved in his house and he felt like decorating again.
one, which is now much easier and less time consuming than before, something that presents him with the incredible opportunity to actually have a few hours of sleep on most nights.
Tony nods, grateful, mulling over his response before sharing it out loud: “Space was great. Big, dangerous, scary… but friendly too, you’d be surprised. Also, it turns out quite a few races
They say things can either look much brighter or much darker in the middle of the night, when it seems like nobody else is awake – although of course that’s not true, it could never be – when every little thought or feeling you have is naturally amplified by the darkness and the quiet outside, even if you’re in a city, a place that doesn’t know what stillness really means. As Steve lets himself go on the spot on the mattress next to him, slightly out of breath and sweaty, immediately pulling his body towards him, Tony can’t help but thinking that statement is actually true, because although he’s had many nights stained with alcohol, violence, self-hatred and pain, there are an equal number of them when he has felt so totally at peace with himself and with the world outside – when he’s building something or having some sort of breakthrough, or as he lies awake in his lover’s arms in the aftermath of their love – that he would rather take his chances with this part of the day than sleeping through it. As they lie next to each other, silent, catching their breaths while their bodies relax, Tony can sense the exhaustion starting to creep up on him, making his eyelids heavy and his eyes tired, so he forces himself to speak, murmuring softly.
go, and, because he’s never been good with goodbyes, he figures it’s better for both of them if he tries to slip away unnoticed, saving the heartbreaking moment to actually have to say the words out loud. He waits for a few minutes more –
, maybe tearing the own fabric of reality apart, rendering the human concept of time completely useless.
“I’ll try my best” he replies, and for a bit they’re able to keep walking in silence. The landscape around them appears to be never changing, except for a square-shaped building that emerges – seemingly out of nowhere – about half an hour after they’ve started their journey. But that’s just about it; the rest is just the grass and the motionless river he saw when he first opened his eyes. There’s no wind at all, nor animals or sounds. Everything is still, as in a painting.
But Tony cuts him off, because although it’s always fun to tease the General like this, he’s grown tired of the game and of his overall attitude as if he could never lose. Plus, there are other stuff he needs to take care of at the compound and he wants to be gone before Steve gets back from wherever he’s gone.
“I know you were looking at me…” he starts, trying to catch the other’s eyes, now deeply focused on the floor. But something about his tone must catch the guy’s attention because, surely enough, the rich azure irises land on his own, prompting a smile on his lips.
The position that he gets offered is, much to his surprise, of Secretary of Defense; which, although it sort of makes sense when you think about it – he used to be *the* single biggest provider of weapons after all, and he’s quite sure most of the people around the President still believes he
“I don’t get why we have to keep it a secret though. Is that because of optics? Like her being the CEO of
As the music fades out, Tony grabs the hem of Steve’s t-shirt and pulls his face gently towards his, leaving a small kiss on his lips and sighing softly, smiling. Much to his surprise, the other man returns the loving gesture, though before Tony can do or say anything, he searches for his eyes and murmurs on his lips.
“I love you, Steve, and I never stopped, god knows how much I wanted and tried to make myself stop. I’ve been in love with you since the first time we kissed, years ago, and I’ve never been able to let you go. Couldn’t get you out of my heart even when my brain was hating every damn fiber of your being for what you had done, for the way you lied about my parents. And I despise this place for making me saying this shit out lout but goddamn it, it’s been tearing me apart for almost three years now, and I just can’t take it anymore.”
When his eyes finally open after numerous attempts, a dirty whiteness is all they can see, so the first thought occurring to him is that just a few moments have passed since the rocket – or whatever it actually was – had detonated on his shield. His head feels bare though, and he realises his helmet must have rolled off in the blast. He blinks a few times, trying to get his pupils to focus, but the more he does it, the more he becomes painfully aware of a piercing headache like he never experienced before. Which is to say something, giving the super soldier serum and everything.
“Yeah…” he offers, because there’s no reason to deny the evident at this point “I’d written them before… y’know. Just in case.”
to people talk, he feels his head might just trigger a self-induced coma just to escape these people. As anticipated, Bruce agrees to help him out, but he’s gone back living in India so their communication is sporadic and only really happens from the late afternoon onwards, which means he can’t rely on their side project to pass the time.
Steve doesn’t believe when he hears it, although he can’t quite explain why. It just seems like a dream. Why nobody has ever found Iron Man, if it was in here the whole time? Surely Stark or even Namor were looking for it. Also, how can it be still in one piece, after all these years? The dossier he read said that the suit was made of metal – only a small percentage of it actual iron, oddly enough – so it stands to reason that after seven decades in the water it would be falling apart and rusty if not completely in ruin. And yet, as Janet opens up a passage for them to reach this secret spot and his eyes actually lands on the suit, Steve has to admit that except for a bit of wild seaweed and a few spots here and there, the Iron Man looks like it’s been here for just a week or so. Which doesn’t make any sense. But then again, Steve is quickly realizing that there’s a whole world of stuff he didn’t know of before, most of which escapes any logic.
Steve remains silent for a long time, to the point Tony starts considering that maybe he didn’t speak loud enough, or
What he’s doing is getting dressed again. Briefs, trousers and t-shirt are back on his body in less then half a minute, and for once it’s not an effect of the serum.
along with the music, not trying to be as still as possible while your partner does all the movement for you.”
Tony is panting now, and damn, he feels exhausted as he has never felt before in his whole life. But he can’t stand there waiting for a reply, he just
“Come on, dance with me.” Tony invites him, knowing all too well what the other is thinking but dead set about ignoring it all the same.
“Yes, I know, Steve. What do you think I’d been doing all that time in Wakanda, other than looking after sheep?”
“Leading their normal, ordinary lives. Parker is graduating next year, I’m hearing he has his eyes on the M.I.T.”
at the same time…” she sighs, shaking her head but still flashing a smile on her face. “You said you got back a few hours ago, didn’t you? I can see you didn’t go home to change and have a shower, you just, you know, showed up here like this. It’s not hard to imagine where did you go
Tony smiles and stretches his hand towards the other man, who nervously bites his lip and stays there, indecisive about what to do.
after humans start living in them. Which, thinking about it, it’s not too distant from the reality. But as someone who
Now that the helicopter is gone, Tony has no excuses to not look at his date, and when he does, he can’t help but feeling his stomach turning upside down: Steve is… well, he’s
But Steve keeps staying there like if he was frozen, although when the other takes his hands to wrap his own body with them he lets him do it. Tony smiles, leaning against his body and looking up, smiling brightly.
and he kept receiving blow after blow, so when Steve finally appeared, he only managed to lock eyes with him for a couple of seconds before he lost his senses.
Only once he’s safe inside one of the cubicles he lets a deep sigh go as leaning against the door, Carol’s words still echoing in his brain.
“I’ve been told…” he chuckles, making only a bland attempt to stop the other from hitting him because yeah, he knows he deserves it. Eventually he grabs his hands, holding them down to make his fists stop, gets closer and whispers on his lips: “Does your sorry ass want to spend the night then? Or shall I call the ‘copter again?”
“What can I say, old habits are hard to die…” he glides over, picking up the chopsticks again and moving them one against the other to rehearse.
to belong to the government. I just… inherited it. Listen,” he then adds, anticipating Steve’s next wave of questions, “I know you have your reasons not to trust me, but I’m trying to tell you, you might change your mind if only you give me a chance.”
Tony falls silent, mulling over this new development. He doesn’t particularly think he’s the best person for the job, but he wonders who else is on Fury’s list. Clint? Scott Lang? For some reason he doesn’t think so. Maybe the very reason why they wouldn’t be up for this job is exactly because they’re parents –
“I… am gonna go now. Don’t call me, I don’t think the lines are safe, matter of fact you should get rid of your phone, I threw mine away on the way here. I’m gonna work on a home security system to install here, I’ll send someone over to wire it up, so let me know if you have any preference for the name and I’ll personalize it for you. I… I’ll try to design an encrypted way for us to communicate, could take a while depending on how things move but please, until then, don’t try to get in touch electronically, no matter how safe
be sure about what that voice – but before his eyes can zoom in on anything specific, a powerful, loud slap lands on his left cheek, thus making his head returning to its starting position.
him… Tony doesn’t know how to deal with, or be witty about it. He looks up at the other man now, giving him a somewhat shy smile – an event more unique than rare – and then pushes his neck gently forward to meet his lips, kissing him softly but superficially, the memory of how their last kiss ended still somehow fresh.
“Thank god you’re alive.” the voice says, and then two arms are engulfing his body tight and ouch, it hurts, but somehow that feels good too, because it’s a sign that he still
Just as he’s weighing the chances of that decision, the door slides open and Fury enters the room, followed a couple of steps behind by a totally healthy, all in one piece Steve; out of habit – hanging around the President of the United States does that to you – Tony jumps on his feet as he sees them, but, surprisingly enough, his eyes don’t go looking for Steve’s as he had figured it would happen but focus immediately on Fury’s, and the predominant feeling inside of him now is not relief or joy, but pure, raging anger.
getting old, uh?” he tries to make a joke, but Tony doesn’t laugh or smirk, causing Steve to sigh more deeply than he intended to because the other is the one person who always acknowledges his (mostly vain) attempts to lighten up the mood, even when they’re not funny. So for him to keep his undecipherable silence, it means that he’s lost into his thoughts, definitely not a good sign. “… Tony?” he hears himself calling the other’s name, those four letters sounding a bit
It takes them almost four hours to accept the new arrangement, and it’s only after a couple of shouting matches, a few flying fists and a demonstration in which Tony proves that the backdoor
the Second World War was over – stealing them for the Germans would be my educated guess – and he hid them in a secret location nobody knew about in his own house. The guy is long dead – the world is probably a better place because of it – and we aren’t cops, which brings the question up again: why are we here?”
. “Why are you so damn slow at eating, Rogers?!” he sighs, but as the other is still trying to regain some form of composure he can’t help but smiling at the situation. “This wouldn’t have happened if we had stayed in the restaurant…”
Steve stares at him for a few seconds, his eyes displaying a mix of worry and affection, but ultimately he nods and stands, patting softly Tony’s knee in an understanding gesture. His heart skips a beat, and he holds a sigh in until the door closes behind the man who has just left the room.
“Sure, after 37 hours and 13 minutes you are…”, Tony snickers in a low tone and the next thing Steve hears is the sound of him getting up. “I’m fetching the Doc, don’t even think of abandoning that bed while I’m gone…”
And Tony kisses him again, for real this time. A hand closed on the collar of his suit, he pulls Steve closer and takes his lower lip between his, pulling it gently and sighing softly. When he talks, his voice is sweet and calm, almost a whisper.
?,” he asks, arching a brow in his direction and tilting his head to the side, looking a little like an owl.
Ten minutes go by before he is eventually able to pull himself together and leave Steve’s side, shambling his feet outside the room, his eyes red and swollen, feeling old and weary. The head physician stops talking to a nurse as soon as he sees him and approaches him, looking at him. Tony doesn’t return his gaze, fixed on the pavement.
As during his previous visit, he sits on the edge of the bed next to Steve, and for the longest time he just stays there, almost watching over him, as if afraid some evil creature could suddenly open a portal in the room and snap him away right under his nose.
“Indeed it has…” comes the reply, and before Steve can even think of a response – or explanation – a sound seems to be coming from it, so
Silence follows this revelation. Jessica looks at Carol who looks at Tony who… has to really keep himself in check not to say something extremely sarcastic or stare at Steve in disbelief.
“So I’ve heard. Must say, I was a little offended you didn’t come to see me. I figured, after Strange and Banner I’d be next in line on this side of the ocean at least.”
But then the radio starts spitting out Nat’s voice in brief and broken statics, and Tony understands that no, he wasn’t actually overreaching.
Tony absolutely hates having to sit a mission out, especially when it’s because of some poor ass excuse like he just couldn’t finish the repairs on his suit on time. So what if the cooling is not tested? Or if one of the propellers goes off unexpectedly? There are worst things that can happen, right? But unfortunately for him, that isn’t what the others thought as well, so after a very quick vote, they decided he would remain behind to give them directions and stuff. Which means, he’s bored out of his mind right now, because the team is on its way back after a fully successful operation, and he’s sitting in the control room watching as the jet (painfully) slowly makes its way back to the Tower, a blue dot crossing the map, currently situated over the Atlantic Ocean. He thinks of bringing a project up on one of the side screens, just to make time go by faster, but he knows he’d get distracted anyway, the team’s safety being on top of his concerns at any given time, but especially right now. So what he ends up doing is taking one of Cap’s baseballs to throw it up in the air absentmindedly, eyes promptly shifting on the central monitor between takes.
could look like. For what he can tell, there’s nothing at all here, just the same bottom with corals and seaweed and the occasional fish.
“You good?” Steve asks him once he gets close, and again as some sort of automatic reflex Tony finds himself sliding a hand on the other’s arm, although the suit makes it so awkward that he drops it in a matter of seconds.
know whether the other man has any idea how to use a pager, but for some obscure reason he believes so; and when, five minutes later, the reply comes, it fills his stomach with way more butterflies than he would ever admit out loud: 123.
since I got a decent sleep’s night.” He pauses, taking a sip out of his can of beer, then shoots a side look at Steve: “What about you? What are your plans?”
, in fact, give in to such feelings. Furthermore, being a Stark and having access to a ridiculous amount of money from the start had meant receiving (mainly sexual) attentions from the kind of people those things seem to naturally attract: one night standers, social climbers, gold-diggers of all genders. Put everything together and it’s not all that difficult to understand why a) trusting people doesn’t come easy to him, and b) romantic gestures aren’t really his forte. Nevertheless, he feels like trying to give Steve a sort of traditional date, something that would make him feel at ease and resemble the idea of a romantic evening which used to be in fashion in the late Thirties as much as possible. So he asks FRIDAY the names of the top ten restaurants in New York, picks one with the most varied menu (he still has no idea what the other likes in terms of food, but he doesn’t particularly want to ask him either), books the whole place up for the evening and gives the maître precise instructions as the conduct the staff needs to keep (he puts special emphasis on not making it look like they’re tiptoeing around them or, on the contrary, that they’re just waiting for a word to approach them). The next step is to actually
“Come on, let’s get out of here…” Steve says instead, stretching a hand towards him; Tony blinks, his eyes on the other man now, and stays there for a bunch of moments, trying to see if the words he’s heard actually mean what he thinks they mean. But Steve doesn’t flinch, so eventually he stands up too, catching his hand, letting him lead the way this time.
As he stands on the Capitol on Inauguration Day in a particularly cold and grey morning in mid-January, Tony has to keep his head occupied as much as possible so to not focus on the embarrassing amount of xenophobia, racism ad misogyny that permeates each and every word of the President’s address; it’s nothing new really, just a slightly more elaborate and somewhat refined treatment of the promises on which his whole campaign was based, but knowing that this guy will actually do his best to implement them makes them sound all too scary and real now. Nodding from time to time for the sole benefit of the cameras, Tony can’t help but thinking about Steve, wondering whether he’s watching him right now, maybe taking time out of whatever it is they’re doing overseas, or if he’s in his mind
each of his senses is screaming at him to get the hell out of here as quickly as possible. He shouldn’t have been hanging around this long after returning to the present – once putting all the stones back to where they originally belonged – but he didn’t want to leave without saying goodbye to Pepper, so he took a seat on the front porch and waited for her to put Morgan to bed. That’s another reason why he can’t stay, even if he wanted to. The kid is too much, he actually can’t
But that’s not what Steve does. Instead, he stops, takes his shoes off and nods at him: “C’mon, let’s make a run for it.”
. “Anyway, I believe I owe you an apology. Now, if you were awake you’d stop me right this second and say something like, ‘Forget about it, Tony, it’s water under the bridge’, and I’d jump straight at that because we both know how awkward we get whenever we try to have a conversation about feelings… But seeing you can’t talk right now, I guess this is my chance to finally tell you something I’ve been meaning to for quite a while, but never… um, got around to actually do it.” Yeah, he knows what he wants –
“Yeah, sure thing…” he replies with a slight delay that the hostess doesn’t seem to notice – or mind – and he promptly takes his coat off to pass it over to her, pocketing the pink ticket he gets in return (which, unsurprisingly, also comes with a second, thinner, white paper with a phone number on). He sighs softly to himself, suddenly craving affection from another human being, the close embrace of a warm hug, arms engulfing his body, holding it tight, a small but necessary comfort to remind him that the fight, the long hours, the almost complete isolation, it’s all worth it, in the end, if what you get in return is a free world.
when the truth appears to be so self-evident that it’s kind of impossible to ignore. For the first time, an incredible thought flashes out in his mind: could Steve be feeling the same way he is? Furthermore, would he consider this to be an
, but he puts down the carte all the same and, after a moment of hesitation, he slides it towards the other.
“That was rhetorical, Rogers.” again Tony cuts him off, popping back in for just a second to grab his jacket before starting to walk towards the other’s room, nodding at him to follow. “Lesson number 2: military might have been in fashion back in the day, but now, not so much. Most people actually
“I believe that, because the same thing happened to me.” Steve nods, and there’s a different light in his eyes now, as he slowly comes to realize there’s some truth in those words. Which makes Tony smile again, almost by reflex.
“Yeah, just a sec. I’ve got something for you.” He turns back again, and now there’s a shield in his hands. He gives Steve a soft smile – with maybe the slight hint of embarrassment – as he stretches it forward: “Here. You
“What do you mean, what I’m doing here?” Steve replies, smiling awkwardly as if hearing a joke he doesn’t quite understand. And he doesn’t even know how to further elaborate on that, not at first at least, because the wedding just happened yesterday and it still hasn’t sunk in yet. “We… We’re on holiday…” he says eventually, making up for his laconic answer by squeezing the other body tighter and placing a kiss on his cheek.
The rest of the letters can’t come out of his mouth because, before he realizes it, Steve has quickly filled the distance between them and has pushed him against the wall without caring too much about doing it gently, kissing him with the same hunger Tony has been feeling all along. It takes him around ten seconds to overcome the initial surprise; when he does, he pulls away from the kiss and smirks on Steve’s lips, whispering sneakily on them: “Good try, but I still haven’t heard the words I want to hear and time is up now, so I guess I shall take my leave…”
“Well, if it’s indeed magic that we’re dealing with, it could just be that the passage was invisible or whatever when he was down there. Speaking of, it might be worth going back in, seeing if we’ve missed something. Got to admit, once the suit opened and Anthony came out, the ring wasn’t a priority anymore.”
Tony shivers with anticipation and nods, keeping his eyes on Steve’s and wanting so desperately to grab his own genitals to keep it from pulsating against the other’s waist. But Steve is still holding his hands up together with just one of his, so all that he can do is murmuring something against the palm of the hand on his mouth: “Then what?”
“You know it, Cap,” he replies with a smile, before he adds, giggling: “No running this time, though. I think I’m so full I might collapse if I attempt anything like that after dinner once more.”
He takes them into his hand and admires them for the longest time, keeping quiet, but eventually a rather sad smile forms on his lips and he shakes his head, returning them: “I’d love to, but…”
fail to understand is just how these things work, Stark. And that’s the first big mistake you made in 2016, both of you. Politics… it needs time and patience to be effective, throwing fists around has never solved anything, you should know better.”
say them. “Where am I?,” he then hurriedly adds, shifting his eyes across the three of them. The woman – whom Tony assumes is the actual doctor among them – gives the briefest glance to the man with the eyepatch. The commander in chief, he guesses.
“I’ve never stopped…” he mumbles, the simplicity of his words the only way to express such pure feelings. And although is so terrified of hearing the answer, he
than him and his personal crisis, and all of his progress would be right on thrown out of the window. And so now that Thanos has been defeated and, he hopes, the rest of them alien races leave Earth alone for a while, all he really wants is time alone. To figure out where to go from here. To maybe have a chance of resuming a somewhat normal life. To think about the future.
“Vibranium,” comes the explanation, “Strongest metal on earth, apparently. I remember my father mentioning it in passing, before the War started, and, well, I managed to get my hands on some. Turns out the internet doesn’t care that much if you’re allegedly dead, as long as you can prove you’re… not.”
He’s already out of the room when Steve’s voice reaches him from behind: “Clothes? What are you talking about?”
they would jump on the chance of getting their hands over the precious Iron Man suit. But Steve has spent way too much time filled with regret for not saying no when it needed to be said, or agreeing to shortcuts when it wasn’t really necessary. When he left the Army, he told himself: never again. And a promise is a promise.
,” he teases, rolling on his side and closer to Steve, grabbing the sheet along to cover his body, because now that he’s fully awake the December coldness is making him aware of its presence. “Thought you liked my bum.”
“I can, and I get it,” the other replies, and for a second Steve thinks he has managed to convince him. But then the sentence continues: “You have my solidarity, but it doesn’t change anything. You’re staying.”
Loki’s hand moves again, and this time it’s Steve who ends up against a wall, although the only sound that is heard is the lowest grunt, just as if someone had just patted his shoulder instead. Both Tony and Loki frown at the same time.
he lost consciousness last night, and if what Steve is saying is true, then they’ve both been affected, although he doesn’t understand why whatever it was is over for him now. Maybe they were injected with something, and it’s a matter of time before the effects wear off? But if that’s the case, then how much longer did Steve have to fight on his own?
– this time there’s a new sort of energy in him that needs to be shared, containing all the words and the feelings he wanted to share back in March but just couldn’t, too surprised by the unexpected proposal and too
“In other words… yes.” the being replies, its tone now exasperated as if it was trying to explain a very simple concept to a particularly obtuse kid. Tony doesn’t like that. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have more…
Steve takes a deep sigh, looks away, scratches his chin, fiddles with his hands, anything except interacting with him; then, just when Tony is on the verge of speaking again, he starts talking, albeit at the beginning still not meeting his gaze.
Tony thinks with a hint of sadness, without saying it out loud; instead, he finds himself completely captured by the way Steve is now talking, totally different from just a few seconds ago, as if he was reciting the words of a prayer which gave him the strength to go on, no matter what sorts of problems might come his way. Matter of fact, he gets so deeply fascinated that he even forgets that he wanted to test Steve out by seeing how he’d react when confronted with a sudden change of circumstances. So when he lays his hand upon the other’s after a while, he himself is not quite sure whether he is doing it on purpose or because it just felt like the right thing to do.
– a couple of drops of rain fall on his nose; he looks up, sighing in disappointment, already figuring they’re gonna get completely drenched by the time they make it back home.
, he thinks to himself as he smiles in admiration at her, an exchange that unfortunately doesn’t go unnoticed.
It takes a bit of juggling and a few cuts here and there he would much rather not to make, but he manages to get the money together in less than twenty-four hours; Pepper frowns at this bizarre request and he’s about to tell her the truth, but realizing that could put her in harm’s way should the situation get out of hand, he just goes for the original line he had conjured into his mind, “Trust me on this”, and thankfully she does. After the campaign gets notified of the money, things move so quickly he barely has time to breathe. On Sunday morning, he receives a formal invitation to dinner with the President for the following Tuesday; on Friday, his “generous contribution to make America a winner again” gets announced live on Facebook; a month later, he receives an email with all the detailed tour itinerary leading up to the November 3
“That must be the cheesiest thing ever, Cap…” he giggles softly, shaking his head and crossing his arms over his chest, trying to make himself look more hardcore than he actually is, because he can’t deny that’s actually a very cute gesture coming from him. Especially considering that he probably… “Wait a second. Did you actually
He doesn’t look for Tony, and it seems like Tony doesn’t either, although Steve he’s one hundred per cent sure the other is around. It’s like he can spot his shadow without actually seeing him. From time to time he wonders about the reason for such odd behaviour, but he figures the best thing he can do is leaving the other to it. You can’t make Tony Stark do anything he doesn’t feel like doing.
“It’s the garden, sir. We have just received a delivery of fruit trees that need to be transplanted.”
He should prep the guy – ask for some lube which he surely has somewhere, maybe stroke him a little too, all steps that he knows by heart because of so much experience – but his head is not working properly and his body
“Thank god for shift changing,” the other smirks, taking a seat right where he had been the day - probably days, now that he has been filled in - before. “How are we doing?”
But before he can raise any complains, Steve lifts up a hand to cover his mouth, smiling and shaking his head as if really needed to further underline his point.
There’s a perforating smell of dirt and blood in the air, the light is dimmed and the only sound he hears is the blip of the cardio machine recording Steve’s heart rate. So slow and sporadic that you could think it’s not working at all. Tony takes a deep breath and gets near the bed, his throat growing tighter with each step forward that he takes. The blood from the wounds – how many he’s terrified of actually counting – has irremediably stained the blue and white parts of his uniform, so that now it’s only different shades of red.
When he had glanced back at this secret project of his, he instantly knew what needed to be done. So he tinkered and tinkered, hours on hours spent in his lab, sleepless nights in which coffee was all he required to keep working, on and on until the project was completed. Now it’s incorporated into his reactor, so that nothing
“You underestimate yourself, Captain. Your dossier is thick enough to have your reputation preceding you.”
. Tony feels like he’s suffocating. He can’t spot Steve anymore under all those white coats and that makes everything ten times worse. Then the heart rate machine grows silent, the voices louder and Tony’s ears start ringing as if someone was dragging their sharp fingernails across a smooth surface. He only manages to hear random words: “Cardiac arrest”, “ECG” and “paddles”, followed by ever increasing numbers shouted in the air. He covers his face to try and filter at least some of the noise out, but with little result; soon enough, his own body goes into safe mode and he just stays there, not able to think or move, for god knows how long.
Tony ends the call and leaves the phone on the table, heading to the bathroom and opening the jet for the shower; just as he steps inside the hub, a notification pops up on his laptop informing him that he has just become the new owner of Baccus Island.
– no reason to be even more of a burden that he already feels – and is. So he’s stayed in bed, staring at the time ticking away, total silence in the room – perhaps the most noticeable, painful detail he just can’t ignore – ironically so
“Well, I’ve done what I came here to do, so… I’m gonna go now.” he has to say eventually, to break the impasse, and Steve looks at him flabbergasted, as he couldn’t believe his own ears.
And Steve’s face is what his eyes open up to see, a few hours later. His head is so close to Tony’s that he finds himself staring at the other’s lips again, for a split second even imagining to
Tony shakes his head, frustrated and tired and so wanting to be done with absolutely everything. It’s merely been a few months since he’s got back from his space adventure, but it already feels like a decade.
A veil of silence falls on them, Steve struggling to find something meaningful to say and Tony finding himself wishing he could even just sniff some whiskey. Luckily for them, the waiter comes back with their drinks, and after their glasses are full, Tony is again in control of his feelings.
As hoped, his algorithm works out perfectly fine even at the Pentagon – although for a split second the monitor froze, causing the guard to lift up his glance on him and Tony to wonder whether he should start running already – so, feeling all the better for it, he ends up spending the whole day uploading just about everything in his office to his own cloud. Once he gets back home, he uses the backdoor in the AP system to send the credentials over to Fury. “The game is on…” he says out loud to nobody in the room, leaning back on his chair and observing as the green progress bar slowly fills out in front of his eyes, a weird sense of peace swiftly nesting in his chest.
He stops, shakes his head to himself. He should have known better. Should have guessed that nothing could keep Steve from celebrating their anniversary together, cheesy at it might sound. And that’s not because he’s the romantic kind of guy – he really
“He didn’t have to though. Not with me anyway. Steve… we almost got his best friend killed and the guy still showed up less than a day later wanting to help you. That told me all I needed to know about him.”
It’s only a few days after they get back to Earth – and their bodies and minds are back to function normally – that the subject comes back into Tony’s mind, along with an idea of what their next step should be. So, once he works out the details, he heads to the gym where Steve is busy skipping the rope and, leaning against one of the punching bags, he half-smirks at him to catch his attention.
A month goes by, and after the first couple of weeks of absolute madness and chaos the situation seems to gradually settle down to just ordinary administration, if you can call ‘ordinary’ having to deal with world crisis every other day or trying to come up with ideas as to smuggle your tech inside your office – the Pentagon, unsurprisingly, has one of the best security systems he’s ever seen, and that’s saying a lot. By the end of February, Tony starts to show signs of restlessness: even before becoming an Avenger, staying still had never been a skill he had mastered, his brain constantly needing stimulation and problems to solve, but now that he has a desk he can’t disassemble or destroy, no lab to speak of, and all he does day in and day out is having to
“You’re right, I don’t know what it must feel like to be in your shoes, but losing everything? I’ve been there myself. It sucks and it’s hard but you don’t have to be alone. You have
Tony is far from convinced, but as he sees Steve’s smile he realizes those words are not just meant to soothe him, they are actually
He ends up nodding in the general direction of the door that brings to the restaurant, leading the way just as an excuse to
Steve looks down as a shy smile appears on his lips, and Tony has to resist the impulse of starting to kiss him there and then, because when he smiles like that he can feel his whole body shivering, wanting to be affectionate. But before he loses it, Steve shifts his gaze on him and starts talking.
and never bothered to change the style. Steve leads it to the living room – which features the stuffed head of a buffalo for good measure – and invites him to take a seat on the couch, filling up a glass with what could well be iced lemon tea before handing it over. Tony takes the glass, looks at the yellowy liquid with a mix of bewilderment and amusement for a couple of moments before raising his eyes on Steve, who is now sitting on the armchair next to him, holding a glass himself.
Of course Tony knows it, but the situation was too good not to take full advantage of; he winks at Steve, opening up in a kind grin as adding, just to be on the safe side: “Relax, Winghead, I was just kidding.”
“Sir, I was wondering…” Jarvis’ voice recalls him to the present, and even before the butler can ask his question, Steve already knows he’s going to say yes. Please give me something to do.
“About what?” the other wonders without lifting his eyes from the flowers, completely at ease, and he can tell by his tone he doesn’t actually know what he’s referring to.
“Can’t blame a guy for trying…” he shrugs, going to sit next to him because this way he won’t have to face his eyes at least. “I’m not good at saying goodbye, and this is a… extremely painful one.”
Steve thinks it over just a few seconds – he doesn’t even need that time, his mind is already made – and then shakes his head: “If it’s all okay with you, Nick, I’d like to sit this one out.” Fury doesn’t have to say anything, a glance is all it takes. “I want to be here when Anthony wakes up. He’s gonna need all the support that he can get, and well, I believe I can provide just that. Hank can lead the team, but we’ve been getting better at anticipating each other’s moves so I doubt they’ll need a guide anyway.”
After that day Tony, to put it mildly, seems to disappear from the face of Earth; he leaves his phone with Happy, writes a quick program for FRIDAY so that she can’t be traced not even by the CIA (or the NATO, or the UN), sends the same email out to Strange, Banner and T’Challa asking gently not to get involved or help anyone who might want to get in touch with him. They all give him their word. With Pepper in charge of the Stark Industries and Steve leading the Avengers the only hole left uncovered is Peter, so before taking himself
“Precisely. The Stone is bound to come together again at some point. When that happens, someone will use it, hence setting you free.”
“Things are bad, Tony, and the way it’s happening brings back echoes of the past I thought I’d never hear again. Only this time it’s happening here and I was part of it – of the government anyway, because of the Accords – and I just… I was feeling torn apart between being a soldier and doing what I think is right, it was eating me from the inside out, until I just couldn’t take it anymore. So I jumped at the first chance I got to do something that I knew would properly piss Ross off; he took the bait, said that I either followed the rules or get out, so I walked. Figured I needed a strategy or a plan or something if I wanted to have a shot at this. Which is what I’ve been doing for the past couple of months basically.”
“He’s not here.” he sighs, slightly annoyed, and Tony can’t be upset with him because he’s fully aware of just how
But now it’s the blonde’s turn to be speechless. Staring into the other’s eyes trying to find an answer to his silent question, Steve falls short to get his mind to focus on the voice in his ear. Luckily for him, Tony steps in.
“Sorry, what?” Steve replies, confused and slightly altered, prompting Tony to shoot him a quick, interested glance that unfortunately the other catches, because he turns towards him before he can look away: “Why don’t
“I’ve sent you the location. What’s your ETA?” he asks, looking at the other man who stares back, telling him without words that he’s sorry, he maybe shouldn’t have said anything; but Tony takes his hand and kisses its palm, to say
“Thank you.” Tony replies, but before the words can be heard the conversation has already ended. He sighs heavily, then, without waiting for the time he had established, he gives FRIDAY the command to load the suit. Five minutes later, he’s soaring through the different zones of the atmosphere. In ten, he’s leaving the blue planet behind, feeling as light and free as the very first time he flew in the Iron Man suit.
need to take your friend here to the hospital,” comes the answer, so calm amongst all the chaos that just took place that it sounds weird. Tony hates that word –
This cannot be happening, it surely is just a nightmare, or a hallucination. Or maybe someone is twisting the very fabric of reality so now everything is upside down. It
Tony doesn’t say anything out loud but gives a brief, awkward nod, scratching his ear and having to admit to himself that once you put it this way, his actions don’t exactly line up in a rational way. Not that he doubts they would anyway. Choosing Steve was never the
“Desperate times call for desperate measures.” the other replies quietly, shaking his hand and walking him to the front door before adding: “Avoid using the suit for a while, okay? Just to be on the safe side.”
. It’s a never-ending game of self-blame, full of what-ifs: Sokovia, and Laos, and Berlin, and Siberia and so on. He should stop – has
He can’t quite believe that he’s said all of this out loud, it was supposed to be a conversation between himself, and nothing more. He looks away, not exactly trusting himself to say another word. When he hears Steve standing, his heart skips a beat and he thinks that he’s blown it, that this is it: he has finally revealed himself for the fool he always knew he was.
“Oh, he’s the… half human who leads the Guardians of the Galaxy…” he starts, and then, as looking at the other man’s expression becoming more accentuated: “That’s the team the… talking raccoon is part of, too. And Groot, the tree thingy? I think you met him too. Anyway… Quill said that the Watcher told him I was
, even if he himself doesn’t look at it that way. He sits on the bed, sighing, and that’s when he hits him: the letters. He was about to leave the letters in the fucking drawer.
Jessica underlines that word as to make sure he wouldn’t mistake it, or miss the implication within; and fair, he guesses he deserves it, relationships are definitely not his forte, there’s no need to hide it, but then why exactly he feels like his ears are about to catch fire?
it helps that they’ve known each other for years, and they’re close friends – by the way, never believe someone who says friends can’t become lovers, because that’s just bullshit – but that’s not all there is to it. As it turns out, when Steve is not preoccupied with impressing himself, when he lets his guard down to live in the moment, he can be so much fun to be around. He makes Tony laugh without even having to
“Hey, you agreed, remember? Don’t let people hear that Captain America wants to go back on his word, it could cause a national crisis. Plus, you said it yourself, I am a genius. Come on, don’t pout. Want to grab something to eat?”
“Hey, what happened to my shield?,” he asks, throwing long glances around as if it had been hidden as a game.
why…” the other replies, and if he doesn’t actually roll his eyes he surely comes very close. “I just want to apologize, that was out of order and non-consensual and I shouldn’t have done it.”
“I need to get back…” he mumbles, more to himself that to his audience. He pauses for a second, trying to work the logistics out, then looks at Quill again and does something that he would never have thought he’d do: he asks for help.
anywhere, or that there’s even a bottom or end to be reached. He’s just about to give up and call it off when again, the tiniest flicker of a light catches his attention, and he follows it without hesitation. A couple of minutes later, he emerges in what seems to be a clearing of sorts – although he has no idea whatsoever how such a thing is even
When Fury briefly looks down before continuing, Tony he’s one hundred percent sure he’s not going to like what he’s about to say.
“Welcome to the world of Nick Fury, Mr. Rogers. This is his modus operandi,” the guy with the glasses – Bruce – explains, just before turning his attention back to the man sitting at the head of the table. “Speaking of, why are
Then a hand placidly lands upon his, making his fingers stop their nervous dance, and a gentle voice speaks into his ear – not really a whisper, although it’s got all the softness of one: “It’s going to work, Tony. I
.” Steve gets cut off immediately, and although he can’t see his face, Tony can hear the disappointment and – maybe – sadness in his tone. He’s not making this up. “Let me through, soldier. Before the c—“
Outside it’s started to rain, but he doesn’t even notice as his clothes become damp, his hair soaking wet. The tears that run across his cheeks are undistinguishable from the drops coming from the clouds above. All he can think about is Tony. His body and his smell and his eyes that always seemed to read right through him. His smirks full of tease whenever they were with other people or in public, his genuine and soft smiles that he reserved for him only, in the privacy and safety of their bedroom. It’s time and gestures and moments gone forever, and just because he knows that it doesn’t mean that he’s okay with it, or that it hurts any less. If anything, it’s tearing him from the inside out, driving him to madness at the prospect of never being
And maybe Steve knows that’s not what he meant, because he doesn’t enquire any further, although can’t keep an amused smile out of his face. They walk in silence for a while, side by side, and Tony gets a little lost into his thoughts as looking at the Christmas decorations already up and shining in the streets, although it’s merely the second of December and there are so many catastrophes that could happen before the 25
“Nick, uh… I wasn’t talking about the Avengers, Steve and I… we want to be together.” he eventually manages to say, and it hits him too late that he’s not even one-hundred percent sure Steve feels the same way. Yes, they talked, and yes, they kissed, but from there to be in a relationship there’s an
said to not worry about it.” Tony interrupts him, and now he’s the one grabbing the other’s arm to lead him inside the big, empty room. “I took care of it.” he concludes, smiling satisfied as seeing that the hall is set exactly how he had explained on his call. The lights are dimmed to resemble what he’s figured out to be the general power wattage in the ‘30s; all the round tables are dressed in a large, floor-touching white cotton tablecloth, and upon each of them candles have been lit up, contributing to give a suspended atmosphere to the whole scene. When he sees it, Steve finds himself at loss of words; suddenly, he feels like he’s back to his own time, before the war even started, and it’s quite weird to imagine that period actually existed: he’s got so used to just be seen as a military man that he himself has forgotten he was alive well before the World War Two erupted.
He hangs up without even thanking him. His head is aching but is nothing compared to the sting of dull pain he feels in the left part of his chest.
. It’s kind of in the middle of another project now, and he hates having to leave something hanging when he’s in the midst of something infinitely more exciting.
“Morning, Juan,” he greets him as he sees him getting out of his car and walking over to the gate, keys jingling on his chain, a sound that echoes harshly against the still silence of their surroundings.
Of course, Steve reacts in the only way he possibly can: he freezes up, and stops talking abruptly, right in the middle of a sentence, his eyes throwing not so subtle glances at their two hands joined together.
of refusing them. He closes his eyes, blindly puts the flowers down on the counter so he can wrap his hands around Steve’s neck, keeping him close as if afraid he could just disappear under his nose. He returns the kiss, because he could never refuse, but when Steve tries again he lowers his forehead on the tip of the other’s nose, sighing softly and wishing he could just
“God, Steve, what have you done? Why were you the only one hurt? I bet you pulled some stupid self-sacrificing crap because you thought you’d be fine. What the hell were you thinking, uh? That’s why we have the Hulk on the team! I mean, no offense to Bruce, but the big guy can take an awful lot of hits, I can assure you. But you? You’re like me, and Nat, and Clint, and Sam, you’re
The high-pitched voice of a woman brings him back to the present, and to his plan for the night, which is to dance until his feet hurt and maybe snatch a kiss (or two) on the dance floor. But in order to achieve this, he needs to forget about his work and the war raging outside, at least for a few hours. He can do that, right? He damn
now that he would recognize it in a second. He doesn’t speak a word, just stays there, still, and Tony can’t help but being glad he was found by someone like Steve Rogers.
He has no idea whether that’s actually true or a pathetic attempt of his mind to keep him from panicking. “Hey, can you hear me?” he repeats, eyes fixed on the screen, and in that moment the jet starts moving again, as if nothing had happened. Uh. Maybe it was just thunder or rain or whatever. He slumps back into the chair, his breathing slightly more regular now, as he fights the urge to call out yet again, because if everything is good and the team picks up on how
It’s late at night and he’s about to pass out with his head on the desk – same as it’s happened on both previous days – when a prolonged and low beep awakens him all of a sudden. Eyes still heavy with tiredness, he grunts and yawns at the same time as he rubs them, spinning around in his chair before stopping abruptly as seeing what is actually happening.
is to be close to someone, to share a moment of daily life with them; all the stars, the mysteries of the universe suddenly seem tiny compared to hearing something as simple as a human
to me!” Steve barks at him, his voice so loud that Tony can feel a pang of pain right to his temple.
it is but replying without wasting another second: “The type who likes introvert blondes drinking as if there’s no tomorrow.”
on the Swedish radio. We were in Goteborg for a mission or something – Thor was there too – and one evening there was like a national holiday, there were little tents where people were celebrating with beer and food and you thought it was a good idea to… join in.” Steve giggles, shaking his head at the memory “At one point this song came up and you started dancing around me, much to the locals’ entertainment. I personally wanted to disappear but, you know, it was fun.”
When he makes his way to the hangar, five minutes later than schedule, he finds the rest of the team all waiting for him. He can sense the tension in the air and anticipates a scolding, but his new suit seems to make them forget all about it. Because although the majority of the improvements are
“The deal is… this is not just a present anymore, although it was in the beginning…” he swallows, stretching the box towards Tony who takes it, and, just as he opens it, he hears Steve taking a deep breath before carrying on: “It’s not a ring – it would probably not be safe for you to wear anyway – but it’s a… pledge of my love for you and I was wondering… would you marry me?”
They chuckle at the same time, and Tony nods to him while he starts walking – almost waltzing, actually – looking up at the snowflakes and feeling a weird sense of festiveness springing from the inside, for the first time in
“No. That can’t be.” He moves past the doctor and approaches the bed. Steve is still there, his body warm to the touch. “How long have you tried CPR for?”
He’s right, of course he’s right, and Tony knows it. That’s why it hurts so much to hear it. If it was only an exaggeration or a possibility, he would have a much more solid ground on which to argue, but unfortunately this is not the case. Steve was actually
“Okay, you win…” he whispers on his lips, and the next moment he cups Steve’s face and starts kissing him slowly, to make every second count, because it does.
of the team is over. He plans to have a chat with Carol the next chance he gets – once he’s pulled himself together enough to go through a speech without having to stop and swallow incoming tears – but until then, he feels pretty confident no major threats are going to emerge. After all, beings everywhere are going to be
“Oh, by now I eat anything, really. Although I have to say, I don’t understand half of what’s written on this menu…” he chuckles softly, and Tony has to keep himself in check to not stretch his hand over his.
“Really, Nick? Another muscle-man?” the woman rolls her eyes, and for some weird reason her comment hurts, so much so that he diverts his gaze somewhere else to hide the incipit of a blush.
“Is there a problem?” Tony intercedes, trying to meet Mr. Field’s eyes, but the guy seems settled on ignoring him.
he’s travelling at Speedlight. There is only one small flaw to his plan: because he’s now officially off the grid, he has no way of testing it without the government knowing about it. He’s about 99.9% sure that all of his calculations are correct, and still weirder things have happened in recent years, so he wouldn’t be too surprised if something was wrong. But if you thought that would stop him from going, you’d be sorely mistaken. He
“When did you get back?” she asks him straightaway, but before replying he pulls her in a long, tight hug, which she happily returns, although a bit puzzled.
about this man continues being a mystery to him. Tony wasn’t able to sleep much last night, all riled up from both meeting Steve and what he had told him about the state of things, so of course he had ended up doing what he always did in these situations: working. Only this time he didn’t build a new suit or test a prototype, but went online to try and make some sense out of the whole situation. Eventually tiredness caught up with him and he fell asleep on his desk, waking up with a backache and juggled thoughts in his mind.
Tony nods vaguely, wishing he could focus on whatever Steve has just said but finding it impossible to do, not when his body is in such a disarray of feelings and needs. He lets his crotch go once he’s sure the crucial moment has passed, and forces himself to lift up his glaze on the man in front of him, shaking his head to get rid of the fluster on his face.
.” he hears himself replying eventually, and although he means it one-hundred percent, speaking those words still pains him somehow.
he curses in silence, shaking his head to himself and starting to feel a ridiculously amount of sadness overpowering him, and every bit of self-control he has left. He stands up and circles the bed around so to face Steve as he sits on his heels, swallowing some courage before letting his words out for the very first time since his visits started, hurrying them to prevent his rational side to stop him, because he
As it turns out, the new position comes with a series of obligations and arrangements that need to be fulfilled and cleared before Inauguration Day; when they tell him, Tony doesn’t think much of it, figuring it’s mainly going to be a series of exceptionally boring meetings, reports about world situations he already knows the gist of and a few visits of military camps around the country. Which is exactly what happens… for the first couple of weeks. But as time goes by, the list grows thicker and thicker instead of shorter, for reasons he doesn’t quite get, and before he realizes it hotel suites are once more his standard accommodation as he gets moved from one place to the next, documents on documents are placed almost uninterruptedly under his eyes day in and day out and pretty soon a week turns into four and then into six. He barely notices it when Christmas comes around – he wouldn’t have
Ten days after the meeting in Stockholm and only two after installing the microchip on himself to try it out, Tony takes a jet to the Avengers compound where he’s set to give a presentation about the ‘A.P.P.’ to a total audience of ten people, five of the ‘official team’ (plus Thor, although he’s busy off planet for the time being) and the four reserves (which he was able to personally select after a tiring and long back and forth with the Chief of Staff). As the jet comes to a halt, Tony throws a quick glance outside the window and sighs deeply as staring at the building: he hasn’t set foot in it for more than two years, and although he still owns it and is aware that no structural modifications have been made ever since, he can’t help but feeling slightly uncomfortable barging in like this, as if he was invading someone else’s propriety.
“So I’ve been… playing around with an idea since this shit-show went down, but I need your help to put it in motion, you’re the only one with the… resources and position to do it.”
“Okay, let me get this straight, you got me a… present – let’s call it that, shall we?, – and now you’re gonna give it to me – possibly, if you stop rambling. So, if that’s the case, I don’t understand, what’s the big deal?”
“I won…” Steve chuckles as reaching the entrance, hands on his hips as waiting for Tony, who gets there just a few moments afterwards.
he likes it. Steve stays silent – maybe the only one of his traits still surviving this evening – not even knowing whether he’s enjoying this or not (although if he was able to think right now he would realize that having to ask this question is indicator enough of its answer). It doesn’t matter though – nothing does anymore, maybe never will again – because he’s doing this only out of disgust for himself, no point in hiding the truth. He keeps his eyes shut as he hits Mark’s prostate, sending the guy in what sounds like ecstasy, pace increasing with every thrust – he can’t
“I’m good, thank you for asking. Listen, the President was wondering whether you’d be available for a meeting today, preferably in the morning.”
handsome, so…” he smirks at him as coming to a stop, letting the other man catch up before talking again: “C’mon, go ahead. No judgement passed, nothing off topic. Shoot.”
, Tony feels his ability to keep awake will soon run out, because by now his eyes are incapable of focusing, no matter how hard he tries, and shivers are constantly running all along his limbs.
. Creating bonds that could just as easily be broken… not something he’s fond of. Plus, Steve is his Achilles’ heel, he’s known it for quite some time now, and letting him in has been the single biggest mistake of his life. That’s not gonna happen again, no sir, no matter what, he’s not going to open his heart to St—
For a moment or two Steve just stares back at him, seemingly not knowing what to do with this information – or with the response itself – but then suddenly a new energy appears to get ahold of him and when he talks again he sounds more sure than anything he’s ever said before.
Steve stops now, almost abruptly, which gives him the idea that the other is holding something back. However, investigating it is going to have to wait, because right now he can’t get past the fact
, but even if he tries his best to act normally she can tell something is wrong, so after a couple of days she starts trying to get it out of him. And he wishes he could tell her what is it – he really does – but he feels sharing with your fiancée the belief that you
, because although he talks a lot, that’s just a copying mechanism to put up with all the bullshit he has to constantly hear. “Look, this strategy of yours, I’m not sure how much it’s working” he then says, changing the subject when it’s clear that he’s not going to get any other information regarding Steve. “The president is just not worried. Hell, he barely even acknowledges that these leaks are happening. His one comment is to get things done
Steve looks briefly up as to find something inspiring to say or to remember the lines of a poem he wants to recite, but he’s only pretending and he’s not very good at hiding – nor he particularly
in touch now that they have ways to actually communicate safely and exhorts them to be ready at any given time because it could happen without warning (what exactly, Tony has no idea, but it seemed like a good closing note).
Now it’s Tony’s turn to stare, as he refuses to believe what his ears have just heard. His head is suddenly overwhelmed with questions. What sort of crap is this? How long has he known? Who else does? Why was he okay with Clint and Lang pulling out but not him? Eventually, he focuses on the one that he judges the most pressing: “Goddamn it, Nick, when is it gonna be my turn to be happy? Why does everyone get their chance to lead a normal life but me?”
“Wanna taste it too, blon—“ Tom begins, but he never finishes his sentence as a powerful punch hits his left cheek, sending him against the wall and immediately on the floor, unconscious, and without wasting any time around, Steve launches himself to gain control of the gun fallen nearby, now without an owner.
. He tries to scream away his pain but when he opens his mouth no sound is heard. That’s when he begins to cry, and cry, and cry. Until eventually there are no tears left and he gives in to his exhaustion, holding his knees to his chest.
with it. They’ve never slept together in the literal sense of those words, either of them always making up an excuse after sex to leave, and in the morning it was like nothing happened, they were back to be teammates (and maybe friends, although Tony can’t be sure about using that word). He has thought ever so often to bring the subject up, to have a
. Tony can’t believe his own ears, and as he looks around the room, it seems like he’s not the only one, because everyone else displays the same shocked expression upon their face. Once he gets back home, he drops a message to Fury on their server: “I don’t think this is gonna pan out the way we want it to.”
“Yeah, sure…” the other mumbles, and Tony could have said just about anything at that point and getting the same exact reply.
Spikes of pain vibrate through his whole arm, forcing him to look down to make sure it’s all in one piece still - which obviously, it’s not.
‘Director’, uh? Steve adds the detail to the mental binder of information about this weird situation he’s keeping in his head. It’s rather slim, but hopefully not for long. He nods, gets up and follows the kid into a nearby room. A big, circular table occupies most of it, and on the wall opposite the entrance there’s an immaculate whiteboard. Yep, this is a conference room alright.
; a loud clap of hands arises from the crowd now, getting Tony back to the present and his surroundings, and he forces a smile out as he follows the others off the stage, wishing that this day could be over already.
So when the sadly now familiar stench woke him up this morning, Tony already knew what was expecting him once he opened his eyes. And sure enough, there it was.
Ten minutes later, his bladder empty and his face refreshed – although he can still smell the other man on his body, painful as that is – he gets out of the bathroom, ready to take his leave, when a familiar voice catches him off guard, almost triggering his stealth suit to emerge from his reactor.
death – still don’t know how we escaped that one – and who nearly broke you for good – actually, almost
“That was a nice kiss…” he admits eventually, meeting Tony’s glaze and sighing softly, for a moment all of his anger and frustration disappeared from his words.
matters to attend.” it concludes, and without waiting for an answer he turns away. The moment after it’s just disappeared from their sight.
There’s Tony, sound asleep in the same chair, mouth partially open and snoring in a low murmur, his feet resting on the edge of the bed, leaving a dark mark on the otherwise white sheets.
“Steve, c’mon, you can’t name your A.I. after me, I mean, I’m flattered, but that’s not a great idea…” he replies in all seriousness, because his brain is now dead set on the mission, focusing on it to push the pain in his heart away.
That voice… he would recognize it in a second. He knows whom it belongs to, but how could that be? An explosion – loud, mighty, blinding – comes suddenly to his mind, and he understands at once:
In hindsight, he shouldn’t have yelled at Jarvis this morning, even though it certainly was within his rights to get pissed off at him: this is the third dead mouse his companion left right by his pillow while he was asleep, and today is just Wednesday. Of course, he knew this could (and would) happen, the people at the shelter had told him this particular breed (Turkish Angora) has a high disposition towards hunting, which would become more evident around the sixth month of his life. Still, Tony had thought that maybe he could teach Jarvis some manners, the respect towards other animals,
For a few moments, Steve can’t help but staying still, as if mesmerized by such an unusual view. He has never seen Tony sleeping - at times he has actually wondered if the man even knew the meaning of it - yet what’s even more puzzling, it’s that he’s doing it in a hospital room. His hospital room. But why? Sure, Steve has never spent a night in one - he has rarely had to visit the ER since joining the Avengers - but different people at different times have, and Tony had never spent the night at their side. Must have just fallen asleep, he tells himself, starting to stretch a hand out to wake him up.
“I’m going in. You.” He gestures to the agent who was trying real hard to blend in with the wallpaper, obviously without succeeding. “Make sure this whole floor is free, I don’t want anyone else around, okay? Have I made myself clear?”
“Going for the list like that, without hesitation. Do you assume your date necessarily likes your choice of wine? For all you know, they might not even
, he wonders, and in the comms: “Hey, I’ve got something here. Suit up and follow me, I’m going in.”
to ask Steve all of these questions, but because he knows the other all too well, he’s aware that he
“S-Sorry I’m l-late…” he pants now, once he gets inside, stumbling forward as his knees protest for the impromptu run – although he’s not overweight, Tony really dislikes exercising and tends to do it only once in a while, and even in those cases the good resolution lasts just for an extremely short while. He’s fully aware that sooner or later this aversion is going to come back and kick his ass, but he figures until then, he’s just going to leave it at that.
, including two guys dancing in a music hall without getting called names and beaten up just for being themselves. I enlisted and went through with the Project because I believe in Freedom with the capital F, not because someone
, he tells himself off as he blindly searches for the button to stop that infernal noise, and after he finds it, he slowly rolls out of bed, shuffling his feet along to reach the bathroom. Surely enough, the headache is there, and a quick look at his reflection in the mirror further reveals a few nasty bruises all over his face, one dangerously close to his right eye.
Tony does, still quite puzzled at this whole scene, and can’t help a quiet snicker from escaping his lips as seeing the mistletoe.
“You’re kidding,” he says, although he knows all too well that’s not the case, Steve would never joke around on something like this. But he has to hang on to anything in order to keep the beginning of a panic attack at bay.
“Tony, shut up, will you? I don’t want to hear your non-sense ramblings on Christmas Eve. Which reminds me, I’ve got something for you. Can you close your eyes, please?” But instead of doing that, Steve hears him trying to talk against his hand, so he takes it away, rolling his eyes and cocking a brow: “What is it?”
“Nobody move! We’re not gonna leave until I get my money. So I suggest you start filling up this bag, doll,” he hears Mr. Field say, and although his vision is blurry, he forces himself to stand straight again and try to think of what to do. But no matter how hard his effort, that voice keeps echoing in his ear, making it impossible for him to focus. He blinks to push his dizziness away, and surely enough the gun is still pointed at his face.
Maybe catching up on the weirdness of the whole situation, T’Challa decides it’s a good idea to start the meeting, much to Tony’s relief; but it’s a feeling that doesn’t last very long, because the number one – and maybe only – point on the list regards Namor. Tony wants to disappear.
A shiver slowly runs down his spine, and for a second his worries are as far away as possible, as he realizes just how
, and god, how that word makes him feel sick to his stomach. Luckily for him the moment passes without consequences, he repeats the words just the way he’s supposed to and the ordeal moves on to the person next to him;
Tony has no idea why Steve’s hand is still there, nor why he himself is not moving his own away. It’s like they have both been frozen in the moment, eyes locked into the other’s. And it’s starting to freak Tony out, although he can’t exactly explain why.
“It’s real…” he mumbles, snuffling and pulling himself up to sit on the same spot of the bed he’s sat many times before, not exactly knowing how to say the next part and not entirely sure he wants to do it
. And Steve had appeared to share his same belief, because he had never even tried to bring it up. That is, until five minutes ago.
Silence falls at this point, as they all stand in admiration of the robot in front of their eyes. Before any of them can say or do anything else however, Iron Man surprises them again. This time, it actually
Once they’re back in Steve’s room, Tony tells him without much hinting or half-words to undress, and ignoring Steve’s complain for privacy, he heads towards his wardrobe and opens its doors, inspecting carefully its content. To put it gently, it’s out of fashion. To tell the truth, the sight only is plain unbearable: most of his clothes are gym pants and t-shirts, and the few complete outfits he manages to spot seem to have been in this closet for the vast majority of the past two decades. Oh yeah, this is going to be much harder than anticipated. For a wild moment, he even entertains the idea of lending him some of
– but still doesn’t think he is, because there’s a subtext out in the open which is kind of hard to ignore.
“Where the hell do you think you’re going, Captain?” Fury follows him, planting himself in front of them.
Tony takes a deep sigh, looking down: “My lab…” he admits, because he just doesn’t see the point in lying, and besides, he has made the other a promise to not keep things from him ever again, so why would he start now?
. Because you see, things are complicated and always will be, we’re superheroes, that’s what our lives are
the Steve he knows to be honest, because it’s been so long since they’ve had what you’d call a night off, and even longer since they’ve had one
Tony opens his mouth to reply – what it might come out of it he has no idea – but he’s so mesmerized by Steve’s words that no sound comes out. They stare into each other’s eyes for what it seems like an eternity, then just about when Tony is starting to formulate something resembling a coherent thought, a hooded, floating figure appears in front of their eyes, literally out of nowhere.
“Yeah. He called to try and convince me to stop you. And I told him that he should let you do your thing.”
He stops now, looks down and hides his face behind his arm, the tears that are crossing his cheeks seem to freeze immediately as they come out, burning against his skin like if they were made of fire, and maybe in a way they really are, at least that would explain why exactly they hurt so fucking much. It’s been a year already, and sometimes he can’t believe it because it feels just like yesterday that Tony was alive and smirking at him, daring to kiss him in front of the team if he was indeed as brave as he was always saying he was, both of them tired of keeping a secret that everybody else around them knew about anyway. And so he had, and people had clapped, and Tony had kept him there on his lips and whispered how much he loved him, and in that moment he had believed it really was worth it. But then other times he would give himself panic attacks when he thought he couldn’t remember Tony’s voice, or the sound of his laughter, or the way he’d caught the brunet staring at him for no particular reason, how he’d smile and look away, pretending to be embarrassed to have been caught whereas both of them knew he couldn’t care less. And maybe it’s this, more than anything else, what has been proving to be  the most difficult part of it all, because it’s like time now is so bent over than doesn’t make any sense anymore, and for someone who was
“Duck!” he screams again, and this time Steve looks around before he actually replies, because he can’t make sense of what his ears are hearing; when he sees him, trembling but asleep, he shakes him gently, talking in a soft voice.
Mark giggles. It’s a nice sound – not too high-pitched, not too loud, and it makes his eyes smile too. Still, it doesn’t fill Steve’s heart like it’s supposed to.
. Too painful. As the hours start piling up and he keeps drinking, as he watches Bucky and Sam making their way to the dance floor, as the club slowly but steadily becomes more and more packed, Steve can feel his body starting to protest, almost aching for a contact that has been missing for far too long – he doesn’t even want to
The frown on his face grows deeper as he takes up speed, and he lands in what seems to be an open field around five minutes later. He steps out of the suit and takes a deep breath, the terrestrial air invading his lungs straightaway, making him feel like he’s inhaling for the very first time; polluted as it is, it still feels
“See? This is how I know I have the right person for this job,” the other says, and, much to Steve’s surprise, the smile that accompanies these word is even wider than the one before.
. Legend has it the automaton helped secure important wins for the Allies. Some even claim Iron Man is the main reason why we won the war,” Fury explains, and although his tone is neutral as it can be, Steve knows the rest of them can’t believe he wasn’t aware the automaton really existed . “Anyway,” the Director then carries on, possibly to keep further sarcastic remarks at bay, “the point is, according to Namor, the Iron Man had indeed tracked down the location of the tenth ring and was in the process of retrieving it when someone crept up on him. The ring and the robot were lost, and every attempt to find them again has been pointless ever since. Namor promised Stark not to divulge these details to anyone in exchange for silence about Atlantis’ existence. Of course, seventy years later those concerns have no reason to be, and Loki’s power would threat his kingdom too, hence why he’s been extra… collaborative on this matter.”
wedding), no band, no bells, no kids screaming, no mothers crying, no fathers still in their posture trying so hard to not let their feelings out – nothing that people normally associate with a wedding. Even the party – again, if you can call a party one involving five people who are more or less used to hang out with each other in daily life, at least when there was still a shade of such a thing – is not much a celebration of them getting married but rather a much needed roundtable about the current state of affairs. “I hope you’ll trust me more now, Sam…” Tony remarks at one point, knowing all too well that he’s definitely not one of Wilson’s favorite people, not by a long shot – “Perhaps”, comes the elusive reply, and he has to really force himself to not start an argument right there, just for Steve’s sake.
“Okay, so, remember: relax, breathe, and try to have a good time, okay? This is not a test.” Tony says, standing in front of him and fixing the handkerchief in Steve’s jacket so that it looks right. They’re just outside the restaurant, slightly later than expected because Steve spent an awful long time combing his hair in what he called a “presentable way”, just another synonym for his impossibly perfectly parted military style. The moment Tony laid eyes on him, he reached out to it and without a single word of warning he messed it up with a swift movement of his hand, much to Steve’s horror, so that it now looks like someone who didn’t have time to dry his hair after coming out of the shower – exactly the look Tony was going for.
, he thinks, astonished at how it’s still intact and feeling an involuntary smile creeping up on his lips.
Steve to the restaurant, not a task as easy as it should be when you’re dealing with a) a paranoid person, and b) someone who self-exiled themselves in the middle of nowhere. He thinks about the problem for a while, and in the end he decides to follow his first instinct.
Steve mouths a ‘thank you’ before closing his eyes, and Tony leaves a kiss on his cheek, grateful for not having to provide further explanation. He wouldn’t have wanted to say that he’s so scared of seeing him slipping away right in front of his eyes that he figured, if he just held him tight, Death wouldn’t manage to steal him away from him. And not because he believes he’s invincible or what – if today proved anything is that nobody really is, at the end of the day – but because don’t they say that love conquers all? Soppy as it is, Tony hopes with everything he’s got that it’s true. The alternative is too terrifying for him to even think about it.
, Steve.” His gaze momentarily shifts down on his empty glass, caught in a sad reminiscence. “I’m your best friend, right? Don’t want you to replicate my same mistakes.”
, he’s about to say, but stops just in time as he realizes how childish he would sound. He comments on the second statement instead: “Yeah, well, it didn’t seem
He had noticed how Steve had tensed up hearing his words, but, just as him, he decides to let it go for now: “Dating 101. You don’t sleep with someone
A few steps away, Rhodey stops abruptly, turns around and goes back up the stairs, fully knowing his friend is going to be real mad at him later. But he refuses to be in the middle of whatever this is going to turn out, whether a make-out, make-up session or another stubborn superhero civil war. One was enough for a lifetime, as long as he’s concerned.
…” Tony hears himself replying as he forces himself to finally look away from Steve’s eyes, having stared into them for the past minute or so.
“See, it’s not that hard, Captain. You can manage from here,” he says eventually, giving him a pat on his shoulder before concentrating on the food in front of him, wondering what the hell did just get into him.
“So?” he solicits, looking at him even if the other’s stare is fixed on the pavement in an attempt to make up his mind
, but overall I do feel I have a responsibility towards people to protect the planet, and I just think… I just think it’s an unfair situation, to both of us. To me, because it’s not my fault I feel this way, and although I
“I present to you, the tenth ring,” he explains, giving him a warm smile as he lifts up the cylinder so that the other can see it better. Steve’s hand stretches towards it to touch it, only before it can a loud whizz erupts inside the room, and time the three of them turn around, a portal appears right in front of their surprised eyes.
“You… don’t need to do that,” Steve explains, an awkward smile on his lips now, because he really hates it when people do it with him, it makes him… uncomfortable, as being called ‘captain’ does. Sixteen-year old him would have loved it, but sixteen-year old him was idealistic and stupid and believed in the army. It had been his dream since his mother had died, two years earlier, maybe because he felt he could actually make a difference, or at least
. As I said, I’m merely the keeper. It’s the Stone the one that decides who comes and who goes. And the Stone demands a sacrifice every single time it gets used.”
“I can just go…” replies Tony, hiding his own amusement from the tone of his voice. He likes to play this game with him, no matter how many times it happens.
Tony nods, kind of understanding. Politics have never made any sense to him, and this sounds just like more of the same. Names change but nothing
“Yeah, no shit, you started running while I was still taking my shoes off. That ain’t fair, Rogers.” he answers, slightly short of breath, throwing his head back to try and regain some.
…” he smirks, giggling again as seeing the very puzzled expression on the other’s face, pulling him towards the big villa that is now in front of them.
As per usual, Tony didn’t just order a few trees, but what it seems like enough to start his own fruit company. And, as eager as Steve is to be doing something useful, he doesn’t know a thing about plants, or flowers, or anything green. After the delivery guy drops off the cargo - a grand total of 72 baby trees, or whatever they are called - Jarvis tasks Steve with digging holes for them about 20 feet apart, which, having an arm still trapped inside the cast, takes him all morning.
“Woah, slow down, Stark. I didn’t recruit nobody, they did that themselves. Find each other on the internet. That’s how I came across them. They need structure, they need rules, but most of all, they need someone to give them a direction.”
compared to the fancy, old fashioned idea he had come up with. Maybe because they’ve been in this situation before, casually hanging out after a mission or on a day off, taking a walk just as they were devouring junk food, too hungry and exhausted to be bothered to go back to the Tower before putting something in their stomach. So, although they’re not in their suits and their bodies are not aching because of bruises and broken bones, this is familiar enough to be
“I don’t actually know, I’m just enjoying the retired life, for now at least. Need time to figure out how I can be of service to the country again, because at the moment, it feels everything is just a big mess and I don’t recognize it anymore.” Steve sighs, shaking his head (more to himself than to Tony) and looking at the dark water on his left/ “But I’m good, I’m finally able to do what I wish I had the chance of doing when SHIELD fished me out of the ice.” Steve as feeling the other’s glance on himself: “Taking it easy.”
by it – and when he opens his visor he finds himself surrounded, for the first time in who knows how long, by more or less familiar faces. It happens so suddenly and unexpectedly that for a good minute Tony thinks this is just an hallucination.
“That’s bullshit, Rogers, and you fucking know it!” he replies, turning to face him again, and much to his surprise he finds the other mere inches away from him. How – and when – did it happen? He hasn’t heard him coming closer, and is not prepared to face him at such short distance. He
, Tony can’t help but thinking, although he’s not quite sure just how much he could have done in that situation.
It’s cold out here, and Tony doesn’t like it one bit. He reminds him too much of the South Pole and his last… adventure, the one that changed everything.
“Woah, okay, let me stop you right there,” Tony sighs, shaking his head and holding up his palm for good measure. “First of all, just because I can see you’re actually concerned, someone oughta keep an eye on him, and I see no other volunteers, so...” he shrugs in quite the self-explanatory way:
Tony blinks with surprise and just stares at the face on the screen. He’s totally sure he hasn’t mentioned it to
“What the…” he begins, but as his eyes open abruptly and quickly double in size, his mouth refuses to emit any sound at all – and it’s possibly better this way as the last thing Tony wants is for Steve to wake up everyone else in the Tower. Still, finally seeing those blue-grey eyes fills his heart with all sorts of emotions, some too strong to hold back, so before he knows it tears are streaming down his face, and he ends up falling backwards, his back hitting the floor with a silent thud. For his part, Steve is still shocked, staring down at Tony in disbelief, trying to put together the vague resemblance of a sentence. “How is this… possible? Am I… Is this a dream?”
about this?” it’s her one comment, in reference to Tony, who has by now had enough of being addressed as if he wasn’t in the actual room with them, and is about to reply accordingly when – you’ve guessed it – Steve beats him to it.
A silent nod pervades the circle, and just like that a bulb goes off into Steve’s brain, the link so clear that he can’t believe he didn’t make it on the spot. Iron Man. Of course. That’s why the Stark name sounded so familiar. After his father disappeared, his mum had to pick up extra shifts at the diner in order to put enough food on the table, which meant Steve spent a lot of time either at home alone or sitting in one of the restaurant booths reading. They couldn’t afford proper kids’ books, or TV, so when he came across a box full of old comics outside a house with a white fence – the piece of paper on top of it said ‘Free to a good home’ – Steve didn’t hesitate for one second and picked up the heavy container carrying it back home. When he opened it, he found hundreds of comic books inside. The title on the vast majority of them said: Iron Man.
“So your real name is ‘Tony’, uh? Suits you better, if you ask me,” the other replies, smiling a bit as he puts the paper away into his pocket before moving towards the desk near the window, bending over it to – Tony hopes – write his own number down for him.
“He’s much more than that, Janet.” Fury explains, although his comment seems to be irrelevant, because it’s hard not to notice
“Technically it’s the US, yes, but given it’s my signature – and my money – on the ‘Avengers Protocol’…” he shrugs, and not for the first time he wonders whether people are actually going to to believe he was indeed a mole once the plan goes down, because every now and then Thanos’ words come back to haunt him, particularly that
III. As if pushed by an invisible force, after that night Tony finds himself visiting Steve’s room more regularly, usually once a week; every time, he lies down next to him without touching him, his eyes transfixed on him, trying to absorb every little movement, every breath, every tiny, involuntary twitch: to feel again what once was real, and not just a faulty, sad copy of a long lost time. It’s during one of these visits that his eyes randomly fall upon the calendar on the wall – Steve has never learned to get along with the one in his phone, so he keeps using the traditional method – specifically on a date with a few red circles around it: 31
“You can’t be serious…” Rhodey looks mesmerized at his friend, shaking his head: “What, are you stalking him now?”
wrong.” Steve replies, and Tony he’s glad that he doesn’t turn in his direction because right now he’s not actually sure he could handle it, not when his brain is a whirlwind of thoughts.
Not to sound cliché, or corny, or cheesy, or all of them put together, but this is by far the finest date he’s ever had, even if it’s a fake one. And yes,
“You’ve mistaken me for my twin brother…” Tony replies, and just like that the spell is over, the other’s walls are back up as they always are. Steve sighs whilst leaning back against the pillows, and watches with slight amusement the comical sketch that ensues. After Tony is made to leave - he suspects it is for good this time - the nurse, whose name is Sarah, asks him a few questions about any pain, whether he’d like something to eat or drink, and how he feels on a general level. He replies politely, reassuring her a couple of times that the visit didn’t disturb him at all, but his mind is someplace else, rewinding the mostly one-sided conversation he just had with Tony. All throughout, there had been a lingering feeling in his words, but it was so well-hidden that he couldn’t name it, not exactly. He’s thinking about guilt, remorse, sadness, impotence maybe, but neither of them quite cuts it. There’s more.
against the wall by a guy who Steve feels could easily have the upper hand with him in a fight – and that’s saying a lot.
“Well, I can barely remember all the stuff you told me last time, I don’t want to embarrass you or make a fool of myself…”
“Your hand is all sticky…” Steve complains, taking a breather and giggling softly, his eyes fixed on Tony’s lips for a second before meeting his eyes. “Tell me you have a flat in Manhattan…”
“Hey, listen to me. We got into a fight last night, while we were at the shelter. I went out to check something on my phone – the signal is atrocious in there – and then I saw these guys trying to sell drugs to a kid, so I tried to stop them, but… well, I’m quite sure they were Inhumans – or maybe Skrulls, I don’t know – because their punches…” he shakes his head to himself and takes a breath, mostly because he’s been talking like in apnea and now he’s slightly panting. He looks at Steve, hoping his rambling made it clear he isn’t
Steve shakes his head and giggles again, putting down the menu and glancing over to him, his eyes seemingly reading right through his mind.
“It’s a long story, you’ll get filled in sooner or later, but anyway. Space is not your place. Earth is. It’s been over a year, it’s time.”
Steve doesn’t have any first hand experience with the gay scene – not just because he hates labels, but mostly because he’s never needed to, as people he’s been intimate with… well,
Tony stares flabbergasted at the screen. It’s his suit alright, that’s undeniable. Down to the colors and everything. But what is it
Tony wasn’t expecting anything like this, and is so flabbergasted that he seems to have forgotten how to form a logical sentence in his brain, so all he does is nodding at Steve’s request, blabbering along: “Y-Yes, sure, what is it?”
Steve snuffs, really wishing the guy hadn’t touched his drink without asking – he doesn’t know why it bothers him, but it really does – and swallows the rest of the liquid to prevent both answering the question and the accident to happen a second time. Mark gives him a long glance, and just as Steve is about to take his leave the guy grabs his hand and pulls it to make him stand up.
“Thanks,” Steve nods, although not quite sure why, maybe to try and put the kid more at ease. But if that was indeed his intention, it fails miserably, because in his eyes there’s a hint of embarrassment now, for some reason unknown to him.
Fury seems to think it over for a couple of seconds, then eventually nods in agreement: “Very well. I’ll put Hank at the helm then. I’m sure he’ll be thrilled.”
“Fine, whatever,” Tony eventually sighs, waving a hand as to shoo an annoying mosquito, “Go back to the base. But to one condition: you’re not suiting up until I can see the serum is working properly again. Take it or leave it.”
The other man gives him a nod – maybe to apologize that it had to come to this, maybe to tell him that he understands his struggle, you can never know for sure what’s in his thoughts – and then starts explaining the plan, which he has codenamed ‘TJ’ (Trojan Horse); it’s painfully simple and that’s its best quality, as the most effective strategies are; plus, it doesn’t involve a lot of people, which cuts down the possibilities of leaks and moles to almost zero.
“I-I’m going back to sleep,” he murmurs eventually, slowly walking all around Steve in a circumference so big that he almost touches the walls all around.
“I wasn’t,” Steve explains, sighing and turning on his back now, “Just processing whatever happened down there. Sometimes you forget that this is all still new to me.”
“There is a matter I could really use your help with. Master Stark told me that you can’t make a lot of physical effort…”“That’s not true…” he sighs, but the butler doesn’t seem to take any notice.
“How do you conclude a date, Steve?” he answers, the tone of someone who’s explaining how addition works to a three year old. “Let’s say you’ve walked me home or whatever. You’ve enjoyed this person’s company and would like to see them again. Put this into action.”
here, but still Tony can tell this is not the first time he has come to this place, which makes him think that maybe it’s just appearances, the guy might just be the best dancer in the room just waiting for a good enough suitor to claim as his companion for the evening. He smirks gently at this thought, and – never the person to back down from a challenge, even a self-imposed one – he decides to go and say hi, introduce himself, finding out whether or not he was correct in his assumptions.
“Tom, what the fuck are you doing!?” Mr. Field screams, making a one hundred eighty turn that sends the gun in his hand so close to Tony’s nose that he can smell the metal.
“Can’t. Have to see Fury tomorrow morning. I wouldn’t be able to get back in time and it seems I’ve got even more catching up to do than anticipated.”
“…” he sighs quietly, and tries to remember when it was the last time that someone had turned him into such a big emotional mess. Oh yeah, it was Steve
But before he can finish his sentence, Mr. Field takes out a .9mm gun from the inside of his jacket and directs it towards Miss Goodwin, who emits a loud shriek of fear and surprise, followed almost immediately by several others once people realize what caused it.
Rhodey nods and doesn’t ask why he did it or what’s their content, and Tony is glad he doesn’t. He’s military after all, he knows how these things go.
“Warmer now, thank you,” are the first words to come out of his mouth, although he had no intention to
the other man could look when he set his mind to it and ditched his soldier clothes for a more mundane look. Unsurprisingly, the main color is blue, but he has somehow managed to coordinate different shades of it: the dark blue of his trousers is the perfect balance to the pale blue of his polo shirt, and Tony just can’t believe he didn’t have any help picking this outfit up, or that he insists on wearing tracksuits and plain t-shirts so much when he looks so…
“Um, you… you seem uncomfortable in that chair, sir, would you like to… eh, go to the conference room perhaps? You’re early but Director Fury won’t be long, he’s always on time.”
Tony nods, forces himself to empty his glass and then stands up, stretching and sighing as hearing his body complaining about the sudden movement; another factor he hadn’t weighted in – and he really should have – is just how much effort spending time in space would reflect on his physique, once he got back, especially considering all the strain it has already been through in the past decade.
You don’t really have a say in this, Steve would like to answer, but out loud he just shrugs in agreement: “Sounds good to me. You’re a genius, it won’t take you long to figure it out.”
when I lost consciousness!” Tony exclaims, now properly sitting up on the bed. He feels weak as hell but he can’t just lie there while one of the most powerful object ever known to mankind is far from being in safe hands, whomever they might be. “Where’s my suit?”
“Blow me,” he then hears his own voice demanding, almost muttered between his teeth, as if it was a challenge.
“Sorry, didn’t mean to scare you…” he apologizes, a small smile on his lips to hide the beginning of a giggle.
be, right? He is no faggot – crap, he shouldn’t use that word, he’s read that it’s considered offensive today, but it’s hard to break old habits – so there’s no point in giving Steve false hope that something like that could ever happen again. It
“Yeah, well, I wasn’t in the mood.” Tony mutters, and by god, he wishes people would just stop hold up his past decisions against him every single chance they get.
in a casual business attire. He is so mesmerized that for a bunch of seconds his mouth is simply paralyzed and he stands there, looking at Steve, not exactly knowing what to say except for the one thought that keeps buzzing into his head:
Slowly but surely, a light bulb switches on in Steve’s brain, and he nods, standing up: “Oh, right. Yes, sorry, I’d all forgot about that. I didn’t assume you’d still be up for it though.”
. But don’t worry, I’m not gonna withhold my logistic support or stop paying for everything else, the US government has still time to figure that part out. That’s what you were most concerned about, isn’t it?”
Tony smirks, and even before he answers, Steve knows his sense of victory had been hugely misplaced.
Fury had to wait for his return to kick off this plan of his; no matter how hard he had tried for more than a decade to shake his legacy and his trademark off himself, what with saving the world and redirecting resources to other causes, the name Stark still meant one thing only to people with power and/or money: weapons. If you get Stark, you automatically get his Industries, no matter what purpose he claims they are being used for right now; chances are it’s only a front cover, something to keep the hippies in California happy. Don’t let the Merchant of Death fool you too.
“I’m not, you’re unusually… up in your head today. It’s like you’re here physically, but your mind is somewhere else.”
“Maybe not force, just… something else. I don’t know, organized protests. Like, constantly. I think the main problem is that the public is just not engaged anymore. A lot of people have stopped reading newspapers about a decade ago. And anything on TV nowadays is just a matching scream between any two opposite sides.”
- he’s fully aware of this even if he would never say it out loud, especially not to him - so for once that their roles are reversed, the chance is too big to pass over. “You... I think should aim for 7 at least. You’re Captain America after all.”
“Hard to say, depending on how the reception is once it’s pointed down and how far from here it is. But I guess enough for us to go back to sleep. Sorry about the wall by the way. Loki really didn’t need to do such a mess.”
“I am, but I understand now why I barely ever make it to a second date…” the other giggles, and if he’s noticed Tony’s move, he doesn’t show it nor comments on it.
. When he’s one-hundred percent sure that’s not the case, he runs his fingers through his hair – which is now a chaotic and greasy mess on top of his head, dry, knotty and in dire need of conditioner – and stares at his own reflection with a mixture of sadness and rejection, one more time resisting the urge to punch it. He takes a shower for the first time in over a week – the blood from yesterday’s fight had spilled all over his white t-shirt and, left unwashed, had consequently dried up and begun to give off a faux smell, one he simply couldn’t ignore it even if he wanted to – then he sits on the bed again (in the same exact spot Tony had sit mere hours before, although Steve couldn’t possibly know that), takes a small notebook from the drawer of his nightstand and traces a simple, small line next to many others. He counts them from the beginning as he does every single morning, then shakes his head and closes briefly his eyes as murmuring to himself: “One-hundred, seventy-nine days… Sam keeps telling me it’ll get better but at this point I’m starting to think it never will. I don’t know what to do.” He closes the notebook, puts it back where it belongs and, with what seems like an extreme effort, he stands up and goes to the wardrobe to take a clean outfit out. There’s a picture of him with Tony taped on the inside of one of the doors, and as he gets dressed his eyes are fixed on it, as if by doing that he could actually communicate with the other. “I hope you have a good day, Tony, wherever you might be…” he whispers to it once he’s fully dressed, giving a soft knock on the wood as he always does – something his mum taught him as a kid, although he can’t really remember what good that’s supposed to do – before closing the closet and dragging his feet out of his room, another whole day in front of him, another whole day in which he’ll try not to get killed by some super villain, even though as time goes by he finds himself wondering more and more if giving up wouldn’t actually be better.
to share this secret with someone who wouldn’t just return a blank, unimpressed stare back at him, and Rhodey… well, he’s his best friend.
, which in my opinion really is, so I’m certain the sofa would be great even if it didn’t… turn into a bed? – however that works.”
There’s more unsaid that said in that one sentence, and it doesn’t take a genius to figure out what the underlining is: this is too good to be true, it could well be a trap of some kind. That’s just what Washington is mainly about, after all. And it’s only now that Tony finally gets just
, but then again, I guess the times weren’t right for a while. Anyway, I figured if I told you, you would become even more paranoid—“
He has no idea what to make of whatever is going on, so he nods vaguely and pulls himself up, leaning back against the headboard and looking at his companion with a half amused, half puzzled expression: “Sure…”
“I… don’t think I’m following your line of thoughts right now but that was nice…” Tony sighs softly after a few seconds, and even though he doesn’t fully realize this, a smile is flashing all across his face. “Was that it? Can I open my eyes now?”
than a demi-god. Wasn’t that exactly what his father used to repeat to him all the time, ever since he was a kid? Maybe the old man was right after all. Maybe he was just an arrogant jerk.
“… Oh.” It’s all Steve says in response, feeling quite dull right now, having weird flashbacks to the faraway time before he became Captain America when this kind of embarrassment was an ordinary event in his life. He doesn’t exactly know why this stuff is so damn hard for him, and wonders why Tony’s influence is not having a better effect. If anything, it seems to be making things
,” he remarks, finally standing up to approach the metal bars of his tiny cell. It’s been just an hour since he
He has tons of objections to this plan. One, he’s not a person who runs. Two, jogging in chinos? Highly unadvisable. Plus, sweat? That’s disgusting, and not much better than polluted water for his clothes. But just as he’s getting ready to put these thoughts into a sentence that the other can actually relate to, Steve starts sprinting, leaving him no other choice than to follow him, albeit amongst grunts of protest.
But he can’t. Frustrated, he leans back against the chair and turns to look at Steve, who’s holding the two chopsticks in the palm of his right hand, studying them as they were hiding some deep secret behind their natural appearance.
, he ponders, but that’s a question that won’t get an answer. He lifts a hand up, moves some of the blond hair out of Steve’s forehead, sighing quietly as doing so, because his skin is cold and sweaty and Tony knows it’s not a good sign. He stays there, still and mute, and doesn’t even know how much time passes before he starts rambling, more to himself than to Steve really, because at this point he’s very much sure the other is passed out. Nobody
, he asks himself, but of course looking back at it now he can see the signs popping up at more and more increasing speed ever since early 2016, four years ago. Damn, the Accords themselves could easily be inserted in this same narrative of fear and xenophobia.
Steve lifts up his eyes to meet the much younger ones now in front of him. They belong to a kid who he estimates can’t be more than nineteen years old, although he looks about thirteen.
Tony smiles back and goes sitting on the other’s chair, but doesn’t get the (really subtle) hint behind the invitation and he’s about to keep the conversation going when Steve pulls himself up to a normal sitting position and starts kissing him gently, a hand on his cheek and the other on his.
“Are you gonna invite me in or…?” he eventually asks, and good lord, his voice seems to be squawking out of his throat. He’s positive he’s never felt more stupid than in this precise moment.
Tony is barely managing to not burst into laughter the more Rhodey goes on talking, and in a way he doesn’t want him to stop, because it sounds so funny the way he’s trying to make sense of it and how he’s still doing his best to be a supportive friend albeit he doesn’t consider it a smart move. He loves him so much.
. Rendezvous is at SHIELD Headquarters in two hours. The ring is in the Gansu province in Northwest China. We’ve got it down to a ten-mile radius, should be re—“
Tony sighs, rubbing his forehead and looking away to hide the embarrassment he’s feeling. Because yeah, normally he doesn’t use first names, especially not for
Steve sighs but doesn’t add anything else, mostly because he doesn’t have the energy to argue, but also because he seems to enjoy the other man’s dedication, or at least that’s what Tony hopes.
, so he’d say the right words, maybe whispering them softly into his ear while his fingers run through his hair, making him feel safe in a way that nobody else has every managed before.
He stops, eventually. Short of breath, he looks up to the sky and screams out all of his pain before collapsing on his knees and taking his head into the palm of his hands.
“Ah-ha, you’re so hilarious, Tony, really…” Steve mocks him, but it’s crystal clear that he’s all too glad (and also a bit relieved) that the other is still interested, although he ignores exactly why.
so it needs to go”), followed by a trip to the busiest mall he’s ever seen in recent years (“We knew you’d be paranoid about people recognizing you”) because apparently he needs some “more cheerful clothes”, as the two of them put it. He’d like to say he doesn’t
don’t use your hammer. Help me see if we can move it from this position…” Steve explains as he approaches the front of the suit again, trying to set aside his awe. After all, he is still on the job. He can daydream about this once the mission is complete. When Thor is positioned behind it, Steve starts pushing the automaton backwards, and although it’s heavier than it looks, after a minute or so they both seem to get the hang on it. With a few extra maneuvers they get it to an upright position, and oddly enough, the Iron Man
The man gestures toward a couch on the side that he hadn’t noticed yet as is kind of hidden away at first sight; Tony would prefer to stand, or at least to sit normally, each of them at the opposite sides of the desk, but he has no alternative except following the lead.
everything in the room is. He’s seen a few hospitals in recent years – mostly British, but also some field ones – and none ever remotely resembled this. And it’s not only about the environment around him either. It’s also the fact that he’s
. He nods at Steve so he can go first, sure that if he was to open his mouth again the other would do just the same.
It’s the definitive way in which Tony is saying these words that’s now annoying him. He’s talking like he is his boss, which he isn’t. He’s talking like he was his father, which again, he isn’t. And he’s talking like he’s someone concerned about him, which... That makes him pause. They have been known each other for a few years now, and their relationship has always maintained itself on a strictly work level. Tony likes parties and loudness and crowds, whilst Steve prefers to have few friends over, a pizza and a beer. Moreover, when they’re not working, Tony is seldom around, and Steve can’t recall him attending any of the Friday evenings at the pub he and the rest of the Avengers enjoy on a weekly basis. In other words, he can’t figure out why his wellbeing would be of any concern to the other, besides from a merely working point of view.
He lets her go, and she invites him to sit down; Tony lets himself go on one of the chairs, the exhaustion of a long day catching up on him – although he has no way of measuring how long he has actually been awake for by now.
Fury nods and takes the pen, storing it safely away in the pocket of his jacket, then stands up and stretches a hand towards Tony, who reluctantly shakes it, still quite pissed at him.
“I need to take a break, Pep. From everything. Iron Man, the company, us… I’ve realized the past… ten years of my life have been an absurd rollercoaster of events and I’ve dragged you down with me more times than I would have liked to because you were always there by my side to help me out in a way or another… And I kept telling myself than once the latest emergency was over,  I would take a step back to understand what was my endgame, but then of course things kept happening over and over and I just couldn’t stop, so I went along with it. But now… now it seems the time has finally come, and I need to do this if I’m ever gonna be…
“It’s time for lunch, sir,” he replies in a tone of voice that makes it sound like any extra explanation would be superfluous.
“Woah, slow down. We’re not even in New York, not yet. Plus, we still have a mission to complete. I said I won’t be joining the others, but that doesn’t mean I—“
“Yeah, it’s a recent… development, so to speak. They’re not conventional glasses though. I’ve equipped them with FRIDAY, so she can scan documents and files immediately without needing to handle the hard copies.”
“So as I was saying,” he begins, as if he had just stopped talking a few seconds ago, “Your date is not gonna be that interested in your job, or your fitness routine for that matter. You need to tell them about
Phone back into his pocket, he pulls Steve closer to peck his lips, still gazing into his eyes because he doesn’t seem to be able to
voice – says all of a sudden, and Tony has to really keep himself from screaming out loud now. He ventures a look at Steve, trying to smile despite it all but falling short in his attempt. He snuffles then, quick to hide any trace that could spur the rumors that he is indeed, after all, irremediably human. Tony can’t allow that to happen, not today, not in the nearby future. Not when there are so many things to discuss and settle; not when he’s the only one both the public and the government can rely upon.
For once his words seem to resonate immediately with Steve, who only spends a few seconds before coming up with a response, stepping slightly closer: “I… really enjoyed tonight and feel we have a lot in common. I can easily imagine us getting married an—“
“You’re my best friend, of course I did…” sighs Tony, shaking his head as if he couldn’t believe the idiocy of his question.
“I can’t do anything from here!” Jean says, her voice slightly shaking, although she sounds to be more in control than him. “Once the alarm is triggered, the only way to unlock it is from the outside.”
“So I realized I have no idea what you actually like. Food wise, I mean.” he hurries to add, forgetting that he’s talking to Steve, possibly the person less likely to pick up a double meaning ever.
to be in dangerous situations – it’s the fact that he’s about to be walked outside the bank where there’s the whole police department ready to take a shot at the man who’s holding a gun against him. Tony has never been in such a situation, but has seen his share of movies and documentaries about robberies to know this could go very wrong very quickly, and that’s not a chance he’s willing to take.
– so eventually he just shakes his head and admits the truth: “Got it at the flower shop, along with the roses. I thought…” he stops when he realizes he’s giving too much away.
It’s a poor excuse and they both know it, but luckily for him Tony can sense an overwhelming tiredness bestowing him, so he ends up nodding and patting his companion on his arm.
“Sorry I’m late, everyone. I got lost on my way here, for some reason,” Steve apologizes, looking quickly around to spot a free chair, and even though Tony is
“Precisely…” he sighs, passing a hand over his face in a gesture that he’s recently learned to use when he’s struggling with frustration; then he smiles at Steve, pecking softly his lips before taking his hand: “Let me show you around, c’mon…”
“It’s not my fault you’ve become a farmer while I was away!” he screams back, and then lifts his head to see just how long until they can speak normally again – not that he really cares, but it’s a good direction to look when you don’t know on what to focus your glance.
“Yeah, the first issue came out in the… Fifties, I think? It was quite soon after the war ended, that’s for certain.”
It’s dark outside when he comes around, but at least the headache is gone and his body feels more responsive as if it was slowly going back to normal. Despite a sour aftertaste in his throat, the tube is gone and his mouth is more hydrated, not as pasty as before. When he tries to open his eyes, he’s able to do so without much trouble.
“Someone is eager…” Mark observes just before taking him with his mouth, whole, and Steve hates everything. His body, for not listening to his brain. The guy on his knees in front of him, for giving him a pleasure he doesn’t want nor feel like he
, he can’t help but thinking, although there’s a small smile on his lips now that shows just how glad he is that the person on the other end did.
when Thanos showed up at the compound – and as long as goodbyes go, all he does is scribbling a note thanking Bruce for his hospitality, again promising to keep in touch. He leaves it on the kitchen table and silently steps outside the apartment – the last thing he wants is for him and Thor to wake up and make a big scene out of it. He’s not going anywhere after all, not by the standards they’re used to nowadays anyway. Plus it seems to him all they’ve been doing recently is saying goodbye, and he’s grown really tired of them.
freaking them out with proposals and big words like ‘love’. Remember, it’s a first date, not your wedding vows.”
.” He pauses for a few seconds, only for dramatic purposes, before continuing: “Our country has been going downhill ever since 2008, and I cannot tolerate it any longer. I’ve always been an admirer of the President’s ideas, so when they told me what had happened in the year I was away… I thought to myself, he is the kind of man we need to bring the country back on track. I’m here to tell you, to
“Thank you for your service,” the kid says a second later, and Steve catches the other’s hand just in time before the fingers can raise up to his temple.
“Everything alright?” he asks casually, knowing all too well that if that wasn’t the case Steve wouldn’t have entered the room as quietly as he just did, or held his tongue as he’s doing now.
, makes him wish he could just obliterate it from every language. Why is everybody so keen on calling him
The voice seems to be coming from the ceiling, absurd as it sounds, and it’s impersonal and somewhat metallic even though it’s got a female touch to it. Tony’s eyes gaze up to spot any speakers or a radio or
, 2021 and, defying his expectations, it doesn’t cause a lot of panic neither at the Pentagon nor at the White House, although the allegations about the creation of what are defined as ‘containment areas for immigrants’ moved against the president are nothing short of worrisome. A Cabinet meeting is called, but instead of addressing the article or even demanding someone’s head, all they discuss is how soon the aforementioned areas can be created because, according to the president, “the sooner we get this done the sooner it stops being a secret, the sooner we can all move on”, as if the problem didn’t lie
“So… would you like to see the master bedroom?” he whispers as they momentarily part to inhale some air, his attention completely on the other man now.
what I do!” Steve protests, and by his tone you can tell just how glad he is that they’ve overcome the bit of a slump they’d found themselves stuck into.
“Ah, good luck with that, Nick. In case you didn’t notice, he’s not quite the fan of following orders nowadays…”
Steve nods, sighing quietly on his lips and staying there, silent, not because he doesn’t know what to say but because he doesn’t need to.
“Just do the same thing! Jesus, Steve, it’s not rocket science, even for you!” he breaks out at last, although he wishes he hadn’t, because he really wants to help his friend out, Steve deserves to be happy and Tony knows for a fact he’d make an excellent partner, if given the chance to get to that stage.
Exactly how he had anticipated, General Ross ends up being the number one problem to their plan; a couple of days later Tony gets a call back from Mr. Grey, and he can tell by his tone that they have a bit of a situation on their hands.
, at least – when the box for the password – Tony’s idea, of course – finally appears right in the middle of the screen. He types it in and immediately launches the application to track the ring, and sure enough – after ten seconds that feel like
?” he asks then, once he’s sure that he’s not indeed imagining the whole situation because, well, Steve is right in front of him.
to where the other is sitting. It goes as smoothly as imagined – which means, not at all: they get shouted at for the whole of seven minutes it goes on, called ‘irresponsible’ and ‘plain stupid’, and if things were still the same they were before, Tony would have cracked a joke or two about how they both were aware of that, but alas, he doesn’t. Matter of fact he keeps silent from the moment he finishes telling his plan, which doesn’t go unnoticed either.
Tony moves his head according to the music, getting close to Steve and then turning, his back against the other man’s body, closing his eyes and mouthing the words along.
“Oh please, Steve, with all the time we spend together…” his voice trails off as he begins turning the wrench around, not such an easy task when you’re bent over and upside down.
He’s shocked, and not just because that’s the longest speech he’s ever heard Steve saying, or what it means, or even that he’s said those very words in the first place. Of course, all of this is included, but most of all, it’s because Steve really thinks he, Tony, can make him happy. Actually, he already
Fury’s voice brings him back to reality. He takes a deep breath, closing his eyes for a moment, then shakes his head: “Can’t do it right now, Nick. I’m a mess. If you can put it on hold for a while, then maybe. But I need to clear my mind first. I hope you can see my point.”
He doesn’t know, nor does he think it’s within his ability of comprehension, because when tries, he finds himself at loss of appropriate names to describe it. Again he attempts to move his limbs, to talk, but it’s all pointless, it feels like he is beyond being in the tangible plane of existence.
at him. So he just grabs the other body by the hips and pushes himself inside the hole, finding it looser than anticipated.
Although Nick can’t possibly know this, he’s just used the one word (and its derivatives) Tony actually extremely despises as of lately:
“I don’t think that’s legal…” complains Steve, diverting the topic once more whilst narrowing his eyes to him.
“Right…” is all he says, his senses slowly awakening, and it goes without saying that the moment they do, a surge of panic invades him in less than a couple of seconds, prompting him to kick the covers away to stand on his feet, much to Grant’s confusion.
But Steve looks too shocked to even hear him, and asks a question of his own: “Why did you put your hand on mine?”
“Mr. Stark!” Grey greets him, a smile from ear to ear and his hands stretched towards his; Tony, reminding himself why he’s doing this for, flashes an equally fake, equally wide smile of his own.
He taps his reactor and glances at Steve, and for a brief moment he feels like putting his hand on his, like in the old days. But he won’t, because he’s all too aware that, should ‘plan S’ become a necessity, he’d rather not having to deal with Steve and his bullshit rhetoric in the final moments. And also – even if he would never admit it out loud or to himself – because he’s not sure he’d actually have the guts to go through with it, was Steve to guess what his plan was, his piercing, desperate blue eyes the last thing he ever set his on.
With it gone, both men give out a long sigh as they’re alone again. Tony lets his hand fall off the other’s shoulder, and without saying a word he starts exploring the hut: curiosity is driving him for now, and he intends to maximize that for however long it will last. God knows what sorts of feelings he’ll have to deal with once that’s out of the picture.
As they fly back home, everyone is so cheerful and happy and generally glad to be alive; celebratory drinks get poured, songs get played, terrestrials and gods and aliens and talking animals united in a single, victorious sound. Except for him, of course. He tries to be one of them, tries to be how his
“That doesn’t mean I’d never do it either, though,” he replies between his teeth although he wasn’t planning on being vocal. And he surprises himself when he hears how
Tony doesn’t think he’s ever heard the other say so many words all at once, and judging by the slight, sudden shyness flashing across Steve’s face now, the soldier himself can’t believe how much he just talked. Tony smiles softly at that, and, setting the sketch aside, he takes one of the other’s hands into his to kiss its back before leaning over to whisper into his ear: “Well, when that
“I know, it’s… wow.” Steve giggles in an attempt to hide a bit of flustering that is now on his face, but Tony is quicker to catch it and grins, deepening the kiss and pulling the other’s face closer to his, a slow shiver running down his spine, making him forget all about his nightmare in a second because all that matters is right in front of him, and nothing can take it away.
He stops, trying to see if his words make any sense to Pepper as they did to him, but he can’t quite figure it out; they probably do, at least to some extent, but of course because she has never had any contact with aliens and gods and whatnot it’s more of a trusting exercise for her. He understands this, and doesn’t want to make her life even harder than it has been in the past couple of years. So he takes a deep breath and catches her hand, holding it tight and looking into her eyes as saying the next few words.
that’s a safer solution. So in the morning he calls Sam to ask if it’s still okay to crash at his for a while, and all he gets in response is the loudest scream from Bucky in the background and a promise to “celebrate” – for the life of him he can’t understand what, however has the presence of spirit of not saying it out loud. He doesn’t have much to gather – he basically lost
“You’ve been so… distracted since you got back from space, and although I appreciate you taking the time to get us here, I believe you’re avoiding facing reality rather than wanting to be on holiday with me.”
, he recognizes in a defeated tone, feeling the sudden urge to be alone, even if just for five minutes, because this has really got to him, way more than it should have. He wishes he could hear Steve’s voice, tell him about his thoughts and emotions, ask him for advice not because the other would particularly know what to do in this situation but simply because he knows Tony and his way of thinking, he knows his
He knows what Steve was about to say so ends the call before he actually can. The answer is yes, he wants to come over and tell him, but with everything that he’s heard in the last twenty-four hours, he thinks it’s probably not only prudent, but
“Looks like I’m not the only one who’s eager…” he comments, hating himself for it, a bit more as other words come out of his mouth. “Let’s give you what you’ve been wanting all along, shall we?”
Steve smiles, and maybe he’s about to say something but before he can, a long shiver runs along Tony’s whole body, awakening from the kind of catalepsy he had fallen into.
“Good morning, love. I hope you’re okay today. I’m the same as always, but I’m trying, you know that. I
to be said. Going from being rivals, to friends, to lovers, to enemies had taken a big toll on them both, and when you add the crumbling of the entire universe as an indirect consequence of their actions, the weight was far too heavy for just two sets of shoulders to carry. Steve went back to the compound, and he went back to Pep, and when they saw each other at the funerals – dozens and dozens of them in the following weeks – they’d shake hands and exchange a word or two; about what to do, and when to do it. Without ever saying it out loud, he had left the wheel of the whole team to Steve, who had taken it with equal silence and begun to think what to actually
The other man stops talking now, and narrows his eyes at his friend as to try and figure out who could he be possibly talking about, but after a good ten seconds, he just shakes his head in defeat.
But Steve shakes slightly his head and painfully stretches a hand out to catch Tony’s: “Do you still love me?”
As FRIDAY had anticipated, Steve is in the living room, sitting on one of the couches with a dossier opened on the table, its papers spread out all over, a cup that reads “America’s #1 Superhero” (one of the many gifts Tony has got him over the years) on the coffee table next to him.
“Look who popped off the sky!” a voice from behind his shoulders comes in now, and Tony smiles as recognizing it straightaway; he turns around and sure enough Rhodey pulls him into a tight hug which he wasn’t honestly expecting.
“I thought that kiss last night was pretty self-explanatory…” Tony gives him a small smirk, feeling more at ease now that he knows Steve is not angry with him and reinvigorated because they thought the same thing without even talking about it. And when the other looks away, smiling awkwardly, it seems like they’re back to years ago, when the flirting originally started, out of nowhere and unexpectedly, slowly morphing into something deeper.
Rhodey looks into his friend’s eyes for a couple of seconds, but it’s all it takes for him to know he’s saying the absolute truth; he nods, and without adding anything else he goes sitting by his side, helping him with the boxes.
Surprised, he opens his mouth to say something, but one of the guards beats him to it, her voice growing louder with every word: “Hey, Mr. Billionaire, no touching allowed, step back. And your ten minutes are up.”
wants to talk now, but I don’t. Not yet anyway. I haven’t figured out what I want to tell him. That’s why I’m avoiding him. That’s why I need to go.”
once the situation at home improves, right? And there are the problems we’ve talked about too. So really, this is perfect. And I’m enjoying crafting stuff like that” he adds, nodding at the crowns “I was really missing it.”
, in case you forgot.” Sam remarks, and he nods in silent, a brief sting of pain shooting through his heart as recognizing that he’s not part of
“W-where am I?” he crocks out, his voice sounding quite foreign as it hits the walls around him, making him realize that there’s a IV in his veins and some pads on his chest. He doesn’t even know why he asked that question: nobody seems to be within hearing distance. But as it turns out, he’s wrong about this.
“I’ll give instructions to collect… We need…” words just keep escaping him, he doesn’t know how to do this, he doesn’t know if he
think it is.” he pauses, thinks it over, then retraces his steps: “Actually, you probably won’t be able to tell me the name you prefer for your A.I., so if you can think of one now, otherwise you’ll have to be happy with whatever I come up with…”
,” Steve intervenes now, feeling uneasiness in his chest, for this is the sort of trick the military would pull. And he was
“Sort of. They’re called ‘peacekeeping bases’ now, but that’s just political correctness. People have developed a… uh, taste for it. Doesn’t change the substance though.”
, of course – nothing would. Tony stands up now, still flabbergasted by what’s happening, and before he can say it out loud Steve is right in front of him, taking his hand and lead him in a slow motion dance as the piano notes fill the air. This feels so much like a dream and Tony decides to keep the questions for later, allowing himself to be swayed gently along the melody, closing his eyes as he fully breathes in the scent of the other, surprised to notice just how
“I’m fine.” he replies flatly, more than he would have liked, slipping his hand into the pocket of his trousers and taking a USB pen out before heading back near the table and sliding it towards Nick. “This is what I’ve been coping since January, although it’s mainly copies and handwritten pages because they have an incredible security system that keeps detecting my glasses every time I walk into the Pentagon. I’m gonna figure it out sooner or later, possibly after the Avengers prototype gets out of the way, but for now, that’ll have to do. I know it’s not much, but it’s a beginning, and once I get FRIDAY in it’ll all be quicker.”
, do what he says so we can all go home…” his voice sounds almost like he’s begging, and he doesn’t like that one bit. But it doesn’t come as a total surprise either, because that’s really all he wants right now. For everyone to go home safe.
“Would you go on a date with me?” Steve lets out all in a single breath, keeping his gaze on the other even if he’s awkward and shy as hell.
“I hate you, but man, am I happy to see you…” he sighs, leaning over to steal a soft, innocent kiss.
Steve doesn’t quite know what to say, so he stays silent instead. They look into each other’s eyes for a brief bunch of seconds, as if they were trapped in some freezing spell, then before too much time goes by and Steve leans in exactly how it’s bound to happen – how it happened many times before – Tony breaks the eye contact, stepping aside to allow the shutter to close again. Then, without further ado, he starts towards the exit, talking as he walks away.
. He knows it’s petty, but Steve is tempted to say no anyway just because Fury keeps using it even though he asked him twice not to.
Thinking about his childhood is not something Steve usually does – he doesn’t remember much about the first ten years of his life, mostly just his parents’ continuous arguments, some of the beatings (the most painful ones) he took for no apparent reason, that one time his father genuinely smiled at him. Still, as he sits in a chair too small for him – adolescence turned the scrawny kid into a healthy and bulky teen who would have belonged to a football field if given the chance – Steve finds his head thinking back to two and a half decades ago, without knowing the exact reason for it. Maybe it’s because yet again seems like his life is about to change, never mind that he ignores why he received that weird phone call yesterday, nor how the man on the other end of the line even knows of him. For what concerns him, Steve doesn’t think he’s anything special. Just another veteran trying to to make sense of the world again, to be useful even when not on a battlefield.
“Of course they’re not regular glasses, what was I thinking…” Steve replies, looking up with an expression that makes him look silly on purpose. Once again Tony has to hold a chuckle back.
– matter of fact Tony has decided to keep quiet as much as possible, because if the theory that has been forming in his mind is correct (and the facts to his disposal corroborate it so far) talking would bring more problems than anything else. “We should walk” he had said, and Steve had just nodded in reply.
When he awakes for the third time, although his surroundings are still a big incognita, he is nevertheless able to distinguish them, and for that he’s grateful. They’re not terrestrial, he’s one-hundred percent sure about that, because they don’t seem to have any animal or human life, nor they’re anything like he’s ever seen before. The colors are all…
Tony sighs, and waves a hand as to acknowledge that he understands those words, even if he doesn’t agree with them in the least. The rest of the meeting drags on around dull political details that he repeats almost mechanically in a monotone voice, pretty soon forgetting he’s not in a cabinet session as this resembles one so damn much. Once it’s over, Tony finally makes his way to his suite, but instead of taking a shower (or even just a nap, god knows how in dire need of both he is), he dials T’Challa personal number instead, figuring he’s the only person he can truly rely upon to send a message to Steve – because although he doesn’t have any solid proof, he’s grown convinced that Fury would purposely avoid passing anything over to him in case it would ‘distract’ him from their goal.
He doesn’t quite know what he was expecting – probably either a “What’s ‘it’?’” or a “Are you kidding me?” – but that’s not where Fury is going, because all he does is keeping his eye on Tony, staying silent for so long that he has no alternative but talking again: “So, uh… We can’t do that, if we’re against each other.
“I know it’s not perfect, I did what I could in the short amount of time I had to put it together…” he mutters, deepening his hands into the trousers’ pockets and looking around, feeling a strange sense of embarrassment surging inside of him. The idea, that had sounded good enough when he first had it, seems quite stupid now, and really, was it necessary?
; because sometimes when you’re busy or apart or both the last thing you want to do to yourself is dwelling in what you don’t have, and that’s maybe the most painful part of it, having to choose between the less of two evils, knowing it’s a losing game for you anyway.
have a reason.” Steve observes, and now is Tony’s skin having goose bumps as hearing his own name pronounced by him.
If he had an ordinary job, today would be filed under the category “just another day at the office” for the most part of it. Which loosely translates as half an hour meeting with Tony and Thor interrupted by a false alarm – believe it or not they have at least half a dozen of them every day – followed by an hour each of physical and strategical training with the new rooster, followed but what appeared to be a red alert emergency that was a pallid orange one at best. After a quick lunch, it is a series of simulations, external meetings, paperwork or a combination of the three. Exciting as being an Avenger, one of Earth’s mightiest heroes might sound, 90% of the time that role requires a lot of faffing about and making sure a lawsuit is not around the corner when the bad guys actually hit. Which, incidentally, is the part of the job he likes the least, needless to say.
“Alright, okay, I’m going…” Tony replies, fingers slipping quickly through the bars to reach for his, lingering for just a second over them, enough to give Steve a tingling feeling in the pit of his stomach. “Keep your head up, Cap, I’ll be back before you know it,” he then adds, winking at him as his fingers retreats and he starts walking back towards the exit.
– and then he forces himself to begin his maneuvers; the hardest part is having to lift up Steve’s right hand from upon his shoulder, not only because it’s strong and muscular, but especially as it seems like it’s been stuck on his body with something like superglue (when he has turned, just minutes before, it has barely moved from the position it was in). It also doesn’t help that he has to do this with his left hand, because of course it’s just his luck that they had to fall asleep in this very position (
“FRIDAY is programmed to choose the songs according to the taste of the people in the room. Given you’re here…” he leaves his thought hanging on purpose and just smirks at Steve.
He has just opened one of the doors to find out a couple of tatamis on the floor when he hears Steve’s voice, and then his presence sneaks up on him from behind.
For the second time tonight, he catches his partner’s face becoming slightly flustered; it would be kind of adorable if it wasn’t also so painful to witness.
date and not just a fake one, as Tony is willing to do? And if so, was this already his intention yesterday, when he broke into his lab and asked him out? He is
“I... uh, I’m not good with chopsticks...” Steve leans in to whisper, and Tony wants to disappear right there and materialize somewhere far away; but instead his grin widens as they reach the table, and he bows to kiss Carol’s cheeks and shake Jessica’s hand.
“Male in his mid-thirties, possible freeze, probable head trauma. Briefly regained consciousness but was out of it again in a matter of minutes.” It’s a sound and precise analysis that surprises him for how
It’s not exactly a nightmare – he’s living through the worst thing that could happen to him, he believes, so nothing that comes up in his sleep can ever be a match – but it’s not pleasant either – again, nice dreams stopped being a reality a good three years ago now – because he’s stuck in a dark, tiny prison cell with no windows in sight. He can spot a key hanging on a wall, but no matter how hard he tries to reach out for it, the distance stays the same.
till he’s in the land of dreams, not having to deal with the harshness of reality. As the minutes reach double digits and the rational side of his brain becomes more active, Tony knows all too well that he
But the echo of his name keeps coming up, incessantly, like a constant reminder that the person it belongs to
Tony is not exactly the romantic kind – cheesiness doesn’t come natural to him, possibly because growing up he never saw any display of affection between his parents, and although his mother never failed to show him love and attention, he was mainly taught that a man
. The lab is impenetrable, or at least he thought it was. Especially whilst in siege mode. But if someone like
“You need to keep things simple, alright?” he then offers, taking a deep breath as to brace himself. “Just say that you had a nice time and you’d like to do it again. If you feel adventurous and think it could be the right move – although I have my doubts you can actually
“No problem…” he replies, and now it’s his turn to look down, not at the pavement but at the other’s hands, because he wants so desperately to treat this as if it
“It just seemed a good place to start… rebuilding our relationship, and I don’t necessarily mean that in a romantic way. I know I promised you we’d talk, and we never did, and to be honest I didn’t give this too much thought, my mind was elsewhere on the way back from space and then when I saw you the words just randomly popped out of my mouth, so… I figured it’d be good to be just the two of us. You know, without distractions.”
Steve looks at him, eyes so watery that it’s like staring into the deep blue ocean; Tony wants to fight it, to insult him maybe, anything to make Steve forget about him, or even just put him away in a box on top of the wardrobe: you know it’s there, but as time goes by you simply stop thinking about it. And still, he doesn’t do any of this, because the truth is, he’d be lying if he said he believed it possible. He himself is dead, and all he can do is lying down next to Steve as often as possible, trying to cling on whatever fragment of his human nature is still present in him.
Tony stops paying too much attention after a mere thirty seconds. It’s just too much information all at the same time, and he wishes he could just laugh about it, but Steve doesn’t look like someone who is pulling his leg or making stuff up – especially
There’s a chair by the bed on which he lets himself slide down onto, staying like that for whole minutes, silent and still, unable to do anything else except for staring at Steve. At the fucking mess he himself has contributed to create.
So Steve tells him, and by the end of it, Tony is so angry and frustrated that sex and love are at about the bottom of his thoughts.
for two whole ass years, which means what, 2015? Early 2016? And then, all of a sudden, a flashback hits him with the energy of a lightning. A beach whose name he can’t remember right now, in the middle of the Pacific Ocean. The sun on his face and the sound of the waves going back and forth, listlessly, the only reminder of time passing in a stillness that he wishes could return to him, along with the person he was sharing those moments with.
“No, I mean… What is going on? Why are you leaving?” the other man asks, getting closer again, and Tony could swear the electricity in the air is now palpable.
But this time Steve doesn’t look away as he usually does – why, Tony has no clue, although he guesses that maybe he’s not that comfortable with eye contact. Instead, he keeps staring into his azure eyes, as if a spell had just been thrown on him, immobilizing his body. Or maybe it’s on
Tony throws her a frugal look, showing the palm of his hand as if that is supposed to mean something to her, then focuses his attention back to him, and this time he returns the sly smile upon Steve’s lips.
“God, it’s not just one reason… Like for starters, I don’t ‘date’. I don’t know what to do on a date. Dates are just not my thing.”
“Don’t worry, Cap, I’ve seen my good share of weirdness. You don’t get to work for SHIELD and still expect everything to make sense.”
for him to adjust. But now Steve has no excuses, and that gives Tony all the freedom he wants to have a bit of fun. Surely, his plan would work better if Steve had actually an idea of this new game they’ve started to play.
plan was, he would have probably enquired further and set some basic rules. But he doesn’t, staying mum for the whole ride downtown, staring blankly out of the car window, not really allowing his mind to wander off dangerous avenues.
“Listen to me,” the soldier says, and he can smell the minty breath and the warmth already conquering his whole body, and what is he supposed to do now, just pretend it’s not happening or ignore it? Neither is a feasible option. “You need to let me go, and move on. You’re an amazing person, Tony, and I wish it hadn’t come to this, but—“
. As if time didn’t exist in this dimension, or if it went by so slowly to be imperceptible to the human soul. He doesn’t know which option scares him the most.
“I don’t know, Nick, the whole experience was quite… surreal. I could have sworn there was nothing there until a moment before. Next thing I know, something like a spark comes out of nowhere and this passage appears. Same with the cave. It was like… well, magic,” he concludes, but when he looks at Fury, expecting to see the same puzzlement and confusion as his own, there’s no trace of either.
“No, I… It’s perfect to me.” Steve’s words arrive just in time, stopping the train of thoughts in his head from derailing; he finds himself not being able to hide a little smile from popping up on his lips.
And this is why, when the President’s words reach his ears, he doesn’t immediately register them for what they are: on an intuitive level he knows he’s hearing them for the very first time (this is not the usual script), but they could be about anything and he would only realize it later. But then something clicks inside of him, making him returning to the present, and as his brain synchronizes with what’s happening right next to him pure horror spreads from his toes upwards. “Don’t let them fool ya, this is not about human rights, this is about exhibitionists wanting to do whatever they want, however they please, with no respect whatsoever for our traditions, our religion, our basic system of beliefs. And this is why, when I’m President, one of the first steps I’ll personally oversee to will be to try and revise the Supreme Court’s decision to allow couples of the same gender the ability to get married wherever they please.”
