Cas’s hot tongue exploring his mouth, lavishing it… Dean sucked on Cas’s tongue, as an experiment, and Cas moaned against his mouth, once again.
Hopefully, that would be enough. They were stronger than that.
Well. He still knew how to be aggressive, it seemed.
“He hates the concept of soulmates,” Castiel said. He let himself fall on the couch. He felt beat up; defeated; empty. “He told me he wished he didn’t have one.”
did you do it, exactly?” Cas asked.
“Well, for one, it wasn’t that obvious, and two, after you asked me if I was hitting on you and I said yes you ran away and ghosted me. And now you tell me that actually you
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel said softly. In the cold and the silence, his whisper said more than it should have; it said,
And how can Cas convince Dean that is worthy of love if he cannot mention his own feelings?
He should have stayed in bed that morning.
Right where Cas shoved him away from death.
in his eyes... Dean’s lips had never looked more attractive, pink and plump and slightly open, and it would be easy to—
Castiel smiled. Dean was as impatient as he was.
And Dean and Cas will step away from one another, and Cas will expect Dean to hide, perhaps, and Dean will contemplate it for one second or two, because it’s still so new to him, this honesty thing; but he’ll decide that, what the hell, the world’s ending anyway, and there’s no point in hiding it, he’s tired of hiding it. So he’ll beam and say, “It’s a long story.”
“I don’t even want to know why you love that thing so much,” Sam shuddered.
“And you can seduce him if he’s not,” Meg added.
So he said, “You want someone who will hold your soul in their hands and fall hopelessly in love with all of it, with all of you, and decide to tether their soul to you and to leave their own mark on you, over all the scars life already left on you. I understand that.”
It came back to Castiel then, with the force of a tornado hitting his face. The Bunker. Billie. The Empty.
Castiel smiled, hoping that Dean wouldn’t see how uneasy he felt at the idea of going to a fancy restaurant – he was too awkward, he didn’t know the codes.
“You’re so hot,” Dean whispered reverently. “You’re beautiful.”
As it was, Dean did not seem intent on leaving either.
“Dean, Dean, I’m about to--”
It didn’t look like Dean’s usual reaction to when he came back from the dead or to when he was injured, however.
Cas died without knowing that... without hearing that...
“And you’re stubborn.”
He has to believe. He has to have faith in Cas. The person he’s holding hands with – no one else could touch him like that.
“Cas…” he sighed, panting his name as they broke the kiss once again.
“Who knows, maybe you two are soulmates,” Jack said with his usual enthusiasm.
And met Cas’s wide eyes.
The world stopped spinning long enough for Castiel to feel complete confusion. Please, God, don’t let him puke. Not
He’ll never get Cas back. Despair sinks its claws in him. If he had waited a little, perhaps he’d have found another solution, a real one. But now, as it is, Cas will remain in the Empty, and Dean is just as prisoner as Cas is. The Empty, 1, Dean and Cas, 0.
Dean gave him a smile; it made Castiel’s grace leap in his vessel.
Did you like it?
Good thing, that Sam, Eileen, Bobby, Ellen, Jo, and Charlie, and pretty much everyone he loved had taken one look at his sorry face when Cas had disappeared, insisted that he talk to Cas and ask him what was wrong... Who knew where they’d be if they hadn’t?
“You changed me, Dean, for the better. I promise from this day forward to love and treasure you for the rest of my life, to be your rock when things get difficult, and to build a safe and loving home with you. I love you, Dean.”
“Yes.” Castiel’s mouth was too dry; no other words would come out.
The thing was to be daring enough.
Was it how it ended? Like it had started? In a barn, after one of them had pulled the other from perdition and rebuild him whole? Because that was what Dean’s touch on his face was doing to him: rebuilding him, reviving him, resurrecting him. He was hurt and dead, but alive under Dean’s careful touch – oh, so alive.
They deserved a chance.
Cas shook his head. “It’s a dream. You’re not Dean. You’re a nightmare sent by the Empty to torture me. Go away. I don’t need you.”
Why does he even feel embarrassed? It’d be in his interest if Cas understood –
The person laces their fingers together. It must be Cas. Of course it
A few seconds – or were they minutes? – ticked by in absolute, uncomfortable silence. It was the kind of silence Castiel was familiar with, because it was pretty much everyone’s reaction to him, but Dean Winchester had probably never experienced anything like that in his life. Dean would probably remember him, if only as that stupid, awkward guy he had met as his brother’s wedding. Those were Castiel’s main talents: photographing, and making people uneasy.
. Dean wasn’t a man of many words but Cas always stole the few words he had nevertheless. And right now, Dean was speechless.
between them to be more than a mere chance encounter and friendship of circumstance.
But Cas looked at him very seriously then, and he was panting, and his eyes were dark, and he said “Yes, Dean. Yes,” in such a turned-on voice that Dean no longer felt stupid. He felt seen, and heard, and wanted for what he was, stupid and sugary and everything.
about you! I knew you seemed dreamy. I thought you’d be shorter.” She smiled. “I think we’re going to be best friends!”
“And, uh, how is that?”
“It’s over, Cas,” Dean’s voice said, trembling with feelings Castiel was too tired to decipher. (Joy? Relief?) “We’re here. We’re on Earth again. You’ve done it. You’re back.”
When he walked out of the room he found Dean waiting for him, sitting on the bed and holding a tray full of food. His eyes trailed on Cas’s body, taking in the fact that Cas was wearing his clothes, and he quickly looked down on the tray. “I cooked you some food,” he said, “you need it, I guess.”
It was absurd, he shouldn’t be able to follow it. Cas was probably using telepathy or some angelic trick. But Dean could hear it all the same -- it was louder if he stepped in the right direction, lower if he made a mistake.
And the way he said his name... As if Cas was his universe...
It feels like he’s been walking forever.
He wouldn’t be throwing the Words into the open, no; he would be giving them to Cas, Cas who loved him back, and the Words would soon be safely tucked away -- but in Cas’s heart this time.
“It’s not.”
“The city?”
The last ingredient, though... Dean’s heart drops.
“I’ll try,” he said. “I’m not... good with these things.”
“A nurse? I wouldn’t have pegged her as one, from what you told me.”
“Of course I can. And I do.”
And just like that, the cracks in Dean’s gaze disappeared as he focused on Castiel again. He smiled, his eyes shining with joy again – beautiful,
. It’s like a haven (or a heaven, maybe).
“Why do you refuse to see it?” she asked, putting her beer away and facing Dean, arms crossed. “Why do you refuse to even believe that he
“What did you and Dean talk about?” Jack said, turning to Castiel.
He just can’t let that one go. He can’t let Cas die without telling him “I love you too.” He can’t let Cas think for all eternity that his feelings were unrequited. He can’t. He can’t do that to Cas. Cas deserves so much fucking better.
Then he adds,
“I – I know that, Cas,” Dean says. His voice is low, almost a whisper. It is broken, too. “I’d have done the same thing. Hell, I’
“Useful? What do you mean?” Dean looked confused.
Again with the playing and the toying. Dean clenches his jaw and stifles his anger. Now is not the time. “And you lift the curse, of course.”
Would he even know it if he was looking at Dean? Dean had told him he’d be there, but he hadn’t told him what he would dress up as. What if he was the Chewbacca Cas had just met? Or perhaps that Star Trek fellow he didn’t know the name of – the one with the pointy ears? He had only seen the fellow’s back, who could know for sure that it wasn’t Dean?
“All good things come to an end,” Castiel said, tightening his grip on Dean’s hand. In answer, Dean’s fingers laced with his. “But we’ll see each other soon.”
, Dean can let it last. He doesn’t have to rein himself in. He can keep Cas close as long as he wants, as close as he wants. He can shake against Cas’s body, and feel Cas shake, too; he can anchor himself in his angel, breathe him in, rest his cheek against his angel’s, and let the words out;
Dean couldn’t help but smile.
He should probably be, Dean thought. Everything about the situation was nerve-wracking, in theory.
And Dean. Dean with black eyes; Dean with angry eyes; Dean crying; Dean bruised; Dean broken; Dean in distress; Dean calling him; Dean bleeding; Dean hating himself; Dean desperate; Dean spiralling.
“You’re Claire?” Dean asked. “How’s the car?”
“No need to press your point, I get it.”
“God.”
“We need to bring him back,” he concluded.
Cas looked up to meet Dean’s concerned and apprehensive eyes. His heart sank. Dean had noticed, too, that he needed to sleep and eat and drink and urinate. And Dean, if appearances were to be believed, feared his answer.
love in his eyes, and Cas feels stupid. Now that he looks back on it – Dean loves him. It seems so blatant, now.
These looks had always given Cas too much hope for his own good.
Balthazar’s voice said in his head.
He does not step back, though. If he focuses, he can still feel Cas’s light breath on his face. They are not as close to each other as they were in the Empty, but it’s alright. Dean feels nervous, all of a sudden.
“Why not? The boy is as whipped as you are!” Rowena exclaimed.
“I still have time for my family, don’t worry, Dean,” Jack said, beaming.
And soon enough – too soon for Castiel’s taste – they were outside, standing in front of one another. The night was dark, the chill settling in his bones and prickling on his skin, far away from the warm tingles he was used to feeling when he was with Dean, especially at the last wedding he had been to.
"I said, Cas is in love with you." And she wiggled her eyebrows, looking far too amused  for her own good.
Fuck.
No, he won’t leave Cas in here. No matter what it costs, he’ll bring Cas back. Cas is happiness and life; this obscurity, this absence, that’s not a world for him.
Dean felt his heart sink.
He nuzzled Cas’s neck, dropping a light kiss on the skin there. Cas inclined his head, giving him easier access, and that’s how Dean found himself dropping kiss after kiss on Cas’s neck, trailing higher and higher.
“Cas. You’re awake. Thank fuck.”
"I'm sorry, what -- what in
“No, the
. And Dean cannot, should
funny.”
Castiel didn’t notice immediately. There were so many Deans lying in this white, cold room – the thousands of Deans he had killed, and all the others, the true Deans, that had suffered because of him, or because he was never able to comfort him, to wipe the tears he never allowed himself to cry and to soothe his beautiful, yet burdened soul.
And Dean’s lips are on Castiel’s.
Well. That was something he’d have to do again. As often as possible.
He watches as Dean opens his mouth, closes it, swallows painfully. He watches his fists close, and he sees Dean making his decision.
“Name’s Miracle,” Dean said, and he wanted to ask more questions, but Jack was busy petting Miracle and playing with him. (“You’re so pretty!”)
Had he said these things out loud?
Then why had he always thought that it was something to be ashamed of?
“Mmh,” the Empty says, pouting. “I think you’re lying to me, Winchester. I’m pretty sure your brother lied to me, after all. Why not you?”
Cas rebuilt his body, he thinks. Dean’s blood and entire body have already been claimed – and his heart too. He is no child of Cas’s – thank fuck – but Cas left his imprint on him. It should be enough.
he wanted to say.
“Yes, I do,” Dean declared, and he was sounding more assertive now. “I have—for some time, now. Been feeling the same way, I mean. For... a very long time, actually. I just didn’t think – I didn’t think it was...”
Everyone’s attention focused back on Castiel. Meg and Gabriel even stopped their ferocious fork battle to listen.
“I’m going to wash your face, alright?” Dean said. Castiel nodded wordlessly.
What if Dean avoided him now? What if Dean stopped looking at him like a friend and took his distances?
“I guess so, yes,” he said, whispering as well, although he didn’t know why. It felt sacrilegious to speak louder than that.
“Yes, it’s him.”
The digital pep talk didn’t prevent him from avoiding Dean during the rest of the wedding. He was
“Billie lied,” Dean said. “And you still can’t sleep.”
“It’s the only light you need.”
“Dean. I’m not breakable. I’ll go and –” Cas felt at this moment that his bladder was painfully full. Well. It answered a few questions he had. “I’ll go urinate and shower. Do what you have to.”
They both needed words, but there were also times when they didn’t them at all.
“What was less pretty was that they wanted their wedding to happen in a skating rink.”
“I guess the real question is – did you enjoy it?” Dean asked.
Dean scoffed again and took a swig of his beer to give himself more time to answer that. “Well, why do you believe that he is?”
“He said I was his Huckleberry. And that you should ride a cowboy to save a horse, and that no rodeo could keep him off m—oh.” Gabriel was raising his eyebrows at him. “Oh. I – I think I see it.”
Then the smell of the Bunker – home.
Dean shrugged. “He’s taking care of the Empty. Negotiating, putting it to sleep. And Sam is with Eileen. He said he’s gonna visit – he, uh, he thought we needed to spend some time together or whatever."
“Hi, Rowena,” Dean waved awkwardly. Except that he did so with the hand Castiel was still holding. Rowena’s grin grew even wider as she saw that. She took a sip of her wine to try and hide her pleased smile.
in Castiel’s grace – this is all Dean. He does not think anyone in the universe could imitate Dean with such perfection.
was good, that was better than when they were clothed… it felt intimate, to have Cas’s throbbing cock against his. Maybe grinding wasn’t the most romantic thing in the world, but it was everything to Dean right now. They kissed and kissed and rocked and rocked, they couldn’t stop, and it was so amazing that Dean came just like that, spurting all over Cas’s stomach, and feeling both ashamed and turned on for doing so. His mind went blank and there were stars and next thing he knew he was lying on Cas and Cas was stroking his hair and whispering “I love you, Dean, I love you, I love you.”
Castiel usually didn’t have much to say, unless he had been to a particularly eventful wedding or had met a strange client or two at the shop. Instead, Gabriel told grandiloquent tales of a prank he had successfully pulled off (if a prank ever failed, he never told them), Balthazar spoke of his conquests and his shenanigans, Rowena recounted the craziness she was confronted with at work and the latest news of her son Crowley, Meg told them stories about the resident home she worked at (they were either gory or hilarious, there was no in-between), Claire and Kaia spoke of high school mischief, and Jack asked embarrassing questions (the Talk in particular had been a rather unique morning). But Castiel never had much to say.
It is humbling, to remember that Cas – Cas, his best friend, his angel, his family – is a celestial, millennia-old being, who has chosen to stay with him and Sam. Dean used to think that this was why there was no way Cas could possibly love him back. Why would an angel – the only good angel in Heaven, the one who fought for humanity and for Heaven – love
“This place – you can’t stay here, alright? You gotta come with me.”
your soulmate or because –”
So Cas does the only other intimate thing he knows, and moves his hand to Dean’s left shoulder, presses it lightly, like he always does. This was how Dean knew he wasn’t himself but Lucifer, he remembers. This is how they recognise each other; this is how their bond came to existence.
He put the book aside and smiled at Dean -- one of those soft little secret smiles that Dean sometimes liked to think was just for him; one of those discreet smiles that lit up the whole room and made Dean feel lighter and made him want to kiss Cas, or perhaps to caress Cas’s lips, or just to let the dangerous Words out.
Meg’s face shows surprise. “What?”
Cas stepped up, ready to-- to what, Dean didn’t know, because he stopped him. “Nope. You, too. Naked. I mean.”
and him only. That knowledge felt almost forbidden; too good to be true.
“You can-- you can just tell me, Cas,” he said softly. “It’s okay. I promise it’s okay. I--” Dean didn’t know what to say.
“You’ve come back already?” Bal said as soon as Castiel walked in the living-room. “But Gabriel said in his text that he saw you and Dean l—” He stopped in his tracks as soon as he saw Castiel's face.
of Cas’s light fingers was
Castiel thought the kind thing to do would be to change the subject once again.
“I’m not sure dogs should eat bacon,” Rowena said.  “Don’t kill our poor boy, Bal!”
“Cas,” he whispered.
Castiel didn’t, but he didn’t want to ruin Dean’s fun. “It really suits you,” he said earnestly instead.
He had been living in the streets at the time, along with Meg and Balthazar. It was a few weeks after they had met, three homeless teenagers finding shelter in the same abandoned building in a winter storm. It would still be a few weeks before they met Gabriel and he invited them to live with him, a few months before they met Rowena who was as lost as they all were and she joined them, and several years before Claire, Jack and Kaia joined the family.
“You simply don’t want to admit that I’m right.”
“Not the way humans feel.”
There is no pit, no fire, no angels or demons sleeping through their nightmares and regrets, only... nothing. Pure pitch black – not the black of Baby, but the black of void, the black you see when you close your eyes. It is not a colour, but an absence. He should have known; this thing is called the Empty, after all.
“How-- how much more?”
Sometimes, in his hearts of hearts, Cas hates John Winchester for what he did to his sons. And ever since Cas has known the horrible truth, he hates God too, the puppeteer who made it his mission in life to make sure Dean will never find happiness. Sometimes, Cas thinks the curse the Empty placed on him is lighter than the fate God sentenced Dean to.
“Yes, Dean,” Cas told him helpfully. “I meant...
The Empty looks like she has swallowed acid. “Right,” she says after some time. “Fine. If I get the opportunity, I’ll take him. Perhaps the Nephilim bomb gave me that power. We’ll see. I agree to help you, fine. But why should I let the angel go?”
, Castiel. Even if you never get my funniest jokes.”
“Are you going to see each other again?” Jack asked cautiously.
“So – do you wanna – uh – dancing?” Dean asked.
“The what now?”
Castiel reached out. He took Dean’s hand.
She said that innocently, as if that was a light-hearted and completely normal thing to say. (Which, of course, it was
didn’t want Dean to go. At some point during the conversation, he had relaxed. Talking like this was – easy. Or, well, not exactly easy, but... pleasant. Comfortable.
Dean nodded. After a bit, he added, “You know, it was cool that you didn’t ask for soulmark pics. Most photographers do. Sam and Eileen were really stressed out about it. Thanks for that, man.”
this wedding (he had mentioned in a text that LARPing was one of his guilty pleasures, and that it was how he’d met Charlie), but also that he was happy to see Castiel. Maybe it was wishful thinking – but somehow, Castiel didn’t think he was mistaken.
Cas knows him, knows his body. He rebuilt it once.
“Cas?” he calls, but he hears nothing. Not even his own voice. “Cas? CAS!” he screams, shouts, yells, but there is no sound.
Castiel’s toes curled in his shoes at the same time as he curled his fingers in Dean’s hair and brought Dean even closer. Castiel’s heart was pounding, and Dean could probably hear it – they were so close. The feeling of Dean’s body against his own sent electricity sparkling in his spine. He felt warm. He felt fucking
“Don’t believe this is the answer to everything,” Dean warned. He stepped out of his fallen underwear, feeling oddly intimidated. He had never felt unsure of himself, but it had been a long, long while since he’d had sex with anyone, and this was
, it was all Dean ever wanted, and he wouldn’t let it go.
The dam doesn’t really have a reason to exist, does it? Here, in Cas’s arms, he is safe, he can be himself, because Cas loves him. He knows him like no one else knows (the good, the bad, and the hidden), and he loves him, and it’s
“Why are you crying?” Cas asked, visibly worried.
go and claim that people are in love with someone, okay?”
Cas’s thumbs were wiping away the tears, softly, and wiping tears should never feel like a loving caress, yet here they were.
“But all these nightmares—”
Next chapter: Dean and Cas get back to the Bunker... and things happen!
He was taken back to Jack’s birth, when he had found Cas’ dead body. He could remember every moment of it. It haunted his nightmares, after all. The limp body, the light gone, Cas gone…
“You should have been more careful, Dean. It was rather obvious it was a trap.”
Castiel knew what he should have said. He should have said,
Castiel tenses immediately. He cannot come home. He wants to, but what deal has Dean struck for him? He isn’t necessary. But peace
“She has a very well hidden soft side. Her patients love her, actually.”
And, well, Cas just happened to be sin incarnate, lying on the bed like that, his hair ruffled and his eyes mad with lust and love, and if  Dean just wanted to worship him… well, two birds with one stone, uh?
“Oh?” says Meg. “Well, glad I took her, then. She thought she’d be the boss of me – ha! Used me – told me to let the Nephilim go – well, she got what she deserved.”
“Are you
. That’s not something you asked your best friend!
Dean closes his eyes as the fingers brush over his lips again, soft as a kiss. “Cas,” he whispers.
Or because…
Dean’s heart leapt in his chest, and dropped.
Maybe he could just… not ask. Come back and pretend that he has asked and that Cas had said no and that he had found the idea as silly as Dean did, and that’d be the end of it. Charlie would see how stupid her even
Dean’s hands were ever so kind and gentle on him as he wiped the blood away from his face with a cloth. Tender, even. Cas wished he could close his eyes and relax into his touch, but that was not something he was allowed to do.
“Well. I know you’re busy--”
Sam looked up when he heard Dean’s gleeful “Heya, you three!” Then he did a double take when he saw Cas next to Dean, his eyes comically open. He blinked once, twice. He opened his mouth, in disbelief.
“You don’t even eat pork!” Kaia protested.
“There never was a good time, Dean.”
“Why?”
He propped Cas up, cradling him. His hand stroked the black unruly hair and his other hand intertwined with Cas’ as he spoke. “Wake up, Cas,” he whispered, close to his ear so that no one but his angel could hear. “It’s me. I’m bringing you home. Wake up.”
“Straights who can’t recognise it when they’re flirting with a man? The worst kind,” Balthazar agreed, a far-away look in his eyes that told Castiel he was reminiscing about the many times he had been confronted with this specific sort of cursed human subspecies.
Dean smiles bitterly at that. Rowena can say all she wants, she can be queen and all that jazz, but she still misses Crowley. Of course she does.
“Gabriel and Balthazar  sure did.”
“Dean?” Cas asked. Dean was probably staring.
?’ Dean almost asked. But when Cas shoved his hands into the pockets into the pockets of his trench-coat -- something he never did either -- it hit him.
Cas said he was not the angry, destructive man he knows he is, that he was a loving man, and yet, right when he is supposed to do the lovin’, he is being aggressive again.
Dean would like to say that it’s new, but that would be a lie, if he’s honest with himself.
“Why not? I’ve seen the way he looks at you. Believe in yourself a little, kiddo.” Gabriel patted his back.
Dean was ashamed to say that he tuned out most of what Donatello said. He was lost in the blue of Cas’ eyes – the man he would soon be able to call his husband. The good, the bad, the unexpected, the joys and dreams and sorrows; they had already committed to that, and he couldn’t wait to have more of it, more of Cas, more of them together.
So he nodded. “Alright, Dean.”
?). Then he had run away and that was because he was
He looked up at Cas, only to see the same uncertainty and lack of confidence that polluted his own thoughts. How weird was that, that Cas was able to look him in the eye and pour his heart out and reveal his love in all its beauty but was still so unsure that Dean loved him for himself?
They had to come back quickly, because Cas’ pretty sighs were not meant for this place. In Dean’s room, on the other hand--
He was wrong; he
Cas’s heart leapt in his throat (as biologically impossible as it was). So they had reached
“You are,” Castiel admitted. It made Dean laugh. “I had to ice-skate at a wedding once, though.”
Gabriel stood behind him, a lollipop stuck in his mouth and a mischievous smile on his lips. He was wearing a red top hat, a purple velvet jacket and a dotted shirt with a yellow bow.
“Do you mind if I call you Cas?” Dean asked. He looked anxious. “Castiel is a beautiful name, don’t doubt it, but, you know – I like nicknames—”
He remembers Dean’s eyes, shiny with tears and wide with fear and confusion.
Why hadn’t Cas answered already?
“Cas,” he lets out.
“Hello, Dean,” he answered, and he knew there was as much love in his own voice.
feel something for you?”
Nothing was more stunning that Dean’s face leaning over him, though, his features both creased with worry and relaxed with relief.
Of course, that was the moment Dean chose to come back.
Dean seemed to hesitate. Then he said, “Tell me more about your art?” It sounded both like a question and an invitation. That was strange.
Dean didn’t know why he felt such a need to spill the beans, but here they were. The truth was said, once again. Perhaps it was because he needed someone to know and to understand that he hadn’t only lost Cas, he had lost
Perhaps it
“Cas,” Dean said abruptly, his voice hoarse. “Cas, the other versions of me I saw – and Sam, and Jack, and – Cas, do you ever regret it? Meeting me? Getting me out of Hell? Choosing our side?”
The angel was sitting at one of the tables of the library, engrossed in an old-looking book. Probably something about the latest cases that had been popping up in the country. Dean said witches, Sam thought demigods, Cas said angels, and Charlie thought fairies. Of course Cas would spend the day trying to find out more, because that was who Cas was for you. Always trying to help humans as much as he could.
, and that you once made your dentist believe you were a vampire to get revenge for the cavities he’d taken care of, and he thought you were an actual vampire and tried to stake you,” Dean indicated.
And Cas – Cas does not know what to think. He wonders in silence, in a way he has not since a long time.  Cas has died and come back before, and Dean... has never reacted that way. Cas has been hugged, kept close, and looked at in wonder and happiness, but never with such strength and despair. Oh, he felt Dean’s grief, relief and joy before... but it has never been quite like that. Dean always let him go after some time.
in the situation he was currently in.)
Castiel’s heart swelled with happiness as they smiled at each other, full of their love and their promise of forever; but his heart was also a tiny bit heavy as well. There was something about this love, this devotion, this absolute acceptance that never failed to move him. To make him feel... not jealous, it wasn’t that... but it made him ache with
and Cas wants to scream back
“This was a beautiful ceremony,” Castiel said after some time. “I liked it. And Adam and Michael look very happy together.”
Silence, silence, silence. Silence was a door left ajar just enough for him to hope, and Dean hated it. Sometimes silence was hope, sometimes silence was safety, and sometimes silence was torture. This silence? This silence was all of those at the same time.
– but it was still too soon, they still had to explore their relationship... So he settled for kissing Dean again.
“Do you really think he’s interested?”
“I trust you,” Cas answered, and suddenly they were kissing again.
And yet, when Dean touched him like that – when his fingers were caressing his eyebrows oh-so-softly, when they accidentally brushed against his skin for longer than they should have, when Dean stroked his cheek to assess the damage the Empty had caused... When Dean’s fingers did all that and sent electricity and warmth in all of Castiel’s being, it felt as though Cas were being worshipped. Castiel felt like a stolen idol – revered, adored, and undeserving of it all, stolen from the barbarous world in which he belonged to be cleaned anew in the hands of a rapt adulator.
Dean looked at him suspiciously. Then he said, “Must be hard, to go for the art and settle for the practical thing instead.”
“Cas, I’m sorry,” Dean said. He was rubbing the back of his neck with one hand, the other in his pocket. “I’m sorry I made you feel uneasy. I – I thought you were flirting too, and I thought you were interested. I didn’t realise you weren’t – interested, I mean. And that I was making you feel uncomfortable. I shouldn’t have been – I should have – I should have asked, instead of hitting on you. With all those pick-up lines. And being all – uh – being me. I wanted to be more open, you know, but I guess I was too, uh, forward, and I’m sorry. I didn’t want to ruin our friendship or to frighten you. I hope we can still be friends? No pressure though. I get it if you don’t wanna. It’s fine. Everything’s fine. And, uh, that’s all. Thanks for listening, I guess.”
“Good.”
“Is he okay?” That was Sam’s voice.
It was fitting, in a way. Back when photography had been invented, some people had thought that having their picture taken would capture their soul. There was some truth to it: as a photographer, Castiel always sought to capture the soul of an event, the atmosphere of the instant, the palpable but intangible love, and to make it live forever.
“You’re the baby of the house, she never threatens you, you dummy,” Claire said, rolling her eyes.
. He had missed the sense of taste, although it had come back lately. But now, he could fully enjoy the burger Dean had cooked for him. Dean had never cooked anything for him; this was new, and it was almost as delicious as the burger.
Charlie’s face was commiserating for a reason he couldn’t fathom. “Well, I wish you the best of luck.”
“Oh, young love, there is a lot to be said about silly little conversations,” Rowena said. “How many good marriages have started because two people started talking about the weather?”
He was walking from tent to tent and from feast table to feast table, trying to photograph every funny scene he saw (was this man LARPing as
?” Disappointment and anger left a bitter taste in Dean’s mouth.
Because there
Dean caressed Cas’ cheek once again, and got up, propping Cas up as he did. “C’mon. We don’t have much time. Dunno where this Empty bitch is. We have to get you back.”
"I know," he answered.
Still better than the Empty, now.
Dean went very still for a moment, his back still turned to Castiel. Finally, he turned to Castiel, very slowly, his shirt in his hand, and looking very flushed.
Dean took care of his face last.
truth would be comforting, huh? It’s the real truth that frightens you.” Before Dean even had time to process what she had said (what did it even
“We should—” Dean gestured towards the window, presumably to indicate that they should talk about this outside.
Well, certainly not there, waiting for Cas and Dean to get married.
Castiel nodded. “I think... I think every love story is different. Some were meant to be and some are beautiful accidents. Sometimes destiny works out and sometimes we write our own.”
“Nah, it wasn’t. Is that – is that a problem?” Dean asked nervously. “Did you want it to be?”
“More than anything,” Castiel confessed. “But only if you too still want that. After I – uh—”
be Cas. Only Cas would make sure this is Dean. Only Cas would touch him like that – like a lover.
Dean hesitates. What should he do? Add only his own blood? He shrugs. If it doesn’t work, he’ll try differently, that’s all. He’ll try day after day if he has to.
Dean looked at his mark, mouth open in a way that would have been funny at literally any other time. He tried to speak, swallowed back the words – whatever they were – and gulped audibly. He couldn’t seem to tear his eyes away from it. His hand rose as if on autopilot to reach the place where his own mark was branded into his skin, a perfect mirror of Castiel’s own.
“Dean… I can’t bring Cas back.”
Sam’s grin was so wide that Dean almost rolled his eyes out of habit – but hey, it was his wedding day. If there was one day in his entire life for his brother to look like a grinning idiot, it was this one.
“You son of a bitch,” Dean said, half-laughing half-scolding. “You
As Castiel thinks that, the words Dean’s voice utters change. “
for some reason. The décor was
“Because Cas is the only one that God can’t control.”
Dean doesn’t know what to expect. He doesn’t care. He’s prepared for everything – fighting, negotiating, begging.
Dean pulled away, ready for Cas to tell him ‘you know, I think I was wrong, we’re just best friends and nothing more, feelings are terribly complicated,’ but all he saw was his own dread mirrored in Cas’s eyes.
“Why, if it’s true?”
“You know not everybody flirts like Bal and Gabe and Meg, right?” Kaia intervened. “Most people go with
“Speaking of,” Dean cuts in, once again. “You have someone I want.”
marathon was ruined.
He turned to Cas. As he did so, he couldn’t help but caress the skin of Cas’s palm, just because he could. “You ready?”
?) she brightened up and said, “You know what? We shouldn’t fight about this.”
Dean answered him with another kiss.
with you, Dean.
Cas’s smile was impossibly large as he stood up and helped Dean up. His grin felt even better on Dean’s lips when the back of Dean’s knees hit the bed and they stumbled into bed together.
Today: Dean in the Empty! Will he find Cas?
Jack nodded, looking down once again.
So he followed the voice.
Maybe he was allowed to, now.
All this time spent being shamed that people knew what he felt, and if he’d gotten his head out of his ass, he’d have understood they weren’t just speaking about
The wings – the heart – the markings. Castiel’s mark was over
“Cas?” he calls, but of course, he doesn’t hear his own voice.
“Should we – try?” he asked.
“If you really  think I can do it... then I’ll try,” Castiel mused.
It dawns on him, then: he is home. He is home, because Dean came for him. Because Dean refused to let him go. Stubborn and loving man that he is.
“Doesn’t prevent you from liking him.”
know that. It was just a dare between friends. It meant nothing.
“Cas –” he starts. He hates how broken his voice sounds. He would like to say the three little words, but there is a dam in his chest that blocks everything that shouldn’t get out.
“CAS! Cas,
“We barely had time to talk, though,” Cas said mournfully. “We had a beautiful conversation after the ceremony, but after that, I only saw him in passing during the party. I couldn’t do what you said – I didn’t have the time to seduce him.”
Cas was looking like a deer caught in the headlights. And then, Cas broke eye contact. He looked away, averting Dean’s gaze and looking fascinated by the corner of the table.
“My soulmate is
He holds his fingers in front of his eyes, but he doesn’t see them.
“No.”
cake for Charlie and Dorothy that totally
“Castiel Shurley, right?” Dean Winchester asked as he steadied Castiel on his feet.
He doesn’t know how he can be Cas’s happiness, but that’s what he wants: to make Cas happy.
And Dean’s heart will leap in his chest; he’ll steal Cas’s lips; and he’ll say the Words again.)
“I don’t want my friggin’ soulmate. I wish I didn’t even have one. I wish it was just
“So many?” Dean will laugh.
They started to walk, wandering between the tents and the people, Castiel stopping from time to time to take a picture.
that tux on you.”
“We were surprised too. We shouldn’t have been, though.”
“I – I don’t understand that reference. What does that mean?”
He felt giddy, and nervous, and excited. He met Dean’s gaze several times as he took photos of the various speeches and of the cutting of the cake and of the brides’ first dance together. Dean always seemed to be looking at him. Castiel also nearly dropped his camera into a bowl of punch, but thankfully Gabriel didn’t notice.
But Cas was silent again, and all of a sudden Dean
He is methodical, though. One book after the other; one shelf after the other. He looks at everything. He uses Sam’s system to find the books that can help him. Rage is gone; there’s only cold determination now.
Cas is gone.
“Just ask him to give you his number and tell him that you’d love to spend time with him outside of all these weddings,” Kaia shrugged.
He pulled away again, panting. “Cas…” he said breathlessly. He couldn’t say anything, though, because Cas was kissing him furiously. When he finally pulled away, Dean said, his voice throaty, “We should move to the bed.” He hesitated, then added, “If you want to. We don’t have to--”
“God?” Dean answers.
If only – he could have – he should have told Cas there
Unless it is a trick, of course. Perhaps the Empty is waiting for Castiel to follow the voice. Or perhaps this is Chuck? Chuck has retrieved people from the Empty before. Perhaps he wants to capture and torture Castiel some more.
, Dean wants to answer, but the words won’t get out of his mouth.
“I promise, Dean. I promise.”
When she puts it that way, Dean feels oddly glad. Glad to have the privilege to know Cas.
He moves his fingers on Dean’s palm, and this, too, feels intimate. He spells the letters of Dean’s name, slowly, one after the other.
? Never heard that one.”
Rowena’s notes, the Book of the Damned. That should do it, Dean thinks. How hasn’t he thought of it sooner? Maybe he should call Rowena. He doesn’t know where his phone is, though. He dropped it at some point – it kept buzzing, and Dean can’t care about the rest of the world when Cas is no longer there. The world be damned, he thinks, and he knows he’ll regret thinking that, but right now, he can’t bring himself to care. Why would he care when Cas is dead?
They had to team up to undo the buttons of Cas’s shirt. Cas’s fingers were trembling just as much.
God, what a socially inept doofus. Dean loved him so much.
And if Balthazar had been there... well, it was a good thing Balthazar was not there, because Castiel was positive he would have asked the best man to pose for an art piece. Quite possibly naked. Oh, who was he kidding, Balthazar would have insisted on the nudity. Castiel couldn’t blame Bal, of course – this man
“You?” it asks.
Cas sighed. “Dean – I no longer have my ‘mojo,’ as you say. The Empty has ripped my grace from me right before we went through that portal. I am human, now.”
They met in the middle; Cas couldn’t say who dove in first. He forgot the question as soon as their lips touched, though.
“Dean. I’m fine. Go,” Cas interrupted him.
noticed the best man. Which was out of the ordinary, to say the least. He did not make it a point to ogle the best men at every job he got. What was even
‘The only light you need,’ huh? Well that was fucking sweet but not very helpful, since Dean saw nothing but pitch black. He couldn’t even see his own hands.
So he kissed Cas again, frantic and clumsy, because he just couldn’t stop kissing his angel now that he had the right to, and he set on to the task. He threw the trench coat away, kissed away Cas’s protest at seeing his precious trench coat treated with so little care, and went on to undo the tie despite his trembling fingers. Was he trembling because he was too eager, or because he was afraid? A little bit of both, probably.
“Must be exhausting to attend weddings,” Dean noticed airily as he took a bite of cake.
He had to stop right now. His cock was feeling like it was about to explode.
Castiel's POV!
And he feels warm all over, and jittery, and his stomach does weird things.
“It’s a nice change from your usual flannel shirt,” Sam added, because he was a little shit like that.
“They’re half-brothers,” Rowena cleared up dismissively. “What matters is that he came with Adam yesterday to help out. He will be there at the wedding, Castiel honey. I must mention,” she added with a mischievous smile, “that you are to be at this wedding too.”
“No,” he said ferociously, and he kissed Cas again, forcefully, pressing him tight against his body, a hand around his waist and the other on his neck. “I love you. I want you.” He peppered kisses on Cas’ lips each time he paused. “I’m yours.” Kiss. “I’ve always been yours.” Kiss. “You have my heart.” Kiss. “You can have your happiness, Cas.” Kiss. “You can have me.” Kiss. “All of me.” Kiss. “I’m yours. I’m yours. I’m yours.” Kiss. “I love you so fucking much.”
“The little angel! I knew it. It was obvious, of course. Did he finally tell you he loved you? Oh, of course he did. That’s why he was happy enough for me to take him, huh? You and him got all loved up –”
Dean breathed in, deeply. “I think soulmates are bullshit.”
“I’ll have to photograph the feast, but – we can talk later. About what you want. For however long you want.”
“Have I ever told you that I love you?” he’ll say.
New tears run down his cheeks, and he can’t breathe.
Claire said he had fallen quickly, and that was true: it had come to him like a thunderstorm. Rowena, on the other hand, said that he was taking his sweet time, and that was true as well: it had taken months of talking through texts, months of getting to know Dean, but his little crush had blossomed into something more.
“I’m ready to photograph them once they’re out.” Castiel looked around. “Usually, the guests are out and waiting for the newlyweds to come out too, but I suppose it’s a little bit too cold.” He frowned. “Did you come out in the cold to talk to me?”
“Yeah, no. I don’t buy it. It’s because you and I ‘share a more profound bound.’”
When he pulled away, he saw that he had left a rather impressive lovebite there. Good. Cas was
him. I’ll do everything it takes to have him back.”
Dean thinks. Tears and despair burn his eyes again. Does it end because Cas never had a Nephilim child? It can’t be possible.
“I’m not the Princess Bride,” she replied, punching him in the arm. “Not the devil either.”
He is back, and he is Dean’s, and Dean is breathing again.
Dean is here, for him. Dean has come for him.
interested and because he had
“Pictures are good?” the best man asked, pointing to the camera Castiel was still holding.
them to you, actually – I’ll help you go in the shower—”
And he obeyed.
Cas opened his eyes, and smiled. “It’s okay, Dean.”
“Handsome,” Sam answered. “Cas will
“Yeah? And why not?”
But he wanted a little bit more, he thought. He pulled his hands away, and before Cas had the time to protest he pushed Cas on the pillows until Cas was laying down. He grabbed Cas’s face and kissed him like there was no tomorrow. Cas’s hands released his cock as well, and Dean soon felt them on his shoulders, caressing and scratching lightly as they kissed and rocked against each other.
“She is more terrifying than you will ever know.”
Being on Earth all of a sudden is a brutal change. The light make their eyes burn with tears, and their ears fill with sounds – the rumble of water in the pipes, the soft sound of Cas’s trenchcoat against Dean’s shirt.
“So, Jack is God,” he beamed.
“And he received the invite with the typo?” Gabriel perked up.
Then, there is nothing but silence. Silence, silence, silence, eternal silence. Perhaps Dean’s voice was but a dream. This is something Castiel could imagine, just like he often imagines that his feelings might not be unrequited or one-sided. He often imagines that Dean smiles at him, or looks at him, in a special way, or that Dean’s words hide something
Everything about him, from his absurd worshipping of his car to the hurt in him that Castiel wanted to soothe, from his passion for classic rock music and his love of plaid shirts, to the way he was always so nice and gentle even if he believed he wasn’t – everything about Dean was precious to Castiel, and he held everything close to his heart like a treasure.
to say it.
The two of them were speechless for a different reason now.
They were wide still, but with surprise and flickering hope this time. As wide as the door that was open before them now.
“Finally!” a voice boomed from inside the church, and they started.
His fingers were trembling as he trailed them on Cas’s face. He had never really dared to do it before. Hands were safer on cloth than on skin. The skin was soft though. But cold. Dean knew that once Cas would be alive again, this skin would feel warm under his worshipping touch.
normal between them; it is good, even if he (stupidly, selfishly) dreams of
Removing the stitches was not quite as making them. This time, the silence that stretched between them was anything but comfortable. Dean’s fingers barely touched Cas’s skin, as if Dean was afraid of contact now that there was no urgency and now that the elation over their victory had faded. Cas willed himself not to care, but it was a lost cause.
. I don’t care about my soulmate, I choose
“Jack’s elixir worked miracles,” Cas agreed.
the trench coat was. It was a cheesy thing to say though, so Dean wouldn’t say it – or at least, he wouldn’t say it to Sam.
Oh, the irony.
Castiel had a nervous smile (as if he could say anything that wouldn’t be beautiful), and he began, slowly but earnestly. “Dean. When I was younger and lost, I used to wonder what my true happiness could look like. I know now that if happiness had a face, it would be yours. You make me the happiest being on Earth every single day that passes. You’re the most caring and loving man I will ever know, and I am thankful I met you – and even more thankful that you love me back.”
Sam frowned, and Dean saw the precise moment when he took in Dean’s and Cas’s hands, locked together; and then the way they were standing close to each other; then Cas’s clothes; then the gloriously red lovebite on Cas’s neck; and the moment when he pieced it together with the noises he had probably heard during the night. Dean waited, embarrassed and a little bit stressed out; but Sam, after flushing very red, broke into a large smile and said, “Of course. I’m so happy for you guys.”
“Thanks, man.” Dean sat back in his chair, a smug smile on his lips. “Besides, I have to get to know you better since all my friends are getting married.”
Cas, too, felt safer than ever.
Immediately, all tension leaves Dean’s body. Cas steps up, bringing them closer to each other, and Dean’s body relaxes against his.
“Come in, come in!” Rowena exclaimed, pushing all the others out of the way. “Let him in, you all, let him in!”
Dean didn’t know, though, that the tenderness in his touch was breaking Cas, just a little, at the same time that it healed him. Cas hadn’t known either, until now, that a mere touch could repair and rupture at the same time. Cas felt resurrected and torn at the seams, and he relished every second of it, even through the pain in his body and the sting of the needle.
They don’t know how long they stay embraced, delighting in the simple joy of this hug. They let go in the end: Dean wants to see Cas’s face. They have to talk, after all.
-- and his glorious cock, hard and long and thin and red, and all for him. His for the touching, his for the tasting, his for the taking-- Dean’s head spinned with all the ideas of what they could do.
He should not. The Empty will never accept it. There will be a price to pay – there is
Cas was looking down at his own hands too.
“It was my problem, Dean!”
“Too much study and pressure, too few rewards, huh?” Dean asked. “I get that.”
“Well. Doesn’t matter. You want your angel back to love him up some more, don’t you?”
Both Castiel and Dean turned to see the groom – Sam – gesturing at his brother and beckoning him to the center of the room. Dean looked back at Castiel, biting his lips.
“If love really takes time as Auntie Rowena says, then it’s perfect!” Jack concluded.
“Fine,” she finally spits. “I’ll help you defeat God if I can. And you can take your little angel back, if you want him so much. You’ve woken him up with your ritual, already,” she adds, frowning. “He was on his way to join you, but I wanted to see you first.”
No alcohol had ever inebriated him like that.
“We met at weddings, Dean. I would say our first dates were already very fancy.”
“I don’t care,” Dean said through his teeth. “We’ve -- we’ve ended Chuck’s reign and freed the whole universe, Sam, Cas and I. Don’t you think Cas deserves a ‘thank you’ present? Like, you know, being alive?”
Of course, now that he is awake, he feels some regret. He did not expect to be awake in the Empty, and to be conscious in a world without Dean. But it is worth it; his happiness shall not be tainted by the futile hope of what he cannot have.
“Oh?”
“I don’t know how to text. Let alone how to seduce someone by texting.”
The first contact of his lips with Cas’s skin was electric. It was nothing compared to what Cas was going through, though: he gasped aloud when Dean kissed his stomach.
Castiel was laughing too, now. “Maybe Rowena wouldn’t have been so annoyed if Charlie hadn’t insisted on writing the word ‘bitches’ on the invite.”
“Cas…” he sighed. His hands trailed up along Cas’s arms until they reached his face. They were both trembling now. Cas was looking at him, mouth open, eyes wide. Dean was no longer propped on his elbows, and his half-sitting half-lying position would have been painful if Cas’s arms hadn’t automatically wrapped up around him.
“But with Chuck gone—”
Dean knows that if he manages to wreak this dam, everything will pour out like a raging river, in a thunderous roar that will break and rebuild everything. But he’s been containing things for so long...
get it. I don’t want someone who is perfect for me, you know? I want someone who will
“Are you telling me,” Gabriel panted, his eyes shining with tears, “that he made cowboy jokes to you?”
“For eternity.”
So he keeps touching, higher and higher. He touches a face. Caresses it, hoping that he isn’t caressing Lucifer or Crowley or Gabriel or anyone that isn’t Cas. This nose; these lips; these eyebrows; they feel like Cas. Like the map Dean sometimes draws of Cas’s face and body at night, when he lets himself think and dream and hope. But a fantasy isn’t the real thing. He doesn’t know Cas’s body. If he had let himself feel, if he’d gotten his head out of his ass sooner, he’d be able to trace all the lines of Cas’s face by memory alone, he’d know the texture of his skin, he’d know where to trail kisses to make Cas laugh or relax or throw his head back in pleasure. He doesn’t.
He couldn’t help doing it in the end, though. His hips rocked softly, almost against his wish. His cock rubbed against the length of Cas and it was so good, so perfect, that he couldn’t help doing it again. And again. And again.
He looked unchanged. He still wore his white jacket and he still saluted Dean with his trademark awkward handwave (God was a fucking three-year-old. Damn). He still looked like Cas, too, so much that Dean sometimes wondered if Jack wasn’t actually Cas’s secret lovechild or something. The only thing different was the subtle glow about him -- something pure and holy and divine, that Chuck had never possessed once in his pathetic existence.
Castiel would have loved nothing more than to solve his gay UST with Dean, but he wasn’t even sure Dean felt the tension. He didn’t say a thing, opting to look at Dean closely instead. But Dean didn’t say anything either.
Dean doesn’t feel ready to talk about this.
He crawled down until he was face to face with Cas’s erection. He licked his lips nervously. That was something he had thought of often, first watching some hot guys and then when he thought about Cas late at night, and the fantasies had become more and more invasive until chasing them away became a futile effort and he had just accepted that it was something he dreamt of doing to Cas. But doing it for real… What if Cas didn’t like it? What if he wasn’t good at it?
(See the end of the chapter for
His voice was more forceful, yet it was still trembling. He was too miserable to even be ashamed about it, though.
Dean’s smile was tight but sincere, as if he knew what Castiel meant, as if he understood.
Dean’s eyes were searching his, desperate and pleading as Cas had rarely seen. It reminded him of Purgatory. This was not a good memory. But just as Dean had looked for him then, he had come for him now. And that? That was too precious for Cas to waste.
“It’s not what I mean,” Cas insists. “You do not have to – er – return my feelings. I am grateful for what you did, and – it’s enough for me, Dean. I don’t expect anything, and I will never force my feelings on you, I promise you.”
“And... that’s why you never said anything.”
“Cas, come on. I’m not leaving you here. You won’t rot in Hell. Come with me,” Dean insisted. “Don’t listen to them, Cas, please.”
He takes a prudent step. Then a second one. He tries to circle the area where he landed. Nothing.
“At least it’s not my most expensive shirt,” Dean mumbled. “I’ll have to change, though. I, uh – I have a spare shirt in my car.” He was looking at Cas expectantly. “Are you – do you still have work to do, or—”
Wake up... angels couldn’t sleep... Unless...
“I can’t believe they went to war about a typo,” Dean snorted.
Dean hated Chuck for writing the fucking Winchester gospel, he hated the books for being accurate, and he hated Charlie for fucking reading them.
But he hasn’t been better, he’s been worse than ever, and now Cas is dead again, dead to save him, taken by evil black goo like the one that coils in Dean’s stomach. It makes him want to throw up, or perhaps to throw things, or maybe to just lay there and wait for the end.
Castiel has always trusted Dean, with his life, with his heart, with his everything. He would let no one else guide him in the dark.
Dean gasped as their tongues touched for the first time.
“Yeah. I didn’t know it was you. Scratch that – I thought it
It felt like Heaven.
And suddenly, a perfect stranger was removing God’s looming shadow from his name.  “I don’t mind it at all. I like it very much.”
Dean looked at him in such a way in that moment – as if he understood what Castiel wanted to say, as if he
“It’s not that I don’t
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas says again.
(Later, in half an hour, Sam and Jack will barge into the Bunker, convinced that Dean and Cas haven’t answered their phones because something happened. (They’re right, of course.) They’ll come, expecting to find two dead bodies, and instead they’ll find a room scattered with books, and Dean and Castiel kissing, kissing, kissing in the middle of it as if they can’t stop.
Dean’s face looked less tense than usual, as if he had let go of the perpetual strain that restrained him from being happy. Oh, it was still there, but Dean’s face looked softer than it had in a long, long time – Cas fondly remembered a time when Dean’s laugh was free instead of forced, when true joy would spark in his eyes, even if rarely.
And just like that, their resident rebellious teenager perked up.
The ceremony itself came as a bit of relief. Castiel could focus on it instead of panicking over speaking with someone who had witnessed him ridicule himself
“Good.” Castiel couldn’t tear his eyes away from Dean’s smile. It was
Dean can’t let that happen.
There were bodies scattered all around him. His siblings, murdered by his blade. His siblings again, fallen victim to his wars. Angels and humans he killed. Angels and humans he hadn’t been able to save. The bodies were innumerable.
, maybe.
Dean would have loved to say that his reaction was mature, level-headed, and completely indifferent. As it was, though, the beer he was drinking went the wrong way and he choked.
“Me neither,” Dean agreed softly. “Let’s just—”
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel tried not to smile at the lyrics. He failed.
The gooey tentacles were more and more numerous by the minute. They were not attacking Dean – perhaps, Cas supposed in his fevered, half-conscious state, because Dean was human and humans weren’t the Empty’s prerogative – but they seemingly took great pleasure in attacking Cas. Their touch burnt; their grip scarred. They attacked his legs, his face, his arms, his torso, his grace itself.
“Rowena isn’t terrifying,” Jack objected, “she’s always nice.”
Envelop the Nephilim blood in a cloth. Burn all the blood. Pray to the fire.
This wedding was special. More so than any other wedding Castiel had ever intended – and that included the very first wedding he had been hired for.
Dean didn’t know what to do. He wanted to ask again, to insist, to run away, to laugh and say it was a joke, to kiss Cas, to admit the truth and be done with it. In the end, he just waited here. He couldn’t move, and he couldn’t speak as the silence stretched out and the question was left hanging between them.
There was Cas’s ‘yes’ -- soft and hesitant, an admission and a question -- and Dean’s inner ‘yes’ -- euphoric and hopeful, a victory and a possibility.
The hand he is holding moves. Cas’s fingers are spelling something on his skin.
, Dean thought fondly, the one they had found and built.
All this time wasted, and here Cas is, making it beautiful, and real, and true, and the best thing ever to happen to Dean, making it everything Dean ever wanted, only to be taken from him.
If it was all meant to end in tragedy anyway, then why hasn’t Dean tried? A few moments of happiness before the big end – but happiness, for Cas, was dying unloved, dying for Dean, and Dean never hated himself more.
Dean knew he couldn’t have what he wanted, either – except that he could, and he was too stupid to realise it. It’s so blaringly obvious now, in everything Cas has ever said and done. Every touch of his fingers on Dean’s skin – if Dean hadn’t been so busy wishing the butterflies away he would have known. Every time Cas adverted his eyes, kept himself from looking – Dean should have seen it, because he always did the same thing, but hey, he was probably too busy looking away too.
“Wait, you’re the one who hates soulmarks, you don’t get to be pissed off because someone might not want you to be their soulmate—”
“Dean is my soulmate.” The words felt unreal. They
at this.
Yet Dean was blown away when he walked into the barn this time around. Their family had promised they would make the place beautiful (Rowena especially had been thrilled by the challenge), but he hadn’t expected
“I thought you were simply thanking me for being considerate with Sam and Eileen!”
The silence that answered him was deafening in its compassion and its consternation.
more.
“Well, I told her I wasn’t
“I wouldn’t,” Gabriel protested in a fashion that was eerily reminiscent of the time Rowena had denied sending Castiel to the Adam/Michael wedding on purpose. “Actually, some pastries hadn’t been delivered yet, and I thought maybe I’d come out here and help you out or something.” He winked. “I saw you with the cowboy. Dean, right?”
His family had assuaged these questions, a little. His family and he had fashioned each other, and were perfect for each other. They loved him, unconditionally, and he loved them too. And that was enough for him.
He feels as if he’s screaming in the void.
“There’s something else you need to know,” Dean added. He talked quickly, like someone who wasn’t used to long discussions of uncomfortable things. “My mark – it only appeared after that second time. After we met at Bess and Garth’s wedding.”
“Dean-”
.” Each of Dean’s kisses was suddenly reciprocated with passion, and each of Dean’s sentences was punctuated with a sigh.
and what part was fashioned for his soulmate’s taste. Yet at some point, Cas had wanted to know whose soul he had been fashioned for. He had wanted to belong. To
is new), the feel of his stubble on Cas’s cheek, of his chest against his (Dean is breathing a lot too fast, until all of a sudden all tension leaves him, and it is as if Dean is
“No,” he answered, trying to not sound too eager or too desperate. “You can stay.”
Dean landed on his back once again, but this time the soft mattress cushioned his fall. The best thing, though, was Cas landing on him. Feeling their bodies so close, so connected -- that was pure bliss. Even if Cas accidentally elbowed him in the stomach and his knee hit Cas’s leg rather violently.
– he gets Cas back.
His hand touches his left shoulder, absent-mindedly. The last time Cas touched him, and it wasn’t for any of the things Dean sometimes imagined, when he was too tired of pretending.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas answers. The note of happiness in his voice is a victory for Dean: a win against the Empty, against Death, and against God, and against the universe that is so set on destroying them. Cas is happy, but he’s still there. The Empty is true to her word.
“And, anyway... ” Dean went on. “Sam and I, we were thinking... maybe we could retire. We’ve done enough, and we’d like to settle down, and... since our luck was all Chuck’s, we don’t want to risk it. There shouldn’t be any other Apocalypse, so we thought about that.” He laughed. “Bringing you back was our last mission, you could say.”
Cas will wake up, slowly, and Dean will relish it, as always.
Dean nodded. “Yeah.” He sucked in a breath.  “I mean, how could you – it’s me, and I’m not – I’m too... ”
Dean flashed a gorgeous smile as he nodded once. Castiel tried not to let himself be
I promise we see Cas in the next chapter! Don't be angry, I needed the negotiation thing to happen!
Yeah. Well. He had reasons to.
“But it doesn’t mean the rest isn’t true,” Dean points out. “Chuck will destroy Cas forever. Do you think I’d want that?”
the wedding because he had a
Cas was right. It is freeing, after all. To admit it all. To confess it all. And the Empty doesn’t even blink – doesn’t even seem to consider it abnormal. She says it as if it were a universal truth. Something simple, unquestionable.
Maybe Jack hadn’t only wanted to speak about faith and love when he spoke about Dean’s heart. Maybe he also meant that
They didn’t want a fancy restaurant for their first date, and a shitty diner wasn’t good enough for a first date either. He had decided they should have a picnic instead. It was supposed to be perfect: they would lie on a blanket on the top of a hill and eat and watch the stars, and they would kiss and talk and... well, whatever would happen in the heat of the moment. Of course, Dean had forgotten that it had been November at the time, a month where rains could happen. Rains in November happen to be cold.
“Thank you, Dean.”
“And we have to threaten you properly,” Meg added.
“It is late,” Castiel answered. “I photographed the dance... I think my job here is done.”
“No! Not at all! I don’t care about Charlie-- it was a stupid thing she made me do-- Don’t think about it. She was right, is all.”
But it was a sweet dream, and after his stay in the Empty, Castiel needed those. He had always been a dreamer, and he had always dreamt of what he could not have. It was a terrible life choice, and something he should be careful not to indulge in later on, but right now, he was tired, so tired, and this dream was comfort rather than torture – so he let himself enjoy it.
“You did it on purpose,” Castiel accused.
Has the Empty let them reunite only to keep them here forever – together, but kept separate nevertheless?
Castiel had to think about it. “I don’t think he did, no,” he said softly. “He was... very focused on our conversation.”
it. “Cas.” Feeling it on his skin like that feels oddly intimate.
“I saw it in your reflection.”
When they get back, he’ll have to remedy that problem.
Sam will kill him when he gets home and sees the mess Dean is leaving – books discarded and scattered on the floor, open boxes of dangerous artefacts –
,” Dean protested again. His hands were trembling now; he curled them into fists to hide it.
“I think I’ve heard worse,” Jack mused, which didn’t reassure Castiel about their parenting abilities in the slightest.
Okay, he didn’t know what he wanted to sound like, and he definitely didn’t know how his voice came across either. It just sounded hoarse and a little breathless.
Cas squeezes back.
Castiel was
Dean seemed relieved to find another subject to talk of. He told Castiel everything – Chuck’s new plan, Jack’s new capacities, the return of Michael and Lucifer, the betrayals, the plan, Jack becoming God.
Castiel closed his eyes as Dean’s protective hands disinfected, bandaged and stitched. Dean’s touch had grown even more gentle. It was as if he barely dared touch Castiel’s skin – was he afraid that Cas’s state would worsen? Castiel couldn’t tell him, though, that he barely felt the pain, but that Dean’s fingers alone shattered him in a million pieces.
So he can say it. He can be as brave and sincere as Cas, because – because he has no reason not to.
“Don’t bring them into your conspiracy!”
“Seems so.”
“Cas loves my flannel shirts.”
“Me too,” Dean said under his breath.
“Welcome, family, friends, and loved one. We are gathered here today to celebrate the union of Castiel Shurley and Dean Winchester.
“Me too, Dean,” Cas answered. His name rolled on Cas’s tongue in a way that screamed of sex and love and passion and veneration and lust all at the same time, and Dean couldn’t wait anymore: he threw his arms around Cas’s middle and pulled him in for a hard, passionate kiss as they fell into bed again.
it shouldn’t even be legal.
“Or maybe,” she said with an innocent smile that didn’t reach her knowing eyes, “you’re afraid he’ll say yes?”
room, a seclusion room where they would break their fast and share a few moments together.
“That’s not something you
Dean was so relieved that he allowed the tears to run down his cheeks.
believe that? It was amusing at first, but it’s becoming exhausting, really. Too bad it’s not exhausting enough to send me back to SLEEP!” She yells that last word.
“You will, Cas, you will.” Dean raised a hand and caressed Castiel’s cheek. His touch was soft, it yearned and it soothed in equal measure. “And yeah. I still want it.”
“Let’s get back home, right?” he whispered, punctuating each word with a kiss.
. Where does that come from? He winces, ashamed of himself. His heart misses a beat. What if he completely misunderstood the situation? Cas has said “I love you” before, but it never meant –
. Unless Castiel sprinted – but that would be pathetic. Still, he thought about it for a solid five seconds before he sighed and turned on his heels.
So far, it didn’t feel very different from their usual post-resurrection hug. But Dean -- Dean
Of course, it was stupid of him to want to see Dean that badly given that Dean probably wasn’t interested, but he was sure that there was a beautiful friendship in the making between Dean and he, even if there was nothing else – and friendships were one of the best joys of life.
“I don’t think it will lead me anywhere,” Castiel said, trying not to sound too bitter or too sad. “And I don’t think we could be soulmates, either.”
Dean looked up. His smile was sad. “Not being able to protect those you love – I get that.”
, dumbass.”
Of course, his sentence might have had more impact if he hadn’t been clutching tight  Marvelous Marvin the Talking Teddy, but that was Jack for you: wise beyond his fifteen years of age and behaving like a toddler nonetheless.
“You could say that,” Dean shrugged.
The silence between them was comfortable as Castiel showed his photos to Dean – Adam and Michael saying yes, the colors of the stained windows glimmering on their cheeks as they exchanged rings and vows and kisses.
“Now, gentlemen, it is time for your vows.”
“I enjoy time spent with someone special a lot more,” Castiel answered.
Maybe Cas needed Dean to help him out a little. And, well, everything for Cas, right? Even if it didn’t make Dean happy.
Perhaps that was because Cas had uttered the word “love” again. It probably made Dean nervous. Perhaps he didn’t know how to tell Cas what he already knew – that his feelings weren’t returned and would never be, and that he, Dean, had difficulties dealing with Castiel’s revelation.
“Of course you can—”
“You have no proof he is.”
Then strong arms wrapped themselves around his middle and a rough voice near his ear said, “Whoa!”
– mark in his reflection for the past few weeks. He knew that strange cocktail of disbelief and despair and awe. Or, well, he hoped that maybe Dean was a little awed too.
The trembling hand on his face discovers his body, soft and slow, as if they were making love. This hand screams
his soulmate. He’d always thought he’d be paired off with someone who was either a psycho or someone who was... okay, but not the person who’d make him the best and happiest version of himself.
“Oooh, someone’s got a big crush—”
“Don’t mention your brothers when we’re about to have sex, Cas, it’s gross.”
And Sam will ask, “And Billie?” And they’ll tell them, about the deal, and how Cas sacrificed himself to save Dean, and how Dean came to rescue him.
“How’s everything going out there?” Dean asked instead as he tried to readjust his tie for the hundredth time in the last half-hour.
“Obviously.”
“Balthazar?” Dean asked. He was no longer looking at Castiel, electing to cut his cake into slices with his fork instead. “Best friend?”
“He did,” Castiel mused. “He fell off his chair when he received the—Wait.” A thought was niggling at the back of his brain. “The wedding invitation disaster. If I remember correctly, the compromise was that the straight and tight-laced guests would receive the invite with the proper spelling, and the brides’ LGBTQ+ friends would receive the one with the typo... right?” Hope dripped off the last whispered word.
They traded kisses in the night, gasping for breath but never leaving the other’s lips for long.
There was
Jack looked up and beamed. “Cas!” He stood up and threw himself in Cas’s arms, the picture of the grieving son who had
“So, that’s it for tonight, I guess,” Dean muttered as they stood in front of Castiel’s front door.
, he called in his mind, praying ardently, like he had prayed in Purgatory.
Cas’s eyes, brimming with tears. So blue, so beautiful, gone and closed and cold.
He would have liked to say that he didn’t duck and try to hide behind a table, but that wouldn’t be true.
He straightened the flower pinned on his chest, and couldn’t conceal a smile as his fingers brushed over their soulmark, hidden under the multiple layers he was wearing. A heart sheltered by two beautiful wings – love, protection, acceptance, family.
“Don’t be sorry,” he croaked, forcing the words out of his dry mouth. “I’m glad I was wrong.”
Fright fills Castiel’s veins and grace when he understands what this means. Is Dean actually trying to wake him up? To bring him back from the Empty?
could abandon you. Not happening, Cas.” He hesitated, looking down at his hands. “Hey, Cas, you – you know that I’m here for you, right? No matter what. The good and the bad, I’m here for... everything.”
“No, no, it’s okay,” Castiel hurried to say, because having a family member threaten bodily harm on the first date wasn’t exactly
Cas needed to wake up, and quickly. The Empty was probably busy elsewhere but it wouldn’t last. Good things rarely do.
This is Cas. Only Cas would know. No one else knows. Dean knows the feeling of Cas’s hand there. It can only be Cas.
They kissed again, so giddy they were trembling. Dean bit Cas’s lower lip in a decidedly non-sexy way, and they hit their teeth, and the kiss was generally too sloppy, but Dean couldn’t bring himself to care because it was
But Cas cannot say all these things to Dean, so he smiles, and he deflects it. “I thought I was already family before I made the deal,” he says lightly.
(A few years down the road, Dean will wake up in their bed. They will be in the dark, cuddling, because they always find each other even in the dark. And Dean will not be able to see Cas’s face, but by that point he will know every detail of it, and if you asked him he could map Cas’s entire body from memory alone, as he promised himself he would, that day, in the Empty.
“Makes sense, I guess.” Dean licked his lips nervously. “I, uh, I get it. It’s kind of a big thing. Did it – turn you off or frighten you? Because I promise you, I care about
someone’s. He hadn’t been fashioned the way his mother wanted him to, and the way society expected him to be.
“My regrets are not about choosing you. They are about my inability to protect you, and Sam, and Jack, and all those I love, from harm.” He hesitated, then reached forward, touching Dean’s arm with his hand. “Dean, you will never be a regret I have.”
say things like that and then sacrifice yourself away. You complete idiot. I love you so much.”
“I’m so happy everything is okay now,” Jack said, hugging Castiel tight.
“Why did you open the door to Lucifer?” Cas asked, frowning.
He stroked Cas’s cock, slowly, rejoicing in Cas’s sighs of pleasure. There was already precome on the tip, and Dean decided to use it as a natural lubricant. When he brushed his thumb against the tip, Cas gasped and moaned, and Dean just
“Everything,” Cas said seriously. “I love every part of you. And I want everything with you.” He looked down for a second. “If you want to, that is.”
Castiel caught a whiff of cologne, looked up... and met green eyes.
Charlie gave him a small, condescending smile. Dean hated this conversation already. Also, Charlie had just watch him choke to death and she hadn’t done a thing to help him. She was
The hair feels like Cas’s, too. Unruly and soft to the touch.
He was looking as gorgeous as always – his cheeks were slightly rosy with the cold and snowflakes were lying on his eyelashes and his thick dark blue coat, as if they had finally found a warm place to rest – Cas really understood that sentiment.
“I’ve been getting better,” Cas said. Then he went serious again. “Jack will not be Chuck. He will be much better.”
“Dean...”
Then there is light.
“It was the strippers.”
They removed Dean’s shirt and t-shirt together, sending them at the other end of the room without a care. They couldn’t stop rocking their bodies together though. Then Cas’s hands were hovering over his tented jeans. The simple
“But how did you end up being a
No, happiness for Cas was
“That’s what happened.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The seventh one is a revelation. Their tongues slide against each other, they play and caress. They explore the other’s mouth, tasting each other in a brand new way, worshipping each other with passion.
, not
“And all this time we could have...”
“I see them all the damn time,” Dean answered quickly, interrupting him. “Unless I’m bothering you. Do you... want me to go?”
Gabriel choked on his lollipop. Castiel patiently waited for him to stop coughing, patting his back to help him.
“Yeah, uh, well, about that...” Dean said, tentatively.
the man. He was one of those people who were naturally photogenic: he didn’t need any instruction to strike the perfect pose, and the camera only enhanced his regular features and made him look like a model. If Castiel had been in the fashion business, he knew he would have spent hours-long sessions snapping away, trying to frame the broad shoulders, the chiselled jaw, the light dancing across his skin, the confident smile.
“Tell our family about this wedding, of course,” Gabriel lied smoothly. “Rowena couldn’t be here – I think she opted out for spite-related reasons, actually – but I know she’s dying to see the results, and the others too.”
“Whoa, is it who I think it is?” she said to Dean. “You’re Castiel!” And she punched him in the arm too. “I’ve heard
“Ask Cas, of course.” She gestured towards the door, and,
“Cas,” he whispered in awe, caressing the soft cheek that was feeling warm again. “Cas. You son of a bitch.”
After taking a few pictures of people dancing, Castiel found Dean standing next to him. Dean looked confident, but if he looked closely, his smile was ever-so-slightly nervous and he was blushing almost as much as Castiel.
“I’m -- I’m not afraid of anything,” Dean protested. He stood up, rolled his shoulders, tried to look confident and not at all upset by this conversation. “He’ll say no, anyway. I’m right and I know it.”
“He wasn’t flirting with me,” Cas interrupted. He walked straight to the kitchen to pour himself some coffee, trying to ignore Meg’s bored “wasn’t he?”
He wishes Cas would hug him, and kiss him – but it’s not for now. It’s for when they’re in the real world again.
Castiel looked down at his screen. His family had answered – they always did.
It had all been very conflicting, to say the least. The mark was something amazing and unachievable and terrifying.
Dean closed his eyes as the word rang in his ears.
, one moment of happiness and boom, he’s gone –” Dean feels his cheeks burn and he stops, cursing himself. Does Cas know that Angel’s happiness was, basically, making love with the woman he loved? How much does Cas know about pop culture, again?
real.”
He is right. He has to be right.
“Yes!”
Dean shook his head with disbelief, clasped his hand around his, and helped him up. “As if I’d abandon you. C’mere. We have to hurry. I think the gooey bitch won’t let you go without a fight. You ready to run?”
“‘Someone special’? Like wh—”
Dean is trembling with all his body. Fear? Adrenaline? Emotion? Castiel wants to comfort him, embrace him, until his body goes soft with trust and calm. He knows he cannot. He would never expect Dean to accept that; it would be too much to ask. Castiel can’t be as selfish as to take without Dean’s enthusiastic consent.
They were moving without sync or grace, but Castiel felt good. They were flirting, his feelings were welcome, and he was having fun. This would be a night to remember, and he wanted to remember it all – the stroboscopic lights, the song, the feeling of Dean’s hand in his own and Dean’s other hand on his waist and Dean’s shoulder under his own hand, and the promise of what was to come—
Claire, breaking down; Claire, bruised all over; Claire, angry and grieving (and Jimmy Novak, too, and his wife).
Was Dean one of
Their naked cocks against each other’s… yes,
Cas’s eyes scan Dean’s face, incredulous. Is it – true? Did this kiss really happen? But yes – Dean is watching him with intent, and it
“No, you’re what angels are
“Together,” he reminded Cas. The word kind of came out from nowhere, but Cas nodded slowly, thoughtfully, and Dean was sure he understood what Dean meant.
"Love you," Dean said sleepily. Cas felt glee at the idea that Dean felt safe enough with him to fall asleep in his arms, in complete abandon.
“Since I’m your soulmate... yes, that might have crossed my mind,” Castiel deadpanned.
Good thing, indeed, he thought fondly as he let sleep wash over him too.
gets it.”
“Me? I would
formed that Dean recognized on sight. Pitch black, bubbly, slimey.
They had to break the kiss to breathe. Dean had forgotten that oxygen existed. As soon as he was breathing again, he attacked Cas’s lips with renewed vigor, and Cas welcomed him with open arms. Dean’s hands left Cas’s face to grip his neck and his waist and pull him closer, impossibly closer.
‘I need you’ was no longer enough. It was true, it had always been, but it wasn’t the whole truth.
Cas was looking at him as if Dean was the best thing he’d ever seen. He had propped himself up but he hadn’t disentangled himself from Dean’s embrace. Not that Dean wanted him too.
“You can come with me, if you wanna,” Dean insisted.
“It doesn’t matter why I want him back. Just let him go.”
“And you?” Dean asked. His tone was abrupt, but his voice was oddly soft and cautious at the same time. “What do you think about... soulmates?”
flirting with me,” he added, turning to Rowena. “He spent the whole evening flirting with every woman at the reception, including the married ones.”
“Hello, Dean. I didn’t hear you there,” Castiel saluted back. Dean’s footsteps had been silent in the snow.
Dean smiles, and answers.
“You could come in and eat with us. Dinner’s ready, and we’d love to know more about you,” Gabriel suggested. He winked at the both of them in a very unsubtle fashion.
“Weird thing to mention, still.”
“I cannot promise you that,” Cas says softly. “With everything going on – with God –”
“No, you need
knowing. That was a gaze that knew too much and hurt Dean too much as well. She knew
He was answered by a frantic, “Yes, Dean, yes, please.”
to be! You are – Cas, you are the one person in the entire universe that defied God, disobeyed him, and won. That’s – that’s pretty extraordinary, Cas. I’m – I’m proud to know you, you know that? I mean –” He suddenly stopped talking, looking embarrassed and nervous once again. If he had asked Cas, though, he would have told Dean those were the words he wanted and needed to hear; that they were soothing an open wound, because Dean – the one who mattered – thought he was
“Cas also loves his trench coat.”
So what if he held Cas’s hand so tight that it could bruise?
And suddenly, he bumps into something.
They looked in silence at Dean and Castiel, who hadn’t stopped kissing. “Idiots,” Charlie snorted.
“Oh, sorry!” a very drunk female voice said. She didn’t sound sorry in the slightest, and she disappeared into the crowd right afterwards.
“Stay forever.”
“I mean it,” Cas adds. His eyes are warm, sincere, and loving. Dean is burning in the inside under their gaze. “What you did for me – I have no words, Dean.”
“Cas!” Dean exclaimed immediately, jumping to his feet. “How’re you feeling?”
happen. And Cas was the best damn thing to ever happen to him.
Castiel’s heart leapt off his chest.
When Castiel came home that night, there was nothing to hear but the low whisper of the TV.
barn.
“Whoa, calm down, green-eyed monster,” Charlie laughed. “The thing is, you don’t have proof that he
Dean's heart missed a bit. "Shut up. He could hear you."
“I can’t wait to tell the others—”
Dean could swear he heard Claire mumble, ‘he always has, you dummy,’ and he had to fight back a laugh.
“Hello, Cas,” he said.
He doesn’t know, though, that he has no need to say it. Cas has been watching this man’s eyes for as long as he can remember, and he needs no words to know what Dean is not being hostile, but insistent.
“So – we try?” Dean whispered in his ear, sending shivers down his spine and warmth coursing through his belly.
Maybe Chuck has won after all.
The words rang loudly in the abyss between them. Even the echoes of Cas’s empty words stopped short when the words left Dean’s mouth.
He had always known that he was not a good angel. That he was a failure at best and a monster at worst. A malfunction, a disappointment, a letdown; he kept trying but it was always worthless. Useless, good for nothing; traitor, bad friend.
Dean answers back as soon as he is finished.
“Ditched me and ghosted me,” Dean completed, a sassy smile dancing on his lips.
Later, they were lying against each other, their naked chests breathing in and out, feeling the other's heart beat in an intimate marriage of skin, flesh and sensation. Dean's fingers were drawing circles on his arm and his head was nested  in the crook of Cas's neck; Castiel had laced their fingers together and he was peppering kisses on Dean's forehead and hair.
“Am I a turn-off, or—” Confusion was painted all across Dean’s face once again.
and that simple fact made the kiss better than any he’d ever had. There was more happiness in a single, clumsy kiss shared with Cas than Dean had ever felt. It was
Regret. Will Cas regret not telling Dean before? Will that be what haunts his angel – never trying with Dean? No, probably not.
And just like that, Cas fell asleep.
heart.
“Finally,” Eileen laughed.
“Cas, are you in love with me?” Dean asked for the third time.
Cas smiles. “Dean –”
Cas’s eyes were no longer hazy or stunned; they were focused and determined. Cas briefly looked down at their joined hands, and then he looked up and smiled. “Yes, Dean.”
And Dean feels alive again.
. But for now, Cas simply wants to enjoy what he will never have again.
Dean is up and walking before he even realises he’s made his decision.
He had always known Dean’s hands were meant for love, no matter what Dean said about the blood that covered them and the knives they were used to hold. And this touch was only a best friend’s touch, a brother-in-arms’s touch. The fortunate woman who would one day ensnare his heart and mind – as he had ensnared Castiel’s everything – would have the privilege to taste a different kind of love, and Castiel’s head spinned a little at that thought. How better than
“If you’re right, he’ll think nothing,” she shrugged, sitting back on the couch and grabbing her beer. “He’s an angel, that’s what you said. He doesn’t understand these things, right? If he has a question just tell him it was a game of truth and dare with me. I’m weird, he won’t think twice about it.”
“So?” Meg whispered, turning to Castiel and propping her chin on his knee.
He was growing more and more daring, leaving open-mouthed kisses instead of pecks, and then licking the warm, toned skin, and then sucking on it softly, encouraged by Cas’s soft moans and whispered “Deans.”
And Dean seemed to think that his words hadn’t been enough, because he repeated them, his voice steadier and firmer, his gaze locked in Cas’s.
“Good. Don’t you go and seduce anyone until you’re old enough,” Meg warned. “And you, Clarence, don’t worry either. We have your back.”
Except that he can’t be sure.
people, like his mother?
“You text him, silly. Or you sext him, depends on what you want.”
They didn’t have time to talk after that, as the bride and the groom and their witnesses rushed to him to check whether he--and more importantly, his camera--was alright, and Dean was whisked away by a bearded old man to do God knew what.  Castiel went back to his photographs, trying to focus.
“That’s all you told him about me?” Gabe complained after high-fiving Dean (instead of the polite handshake Dean had gone for). “Gabe likes candy? That’s all? I thought I had done more legendary things!”
He had a point.
Cas was looking embarrassed. Caught in the act.
“Of course I should have,” Dean insists, fighting with himself to keep his voice level. “Cas, you’re – you’re important. You – I’d never – I couldn’t  let you there. You know that, right?”
Charlie lit up even more – Castiel didn’t think it was even possible, yet here she was.
“AND THEN?!” an avid choir of seven voices exclaimed.
“He did.” Castiel couldn’t help a smile from blossoming on his lips. “He received the gay invitation.”
“Castiel, sweetie, what’s wrong?” Rowena pressed him.
happened?”
“I don’t want to leave,” Cas assured him. “I’ll stay.”
“And you think that was unwelcome?”
“He-- uh-- he would have said something.”
“Chuck did it before. Why not you?” He was back to begging again.
The attunement, the circle casting and the elemental blessings were a blur he photographed on autopilot as he was busy trying to convince himself.
“I told you I heard something!” Jack beamed. Rowena patted his head with affection, and Jack’s beam grew even wider. It always did that when Jack helped Rowena in her shenanigans. And just like that, Castiel was
“Dean—” Cas was panting too now, incapable of believing his own ears. Surely...?
your soulmate.”
They could have been so much more, if only Dean had been true to all the promises he made every time Cas died. That he would stop lashing out and pushing him away, that he would tell him, that he’d been honest with himself. He swore to himself the last time that if one day, by a miracle... but a miracle happened and Dean... remained himself.
(There was also that one man who had really chosen to impersonate a FBI agent. Fortunately, he seemed to find the situation hilarious.)
Dean coughed a little, looking embarrassed. He smiled nevertheless, his eyes honest and fond as he said, “Any time, Cas, any time.”
“Don’t worry about your dress-up, anyway,” Dean said, brushing a speck of dust off Castiel’s shoulder. It sent electric shivers down his spine. “I really like doctors. And you look really good.”
. Can’t leave well enough alone. Billie hated him too. Pretty much every cosmic entity hates him! I should be glad I have him. I defeated the great Castiel that no fate can bend!”
. He looked as that one blind man had looked after Cas had given him his sight back; or as that other one that had found water after days in the desert; or that woman, looking at a child kicking and crying in her arms after years of hope and despair; or all those who arrived in Heaven after doubting (or never believing) it existed for all their life.
“You aren’t!” Dean protested. “I’m – I’m happy to be with you, it’s just – you know, Sam and his way of saying things... Very chick-flick..."
“Fine, I’ll send it to you.”
Dean was the one destiny had planned for him, the one that was Castiel’s perfect match – no wonder he had fallen so quick, no wonder he had felt something special from the first time—
come in as FBI agents and it wasn’t their fault if other people had had the same idea.
“Don’t be. Told ya, I like them already.” Dean’s thumb caressed the inside of Castiel’s hand, and they walked in the house together.
“We’re going home, alright, Cas?”
“Hush. Now sleep. You’re safe. You’re home.”
It wasn’t as if the conversation had been uninteresting, either. Sure, it wasn’t a serious discussion or even a groundbreaking one, but it had been one of the best talks of Castiel’s life – even if, admittedly, his social life was a little lacklustre.
Castiel closed his eyes in defeat. He knew he shouldn’t have told his family about it.
Cas smiled back. His eyes were searching Dean’s face, looking at his eyes, then at his mouth, then at his eyes again. “Hello, Dean,” he answered, his voice soft and barely more than a whisper. His smile was beautiful.
a harmony there, Castiel was sure of it.
“I can keep my unrequited feelings for myself, Dean, I prom--”
?” Rowena asked, elated.
Dean was still going on, though, his voice hushed and shaking as much as his fingers did when he buttoned up his new shirt; Castiel could see the reflection on the window of the Impala. “I shoulda been more forward. I mean... ‘City boys got pickup lines. Country boys got pickup trucks,’ you know? Even if, well, I have an Impala, not a truck. But, yeah. Pick-up lines. Because I kinda like you.”
“Yes. Back to my point. My point is, after we met the second time, I had a huge crush on you but I didn’t have your number or anything and I wanted to see you again. So, uh – I told Adam and Michael, and Charlie and Dorothy, and Jo and Anna, too, that they should totally hire Rowena and you.” Dean looked away, his cheeks so bright red that Cas could see them even in the dark.
Castiel nodded, and he thought, dimly, that if dying and being injured was what it took for Dean to be so gentle, he should do it more often.
“The Empty is… different now. More powerful. More aggressive. Even if I could, I’m not sure taking Cas from them would be a good idea. I’m negotiating with them right now,” Jack added. “They want to attack Heaven, I want to get some angels back to prevent Heaven from falling, and the Empty needs to be put back to sleep but it’s… complicated.”
“And he got a really good pouncing after that,” Bal stepped in. “Not being subtle
after all this time.
“Cas,” he said, softly. “Rise and shine, Cas. It’s time to wake up.”
simple, in the end.
“Are you sure you—uh, you don’t want me to stay? A little?”
“Rowena vented about it for days, Dean.
“Cas—Cas, I...” Dean’s voice was breathless. His eyes were darting everywhere, but they always refocused on Cas. “Cas...” This sigh... this sigh sounded like hope, and longing, and amazement...
“Cas,” he said in a very different tone. “Are you in love with me?”
” without stopping and he seemed really into it, and Dean was doing the same with Cas’s name…
But now that Cas was looking for real – allowing himself to look –, and now that Dean was letting him see – allowing himself to show— Cas saw it, plain and clear. His feelings mirrored. The way Dean looked at his mouth. The way Dean looked at him, with...
.” His eyes are greener than ever, and shining with tears. Cas has seen Dean cry more today than he has before. He remembers what Sam said to him once, that his loss was always too much for Dean, that Dean always fell into a self-destructive spiral when Cas died. He has never truly grasped what Sam really meant, until now.
hear the end of it.
Had he died confessing and leaving Dean to think his confession was
“You like it?” Dean said, beaming. “Great. Great. Good.”
“And Cas isn’t an exception?”
He rose his head, slowly, meeting Cas’s blue eyes. Cas was crying a little, too. Like he had when he had said ‘I love you’ the first time, just a few days before.
“Why what?”
“Because you deserve it!” Dean screamed.
“Um. Correct.” Castiel winced inwardly as soon as the words were out.
“Cas, stop.”
“Or ask him for
“Jack says hello,” Dean laughed softly. Cas didn’t understand, but this
“Forbidding you from being happy... What kind of son of a bitch comes up with that?” Dean wondered, his face frowned in disgust.
Strangely enough, it felt both new and normal at the same time. Like it was where they were supposed to be. Or like they had already been together for a long time already, in a way.
“The brides had met in an ice-skating competition,” Castiel said. “They were rivals, they fought for years – until they fell in love and went from rivals to wives.”
Dean’s breath hitched. He looked at Cas, briefly, eyes wide and afraid and... hoping? “You mean as family, of course,” Dean whispered, his voice strangely hoarse.
Now that they’re back, now that Dean has things to say, he doesn’t know how to. The words are heavy in his chest, but he can’t get them out. Silence is safer. Silence is what he knows best.
, dumbass!” Charlie exclaimed, exasperated.
Silence still stretched out for what seemed like centuries, and Dean wondered if Cas even heard him.
“What is she saying?” Castiel whispered to Dean.
"Good God, Gabe, they had barely stepped into the DMV before you pounced on them!”
“God,” Dean insists. “You can have him.”
Oh, how stupid he’s been!
She rolls her eyes. “Why would I send you
The best man had the greenest eyes Castiel had ever seen, and his smile was even more beautiful up close. He had freckles, splattered on his skin like the stars an inspired god had painted across the night sky. He felt his cheeks reddening, and he couldn’t
Dean smiled, shy and incredulous. “You are, too.”
It hits Dean, suddenly.
Ah. Castiel should have known he would have to talk about it, sooner or later. He had thought he had dodged that conversation years ago, but things had a tendency to come back and bite him in the ass, as Dean often said.
He can hear Cas’s words – one of the first things Cas had uttered in front of him, back when Dean didn’t yet know how important, how essential Cas would be for him.
Perhaps everyone he knew was right and destiny wasn’t as huge a bitch as he had thought. Or perhaps he and Cas were right, and they had found each other in the chaos of life and torn the script into pieces. It didn’t matter. What mattered – what was real – was Cas and him.
“You just want Castiel back because you’re pathetically in love with him,” she says, accusingly.
. He couldn’t help but smile. Dean had come – Dean had brought him home. Castiel had known, the day he had chosen to put his life in Dean’s hands, when he entrusted Dean with his fate, that he could trust Dean. He had never expected Dean to come for him, but he should have known better, of course he should have. He had faith in Dean more than in anything else in the world.
What has changed? he wonders. What is different? Is it because Dean knows of his love for him?
If her eyes could kill, Dean would have died a thousand times already. But he does feel dead already; so he doesn’t feel the difference.
“Your Majesty,” he said, bowing, because that was probably something she would like.
Gabriel raised an eyebrow. “Good thing I came over. Methinks you need some help.”
“But... nothing happened?” Gabriel checked. “Did he ask for your number? Did
Dean smiled on his skin and kissed his neck, lightly, sleepily.
And Cas’s eyes found their way back to Dean’s.
“Ok. Ok. I, uh, ok,” Dean said, rather lamely. “I, uh, I just needed to check.”
“No, you don’t get it. What did you mean? What did you really mean? What is it that you – that you think you can’t have?”
He took care of Cas’s chest first, then the shoulders, then the arms, then the back, and finally his legs. Cas expected Dean’s fingers to shake, but they were steady and focused, trying not to hurt him as if Cas was something fragile and precious that a mere touch could break.
But Dean seized its sleeves and helped Cas out of them. “I want to undress you,” he said, and then he felt stupid saying that.
Dean was overwhelmed by a wave of fondness, that he tried to suppress a little harder than he usually did. It was all doomed, it was for sure now.
“Bal!”
He was falling ass-backwards into the lake. Of course he was. Some kid was going to put him on YouTube or on Twitter and everyone would laugh at him.
Castiel looks around, cautiously. He blinks once, twice, and as his eyes get used to seeing light he can see where they are: in the Bunker. He sees the books scattered on the floor, the remnants of what he assumes is the ritual that brought him back, and open boxes of artefacts. The room looks like it was ravaged by a hurricane. Castiel feels humbled again, and something appears to be stuck in his throat, and his eyes prickle. By simply looking at this room, he can feel Dean’s state of urgency and distress.
Castiel felt Dean’s tongue caress his bottom lip, ever so gently – an invitation, a question – and he parted his lips with something close to breathless glee.
“There
Charlie’s lips curved into a sly smile and she slowly outstretched her hand towards the coffee table where she had left her phone. “How about I ask Sam and Rowena and Garth and all the rest? I’m sure
that win. He’s already lost too much. Chuck has won, the Empty has won, Billie has won, and Dean is tired of losing everything he holds dear.
She blinks, looks away. Silence stretches out between them, and once again, Dean has to stifle hope, nip it in the bud to avoid being disappointed.
Dean had thought he had found peace when he had finally accepted that he felt That for Cas. As it turned out, it was a sweeter form of torture the name of which he wasn’t allowed to speak. And now the torture was about to end. Another would begin; not that Charlie should
“Hell yeah.”
Dean started to drop kisses everywhere on Cas’s torso. His soft stomach. His abs. His navel -- this one made Cas laugh and gasp at the same time. His sternum. His clavicle. His heart.
Fuck it, that was worse than anything Dean had imagined.
“It wasn’t destiny?” Castiel asked, dumbfounded.
The blush on Castiel’s cheeks still burned after all this time, but this time it also made his skin tingle with possibility, because Gabe was right and Dean liked that about him. “Still – I want to be clear... Your jokes, today... Were those pick-up lines?”
Well. Maybe Cas and Dean aren’t in such different places after all.
She remains silent for a while, mulling over what Dean’s just said. His fists are clenched so hard his nails hurt the sensitive skin of his hands.
“So, all this time,” Cas said slowly, almost laughing, “all this time we both thought... ”
happy that this smile was directed at him, or that he was receiving Dean’s approval, because that meant nothing. His wishful thinking was ridiculous.
Dean laughed. He probably had a beautiful laugh, something musical that would make angels cry and quiver in envy, but as it was, Dean’s mouth was full and his laugh less than alluring. The sight, too, was barely something to remember. It was sort of adorable, in its odd way.
“Dean,” Castiel said, breathless.
It was more than enough that Dean had come for him. Because beyond Castiel’s futile, foolish love, they were friends first and foremost. He would have to remember to tell Dean that – to remind him that he expected and wanted nothing, that he harboured no hope.
And that was how he felt the ground disappear from under his feet and he stumbled backward into uncertain doom.
love it when he wore tuxedos – he still remembered the
“Dean,” Cas moaned, and
“It is,” Castiel nodded. “We’re not... related, you know? We found each other. Castaway kids, runaway kids, orphans, foster kids, lost adults – We don’t work like families usually do, I think, but I don’t mind. I like it, actually.”
“You’re the Empty,” he said, understanding dawning on him.
They took an embarrassingly long time waking up the next morning, firstly because they slept in late -- Dean had never slept so well in his life -- and secondly because they couldn’t stop kissing and tasting each other and discovering the other’s body.
“I usually don’t dance at weddings, you know. Actually, I don’t dance at all.”
“Dean, I -- I know about the curse. That the Empty would take Cas if Cas was… happy.” Jack looked down on his hands. He was toying with his fingers in an embarrassed manner.
“Just be your usual charming self, that should be enough,” Rowena said.
a work of art. And... well, it wasn’t as if Castiel had noticed it in a purely professional way.
And, well. Just thinking of it all made Dean blush. But if Cas could abandon all restreint in Dean’s arms, so could Dean.
“Yeah,
“Let’s try and see where we go,” Castiel agreed.
“No, thank you.”
Dean didn’t want him.
This whole place reeks of despair. Despair, misery, regret. It fits Dean’s mood enough that he didn’t notice it immediately, but now it’s the only thing he can feel.
“We know, Cassie,” Gabriel said. “But, y’know, if he’s interested he’ll be okay with that.”
“Better than that,” Dean smiled. “Jack is God now.”
“Dean-”
No, because he
destiny. We kept on meeting until – until we developed feelings. That is – forcing us together. I would understand if you were – uncomfortable with that.”
“It was the strippers. We had to call Bal and to ask him to find Chippendales as quickly as he could.”
Cas rolled his eyes to the back of his skull, and his only answer was to pull Dean closer and to slip his thumbs under the waistband of Dean’s underwear.
He reads the procedure carefully. He needs salt – not hard to find. His own blood – not a huge sacrifice to make, unlike Cas’s sacrifice. A bowl, and fire – easy. Reciting an incantation – can do.
Dean.
“I’m so happy for the two of you, sweethearts,” Rowena cooed. “Look how cute you two are!”
The mark on Castiel’s body was
“No, you don’t,” were the words that came out of Cas’s mouth, and he regretted them immediately.
Cas felt guilty that he assumed Dean wanted out and had better things to do, when Dean had left him only to cook him– was it
Of course there isn’t. But he has to try. For Cas.
It was hard to fake a cocky smile and a dismissive tone of voice, but Dean was used to fake not wanting things. The words still left a bitter taste in his mouth, and he prayed that Cas wouldn’t look too close, wouldn’t look him in the eye, because he was sure the truth was there for him to see. If Cas saw the sadness in his eyes, he would have questions. He would wonder. And maybe he would know that Dean felt things for him and that’d make everyone very uncomfortable. The only thing worse than Cas saying ‘no’ was Cas knowing.
“You shouldn’t have done that.”
He promised himself the last time – that it’d be the last time indeed. Cas wouldn’t die on him again. Dean would be better.
And he ran away.
This time, he couldn’t say who leant in first. Their lips crashed half-way, making Dean moan. Cas was devouring his lips, quite literally. Dean felt like he was a tasty treat that Cas couldn’t get enough of, and fuck it if he didn’t love this feeling. He bit Cas’s lower lip, playfully, and Cas licked his in retaliation, making Dean moan once again.
Then he was cupping Cas’s face, caressing every inch of it. “Fuck, I love you so much,” he said.
“Is.”
But Castiel had not noticed only the best man’s pleasant face. He had noticed the little things too: how he had lowered himself on one knee to comfort one of the flower girls when she had tripped and spilled all the petals in her basket, how he had hugged the bride and signed to her ‘welcome to the family, sister’ once she had kissed the groom, how he had tried to hide his tears during the ceremony. Perhaps the best man wasn’t enjoying his torment. Perhaps he was simply pitying him. Castiel himself felt plenty pitiable at that moment, so it was plausible.
“Adam Milligan is Dean’s brother?” Castiel inquired. “He never told me about him – the way he talks about his family, I thought that Sam was his only family...”
Dean glanced at Castiel. “You know what they say. ‘Save a horse, ride a cowboy.’”
Fuck, but Cas was moaning like a porn star. Dean found himself hardening in his pants.
And yet – the freckles, the charming smile, the dimples, the voice...
No way. There was no way Dean would let Cas believe he wasn’t loved just as much as he loved Dean. No way he was letting Cas hate himself.
“You not being happy
“I’m not subtle and I’m proud of it,” Meg added. “You don’t get good sex when you’re subtle.”
Dean was able to look back at Castiel’s face only when his shirt was fully re-buttoned.
“Ah, the beginnings of a true friendship. Enemies to friends, twenty thousand words, lots of angst but also fluff! That’s the real thing.”
Cas feels Dean’s eyes close, as if Dean was relishing his touch, as well. Then his fingers are on Dean’s lips, and he feels them move under his fingers. A whisper, nothing more, but he can feel the breath on his skin, and every movement on his flesh. He does not need to hear to hear what Dean is saying, because he
“That’s what the Empty does,” Cas explained. “It makes us relive our failures and our regrets on a loop.”
He couldn’t have done any of it without his family (and without a small percentage of Crowley’s advice). Maybe Gabriel’s advice could be useful.
Castiel toyed with his fork. There was no way he could avoid answering a direct question. “By chance, actually. It was... an accident.”
to make something out of Cas’s sacrifice, to just... live and be happy and whatever shit Cas wanted for him, but it was just impossible.
destiny if they had kept on meeting; it was still on hiatus, actually.
His heart sinks. He was right; he can’t leave Cas here. If Cas found happiness in this place, then maybe Dean would reconsider – if Cas was truly happy, he’d respect his choice, maybe, if he chose to be selfless, for once – but this? Cas doesn’t deserve that. No one deserves that.
A scowl screws up Meg’s face. “No. I can’t. She lied to me, and paid for it. That was the deal too. And what deal can you give me, Dean Winchester? There’s nothing you can give me.”
Regardless of his thoughts on the matter, his gestures were nothing but considerate as he removed Castiel’s shoes and his trench-coat. They were trembling as he undid his tie. Castiel could feel his slightly short breath on his jaw as he did so, and Cas remembered another time – not so long ago, yet it felt like centuries – when Dean’s hands and breath had trembled against him just like so, when Dean had teached him how to tie his tie. He still had not figured out why; perhaps because Dean hated intimacy and closeness, especially with him. Dean’s hands kept trembling as he undid all the buttons of Cas’s shirt and then of his pants, and helped him out of them. Cas would have loved to help him, but he was too weak and numb to even move. He didn’t miss any moment of it, though – he didn’t miss the way Dean’s eyes avoided him, or the tension in his neck and shoulders.
wedding was special because it was theirs, and
‘Whatever?’ Well, at least Dean was clear on the matter. “You can go,” Cas said, “I don’t want to hold you back.”
How to explain to a perfect stranger that he had run away from home because of his mother? All that was too much to dump on Dean, and too dark for a first conversation, he decided; you don’t pour your heart out to strangers, especially not if they are charming and there is a slight chance they don’t find you completely crazy yet. “We fell out, and I decided the career wasn’t for me.”
And hell,
“He’s not!”
“Look at the two of you!” she said. “A doctor and a cowboy – you look almost as cute as Dorothy and me!” She winked at Dean. “You and cowboys, huh?”
, okay? Marked or not. I wanted to have something with you before I even knew we were soulmates, Cas. That... thing between us, it’s not the marks, it’s just – us. That’s
. It feels like sleeping in a warm, comfy bed after having slept in broken motel beds all your life.
And he hates that he always has a good reason not to speak. Before, it was because he thought Cas would never love him back (how could he? Who would?). And now? What is the reason? That Cas deserves better? Hell, yeah – but it’s also what Cas
The world had never been so beautiful, Cas thought as he drifted to sleep.
“Yeah.” That was all Dean could find to say. His mouth felt dry all of a sudden. He hadn’t known how to tell Sam about it all, but if Jack knew -- “He told me that he loved me. That was his happiness -- being in love and saying it.”
Now that Cas is back Dean doesn’t think he deserves this. Cas, this beautiful, unique, splendid being, deserves so much better than Dean. How could he be in love with Dean?
The second reason this wedding was special was because Charlie Bradbury and Dorothy Baum were very special people too, apparently.
Lots of love ❤ xxx
“Has he flirted with anyone today? Anyone that isn’t you, I mean?”
He gave Cas’s cock an experimental lick, and was rewarded both by the taste -- damn, he liked the strong smell and the heady taste, damn -- and by Cas’s muffled scream of “Dean!”
“He deserves the world and you
Dean is alive, it is all that matters.
There had been a relief in knowing that he’d never see the repulsion and the rejection on Dean’s face. Now that he was confronted with it, though, Castiel found that he couldn’t bear it, even if he knew it to be inescapable. Perhaps – with any luck – they wouldn’t have to acknowledge that thing hanging between them now that made the atmosphere uncomfortable. So, Castiel decided that he would love to postpone the rejection for as long as he could, and he changed subjects once again.
And then, “He’s alive, Sam, he’s alive.”
This time, his voice was softer. It was like touching a bubble: it was new and shiny and beautiful and adorned with thousands of colours like a rainbow of possibilities, but it was fragile and if you touched it wrong it would explode and vanish and leave only regret behind.
His heart was pounding in his chest. He was holding Cas so close that he could feel the tremors in Cas’s heartbeat too. Cas was everywhere. Dean’s ears were full of his gasps and moans and soft whispered ‘Deans’. He was overwhelmed with the smell of Cas: ozone like the impossibly powerful being he was, honey like the sweet, adorable angel he was, and something intoxicating that was just simply Cas. And Cas’s taste,
“You want me?” Castiel whispered. “Even if – I’m your soulmate?”
It was better inside – Jack and Claire tight against him, Meg below him on the ground, watching Kaia snore on Claire’s lap, Rowena hugging Jack tightly, Gabriel and Balthazar fallen on top of one another as if sleep had caught them unawares, and Trickster the dog fast asleep next to Gabriel.
“I don’t know, Dean. Probably... probably from the beginning.”
Of course he’d suspect it had something to do with sexy times (well, he wasn’t entirely wrong about that). But what Dean loved most about it was just how
But it was too late, because Castiel’s world had crashed and burned. Because he had seen Dean’s reflection on the window.
Castiel was stumped. There was no other word for it.
Then their kiss grew soft, and Cas was feeling free, so free. The nightmares and the loathing were gone. Dean's rage had vanished too, and the man facing him was tender, loving, and open, no longer taking kisses as if he had to steal them from death and pray that they were real, but as a man savouring everything of his love.
But if you touched it right… then it would allow you in.
“It’s only natural,” Castiel answered. “Your sister-in-law deserved as much, and since I know how to sign—”
Alright, a
Sam without his soul; Sam without his sanity; Sam dying; Sam tortured.
? Who in their right mind said things like that? He knew he was “speaking weird,” as Kaia and Claire often told him, but this was too formal even for him. “Dean Winchester, right?”
Cas turned on his heels until he was facing Dean, and all of a sudden they were face to face, their chests almost touching but not quite, closer than they’d ever been unless one of them was dying.
Was it what it felt like to love and to be loved like this? So absolutely, so completely? So powerfully that Cas had defied destiny for him and Dean had found his way in nothingness to find him?
This was a nightmare. This was torture.
“Castiel, tweetie pie, he came all the way across the reception hall to talk to you,” Rowena said, talking slowly as if she was explaining a particularly hard concept to a very young child. “Of course he was interested! Who wouldn’t be interested in you?”
Dean opened his mouth, and then he closed it. His face softened as realisation dawned on him. “And you thought that meant I didn’t want you?” he asked.
He had never thought he’d ever have a relationship with a man – aside from fleeting crushes and one night stands. He had never thought he would ever settle down with his soulmate, either – heck, he had never thought he would even
. I – It doesn’t matter. It was just a joke.” Dean chuckled. “What I mean is – Ain’t no rodeo clown that can keep me off you. If you see what I mean.”
Castiel closed his eyes, mortified, and wished the ground could swallow him whole. How could he forget to introduce himself?
"Well, excuse you, I did not 'pounce'. I asked. Politely. And they took me up on it."
Dean gripped his waist with one hand, and laced their fingers together with the other. His skin was warm and he was close, so close – but still not close enough – and they were swaying on the dancefloor.
