“Attention, everybody,” the crotchety old man crowed from the front of the room. Dean tore his gaze away from the shadowy corners and creepy old paintings curtained with cobwebs. “As you all know, I am Cosgood Creeps, attorney of the late Colonel Sanders.”
With that, the lights went completely dark. Sam and Dean pulled flashlights from their pockets while Velma lit an oil lamp with a match from seemingly nowhere. The motley crew made their way through the halls, Sam and Dean in the lead, searching for the spirit.
Before confusion could register on John’s face, Cas caught him in the cheek with a swift right hook. He tumbled to the floor, which Cas realized was covered in broken glass and whiskey. John groaned and hissed at the cuts in his hands that stung with alcohol, and brought a hand up to the already purpling bruise on his face. Cas picked him up by the front of his shirt with one hand and slammed him into the wall. John gasped, the wind knocked out of him, and kicked at Cas’s knees, but Castiel was an angel of the Lord, and John Winchester was not strong enough to kick his legs from under him. With almost no effort, Cas tossed John to the floor, causing him to skid over the mess of glass and whiskey and crash into the fridge. He groaned and coughed, spattering blood onto the floor.
“He’s my angel,” Dean replied firmly. His heart hammered in his chest. He couldn’t lose Cas again, and he wouldn’t hurt Charlie.
“If I were around back then, I would have died of a heart attack before it could even get its teeth in me.”
“Sure you can! Get on in there, look around, and come get me if you have any questions, I’ve got most of this stuff memorized.”
“Castiel, you know the Bible,” Chuck replied ambiguously. “I mean, you lived through most of the stuff in there. Not that you’d remember all of it, I mean, Naomi did quite the number on your little grapefruit.” Sam couldn’t help but notice Cas flinch. “But I know you remember Abraham and Isaac.”
“I’ve got you, hang on buddy,” Dean murmured back, adjusting his grip so he could drag Cas across the threshold and down the stairs. Cas let his head fall against Dean’s chest.
Jack stared at him from across his oasis of Hot Wheels. He sucked thoughtfully at his pacifier, then crawled over to his crib. Dean watched as he very unsteadily pulled himself to his feet, reached between the wooden slats, and pulled out a plush dog that Dean had picked up from the corner store the other day. He sat himself back down on the floor, then crawled over to Dean, pulling himself into his lap.
“Castiel?” the one in the green shirt squeaked, “It sounds like a great Italian pizza place.” He reached out his hand.
Dean sighed. “Fine. We’re out of here in a few hours.” Sam watched as he leaned over the carrier, picked up Jack, and began to hum as he rocked him back to sleep. Within minutes, the kid was out cold. Dean set him on one of the double beds, then climbed under the covers next to the baby.
Dean paused by the door, listening as Cas sang to Jack. His voice was gravelly and just a bit out of tune, but it was loving and gentle. He would have stayed there until Cas stopped singing, but he didn’t want to embarrass him when he came out and realized Dean had heard the whole thing. Not that the angel had never heard Dean sing, but, well, that had been a different setting. Singing quietly to the son you just met was a lot more personal than belting along to the radio.
Upstairs, he heard the kid crying again. He sighed. No drowning in whiskey tonight. Sam had no clue how to take care of kids, but Dean had practically raised Sam himself. Though it pained him, he figured it would be best if Sam took care of the pyre while Dean took care of the kid. He wrapped yellow curtains around Cas’ waist and neck, securing the sheet around him, and made to walk toward the stairs, but something stopped him. He stared at the body on the table, as if he were waiting for Cas to move, to groan and call out for Dean and ask why he was all wrapped up in a sheet, ask where was Jack?
“Hello?” Cas called out into the nothingness. He kept walking forward, as he had been doing for hours, or maybe years, he didn’t know. “Hello?!” There had to be someone out there. Someone who could get him out of this place. He wondered if it was any use walking around when there was nothing to see, nothing under his feet, nothing everywhere.
“I suppose I should do this world a favor, and break this up,” Chuck said, shrugging. Michael snapped his head up, looking at Chuck with fear.
She heard the Winchesters draw their weapons, but in this moment they didn't matter. Kaia tried to lift her head, but fell back, and instead reached out her hand. Claire took it, and watched as the life drained from Kaia’s eyes. The girl’s hand went limp and fell from hers.
“Room over there?” Claire looked up to see Kaia gesturing to the spot to her right. She adjusted her legs to give her room, and Kaia hoisted herself into the trunk. Claire just stared at her feet. Not only was Kaia’s presence giving her butterflies, but given that Patience was right about the monsters attacking the house, she couldn’t stop thinking about the one regarding her.
“Not really,” Alex replied. So, things weren’t so dire as to outlaw their usual sarcastic banter. That was good.
“When your mother got sick, and grandma told me, she said ‘Tess will be alright.’ She promised me, but then….” James’ eyes grew distant, haunted. “Tess….” He sighed. “She apologized after. She said, ‘nothing’s ever set in stone.’ But I… I couldn’t forgive her.”
“Anyway,” Rowena continued, “what’s by is by, and who knows? If I help you, maybe you’ll change your minds about helping me.”
“Already up and at it, huh?” Cas turned in his chair to see Dean walking into the library, wearing his robe and carrying a mug of coffee in his hand. He frowned as he sat at the table. “Jack’s not up?”
Fortunately, Cas seemed to be moving past the chick flick stuff. “That was a strange case we had,” he said, leaning casually against the doorframe.
“Sam, come on,” Velma butted in derisively, “The house isn’t really haunted. And things like this happen all the time.”
It wasn’t fair. Chuck had promised them that everything would be fine. He had promised. And now Cas was lying dead on the dining room table of the house he and Kelly had put together for a child who could make or break everything, wrapped in yellow curtains that Dean was almost certain he had picked out with such care. He looked up at where the sheet was draped over the angel’s face, and clenched his jaw.
“Yeah, it is,” Dean replied, trying to figure out if it was Cas or Lucifer that he considered more to be Jack’s dad.
Suddenly, the smell of weed filled the kitchen. Dean turned around to see Gabriel standing in the entryway.
Cas watched as Dean approached Donatello and removed the ball gag from his mouth. Donatello began to laugh maniacally.
Sam grimaced at the lizard that Dean had cooked for him. Fortunately and unfortunately, they heard a roaring in the distance, accompanied by loud thudding.
“Samantha, Jamal, Miriam, you three better not knock anything over!” Mary yelled, appearing briefly from around the corner. She was wearing Dean’s apron and carrying a bowl of… well, something.
“We’re deeply sorry for your loss,” Cas offered. He hadn’t even known Jack that long, yet he could imagine the sort of loss and anger he’d feel if something were to happen to him.
“Well,” Sarge said, “you boys are more than welcome to poke around, but… I catch up with your runner first, there ain’t gonna be much left of him to take back to Texas.” Cas was slightly alarmed at the casual air with which he admitted his intent to murder, but he supposed he understood. “You can count on it.”
From the hallway came a man with a hard face, holding Kaia’s other kidnapper hostage with a strange blade to his throat. The man she’d met in the hospital, Sam Winchester, followed closely behind.
Jody rocked her gently. She could barely hold her head up on her own. Her grief weighed on her like nothing she’d ever known.
James closed his eyes for a moment before answering. “Grandma believed…. She felt you had ‘the gift.’ But– but you didn’t. Baby, you don’t. I mean, you’re eighteen. If you had powers, we’d know it by now.”
Sam opened his mouth to say something, but Dean cut him off as the lights began to flicker. “Bigger fish to fry. We need iron and salt.”
Without a second thought, she launched herself at her firstborn, wrapping her arms around his torso.
The child… it seemed human. It was an infant. Dean tried to think rationally– this was a monster, the child of Lucifer, an abomination– but he just couldn’t.
Dean flashed back to that moment under the streetlamp, over a decade ago, when he’d laid a hand on the angel’s shoulder, and told him to never change. If only he’d known then what he knew now. The same blue eyes, now mortal, sparkled with tears.
But she was already bolting toward the stairs, Kaia hot on her tail. Jody sprinted after her, her heart pounding in her throat.
Much to Castiel’s dismay, over the next month and a half of stagnant research and slow healing, Jack took a distinct liking to his uncle.
Sam bent over and reached as far as he could. He could almost grab it. “You don’t have to say it, Dean.”
Lucifer scoffed. “You little bitch.” Tendrils of grace, dark and almost smokey, swirled around his feet. His vessel’s face began to morph horrifically.
“Exactly,” Dean agreed, “so for now, let’s follow ascot boy’s lead.” Cas was not sure why Dean was so antagonized by the blond man. Was it because he was homosexual?
“We’ll explain better in the morning how they got here. The older refugees are at Bobby Singer’s property, fixing it up to be habitable. We decided it would be best to keep the kids here while there’s construction going on. I’m taking care of both their kids and mine.”
Sam wanted to shoot back with some very strong words, but he figured it would be best if Jack didn’t hear those. “I almost got it.” His fingers brushed against the leather, and he managed to grab the loose end above the tie. “Okay, I got it, I got it.”
“Hey yo! Darth Dickwad!” he yelled, trying to sound more threatening than he really was, seeing as he was tied up.
“James,” Jody said sternly, “I need you to listen to me. Missouri sent us because the thing that killed her, it’s still out there. It’s coming for you and your daughter.”
She reached up and brushed her finger lightly over a very faint scar on Claire’s forehead. It sent an electric current shooting up her arm. “And this one?”
Dean looked at the picture, and groaned. There, painted on one of the stacked rocks, was the sigil of a tulpa.
Though it shouldn’t have affected him, the cold of the stone wall behind Cas seeped into his vessel and chilled his bones. He wished he knew how long he’d been in this cell. At least a week, certainly. He hoped that the Winchesters were coming for him. Then again, Asmodeus was a fearsome enemy; he knew how to cover his tracks.
“He was my best friend,” he said softly. “He was the best friend I’ve ever had, and… we had been fighting, before he….” He swallowed thickly. “I never got the chance to apologize. To tell him I was wrong. And he never got the chance to meet his kid.” Shit, there went the floodgates. He watched Jack finish the bottle, not wanting to look Dr. Vallens in the eye.
“Dean,” he replied curtly. The last thing he wanted right now was to talk about his feelings. They were hunting, damn it.
“Works for me,” Dean mumbled. Cas wondered if he was really processing any of this. He stood as well, ready to leave, but Dean held up a hand to stop him and pointed at his coffee mug. Cas sighed, rolled his eyes, and sat back down.
“Never.” He held Jack closer. What would happen if the kid’s father came back? Nothing good, that was for certain.
Dean was in the bar and restaurant downstairs, waiting on takeout with a whiskey on the bar beside him.
“Jody, I know you’re trying to protect me, but I need to save Sam and Dean, and you have to let me.”
Kaia tripped and fell. Claire loved her? Tears welled in her eyes. She opened her mouth again to shout, and this time, her stupid voice let her speak.
“Well, did you run rock star aliases?” Claire walked around the end of the desk to stand behind Alex.
The loincloth-clad man rushed at Dean, but his size was a disadvantage. Dean slipped beneath his arm, grabbed a hold of his wrist to hinder his sword usage, and used the broken hilt of his angel blade to deliver blows to his foe’s elbow and face. He dropped the sword, but Dean continued to attack, hitting him in the kidney as he maneuvered behind him, then kicking out his knees so that he was on the ground. He wrapped his arms around the man’s neck to choke him out.
“What would a ghost need with money?” Daphne asked, either oblivious to or completely unconcerned with the faulty electricity.
As if on cue, Dean emerged from the hallway, carrying a rather disgruntled baby in his arms. The baby stared at Cas with big brown eyes. His heart seemed to melt in his chest. He had Kelly’s eyes.
“According to legend,” he read, “this particular gate leads to ‘a place where unimaginable evil emanates from creatures too wicked for the Pit to hold.’”
“Jack,” Dean replied, a grin spreading on his face. He found himself digging in his pocket for his phone, flipping through his camera roll to show the teens photos while they scanned and bagged his groceries.
Cas excused himself to go get Jack, and Sam put away the last of the snacks and settled at the seat across from Eileen.
Patience watched as Alex unzipped the body bag, revealing the most grotesque thing she’d ever seen in real life. Sure, these things existed in horror movies, but real life? No way.
“If you’re right,” Cas replied, “how much time do we have?” If he was going to be stuck here with the devil, might as well get some intel.
“So what are we looking at?” Dean asked. No way he was going to try to read that shit. Printed words were tough enough for him, thank you.
The baby monitor crackled to life as Jack woke, making babbling noises that pulled at Dean’s heartstrings. Though he couldn’t quite eliminate his fear of the kid’s power, he found that he truly cared for Jack. Before Sam could react, Dean was up and making his way out of the kitchen.
A beam of sunlight snaked its way into the room and landed on Jack’s face. He whimpered, and Cas tried to rock him back to sleep, but it was too late, he had already started crying.
“What’s up?” he greeted, hoping his face wouldn’t reveal that he’d been crying. He was supposed to be too tough for that.
That was his mistake. In one swift movement, Michael was holding Cas upright with his blade to his throat.
“My brother and I, we hunt them,” Sam explained, “along with werewolves and vampires and demons and…” he paused. “We’ve saved the world. A lot.”
Dean rolled his eyes, but didn’t press further. “Alright, show me what’s going on with the crazy prophet.”
Dean didn’t know how to respond to his little brother, but something else caught his attention. The hooded figure was back, stalking through the trees toward an ape-like skull that stood nearly as tall as the figure. It was still carrying the spear. Now Dean could see that it was forked.
“I…” she inhaled deeply. “Look, you guys want me to dreamwalk. You think it’s a gift, but it’s not. It’s a curse. I only ever go to one place– the Bad Place.” She shuddered, her mind already trying to go back to that place, against her will. “It’s just blood and death and monsters. I’ve only been to that other place once.”
He looked back at Rowena. Her painted lower lip trembled slightly as she nodded. Jack began to whine as he woke up, and Sam took the opportunity to opt out of further conversation as he unbuckled the kid and transferred him to his lap. Jack blinked up at him blearily.
“Okay,” Dr. Vallens said, shaking her head in anguish. “I, um. I have an alibi for Wes. I volunteer at a women’s shelter downtown. I was there that night, you can call them.” She looked at them pleadingly. “I know you guys are hunters. But please, I am telling you the truth.”
They spent the rest of the evening in jovial conversation, though John kept mostly silent. When night came, Dean and Cas drove back to their cabin.
The girl took a deep breath. “Well, my name’s Mariana, and this is Rori.” She gestured to the curly haired girl.
“Good,” she said, tossing back her drink. “Now, do you want to tell me whose half-angel child this is?” She smirked knowingly. “Did someone finally get his head out of his arse?”
“All right, listen,” he said, cutting the engine, “these Dodge City cops aren’t likely to trust big city folks, so we’re gonna have to blend.” Cas could have laughed out loud.
His knees gave out when he reached Cas’ corpse. He was gone. He was dead. And for what? For a child he never got to meet.
She grabbed the creatures mask and pulled on it. The squelching sound was horrific. Even more horrific was the creature’s face.
“And we can save her.” Sam’s brother looked positively murderous with determination. Kaia glanced between them, unsure of what to do. Every instinct she had was telling her not to trust these men.
“How long was I gone?” Cas asked quietly. He didn’t think he could bear it if he missed much more of Jack’s childhood.
“Greetins’, y’all!” the voice of Colonel Sanders rang out, “Cousin Simple, Nephew Norble, Sweet Cousin Maldahyde, Cousin Slicker, and my old friend, Scooby-Doo. You’re all gonna receive an equal share of one million dollars, providing you spend the night here in the old family mansion. Oh– one more thing– the house is haunted.” Thunder crashed, perfectly on cue.
Well then you can imagine how this one little blind spot is really bothering me.” Billie’s voice was low and threatening.
He stood from the bed, shrugged on his robe, and trudged to the kitchen. To his surprise, Sam was also awake, sitting in front of his laptop with a mug of coffee and Jack’s baby monitor on either side.
Dean shrugged. “Fair enough.” He stood from the desk and walked slowly to the door, closing it with a satisfying snap.
“Bad dreams?” Kaia interrupted, gawking at them. She stomped toward them, lifting the sleeve to reveal the bandage on her arm. “When I get hurt over there, I don’t wake up sweaty. I wake up bloody.” She was trembling now. The two men stared in pity at her mauled arm. “This scar, it isn’t the only one. I’m sorry about your mom, but I can’t help you.”
“You don’t need to thank me for that. You’re family, this is what family does.” He sighed. “Besides, it’s the least I can do for you after these past few weeks. I mean… all that time, talking to Asmodeus on the phone… I should have known it wasn’t you. I’m sorry.”
“Cas, I told you, the rule in my car is that the driver picks the music, shotgun shuts his cakehole!”
Dean cleared his throat. “Listen, man, back at, uh, Mia’s… I was out of line.” Sam looked up from the book he was reading. “I’m sorry for being, uh… a dick lately.”
They sat in silence for a while longer. Dean could almost see the gears turning in his father’s head. He decided to ignore it in favor of his own thoughts. How much should he tell John, just to prepare him for entering the bunker?
“Right, right.” Dean shifted in his chair so that he could face Cas. “Um….” He thought back to that night. How his mom had been pulled through the portal with Lucifer, how he’d carried Cas’ body into the house and wrapped it in yellow curtains.
“I got it, stay with her!” Dean yelled to Jody as he took off, back toward the main doors. Down the stairs, through a hallway and out into the back parking lot.
The Impala rumbled as Dean pulled up to the funeral home. He and Sam got out, leaving Cas in the backseat to watch Jack. He was fussing, probably sick of being strapped into his carrier for the majority of the day.
The way that John had looked at Jack unnerved her. The man who had raised her children to be hunters was not the man she thought she married. They had their issues, but the way he had traumatized them was unforgivable.
“Right,” Sam sighed, handing a piece of cereal to Jack. He babbled incoherently, and shoved it into his mouth. He thought for a moment, then grabbed his laptop from the coffee table. Dean reemerged while Sam was tapping away, no longer in his suit and cowboy accessories, and stalked across the room to grab a beer from the fridge.
“Ah.” Obviously it wasn’t important. “Ask ‘em where they got their loincloths.” Dean stifled another laugh.
“I don’t talk about my patients,” Dr. Vallens said sternly, “and Gloria wasn’t supposed to talk about me.”
I'll post an epilogue chapter, but it's still very much in the brainstorming stage and I fell really behind on schoolwork to finish this, so I'm going to need to catch up before I write it. Cheers!
Cas was starting to cry now. “I always wondered, ever since I took that burden, that curse, I wondered what it could be? What my true happiness could even look like.”
“Our mother and… uh, Jack’s dad. Our brother.” Dean was happy to let Sam do the talking. He was distracting himself by gently running his fingers over the thin blonde hair on Jack’s head. The baby remained asleep.
“I see it is not a topic for further discussion,” Rowena muttered, then snapped the book in her hands shut. “Well, either way, we should keep an eye on Lucifer’s whereabouts. Do you happen to have a pendulum?”
When he reached the grave, he put the parking brake on the stroller and walked over to the casket that had been removed from the grave. He opened it, and found that there was a large hole in the head-end of the coffin. The police report had said rats, but this was definitely too much to be the work of rats.
“Right,” she said, hoping to deflect the whole situation with sarcasm, “and the kid there is the son of Satan.”
Amara liked this town on the Oregon coast. It was quiet, peaceful, and somehow, still bustling with life. She lifted her face to the rain, letting it drip on her eyelids.
“I might,” Cas conceded. He truly hoped that he wouldn’t. It was unlikely that he, an angel, would fry himself. Donatello, on the other hand….
Watching the 2D drawings of trees zoom by the window was disconcerting, but soon enough the brothers found themselves in front of a retro-style malt shop. Dean parked with a purpose, as if he had any idea what they were supposed to be doing here.
Dean’s mouth went dry. Sure, Crowley was a demon, but the dude wasn’t so bad, with his eccentric-uncle vibes.
“Okay, so let’s say that Hannibal chick is a medium, right?” Dean continued, not letting himself get distracted from the case, “She’s talking to spirits, she’s pissing them off somehow, a ghost shows up, notches a kill, and takes off.”
“Yes. And Billie could not touch you, do not worry. She promised to let me break the rule, just once, as thanks. I trust her to keep her promises. Death does not lie.”
Sam glanced up at Dean, who looked extremely sheepish. He laughed out loud, and Dean glared at him. “You–”
Dean resisted the urge to scoff at her. “What do you think?” he quipped. His hip hurt from falling on the concrete.
She had a point. Cas’ heart dropped to his stomach. “Dean, didn’t Sam and Rowena mention some plan to do with Lucifer?”
“Sam, I need the first aid kit,” Dean snapped. His voice vibrated through Cas’ head. A few moments later, Cas felt himself being laid down on a bed.
Other her? Bad Place? That sounded an awful lot like multiverses to Sam. He glanced at Cas, who raised his eyebrows. He must be thinking the same thing.
He was going to die at the hands of Lucifer, at the hands of his tormentor. Centuries he had spent in the cage, time he barely remembered and tried not to think about, ever, and now he was going to die by Lucifer’s hand. He was going to die by the hand of the angel that possessed him.
Heart pounding, she skimmed the rest of the case details. Two bodies found in Kansas City. Cause of death: stab wounds. No correlation between the two victims.
Behind him, he heard Dean call his name, then heard his heavy footsteps running up the stairs. He turned to see his brother run into the room, wielding a gun, with a look of anguish on his face. He lowered the gun when he heard the baby’s cries. Sam watched as Dean tucked it into his waistband and stepped slowly toward the crib. Dean froze, staring at the kid. It coughed, and Dean reached into the crib, moving as though he weren’t entirely in control, and picked up the child. He bounced it gently in his arms, and the baby stopped crying. Sam stepped closer to Dean, looking down into the bundle.
Dean shook himself, and handed over his card. He helped the girl at the bagging station load his cart, then took his card and left. He tried not to think about what those kids probably thought of him and Cas.
“Okay, well if somebody would be a pal and let me eat a little bit of his grace, I would have enough strength to get out of here and butcher that son of a bitch!”
“Of course you deserve forgiveness,” Dr. Vallens countered. “I know it’s hard to see that right now, but you do.”
“Fine, I get it, custody of my kid is a non-starter.” Sam jumped as a key clattered onto the table next to him. Gabriel’s key. Shit. “But I can’t let you let the psycho version of Michael into this world. Not that I’m all that attached to it, but like, he’s going to kill me, and I’d really rather not die, you know?”
He had current problems to deal with. Lucifer on the loose, Chuck pissed at them, refugees from an alternate universe, plus the ordinary run-of-the-mill monsters.
Dean shook his head furiously, still staring at the pan. “No, it’s not.” He breathed in deeply. Cas wasn’t sure if he was talking about the eggs anymore. Dean shook himself, and began again, scraping ruined food into the trash can and cracking fresh eggs into a bowl and whisking them together. “I’m going to do it right this time.”
Nope, no chick flick moments. “Hey, you’re a terrible cook, don’t want to subject those poor kids to that.” But his mother seemed to understand his forgiveness, judging by the soft look on her face. He ate the last of his sandwich, then stood and made his way back to the stove.
“Any hint as to where along the creek she’ll be?” Dean asked, his breath fogging in the cold night air.
Sam couldn’t help it. He pushed himself out of his chair at lightning speed, and wrapped his arms around the witch.
“Excellent!” Donatello said, “Sam and I will stay behind to, uh, assemble the other ingredients.” He clapped his hands together. “Now, where do you keep your virgin lamb’s blood?”
Dean’s stomach dropped like a stone. Jack was unconscious, lying limp in Cas’ arms. “What do we do?”
“Well,” Cas rumbled, “Donatello said that Gog and Magog can only be killed by a weapon touched by God, so–” he held out two angel blades, and Dean selected one “–angel blades.”
“Alex,” Claire said, “the way things were going, if I’d stuck around, she just would’ve worried all the time.”
When it cleared, there stood Chuck, hands in his pockets, glancing back and forth at Lucifer and Michael, tutting with disapproval.
Some sort of creature with glowing red eyes was shrieking and growling at Kaia. Claire shoved the baby into her arms and grabbed her sliver-plated pocket knife. It wasn’t very large, but she’d fought plenty of monsters with it. She leapt at the monster, burying the blade in its chest, but it flung her into the side of a dumpster.
Sam sighed in relief, and slowly pushed himself to his feet to go check on Jack, but his vision went dark around the edges, so he sat in the nearest chair. “Can you go check on him?”
“Why are we stopping?” Kaia asked as she got out of the Jeep. Despite her only just arriving, Jody already felt responsible for her. She and Patience had already fit into their little dysfunctional family.
As soon as Dean pulled the Impala into the parking lot, Sam and Cas jumped out. Cas cradled the baby against his chest, which seemed to calm Jack a little, since no light bulbs exploded, but he still screamed in agony. Sam grabbed a tub for ice while Cas sat on the couch, pressing two fingers to Jack’s forehead like he usually did when healing. When he returned, Jack was still crying.
“That was the coolest thing that ever happened to me,” Dean affirmed, grinning. “And that includes the Cartwright Twins.”
“Oh, I knew better than to screw with the old you,” Asmodeus shot back. Lucifer stayed silent, so the demon continued. “But this new version seems a little more… screwable.”
“And I distinctly remember you being decidedly adverse to my disruption of the cosmic order when I broke your deal with Billie,” Cas added.
Dean was bustling around the kitchen, but it wasn’t the normal, lighthearted mood that he normally had when cooking. He seemed tense, worried, oddly silent instead of humming or singing or having some sort of one sided conversation with Jack.
Cas hummed in agreement and picked up a dishcloth while Dean dumped the first load of plates into the sudsy water. Slowly, the children left the room to go watch superhero movies. He figured they wouldn’t see them for the rest of the night, since the couches and floors had been piled with pillows and blankets for them to sleep on.
“Not changing the subject, but we’ll get back to it,” Lucifer mumbled, “I just wanna ask you, how did you hide him so well? I mean, I tried to get a bead on him, and no bueno.”
They were in the Impala, speeding toward Lebanon, Kansas, with Jack’s car seat strapped haphazardly in the back seat. Sam knew this was absolutely unsafe and illegal, but he couldn’t bring himself to say anything to Dean. Besides, Dean would never ditch the Impala, and Sam did not want to leave Dean alone while he drove his dead friend’s truck.
Kaia sat cross-legged in the center of the room. Jack screamed even louder, and she was shocked to see his eyes glowing yellow. Ready or not, this was happening. The ship rumbled again.
“You’re pretty tired, aren’t you?” Mary commented softly, turning off the overhead light so that only the gentle golden light of the lamp on the bookshelf in the corner filtered through the room. Jack mumbled nonsense in return. She changed him into his pajamas, and sat him on her lap in the rocking chair. He curled up against her stomach.
“Hello, Jack,” Cas murmured to the baby. Jack babbled in return and face planted into Cas’ shoulder, drooling on the lapel of his coat.
“Miss Mary Mack, Mack, Mack, all dressed in black, black, black,” she sang softly to herself, trying to calm her constantly-panicked heartbeat, “with silver buttons, buttons, buttons, all down her back, back, back….”
“We will figure it out,” Jody replied determinedly, “I will help you figure it out, so that you can kill it.”
“All right,” Dean said, trying to break the awkward silence, “field in the middle of nowhere– check.” He took a few steps across the springy ground, trying to get a feel for the area, then turned to Cas. “What’s next?”
The brothers thanked Athena, and left. When they got back to the car, Sam quickly explained what they’d found out to Cas. Dean sped in the direction of the bank, maybe a little faster than he should have, but there was a criminal and murderer on the loose.
Cas saw his chance. With a ringing of grace, he leapt at Michael, putting all the power he could into the blow. Michael barely had the chance to deflect the blow, redirecting it from his chest to his shoulder. He cried out in pain.
That was not a good sign. Sam had a bad feeling about this. He approached the bed to inspect the scene. His hand landed in something wet and sticky. Blood.
He hadn’t gone through the portal. He was just standing there, pointing Bobby’s angel-killing gun at Michael, his face the stony mask he always wore when he was frightened and didn’t want to show it.
“He’s gone.” Dean forced the words out of his throat like punches. He felt tears flowing down his face again. “Sam, he’s gone.”
“He’s a very loving child,” Cas continued. “You know, he resurrected me, just out of instinct.” Lucifer was silent. “Isn’t that a beautiful gesture?”
He walked over to the refrigerator, and pulled out two beers before sitting at the table. Mary sat across from him and twisted the cap off, but didn’t drink. Castiel took a swig, then made a disgusted face.
“Missouri, Jody,” he nodded back. Despite everything, he found himself smiling. “Not sure which one to hug first.” He decided on Missouri, since he hadn’t seen her in longer.
The Stampede Motel? Good god. Sam knew about Dean’s affinity for westerns and cowboy-related things, but come on. This was a tourist trap if he ever saw one.
“Oh, yeah,” Donna replied, peering through a pair of binoculars. She passed them to Jody, and pointed to what she had seen. “You betcha.” It was the Impala. Dean would never leave it unless he was in trouble.
“You don’t have that power, and they know it,” Cas quipped. Might as well taunt the devil; he had nothing better to do.
When he opened them, he could tell that it had been a while. His head was resting on Dean’s shoulder, and Dean’s head was resting on top of his. Jack was stirring slightly. His upper back hurt from staying in that odd position all night.
They left the cafe, and Dean followed Sarah’s little white Subaru to the trailhead. Dean and Cas armed themselves with iron rods, and then they made their way down to the creek as the sun began to dip behind the mountains.
Dean didn’t think about what had happened. Not while he dragged his father’s corpse to the guest room they’d set up for him. Not while he wrapped the corpse. Not while he tore up the foam flooring in Jack’s nursery, stained with blood. Not while he dragged his father’s corpse outside, not even bothering with a pyre, just soaked him with gasoline and dropped a lighter. Not while he washed his hands of blood. Not while he went to the linen closet where he had stored the extra foam floor pieces, and put Jack’s nursery back together, to make it look like nothing had happened.
With the phantom gone, Cas dropped the man and the talking dog to the floor. This had to be the most absurd case that the Winchesters had dragged him into.
“Yeah, I mean, the kid’s the only one with serious mojo that we’ve got in our corner. And I…” Dean looked down at his feet. “I talk to him about you. Sam, he does too.”
“Well, Dean was never really one for orders,” Mary commented. John frowned briefly but did not respond, and instead served himself some salad.
“Come on, man, let me have just this little bit. Just– just tell me one thing.” Cas buried his face in his hands. He couldn’t believe he had to deal with this.
“We don’t even know what it is,” Claire whispered, fighting tears. She’d barely known Kaia a full two days, and yet….
“Uh, I’m a dreamwalker,” Kaia explained. “It means that when I sleep, I see this other world… this other dimension.”
“Sam!” Dean shouted, but before he could specify what he needed, Sam was there, scooping Jack out of Cas’ arms as the angel went completely limp.
Mariana frowned. “Even though she doesn’t exist, I feel like I did this to her. I mean, I created her, and created her backstory. I’m responsible for her suffering.”
He stopped short. There, in the corner of the room, was a tear, just like the one at the lake on the day that Jack had been born. As soon as he saw it, it folded in on itself and disappeared.
He heard footsteps behind him, and turned. Four more demons, all wielding angel blades, were standing at the end of the hallway.
“Well, here’s the thing, Lou,” Asmodeus drawled, walking slowly toward Cas and Lucifer. “I’m real satisfied with my current position. Hell is humming along quite nicely, thank you.” Cas adjusted his grip on his blade. “But I do hope you and your little lap angel will pay me a visit.” The demon dragged his eyes over Cas, making his skin crawl.
“Couldn’t get Cas on board?” Ellen asked, suspicion abundant in her voice. Dean avoided looking at her, though he knew she was probably drying a pint glass with more attitude than should have been possible.
“If I don’t, she will.” She stared down the rift as if it were a sentient being. “Donna, I cannot lose another child.” She glanced over at her friend. Donna looked frightened, but understanding.
“Hello, ma’am,” he greeted, holding up his FBI badge. “I just have a few questions about Wes Bailey’s death.”
“I need to check on another patient. You can leave when he wakes up, just make sure he drinks a lot of fluids.” The doctor turned and left the room.
“Jack.” He glared at Lucifer. “Your son’s name is Jack.” He didn’t like to give Lucifer any claim on Jack– he wasn’t the one raising him– but the way Lucifer focused solely on Jack’s power and paid no heed to any other aspects of Jack’s character angered him to no end.
Dean didn’t want to talk. He unplugged his headphones and transferred the tape he was listening to the boombox next to his bed. Led Zepplin wafted through the room.
Claire, who had looked at her scars without pity. Who wore her own scars with pride, like medals from battle.
He stopped in the clothing aisle. Did Cas have any changes of clothes? He wasn’t sure what kinds of clothes he would like. When he was human before, he only had the uniform for his job at the Gas-n-Sip.
Lucifer dropped Sam back to the floor as he turned. Rowena was kneeling next to the stairs of the dias, holding the voodoo doll with Lucifer’s grace. Sam could see all of the eyes of his true form widen in fear. He watched helplessly as a blade manifested in his hand.
“Kilmer,” Cas said, “My name is Val Kilmer.” Maybe that was a little too obvious, because the sergeant gave him an odd look.
“I’m right here, buddy,” Dean replied. Sam nudged his shoulder and handed him a mug of coffee. He took it with a nod of thanks, and took a sip.
What was it with him and losing people? He had only just gotten to see her again, and now the universe had taken her away. If he had just stayed with her, she would still be alive.
“I don’t know,” she replied, “We were heading north, from Lebanon, toward Sioux Falls. We were almost there, I think.”
So Kevin Tran– other Kevin Tran– had been the one to open the portal. So that meant he used the tablet. Whether it was the angel tablet or the demon tablet was unknown, but they had a chance here; they had the demon tablet, all they needed was a prophet. He could call Donatello and have him come to the bunker and translate the thing, easy. Whether or not they had the necessary text was another story, but hell, they’d put more effort into longer shots.
The mention of her name made Dean grin, their badass hunter friend was back again and now her and Sam could be happy without Chuck’s interference.
Dean blushed but played it off with a chuckle. Love. He guessed they would have to talk about the things Cas had said before he sacrificed himself, but Dean still didn’t feel ready. And he was kicking himself because of it. His best friend whips out an emotional and touching speech while on the verge of death, while Dean, who has thought of little besides Cas and what he had said since he’d disappeared, still doesn’t have a response.
“Cas, I’m sorry I couldn’t respond to your goodbye. Everything happened so fast that I couldn’t comprehend it all. I’m not the smarter Winchester you know,” Dean could picture Cas’s frown at that, okay less self deprecation then. “I want you to know that, I didn’t want you to sacrifice yourself for me, man. Because you left me alone. I would’ve preferred we went down swinging together instead of you being... gone and me sitting on the floor bawling my eyes out.” It was hard for Dean to think about. “Point is Cas, I’m still trying to figure out what you meant, but you can have it Cas. Whatever you want, and if that’s me than I’m your- I’m here for you. I-“ Dean couldn’t even finish the thought in his head, and that made him feel like a coward. Before he could spiral Miracle bumped his leg and the two of them headed inside.
Dean couldn’t make his mouth move but he put an arm around Cas’s back and held him tightly. This seemed to be enough for Cas as he snuggled closer.
A few tears slipped out, he had finally said it. It was like a weight had been lifted from him. He would have to tell Cas again when he was awake but as Cas held him ever tighter, Dean thought he might’ve gotten the message.
Sam stood up from the table, a tired grin on his face. “I’m gonna turn in for the night. Gotta wake up early tomorrow to go see Eileen.”
Dean watched them. His two favorite people in the whole world, alive and safe and together with him in the bunker. He noticed that although Cas’s last words were to Sam, Cas had caught his eye and was now looking at him in a way Dean hadn’t yet deciphered. Dean met his glaze and continued to hold it as he called out to Sam’s retreating form,
He smiled, Cas had waited up for him. Looking him over he had apparently left and quickly returned in the short time Dean and Miracle had been gone. He had traded the trench coat for some sweatpants and one of Dean’s soft t-shirts. Shit, now his face felt warm again.
“It’s Sam!” Sam called back, making Dean chuckle as he broke Cas’s glaze to take another sip of his drink. He tried to think of something to say to Cas but nothing came to mind, he was content to just sit here quietly with-
Though he sounded sure, Dean could tell Cas was nervous as he waited for a response, probably thinking he’d get turned down.
“Goodnight, sunshine,” he paused somehow even softer, keeping the words between the two of them as Cas breathed lightly onto his neck. Moving gently, he kissed the top of Cas’s head. His heart was beating fast, but here in the darkness, with only Cas, he felt like he could say it.
“I’m too tired to get up,” Cas complained, then he looked him in the eye, seeming decidedly less tired, “and I want to stay with you.”
They ended up watching MASH, sticking to filler episodes at Dean’s insistence. They sat against the headboard, legs under the covers with Miracle curled at the end of the bed. Dean was half watching the show and half watching Cas, whose eyes were starting to droop as they tried to focus on the screen. Dean smiled at him fondly, trying to stay still as Cas started to slouch, his head falling onto Dean’s shoulder. Dean just sat and let it happen for a bit before deciding he should send Cas to his room. He turned off the show and set his laptop on his end table.
“I am glad that, for once, the trials we face do not loom ominously apocalyptic over us.” Cas caught Dean’s gaze for a moment, as green as the new growth of spring.
Dean flushed and tugged the robe closed. “Honestly not used to this yet,” he said, rubbing his hand along the back of his neck under the clumsy ponytail he’d put together earlier. “And I was expecting Eileen and she’s supposed to be helping me get dressed, so I didn’t think I’d needed to put anything else on.”
“You wouldn’t have to wear jeans with this,” she’d said, her hands low and close to shield anyone else from their conversation. “And it’s pretty adjustable, so even though I’m not as petite as you are, it should still fit. But I don’t know if this would make you feel more or less comfortable.”
“Damn right you do,” Dean replied. He pulled Jody in for a hug, then turned to the drivers’ side door while Sam got his hug. Jody waved as they drove away.
“I don’t know. Nephilim, they’re creatures of Heaven and of Earth, their human souls and bodies are held together by–” he stopped.
“That so?” Dean said, feigning surprise. He just wanted to get out to the cemetery and shoot the son of a bitch.
John made his way down the sloped lawn to a small dock, and got into a small rowboat. He began to row across the lake, and Cas walked to the edge of the lake, determined not to let him out of his sight. When John was in the middle of the lake, Cas spread his wings, and soared slowly toward the little boat, letting his wingtips drag in the water. John saw the disturbance in the water, though Cas remained invisible, and he relished the look of fear on the man’s face. He lifted himself higher just a moment before he would have capsized the boat, then turned and made his way back to shore. He watched as John looked all around, worked into a frenzy, trying to find the monster that was going to sink his boat. He found that he could not suppress a grin.
“Yeah, the PJs aren’t so bad, are they?” he said softly as he tossed the dirty diaper in the trash can by the door, then picked Jack back up, cradling him against his chest. He walked back to the library, grabbing a parenting book that he’d found in one of the bags from the Washington house. He settled into the leather reclining chair in the corner with Jack laid across his chest. He began to whimper, so Sam set down the book again and grabbed a blanket that Dean had thrown over the back of the chair the other day.
“Yeah, the whole world’s insane.” The other man was back. “You get used to it.” He sighed. “She took off. She might be back, she might not.” In reference to the other supposed angel, Kaia guessed.
He’d tried on pair after pair of Eileen’s jeans, but they were all too big and too long, and rolling up the cuffs and cinching on a belt had fixed
Cas was wearing one of Eileen’s flannels, buttoned closed over a t-shirt, and the same pants from the suit he always wore; not because they fit any better, but because when he’d pulled on Eileen’s skinny jeans, he’d gone a bit pale and insisted he’d be fine wearing the same slacks he always did.
And he thinks about waiting, he thinks about calling Sam and talking with him first, he thinks of a lot of things- but after he finishes up with Rufus, he heads back to his place, switches out Baby for Princess, and rides to a house that had almost become
Cas scrutinized it, picking up the whole thing and folding it in half. At the halfway point of the sash, there was a small hole- like a buttonhole, but without any obvious buttons. “If you were wearing this as a skirt, pulling one of the long ends through here would be the logical step to take. For a dress, though…” He unfolded it, and then held the garment against Dean’s chest, the hole in question right over his sternum. “Maybe like this?”
Castiel was torn between so many emotions at this moment. Jack’s fear and grief about his lost childhood was painful to witness, Dean’s compassion in response brought him joy. He’d felt resignation when he’d thought Dean was going to talk with Jack about this without him, which had faded when he’d insisted he join them, replaced with warmth at being included, and anticipatory sorrow and rage for the revelations to come.
“And you couldn’t talk to me about this so you, what, hoped I’d understand the cultural relevance of your mixtape in spite of my known difficulties with pop culture?”
“I’d already pretty much figured out I wasn’t in love with Lisa when we took the trip to Vegas in the first place. I’d gotten an engagement ring, because it seemed like the next step, and it seemed like it should have been the right time, but I couldn’t make myself ask, because I didn’t want the answer to be yes. And then we made that arrangement, and Lisa was just so convincing about it, and she brought up paying for Ben to go to college, and I wanted you- I desperately wanted you- and it was harder and harder to say no the more she pushed.
“It’s nothing like what I usually wear, and knowing me it will look wrinkled and unkempt the moment I look at it wrong- but it does look nice. Wearing something like this on a dinner out could be a good way to spend an evening with her.” But instead of imagining him and Dean going to dinner in their current guises, he thought of them as they usually were, and he smiled softly at the thought of having such an intimate evening with Dean all to himself.
“Dude, I know, you’re a multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent about the size of the Chrysler building. You look pretty badass, too, I remember that much from when I was a demon that one time-”
It was weird to hear Cas’ voice like that, honestly. He kept trying to push his voice lower and lower, to approximate what he had before, but if he dipped too low no sound came out, and if he stayed too high his voice got oddly melodious, rather than husky and gravelly. Not that Dean paid that much attention to his best friend’s voice or anything.
”It didn’t take long after that for Lisa and I to break up. But I didn’t feel comfortable reaching back out to you. It felt like the best case scenario, you’d move me in here, and I’d be lonely and bored and have nothing to do all day, and worst case scenario you’d refuse to talk to me because my feelings weren’t reciprocated, and either way it wasn’t something I was prepared to do.”
Dean smiled at this. “Dude, it’s only temporary- and hey, if I have to be a chick for a while, at least I get to be a hot chick, am I right?” His smile faltered a bit. “I mean… I wouldn’t like to be stuck like this. For one thing I miss Little Dean, if you know what I’m saying,” and Cas rolled his eyes at this even while smiling at the crude joke, “and for another, I’m kinda attached to the body you helped rebuild after you, you know, ‘
Dean let out his breath with a loud exhale, leaning back against his bed. “Yeah, well, it was easier than I would have thought. Still, though.” He tilted his head up to grin at Cas. “I appreciate you being here for me. I couldn’t do it without you, man.”
“It… giving someone a mixtape was kinda a romantic gesture, growing up. Nowadays with iTunes and Spotify it’s not as relevant unless you’re a stubborn cuss like I am and refuse to upgrade your tape deck”, and Dean grinned at Cas, inviting him to share in the joke about the way he’s maintained his car all these years, “but back when cassette tapes were more common, making a mixtape took a lot of time and effort, and you wouldn’t do it for just anyone. And like- did you ever even listen to it? Do you know how many love songs I crammed onto it?”
Dean couldn’t suppress the warm smile breaking over his own face. “Isn’t this great? Cas thought of maybe flying back to Heaven to see if any of the other remaining angels are experiencing this, too, but I was thinking that didn’t have to happen right now or anything.”
“And… you’re not having fun with it?” Jack’s eyes were glossy with tears, while his hands were rhythmically clenching and unclenching the hem of his t-shirt.
“Dean- I lost track of time having some fun with Sam, I’m sorry I forgot to help you.” Eileen was contrite, but her eyes sparkled at the mention of Sam.
Then they’d stepped deeper into the restaurant, which only made the situation worse. The atmosphere was made up of the delicate clinking of tableware and the hushed intimate conversations of the other guests there. Dean had been abnormally stiff as they’d crossed the restaurant to their cozy little table, and was still focusing closely on where to put his hands.
Dean crashed forward and pulled his son into a hug, shushing him. “Shh, no, kiddo, you’re not a burden, you could never be a burden, it’s okay. Fuck- if anyone would know anything about missing out on the childhood you’re supposed to have, it’d be me and Sam, don’t you realize that?” He could feel hot tears where Jack was crying into his neck, and this was what led him to realizing he was crying too, shaking where he held his son. Cas’ hand was warm and supportive on his back, gently stroking up and down, and it was right where he needed him to be in this moment. “You know, about five years ago, a witch turned me into a teenager, and part of me was so tempted to just let it stay that way.”
“It’s okay,” Cas assured him. His stomach growled. He’d certainly had worse than slightly burnt eggs.
Missouri stood there for a moment longer before turning back to the two hunters, her face set with anger. “He pretended to be a customer, said he needed help. Dede always was a soft touch.” She paused to take a reading over the chair. “He is a wraith,” she said, nodding.
Cas frowned. “Yes, but the doors are hidden from souls. Angels know where they are, though.” He froze. “Why?”
Cas looked at him in confusion. Dean had missed that face he made, with his eyes squinted and his head tilted to the side.
Just finish the job. Just finish wrapping his body, just finish building the pyre, just finish giving him a proper send off. Then Dean could break out a bottle of whiskey and drown out his sorrow. Or drown in it. Either way.
Cas opened his mouth, shut it again, then spoke. “I wasn’t aware there was such a thing as an outside joke.”
“It was supposed to be me! Me! Not her! You fucking killed her, and you didn’t have the decency to kill me too! So come and fucking get me!”
Dean grinned, picked up Cas’ hand, and pressed his lips to his knuckles, leaving sticky pie residue. Cas didn’t mind this at all. Dean finished his pie, and they got in the car and drove to the two-story house by the lake.
“I want you to go to Buckhead, Georgia,” she instructed, “this is the address.” She handed Dean a slip of paper. “My son, James, he lives there with my granddaughter, Patience.” Fear permeated her voice, and Dean hated to hear his friend like this. “This wraith, he’ll be coming for them. That’s what I saw.”
“She’s good. She’s back to a healthy weight, now we’re just working on the night terrors. It’s slow going.”
“We’re in Scooby-Doo!” Sam finished. Despite his worries that Gabriel would turn this into an endless cycle, like the incident at the Mystery Spot, he couldn’t help but feel a little bit excited.
Sam scoffed lightly, barely looking up at Dean. “You’ll never believe this. I got a call from Missouri Moseley.”
“Someone got mad and broke their warding,” Cas snarked. He lifted a hand, set it on the demon’s forehead, and smote them. The demon screamed before dropping to the floor, eyes burned out.
“Honestly?” Dr. Vallens replied, “They don’t really care. They chalk it up to hypnotism, a lucid dream. They explain it away because at the end of the day, they got to say goodbye.”
“I didn’t say it was up to you.” Yeah, maybe humor wasn’t the best approach here. “I said it depends on you. Word on the interdimensional street is you’ve been slipping between worlds, Dean.” Dean grimaced as he recalled the portal. “I wanna know how you did it. Now.”
Dean led the way, gun at the ready. He burst through the door, then turned the corner while James rushed to his daughter’s side, scanning left and right. He stalked through the halls, searching for the wraith. Then he heard thudding and grunting in a different part of the warehouse.
Ah. Right. Sam remained silent. How could he explain it to Dean? Sam had his big brother to help him feel just a slight bit safer; Rowena had her powers. Knowing how she was feeling now, how could he let her suffer that kind of fear?
She couldn’t quite figure out what it was that made these children different from her boys. Maybe it was that she could keep them safe from the hunting life, that she was expected to protect them and not too much more. She was good at being a protector. She had already failed to protect her boys. She hadn’t failed to protect these kids.
“Dean, we have a problem.” That much was obvious. “He isn’t human, he appears to be a primitive beast formed of rock and sand.”
“You don’t have to be a fighter,” Alex argued. “I’m not. Not really. You know, we help in other ways.” Alex knew that she was an integral part of this dysfunctional family; she cared for them. It was what she was good at. It was all she’d ever known.
“Are you stroking out?” Dean asked. He wouldn’t be surprised if he was; the dude had been locked up with the tablet for five days now. He had offered to take him out for some air, but that man had been working nonstop, as if possessed.
Dean stood, not even looking at Adam. “I’m fine.” He stomped out of the library. Adam looked back to Sam.
“Oh, buddy, we’re gonna have to learn to control that,” Sam muttered, checking Jack’s carrier to make sure there was no glass in it before setting him down.
Cosgood Creeps took the record from the turntable, and the Scooby Gang and background characters made their way from the main room.
For a long moment, they were silent. Sam pushed away all thoughts of opening a portal to his mom. If it required causing Jack pain, then there was no way in hell he would even consider it.
Sam turned to Dean and shrugged. Dean rolled his eyes, but appeared to agree. He exited the car, leaving Sam with the witch and the sleeping baby.
With one deep, shaky breath, Claire pushed herself to her feet. She had to stay strong. For Kaia. For Jody.
“You can prance,” he growled, “and you can preen, and you can scream and yell, and remind me of my failings, but somehow, I’m awake. And I will stay awake and I will keep you awake until we both go insane.” The Empty drove its fist into Cas’ face, but he did not fall. Instead, he pushed himself to his feet. “I will fight you.” He looked the Empty squarely in the face. “I will fight you forever. For eternity.”
Sam returned to the kitchen as Mary exited. “Beds are ready. Dad, you’re in room 14. Eileen and I are going to turn in for the night.”
He dressed himself, then made his way to the kitchen. Jack was already strapped into the high chair. Sam was scrambling eggs, and Eileen was signing something to him at a pace too fast for before coffee.
“Castiel, you are looking at them.” She gestured to the stars, dotting the sky in gentle sweeping patterns. “They were not meant to rot in the void. They were meant to return to the universe.”
“Same thing,” Dean replied, “trying to get the bad guy.” He glanced down at the Sarge’s lack of uniform. “Where’s your badge?”
“All right,” Dean said, “let’s go kill some witches.” He quickly strapped Jack into his car seat (Sam wasn’t really sure if he was properly buckled, but he was too concerned with the witch problem to care) and slid behind the wheel. They sped out of the parking lot, and Sam ignored Dean’s occasional glares.
“The door’s still open,” Claire said aloud. Patience did not like the idea of that at all. “If we find it, we find Sam and Dean.”
Dr. Vallens raised her arms to the side and looked the man squarely in the eye. “Shoot me.” She stepped forward so that her chest was pressed against the barrel of the gun. “Shoot me!”
To her surprise, Jody simply hugged her. Though the whole physical affection thing didn’t really appeal to Claire, she had to admit to herself, it was kinda nice.
Cas stared at his brother, who was on the brink of tears. It frightened him to see him so vulnerable. But he knew what Asmodeus had done to him. He understood that it was what Asmodeus had done that made Gabriel so against giving up any of his grace. Cas just wished that he could make Gabriel understand; this was his family at stake.
“I’m Whit, and this is my little sister Penny.” The boy gestured to a tiny girl, no more than five years old.
Sam regretted letting Dean leave when Jack woke up an hour later and began to cry. He carried him into the kitchen and prepared a bottle of formula, remembering to test the temperature on his wrist before putting the bottle in Jack’s mouth. But Jack was not having it; he turned his head away and continued to wail.
‘I came back to Sioux Falls to save Sam and Dean Winchester. And I did.’ She paused, then scratched it out. ‘We did.’
Sam sat on his bed, rocking Jack in one arm and fiddling with a computer with the other. Dean had woken him up at five in the morning to hand off the baby, declaring it was his turn for dad duty. Sam ignored the six pack that he grabbed as he stalked off to his room.
“Hey boys,” Claire greeted, smirking. She’d always wanted to say that, like she was better than them. In this instance, she certainly was.
“And look how well that’s going! I mean, what could they possibly know about an entity like Jack, about his potential?”
This was fine by Dean. He had some business to attend to, and he didn’t really want Cas to know about it. He got dressed, skipped breakfast, knowing that he didn’t really need to eat anyway, and drove the Impala to the Roadhouse. He knew exactly who would be able to find the doors to Heaven’s head office.
A commotion at the end of the hallway caught Sam’s attention. He pressed his back against the wall as a group of doctors and nurses pushing a gurney carrying a writhing, screaming girl past them. She was bleeding from her arms.
Rowena walked back over to the brothers, heels clacking, and peered at the receipt that Dean pulled from his pocket. “Right. Time to get that book.”
“I used to be an angel,” Cas explained. John’s eyebrows shot up in surprise. “Under the order of Heaven, I was instructed to rescue Dean from Hell. I raised him from perdition, and over the years we became friends.”
Dean rushed into the hospital, slamming against the receptionist’s desk to stop. He started and looked up at Dean with wide eyes.
Dean packed quickly and drove off before Sam could change his mind. Yes, he trusted Sam to keep Jack alive, but when all was said and done Sam suffered from younger brother syndrome; the man was not as good with kids as Dean, it was simply a fact.
“Allow me,” Cas said, stooping down and fixing the plate with magic. He handed it back to John, his face even and expressionless. John tried to do the same, but Cas could see the fear in his eyes.
Sam decided to focus on the more pressing issue at hand. “If Jack is sending out a signal strong enough to get Donatello all the way out here… I mean, the angels are still out there, who knows what else might be listening? He needs protection.”
“I did.” She typed it in again anyway. A new result popped up. “But….” She opened the file. “An unidentified woman was just brought in.”
“Yeah, no, no, I know,” Dean replied, trying to stifle his laugh, “but… they’re wearing– they’re wearing loincloths.”
They drove for hours, nervousness eating at her guts and pain throbbing in her skull. Jack slept, every once in a while stirring and whining but calming when Sam reached his hand back and let the kid wrap his tiny hand around his large finger.
“So I guess this is your first mystery,” she said mockingly, “so if you could keep those giant linebacker shoulders from knocking over any clues, that would be great.”
“Part of the reason I was banished from the Grand Coven was due to my experimental magic. One such spell was a resurrection spell. It can only be used once, and, well…” she shrugged. “I rather like this Irish lass.”
Rowena shrugged, playing nonchalance with an Oscar-worthy performance. “I’m already sitting in it. I think it’s up to you to take it back.”
Besides, now he had Cas to look out for, too. The man could certainly handle himself, but without his grace, he was much more vulnerable.
“Ach, not this very second. You need a bit of training in magic. And I don’t want to leave dear Eileen here on her own to turn vengeful, and if we bring her down to Hell, she’ll be marked to spend eternity down there.”
Cas stumbled through the forest, the wound in his side shooting pain through his entire body with every step. He coughed, and felt splatters of warm blood drip down his chin. They had been walking for nearly a day, and Cas knew that they were close to the bunker, but he wasn’t certain he would make it that far. His grace was working overtime, trying to stitch up the wound that he wouldn’t allow to rest.
Cas was skeptical about bringing a baby on a hunt, but Sam was not shocked by Dean’s suggestion, so he figured it would be alright. “As long as you let me do the warding. Your Enochian is atrocious.”
“Missouri is dead,” he said bluntly, as soon as he was out by the car with Jody. “And you know what?” he continued before Jody could reply, “she knew it. She– I mean, we could’ve protected her.” He didn’t want to dump all his guilt on Jody, but it was spilling out of him like an overflowing rain barrel.
Dean opened the passenger door for Cas, then walked around and got in on the driver’s side. Before Cas could put in a request, Dean pulled Cas’ folklore and evermore cassettes from the glovebox, putting in folklore and setting evermore in the cup holder for later. Since becoming human, the dude got very tired very quickly, and after such an eventful day, Dean figured the car ride back would be a nice long nap. A calmer playlist was the best idea for this ride.
Kaia nodded. “The Bad Place. It’s where that came from. Your friends Sam and Dean, they wanted me to help them open a door to another world. And we did, but something went wrong.”
She gave her hands to the baby, letting him wrap his tiny hands around her fingers. Power jolted through her. She could see it. The Bad Place. Desperately, she tried to shift to the other place, the place Sam had called Apocalypse World.
“I’m not gonna bring this kid on a hunt so that he gets ganked before he’s even two months old! If that happens, then Cas and Mom–” his throat caught as his brain froze around the words “–then they died for nothing.”
Kaia sat curled up on the front porch step. She wanted nothing more than to leave these people, but when she’d called her cousin on Claire’s phone, he told her not to come to him. Said he wouldn’t take her in until she was a year clean.
“Wraith.” It felt good to be back on the hunt. This one was going well so far, too. “No forced entry,” he continued, hoping that Missouri could use her psychic mumbo jumbo to figure out that little puzzle.
“Because I love you.” Before Mary could argue, he added, “I resent you, too. But… I understand everything you’ve done, every mistake you’ve made. If I were in your shoes, I would have made the same choices.” He inhaled deeply, tears welling in his eyes. “And I know how hard it is to see what Dad turned us into. Me, I’m broken, and angry, and I’d rather gank a demon than talk about my feelings.” Mary laughed sadly at that. “But, Mom, we’re… we’re okay.”
“Oh, just your friendly neighborhood cosmic entity,” the thing quipped lightly, its voice much higher than Cas’. Was that a German accent it was using?
The brothers jumped out of the car and headed into the malt shop. Upon a quick scan of the surprisingly large crowd, considering their car and the Mystery Machine were the only two parked outside, they discovered the familiar cartoon characters gathered in a booth in the corner.
“It’s better if you’re with Jack. You have healing powers, you can figure out what’s the matter with him when he calms down.” Cas sighed, but didn’t argue.
More and more of the creatures poured out of the hallway and fell to gunfire. One ran at her and Alex, and Patience fired the shotgun. It kicked hard into her hip, sending her stumbling backward. Alex took over, firing her handgun repeatedly until the thing fell.
“He is,” Dean said. Jody gave him a look, but he ignored her. He would not let this girl go down the same road as him. She didn’t deserve this life. “This life– hunting monsters– there’s no joy in it.” He thought of Cas, his wings scorched into the ground. He’d never get that image out of his head, would he? “There’s nothing but pain, horror, and death.” He breathed deeply. “So if you get a chance at normal… you take it.” He nodded, more to himself than to Patience, and walked around to the driver’s side door.
“Dandy.” Christ, Dean did not want to talk about his feelings right now. The whole point of this hunt was to escape them. “Shall we take a look at the scene?”
“I am going to do something that I promised I would never do to a human being without their permission.” He laid the coat on a table to his left, and approached the prophet. “I’m going to strip the spell from your mind.”
Jack had turned six months old, which meant he was learning how to crawl. This on its own wouldn’t be so bad, but the kid also had superpowers, and was starting to become aware of it. When he got excited, toys would fly across the room, which excited him more, which caused more toys to fly, causing a hurricane of stuffed animals until the light bulbs in the room exploded. Dean had had to clean up the glass and change the lightbulbs in Jack’s room seven times that week.
“He won’t admit it, because if he admits it, then it’s real. If it’s real, then he has to deal with it, and he can’t handle that.”
“We don’t need your help,” Sam said before Dean could tell her to go to Hell. “We’ve handled witches before.”
Christ, this was not going well. Thankfully, at that moment, he reached the gravel road leading to the bunker. Gabriel was standing outside, smoking a joint.
“A little rip?” She seemed almost amused by Dean’s unfazed tone of voice.”Into another world? And you went there?”
Sam blinked. Did he seriously just compare Cas to a dog after all those months of acting like a goddamned widower?
She frowned. “I talked to my dad. He thinks I should put it away.” Dean frowned. “Dad says we should just get back to normal.” She paused. “Maybe he’s right.”
Dean watched as Sam helped Rowena set up the spell. They worked together fluidly, as if the process were some sort of dance.
“Hey, now,” Dean berated gently, “no fighting, or I’ll make you research werewolf tax evasion in the nineteenth century.”
The new voice startled Cas. He had assumed the cell to his other side was empty. He stood from the stone bench and walked toward the bars, trying to peek around the corner without touching the bars. It wasn’t working.
Sarah laughed. “My roommates and I are actually going hiking up Mount Healy tomorrow, so maybe we’ll see you around!”
James shifted uncomfortably. “Look, whatever game you’re playing here, I talked my mother yesterday.”
With a strength Dean didn’t expect from a human, Cas pushed him out of the way of the Empty. Dean watched helplessly as the entity crashed through the nursery, washing over Chuck, and over Cas, who was still smiling, tears still shining on his cheeks. His heart dropped out of his chest as the entity was sucked back into the wall it came from.
“Yeah, that’s right. Just sleep for a while, and when you wake up, Sam will come and get you.” He figured he would still be out dealing with Gog and Magog by the time he woke up.
“Are you sure about this?” Dean asked. He had woken up when Sam released him from his handcuffs. Sam had Jack strapped to his chest, in case Dean passed out from the concussion he had likely received.
“Uh, he, uh,” Sam stuttered, trying to save manners. Like that mattered. “We just need a moment of her time.”
Kaia found herself giggling. Despite everything, she was sitting here, crushing on a pretty girl and giggling over past scars. They sat in silence, both glancing over at each other sheepishly.
Dean hummed, and flipped open the Black Grimoire, which they had set on the bench seat between them. He revealed the missing page in the book. “Then what’s that?”
“It's funny to hear a Winchester talk about the finality of dying,” Billie continued, “This reality– it has rules, Dean. So many rules. And one of them? Kill one incarnation of Death, like you did, the next reaper to die takes his place. So, when Castiel stabbed me in the back, turns out, I got a promotion.” She lifted her hand, revealing Death’s white ring on her finger. “New job, new gear.”
“I– I think so,” Sam stuttered, allowing Dean to take the child into his arms. He watched as Dean sighed in relief and began rocking the child.
The room was warm, so Sam unwrapped him from his blanket. He swung his tiny fists around for a moment, then settled into the mattress.
Jody sighed as her call went to voicemail. “Hey, Sam, could you call me back? I just need to know you’re okay.” The whole Kaia Nieves business concerned her. What the hell had happened between that call and now?
Cas stirred, trying to get up without waking Dean, but the slight movement jostled the hunter, and he sucked in a deep breath, blinking slowly.
When Eileen reappeared from the bathroom wearing a set of Mary’s clothes and one of Sam’s flannels, Sam felt like his heart was going to burst. She grunted in surprise as he hugged her tightly again.
“Besides a ghost hunting us down to collect an inheritance?” Fred squawked. The lights above them began to flicker ominously.
Sam shook his head to clear his mind. Today was already full of craziness. “Okay, so we have everything.”
“I want you to bring Cas back.” The words were out of his mouth before he could even consider anything else.
At that moment, one of Baby’s wheels caught in a large crack in the asphalt, causing the car to dip to the left. Dean cursed, and swerved her out of the dip. “Yeah, lovely.”
“Dave Mather,” Dean repeated, “Cowboy, outlaw, one of the Dodge City gang.” He walked over to the wall of photographs and pulled one off the wall, then passed it to Cas. “He was one of the greatest gunfighters ever.” Cas squinted at the photograph, as though committing the face to memory. “I mean,” Dean continued, “he died in 1886, which makes this a little weird, but….” He laughed to himself. “Mysterious Dave Mather. I’m gonna put my boots back on.” He turned and walked back through the saloon doors.
“Well, first things first, I’m going to teach you about food. Good food. I’m introducing you to bacon before Sam feeds you any of his rabbit food bullshit.” Dean poured a bit of cream into the eggs, then began to whisk the mixture together.
Dean scoffed lightly, and Cas turned to see him smiling gently at the two of them. Cas hadn’t seen a look like that on Dean’s face since he’d watched him through the window of Lisa Braeden’s house. His heart skipped a beat when he thought of the implications of that.
“Sammy!” he yelled, straining through the woman’s grip, “they’re really weirdly strong!” Unfortunately, Sam had figured that out on his own, as the younger witch had pinned him to the floor, choking him out as well.
Sam unwrapped Jack’s tiny body from the blankets, grimacing at his nakedness. The room was not exactly warm. “Hey, buddy,” he cooed, “let’s get you into some clothes, yeah?” He put on the diaper, then slid the baby’s wriggling legs into the onesie, and cupped his head as he lifted him to put on the sleeves. He frowned. Were newborns supposed to be able to move this much? He wasn’t sure. He and Dean weren’t prepared to be taking care of a baby.
Dean frowned. The question “Why would you do that?” left his mouth before his brain could catch up with the fact that Sam was holding an infant in a bumble bee onesie.
“Yeah, it could be anyone, he’s got tunnels all over that graveyard.” Jack finished his bottle, so Sam sat him back up on the table to root around for pieces of cereal.
Cas’ face was a mask devoid of emotion. But Dean could see through the cracks; he saw the remorse in Cas’ eyes when he spoke.
an office. The walls were so bright, they almost hurt Dean’s eyes. Except for the back wall, which was made of panels that lit up with colored lights. The desk to his right was empty.
“Can’t you treat the kid to some Froot Loops or something?” Gabriel snarked as he placed the cereal box back on the table and grabbed Sam’s trail mix.
Mariana frowned. “No, she… she was stepping really carefully, like she was avoiding something I couldn’t see.”
Lucifer was having much less luck. He’d managed to drop one demon, but the second was a much more skilled fighter, and their blades clanged together harmoniously. Cas considered leaving the Devil here and running to the Winchesters immediately, but in that moment of pause, he managed to thrust his blade up through the demon’s chin.
While Dean was disappointed, honestly, he couldn’t say he was surprised. He glanced at Sam, who was nodding slightly. But John looked livid.
“Hey, sleepyhead, we’re home,” Claire whispered. She unbuckled Kaia and wrapped an arm around her torso to help her out of the car.
All Sam could do was stare for a moment. Then he cleared his throat. “What made you change your mind?”
Lucy had helped Mary make herself at home at camp, then brought her on the next supply run. From then on, the two were inseparable. They shared a tent, sat together at meals, and cared for the orphaned children together. Mary wondered if it might be more than friendship.
Mary hadn’t even realized she’d dozed off until she heard the door to the nursery open. Probably Dean or Cas coming in to check on Jack. She opened her eyes to see someone standing over the cradle.
A few minutes later, Dean and Cas returned. Sam scoffed at the two of them; Cas was in a cheap cowboy hat that clashed with this whole boring accountant look, and Dean was in full on cowboy mode with the boots and everything. He had his hand on Cas’ shoulder as they entered.
She and Sam sprinted into a large decrepit ship. Sam shoved Jack into her arms, and she bounced him nervously as Sam pulled out a can of spray paint and began to spray strange sigils onto the walls. Her pulse pounded in her throat and skull.
He ducked to the side as an arm brought a knife down swiftly, embedding it in the table, then grabbed the arm and spun his attacker around, slamming him onto the table. It was a bald man in a suit, probably possessed by a demon.
For a long time, they gazed at the souls surrounding them. Then Cas remembered. “You had an offer for me?”
“Charlie,” Cas said slowly, “You should probably get inside the wards.” Without a word, Charlie backed into the heavily wooded camp, gun still pointed at the unfamiliar version of Castiel.
“Alright, I think I got something,” Sam announced. He should have thought of this sooner, but Jack took up a lot of space in his mind. “I tracked the plates of the stolen truck, went through the traffic cams in town, found some footage of yesterday.”
was sleeping, too.” The entity’s voice had taken on a mockingly conspiring tone, like Cas was a child he had allowed an extra serving of dessert. “Hey, uh, since we’re pals, there’s something I’ve gotta know. I just gotta ask.” It leaned toward Cas, anger clouding its expression. “
“His fever won’t go down,” Cas said, his voice full of worry. “I can’t… I can’t figure out what’s wrong.”
Dean huffed. “Right. Well. Breakfast is ready, if you’re hungry. Think about trying anything funny around Jack and you’ll be dead before you’ve finished the thought.”
He walked back out into the library, smiling to himself. Sam was in the library, laptop open in front of him. The baby monitor was sitting to the side, the volume off. He glanced up at Dean and laughed quietly.
Finally, he managed to get his voice to work. “Why does this sound like a goodbye?” he asked quietly. Chuck banged on the door again, and the room shook.
Without a word, Dean strode forward and slapped the gun out of Sam’s hand, then threw him against the hood of the truck.
Dean smiled softly in an attempt to comfort his friend. “Yeah, you’d think that wisdom would make you smarter.”
“No. It’s not your responsibility.” She swiped at the tears running down her face. “None of it was, I should have been there, I–”
“Yes, well,” Lucifer replied, his voice quieter, “see, here’s the thing. We’re all booked up, buddy.” Lucifer grabbed Cas’ arm possessively.
She sniffled again, then laughed. “You have an angel watching over you.” Sam felt a tear drip down his face as he thought of Cas in the mud. He looked down at Jack, wondering if he remembered Cas from in the womb. If he would miss the angel who no longer watched over him. The video ended soon after that, with Kelly declaring how much she loved Jack.
Dean shrugged, and didn’t answer. He kicked off his boots and turned back to Cas, wrapping his arms around the angel’s waist. Cas waited for him to lean in and kiss him, but he just swayed from side to side, gazing into the angel’s eyes. He began to hum, and Cas realized that Dean was trying to dance with him. Cas matched Dean’s movements, and Dean grinned and began to sing. They danced slowly around the room to Dean’s rendition of The Weight. When he was done with the song, they stood in the kitchen for a few minutes, still swaying. Then they went into the bedroom for the night.
Dean chuckled. “You got me,” he conceded, the threatening tone in his voice never wavering. “And I heard you had a very special regime for this angel.”
Gabriel grinned as he scooped up the happily squealing nephilim in his arms. “Of course, little brother!”
“Uh, she, uh, she just needs a minute, she’s all right,” Sam rambled. No way he was relaying the conversation they’d just had to his brother.
He glanced around furtively before stepping over the rope and making his way upstairs. At the top of the stairs was a bloodstain across the bannister. Bingo. He drew his gun and continued his search. Through the first door he opened was a bathroom, bloodstains illuminated on the bathtub’s curtain.
It was Jack. He relaxed instantly, and released his hold on Naomi. She slid to the floor, gasping. Jack watched her with mild confusion, then turned to Dean.
Donna squinted suspiciously, but made no comment. “Anyhoo, I brought the basics.” She walked around to the bed of her truck, opened the tailgate, and brought out a large bin full of guns, ammunition, machetes, wooden spikes, and more weaponry.
Lucy was part of a patrol crew, out in search of supplies and survivors. They had taken Mary back to camp, where she met up with Bobby Singer. He had been a part of a different camp before, with Mary Campbell. He told her about the woman he knew, who had let her boyfriend die at the hands of a yellow eyed demon, and always regretted it.
“Why don’t we start from the beginning,” Sam interrupted, “Cas has been gone six months, that’s quite a while.”
Oh, Chuck, did he need a diaper change? Sam carried the baby into the nursery and set him on a blanket on top of a Men of Letters desk, their makeshift changing table. He made a mental note to buy some kid-friendly decorations when they had the chance; the walls in the bunker were bare and dull, and it pained him to think that Jack could have had that beautiful nursery in the house in Washington. He and Dean had set up the furniture that they had taken from Washington, but the room still didn’t feel like a child’s room.
Cas smirked, and pulled his Fearless cassette tape out of the box. Dean had helped him make cassettes of all of Taylor Swift’s albums after he’d refused to put any sort of adapter in his baby.
“Leave me with the babysitter if you must,” Rowena said in an almost sing-songy voice, “but do start with the women.”
Mary turned to see Castiel in the doorway. His tie and suit jacket were gone, but the trench coat was still draped over his shoulders like a security blanket. He didn’t hold himself as rigidly as when he was an angel.
“You killed her!” Claire cried, her voice cracking, “you killed her, and you should have killed me! Me! Not her! Well, you coward, I’m back! So finish the goddamn job!”
Lucifer fixed his eyes on her, flashing them a hellish red. “No? Well then what’s my grace doing in him, hmm?” He looked back at Jack, tilting his head. “Indeed, my grace. Well, you can keep the kid, but I’m taking back my grace.”
“What kind of a weirdo sets all this up?” Sam asked incredulously, “I mean, spend the night in a haunted house for a million dollars? That can’t be legal.”
“Yeah, you know what? Dean has a tape of Led Zeppelin’s ‘Moby Dick’ with an eight minute drum solo. I’m sure it’s around here somewhere.” All he wanted was for Rowena to shut up so that Jack would remain asleep. He didn’t need a cranky post-nap baby to add to this pile of trouble.
“But you still help Jody with cases,” she continued, “I thought you wanted out of the whole monster thing.”
Without a moment’s hesitation, Mary threw herself at the man. With all the strength she could muster, she drove her fist into his stomach. He shouted in pain and surprise. She took advantage of his position, cracked his arm over her knee to make him drop the blade, then shoved him into the wall.
Dean froze, pressed his lips together, and looked at the both of them before speaking. “We should probably check it out, just to be safe. I mean, we’ve done more on less.” Cas and Sam looked at him with confusion. “Besides, Dodge City’s kind of, uh, kind of awesome.” Oh. So that’s what that was about.
“Actually, you know what, I’m good,” Dean said, grabbing his jacket, “I’m gonna take a walk.” He slapped a few bills onto the counter. “Thank you.”
“Sam!” he yelled, “Sam, open up!” No one responded. He debated for a moment, then pushed the door open.
Cas did not think it was the best timing given what he had been doing earlier that day, but how could he say no? “I think that sounds like a great idea.”
“Why the hell does he want Jack dead?” Dean asked, panting. He looked shaken, whether by Chuck’s presence or by his words, Cas wasn’t sure.
“And you got right in between us. Right in the path of my gun. You got in the path of the weapon that could have killed you and wouldn’t have even hurt him.”
She raced upstairs to her bedroom, and began to pack a duffel bag. Damn school. Damn everything that held her back. She was needed out there. The Winchesters needed her help, and it seemed to her that whatever they were dealing with, it was bad.
“Apparently, it’s where angels and demons go when they die.” His eyes clouded over, haunted. “It’s pure nothing. Just dark and… nothing. And then I… I felt something, and I woke up.” His gaze focused on Dean again. “I thought that you… had done something.”
“Look,” Dean said, “this phantom isn’t like other ghosts you’ve faced.” The Gang blinked at them, their faces full of cartoon fright. “It’s real. It’s a real ghost.”
“I got her!” yelled the other man to Sam, running after the woman who had fallen through the window.
She scoffed. “I was out on my porch, taking my dog out, and saw Erica Bailey walk right up the front path and through the door.”
“I know,” Cas said, a tear dripping down his cheek. “I know how you see yourself, Dean. You see yourself the same way our enemies see you. You're destructive, and you're angry, and you're broken. You're ‘daddy's blunt instrument.’”
The much taller man shrunk down on himself in shame that only comes from being chewed out by one's mother. “No, Cas came with me. He’s just stuck outside the warding.”
“Uh, we were wondering what that is,” Sam covered, obviously irritated at Dean’s lack of commitment to the role of grieving patient. “A patient of yours, Gloria Simon, she referred us. She’s a family friend.” Dean was impressed by Sam’s on-the-spot lying.
Unfortunately, he had underestimated the man’s endurance. He laughed as he rose to his feet, lifting Dean into the air. Then, he flung Dean over his shoulder, throwing him roughly into the hard-packed dirt. It knocked the wind out of Dean, but he had no time to catch his breath– the man raised a furry-booted foot to stomp Dean’s skull in, and he quickly rolled out of the way and scrambled to his feet again. The man charged him, and Dean ran directly at him, skirting past at the last second. He tumbled to the ground with a large thud as Dean snatched up his sword from the ground. Turning around, he found the man still finding his footing, still unsteady.
“These mountains are full of iron deposits,” Cas explained, “so she can be defeated by iron, just like any other ghost.”
“Mary, can I please have some more?” asked Renee. Her parents had died on a supply run at the hands of a squadron of angels.
Lucifer looked over at Sam, who was still frozen in fear. “See ya later, Sammy.” With a flap of wings, he disappeared.
Dean felt his throat constricting, but it was too late to back out of this now. “I mean… we didn’t share any blood ties, but… he was my best friend. He was… he was family.”
Cas dodged the strike and threw his elbow into his opponent’s face. “The Righteous Man.” He ducked beneath another blow. “Dean Winchester.”
“Here are the ingredients,” Donatello said, snapping Dean back to the issue at hand. Sam took the paper and held it close to his face, trying to decipher the ugly, scrawling handwriting.
Sam and Dean leapt from the table, grabbing guns and angel blades from the duffels piled by the door.
All of a sudden, he felt it. A presence. Someone, or something, was with him, watching him, surrounding him.
“What? A monster? Well, so are you. And it’s about time you embraced that.” He turned to Dean, who had been unable to reach the lock pick in his back pocket. “So I’m not going to kill these two.” So he had seen Jack there. “You are.” He pulled out a gun– Dean was more than peeved to see that it was his gun– and pointed it at Dr. Vallens. “You end them, or you die. Courtesy of Tweedledee’s silver bullets. So what’s it gonna be, Princess?”
Dean bit the inside of his cheek and squeezed his eyes shut. It had only been a week. He knew that at some point Jack would stop asking for his other dad. He wasn’t sure if he dreaded that day or longed for it.
“What if something goes wrong?” Sam asked, panicked. The ship rumbled again. The sigil was melting off the wall.
“You thinking Mom is gone and Cas is gone, and that Jack can’t grow up good.” He sighed again. “Dean, after everything we’ve gone through… we just lost people we love,” Dean thought of Cas, lying in the mud between two scorched wing prints, “people who have been in our lives for a long time.” Dean thought of his mother, disappearing in a flash as the rift closed around her. “Everything’s upside-down. I get it.” Dean looked away, uncomfortable with the whole heart-to-heart thing, but not confident enough that his voice wouldn’t break if he tried to shut it down. “But we’ve been down before. I mean, rock bottom. And we find a way. We fix it because that’s what we do.” Dean stared at a spot just above Sam’s shoulder, pushing down the grief that Sam was trying so hard to drag to the surface. He couldn’t think about that stuff. Not right now. Not until they were back at the bunker, where they were safe from demons and angels and whatever the hell else wanted to get their hands on Jack.
“The– the demon tablet has very specific instructions on how to free them. These men are very dangerous.”
Lucifer whirled around to face him, dropping Rowena on the stone of the dias in front of the throne. Apparently he had laughed out loud.
“Guess so,” Dean conceded. He didn’t want to admit that killing a monster was not as therapeutic as he had hoped. Sure, he’d been distracted at the time, but now all his grief was back and weighing heavy on his shoulders. And he still had Jack to take care of when he got home.
He ran a hand through Cas’ hair as he pulled out of the parking lot. Hopefully the rest of this trip would be quite a bit more relaxing.
“Is it?” Cas asked dubiously, checking his reflection in the rearview mirror. He did not think the locals would overlook the cheap quality of the hat, nor the fact that it didn’t exactly match the rest of his outfit.
“Pretty cool, right?” Dean said, examining the photographs on the wall while Cas set Jack’s carrier on the couch. “Dude! Check it out–” he pointed at one of the photographs “–Clay Allison, gun fighter extraordinaire, right? And, uh, Curly Bill Brocius–” he pointed at another photograph “–now, little fun fact here, he was killed by–” he pointed to yet another photograph “–Wyatt Earp himself.” He turned to Sam and grinned childishly. “Not kidding.” Sam could only stare as Dean walked along the wall, listing names and pointing.
“Sorry,” Dean whispered to Cas as Sarah explained to her friends how she knew the two strange men before them.
“Our plan, Dean,” Sam replied. “The spell, get Mom back. Donatello’s soul is gone. That’s not just something you come back from.”
Dean stood there for a moment, catching his breath, before walking back to the room where Jody was sitting up from being knocked to the floor.
“Still kickin’,” the Sarge huffed, sitting up. He groaned. “Just barely. That sumbitch dragged me down here, tossed me around like I was a damn rag doll.”
“Rowena!” Sam yelled, trying to maintain his balance so he wouldn’t drop Jack. He tried to lean down and grab the hex bag, but it was out of reach. They were well and truly stuck.
Cas glanced at Dean, who simply shrugged. He handed over the baby, and Gabriel disappeared down the hallway.
Naomi straightened her shoulders and stared at Dean defiantly. “Yes,” she replied, “It’s true.” She smiled, and though Dean could tell she intended for it to appear malicious, he could see the fear in it. “But you only care about one angel, if I’m not mistaken.”
He was quiet for most of the drive back to the motel, but began to whine as Sam pulled into the parking lot. When he got back to the room, Sam opened a box of cereal, dumped a handful of it onto the tabletop and sat Jack on the table, watching to make sure he didn’t crawl off while he prepped a bottle. Jack crunched happily with his two teeth, wobbling a little as he sat upright. When the bottle was ready, Sam took Jack onto his lap and held him while he ate. He took the bone out of his pocket and set it on the table so Jack could lean more comfortably against him.
“Excuses aside,” Cas quipped, “you’re saying that you’re too weak to overcome even your weakest creation?”
“It’ll be fine, don’t worry. You’re just around the corner, we’ll holler if something goes wrong. Not like we can leave Jack alone in the car.” He looked over at Sam. He ignored the flash of guilt that passed over his face, and grabbed his shotgun and made his way toward the bank.
He was cut off as Lucifer leapt forward and sliced into Cas’ side with his angel blade. Cas grunted in pain as he leapt backward, just a moment in time to avoid being impaled by the Devil again.
Jack squirmed as Sam undid the snaps of his pajamas. He glanced around for something to give Jack to distract him, and his eyes landed on a photograph on the floor. Before it even registered in his mind what the subject of the photograph was, he held it above Jack’s tiny face. It was a picture of Cas. He wasn’t sure when it had been taken, but in it he was looking out the window of a diner. Sam figured that Dean had taken it.
Thankfully, the purr of the engine and the movement of the car put Jack into a deep sleep; he hadn’t moved since they left the house in Washington. Dean had left the radio off, likely to maintain Jack’s sleeping state. They were crossing into Wyoming when Sam finally broke the silence.
Kaia slid into consciousness and gasped, her head throbbing in pain. She was tied to a chair. Pulling against the restraints proved to be useless. She glanced around, and discovered that she was in some sort of abandoned room, a warehouse or something.
“She wanted intel,” Dean answered, glad to take his mind off his friend. “She said that we’re important, that we’ve got work to do.”
But that didn’t matter. He smiled, and turned his face to the sun. It warmed his skin, as if welcoming him home.
He closed his book. “Why didn’t you?” He wasn’t challenging her, and he hoped that was communicated in his tone.
The Sarge grunted in reply. “Shawnte, the clerk, recognized the perp’s voice. She said he sounded just like the fella that’s been dating Athena.”
Donna tilted her head at Jody and grinned. “Ah, you know. I do what I do.” She glanced at Jack. “And who’s this little stinker?”
“Room 117,” the receptionist replied. Dean rushed down the hall before he could ask for any more information.
“It’s run by some mythical being or another, honestly I forget what they are, something Greek, but they drug the hell out of you, and they caught me off guard. Turns out they were in league with Asmodeus, so they handed me over to him.”
“Yes,” it said, nodding. Cas hated the way it stretched his face into that condescending and excessively gleeful smile. “That’s right, nothing. Nothing but Empty. And you are soaking in it. Angels and demons, you all come here when you die.”
How could Dean be so calm if he thought there was no door? “Well, last time we opened one, it stayed open.”
“I’ll get him,” Dean said, jogging down the stairs and tossing his car keys on the map table. Cas walked down the stairs slowly, and welcomed a hug from Sam when he reached the bottom.
“Ach, no coincidence,” Rowena replied, picking up her own scotch glass. “I felt the book moving. In a moment of weakness, I may have put a tracking spell on the Grimoire behind your backs.”
“Throwing a freaking temper tantrum!” Dean froze, staring at something behind Sam. He watched as the frustration on his brother’s face boiled over into rage. “Oh, you did not!”
No. He was going to show his face. The face that haunted Sam’s every waking moment, the face that sent him to insanity in the Cage.
Power jolted through her again, shooting pain through her entire body. She screamed. No, no, no, this was wrong, this wasn’t how it was supposed to work.
“You can wait in here if you’d like,” she offered, standing aside from the door. Sam brushed past her, too worried about Jack to bother with any sort of manners.
“Oh, can we not?” Rowena cut in, “It’s like reminiscing about an abusive relationship, why do that?”
Cas turned his head, and suddenly found the hunter’s lips on his. He blinked, then closed his eyes, melting into the kiss. Dean was moving his lips, slowly and gently. It was the most pleasant sensation Cas had ever felt.
He had lied; they weren’t anywhere near close to getting Mom back. But Jack (and sure, Dean too) missed the angel.
He stormed past Sam and Kaia and the screaming Jack and led the way up the stairs to an upper deck of the ship. Kaia had never been so scared, not even in the Bad Place.
Without a word, the hooded figure clanged its spear three times against the skull. It clanged like a bell, ringing through the forest. Then it stalked away.
Even after he had run out of tears, and his throat refused to make any noise, Dean didn’t bother to leave the nursery. At some point, he had slid onto his side, into a laying-down position.
Dean was alone with her. With the baby. His blood ran cold as he sprinted back downstairs, gun at the ready.
“No,” Cas replied, “prophets are conduits. Whatever’s in the tablet should just flow through them.” He shook his head, sifting through his extensive memories. “I heard of one who was tempted once, but never fully corrupted.”
“Ah, pretty much,” Donatello panted, “No soul of course, thanks to Amara. It’s kind of like losing your appendix. You never really noticed it when you had it.” He groaned. “But now, when I come to a moral crossroad, I ask myself, ‘what would Mr. Rogers do?’ And as soon as I nail that, I’m usually good.” Sam blinked, partially in confusion and partially in amusement.
“Well, ten o’clock! I suggest we all turn in!” one of the background cousins announced. They all herded toward the stairs.
“It is very nice,” Cas affirmed, looking back out the window at the golden birch trees. Fall was setting in, but Dean didn’t mind. He figured it would be a bit less tourist-heavy this time of year.
“You think this is the place?” she asked. It was quiet. Nothing strange about it, as far as she could tell.
He sighed. “Cas,” he prayed, “Cas, I’m so sorry. I….” It was useless. Cas was gone. Still, how could he not apologize? This had been his fault. If Dean had just trusted Cas, helped him help Kelly, they could have avoided all of this, they could have kept Kelly safe together, and they wouldn’t have had to fight Lucifer or lose Crowley or Mom or–
Lucifer bristled with irritation as Cas’ eyes flicked toward the door again. “What? What? What? What? Will you– will you do me a favor and stop looking at the door every five seconds like you wanna get out of here?”
Sam sighed. “Look, you’ve seen this episode, right?” Dean nodded in return. “So why can’t we just skip to the end?”
“Yeah,” Dean replied, forcing the image of Cas’ burned wings to the back of his mind. “Because I know that Mom’s dead, and I know that she’s not coming back.”
Was Dean seriously trying to talk about feelings? “No, it’s not about that. It’s about….” He paused. “Well, it is in part about that.” Was now really the time to bring up his failing grace? No, better to blame it on one of the other things constantly nagging at him. “But, Dean, I promised Kelly that I would protect her son, and if Michael really is coming, then maybe I was brought in preparation.”
“What am I doing? What are you doing, huh?” the man yelled, “You think you can just leave? Build this whole new life for yourself without me?” Dean wished the kid would wake up and make the lightbulbs explode or something, but for now he was stuck. The man glanced over at Dean and grinned maniacally. “Oh, you’re up.”
“Honestly,” she pressed. “Having your skull crushed and being burned alive can do that to a girl.” Dean did not want to picture it. He’d seen enough body horror in his lifetime. “And it’s my tracking spell, so, if you want to find those girls… you’ll need me.”
“No.” Fear erupted through Cas’ body, and he looked at the entity incredulously. “At least, not yet.” The Empty giggled. “No, not until you’re happy, until you’re truly happy, the happiest you’ve ever been. That’s when I’ll take you, when you’ve forgotten about this deal and you lean back and allow the sun to shine on your face, when you feel safe and secure and loved. I’ll come for you then.” The Empty tipped back its head and cackled. “Oh, I’m so excited.” And with that, the Empty, and Dumah, disappeared.
Dean set his jaw. “Well, this one did, okay? Things aren’t as black and white as you think.” He regretted his words immediately.
She inhaled deeply. “Someone… a friend’s in danger.” She needed to help Jody. The dead look in her eyes frightened Patience. “They’re going to be in danger.” She turned and rushed down the stairs, not wanting to look her dad in the eyes.
Michael scowled, but it was tinged with confusion. “Castiel, my brother, why do you side with the hairless apes?”
“Thanks.” He wasn’t sure why Dean was apologizing, but he had bigger issues. He tried to return his attention to the volume in his lap about multiverses.
Cas watched with feigned disinterest as the guard demon stalked past his cell. He heard them pause in front of Lucifer’s cell.
Dean parked the Impala around the corner, so that he wouldn’t have to worry about his baby getting caught in any crossfire.
He responded to Jack’s energetic babble when he opened a giant Lego set from Jody and the girls. He helped Jack put on the tiny cowboy jacket and hat that Mary got for him. He smiled at Jack when he opened the box from Rowena, an enchanted mobile to hang above his crib that granted him good dreams always. He pretended to be amused when Gabriel gave him a set of fake angel wings and a basket overflowing with candy from around the world.
Sam thought for a moment before answering. “I guess I don’t deal with it. Not really. I mean, I… I pushed it down and the world kept almost ending, so I keep pushing it down, and… I don’t know, I… I don’t really talk about it, not even with Dean.” He found it was good to talk about it with Rowena, though. Someone who understood. “I mean, I could. You know, he’d… he’d listen, but… that’s not something I really know how to share.”
“Come here to Uncle Gabe, little devil spawn!” the archangel cooed as Jack crawled across the library floor to his outstretched arms.
“I suppose you don’t care much what I sing.” He inhaled deeply, then began to sing, his voice raspy and hoarse. Jack didn’t seem to mind a bit. It was a song he’d heard on the radio not long before Jack had been born, on one of Kelly’s favorite stations. It wasn’t really a lullaby, but he figured if he sang it slow and quiet, it would work well enough. He wondered what Dean sounded like when he sang to Jack; he’d only ever heard him singing raucously to the radio in the Impala, volume blasting so loud Cas wanted to warn him about the risk of rupturing an eardrum.
The archangel stepped toward them. Thunder rumbled overhead. “I have a deal for you, Dean Winchester.”
Sam’s heart dropped. With the black-and-white perspective John had regarding nonhumans, would he try to harm Jack? He was certainly staring him down with the look he got on his face when he fought with spirits or vampires. Or with Sam, for that matter.
“When winter set in one year, it set in much earlier and faster than normal. The community had to very quickly pack up and move out of the pass. Since they didn’t want anyone wandering into the mineshaft, they boarded it up before they left.
He remained silent. Despite his desire to talk earlier, now it was time to focus on the case at hand.
Dean’s heart wrenched at the words, and at the mention of his father. He was right. He was terrified of becoming to Jack what his father had been to him.
“Yeah,” Sam replied tersely, turning to the increasingly infuriating archangel, who had his feet propped up on the table.
“Desperate times,” James shot back. Dean watched as he performed the ritual. He didn’t understand it, but he did understand when James pointed to an abandoned warehouse on the map. Always with the abandoned warehouses.
“No,” Donatello chuckled darkly, “You just brought me here to use me, and to get your precious spell back.” He paused a moment before continuing. “You’re wasting your time. And if it’s a little magic you wanna be seein’…” He gestured flimsily with one bound hand and whispered something that Cas couldn’t quite make out.
Nurse Johnson nodded. “Well done.” She signed a form and handed it to Alex, then left. Alex sat at her desk to start processing the paperwork.
This was her family. It was an odd one, but it was hers, and she would take care of it. That’s what she was good at.
“Okay, sure.” Sam doubted that highly. “Let’s say you get the book. It’s not going to change anything.”
“They don’t know that they’re in a… a C–word,” Dean hissed. “And we’re not gonna tell them about anything. Not where we’re from, not about monsters. Nothing, capiche?” Sam stared at him like he was speaking in tongues. “They are pure and innocent and good, and we’re gonna keep it that way.”
“Ach, well, you can’t really blame her for getting new bairns,” Rowena chimed in from the other side of the room, “I mean, look how you two turned out.”
“You think of yourself as his father, don’t you?” Cas was looking at him softly, the same look he’d given Dean when they were looking for Claire, when he’d called Dean a role model.
If you haven’t reread my updated version of chapter seven, I’d go back and do it now. Just the scene where Cas goes to the gates of Heaven to ask for assistance when Jack is sick
Jody passed her a paper with Kaia’s description and mug shots. She looked angry, as angry as Claire felt on bad days.
She’d never thought about grandchildren back before the nursery fire, what with her boys being so young, but she was a bit disappointed when she met her adult children to find that they hadn’t settled down. Now that she had Jack to dote on, though, she was going to take advantage of all the time she could get with him.
Sam slung a bag with the prepped spellwork loaded into it. “Ready as I’ll ever be.” He turned to Eileen. [I love you.]
Jody was silent for a moment. Claire could imagine her nodding sadly. “Okay. Well, good job taking the striga out, anyway.”
“Besides, when we do perform the spell, we’ll need a proper witch to make sure it all goes right,” Sam added.
Sam sighed, and hung up the phone. “It’s not Tom,” he said to Dr. Vallens. She sighed. For a few more minutes, she just watched as Sam scrubbed through her security footage, searching for eye flares.
Dean looked up at him, eyes wide and brimming with tears. Cas was close enough to see the streaks of brown inlaid in the green. His heart hurt for Dean.
“Well,” Cas replied softly, “he is a shapeshifter.” He coughed softly. “Besides, I’m the one who got myself captured.”
“Cas, hey. Jack’s fine, turns out we all freaked over nothing. We’ve got some antibiotics and it’s all good. Where are you? You didn’t get any trouble from Heaven, did you?”
“Oh yes, yes,” the thing chuckled, fussing with the trench coat, “well, I show up in my real form, and you’d freak out, rip out your own eyes, et cetera, and that would be embarrassing, wouldn’t it, for both of us?”
i hope my readers enjoyed the switch in POVs to the various wayward girls, now back to our regularly scheduled programming of team free will...
Sam sighed. They weren’t going to get anywhere with this hunt if Velma didn’t know what she was looking for. “Look,” he said, “I’m not supposed to tell you this, but ghosts are real.”
“Because I do,” Billie said sharply, “Because this whole multi-versal quantum construct we live in, it’s like a house of cards. And the last thing I need is some big, dumb Winchester knocking it all down.”
“Thank you, Gabriel. Finish that joint before you come inside, I don’t want Jack inhaling any of that shit.”
Sam glanced at the papers on the door before entering. Kaia Nieves. Age nineteen. Admitted for an overdose and sleep deprivation.
“Rangers,” Dean interrupted. “That’s right.” Cas looked over at Dean, confused, but Dean looked positively excited to be playing this role. Whatever. “We’ve been tracking a fugitive who skipped across state lines. He’s a real mean son of a gun.” Cas could’ve sworn that Dean was pulling these lines directly from a movie. “He’s been robbing graves,” he added.
Jack began to whine loudly, so they excused themselves and made their way into the house, to the site of the crime.
It reached up and grabbed at the top of Cas’ skull. Pain seared through his vessel, and he dropped to his knees, screaming.
Kaia rocked back and forth on her heels, avoiding eye contact with the lizard in the cage next to her. Lizard meat wasn’t so bad, but Kaia hated live lizards. Hated their dead-eyed stares.
“Buddy’s posing as one of my patients,” Dr. Vallens explained, “Sam traced his phone, so I let him take my car. He left about ten minutes ago.”
It would be a month tomorrow. Dean eyed the liquor cabinet, and sipped at his coffee. He was already jittery beyond belief, but if he stopped drinking coffee, he’d start drinking alcohol, and he couldn’t start. He wouldn’t.
“Dean, I was just hoping. I didn’t know.” He clicked a few buttons on his phone before continuing. “Anyway, it doesn’t matter. Now that we do know–”
Kaia started from sleep. She had dreamt of Claire, again. Not dreamwalking, just dreams, just hopes that Claire still thought of her. She always dreamed of Claire, watched as she hunted down the cloaked figure that had supposedly killed her. Sometimes, like tonight, she knelt in front of a small shrine in the woods, talking to Kaia. But this time, there had been a portal. Claire had gone through it.
“Well, goodbye Cas,” he rasped, refusing to let his voice break. “Goodbye Kelly. Goodbye Crowley.” He paused. “Goodbye Mom.”
“I– Well– You remember when I was forced to spy on you and Sam, right?” Cas stuttered, not really wanting to tell Dean this story– but they were bound to come around to it eventually, it might as well happen now.
“We’ll take him back to the bunker,” Dean said, wincing at the crack in his voice. “He’ll be safest there.”
Dean didn’t even knock, just barged in and yelled “Hey Mom!” and sat himself down in the kitchen. Mary was tossing a salad, and the smell of burgers wafted in from the grill outside. After a few minutes of small talk, John walked in with a large plate of burgers. As soon as he saw Cas, he fumbled the plate and it tumbled to the floor.
Jody pulled out her gun and stalked alongside Donna down the hall. Her heart pounded in her throat. She rounded a corner, then ducked back when she saw two of the hideous creatures rooting through debris on the floor.
“The child was not a nephilim.” The face of Cas’ other self was expressionless. “Ishim ordered us to kill the child out of jealousy, because he was in love with Lily Sunder.”
They walked (Dean was almost strutting) towards the officer at the edge of the crime scene, and Cas had to admit, the hat did make him feel a little bit cooler.
Sam took his place, hidden behind the column. He watched as Rowena climbed up the dias, red gown shimmering, and slowly lowered herself onto the throne of Hell.
“I’m… confused, but… grateful,” Cas said slowly. “I guess I just keep waiting for something bad to happen.”
“Really, you two. I know you’re some of the leading members of the Lucifer hate club, but did you really think you could take me down?”
Dean turned to see Cas entering the library with that squinty-eyed look on his face, and grinned. “Ah, he’s used to it. Besides, it’s kind of an inside joke.”
Dean rolled his eyes, but Cas could see how happy he was that his mom was happy for him. “Thanks, Mom.” He released Cas’ hand and picked up his burger again.
“And so the spell to open this rift is in the angel tablet?” Donatello asked cautiously as he approached the map table.
“Victim was found with a hole in the base of her skull and her brains….” She paused and turned to Missouri. “Sorry,” she whispered.
Cas closed the gap between their mouths with a chaste kiss, pulling away after a brief moment. “Can’t argue with that.”
“Heya Dean-o!” Gabriel greeted as he exited the car. He frowned when John exited behind him. “Uh, who’s your buddy?”
“That would be great, actually,” Cas replied, handing off the fussy baby to Mary. “I should get going on dishes.”
“What?” Dean asked quietly. Jack stirred on his chest, and he laid his hand on the child’s back, rubbing circles to calm him. Damn Gabriel for giving him his first sugar high.
At that moment, the toys in the toy box floated into the air and launched themselves at Sam and Velma. She gasped as they turned to run out of the attic.
Sam pursed his lips. Maybe they should just sit there quietly, but he was certain if there was another long, awkward silence, Rowena would do something to wake Jack, or worse, to speed up their operation. And besides, he needed to make it clear to her that she was not getting that book. “Rowena… even if you pull off whatever plan you’re trying to pull off, even if we manage to get the book back–”
She scoffed. “Your plan? It sucks. They won’t come for me.” Although, given her situation, she kind of hoped they would.
Kaia nodded. “In my dreams.” Somehow, she found herself making eye contact with Claire without immediately looking away. Something about her felt… well, trustworthy. “And not just one of them,” she continued, “those things, they travel in packs. They pick up your scent and they don’t stop.”
Dean passed him his lighter, and Sam lit the bag on fire. Purple flames licked across it. He felt his feet unstick from the concrete.
“Everyone who knows you see it. Everything you have ever done, the good and the bad, you have done for love.”
“I talked to the undertaker, Athena Lopez, but she claims that she was gone the night of the robbery. However,” Sam tossed the chewed shoulder bone to Dean, “I found this in the grave. Looks like a ghoul.” Dean inspected the bone as he collapsed on the couch. He passed it to Cas when he sat down next to him.
“Our dad did,” Sam offered, despite the fact that John’s journal was certainly not what the doctor was asking about.
Dean clipped the thread of Cas’ last stitch, then stood and went to the bathroom to rinse off his hands. The amount of blood that Cas had lost was worrying. If he’d been human, he would probably be dead by now.
Dean went around, grabbing a few sets of boxers and socks, a pair of jeans, a pair of sweatpants, a few soft cotton shirts, a sweatshirt, and a flannel. He figured if Cas needed more, they could always go back, or he could borrow some of Dean’s clothes.
By the time the credits rolled and the laptop began to autoplay the next movie in the series, Dean had fallen asleep, leaning on Cas’ shoulder.
The doctor walked over to them, and shook each of their hands in turn. “Doctor Mia Vallens,” she said as an introduction.
“I’m going to miss a few days of school. No big deal.” It was a big deal, though; her grades were dropping, and she couldn’t focus anymore, and her visions were getting more frequent. She zipped up her bag, and tried to brush past her dad, but he grabbed her arm.
Sam thought of Garth and his family. Not all monsters were bad; maybe Dr. Vallens was a member of that minority.
“Sorry, my angel juice isn’t that recharged.” The archangel held out an ice pack, and Sam begrudgingly accepted it before a thought hit him like another bottle to the head. “Jack–”
Lucifer sneered, his true face fully showing. Sam fought the urge to turn and run, somehow succeeding in maintaining eye contact, staring the Devil down as he stuck the needle into his own neck.
She pulled her sleeve over the injury. “I’ve got others, all over.” She wrapped her hoodie tighter around herself. Why was she telling her this? The girl was only going to pity her.
John shoved Mary off of himself roughly, diving for the angel blade and sending her tumbling to the ground. Faster than she even realized she could move, she snatched up the sword, just before John could wrap his fingers around it.
Bobby, Charlie, and the other adults had left before Castiel woke up, heading to the property that once belonged to the Bobby Singer of this world. The plan was to fix up the house and cabins enough to make a commune for the refugee families. None of them wanted to leave each other to navigate this new world on their own. Mary had stayed at the bunker with the children, figuring it would be easier to keep them here than try to keep them away from the construction. But once it was fixed up, she would be staying with them. As much as she loved her boys, she had been through so much more with these people. They were her family now.
“Me too.” Kaia glanced over to see Claire unzipping her jeans to reveal a scarred-over bite mark on her ankle. “Ghoul bite.” The crazy blonde looked proud of it. Kaia couldn’t help but smile. She lifted her jacket to reveal another large and jagged scar on her shoulder. “Bar fight with a vampire. He threw me through a window.” She looked back at Kaia, as if for approval, and Kaia felt herself blush. She looked away. Now was not the time to be getting a stupid schoolgirl crush. Still….
Still, Dean seemed very excited about it, and given what had gone down since Cas’ death, he figured it would be good to do something fun.
“Patience, don’t.” She stopped in her tracks. “You go now, you choose that life, you don’t come back.”
“Look,” he replied, “whatever you’re selling, I’m not interested.” He made to close the door, but Dean held it open.
“Except we dont have the angel tablet anymore.” Sam turned to see Cas enter the war room in an old T-shirt and Jack on his hip. He had dark circles under his eyes. The angel was recovering very quickly from an injury of that magnitude by human standards, but slowly compared to how he had healed in the past. Sam wanted to ask him about it, but figured that now was not the time.
She’d realized it pretty soon after Kaia’s death. Her biggest regret was that she’d never get to tell her. All she wanted was to have Kaia back, so she could give her everything she ever wanted. A home, a family.
“Sure,” Cas replied, before realizing that that meant seeing John twice in one day. But if Dean could live with the man for his entire childhood, Cas could surely survive an evening with him. Without any more beatings.
“Hey, cool it,” came Dean’s voice from behind them. Sam silently cursed his dumb big brother for getting involved with this. The archangel certainly wasn’t going to listen to him; he’d killed him hundreds of times in that nightmare time loop without a second thought.
“Yeah, yeah,” Lucifer replied, irritation plain in his voice, “that whole shape-shifty thing he does? I didn’t give him that. But so what? The old dog’s learned some new tricks. Eventually, he’s gonna mess up, and then he’s mine, okay?”
The drive to Lawrence was a quick one. Jody was already at the crime scene, talking to Missouri, when he arrived.
Sam stared at the lizard roasting over the tiny campfire Dean had built. He wrinkled his nose as Dean took a large piece and shoved it in his mouth. His brother chewed thoughtfully for a moment, then shrugged.
“And Dean Winchester. Whoo! The good little soldier, daddy’s blunt instrument. You just can’t seem to break the cycle. Can’t seem to be anything but a killer.”
A loud growling noise brought Claire’s attention away from the rift. This place was dark, everything appeared to be bathed in blue light, and it looked like an old growth forest– the redwoods, maybe.
Jack began to cry, his wails echoing through the dark graveyard. Dean quickly pulled himself out of the dirt hole and picked him up from his carrier. He held Jack close and hummed softly until he fell asleep. A trick that Dean was increasingly thankful. He continued to pace slowly, still holding Jack.
Sam sighed. No beating around the bush here. He had really hoped to strike up a conversation before delving into this topic. When Dean had relayed the information that they needed archangel grace, Sam had told him that Gabriel would not be happy about even more of his grace being siphoned off, especially after his time with Asmodeus.
“Hi, Jack,” she said sweetly, “It’s, uh… I’m your mom. Uh, I guess I should tell you, I always wanted to be a mom. I played with dolls– I was that kind of girl– and daydream about my baby.” She rambled on for a while longer, telling Jack about herself and how she imagined he would be. “Jack,” she continued, her voice more urgent and sincere, “don’t let anyone tell you who you’re supposed to be, because who you’re supposed to be isn’t fate.” She sniffed. “It isn’t me, it isn’t your father.” She sighed. “You are who you choose to be. And I know you’re gonna be okay.” She was crying now, and Sam could feel tears pricking the backs of his eyes. “You are gonna be amazing.” Jack cooed softly, and Sam wondered if maybe he could understand, just a little bit, if the archangel grace lent him some maturity beyond his infant body.
Jack was sitting across from them at the foot of the bed, his bear held in his lap. Curled around it, he looked younger- not quite the three years old that was his true chronological age, but still far younger than he usually looked.
Dean staggered slightly, light the floor had been pulled out from under him, but carefully tried to obscure it. “The spell?” He turned to face Cas where he was standing in the doorway to the kitchen, catching his eye, but his words were still directed to the rest of the room. “But if it’s the spell that’s letting Cas fly right now- what does that mean for Cas when we break it?”
They shared a warm smile before Cas stepped out of Dean’s room, and Dean fell back onto his bed, already feeling a bit less restless.
Jack was able to wear a t-shirt and a pair of sweatpants- they were a bit too long, but they fit okay around the waist and the way they bunched up at his ankles looked kind of cute and cozy.
Dean’s hand remained still on Cas’ arm. “Cas… You didn’t answer my other question. Did I make it worse?”
Cas looked intensely at Dean’s face, and maybe from someone else that scrutiny would have felt uncomfortable, but this was Cas, who’d watched him while he’d slept and who knew him better than anyone else. Finally, Cas pulled Dean into a crushing embrace that Dean wholeheartedly returned. There was a lingering tingle in his face and the back of his head that he recognized from being healed by Cas in the past, a stunning
And Castiel reaches across the table and rests his hand on Dean’s, gently rubbing the wrist with his thumb. “I still feel the same.”
Cas patted the trenchcoat bundle he’d been carting around since the first dressing room. “I wouldn’t dare misplace it.”
The cadence of Sam’s steps still sounded the same- but quieter, with the smaller frame he currently had. Putting away the last of his car wash supplies, he glanced over his shoulder to find his younger brother shifting nervously behind him.
Dean took a deep breath. “Sam, he just wants to be a kid. He’s a three year old in the body of an adult and he didn’t get any kind of childhood. That’s what he was trying to do.” Dean rubbed his forehead to try and alleviate the tension headache he felt coming on. “Cas and I are working on it.”
And then I reread and analyzed further and I realized that, dumbass pantser that I am, the conversation was part of one of the recurring themes of the damn fic, and of course it belonged there, especially since I hadn't touched on this with Jack since like chapter six or so.
, to, sure- but you and I both know it does.” Charlie caught his eye, and he nodded with a sad smile.
Dean sighed with relief. “Can’t tell you how glad I am to hear that, man. So- this is definitely some kind of magical nonsense- anything you’ve run into before?”
“Help you with- oh.” He could hear the door click closed as Castiel stepped into the room. The man’s now-delicate hands were warm against Dean’s skin as they pulled the zipper the rest of the way up Dean’s back, and he shivered at the sensation. He could picture what Cas’ face would look like, focused and intent, determined to manipulate the closure without snagging it on Dean’s skin, and that image made him shiver again just as Cas stepped away, finished with his task. “Are you alright, Dean? Will you need a jacket? You seem like you might be cold.”
The two of them stood like this until they heard Charlie and Jack making their way up the hallway, before separating in stages: first, pulling back to face each other; then stepping back but keeping their arms around each other; and finally disconnecting the embrace completely. Not ready to stop touching Dean completely, Cas extended a hand and grabbed Dean’s, pulling him out of the bedroom to where he could hear Charlie and Jack setting up.
Cas rolled his eyes. “They did. That’s how they met Crowley- he was originally a crossroads demon before he became the king of Hell.”
“Dean! Did you have a good date?” Dean flushed at Jack’s question- even if it had looked like a date and felt like a date, a date wasn’t really a date unless everyone agreed it was a date, and well, they hadn’t exactly talked about it.
Charlie perked her head up from where she was still eating- looked like she was the last one working on her meal, which made sense since she’d been the one to drop off him and Cas and so would have started eating later than everyone else. “Something happened?”
But it was absolutely imperative that he break Jack’s spell, regardless of the additional consequences..
The bottom dropped out of Dean’s stomach, and he rushed to hide the falter in his step. Sam wasn’t wrong. He never talked about his emotions, or his pain, or how dysfunctional his relationships got sometimes. “Is that so? Well. Maybe it’s just… the right time to finally talk about some of this crap. Just as long as you don’t make me talk to a fucking shrink.”
Dean jolted upright in his chair, belatedly remembering to hide what he was reading. He’d given up on actually participating in magical research and had been using that time to read sci-fi novels and westerns. Sam was still trying to insist on “all hands on deck”, though, so he didn’t want his brother catching on to how he was actually spending his afternoons.
“Feels like a weight off, am I right?” Dean followed him out of the salon. He’d gone for hair long enough to tie back or braid, but far shorter than it had started out- still feminine, while being manageable and functional. “It’s so weird- I’d almost stopped noticing how much hair there was, but it’s great now that there’s less of it.” With a grin, he reached out and tousled Cas’ new haircut. “Soft…”
“Or, something would have snapped and we would have had an even worse fight- and I wouldn’t have had you watching my back when the apocalypse went down.”
“Apparently.” Cas smiled over at Dean as they continued towards the kitchen, and Dean met it with a grin of his own, content to know that no matter what else happened, they could still be this comfortable with each other.
In front of him, the associate beamed, and tapped a pin he hadn’t noticed until that moment. Pink, purple, and blue.
Here, Dean grimaced. “Cas was having a really hard time of it, so I haven’t really had much of a chance to find
He took a shaky breath, and carefully pulled away from her arms. “Alright, alright, I’m picking up what you’re putting down.” He took a deeper breath, trying to center himself, and exhaled in a controlled rush of air. “And now I’ve gotta go talk to Cas…”
In front of him, Sam flinched like he’d been punched in the gut, his mouth open in horror. He raised a hand, reaching it out towards Dean, who brushed it aside, and stalked out of the library.
I really appreciate all your comments and feedback, by the way; they make a huge difference to me and make my day!
”I thought about reaching out to you, many times. When he retrieved your luggage to bring it back to Vegas, Inias found the ring. He told me about it. Every time I thought of reaching out to you, I thought of the ring. And then when I stumbled across your shop- it felt like too much time had passed. Maybe Lisa and Ben had moved out here with you, and you’d only moved to be closer to your brother, and reaching out would have been an exercise in heartbreak. So I watched.”
Dean pulls Cas into a joyous, tight hug, asks him how he’s been. Cas is his usual awkward self, but Dean can see a bright emotion, joy or hope, sparkling in his eyes. Dean says something about not knowing what to say so he didn’t reach out to say anything, but that he’d wanted to, that he’d
Hitching up his ill-fitting jeans, he strode across the library as quickly as he could, Cas trailing behind him. Once he reached Jack, he grabbed the boy by his shoulders and looked up at him, turning Jack’s head so he’d look him in the eye. “Jack. Whatever happened, whatever mistake you made, it’s alright. We have the best library and the best witch and the best researchers on our team, we can figure out how to fix it.”
Sam’s timing was perfect. As soon as Cas had calmed down, he’d rushed out of the garage, leaving Dean to give Baby the attention she deserved; he was just finishing up with her when Sam had called out.
“Dean.” Cas stepped into the room, as close to Dean as he dared. “Right now your emotional well-being is my priority. Jack will be fine. Rowena has raised no concerns about any kind of time limit on reversing the spell. But the conversation you had with Jack the other night, combined with the way you spoke with Sam today? It can’t have been easy.”
Rowena had arrived a few days ago and then spent most of that time trying to decipher the spell that Jack put together. Dean had tried to insist that he was no good with spellwork and he shouldn’t be involved with the research on this, but he was still stuck in the library with everyone else, nursing a beer and peering at the handwriting various Men of Letters left in the texts they had on transformation magics. Rowena’s pronouncement, however, was enough to get his attention.
“Like- open. You never talk about shit like this. It’s like pulling fucking teeth, Dean.” Dean could hear the smile in Sam’s voice as he kept talking. “I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but we’re kinda fucked up. I’ve tried to convince you a few times that repression and alcoholism aren’t effective coping strategies, but until now it’s seemed like you never listened.”
“It means, dear boy, that poor Dean has played the role of parent and sibling for most of both your lives. A parent is not supposed to burden those they care for with their own struggles with parenthood. Expressing this to you is a good thing- he’s letting himself be your brother now, Samuel, instead of keeping it trapped where he feels like your parent.”
And of course, Meg and Crowley outfit them for the wedding (and Don and Maggie Stark outfit Dean for the wedding night).
As Dean turned to the bed to pick up his shirt, he noticed Cas standing in the doorway. “Oh hey, did Charlie find you?”
“It just seems like a private conversation and you don’t like to feel vulnerable, Dean, I was trying-”
Dean leaned back a bit, catching Cas’ eye. “It’s something we could talk about. Right now wouldn’t be the best time for you to be a little kid all the time, Jack… But that’s because I don’t want to do to you what my dad did to me. Did I… did I ever tell you about my dad?”
Before Metatron had manipulated him into closing the gates of Heaven, he’d taken the ability to fly for granted. He’d always been able to fly, surely he’d always have been able to fly; it had felt like an inextricable part of his being an angel. Knowing now that it could be taken away from him made him feel jealous and greedy, eager not to lose another part of himself for no apparent reason.
“Now don’t you worry, dear, now that I know you have this kind of affection hidden under your prickly personality, I won’t let you get away with pretending otherwise.”
And Dean had kissed him while his skin had crawled, and he hated it, hated that such a beautiful thing was so tainted. Whenever he’d remember this kiss with Dean, it would be overlaid with the sensation of crawling skin. Whenever he’d remember this kiss with Dean, he’d wonder if the only reason Dean had kissed him, was because he’d looked like a woman in that moment.
As Charlie pulled into the local department store, Dean breathed a sigh of relief. As much as he appreciated Eileen having found something for him to wear to tide him over momentarily, and as much fun as he’d been having surreptitiously playing with the loose fabric of his dress, he was ready to put on something a bit closer to his usual clothing.
There had been, in fact, an individual dessert pie on the menu- peach bourbon pie- which Dean had devoured with delight. And then, suddenly, the dinner was done, coming to a close swiftly in spite of the way it had seemed to drag on when they first arrived.
Castiel rested one hand on the small of Dean’s back, and the other between Jack’s shoulder blades. Even though none of them were paying much heed to the rules of “personal space” Dean had been trying to instill into Cas from the beginning of their acquaintance, it felt right for the intimacy of the current moment.
With a gasp, Dean came to. Feeling his arms being held in place, he started thrashing. “Get the fuck off me you fucking asshole how dare you talk about Cas like that he’s more of a man than you’ll ever be I’ve killed worse things than you!”
“I’m somehow able to fly again. I have my wings back. I’m uncertain how this is the case, but I was able to fly myself and Dean here almost without thought. I haven’t been able to do that in years.” Cas’ voice was steady, but warmth and delight threaded through it. Dean had gotten used to the way that Cas subtly expressed his emotions, so a steady voice could be the equivalent of shouting for joy.
Dean swallowed. “Yeah.” His voice was rough, low and husky, and pulled him out of his reverie. Cas was just the same as always, no matter what he looked like, and having him standing this close while was this naked tested his self control, but he knew better than to think anything could come of it. “Um. Yeah, that seems worth trying.” He shrugged off the robe, and Cas stepped into his space, wrapping the garment around him with clinical precision before tying it off with a bow under his breasts. Looking down at it, he grinned to himself- he might be the most petite person in the bunker right now, but he sure did have an impressive rack.
“Jack.” Cas rested his hands on Jack’s shoulders to hold his attention. “This is something that Dean and Sam have honestly needed to talk about for years, and they have not talked about it before, not like this. You should
“Yes. Let’s try and figure out how I want to express myself with clothing for the next few weeks, and maybe we can come back after we’ve broken the spell and get something a little more permanent?”
“Yeah! I couldn’t say it to you, not with words, not to your face, but I was screaming for you to hear me, man.”
Jack squeezed his bear tighter, inadvertently activating the speaker, which said, “I love you, Jack” in Kelly’s voice. Dean startled at this, which broke the tension, and they all laughed for a moment.
“Yes, yes, I’m well aware,” she responded loftily, before grinning. “Come on, looks like that might be the last thing we need to grab before we check out and head home.”
Dean chuckled briefly, opening the door to his room and rummaging through his clothes. “Yeah, they are- let’s get you started on the Hobbit first before setting you up with Fellowship, though, I always thought it made for a better read.” He moved his selected pile of clothes to the bed, and then rummaged through his bookshelf. “Here- the Hobbit.”
eyes. “Dean! Dean I’m so sorry, I-I didn’t mean to do this, I don’t know what happened, I’m so sorry!”
“It was… I was… I…” Jack’s voice was uncertain. Dean looked at his son’s face, and where he was nervously tugging at the hair hanging down one side of his face. “It wasn’t supposed to get anybody but me…” He stood up to walk over to Jack, kneeling in front of the chair he was sitting in.
“That might not be a bad idea- I remember that she was invaluable when we needed to decode the codex and the Book of the Damned so that we could remove the Mark of Cain. And now that we no longer need to chain Rowena to work with her, they are much more civil with one another.”
Sighing, he pulled out the dress Charlie had mentioned- at the time, she’d said that they’d lucked out finding clothes that matched so closely in color from unrelated brands- and pulled it on. He was still struggling with the zipper when Cas knocked on the door behind him, and he yelled out a strangled “c’mon in, Cas, and help me out with this!”
