Steve watched as Tony moved accordingly. At some point, he got knocked down and Natasha took the opportunity to teach him how he could escape a chokehold. At first, Steve sat on the edge of his seat as he anticipated the worst, but Tony's eyes were filled with determination and brilliance. He followed through the redhead's words and was able to escape as well as land a punch on her.
Natasha tried as best as she could to say the things she often heard Pepper say to the engineer behind closed doors during her time as Natalie. Although Tony never panicked around her (
“But I wouldn’t,” Steve whispered. “This... bigness, this strength, this height, this heart of mine, it all exists to protect you. I promise.”
“You will miss them. Always. That feeling will never truly leave you alone. You might as well let yourself feel it now,” Tony said. “Grieve. Blame Odin all you want. Feel however way you want and let yourself feel it for however long you need to.” He reached his arm out to land a firm hand on Thor’s shoulder. “But please, for the love of whatever you believe in, don’t let yourself go through this shit alone. Please. If you aren’t ready to tell the team of this, I can always keep a secret. And you know where to find me, and if you don’t, just ask JARVIS.”
They gathered around for dinner just in time for Thor’s arrival, and fell into lighthearted banter before Natasha’s phone rang. The team fell into a heavy silence when her eyes narrowed and widened. Tony’s guts twisted as he anticipated the worst. “Romanov? Everything alright?” She didn’t answer. Instead, she hung up and immediately ran off to the living room where she opened the TV, the team following closely behind.
When he walked into the tower, everyone was doing the usual. Natasha was in her arcade, occasionally letting out Russian curses every time she almost lost, Clint was watching a movie from where he was perched up in a vent, Bruce was showing Thor how to write an email, and Rhodey was going through paper work in the dining room.
He looks around as his vision clears out. He sees the Avengers in front of him smile softly. Steve and Bruce’s faces are stained with tears. He sees Rhodey by his side. No smiles and no stains. Raw, fresh tears are pouring out of his eyes and a deep frown is etched all over him, and Déjà vu looms over him as he recalls this exact position they had when he was fifteen. “I’m so fucking glad you’re back,” he hiccups, and Tony’s heart aches.
Sat on antique satin embroidered with patterns of gold, he felt no comfort. The chunks of rubies decorating the coffee table before him held no beauty, just an angry shade of crimson red.
The Avengers slept on the roof for the night. Tony laid perfectly still until he made sure each one of them was fast asleep, and tiptoed his way back inside the mansion, into his room to get the box of tapes, and down again to the living room where the tape player and fire place were.
No wonder why Obadiah would shove drink after drink right in front of a twenty-one-year-old Tony to sign various documents. And as he grew older, the cups got fuller, the alcohol tasted stronger, the world became hazier, the signatures grew sloppier, more rubies scattered around as they melted and stained his hands.
—it feels. He tilts his head back to give Tony much more access of his skin and feels a smile against his neck before the brunet starts planting wet kisses. Steve tried so hard to suppress his moans, but when Tony started biting gently at a sensitive spot, a soft moan escaped his lips, and Tony smiled. This was the first time that he has ever heard such a sound without it being accompanied by his screams and cries for things to stop, and his ears could hear it well instead of muffling the sound like it always did when he wasn’t sober.
Perhaps there was far more truth in that statement than he had let on to the man he befriended in that cave. Whatever
“Is that so?” Rhodey asked around a mouthful of doughnuts. “You’re not even giving yourself time to check in on your progress.”
The rest of the team were walking around the floor excitedly touching everything before JARVIS chimed in that they had more gifts by the tree to unwrap, and they bolted to the elevator to get to the communal area again.
He hadn’t meant to ask it out loud, but he wasn’t surprised to hear the Captain, now sat next to him, reply with “I’m not sure what you’re talking about here, Tony.”
“I’m here, okay? Not going anywhere, I promise. Not as long as I got you,” Tony said, a soft smile decorating his lips. He stroked his thumb over a lone tear rolling off Steve’s baby blue eyes. Steve nuzzled his head against the man’s chest and breathed in his scent, a comfortable mixture of a detergent, a faint cologne, motor oil, and coffee. He has never breathed easier.
He and Steve both understood that his fear of human touch was rooted in its intimacy. It scared Tony to no end that he may never be as intimate as how he desired to be, especially with the feelings he developed for the soldier. “It’s not fair to you,” Tony cried. “It’ll never be fair to you.”
Tony laughed in delight as if Steve had told him an amusing story. Steve’s eyes widened slightly in horror of how comfortably detached and numb the brunet he was holding onto has become.
He wails with wild abandon. He wants to see Tony again. He wants to get out of this place. To hell with safety. He has never felt as safe as when he’s around the genius. He wants to tell him this. He wants to tell him so many things. He wants to tell him that he—
When the session was over, he felt drained like he always did. He really didn’t feel up to any interactions with anyone, especially not Pepper who had let him know the D.O.D. have approved of the Stark Expo, to which he kept arguing back and forth with her to cancel. “I’m not on my cycle, Pepper!” he yelled. “Abort mission!”
“Tony,” Steve whispered softly, already dreading the answer of the question he was yet to ask. “Why me? Why for me?”
"We wanna make this right. We wanna be given a chance to take care of you and be there for you. We don't want you just accept whatever you think you deserve," Steve said as soon as they took a seat around Tony’s bed. They had come back from a mission, but before they had walked in, they agreed on doing this.
When Steve walks in, he looks just as lost as a deer in the woods. It conflicts his mind to see Captain America so full of emotion and so human. Nothing like the poster hung above his bed. Nothing like the description Howard had given him. Yet, he can’t help but fear the Captain sometimes. And right now, he’s petrified.
Soon, they had to leave. Tony kissed his Aunt’s forehead and wrinkled hands with the promise of coming back again, and Steve did the same.
Too late. He was shaking violently as he hugged his knees to his chest. He was rocking back and forth, with his head hitting the hard, white wall behind him. He hated these walls. They saw and heard too much, and he had the urgent desire to paint over them. The scream in his mind was in the forefront, begging him to hit his head harder against the wall. And he thought maybe this way, the flashbacks would be put on pause like some video on the internet, like the many celebrity gossip shows his name has been dragged to filth by, like the ticking bomb in a missile, like his heart, his mind, his memories and thoughts. But they didn't. They never knew a pause. He wished they all did.
It was luxurious and immaculate, yet Steve grew to hate every inch and every corner of this place. He wanted to burn it down, and he wanted to ask Tony why he didn’t tell them. Why hadn’t he told Steve that Howard was not the man he thought he was? Why had he not spared the both of them the awkward conversations about the man? It’s not like—
“You really are not gonna let that go, huh?” he muttered as he rubbed at his eyes. “Tomorrow. I’m too tired today. But holy shit you’re good at it.”
“I was so worried over you. God, Tony, don’t do this ever again. No matter how much things get hard. Just... don’t,” she cried as she held onto his hand. He wanted to pull his dirty, dirty hand out of hers, but she kept a strong grip. “You know I'd leave everything and go straight to you whenever you need me. Just one call. One text. Anything. And I'll be there.”
“We were based in Gulmira. We were all about business. None of that bombing cities and what not. Shit got out of hand and business itself got out of hand. So we resided in America because, if you think about it, this country’s just one big weapon manufacturing company. Not to mention how your dad was so nice to us. Soon, our business was back on track. Our men back in Gulmira got the business back on track there as well. We were living the American dream! Or shall I say the Stark dream?” The man laughed in delight at his own joke.
“No. I don’t think that’s the price it takes to prove strength or whatever. That’s just what people who have never went through shit say to traumatized people just to spare themselves the trouble of comforting them. But let’s agree that what you went through doesn’t automatically make you weak. And we don’t think you’re weak.”
“Stop, JARVIS. Please,” Tony whispered as he sobbed. “Just... just do everything we’ve agreed on. Send the contracts to Pepper... and... just... do everything we’ve agreed on.”
“Fuck it,” he muttered and entered the yellow hued room. The man was tied to a chair in the exact middle of the room dressed in all black.
He opened the box slowly. A voice in his head urged him to burn the entire box right away instead of watching any of it. He didn't know what to expect out of any of them, and he hoped they were nothing more but boring documentaries of Howard's experiments.
“You’re good,” he repeated before pushing the king piece of Steve’s out of its square. “Just not as good as me. Checkmate.”
“Hey, Stark? Why don’t you be a nice rich boy and give us a couple of dollars to get food. We’ve been camping out here waiting for you to make your way to the tower. We’re kinda hungry.” A few agreements erupted from the crowd, and he could hear the Avengers curse under their breaths for this to be over. Luckily, the green light signal was only a few seconds away from going off.
He feels a sense of privilege and honor to be granted such easy access to the genius’ lab and holds that honor deeply to his heart. He enjoys spending time with Tony and learning new things about him every day. When Tony is nervous, he taps against his arc reactor and his eyes widen ever so slightly in thought. When Tony is sad, his smiles don’t reach his eyes, but he still throws them around anyway, and his breaths are drawn out for longer. When Tony is scared, his hands shake slightly and his lips tremble. When Tony is happy or content, his behavior becomes naturally childish and carefree, and he grows excited over the littlest of things. When Tony drinks a cup of coffee, his pinky stays held out, courtesy of Jarvis and Peggy’s British influence on him, Steve supposed. When Tony works and tinkers about, he mumbles things under his breath and speaks of his math out loud.
“Good god, am I seeing this right? Tony Stark?! The Great Tony Stark graces us with his presence?!” Fury said with much heavy sarcasm. “I can’t believe my one eye!”
“Tony, we injected you with one already. Taking a painkiller now wouldn’t be good for you,” Steve said fondly as he handed him water instead.
Thor’s smile faltered, and his hands dropped to his sides. Tony watched as the giant man walked to the window and touched at its glass to operate it. His hand zoomed through realm upon realm, until he stopped at one that appeared to be in a state of winter. The god stood there staring at the various three-dimensional images revealed of the realm, which Tony learned is called Jutonheim. Although Tony has placed various comforting and big enough couches for the god, he sat on the floor with his legs crossed and continued staring into the icy land.
"Shut up. Please, Captain. Just shut up. You're what? Sorry? So am I. Because I'm not enough. Never have, never will be. I'm a murderer. 'Merchant of Death', remember? And you're all so good and too pure and I'm tainted. Blood on my hands, blood on my face, blood on my body. I'm too dirty. Fucking filthy. Simple men, simple fucking men, and I couldn't stand up to them. My father, the men of Afghanistan, Obadiah, the countless men and women I was too drunk to push off me. I'm no hero. I'm no 'Defender of the Earth' or whatever it is those people from that other realm call me. I'm weak. And tired. And filthy. And I will forever be those things. I don't want you to fucking look at me like I'm a tragedy. Or treat me like I'm made of glass. I want things to go back to normal. I want to be locked away in my lab and not come out unless the world's falling apart. Or unless you guys need someone to release all your stress on, so you call me up for a debriefing and rain all your insults and all the pent-up anger on me. Things were better that way."
Natasha’s eyes were glistening in sadness, but her face was painted in anger, which mirrored Bruce’s own face. Clint was silently crying and looked away as Tony now wailed and screamed in pain.
And I'm sorry. I’m so fucking sorry. You deserved to hear these words much sooner. But I've been a fool. I've been waiting on the right time. I was being selfish. Thinking about what I need to say and how to say it and how it would make me feel. Always assumed you wouldn’t need these words. But somehow I've always been vocal and quick to condemn whatever action that came out of you that I simply didn’t understand. I knew it was wrong to compare you to him. I knew it was doing nobody no good to say those things and to ask you to be more of whatever the fuck he has convinced me he was, but I still did it. You didn’t deserve that. You deserved much better. I’m sorry. But please know this. Know that I need you so fucking much. You, Tony. Because... because I—”
“You don’t even wanna get fucking near me! Is it because you finally see how disgusting I am? Is that fucking it, Captain? Fucking tell me!” he shouts and lands his fists over the blonde’s chest. Steve’s mind registers that Tony is punching him, but it doesn’t really physically hurt much, and he continues to watch the man in front of him get angrier and angrier by the minute. It’s colder than the sea and more haunting than the horrifying sea creatures he has lived among before he fell into a deep slumber. Steve shudders under the punches, but tries to contain the brunet.
Tony cupped Steve’s face with both hands as he lunged in with passion and need—a kiss. Steve’s mouth moved along, following wherever Tony went. He felt Tony’s figure straddle his lap, and he couldn’t help the surge of pride he felt at the initiation of such a bold move. He didn’t let his hands dare roam through the man’s body, and Tony took note of that and wanted to thank the blonde man for being so patient, so caring, so kind, so perfect.
"You... you were the only one who treated me normally. You weren't constantly on edge on whether I'd hulk out or not. You just let me do my thing and took me for who I am," Bruce paused to smile with gratitude at Tony and his eyes glistened over with hot tears. "I don't think I'll ever recover from hearing your heart stop on me. God, I was terrified. Even the Hulk was terrified and crying in my head. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry I didn't pay attention. And I'm so sorry for every harsh word that came out of me in moments of anger." The Hulk's voice laced with Banner's and he said "Sorry, Tin Man. We protect you now. Hulk promise." Tony let out a sweet, watery giggle and nodded his acknowledgment.
“I tell you what,” his therapist said upon raising the topic. “Why don’t you allow yourself a day to act as childish and as spontaneous as you want?”
They watched helplessly as Tony continued screaming until his voice grew hoarse. Even then, he didn’t really stop. He only stopped when purple veins started forming patterns along his neck, and his arc reactor dimmed ever so slightly. He clawed at his chest as he coughed and wheezed. Pain surged through his chest and he felt the shrapnels tear at his flesh.
The Avengers watched as a burnt metal chip popped out of the arc reactor, and their eyes widened in alarm. “That thing’s the reason why your blood’s poisoned?” Bruce asked as he inspected the burnt chip.
Steve watched on amusedly before Tony hopped off the counter to sign papers Pepper has practically pinched his ear to sign, and when he did so with a stomp of his feet, she smiled and kissed his cheek with a loud “Mwah!” to which Tony groaned loudly at as she left. He walked over to the blonde in the red hoodie. “Come with me.”
He doesn’t let his mind wander around that thought or delve into these memories again. Especially not when Natasha takes a seat next to him and talks to him in a low voice while everybody else prepares food and coffee.
“Coffee, then I'm dragging you with me here until I beat your ass in a competitive round,” Tony said as he put his once discarded shirt on over his tank top and followed his team out of the lab.
Thor stared at the Midgardian before him and held onto his hand. He let the tears he had profusely wiped away roll freely down his cheeks. The words Tony have rained down on him served him greatly, and Tony smiled fondly at the god.
Therapy exhausts Tony beyond what he thought was possible. It felt like a deep cleanse to his soul, which he realized should feel good, but that was the most exhausting part of it all to him. He did enjoy talking to his therapist and he did actually listen to her eloquent British accent ease his anxiety and rain her wisdom and advice on him. He found it easy to open up to her and respond, and he didn’t know if it was because he was genuinely invested in getting better, or if it was her consistent wear of red lipstick that went well with her short, brown hair and eyes.
“Uh, o-okay,” he replied awkwardly and got up. He wanted to make a run for his floor where he could work himself into oblivion and avoid nightmare-full sleep. The team suggested he stays with them for a little longer, but he insisted on going to his lab and they didn’t pressure him any further.
Obadiah didn’t even stop after Tony came back from Afghanistan. Instead, he would lay Tony down and be careful not to touch his tender chest so much, but he wouldn’t stop when Tony complained his chest hurt, nevertheless.
—and sees baby blue eyes wear a gloss that tugs at his heart and diminishes his lung capacity by a percentage much higher than it actually is.
Because that’s how Tony is. He finds out about the tiniest details and pays them much attention and effort. Steve has always noticed such quality in the brunet, but he always tied it to his knowledge of mechanics. Surely someone who notices how the smallest of screwdrivers could jeopardize the function of a machine, then he would easily notice the faults of anything outside of the field as well. Right?
"Who said anything about babysitting you? I'm here because the coffee's better. Right, Dum-E?" The addressed bot beeped as it raised its arm up and down, mimicking a nod.
“You seem like quite the fan, huh?” Tony said as he regained a sense of that causality and snark of his. “I’d offer an autograph except for the fact that you’ve got my weapons for one. Mind telling me how you got those?”
So Steve holds those shaking hands in his and lands a gentle kiss on the palm of the brunet's right hand where a long, white scar is. “I won’t leave,” he whispers the promise as he stares into eyes the color of sweet chocolate clad in heavy tears. “You’ll always find me. Always.”
It takes him fifteen more visits to Aunt Peggy for him to hold her wrinkled, lithe hands before correcting her. “I’m not Howard, Auntie. I’m Anthony. Tony. Your Tony. Remember me?”
Now is his only chance. Now might be the only time he will ever get to say the right thing. He wanted to wipe the smile off Tony’s face, for it was never genuine. He might as well draw it on his armor’s faceplate.
"Man, I always knew you were cool. I mean, come on! You're Tony Stark. America's heartthrob. And I don't know. I guess I let my perception of you become something more until it became all I knew you as. I guess I just sorta followed with whatever the media spoke of you, and for that, I'm truly sorry. I really, really am." Tony gulped and nodded.
But Tony stayed in that position just staring into Steve’s eyes, his fond smile not wavering. He cupped the blonde’s cheek with one hand, and Steve couldn’t help but part his lips to breathe a little steadier. Tony’s mind was buzzing in content, and for a moment there, all that he could think of was how kind and blue Steve’s eyes are. His eyes shifted to the rest of the soldier’s face. His lips were parted as he breathed steadily, and Tony couldn’t help but take notice of how plump and pink they look. With one more glance to Steve’s eyes, where he saw nothing but blue and kindness, he tilted his head and moved closer and closer.
Steve nodded and did as he was told. After a few minutes, Tony opened the door and let Steve in again. He wore an oversized blue hoodie and black sweatpants, his hair messy as a couple of strands fell on his face, and Steve couldn’t help but swoon. “You’re so adorable.”
Steve nodded frantically at that, and Tony moved to cradle the soldier’s head against his chest. His chin rested against the soft, blonde locks as his fingers ran through them in a comforting manner. Steve was still trembling and sobbing against the man’s chest, but his blurry eyes were transfixed on the round metal glowing through Tony’s dark shirt. He didn’t even register his trembling hand resting against it, but god did it ease his mind to feel the beat of Tony’s heart against his palm.
Although things seemed to be in his favor for once, his panic attacks somehow got worse, because now new ideas started scaring him. He thought he would be able to stomach it down, but quickly discovered that he couldn’t. Not when the image of Chitauries were flying around the dead bodies of the Avengers and Steve’s struggling voice told him
Now, there’s a radiant smile on his lips, a light breeze running its fingers through his hair, blooming flowers, and a gorgeous man resting his head upon his lap. The warmth that engulfed him felt liberating—no constriction upon his lungs, heavy weight on his heart, or coldness. Just warmth. Just love.
Tony tugged on his hoodie to follow him to his room, and as soon as they were inside, the genius locked the door. Steve wasn’t sure what to make out of any of this, but he figured the wisest thing to do was to allow Tony the liberty of doing whatever he wanted. He stayed stood where Tony had guided him to, and waited until the genius spoke.
It’s a sentence he has heard before, and it hurts to be slapped by it again. For months, it had been the anchor his ship was saved by, but now it has become the anchor that weighs his ship down, and he’s on the brink of drowning.
He shut his book. "Sleep well, Tony," he whispered as he folded his arms over the table to rest his head upon. He took one last look at Tony before he shut his own eyes. "So we beat on," Steve whispered. "So we beat on..."
Tony stirred in his arms, and Steve adjusted his body accordingly so that the brunet is still comfortable. He had debated carrying him to his bedroom, but then that would mean leaving Tony alone, and he genuinely didn’t believe it was a good idea to leave the man alone the next morning after he had cried himself to sleep. It also didn’t appear to him that it would be a good idea to stay with him in the bedroom after knowing everything that he now knows, so he resorted to serving as a pillow on the cold floors of the lab.
“She might forget whatever conversation you’d have and cry over seeing you again even though you were right in front of her for some time. Go with the flow and don’t confuse her,” Tony said as Steve drove. “She might start recalling events differently and might start to think she’s somewhere else. Sometimes she gets scared. If that happens, just hold her hand and keep talking to her about something else. She’ll soon forget why she had been so scared in the first place.”
“I’m not him. I’m not the Steve Rogers he has told you about. I’m not, Tony. I’ll never be,” he whispered as his eyes wore a heavy sheen on them. Tony got up again and continued to look fondly at those baby blue eyes. His right hand went to cup the soldier’s soft cheek again, and when a single tear rolled over the soft skin, Tony’s thumb rubbed it away.
“No. You guys stay here. Especially you, Cap. He wants me in the tower for the night because they found a couple of bugs and JARVIS isn’t being cooperative.”
"Okay, that was excellent. Impressive, even," Natasha said with a bright smile. Warmth surged through Tony’s heart at the praise. "Now let's move onto the good stuff."
“It’s a foreign object. Your body’s still not used to it and trying to reject it,” Bruce says more to himself in realization.
They played multiple rounds, and at some point, Thor joined in on the team against Tony. Tony won all rounds easily, and Steve watched as the four opposing members would frustratingly shout “How?!” and “Ugh! Another round!” Tony would just tease them with eye rolls and constant reminders of him being a genius and better than everyone else.
“Lithium dioxide,” Bruce says. “It’s a temporary fix. We still haven’t figured out how to properly cure you. No one understands the arc reactor better than you, which is why you need to fix this.”
Bruce and the Hulk for once agreed on something: that Tony is someone they had failed to protect. And from who? From themselves. It hurts him like no other. After all, this was the same man who had fought nails and teeth to keep him safe from falling into the hands of the government and a deep depression. He shakes his head at himself as he hears the Hulk say “Stupid people! We make Tin Man sad!”
Steve, Bruce, and Thor watched with much amusement as Natasha and Clint played against Tony. They all sat in the dining table with Tony being at the head of it. They had nothing better to do, and Tony suggested they play board games that he went to pick up from his old room. They didn't comment when the genius came out almost one hour later shaking and tapping against the arc reactor nervously.
They did by his orders and watched as a thin beam of laser shot out of a machine. Tony kept stirring a wheel around for the laser beam to finally meet a brick of metal set up in the middle of the ring. It glowed brighter and brighter, and JARVIS counted down the time it would take for the laser beam to shut down from there.
They took the elevator and JARVIS moved up to floor #32, which was Natasha’s. As soon as they have stepped foot into the spacious floor, purple-blue-pink lights decorated the place, and they realized the floor was designed as an arcade.
Tony resisted the urge to call bullshit on that, so he sat next to the Captain and sighed heavily. He saw Steve’s arms get covered in goose bumps and how his body was shuddering. It was a cold night, and Tony remembers the many feedbacks JARVIS supplied of how Steve’s panic attacks and mood swings seemed to increase whenever the temperature decreased.
“You don’t have to. I’m fine, okay? I know what I’m doing. And I'm doing fine,” he smiled, and Steve resisted the urge to deepen his frown.
“Tony,” Natasha’s voice was stern enough to gain the drunk man’s attention, but soft enough to not scare him off. “What drugs are you on?” Tony giggled in response.
It takes him weeks after that to sit between Thor and Steve during movie nights without feeling a tinge of fear or panic. If anything, he snuggled against them and even gave in to sleep when his eyes started drooping.
“He... apologized...” Rhodey repeated the sentence when it came out of Steve’s mouth. He doesn’t want to tell the blonde man that he’s seen this before, but he has. The only difference now is that he’s here this time around instead of receiving the call from Jarvis that his best friend is in the hospital due to an overdose of sleeping pills and an alcohol poisoning, and yet he still doesn’t know what to do.
Tony looked up at the soldier as though he were a shooting star that held all his wishes and dreams, and a small smile graced his lips. “Touch me,” he whispered.
Tony’s eyes widened slightly. He couldn’t quite process that he’s not thought of as anything but what his mind has convinced him he is. But that’s the thing: no one told him such things. Sure, Natasha’s words didn’t magically heal him, but they did make him feel better. He doesn’t necessarily know it or is half convinced of it, but to hear it be told that he is thought of as someone more than his traumatizing experiences was relieving.
“Would you wanna celebrate Christmas with us this year?” Clint said with a hopeful tone. Tony gulped and put on a paparazzi smile. “Nah, but if you wanna throw a party or something, just let JARVIS know and I’ll handle all expenses.”
“That’s a first,” Rhodey muttered under his breath, but they all heard him just fine. He walked to the smart pad by the lab’s door and punched in a code that granted him easy access, but before he walked in, Steve landed a firm hand on the Colonel’s shoulder. “Please let him know I need to talk to him.”
“Don’t—hmmph. Don’t leeaaaave,” Tony whined and held tightly on to Steve’s blue shirt. “T’scared here.”
“FIGHT BACK! I’M NOT FUCKING WEAK! I’M A FUCKING MURDERER! MERCHANT OF FUCKING DEATH! WHY AREN’T YOU FIGHTING ME?”
“Tony,” Thor starts. “We possess a responsibility, and we will put it to use.” the god throws a tree over his shoulders casually. “Now, where shall we plant these?”
“Over my dead body,” Tony said as he striked with a move of his own, and a chess piece of Steve’s was moved out of the chess board.
Tony didn’t react much. He just blinked owlishly at the man as he spoke, and Fury sighed when he saw just how numb the genius looked.
“I think I’m happy with my position,” he said, which was nothing short of the truth. Sure, it had stung a bit to be TONY STARK: NOT RECOMMENDED, but now that the words lack the NOT, it didn’t feel as extraordinary as he thought it would.
“That’s... that’s a brilliant joke, not gonna lie, but of course I wouldn’t have left off without securing everything. I left Rhodey too many suits with much better upgrades and everything that even Iron Man lacked.”
"Steve! I just punched the Black Widow!" Tony beamed, to which Steve laughed and shook his head. Natasha got up and stuck her tongue out at the genius, who scrunched his face and stuck his tongue back at her, only for her to kick him down again.
“You little shit! I’m donating you, I swear to god,” he muttered in his haste to wherever Steve is, which was in the bathroom of his floor.
"I can't wait for you guys to know him," Rhodey said with a fond smile as he leaned his arms on Tony's bed to rest his head by the sleeping man's legs. "You're gonna love him."
Steve's hands reached to cup Tony's face, lifting his head off the tube. Tony leaned into the touch and nuzzled his head against the Captain's large palm, a ghost of a smile on his lips as he sighed in content. Steve didn't dare move his hand away and adjusted his seat so that it would be close enough to the bed without his arm awkwardly left hanging, his other arm folded over the bed for Steve to rest his head against.
“They also… smell different. In the Red Room, all our clothes had to smell of perfume or cologne. Yeah, it smelled good, but I hate it. Makes me sick. I honestly roamed around your closet in search for the keys you told me to get you that one time, and being the Russian bastard that I am, had to steal something.”
The first thing they learned to do is to crouch down to Tony’s level of height as to not scare him off further. Then, they had a silent argument of who should be the one to speak. Steve rushed for a pencil and a piece of paper on the coffee table, and in a haste, wrote Natasha a note.
“Yeah, it’s adorable. That was adorable,” Bruce said with a smile. Natasha nodded in agreement and asked, “Are there more tapes like that?”
“The Hulk’s been feeling anxious and paranoid around here. You should’ve seen him when you weren’t around for a day. He just... got really paranoid about you not being around in this new place to him...” Clint said, to which Steve made a mental note to thank him for later.
The euphemism doesn’t make it any easier on Pepper to take the state of her friend and long-term boss, and she chokes on her cries before she asks, “Why?”
“It’s only the first session, so not much was accomplished, but he was pretty responsive. I deem that a win,” the British woman said. She tucked a loose hair strand behind her ear and Steve would’ve face palmed right then and there if it weren’t for her presence.
Reminder that this is a dark fic. If you thought the first chapter was heavy, boy oh boy are you in it for a ride. It gets a lot heavier from there... Please heed the tags and warnings and stay safe!
Without a second thought, Steve got up to grab the last tape from the box. FOR HOWARD. Steve looked at the name with something he thought he would never associate to anyone from his past other than the Nazis he had fought. Despite his team’s protests and them telling him “Enough! We don’t wanna see anymore!” He knew he had to see all of it. He had to understand all of it.
Steve couldn't keep his eyes off Tony no matter how hard he tried. Mostly because he feared that the brunet would end up injured under Natasha's hands, but as they started their sparring session, it seemed that she was giving more a tutorial, so Steve leaned back on the couch by the boxing ring and watched on.
Rhodey finds him tinkering about in a corner, but as soon as Tony lands eyes on his best friend, he makes a run towards the man and hugs him tightly. Rhodey loves those hugs because they give the shorter man in his arms comfort and stability. Tony has always sought refuge in them ever since the first time he has experienced their warmth.
, shaves and trims around his goatee with much precision and care, trims his hair to perfection, and picks out the most expensive and flattering suit he owns, as well as the MIT hoodie and sweatpants he would have to change into for his meeting in the afternoon, drenches his suit and senses in strong cologne, and covers his under-eye circles with high end makeup.
He tried. He could’ve sworn he tried to push every single muscle into reaching out for the glass of clean, cold water, but his system hung. It’s like his body refused to believe he was safe, forever distrusting his senses. It’s one thing to question your mind, but to question his eyes and ears was when he knew he was not as stable as he thought he was.
The genius’ eyebrows raise in amusement before he lets out a breathless laugh. Is that what it takes to be someone worth worrying over? Someone worth looking out for? Someone to talk to in a friendly manner and smile in the face of?
The last room Tony walked into was the study room, and the team anticipated hearing glass break and shatter, seeing torn furniture and wallpapers, and seeing the perfectly stacked books fly out of place. But they learned Tony Stark is spontaneous and unexpected in every mood, for the genius opened the door to the room just to stand there heaving with exhaustion. He took one, two, three steps in, and fell to his knees as he screamed. He screamed, and screamed, and screamed—loud, maddening, deafening. Thor had to hold Bruce in his arms with whispers of the sun going low to keep him from hulking out, but it wasn’t the Hulk’s voice that cried out “Tony’s hurt. He’s so hurt.”
Tony who deserved patience and reassurance, and Steve who swore every night that he would give him just that.
“OOOOO! He does not disappoint!” Natasha exclaimed. “Please Steve put us out of our misery and win over this genius bastard. We are begging you.”
The heartbeat Steve felt under his palm was as faint as the glowing blue, but it was enough to carry the unconscious man in his arms and shout for succor louder than the Howling Commandos ever did.
He watched Steve fall asleep in his arms. A sigh of content escaped his lips as he ran his fingers through the blonde hair. He could hear Natasha and Clint blast metal music from a few floors away, could hear Rhodey and Bruce yell at Thor from the rooftops as the god summoned bolts of thunder and lightning, and could hear Steve occasionally mumble “I love you, Tony” in his sleep.
Steve could feel his stomach rolling uncomfortably at Howard’s words. Is that what he always told Tony? That Captain America would be ashamed of him? If so, no wonder why Tony’s manners upon meeting the Captain for the first time held nothing but resentment.
“So you get tired and decide to diagnose the Avengers with iron deficiency?” Fury was still stern and heated, but Tony’s lips quirked up in amusement.
Tony winced as he could hear the ghost of his own strings of objections and refusals, and the strings of gaslighting phrases that he didn’t even know how to identify as such until just a few months ago when the man tried to kill him. His eyes feel hot and warm and he’s repeatedly calling himself an idiot for taking that long to figure it out and understand. He chokes on a sob as he remembers how desperate he was every time. How he begged for it. How Obadiah always gave him the illusion of choice and consent.
“It is a cold night out here,” Steve let out a shaky sigh. “Not as cold as it used to be back then. I mean, it’s October. Back then, October used to be freezing cold.”
Tony fiddled with the king piece he had in his hand and held tightly on to it. “Obadiah,” he tried to say casually, but the crack to his voice gave him away.
“Steve, the legend, the American icon, and symbol of honor and nobility. Will he be the first to win against the genius, the billionaire, the philanthropist, the one and only Iron Man?” Clint continued.
It was right then and there that Steve realized that nothing in the world was as pleasuring as loving Tony and becoming his tesoro.
“Okay, so, I was at my therapist’s office before I came here. And she suggested I start working on something I've honestly been too embarrassed to ask of you in front of the team,” he paused to look into Steve’s baby blue eyes. “Alright. Here goes nothing. Uh, can I touch you?”
“I’m okay,” Steve said, his tone soft and fond for the man before him, yet accompanied by a biting finality to it reserved for himself. “I’m okay.”
“Did you mean Virtual Basketball Lord? Yeah, it’s me,” Natasha smiled softly as the engineer let out a watery chuckle. He unfolded himself from his tense hold and looked around awkwardly at the three men sat before him.
“Penny for your thoughts?” Steve said as he beamed at the genius, who suddenly found it incredibly hard to maintain his glare.
“Don’t think I forgot,” Natasha nudges his shoulder from her seat as she glares at him. “I still demand to be called the Virtual Basketball Lord.”
. It was always different and yet the same, but Steve didn’t mind. All he had ever hoped for was to see Tony heal not for anybody’s sake but his own.
, and his eyes softened in sadness at the sentence he has heard being screamed amidst ruins of a luxurious mansion.
Steve blushed and nodded shyly as he got up. “Nah-uh, don’t disrespect my cake like that. Take the plate with you!”
The last time he had been drunk was when he had to reside in the mansion. It seems so far behind him now, and he smiles widely and celebrates along with her.
“Steve, I think—” Natasha started before Tony pulled out of Steve’s chest. His head rested against the strong arm behind it that was cradling him, and a dopey smile came across his face as he looked up at the Captain. Steve’s heart clenched at the sight. His eyes were glossy, his lips were red and trembling slightly, and a drunken blush decorated his cheeks and nose.
anyway, my baby is finished :') it was truly a joy to write this fic and i'm so so glad and honored that it has been read by anyone at all! THANK YOU! i have greatly appreciated all the kudos, comments, and overall immense support of this fic, and i hope how i ended things isn't a let down to most readers.
His mind pushed every sound that wasn’t that contented buzz out of his skull to diffuse into thin air. He saw how perfectly still the soldier had stayed. How he did not chase after Tony’s actions to instigate his own, and his chest breathed easier at the realization that Steve truly meant every word he had said. Steve would never hurt him. He promised.
Still, they kept pushing, displaying images and videos of Gulmira. Children crying. Parents screaming with wild abandonment. People trying to shield themselves with bricks. STARK INDUSTRIES plastered on a missile before it explodes. Yinsen’s voice echoing through his skull,
“You’re scared,” he started, and although the look on Tony's face morphed into something that tugged uncomfortably at his heart, he knew he can’t stop now. “You’re petrified. Because you think it’s gonna happen again. You think he’s right. You think they were all right. Not because they actually were, but because they have instilled it into your brain. That you’re worthless. That you’re no good. And he told you that you will never amount to the noble and righteous Captain America. But he was wrong. He was not a man made of iron. He was rotten. But you? You are worth the whole damn bunch. Your worth can’t be amounted to. You’re significant. To hell with noble and righteous. To hell with Captain America. Iron Man is who the world needs. But if you ask of who I need? I need Tony Stark. The man who I've been too busy calling an egoistic bastard that I didn’t realize my very own ego was keeping me from saying these words much earlier.
“Was it not made known that the weapons would be shipped off to the terrorist organization? On what basis has Mr. Stark signed these contracts?”
“I was conditioned to love you, y’know? I was raised to love you. Aunt Peggy always spoke of Steve Rogers, not Captain America. She always spoke of you as someone separate from the Captain that you are. I looked up to you. I wanted nothing but to be like you. But I was never good enough to be someone like you. You were a high bar Howard set for me. And I continued looking up to you. I idolized you. I loved you. You saw the tapes. You saw my room. I was dying for you to be found. Literally and figuratively. Because everybody spoke of you as some sort of savior, which you are. So I always thought to myself, ‘Why isn’t he here? Why isn’t he saving me?’” Dum-E was close by, and Tony fiddled with its clasps when he spoke again. “You heard him. In the tapes. He told me you would be proud of me. He used to say stuff like that all the time whenever he got... violent. At some point, he used to always tell me you would kill me. I was eight years old when he told me that for the first time. I believed him.
Tony looked over the double glass of the room. He gulped and let out a shaky breath. He should be relieved that the man confessed to everything. Clearly, getting caught is the least of his concerns when he had already accomplished what he wanted. But he was keeping something from Tony, and the genius couldn’t quite figure it out, or perhaps he was afraid to.
The lab’s light dimmed to almost darkness, nothing keeping it lit but the glowing blue emitting from Tony’s chest. JARVIS shut everything down, but in a moment of hope, he left the doors open.
Tony blinked owlishly at her for a few seconds. “Thank you,” he whispered. He was relieved to know that there was someone—no,
***PLEASE READ: okay so we've only got one more chapter left before i end this book. BUT i've been thinking of giving this an extra chapter of an alternative ending. what do you guys think? should i go for it or should i just leave it as it is?
i hope you enjoyed reading!! please please pleaseeee leave a comment of your thoughts and feedback :)
A few days pass by. They don’t see the genius around, not even in the communal kitchen brewing gallons of coffee. Fury sets up meetings and draws great emphasis on Stark’s presence, but they all fall on deaf ears. They go to his lab. The glass doors are an opaque black, the override codes don’t work, and the vents to the lab are impossible to penetrate. Mjolnir and Hulk’s rage were not enough to even dent the doors, and they wondered if Tony was even in there.
“What —oh,” Tony faltered as he looked into Steve’s baby blue eyes. He wore those puppy eyes again and Tony was refusing to admit that he fell weak to those. Something about them was soft and human—nothing like the poster that was hung above his bed. “Nope. Nah-uh. No. Not falling for that. Not—oh my fucking god.”
“Tony?” a knock at his door startled him, and the arc reactor fell out of his hand and onto the floor. He dropped on his knees to retreat it, but his muscles felt weak and torn. “You okay, Tony?”
He shuts himself off in his lab. No one, not even Rhodey, could make it through. He sits for long hours staring into space. The bots keep him company, and JARVIS chimes in every now and then to let him know of what the media says about him.
“Technically, you’re as young as me. So what if you needed a little beauty sleep? It worked wonders, anyway.”
Steve has been a soldier in the war. He saw pain and shook hands with it, but this was something he simply couldn’t comprehend. This was pain and sorrow that’s been lived with since a young age until it became the norm to the man. Tony even had it in him to be snarky, to smile, to laugh.
Tony listened to them discuss the topic of returning home or trailing Tony's almost-husband for another moment before he placed his mug on the ground and rubbed his hands over his face. He was tired, emotionally exhausted and every bone in his body hurt from his escape. All he wanted was a quiet place where he was alone and could cry in peace while he tried to think about what he was supposed to do with his life now. Because the harsh truth was that he had nothing.
The betas and the two alphas were packing their bags and preparing the horses for their departure. The group had agreed to bring him to the next city and ironically enough it was their hometown Shield. Tony hoped that there was a train station, so he could get out of here as fast as possible.
Up until then the team had always only been around each other in formal clothes or their battle suits. But as time passed, they all grew more comfortable and their suits were exchanged for jeans and tees.
“What do you mean you can’t ride?” Clint wanted to know and raised an eyebrow at him. He had a bow and a quiver slung over his shoulder.
Slowly he threw the covers back and sat up, rubbing his eyes. Someone was rummaging around the kitchen. Tony heard the door of the fridge open and close and a soft whimpering. Peter must have woken up again.
“Yeah no problem. It's not that deep, it only looks really gruesome. He should be as good as new in about a week or so.” He shrugged and carefully bandaged the wound again.
That was, until Thor brought out the mead once again. And after they’d all eaten some of the stew that Clint and Natasha had improvised with their quarry, the whole atmosphere became a little less stifling. Tony even found himself cracking a smile from time to time at the good natured bickering. These people seemed to share a kind of camaraderie that Tony hadn't witnessed before.
Harley let herself fall back into the warm water and straight into his sister's arms with a dramatic pose. Tony chuckled and felt Steve do the same behind him. They were pressed together so closely that Tony could feel his voice reverberate through him when he spoke.
“Sorry about that. This thing comes out of my chest and I just glitch,” Tony tried to say casually, but it just came out nervous and shaky.
“And you still can’t afford me, remember?” Tony smirked. Fury smiled and nodded as he recalled those words. The director landed a firm hand on Tony’s shoulder. “Just as long as you get to live on to prove us all wrong, I’m one happy old man.”
“You think I'm fucking weak, don’t you? You think I'm unstable! You think if I don’t have someone babysitting me every hour of every day that I'll just kill my fucking self because poor me can’t deal with my fucking daddy issues, huh?”
“I don’t blame him. We rarely ever interacted with him when we moved in the tower. He’s not used to us being so friendly,” Bruce frowned at his realization. Steve felt his heart break under guilt’s hold of him.
“Wear that black jacket you wore a few days ago, please. Be ready in an hour. Now if you excuse me, I have a Russian spy to punch,” Tony said and started to walk back into the boxing ring.
Steve’s silence is suffocating to the both of them, but he’s taking his precious time understanding what to make out of this. There’s guilt behind those words, and something else that Steve can’t place his finger upon. But something about Tony apologizing for what his thoughts sound like doesn’t sit right with him, and it bothers him that he doesn’t know why. If there’s one thing, however, that he had made out of this, is that he’s given a reason.
"I feel dead inside," he spoke with carelessness that came out of his numb state of mind. "You guys don't care. You never did. You never will. I don't blame you. All my life, I grew up among machineries and computers. I'm no different than them. Even the Captain had said it."
“You are right. They weren’t. But they killed my brother, and I miss him terribly,” Thor’s voice cracked as he touched through the braided strand, and Tony realized that the black hair strand must be of Loki’s.
At some point, he orders SHIELD to send out quinjets full of plants and construction workers of a budget no less than millions upon millions of dollars to bring life back to the town. “And no fucking PR or any coverage from the media about this or I will fucking burn SHIELD down. Understood?”
“Yeah, yeah. But I got an important meeting right after. You heard the man. So I’m not gonna stay for long.”
WE THINK THE PLACE IS BUGGED. WE NEED TO MOVE TO A SAFER PLACE. I KNOW WHERE. THERE’S A CAR OUTSIDE WAITING FOR US. FOLLOW ME OUT AND ACT NORMAL.
Steve continued his ensuing routine of hanging around the genius in his lab. Often, Bruce would join in and they would talk about what the soldier calls science-stuff. On days where he would engage in failed therapy sessions, he would be much louder and much more talkative about matters that force a laugh out of the super soldier, and Steve would play along but always leave the note of “I’m here for whenever you wanna talk about it.”
“As I have said, these contracts have been issued and manipulated by the former CEO Obadiah Stane, not Mr. Stark,” Pepper explained through the phone. The TV reporter nodded in response through the screen. “As CEO, he held a lot of power in his hands. Really, all what was needed out of Mr. Stark was a mere signature, which Mr. Stark would not have signed if he knew the contracts were heavily manipulated.”
Tony scared the team. Not in the way that he screamed or tore through the mansion room by room, but in the way that he woke up the next day and moaned in pleasure when his cup of coffee came out exactly how he liked it. He scared them in the way that he called an angry Pepper and cooed at her with nicknames reserved only for her and the promise of getting her a platter of sushi from her favorite place if she takes on the upcoming gala instead of him. He scared them in the way that he fired back with snarky and sarcastic comments to everything Fury said over the phone. He scared them when he shook his head at Clint taking the driver’s seat. “Nah-uh, sweetheart. I’m driving.”
“And if y-you hadn’t known a-about H-Howard,” his bloodshot misty eyes locked with the Captain’s. “Y-You would’ve s-still w-wanted me to b-be him.”
“So is that what all the labeled tapes are? They’re video tapes from kidnappers sending their message to Howard?” Steve finally spoke.
Tony knew he was going to say it. It felt natural and right. This is what his life has been leading up to: this moment. His fears and triggers were still present, and they most probably always will be. However, in this very fine moment, nothing mattered but those baby blue eyes. His tongue ached with the need to say it, and his heart was picking up the pace of its beats as it anticipated it.
“Sir, wake up. It’s currently 7 AM, and Fury is demanding a meeting in two hours for you to entirely ignore,” JARVIS said, but Tony was too deep in sleep to react. He just groaned and nuzzled his head against the broad, warm, comfortable chest he laid his head upon. The fabric of Steve’s shirt was soft and smelled of clean cotton and—
He shot out of his seat. The only thought grounding him and keeping him sane in the moment is the meeting he had to be at in just a few minutes.
He didn't feel all that great either watching the news broadcast a mission the Avengers were on without him and see all the casualties and destruction that could've been avoided if someone could've flown. When they came back after said mission, they had complained about the missing figure in the sky factor indeed, but they also talked about how dead silent and boring the comms were, and Tony's heart couldn't help but warm at that despite how much he had rolled his eyes over the statement.
“You were my friend,” he heard Steve whisper miserably, and as he peeked his head, he saw Steve look at the picture with heavy hatred plastered on his face. “You were my fucking friend...”
They made it to the communal area to find Rhodey showing Steve things on a tablet, and Bruce reading a book in the kitchen. Natasha argued with Clint for a solid minute of refusing to be on his team. “He’s a damn genius! You think he needs any of our help? Sit your ass down next to me and be on my team!” Clint had said to which Natasha rolled her eyes and begrudgingly sat next to him. “I already know we’re gonna lose.”
“You guess it’s cool? You literally came up with a new element right in front of our eyes!” Steve said as he flailed his arms. “You really don’t give yourself as much credit as you should.”
“This is amazing. This... god, he’s got the Other Guy all excited in my head now,” Bruce chuckled as he went to hold the various shiny tools. The Hulk’s voice laced with his as he excitedly walked from one corner of the room to the other to see all the big tools designated for him. “Thank you, Tin Man! Hulk love you!”
He makes the mistake of peeking in the lounging area separated from the living room and he winces as his head assaults him with images of an angry British woman shouting at his sixteen year old self
And so, later that afternoon, Tony had taken Steve down to the garage to pick whatever car he would be driving on their way to the retirement home. He suggested that Steve wears something he used to wear back then around her to make it easier for her ill mind to recall him, and Steve had obliged to that and wore a white shirt and army green pants. Tony, however, had an important meeting after, and he couldn’t afford to change out of his suit, which he knew would only prompt her mind to take him as his father.
This was the fifth punching bag he had dislodged from its hanger. On any other day, he would’ve been satisfied, but today he’s desperate and angry. The team had noticed it, and Natasha had taken up sparring with the man until she got a call from SHIELD to do some paperwork. Then Thor came to the gym area, and after a few minutes of sparring, the god winced at the memories of Tony’s that still haunted his mind and admitted so to the Captain. Bruce and Clint called up on them to join them for dinner, but Steve told Thor that he wasn’t hungry and stayed behind to dislodge more punching bags. If he were in any other gym, the punching bags would’ve been knocked off in a few seconds, but Tony had designed these punching bags to take on more damage.
To hell with his desires and body’s biology. He still stood by his words of only truly caring about Tony’s happiness and sanity. True, somedays he feels his body heat up with the need of fulfilling sexual desires, but he would rather break every single bone of his body than let that come before Tony’s healing process. He has waited seventy years for the future. He’ll wait forever if he has to for the futurist himself.
Before Steve could say anything, they were told that they may enter her room. Tony stopped Steve by the doorframe. “More than one person in the room can be overwhelming to her,” he explained and decided to wait for Tony’s signal before entering. Steve’s heart kept clenching in his chest, and he heard her voice exclaim “My pal! How are you?”
He had originally thought to touch down directly in front of Tonys lake house, just kind of showing up but he redirected earlier so he could at least borrow his own means of transportation.
The blood pulsed in Steves ears as Tonys eyes lingered for what seemed like forever before a quiet “Sure” came out.
“I just didn’t think you’d even stand me even thinking about coming to your house, much less hearing me through or even-“ his words hitched in his throat. “Forgiving me.”
Someone in the house must of been alerted to his presence, not that he was trying yo be nessicarily quiet or anything, because the screen door on the porch creaked open followed by an all too familiar voice that struck his chest like a 80 mile an hour driven bullet.
He, in the best of intentions in thought, wished he had been brainwashed when hiding the fact that then man he was defending killed Tonys parents, or when he smashed the power source to tonys suit leaving him alone and immobilized but very able to cut the cord, with angry hands, on their relationship.
Steve heart was pounding as he opened the door and stepped out just kind of standing behind his car door trying to decide of he was taking in the moment or nervously stalling.
When figures loomed over him before crouching to his level of sight, he had nearly lost it. When they crouched like that, it only meant one thing:
“Ay, I am,” Thor said as he held onto the short man’s shoulders. “The artificial man living in your ceiling tells me you have a surprise for me.”
However, the one that seemed to hurt the most was how with every mention of Howard that Steve has made, Tony would simply nod and feign a casual tone. Steve has compared Tony to Howard, has rambled on with story after story of his time with the man, and—
Of course, someone was outside his lab, and he profusely wiped his tears and anger away and patted Dum-E in gratitude before sending him back to his station. He expected Steve to walk in with his sad baby blue eyes and soothing voice and welcome arms, but it was Natasha. She wore one of his band hoodies and black sweatpants. It has been her thing for months now, wearing his clothes. He never knew why she did it, but he didn’t mind.
Tony looked. How his hair looked flawlessly disheveled, how the sweat made his muscles glisten and his clothes cling tighter onto his perfectly sculpted body, how much Steve ached for him, how he looked like warmth and sunshine and everything that Steve would never dare be late for.
Steve made a smart move, and was sure that with just one more, he would be able to win. The move caught Tony by surprise, or at least Steve thought it did, but the genius just smirked and said “Damn. You’re good.”
But he is. He doesn’t need a ticking clock or JARVIS eloquently declaring it, for he is stood a surgery room away from the realization—the realization that the
Two nurses came in after a few minutes, interrupting a story Clint and Natasha were telling of their time in Budapest.
He didn’t know what to expect. Tony refused to tell him of where they were heading. But as they came to a stop by the woods, Steve raised his brows in surprise. “Camping?”
“Oh nononono, last time you guys distracted me with your yelling, and I couldn’t get a single recipe out of the episodes,” Bruce said.
"Man in a can you are, but surely a mighty one," Thor crouched and landed a heavy, gentle hand on the brunet's shoulder as he smiled softly. "And in more ways than one."
Tony's chuckle gets cut off when Natasha injects him with something straight to his neck. He yelps and jumps slightly in his seat. She cups his face to inspect him, and surely the purple patterns wear off.
“Woah there, big guy! Calm down, honey. Everything’s okay. Everybody’s okay,” Tony whispered calmly as he stroked at Bruce’s arm that was littered in patches of green. The rest of the Avengers came after Bruce and urged him to get out of the room, but Tony held onto the Doctor. “It’s okay, guys. Just... I’ll try to calm him down.”
“He took a sleeping pill. He’s gonna be asleep for the whole day. His head still hurts, and his body is craving more of the drugs he took. He's gonna sleep it off,” the redhead said as they played the tapes.
He sighs and lets his bloodshot red eyes drop to the floor. His arms fold as he leans more of his weight into the doorframe. He sees her emerald eyes blink through the mirror, and it makes it easier for him to say the next words.
Sure enough, Clint climbed up to the vents and moaned in bliss as he lied down. “Yup. This is heaven. All I'm missing is a harp playing in the background and—” the harp started playing softly through the vents, and Clint smiled widely. “Tony, I don’t know if you can hear me, but you’re a fucking angel.”
Such a simple statement that sent shivers down his spine. He marveled at it and at the baby blue eyed man who said it. He needed to hear this sentence way too many times, but instead was always told the opposite of it. He still didn’t quite trust the statement, but it did feel nice to hear it echo through his skull. It was a breath of fresh air amidst all the panic and terror in his mind.
Steve’s heart sinks to his chest. This—the sadness, the mental breakdowns, the nervous fiddles with random objects, the POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER on page three of Tony’s file, the purple patterns littering his neck, the goddamn apologies that shot through Steve’s ears like acid—is Tony Stark, too.
“Th-thank you,” he whispered to Steve, who from his position on the floor next to him was so close to Tony’s face. Tony could feel his warm breath on his cheek, and if Steve was able to feel Tony’s heart skip a beat from where he had his palm rested against the arc reactor, he played it off as Tony’s body adjusting yet again to the glowing blue object. Tony’s cheeks reddened as he scrambled out of Steve’s space and hurriedly wore a shirt, suddenly self-conscious.
Dr. Erskine has yet again refused a candidate. At this rate, he wouldn't be satisfied even if the name of Stark Industries ran through the ground. That is not something Howard could stand for.
"It is not just about the clothes,  you have purchased a new phone of the latest model haven't you?"
His son built a circuit board the last time they met. He showed it to him proudly as though it would help him in any way. He showed it to the media, of course, they had to keep up public appearance and what not, but if that boy took any of his tools one more time, he would get more than the slap he got.
"Hey, teacher, I've got Ned's mom on the phone, she says he can stay." he handed the phone to the catatonic teacher he listened to what she said and nodded towards Ned who grabbed Peter and walked off towards an elevator with deadpool following.
"Ms. Jones? She's her Intern. Well... Intern is a vague term she's like the sub manager of the marketing Department really, and my boss." She explained.
Alfred raced his eyes over the crowd, his eyes land on Peter, "PETER!! DUDE! WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?! " he yelled.
"My parents were superstitious,  they thought having bad names would keeps trolls away." he shrugged sheepishly.
"So Parker really is a fake intern." Flash announced triumphantly. Pointing at Ned like he won something. He never really understood exactly how Jealous the other boy was of Peter.
Peter shook his head, it won't do him any good to mope around. He needs to get over it, besides, he lives at The Avengers Tower he knows that wherever the group is going, it can't be more advanced, but at the same time he's also mourning the amount of fun Ned and MJ are going to have without him.
"Well, well, well, looks like Parker's big lie about his internship is about to be busted." Flash called out getting a few snickers from his 'friends' and an eyeroll from Ned,
Howard nearly had a heart attack when he saw Steve Rogers. The man was....... A runt compared to the demon he saw but it was the same eyes, the same hair. The smile had changed though, it was more self deprecating, more human than angelic.
"It is indeed very humorous of them, but they really shouldn't jump to conclusions-" But apparently, Brunnhilde had a plan to completely murder him today so she cut him off.
Peter hoped they didn't have a talk with Shuri about what happened,  he loves his family to bits, but they can be a little...... overprotective...
"You think if we leave the freak here they're just gonna assume he's an experiment?" Came from the dick next to Tyler. Wade rolled his eyes. Well, he was planning on staying there anyway.
He is the son of Tony freaking Stark, if he needed history lessons, he had Steve and Bucky, Bruce gave him lessons for Biology, Natasha seemed to have a knack when it came to anything related to languages so his grades didn't drop at all, if anything they increased, he was worried for his scholarship because of his attendance decrease. Peter was assured that he didn't even need a scholarship, (it didn't stop him from trying anyway, but it was good to have a reassurance)
: but that doesn't matter! And he's really good looking anyway scarred or not. And his eyes are so pretty! Like I have not yet found the right shade of blue to describe them yet but I'll find it one day.
"Well, dear that's not really anything you could do. " he says as he dunks her hand in alcohole again. She screams again.
"I'm Sam Wilson, a part of the Avenger initiative.  and I don't know how much of the future we could tell you given that we could  potentially change it." Peggy nodded at the man.
"Have you considered that he's four and you're a terrible father?" Peter asked looking a little red in the face.
"He has an adorable kid that can be a little scary at times. He's a little dense when it comes to feelings apparently.  He's kind, generous, stupidly brave sometimes and he's standing in front of me and I'm in love with him. "
Natasha face palmed, Peter' left eye twitched, Bucky muttered something like, "star spangled man with a plan my ass"
Flash looked rightfully intimidated. Even though -Ned suspected - Steve was actually trying to keep his anger in check.
"Listen man I know you're on a high right now, and have a lot of things to do, but I have to tell you something now."
"Well, right then, some introductions would be nice." Peggy looked pointedly at Steve.  But it was 'Pete' who answered.
"And it's absolutely fine when he threatens the safety of my nephew? Give me a break. we saw the security clip from a few minutes ago. you're lucky you're not toast yet." Bucky says and Peter realises that it would have to be a miracle to get Flash and His teacher out unscathed.
Sometimes, Peter hated being right. "So, who'd you sleep with penis? You couldn't get a internship here on your own, who's balls did you have to fondle to get here?"
"Don't worry about the Space time continuum, Birdy no.2.  Dr. wizard of oz said something about it, and memory wipe." the robot (she was pretty sure he's not a robot)  waves a hand.
"I'm sorry I have to leave you with him for a while my star. I promise I'll be back for you." he says into the air.
Steve began to go on offence first trying to do some tricks Bucky has been trying to teach him. While they both were serum induced supersoldiers, Steve was more reliant on strength while Bucky was more focused about the techniques.
"Yes, Miss Jones. She's - uh  She's actually starting today, and- " Mj nodded and looked towards Betty.
"It is currently 10:30 am sir, I would suggest getting your breakfast from the kitchen quickly the princess is scheduled to arrive in about half an hour" Peter perked up.
"Ay, Anthony and Steven does need to be tied in matrimony " Thor nodded not looking up from the screen and shoving popcorn in his mouth.
"Oh, god teach-" came the second male's voice "- great one, comedy gold right there, congratulations though you actually made the Black widow laugh"
"Well, you’ve gotta wait two minuts on the passes, but Gabe's actually gonna murder you if you make a move on him." Charlie arches an eyebrow as she types something in.
see, Peter had every intention of not telling his family about the trip, but he can't lie,  it's not even a moral thing, he literally can't lie for shit.
"And I'd like to inform you that I don't appreciate you calling my son Penis. " he added specifically to Flash who gulped.
"What'd he do this time?" Peter asked curiously just as another man dropped from the vent and both approached him.
If someone could just kill him right now Thor would be eternally thankfull really. Please just someone kill him
"I summoned you for a reason. I want something " he says sounding more, way more confident than he felt.
"You have so many connections!” and has Jessie’s voice alway has been this shrill or did she like, get the memo that Wade’s head hurts today?
Peter's gut churned remembering how scared he was when his dad got thrown at a building a month back. He had his suit then and he was still concussed.
There is something extremely chilling about hearing Iron man talk to you coldly when you are committing a crime. It's also chilling when someone threatens his family. So Peter was safe to assume Harrison Thompson was the camel to his father's arctic right about now.
"What I'm trying to say is, the two of you have been ridiculously in love for a very long time and I know that you'll continue to do that from now too, so a very big congratulations from me and the avengers dads." Peter finished while the rest of the room applauded and his fathers were grinning at him. they were happy so that's all that matters.
"We are going to the Avengers tower." she said, throwing a triumphant smirk at Peter. one didn't  have to listen too close to hear the sound of Peter's head meeting his desk.
Sam pointed at the door she walked out of, "Her. MJ. I'm pretty sure she'll take over the world one day....... She'll probably be better than most political leaders though. " he ended thoughtfully.
"You should have pulled the punch punk, we all wanted a turn" Tony rolled his eyes at Bucky's input.
"Guys please be respectful. Don’t  scream or yell. Dr. Odinson-Banner is one of SI's head scientists and I don't imagine being called the Hulk everywhere he goes is particularly nice." Betty tries to heard them away, but then the lab foor closer to Dr. Odinson-Banner opens.
"I- i love you too, I love you so much I can't -" Bruce's mouth was covered by Thor's before he could say anymore.
"Get a move on Flash, the rest of us are waiting in a line." so maybe the day won't be as bad as Ned was afraid of.
"we didn't need a scene there, and besides, his company was going to be ruined in a month, why add extra grief? " Tony says nonchalantly. Steve raises an eyebrow Peter has his mouth gaping
“He was so precious. He didn’t deserve any of what he went through,” Bruce muttered to himself, but quickly realized that he spoke loud enough to be heard by the others. They all seemed to agree anyway.
“You give me headaches. Have I ever told you that? Because it’s true. And a platter of sushi doesn’t really make it go away,” Pepper glares at him, and he fakes a pout. “Fuck you, Tony,” she says while rolling her eyes.
“Oh my god, Tony!” Clint exclaimed as the panicking man let out an ear-piercing scream. Over and over again until his body grew visibly weaker and weaker.
Something foul and absolutely twisted floated in the air as the Avengers watched in horror. Steve leaned forward in his seat as his mind begged for whatever that was about to happen to not happen. The look on Tony’s face was beyond terror and panic. Tony was petrified and small—so, so small.
The phrase was simple enough to knock the air out of Steve’s chest. He hadn’t realized how much he has subconsciously dissociated the kid on screen from the man in front of him. History doesn’t repeat itself, it rhymes; which is how it rings a bell in Steve’s mind of how much of the same mistake he keeps sketching different versions of. Page three of Tony’s file was screaming at him the words POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER just as much as the tape screamed FOR HOWARD, and yet he didn’t quite wrap his head around the extent of it all.
Steve's bloodshot eyes were transfixed on Tony's arc reactor. His mind had quite literally broken down when he pushed the glowing blue object into the genius' chest, only for it to not have an effect. Now, seeing it glow with life again, he wanted to cry and pray to all gods of every religion his gratitude.
“Bingo. But don’t worry, I have people who come here often and take care of the place on the inside. SHIELD also sent in people before us to make sure it’s all good.”
Tony and Natasha went on arguing lightheartedly over the rules of their upcoming game until Tony childishly flicked a bean her way. She glared at him and picked the bean out of her hair to flick it back.
, and watch the soldier blush profusely as Natasha smirked. Other exercises, however, didn’t always end with a cute, blushing soldier in his kitchen. Exercises such as recalling his childhood memories, pretending he’s talking to his father or to Obadiah, or associating colors, textures, and weathers to how he felt in Afghanistan always sent him into a spiral of panic and anger at himself.
“Well, let’s just watch the rest. Maybe this was a one-time thing and Tony’s childhood isn’t so bleak from there,” Clint said as he grabbed a labeled tape to put into the tape-player, and immediately realized how ironic his statement was.
Steve nodded and sat on the bench by Tony's desk. He watched as Tony's eyes drooped and his hands shook with tremors induced by his deprivation of sleep but didn't comment. He casually read his book and occasionally engaged Tony in light conversation whenever he seemed to breathe a little harsher. Steve felt whole and happy whenever he put a genuine smile on the brunet's face, but he couldn't help but feel immense sadness wash over him whenever Tony forced himself to stay up straight and widened his eyes to keep them from shutting.
But that wasn’t Tony being a machine, that was Tony coping. That was Tony fighting for sanity. That was Tony fighting his serious case of PTSD, which he always read in the files, but never saw signs of, and therefore he completely ignored it, which is funny, isn’t it? He had the blue glow at the center of the man’s chest shine through to remind him. He had the blotches of paler skin littering Tony’s hands. He had the dark circles around Tony’s eyes. He had the harsh and ragged breaths heard taken with much difficulty often. He had the tight hugs and desperate look on Tony’s face whenever James Rhodes had to leave for months. He had the ghost of a sad smile playing on his lips whenever he asked
he heard his name called out enthusiastically from the TV. Clint cursed under his breath as he realized that out of all channels, he stopped on a celebrity gossip centered one.
Clint didn't see the millions upon millions of dollars that get donated to various organizations or the galas he hosted every other week to raise charity funds for various global issues, he just saw a snob. He saw the parties and the alcohol and the sex tapes on cheap porn websites, but now that his mind recalls it, is it really “sex” when all the porn videos included the words DRUNK TONY STARK or TONY STARK ON DRUGS in the title? He lets out a shaky breath and hides his face in his hands because all his mind could come up with is one conclusion: he fucked up.
“I’m sorry, friend,” Thor whispered before his hand pressed on the arc reactor and blue sparks started emitting from it. “Thor, what did you do?” Steve asked as his eyes widened in terror when the genius inhaled a sharp gasp before his body turned slack and his eyes shut.
“There’s only one way to find out,” Clint said as he grabbed at a labeled tape but stopped dead in his tracks when he saw a tape labeled with just a smiley face. “Yo, look. This one’s labeled differently. We’ll play that one.”
“I’ll join in with Clint and Nat,” Bruce smirked mischievously as he shifted his seat slightly towards the spies.
And this just seems to anger him more because he’s so confused and torn apart. He doesn’t know if this is a trick or if he is actually given a choice. Does he tell the Captain to leave? His mind will only start revolving around the thought that everyone will leave because they are disgusted by him. Does he tell the Captain to stay? He’ll just feel trapped and watched. There is no middle ground. But then again, anger knows no middle ground.
“I was feeling spontaneous, sugar plum. Come on, Natalie. You’ve seen what I’m like when I get drunk. All sentimental and self-destructive, yeah? Your words, not mine. Now imagine drunk and on hard drugs. Actually, don’t imagine. That’s counterproductive. You’ve already seen that,” he sighed as the look on her face remained unshaken. Everybody else looked so... sad.
The rest of the team got up to check on the Captain as well and saw him sat on the floor by a box as he went through what’s in it. Photographs and papers were neatly separated in boxes, and Steve was currently going through the various photographs. He went through each photo slowly, as if anything faster than such pace would be offensive. He traced over the faces of Howard and Peggy. He was quite shocked to see photos of Tony as what can’t be past the age of five wearing a Captain America shirt and smiling up at Peggy who was knelt to be of his level of sight, a man of slender figure who Steve didn’t recognize holding Tony up with a bright smile on his face. Steve smiled.
Tony knew nothing but rage. All he saw was the yellow room, the yellow sunflowers, the chunks of rubies, the golden frames, the maroon silk, the pearly whites of his father’s smile, the navy blue of Obadiah’s suit, the long and narrow staircases, the long and narrow hallways leading from one cave to another, the dirt on the mattress, the red on his hands, the red on his hands, the red on his hands,
“Oh, it’s on!” Tony said as he grabbed another pillow, and soon enough a pillow fight broke out. Steve had not felt such a light step to his feet before. All he felt and saw was pure bliss as pillows of silk and feather hit his face and sounds of giggles and laughs hit his heart. It was in this moment that nothing mattered to Steve but the man before him who trusted his bigness, his strength, his height, and his heart. He doesn’t know when or how, but he had tripped on his feet and landed with his back against the luxurious bed.
Steve tuned the team out as they talked and discussed their strategy on how they’re gonna approach the genius. He felt heartbroken, distraught, and guilty. It felt as though he could’ve stopped the abuse Tony went through. It felt as though he could’ve done something.
Steve knew that as much as he could go around boasting about how much he has come to know about Tony, Tony knew just as much if not even more about him. So it was not a surprise when Tony crossed his arms and glared playfully at Steve. “I don’t believe you. Hey, Nat! You believe this guy?”
After a few minutes, food and coffee were put on the table, and the Avengers minus Thor who had to be in Asgard for some time gathered around to eat. Tony didn’t really have much of the food, and resorted to drinking two cups of coffee. “Tony, can you please finish your food?” Steve said when he noticed the sleepy engineer’s plate was barely touched.
“I saw one in the living room by the TV,” Clint said as he grabbed the box and got up to make his way to the living room. “Bruce, make some popcorn. We’re in for a long movie night starring the Starks!”
He really wanted to be normal. Not feel glorious happiness, just normalcy. His happiness was simply a light switch and life never stopped flicking its finger. Thus, he couldn't expect much of it lighting up his life, not when he has a light shining through his shirt to remind him of his misery, anyway. He wondered if he'll ever come to cherish that glowing blue instead of being ashamed of it.
Tony was woken out of a nightmare when Bruce barged into his room and shook him out of his forlorn sleep. His voice was laced with that of the Hulk’s, and Tony mentally facepalmed himself for not pointing it out to Fury that as much as they were living with Bruce Banner, they were also living with a green rage monster who has no room of contamination in this mansion.
As time passed by, Tony grew to love spending time with his friends, which took him a while to come to terms with the fact that that’s what they are: friends. He hadn’t learned what friendship was until he met Rhodey, and he had always thought that the colonel would be his only friend. To have a support system, to be part of a team, was new and lovely. He loved getting to know more about these people. He would never admit it, but seeing Clint come out of his floor just to make the engineer listen to a new song he was sure they would both love made his heart flutter.
He knows what luxury looks like, smells like, tastes like, but he has never quite felt the delight of a luxurious life. Sure, he’s never had to suffer through financial issues and most probably never will, but it didn’t make breathing through life any easier. He was surely able to afford all sorts of cars and suits of ridiculously hefty prices, but all the money in the world could never help him afford the delight of recalling a lovely childhood memory, the gratitude over a loving father’s advice that guided him through life, or the warmth of being part of a family. The warmth and sweetness of such life were luxuries that simply could never be bought. You either had them or not.
“Which is why I’m gonna be meeting up with the representatives of the British AI Empire instead. You can go to the gala while I take care of—”
“I’m sorry about last night,” Tony said casually. “In my defense, you shouldn’t have walked in. But then again, I shouldn’t have given Rhodey that code. Oh well...”
Steve was utterly convinced that absolutely nothing could make this day any better. He was crying tears of joy upon being proven wrong when Tony looked into his baby blue eyes and whispered, “I love you.”
His words are interrupted by a scream, and Steve’s eyes shut tightly at the painful sound. “WHY. AREN’T. YOU. FIGHTING. ME. BACK?!” each word is followed by a punch to the Captain’s chest. Steve feels cold, cold,
“Okay, okay. Cut it out, children. Let’s camp out here, yeah?” Natasha suggested and went to get a few blankets and pillows. Tony followed after to help get more from a cabinet he knew the place of.
“And I love you,” Steve replied with a kiss to the brunet’s forehead. “Now let me hold you and feed you blueberries.”
Tony leaned in all the way and kissed him with gentleness and softness he didn’t know he was capable of. It was the first kiss he has deliberately given anyone while sober, and as he felt a smile against his lips, he broke the kiss to smile too.
“Can’t. Working,” Tony said as he put his face shield up to glance at the pair of spies. “Are you wearing my hoodie?”
Although the duration of his session was up, he requested an extra hour in which they talked of safe, healthy ways he could cope by. She suggested taking care of pets
***DISCLAIMER: for some reason readers are receiving notifs that this is chapter 9. this is chapter 6 and im sorry for the issue!!
Tony groaned yet again as he laid his head on the pillow and shut his eyes tightly in pain. He can’t sleep the day off, but the idea did sound quite attractive. His head felt incredibly heavy. “Just... Fury will be mad.”
“Hey, Cap,” he steadied his voice in an instant and wiped furiously at his eyes. “Guess who’s gonna be disabling Rhodey’s override code tonight...”
They walked alongside each other in silence. Steve didn’t question anything, at least not now. He glanced towards the short man walking by his side to see a small smile grace his lips and a peaceful look in his eyes. Besides, whether he knew or not of where Tony was taking him, he didn’t care. He’d follow Tony wherever he went without a second thought.
By the time Clint finished the song, Tony’s chest was rising steadily and the shake his hands wore dissipated. His glassy eyes were pools of honey as the light directly hit his face from his position on the floor, and Clint had wanted to hold him and wipe the tears away.
He nods to himself. Of course, it would be his own words and ideas that end up biting him, no matter the good he thinks he’s serving. From the corner of his eyes, he could see the Captain fiddle with his hands nervously. “Don’t watch them. I don’t think... I don’t think it would be good for you to.”
“Wherever you take me, I'll go,” Steve said as he smiled and watched Tony shyly turn his face the other way. “I love when you blush.”
Pepper tapped her fingernails against the coffee table. Tony couldn’t help but notice that her red nail polish is chipped.
Steve nodded, and watched as the man tried not to crumble under his watch. His knuckles were white as they held on to the sleeves of his shirt. His eyes shut tightly, and he could hear him hiccup and struggle on chokes of his sobs. He was coming undone and breaking apart right before the Captain's eyes, and Steve rummaged through his mind for a way to help.
“Mr. Stark, would you say you need the media’s attention more than ever right now with the government being angry at you? I mean, we’re connected. You need us, admit it.”
Clint didn’t understand a lot of things about Tony, but he did try his best to be supportive despite his lack of knowledge on how to handle certain situations. One of said certain situations being once upon a lazy Sunday morning.
Natasha smirked at Steve who sighed and frowned upon the absence of the genius. Rhodey exchanged a knowing look with Natasha, and rolled his eyes when Steve started pushing crumbs of cake around his plate. Rhodey spared the blonde the despair and landed a gentle hand on his shoulder. “Go to him.”
“Please promise me you’ll always come back to me. Please promise me you’ll never leave,” Tony whispered. Steve’s wet hand washed the tears that came upon Tony’s face away.
He still struggled, still couldn’t quite be as intimate as he desired to be with Steve, still panicked at the mention of Howard or Obadiah, still couldn’t be cruel to Aunt Peggy when she’d mistake him for her so-called pal of the past, and still had nightmares of Afghanistan and the wormhole. But today, he celebrates a year sober, and he figures there will be more days to come where he looks in the face of all his demons to smile and offer them chocolate cake in celebration of not being so scared anymore.
“Anyone who dares break such promise shall feel the wrath of Mjolnir!” Thor said with much enthusiasm, and Tony couldn’t help but chuckle.
Tony got up early the next morning after his sleep was interrupted by yet another nightmare. He sighed heavily and scratched at the skin around the arc reactor, which despite it being almost nine months since Afghanistan, still irritated him from time to time; not to mention that his lung capacity has greatly diminished, and he often found breathing more of a difficult task rather than a natural bodily phenomenon. And if random pangs of pain came upon his heart, he blamed his lack of sleep and poor diet, but not the shrapnels that were dire to mince his heart if it weren’t for the glowing blue technology in his chest. Now, however, all his heart complications served as a distraction from his current situation, and weirdly enough, Tony found himself grateful for it.
His unseeing eyes glaze over, but he gulps down his cries and answers, “Because I’m not made of iron.”
He also absolutely had to get discharged because the press had been breathing down Pepper's neck with all the other work she had to keep up with.
“We must watch all of them tonight and find out,” Thor said as he picked a tape. He was going through the box to look for an unlabeled tape. He took out the ones that were labeled to avoid rummaging too much and possibly ruining the delicate objects.
Steve watched as the colonel stared at Tony’s uninterested and scornful face before casually asking, “How was therapy?”
Except he can’t—and doesn’t want to—be excluded from the narrative. In his mind, he is the narrative. He hears Pepper’s soft tapping against the coffee table, sees Rhodey's face on various TV channels trying to reason with the government, sees Natasha and Clint hack through the organization, sees Steve on the phone with SHIELD agents discussing the whereabouts of the organization’s leader, sees Bruce and Thor look through piles of documents from various boxes for whatever Obadiah has left behind, and he hates himself.
“Yeah, you do. Your hoodies and shirts smell like that one cotton scented detergent and motor oil. Probably from how much you’ve stained them with that stuff and how you hang around here all the time. S’good,” she said as she pulled the hem of the hoodie over her face and inhaled deeply. "So yeah. Your clothes are comfy.”
It took a few more minutes, but Tony’s body was moving again. He still refused to speak and attempted to get up on his wobbly knees to make a run for his lab. When he stumbled on his own feet, Rhodey immediately held him up, and helped him walk his way to the elevator.
“That’s still not looking too good,” Fury points to Tony’s neck where angry purple patterns start forming yet again.
“You’re just what? You’ve been sitting here watching me and don’t think I don’t know what’s going through your head! You think I'm some weak creature who won’t be able to face battles alone—”
Jarvis’ voice and Tony’s decreased in volume as the man walked off to his lab with his bots tagging along. The team stood there in the garage awkwardly, before Natasha said, “We need to sit him down and talk to him. He’s not doing well.”
Still, it sent the shrapnels surrounding his heart into a frenzy upon his escalating irregular breathing. He could often feel some sort of sharp ache in the center of his chest because of them. He could almost feel the sharp metal pieces hit against the exterior wall of the arc reactor as his breaths came shorter and shorter.
“Of course, I’m here,” Steve’s hand covered the hand on his cheek, and he resisted the urge to cry right there and then.
Steve’s hands were gentle as they moved along Tony’s back and thighs. He didn’t dare go any further than what Tony has guided his hands to. All what mattered was whatever Tony was doing, and in that fine moment, Steve was on cloud nine. He wasn’t underestimating Tony, but he simply couldn’t believe that this was real. It felt too warm, too good, too perfect. He truly didn’t think anything could make this day any better.
It wasn’t a question. Tony knew Steve. In fact, Tony knew everyone. He took the time to study their files and took even more time to study them in person. He paid attention to them, but they never did the same to him. And it seems as though the rest of the team is reading Steve’s mind, because they all share a look of guilt that Tony was too invested in munching on a bowl of cereal and occasionally typing things on his tablet to notice.
Clint had also taught Tony how to go through any vent, and soon, used the knowledge of doing so to prank a Russian redhead, who had once run after the pair of troublemakers with threats of stabbing them while they laughed. At some point, Tony has run to hide behind Steve as he giggled and poked his head over the soldier’s shoulder just to stick his tongue out at the angry spy as her attempts at getting to Tony were blocked by the Captain.
One minute he was watching a documentary on the extinction of animal species, the next he was watching a salamander crawl its way not on the grand screen, but on the walls of the cave.
Tony giggled and patted the green patch of skin that came upon Bruce’s hand. “Prove it. Make me my favorite food, pretty please.”
“The mansion was always full of weapons and tech. Even the sunflowers were plastic.” Steve looked around the field and realized that it was devoid of sunflowers. He made a mental note to never include those in bouquets he was sure to spoil the engineer with in the future. “When my parents died, I had to be in the funeral, of course. I loved all the flowers that decorated the place. They looked so pretty, Steve. It was the first time I fell in love with something that wasn’t a machine. So I bought this place,” Tony said as he spread his arms as if to display the field. “I came here so often. Even after I had bought the tower. Just recently did I realize I hadn’t come here in a while.”
Tony shook his head and went about with his work. He will never admit to the Captain that hearing the pencil dance around rough paper was easing the paranoia and panic in his mind, or that his banter with JARVIS and his lighthearted argument with Dum-E over how many teaspoons of creamer he wants in his coffee was making him feel safe. He resorted to working and glancing every now and then over the compatibility check.
Tony took a deep breath as instructed and settled next to Steve on the grand couch of his art studio. He started it out how he said he would: slow and with a kiss. He wanted to feel this for what it is, which was nothing short of a safe, warm moment of intimacy. He deepened the kiss as his hands started to wander all over Steve’s body. If he’s being honest with himself, he could feel himself start to stall as his hands touched everywhere but between the man’s legs, and he was absolutely frustrated with himself. Steve sensed it and pulled away just to tell him “It’s okay. You don’t have to do this if you’re not ready, sweetheart.”
Howard had touched him. Obadiah had touched him. He was just a kid robbed off his childhood. He was always just looking up to the adults. They spoke over him and caged him. No wonder why he grew up to be spontaneous, talkative, and childish. He was just trying to catch up on what he has missed on in the only ways he knew how to. He was always surrounded by people older than him, taller than him, bigger than him. No wonder why he did whatever it took to always look bigger than life, to stand a little straighter, to talk back, and to relish in the arrogant, egoistic, self-centered asshole persona.
When he finishes his food, he gets back to work. A few minutes later, quinjets land and open to reveal the Avengers. The people of the town cower away.
“Be the best CEO ever and cancel whatever gala you’re probably gonna request for me to attend? I know. Thanks, Pepper. You’re the best!” He said with a smirk. Steve couldn’t help the amused smile on his lips.
“Guys, I promise you, I’m fine! I just did hard drugs and got drunk beyond repair. Plus, I had about a gallon of coffee that day. Not a really good combo, y’know? But I'm fine!”
The team rose off their seats as they went to make their exit, except for Tony who stayed behind. He got up and made his way over to Fury to hand him an invitation card. “Hope you’re not so busy Thursday night,” he said before he took off.
But this was different. This was Tony trying to reclaim his right of choosing to do this. This was his way of also letting Steve know that he is getting better and that he will someday be able to give Steve more and more overtime. This was him letting Steve know that Steve is helping far more than he thinks. He’s trying to master the arts of not owing people things, including himself. Steve just deserves to feel good, and for the first time, Tony is feeling good, too—something he didn’t know could be possible as he always thought that intimacy will always cost his discomfort and pain.
They’re treating him differently not out of respect, but out of pity. And Tony wants to burn and melt as easy as the smothered tapes.
“Nothing I can’t fix if I can just get to my lab,” he said as he rested his forehead against the table.
Steve heaved over the sink as he washed away what his body couldn’t stomach in. He tried to stop the heaving, only to realize that he has been crying uncontrollably since he walked into the grand bathroom.
Next was floor #33, which was Clint’s. The archer’s jaw had hung open upon walking into and hearing barks. “He didn’t...”
He couldn’t tell. All he knew is that he had to get away from the men looming over him. He cowered away and tried to make himself smaller. “I’ll b-build it j-just p-please d-don't t-touch me p-please it h-hurts p-please p-please I’ll b-build it I’ll b-build it...”
“Hey! No fighting! YOU, quit bothering your baby brother.” He jumped out of the car and walked out to the bots, who settled their differences and excessive excitement in their rush to hug the engineer. Dum-E whirred and clasped the handles of its arms in a pattern that Tony somehow understood, and he giggled when the handles clasped against his cheek—mimicking a kiss.
“What about Tony Stark? Is Tony Stark anyone’s property?” Laughter erupted from the crowd hiding behind cameras, and Tony joined in. “Nope. Too busy these days. Playboy’s put on pause.”
It takes him a month after that to initiate a sexual encounter. He had talked to Steve about it, and the blonde reassured him that he would be in complete control of when things would start and end.
In a moment of despair and impulse, Steve lunged towards the engineer to wrap his arms around him. He sobbed loudly and shamelessly. He was scared—
Tony took the paper back and suppressed the need to draw in another breath. A few seconds later the paper was flipped back to the team.
“Save it. I have a meeting to attend. Responsibility, y’know?” He said bitterly as he made it to the door, but before he made his exit, he said, “Oh and Fury? My resignation is gonna be sent to you tonight. Goodbye.”
“Cheating? If anything, both of you are playing together against me and I’m all alone with nothing but a genius brain. I’m at a complete disadvantage here.”
“JARVIS,” Tony’s voice was low, shaky, and dripping in fear of the unknown. “What aren’t you telling me?” The Avengers exchanged looks of alarm as they noticed the AI’s hesitation in giving the answer.
Steve couldn’t resist wanting to know more. Although the more he knew, the sicker he got. He wanted to do this for Tony. It’s the least that he could do.
“Tony? You mind if I stay here with you?” the Captain says and Tony stands up from his crouched position because he can’t afford to feel too small in the moment. The hairs of his body stand with him, too. He stares at the blonde for a few seconds.
that has been on the tip of his tongue for the past few days whenever he looked at their sad, concerned faces. But now he thinks he knows what these faces wore. It wasn’t sadness or concern; it was something he despised. Something he warned Pepper and Rhodey against giving him whenever they saw through him. Something that Jarvis always had in his eyes, and Tony would smile and resist the urge of telling him how much the look on the British man’s face made him want to die in gruesome ways.
“A clean energy source for the Christmas tree they’re gonna light up in Time’s Square. Only god knows just how much electricity is wasted on that stupid tree,” Tony says begrudgingly and glares at the screen in front of. It doesn’t take a genius to know why Tony’s so bothered by it all. After all, Natalie Rushman has reported that Tony locked himself out in the lab last Christmas and didn’t come out until late January. He figures that will most likely be the case this year as well but hopes it wouldn’t be.
“That’s what I’ve been trying to tell you, Sir. The terrorist organization Agent Romanov and Captain Rogers were tasked to go on a mission against are known as the Double Division have access to various discontinued models of Stark Industries weaponries. Their manufacturer has supplied them with said weapons years back, at least the scans of the contracts I have found say so. Their manufacturer had to supply those weapons after altercations revolving around unresolved debt.”
Steve walked around the angry businesswoman to an unbothered Rhodey. “What is happening exactly? Why is Tony standing on the kitchen counter?”
“I don’t know. This can’t be right. He... might have been just angry or upset that day? But Jesus fucking Christ this... this isn’t right!” Steve sighed in frustration as he looked around the room, his eyes landing on Natasha who was sporting furrowed eyebrows. “You look like you know something we don’t”
They followed him around to check their rooms, all of which looked the same. He showed them the way to various other rooms, and pointed to where Howard’s study room is
But Steve was showing it. Steve could easily do so much with how big he is, how strong he is, how tall he is, with how much power he has gained now that him and Tony were alone in a locked room on a bed. And yet, he didn’t. He waited.
“Don’t scare him off now,” Natasha had told them and Rhodey had followed up with “Yeah. If Tony wants to talk, he’ll talk.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony said as he moved a piece of his. “Add a total chess loser to your resume because you just lost in two moves. Checkmate.”
Steve is confused by Tony’s state, but he’s patient. He watches as the brunet paces the room and taps against the glass of his glowing blue arc reactor. A few frustrated groans escape the pacing man every now and then, and Steve nods in understanding of the internal battle Tony must be facing right before his eyes.
He hung up and evened out his breathing before entering the room. He took a few steps in slowly as to not startle her. He stood there in front of her bed and watched as she blinked slowly at him. He never knows who she would take him for, he just knew that some days were better than others and sometimes his choice of clothing affected that, but they always ended up with her beaming
He still felt that bleak, bugs-crawling-all-over dread. His mind was stuck on what could have been if he had just departed life like he wanted. There was this nagging voice in his mind that kept scolding him and reviewing over his attempt.
He saw as Tony’s skin grew cold under the touch, and how his lips were devoid of color. He let his tears fall as he pushed the electrocuting device over Tony’s chest again and again. No heartbeat. No glowing blue. No sound piercing through his ears but the flatline and Rhodey’s screams and the Hulk’s roars echoing in his skull.
But Steve’s touch never came. Instead, he waited until Tony’s eyes focused on him again instead of traveling wildly from one corner of the room to the other, and suggested that they open the door. “At least if you feel... confined, you can always see that the door is wide open and you can make the choice to get out of here. I will not hurt you, and I will not do whatever you don’t want me to do, but I do want you to feel as safe as possible, even if it comes in ways that I don’t entirely understand.”
Steve tried to move only to realize he’s been lying on the floor. He tried to speak, but his trembling lips just hung open and breathed in what his nose made difficult to inhale. “Hey, hey, you don’t gotta speak now. Just breathe. Alright? You’re safe. You’re safe, I promise,” Tony cooed. The soldier tried to the best of his efforts to get up, speak, breathe, but all he could do was pull his knees up to his chest as he cried and trembled.
Looking over the sleeping man in his arms and tuning into the music and yells echoing around, he comes to believe that this is luxury.
Now, the red lipstick worn by the woman before him gave him much comfort, and he appreciated the fact that she wore it almost every session. She never forced an answer out of him, but she had a way with words that helped her gain enough vital information on his mental state. Although in the beginning he was paranoid over her reporting back to SHIELD of his state, she had eased his worries quickly. “I won’t tell them of what you don’t want them to know.”
The floor Tony has designed for the god was the hardest to work through. The theme of it was that of space, which Tony struggled not to have panic attacks over as it reminded him of the New York battle. Instead of installing a telescope, the windows themselves have been designed to function as one big lens of said device that zooms into not just the solar system, but of the nine realms, as well as displays various information of whatever he clicks on. An eyepatch was given to the giant man as a piece of nanotechnology that would help him see through the galaxies and stars. There was also an installed stand for Mjolnir that charged its electrons, giving it a great boost upon being used in battle. Generally, the whole place looked like it belonged to NASA, and Thor had smiled brightly as he praised the engineer.
"Oh, please don't pretend you don't think so too, Nat. You alphas are all the same. Did you see the sheriff’s face?"
Steve felt how his cheeks grew hot. His eyes found Tony’s V neck again and only God knew how desperately he wanted to undress Tony right here, right now. This man knew how to get to him. He stepped forward and put his hand on Tony’s hip, drawing him in until their bodies were flush with each other. His hand wandered down until it followed the swell of Tony’s butt. “I’d love to. Just wait until we’re home.”
Dodger sniffed Tony’s pant leg in greeting before trotting over to sit beside Peter. The large dog gently laid its head in Peter’s lap and the boy carefully petted Dodger’s head. Peter and their dog were inseparable.
He opened his eyes, not knowing when he’d closed them. The old woman with her grandson was cautiously watching him. Her jewelry was gone and she looked just as shaken as Tony felt. She was an old beta lady, and her scent was blessedly neutral.
“W-what?” Steve spluttered and blushed. How he was physically able to blush when all of his blood seemed to be in his cock was a mystery to him. “I- I don’t-”
"Jesus Christ!" Tony gasped into his neck. His thighs trembled slightly and he raised his head from where he had laid it down to be able to look into the blonde’s face. They were impossibly close. Tony's face was rosy and his eyes huge, sparkling with a post-coital haze. He was beautiful and Steve couldn't avert his eyes even if his life had depended on it. "How are you still hard?"
They had survived for so long. But now… Steve closed his eyes for another moment and the veracity of his reality crashed over him like the waves of Kamino.
“What the shit?! Give a guy a warning, will you?! You almost gave me a heart attack!” Tony grumbled. Hurried, he stood up and pressed his back against the side of the horse behind him. The sheriff looked at him quizzically and Tony averted his eyes after a moment. He couldn’t look into his eyes. Roger’s gaze seemed to burn him with its intensity. “I-I’m fine. I just want to get out of this forest as soon as possible,” Tony told him and tried not to mumble, which was hard under the sheriff’s watchful eyes.
"Don't believe everything the media tells you," Steve murmured and turned his head around to kiss Tony's palm, "isn't that exactly what you've taught me before?" He gently squeezed Tony's balls for good measure while pushing his finger a bit deeper inside his partner's hole. Steve knew he was playing dirty with that move, but he wanted to see Tony all wrecked and disheveled, wet and blissed out, and he was going to use every trick he knew to give Tony the orgasm of his life.
He wasn't proud of it, but Steve almost came at that. His hips bucked beneath Tony, pleasantly trapped beneath him. "I- you mean… we can't, Tony," he said, aware of just how wrecked he sounded, "I'm too big, I'd hurt you-"
A little self-conscious, Tony fiddled with the hem of his wide sleeves. The lace was dirty, bloody and a little torn. Tony would've liked to have the time gather his bearings properly before stumbling into the next misadventure, but it seemed as if he wasn't even granted that. With a thankful nod he took the duffel bag and looked around.
(A jedi trainee. You start with age 3/4 as a Youngling, become a Padawan with age 10/11 and become a Jedi Knight around age 20-25. Becoming a Master needs way more time and experience and is only necessary if you want to become part of the High Council)
“I know it’s dangerous, Tony. Believe me when I say that I know that. But we have to. I promised- I promised it to my master. I promised Master Erskine that I would free the galaxy.” He drew a shuddering breath and the heat of the suns was suddenly not enough to warm him up as the cold of his memories wrapped itself around him like a blanket that wanted to choke him.
The two of them kissed some more, languid and gentle, while Steve shallowly thrusted up into Tony, enjoying the moment. They took the time to exploit each other's bodies, more thoroughly and less rushed than before, now that their arousal was no longer a burning need and they could both think a bit clearer.
Tony’s nose twitched in his sleep where he was laying on his belly, and he buried his face in Steve’s shoulder to escape the sunlight. He was adorable when he was sleeping. Steve wished to see him carefree and relaxed like this more often. Last night had revealed a lot of dark stories and it was evident that the past had left traces on both of them that they could not wipe away that easily. They were still wanted by the empire. Their lives were dangerous.
And then Steve saw blood painting Tony’s shirt and waist where he had held onto him mere hours ago. Amber eyes rolled in their sockets and the former jedi saw his beloved fall forward. His blood was staining the sand of Tatooine and the twin suns shone upon them, uncaring and indifferent to Steve’s whole world being crushed once again.
Natasha looked at him as if she was trying to decide whether she wanted to share that information with him or not. Now that Tony paid attention to it, he saw the colts on her hips. Tony could’ve admitted that she was a very beautiful lady with her red curls and the long skirt she was wearing, if she didn’t scare him like that. Of all the foreigners around him, this woman was the scariest.
The automatic doors to his little room opened and Natasha stood in the doorway. Her smooth red skin color was a stark contrast to her black suit, stacked with a scary amount of vibroknives.
“Y-you do?” Steve questioned and stilled his hands on Tony’s buttcheeks. Carefully he pulled them apart, just a tiny little bit, but he instantly felt how the first drops of cum leaked out and ran down his shaft to his balls.
Steve suppresses a grimace at the use of his title. “I never said I was, but you look like you’ve got something to say. Do you?”
“I’m gonna go up there just to get a cup of coffee. Other than that, I feel really sleepy,” Tony said as his eyes visibly drooped.
"D-Don't call me that. God, why don't you fucking understand? C-Call me selfish. Arrogant. S-Stupid. A machine. A wh-whore. A narcissist. Not f-fucking recommended. Anything! Don't be fucking sweet to me now. D-Don't call me your sweetheart now," he sobbed into his hands, and the monitors by his bed were enough to tell them that they were putting him under enough stress, just like they always did. The only difference is that they could see it after it had not just slapped them in the face, but spat on them too when he said:
