It saw no inner movement.
Those who had been healthy and able enough, had fled as soon as they could. Taking up  residence in other less martyred places far away from the raking claws of the Kingdom. In their leaving, they took with them not only their families but also rumors of what the town had become. Blackening the name of Castle Appledore to those who would listen and cursing the reigning Holmes dynasty until it became that no one new would venture here. Leaving those that they had left behind, those too rooted, too poor, too scared or sick, to remain shut up in their houses. Trapped like cornered rats within their rented walls.
"Yes my Lord." John answered in a small voice.
A high piercing horn sounded from far above them and John and William watched in amazement as the speculatively empty houses of Baker Town all became suddenly occupied.
"Is that your official opinion on the matter then?"
"And as I've JUST told you, it doesn't work that way!" Sherlock growled. "Your 'getting off' is the main point of the whole affair! Not mine. In case you hadn't heard, you've been formally absolved of it. Don't think for one second that it had escaped my notice that your erection was just cutting holes in the eiderdown!" Something hellish broke over Sherlock's face as he spoke his next words. "But perhaps if you've lost all desire to to /fuck me/ given the circumstances then perhaps it would be better if I just left!"
And the entire room freezes in place.
Well, if he wasn't going to drop it. "So you've had a relationship then?"
John's eyes took their liberty to roam the body before him. This tall, lithe thing that stood presenting itself to him with such muted power. And John let out a little gasp as he saw the prominent bulge in the shadow of Sherlock's hips, unwilling to hide. John took the time to admire it while Sherlock was held captive in his task. The long, hard cock standing proud between his legs.
Or anyone.
"Of course." John said, eyes still sweeping over the tables. Taking it all in. "Though, I have been meaning to ask..."
In fact, Sherlock didn't say anything at all for a very long time, not even bothering to keep on with his boyfriend sham when they came back. Not while Dr. Sipe reviewed John's pertinent medical history, not while he took his blood pressure and pulse, not while he matched up John's tooth color with the available resins, not even while he asked him trivial things about his life that John had to make up on the fly.
William and Henry had kindly provided the men with another horse, so that brother Michael would not have to walk, but the monk had insisted, even going so far as to remove the simple sandals from his feet as he led his horse onward, "just until we reach the outskirts. It would do me well I think. We've a long road ahead and I would like to feel the mud beneath my feet."
Sherlock pressed the full, wet length of his fingers across it, asking permission, watching John nod and spread himself wider in invitation. No hesitation. His knee appearing in Sherlock's periphery. John's hands stayed immobile above his head, allowed to be held loosely, groundingly, while he granted Sherlock first-time intrusion into his body. Gasping and cursing as Sherlock sunk one finger in up to only the first knuckle.
"Oh," John was laughing through his nose. "That's a good thing to know. But what I was really going to ask," he continued, "was what you were planning on using them for?"
"Not avoiding." Sherlock mumbles, before turning over and clearly /avoiding/. "I take it she's dead then?"
The second piece, which locked with a barrel screw lock to the main piece from above, was a thin ring that encircled him beneath his testicles, lifting them away from his body in a slightly supportive way. But the cruelness of the second piece came in the long protrusion that extended out backwards from the bottom of the ring, shaped like a cat's tail. It was thin and smooth to hug his perineum before fattening out into a bulb the width of his thumb as it curled up into his hole. Its tip just barely long enough to reach past the place he was most sensitive.
"But I've not anyone to bring with me." He had said suddenly, coming up from his contemplation as if from a dream. The women had moved from when he had last seen them, but not far.
"Why not?" Sherlock asked, seemingly more offended by that then the initial response.
John takes a deep breath, reaffirming himself, his convictions. John could never leave him, and would never change a moment, not in a million years, not unless he was asked point blank by Sherlock alone. "I believe you. And I forgive you. You tried what you could think of and it didn't work. Everything you tried to do was to keep me safe. I'm not angry with you. You did what you thought was right."
"Is what you see acceptable to you, Sir John?" Prince Sherlock asked, his voice a low rumble that felt as though it could shake the earth beneath John's feet if he so wanted.
Silence.
Sherlock met his eyes at that, searching his gaze before giving a little nod and turning back down to his phone. A moment later, Sherlock produced a hundred pound note from his pocket and threw it in John's direction carelessly.
"Yeah, alright," Miles accepted easily. "Hey. Thanks for letting a barmy bugger spoil your night. You were a big help."
John frowned. "And you know this because..."
Having finally gotten his breath back, John was about to turn and speak about his misgivings to William when the door opened once more and Charles' skeletal figure was a black silhouette in the opening.
Sherlock topped the stairs with soft steps and after a brief moment of hesitation, held out an envelope over John's shoulder for him to take between two long fingers. But John only gave it a brief glance before turning back to the spot on the wall he'd been staring at with a grimace. He didn't need to look at it too closely, after all.
Through the miasma of climax, John heard Sherlock's affirmations. Heard the words that he himself had whispered into the ears of dying men, as they took their last breaths on this earth in his arms. Beneath his hands. While they cried and pleaded and begged for their mothers. What he'd wished he could have said back to that man he still loved. Would always love. Bill Murray.
But Sherlock didn't hear. From his position, he was able to witness a close up of John's cock, watching breathless as the monolith rose like a Great Old One summoned by his words. Rapt as the corpora cavernosa expanded within, thick and bright and humming with blood. Flushing darkly in its sweet ascent.
Exploring his edges gently, he rocked his body, trying to find a rhythm between the water, the fingertip, and the stripping of his flesh. He turned one nipple into the spray and shuddered as it created a trifecta of stimulation, riding  that brighter burst of arousal like a shockwave.
John was so struck by the strangeness of the question that he stayed there. Unsure whether or not he should answer.
There would never again be a doubt between them that John thought of Sherlock as anything but beautiful.
John considered this thoughtfully. "Ta. I'll keep it in mind."
He spat in the bucket he'd put by his bed and rolled over onto his side. Fiddling with his soggy nose plugs before eventually replacing them and coughing fitfully. God. He felt awful.
She held up a full mesh bag that she'd lugged up the stairs. "Don't expect this all the time now; but I've brought you your laundry back, as a thank you for buying my shopping yesterday. I just took up anything on the floor I could find in addition to the baskets, hope you don't mind."
"Yes. Seriously."
"But it's yours."
"The Queen Mother's health began declining soon after she made her last public appearance. A few weeks later she developed a chest infection and a bad cough which she found hard to throw off. She became increasingly frail and soon was confined to a wheelchair. The funeral arrangements have not yet been announced, but the service is expected to be held at Westminster Abbey after a lying in state at--."
He opened the tape carefully with a paring knife, and the box seemed to breathe with lapping wisps of dry ice vapour. From the inner box, he very carefully lifted out the bulky mass of a human brain. And for the briefest of moments, he looked as though he were making an offering to terrible gods amidst fearsome fog, but the spell was broken when Sherlock set it down next to his coffee and decidedly too close to John's toast.
"If you are quite done grousing!" Sherlock finally snaps as her continued 'helping' only hinders their process further, "perhaps you could make yourself /actually/ useful and go and make John some tea!"
"Yes. Yes, you're absolutely bloody right. Jesus." John stumbled. A shudder went through left hand and he tucked it between the counter and his bum. "I suppose I just have never thought of it in that way."
It was then that he got his brilliant idea.
"What happened?" Molly asked, worriedly.
"And how is she supposed to learn if not from books?" At first, it felt strange to speak to Sherlock in such a dissenting way, but the Prince seemed to relish in it, for he took John by the shoulder to speak to him. Like an old friend.
It was the first time in his adult life that he had truly been himself. And as a result, it had turned disastrous.
"Hello Captain." Sherlock finally said, not betraying even a whisper of their familiarity with the High Steward present. But he hoped that John saw the delight in his eyes. Hoped he felt the gratefulness that radiated from him.
The West fork, when one crossed the West lower river, led the traveller to St. Bartholomew's Church which stood unassuming with its dark stone walls and overfull cemetery.
"You've no idea what you look like. Do you?" Sherlock asked, still feeling his heart pounding in his chest from their chaste kiss.
In his panic, he had not noticed when the other villagers had begun to fall to their knees like the soldier.
Instead, a prickly sort of feeling thrummed up the back of John's neck just as his eyes became locked with the penetrating gray gaze of a young man sitting at a booth in the front corner of the room, which placed him at John's rear left. His seat was offset enough to just show him at the very edge of the mirror, but his intense stare seemed to have taken up all the space in the room.
"John-"
She had been trying to help with the blueing of John's armour (a process used to slow the steel's rusting), but had been taken ransom by the little red calf who had sat down across her lap and had demanded to be petted.
John scoffs, then promptly smiles off the somewhat affronted glare their guest gives him. "Long story." He mutters  before turning back.
They tried again later, this time offering their what they would have used as dowries as bribes. And again she refused them.
The crying woman wore a dark, double breasted uniform with a round leather fob hanging from her pocket like a tongue. And with another sweep of his eyes, John spotted the cardinal hulk of a double-decker night bus that she must have been the driver of looming at the far end of the cordoned off perimeter.
"No?" Sherlock's eyebrows stitched so tightly that the little wrinkle John always found so intriguing appeared above his nose. "I got something wrong?"
John's body went immediately rigid, his eyebrows shooting up in disbelief. "Sorry? What!"
It was obvious from the grimace on Sherlock's face that keeping his limbs submerged was physically painful.
"No. Really." Lestrade allowed himself a few huffs of laughter, "it's all about redirection. Whenever my nephew, Sam's his name, whenever he'd start to have a pout or get into stuff he weren't suppose to, my sister'd just redirect him. Make him use that energy towards something else. Helped them both out; cut down on the shouting and kept Sam out of trouble. Well, for the most part anyway. I've tried it on Sherlock a'couple of times and it worked like a charm! I'm not kiddin' you! You should try it."
It was around eight o'clock by the time John got back to the flat, sans hydrochloric acid, as all the shops were closed. But he had taken a few swabs from the office and wrapped them in a rubber glove for his pocket. He'd been held up at work two hours later than expected, reassuring worried mothers that their sniffling children only had the influenza that was beginning to go around and not some terrifying thing they'd found on Google.
No use.
They make a quick stop in the bathroom. Sherlock politely standing outside the curtain as John pisses into the drain of bathtub so that he doesn't have to worry about aiming. And in lieu of having Sherlock actually brush his teeth for him, John decides that a quick rinse with the mouth wash will suffice for now. His tooth is still a bit sore from being messed with but he declines the offer of a co-comedal and claims he doesn't feel he's hurting nearly enough to justify taking them.
Satisfied, though clearly not pleased, the High Steward knocked twice upon the door before fitting a large key into the heavy lock. The thick bolt followed soon after, screeching abominably as it was pulled back from its heavy bracing.
Mycroft leaned back into his seat, relenting against John's ire. "Who my brother chooses to be with is of importance to me, of course. It is well within my right to know when he is being taken advantage of."
John gave him some time, but decided it would do neither of them any good to spend the rest of their afternoon like this. So cautiously, John turned to him and put out a hand to grasp Sherlock's bicep. He let it slide down slowly over his elbow, over the silken fabric of his gown, trying to convey in his touch that he wanted to give comfort and would like Sherlock to come back to him.
He elicited sounds in octaves that John wasn't even aware Sherlock could make. He pressed deeper when Sherlock's body rocked with want. Shushed and reassured when his hand on Sherlock's flushed cock made the man whimper in protest and took it away when he got too close.
"Or you." John added, doing the same. "There is nothing about you I would not understand."
Sherlock laid a heavy eye on him. "Since you so hastily turned down my previous attempt in favour of someone more reprehensibly boring, I'm giving you a second chance to redeem yourself."
Just as the heavy door began to revolve on its hinges, it took flight. And Prince Sherlock Holmes felt that familiar knife of envy as he did every time that bird stepped off and simply flew away.
'or sick from swallowing the water.' John thought to himself, eyes roving to find anything that might be used as a bucket should the need arise.
"Unfortunately for the Oakshot sisters, they dropped said opal during transit, which was immediately eaten by one of the geese. And also unfortunately for them, they did not see which goose /specifically/ ate it."
"Aah!" John bared his throat at the sudden, wet intrusion and Sherlock shifted up to put his whole mouth over the lump of his larynx, lapping at it with the flat of his tongue. John's legs were trapped between both of them, his body writhing. "It's...not...Sherlo--!" He was simultaneously attacking two erogenous zones at once, wanting John to unravel completely in his hands. His soldier. His doctor. His friend, partner, and lover.
His hand stilled as he realized Sherlock had been watching him the entire time from the corner of his eye, and John  flushed profusely with embarrassment. "Sorry." He found it hard to clear his throat, putting all his focus into manipulating a fresh bandage open and getting it on while binning his gloves and cleaning up his mess. "Um, got lost. We'll ah...right. How's that feel? Numb? I certainly do...good...yes." Sherlock's eyebrow raised.
Brother Michael bent and got down upon his knee with a grunt, pulling from his robes the small parcel he had collected at the Cross. He untied the string that bound it, before unfurling his leather roll of vials and removing the one that he had filled with mud. Tying the small bottell back into the string, he handed it up to John. "Give this to Prince Sherlock if you could please John. He'll much appreciate it."
"This is your record book, isn't it?" Sherlock was caught on the idea, unable to stop. "You feel responsible for her death. For all these deaths. That's why you wrote her name down. You ...think you killed her? Why? Her brother killed her for defecting. You had nothing to do with that."
If John hadn't known any better, he'd swear that Mycroft was jealous. "Why are you telling me any of this? Are you trying to put me off?"
"Nevertheless, being naive as I was, I supposed him to be the closest approximation of what I could call a friend. Which occasionally tipped into the 'friend with benefits' category if such an insipid analogy can be used. The only condition was that his father was never to find out. Victor stood to inherit the mass of Victor Senior's private wealth and property upon his death, and should a man who readily dropped the words 'shirt-lifter' and 'poofter' during casual conversation over dinner discover us...well, all would have been lost. Victor was kind to me, in his own way. Callous when it counted. It was good for a time."
holy shit. RL tried to smother me with the election season and a little bout of depression, but i'm back and working on this again. thank you for your patience.
This was Prince Sherlock.
"Unfortunately, I think it was." John admitted.
He cleared his throat. "What I mean to say is that what I said before, about him being a great man with potential, it still applies. And if /anyone/ had even a snowball's chance in Hell at making Sherlock a good man, well, I'd put my money on you, mate. Just know that and forget all the rest. You two have my support, no matter what happens."
"Sherlock?
"In that deduction you did when you brought up this whole brilliant idea of shagging each other? You didn't know what had kept me laid up for a while after Afghanistan. That's what it was called: Acinetobacter baumannii. It's some multi-drug resistant bacteria I picked up somewhere between Bastion and Burmingham.
He stopped dead again, arms screaming, sweat beading his forehead with strain and heat and sickness and FOCUS. Needing Sherlock to see. To hear him.
Sherlock took a step closer, as if to try and replace the warmth of what he had stripped. "Alright?" He whispered against John's naked shoulder. The heat of him, standing so close, but not quite touching, made John's breath catch. "Yes."
He braced himself in a wide stance so as not to slip, groping for his almond soap on the trolley outside the curtain and began to lather himself efficiently beneath the sluice of liquid heaven from top to bottom. He shampooed his hair with a few firm scrubs, and after a quick wash of his shoulders and sides, chest and belly, he slowed down as he reached the glued mess of his pubic hair, having to work a little more methodically.
"I did go mad." He confessed, "for a bit." But he didn't want to talk about it, so instead he turned his face into John's palm and kissed it, out of gratitude, out of love. He felt safe in John's touch, knowing that his hands would never stray anywhere on his body without his permission. "That's what got me my lab."
Finding a cooperative rhythm between the two of them, John pressed down as Sherlock threaded in, corkscrewing wildly into the smooth, taut entrance for as long as John could stand, and then allowing John to retreat from the penetration, but never fully away from his wet touch.
He shook his head in disbelief, turning to Sherlock and finally opening thundercloud eyes that were glittering with unshed tears. "You were right, the other day, when you guessed about the trajectory...it was too much for the rifle they were shooting us with."
And damn him for suddenly deciding NOW to be so bloody observant, but John couldn't help but notice the two proud pricks of erect nipples standing out on his chest through that tight purple shirt to go along with that unmistakable bulge.
But as it was, being the wellspring of information was awfully nice too.
Mrs. Hudson smiled with some trepidation in her eyes, sighing. "Oh yes. He's only recently gotten off them. A couple of months before you two met up. That's why he's so thin, I think." She put a veiny hand over John's, giving it a squeeze with her eyes beginning to water. "You have to keep him right, John. I know he's not your responsibility, but I love Sherlock very much and if anyone can get through to him, I think it will be you. Just the /idea/ that he could possibly go back to those awful, awful things again...oh my, it would just break my heart."
"NOT ANYMORE!" And with that, John slammed the door behind him.
But it wasn't going to happen like that. Like always.
"I assumed with you being a medical man you would appreciate full disclosure."
Unstoppering his bottell, he took a generous swig of ale and wrung a hand down his full beard to clear away any lingering drops. Dark blue eyes scanning the roll of land around him with his heart still heavy but his mind hopeful.
Miles nodded acceptably, the seriousness in his demeanor lifting a little as his eyes left the crystal bar and looked back at John with a soft smile. He raised his glass in toast. "Cheers then David. To old friends."
Sherlock inhaled to respond, but John leaned forward and took his breath away.
But it had also been far easier when the man he was sucking was as hard and throbbing as John had been.
And John couldn't answer.
What he'd been mistaking for a rock, was in fact, a severed head.
"What? What view?" It took John a minute to realize what he'd meant. "Sherlock! Don't stare at it." He tried to cover himself with his hand, which Sherlock easily batted away, grasping his ankles to keep him from dropping his legs.
Truthfully, it wasn't the words or that they were spoken in the conspiratorial manner that tripped John's revelation. It was the /wink/. That innocuous little motion that had once left a more battered John tilting bereft on his cane in the middle of St. Bart's lab. Blinking at a door where a certain madman had slipped out having disseminated his life through his stance and phone. Back when John had had no idea about just what kind of trouble he was getting himself into. Such dangerous, wonderful trouble.
"Like explaining why you were acting like such berk tonight?" John dove in with both feet and expertly sucked up a noodle. Emboldened by sating his basic needs. Food, warmth, companionship.
Sherlock leaned over the bar and ordered a complicated drink involving four words that shouldn't have gone together, which required the bartender to drip olive oil into a gin and vermouth laden cocktail glass using a pipette and adding (inexplicably) an egg's viscous glaire. After that, Sherlock ordered something involving truffles for John. It was only a partial surprise when Sherlock requested it all to be put upon an open tab, meaning either it was going to be a long night or he was placating John in his wariness.
John took a sharp inhale, as if being sprayed by blood once more and came back to himself with a shock, realizing what he had just confessed. It had been the darkest choice he had ever made and he hadn't even been brave enough to see it through.
Begging. Sherlock Holmes was /begging/ him.
His ultimate goal was that by the end of next Autumn, the bird could be trained to fetch small articles and bring them back to him. Perhaps, in time, even have the ability to collect soil samples with the aid of a small glass vial attached to its leg. And if that experiment proved successful, he could figure out how to entreat a larger bird to visit him, a crow perhaps, which would be able to fetch him larger and heavier things.
"Absolutely. If you'll just give us a moment, Ygritte will catch me up on everything and we'll get started." And with that, he and Ygritte disappeared out the door to talk.
"If you're sure..." John muttered finally, but drowsily went back to snogging.
CHAPTER (twa) TWO
"Again."
Mycroft smiled dangerously in agreement. "Lucky for you, I see nothing glaring which should preclude you from pursuing your mutual interests. I have made the documents available to Sherlock, of course, should he wish to confirm any suspicions. I hope that is not an inconvenience."
Kissed near to the point of asphyxiation, John finally loosed his grip on Sherlock's face and let him roam down slowly. Leaving one small hand cradled beneath the jut of his jaw. Not guiding, or forcing, or leading. Simply /holding/. Keeping.
"Really." John's voice cracks a bit.
"The Jolly Bulldog?" John parroted back. "Is that a restaurant?"
Instead of being relieved, John's brows creased down in further concern. "Did you drug all the food they brought you?"
When brother Michael seemed to want more from him, John set his mind to it and when he recalled how he had been required to kneel upon the floor in his heavy armour for so long it had made his bones ache, it helped to bring the words back to his memory: "I made a promise to be faithful and loyal to King Mycroft and to be guided by the ideals of the Sovereign Realm of Appledore...uh...to do everything in my power to contribute to its Glory, Protection, Prosperity, Support and Utility. I think, never to act contrary to its Dignity, but to conduct myself always as a true Knight of Appledore, to be a good person of Honour. There's more, much more, but I can't recall it...I apologize."
Sherlock spoke into his hair, breathing in deeply, as if he couldn't get enough. "If you're going to insist on keeping a list of the people you have killed John Watson, you can, if only for the sake of dichotomy, begin to keep a list for the people you have saved."
"Laxatives. An enema. PhosphodiaaaAAAAH! -sterase number 5 inhibitor." Came the strained answers. "In that order."
John knows the answer before Sherlock even speaks it. "He's dead. Let them clean up their own garbage."
Unfathomably, John's cock gave a suggestive twitch and he couldn't stop his quiet snort in disbelief.
He /was/ safe.
Sherlock finally turned away from John then, hesitating as if it were almost a physical separation between the two of them. Making to walk out the door. Mrs. Hudson flitted aside at the swirling coat. "If that's to be your answer John, I understand. I am amenable to--"
Everything felt like a dream.
"Is there a problem?"
"Yes. Home. I can hold onto this one while we walk," Sherlock assures him, gingerly touching his right arm, "but I'll have to tie up the other one. Hold on." Judiciously, he's whipping off his scarf and tying the ends together to create a loop, infinitely careful as he slides it over John's neck and maneuvers his relocated arm into the makeshift sling.
"I think a dream is just a dream." John decided finally.
"Oh I don't think I'm suited for anything more distinguished than a professor. Especially when it means I can't go splashing about a creek and get paid for it." John pointed out.
"It was the house." Sherlock guessed.
"Ah, good. Then I may offer you a glass of wine and not incriminate myself." Mary said with a little grin. Sherlock breathed something of a sigh of a relief, but nodded his head with a smile.
"Oh it's just my father, he was an impossible man. Unreasonable, abusive, a drunkard most times. And my mother hated me, she hated me from the moment I was born and I really can't say why. My sister ran away at the age of thirteen, and I had suffer there until I could finally just get out. Went to college, paid for it myself, and moved over here just as soon as I could find a spot for myself." John grumbled. Sherlock was quiet for a moment, letting his head hang in regret as he listened to John's tragic backstory.
"I suppose it depends on how many old houses you own." John shrugged. A quick smile passed over the boy's lips, a smile that John had never seen before...yet one which affected him like nothing he had ever seen. It was a smile that warmed him to the bone, something that gave light to his dark heart, something that made his heavy feet feel as though they could fly... He took a quick inhale of breath, shaking out images in his mind, of that vulnerable man standing up against the bedpost, that man with the same face, and body. Yet how,
"Won't your wife understand?" Sherlock wondered.
Sherlock decided at last, wincing a bit at the rather demeaning title.
"You always did have such a low opinion of graduate students." John teased.
"A boy." John announced quietly, huddling the little thing into a white blanket and trying to wipe off the blood from its small and rather disgusting face. Sherlock had never seen a baby before, though this one proved to be quite startling. It looked more alien than the rest of them, slimy and red, without any trace of humanity in its small and toothless features.
"Do you think you had all this back then?" Sherlock asked finally, looking towards Rosie as she crawled about on the carpet. John sighed heavily, taking a sip of his wine but sighing in a defeated sort of way.
"I can move over, if you really want to sit." Sherlock offered, squishing himself up against the armrest of the coach and offering John a whole separate cushion.
"My roommate was being a complete jerk last night." He said at last. "He hosted some sort of party, I hardly slept a wink."
"Oh we were so ever grateful to have you." John said with a little grin. "I'm sure everyone was grateful to have you."
"I've got great news, Sherlock. They've invented the telephone!" John exclaimed.
"It's that time already?" Greg asked with a little sigh.
"Isn't that fancy? A whole new house- you could have two families then! One of them would have to know, of course, but you can just tell the other that you're going on a holiday and scamper on to your new wife, in your new house, whenever you get bored of the first." Greg suggested with a grin.
"You're following?" Sherlock clarified, obviously noticing now John's rather glassy stare.
"I've seen this, I just don't know when." He admitted quietly. John hesitated, his mind immediately jumping now to the man in his house. Well if this stranger had seen the key, perhaps he really had been sneaking around! Yet just as soon as the idea came to John's mind, he disregarded it. Once again, he was letting his own delusions get the better of him.
Uncle Sam." Mary corrected quickly. John sighed heavily, shaking his head and grabbing his hat from the hook where it usually sat. He anticipated there might be a bunch of digging about through the less desirable parts of the house, those that he hadn't dared explore until now. He didn't know if there was an attic, yet there was most certainly a basement, and who knew what was down there? He had boots on, just in case there was any water to be stepping through, yet all the same he had dressed himself sharply and properly. He didn't want to be caught looking a mess, even if it was a mess he had to wallow through.
"I don't know who he is, only that he seemed to be important in the grand scheme of things. I think it might be worth it to do some digging." Sherlock suggested finally.
"Well you're just interested in it, who wouldn't be? It's a great big house, beautiful thing really." Mary assured.
My heart might very well have stopped as my eyes scanned that letter, and it took quite a couple of tries so that I could finally finish the thing with breath still kept in my lungs. I could hardly believe what I was reading, a note which seemed so obscure it might very well have been written for some sort of cruel joke! Was this Holmes's way of punishing me for my curiosity, by laying fake documents around to startle me in such a way? Yet the letter appeared to be genuine, the creases were folded very poorly, yet very accurately so that they were beginning to tear, as if the thing had been opened and closed many a time in its duration. And the handwriting, well of course Holmes could feign a hand should it be of use to him, yet why would he go through the trouble...
"You're changing the subject. What's in that letter?" Sherlock demanded, getting to his feet. John panicked for a moment, starting now to shove the envelope into his pocket, shaking his head again and trying to force a calm smile onto his face. How was he to disregard this thing as useless, now that Sherlock had detected his lies?
"Eloping then?" Reggie presumed.
"Do you think this was your room?" John asked curiously, for of course he only had solid evidence that one other man had ever lived here. If it was not John's room, then it must be Sherlock's.
"Well then I suppose I can live without our cafeteria's lovely selection." Sherlock muttered, nodding his head for obviously he realized he had no choice in the matter. Now that he was properly well rested, he was surely too polite to refuse. John nodded, bringing the phone back to his ear.
"Professor, I really must be going to class." Sherlock said finally, his hands trembling just a little bit as he handed the picture frame over to John. The man sighed heavily, feeling almost as if he had no right to take it. He felt as though Sherlock owned that picture, simply because Sherlock was the one depicted in it. Yet all the same, well he felt a certain protectiveness over it as well. It may not belong to him, but then again it was his all the same. It was his to cherish. And so John took it, nodding stiffly, hesitantly, for he didn't think that it was yet Sherlock's time to walk out of his life.
"It's fine, just old boxes and furniture." John assured. Sherlock nodded, finally arriving at John's shoulder and standing quite close, as if he was looking for protection.
"Oh, well he noticed that I liked it, you know? And we couldn't have that. Not even for the honor of getting all the way to the top. No, he'd sacrifice any high honor just to ensure that I was miserable." John groaned, clenching his fists against the carpet and staring into the now roaring fire. He felt a burst of anger bubble up inside of his chest, an anger that he had not felt for years, yet one which was so startlingly familiar all the same.
"So you're a chemist, then?" Mary presumed.
"No I don't, I can't have it. That was never supposed to happen." John said flatly.
"Good." John nodded, looking up towards Sherlock yet suddenly finding it rather difficult to look him in the eyes. It was hard to look at him, and try to keep his enthusiasm under control. Although he knew that excitement wasn't something to be ashamed of, all the same he felt a little awkward. He felt almost childish, feeling as though he was about to jump for joy after having found a suitable playmate.
"That's upsetting." John admitted quietly.
"Yes. I do suppose that would be cruel." John agreed finally.
"You knew?" Sherlock presumed, sounding a little bit apprehensive but relieved all the same. Perhaps he thought that John's preparation would have lessened the blow. He was wrong, for at the moment John felt that breaths were coming quite difficulty, and his expression must have at least displayed some sort of worry.
"Of course." Sherlock agreed with a smile.
"Then again, Professor, sometimes things just don't make sense." Sherlock murmured, stopped right next to John yet not looking him in the eyes. And with that he passed into the hallway, blinking as if clearing his head, and starting down in the direction he had been heading before. Walking swiftly, and fast enough so that when John went to close the door, the boy had disappeared from his sight all together.
"Well you agree of course that such words were not my own?" John insisted.
"It would seem as though I kept it." Sherlock finished finally, his voice dropping down an octave fearfully.
"I was out researching, with a student of mine. I'm sorry; we've been in the woods this whole time. I suppose I was just out of range, I hadn't thought to check the time until it was too late." John admitted with a sigh.
"And I'm telling you that you're not. I've got to talk to you, come on Sherlock." John growled.
"Was it all run down then?" Greg presumed with a sad little frown.
"No, not partying! I was too busy wringing earplugs into my ears, so as to avoid their yelling. And then in regular intervals he'd come up and try to get me to join." Sherlock groaned. "I think he fancies me."
"Which you're actually able to provide her with!" Mary defended, yet all the same once Rosie's crying died down, her anger seemed to fade away as well. She was just tired, John could see it in her heavy eyes, and she didn't have the energy to be mad at her husband right now. "Oh I'm sorry John, I'm just exhausted. I'm not in my right mind." Mary said finally, shaking her head and walking over to sit next to John on the couch. He had the slightest urge to hide his drawing from her, to tuck it away where she couldn't see it, however he was too late. Just as soon as he got the idea that Mary shouldn't see the man's face she made a little noise of confusion, craning her neck to get a better look at the face that was drawn.
"No, God don't read that." John grumbled.
"That wasn't me! God it wasn't me, it was something else, some other influence. You know that I'd never actually say stuff like that! You know that I'd never disrespect you! I of all people know that our past lives don't reflect our current ones. I of all people know that." John insisted in a whine. Sherlock hesitated, his resistance dropping for just a moment as he considered what John was saying. Yet that resistance alone made it clear that he was willing to cooperate. That made it clear that he was at least willing to hear what John had to say.
"I'll be at your office hours, professor. But I've got to get to class." Sherlock insisted, giving a great tug of his arm and pulling himself away from John's grip. The professor nodded, deciding that he probably couldn't do better than that. And so he allowed Sherlock to walk away, in the end he decided that there was no more arguing with him, not after a reasonable agreement had been made.
and decide whether or not it would be worth it. He wasn't outed yet, and to go in for testing would be to admit it all. Victor should've been there to console him; it would've been the proper thing to do! And yet Sherlock had been alone, he had to make this fateful choice all by himself. And so he didn't let that happen to John, no he would be mature about this; he would fess up to his mistakes and look John right in the eyes. For this had been his fault, if John had contracted the disease it would be Sherlock's fault, for it was no doubt that John had not been planning that night to escalate as it did. Only a week ago, and yet they had no contact since then, not even a glance in the hallway, not even a little phone call to check in. This would be the first time Sherlock saw John Watson after he had stumbled out of his car and into the darkness, the first time since John had driven away in some sort of panicked state. And yes, that had certainly been an interesting night, and yet Sherlock didn't deserve to be abandoned in that way! He had only done what he had wanted to do, what John wanted to do! It had been consensual, and so it wasn't his entire fault if John tested positive. It had honestly been a joint effort. So Sherlock drove to the Watson household, thankful that he knew the way even after only having seen it once or twice. It was a cheerful little house, no doubt holding secrets behind its baby blue shingles and its cute white shutters. It was a perfect example of an average middle class family, one daughter, one son. John Watson was a star at most everything he did, he wasn't just average, he was extraordinary. He was brilliant in the classroom and astonishing on the sports pitch, he was a gifted athlete, a beautiful boy...and he might be dying. He might be dying. How Sherlock had found himself in John's car in the first place all seemed to be something of an accident, it wasn't like they knew each other very well, it wasn't like they were meant to be together. Sure, Sherlock would love it if they were bound to be soulmates and yet he knew that was never going to happen. John had a girlfriend, a very dedicated and beautiful one at that, and to admit that he had an affair with scrawny little Sherlock Holmes would be destructive to his social status and his communal reputation. And yet it had happened, he hadn't fought back, he escalated the whole ordeal, and so Sherlock was not solely to blame, he wasn't! And yet he felt as though the weight of the world was on his back as he pulled up to the curb, steadying himself on the wheel and taking deep, heaving breaths. He was so worried about the fate of John Watson that he hadn't even taken the time to process his own disease; he hadn't taken the time to realize that the very thing that might kill John Watson was positively harbored inside of himself. It would kill him eventually, there was no cure...there was no stopping it. And yet it wouldn't be a tragedy, oh of course he would be mourned by his family, and yet it wasn't like he was some sort of pillar of the community. He was just him; he was a face in the crowd, a shadow at the back of the room, a one hundred percent on the test and a pencil wagging in the back corner desk. He hadn't any friends, not even accomplices, for Victor really didn't count. That boy had never been interested in friendship, and when the thrill of the love was beginning to die he had left, just as he had done with countless others, no doubt. And John, well he couldn't be counted as a friend, more of a...well a boy. John was a mere factor in Sherlock's life, a mere night that when counted up against all the lonely nights seemed to be rather insignificant. They knew each other from class, that was all, and of course Sherlock had always harbored the same love for him as all the rest of the girls in the school, the same sort of hopeless longing that was understood by the masses. He never thought it would happen, he never thought that maybe there was a chance that he would find himself not only with John...but alone. He wasn't a friend, he wasn't an acquaintance, he was a quick lean, a touch and a kiss and a breath that just turned into too much! And what was worse, Sherlock didn't regret it. No not one bit, he could die, John could die, that night may have meant nothing but it meant
"You didn't have to be on that plane," Sherlock hissed, eyes wet. "You could have been..been..alive. You would be here. Being my...insufferable big brother who teases me, and deduces with me. My big brother who knows everything, who's smarter than me. Well you're gone now. Who do you think could possibly replace your pompous posh arseface who has me followed? Nobody. That's who. And now look where you are. Six feet into the bloody ground. You arent' alive. And I wish...I wish that you were."
Then John pressed answer.
John had dealt with many cases of grief over the years. Many who had just lost a loved one would choose to push their emotion down and remain strong, or some would automatically seek and accept comfort from their friends and family. But to tell the truth, there was no one way to deal with grief. There was no specific way one would show their sadness or sorrow. It was all different, like a variety of emotions, each of them none the same from the other.
Of course, Sherlock would find out. He always did.
But Sherlock still hadn't said anything. And finally, he reached up into his hair again, his fingers playing at his curls.
The words came out before Sherlock could think, and he wanted to grab himself and stop himself before he could say another word. But it was already far too late.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, wrapping his scarf tighter around himself and stuffing his gloved hands underneath his arms.
Sherlock set down the tray carefully on John's lap. "You," Sherlock said softly, looking into his eyes. "It's always been you."
“Sherlock Holmes, I’m warning you--”
Sherlock looked at him, and John looked back in shock. He stepped down from the door sill, closing Harry’s door behind him.
"You sure you want this?" John asked, because it had to be asked. "It's just, you've never shown..."
"Not good?" Sherlock asked, worry in his voice, and John shook his head.
Finally, John pulled away, chuckling softly on Sherlock's parted mouth.
John had heard of him before.
There are five stages of grief.
"Right," John said. "Okay. You're right."
As John continued to measure and cut at Sherlock's curls, John couldn't keep himself from imagining combing his fingers into his mane while they kissed, passionately and deeply. And it would be at that time that Sherlock was aware, and he would be kissing back, and it would be spectacular.
It was silent after that, the two men just scrubbing the floor as efficiently as possible, trying to get the sticky frosting out of the pathway.
The cold air slapped Sherlock in the face as he opened the door, and Sherlock could only lift a hand against the strong wind as he made his way down Baker Street.
"Such as?"
It was one of the most difficult barber jobs that John had had to do. His hands were shaking, quite nervous for some reason in front of the Major. And usually, John was happy to give abundant conversation to his fellow soldiers and clients, but this time was different. He barely said two real words to the man, and whenever he did, his words were merely stutters.
Sherlock stalked over to the couch and flopped his entire body down on the cushions.
Not this time.
The next day, Sherlock opened the folder again. Read through it again. Made it to fifteen minutes before flipping it shut. He took notes on what he noticed.
“Oi! Get a room!”
"Right, yeah, I know," John exhaled. "It was a mistake. That was extremely and thoroughly inappropriate."
"Well, that's not new."
John smiled at the memories, and he allowed his hands to graze over the silver of the tools.
It was the first Christmas after Mary had left John, and had taken her ex-boyfriend (now current) David's baby with her. All that remained of her was the painful bullet scar on Sherlock's chest and an obvious deep pit of regret in John's.
His heart still pounding, Sherlock took the phone from his pocket and flipped it open, and took the chance to walk across the room and as far away from John as possible.
“But I love him. So much,” said John. “Always have.”
"No, this is Doctor John Watson," he said. "Can I take a message?"
John shut his book with a snap, and he stood up, stretching his torso and arms, and released himself with a loud sigh.
After John nodded, Sherlock's eyebrows raised slightly and pinched together, as if unsure of what to do with that information.
As he followed Sherlock out into the hall, he closed Rosies door softly behind him. When John turned around again, Sherlock’s deep gaze was on him. John could feel himself sweat underneath the heat it gave him.
John sighed as Sherlock said that, and he buried his face in his hands. The grin was gone.
Neither John or Sherlock talked about their converstation, their revealing
“Sherlock, answer her,” John said, his voice soft. “Why are you here?”
An annoying fly had come in at some point, and it now perched itself on Sherlock's forehead, its wings caught in the man's dark bangs. In a second, it flew away to buzz around the room.
"Goodnight, Sherlock," John finally said, and he stood up from the couch, and went to bed.
Sherlock was mourning, yes. He must have felt it become too much. What he did was wrong. After all, how much justification can grief really give a person? Should John be mad? Probably. Should John be forgiving? Understanding? Maybe. It goes two different ways. It's difficult to tell.
The tea kettle whistled, and Sherlock turned away from John's eyes to tend to his drink.
John walked over to the side of a random tent and smoothly snatched away a small wooden stool. He knew that nobody would miss it, and it would be perfect for his client to sit on while John did his job.
After grabbing a biscuit from the pantry, John went back to his chair, and he sat down once again.
"Not bad, Johnny," said Danny. "Not bad at all."
"He sounds like a caring brother," John said softly.
John swallowed thickly and nodded.
John was already wide awake. "Please," John said. "God Sherlock. You look terrible."
Sherlock came out of the bathroom, a confused expression on his face, and John pretended to look over his hair.
And no matter what it was they were doing, both John and Sherlock made it a point to go to Mycroft's grave every Wednesday to change out the flowers. Sherlock always said a few words. Sometimes they were angry. Sometimes they were joking. Sometimes Sherlock just stuck with the words, "I miss you, you prat." It all depended.
about John, something that made Sherlock feel inexplicably drawn to him. And Sherlock dared to think that John felt the same way.
The entire thing was like a dream. They wheeled Sherlock into a room to have his stomach pumped. To get it out of his system. To get him rest. It was all a blur, and John had no idea what to do or what to think.
Then John immediately lunged forward and caught Sherlock in his arms, and Sherlock immediately grasped at the back of John's neck, stumbling on his feet, trying to keep from falling to the ground. John's arms held him tightly.
John gave an amused, and rather affectionate, scoff at the man, and he turned to his book.
Yeah, well, I'm in love with you, so that makes our circumstances a bit different. John thought, but didn't dare say that out loud. That would qualify as insensitive. A Bit Not Good. Not to mention much too revealing.
The Major looked up at him, his brown eyes meeting John's, and the man visibly gulped. John held his gaze for a second, and consciously licked his lip.
"Thank you," Sherlock said awkwardly, not quite knowing what else to say.
But then Sherlock's phone chimed, and Sherlock pulled his phone out from his pocket. A text had appeared on the screen. A text from Lestrade.
As soon as Danny sat down on the stool, John went right to work. His young body permitted his fingers to move quickly and precisely, and he was quick in reaching his combs and scissors again and again.
Although as John thought more about it, his smile grew more and more.
Sherlock's unmistakable figure was standing at the doorway, slouched, exhausted. John knew Sherlock hadn't slept in weeks, and when he did, Sherlock would have nightmares and scream out so loudly that he'd wake up Mrs. Hudson and John.
"Um, I'm not sure," John said, in a voice that even he knew was unconvincing. "Let me see."
"So where do you want to go?" John asked. "There are shops at the corner over here. We can grab a coffee or something. Warm ourselves up."
Sherlock looked up into John's eyes, bloodshot red, his beautful colorful orbs clouded by sadness and tears and mourning.
And then Sherlock leaned forward and pressed chaste a kiss to John's lips, and it was sweet and calm, and it was full of promises and apologies. Of new understandings. Of love.
Sherlock quickly turned away from John, his body heating up with jealousy, and he could feel his heart sink. He stood facing the window overlooking Baker Street, where the snow was coming down hard, covering the entire road with a thick layer of white.
John gulped. Wrapped his arm tighter around Sherlock.
“Sherlock Holmes. You’re not welcome here.”
They kissed for ages, well into the night. When they finally pulled away, they smiled. Turned over. Went to bed.
"I-I love you," Sherlock blurted and then exhaled breath on John's shocked face. "I've wanted to tell you for so long and I-"
"Are you all right?" John asked.
And once Sherlock's eyes were on his, it was as if someone had squeezed John's heart so that it skipped a beat, sending ripples of emotion tumbling around his body. It was a surreal feeling, one that John had never experienced before.
After a moment, John shrugged his shoulders in reluctant acceptance. There was really not much that he could lose.
"Well," said Major James Sholto at last. "Thank you, solider, for...for..."
"Freak. That's all he is to you, right?" John asked. "Well this freak was the only chance you had at solving whatever problem you had."
After several moments of standing there holding each other, John tilted his head and whispered on Sherlock’s mouth.
“Happy New Year, Sherlock.”
Their bellies lay on top of each other, their bare erections touching with no other agenda, and the intimacy of that moment was absolutely startling.
"Well if you're not hungry, you can just say so," John said. Still nothing. "Or if you want me to make something else, that's fine, too. Just let me know."
When they broke apart, their faces lingered close to each other's, and their smiles spreading across their cheeks.
Sherlock didn't say anything. Of course he wouldn't. Instead, he stepped on the escalator leading to the higher floor, expecting John to follow him.
"Did my hair get shorter?" Sherlock asked from the bathroom, and John's head snapped up in panic.
Harry started singing first, and then Greg followed, in singing “Auld Lang Syne” at the top of their lungs. The rest of the guests immediately joined in, swaying to the music.
The dash between the birth and death date struck John like a knife more than anything. It was Mycroft's entire life, shortened down to just one line. It was almost poetic how meaningful Mycroft had somehow made that one little dash. That one little dash that represented Mycroft's years of life.
," said Sherlock. "John Watson."
When John had told Sherlock the news in the flat, standing above the kitchen table, Sherlock did not speak for a total of three and a half minutes. Sherlock had been calculating, thinking, trying to will his internal walls to remain upright, trying to find the most logical response to such news.
John couldn’t help but swallow again, nervousness creeping into his stomach.
“Getting a cab,” Sherlock snarked. “What do you think?”
Sherlock inhaled then. Softly. "I'm ready to leave now," he eventually said. He looked down at John. Met his eyes. "Let's go. I think I need...a coffee."
After half a minute had passed, John moved to look at Sherlock again and was shocked to see that Sherlock was already looking at him.
did you get on that plane?"
Hours later, after the case, John opened the door into the flat, shaking his head in disbelief.
But now it was over. Now John was here with Sherlock in his arms. And while they were not together formally, while they hadn't kissed or shagged, the feeling was there. John knew it, and he knew Sherlock knew it, too.
"That's right," John continued. "I met him when he took me on a case. His deduction skills? They're very impressive. But I suppose you didn't think so, did you?"
“I’m sorry what?” John asked.
over your own little sister?"
It was wrong. It was so wrong.
Suddenly, everything was very quiet, and time seemed to slow down. John visibly gulped, his Adam's apple nervously bobbing as he stared down intensely into Sherlock's eyes.
"Wait a second," John said, shifting in his seat. "You're actually sorry that we didn't get the bloody money? That's your main worry here? I thought you didn't care about money!"
The funeral was small and quaint, just like Mycroft would have wanted it, probably. He loved to act like he was drawn to things with style, but it was also no secret that he would not want any attention or for people to mourn for him when he was gone. That was just Mycroft's way.
Light streamed in, spreading across the floor, and into John's eyes. John blinked blearily, and he looked up to see who was at his bedroom door.
The Major looked at John and gave him a soft smile, one that John couldn't help but return. He stood up from his chair, and walked over to the entrance of John's tent.
John leaned his head down, touching his forehead to Sherlock's. "I'm not going to leave you," John said softly. "I'm here, Sherlock. Please, talk to me. Okay? Just talk to me. I'm not going to leave you. I'm going to stay right here. I'll sleep here next to you if I need to. Okay? You understand me? I need you to say you understand."
"Your mate Samuel informed me that you've got expertise in cutting hair?" Danny said, and John could feel himself grimace.
John nodded. He rubbed his hand up and down Sherlock's arm. "Okay," he said. "Okay."
John cut him off by pressing an open-mouthed kiss to Sherlock's lips, his tongue licking on the underside of Sherlock's, and exhaled blissfully into his mouth. Sherlock kissed back fervently, desperately, joyfully, pressing his hands into John's naked back so hard it created wrinkles.
"I know," Sherlock said, then turned over, and fell asleep. And that was the end of it.
It wasn't until John had to brush Sherlock's hair away to the side with his fingers that their eyes finally met.
"Quite frankly, I don't remember half of what I said," John replied. "I think I blacked out a bit, honestly."
“Shut up, Sherlock.”
Sherlock walked closer to John, trying to gauge his flatmate’s expressions. The snow fell around them like a flurry of ice, surrounding them until they were the only ones left in the world.
Then suddenly, Sherlock was kneeling down on the floor with John, pressing a wet towel in a helpful attempt to mop up the mess.
"Oh. Oh, really?" Sebastian asked, faltering a bit.
John's mouth fell open. His throat felt dangerously dry, but he still somehow found the strength to reply.
"You shouldn't have done that."
Sherlock's eyes dropped to his lap and pressed his lips together, not saying anything in response. He looked almost disappointed.
Then that's when the phone rang. It wasn't the house phone. It was Sherlock's cell phone, buried deep into his pocket, the ringer loud enough for John to hear across the room, where he was trying to type up their latest case on his blog. The sound was just shrill enough for John to lose his concentration, and he had stood up and crossed the room to tell Sherlock to get off the microscope answer it already.
"Hey," John said softly, gazing at him. "You know I'm always here for you, right?"
“So you do—"
With tears suddenly brimming John’s eyes, he left his daughter’s room.
"Our Christmas party?"
Then that was when it happened. A nerve-wracking sob shook Sherlock's body, bending him over at the stomach, and Sherlock cried out in agony, nearly falling from the couch. John immediately reached out and caught him in his arms, pulling Sherlock close to his body. With his free hand, John muted the movie, and he tugged Sherlock close to his chest.
“Save it for New Year’s, John,” Sherlock scolded, but his face was wide with a smile, his eyes shining like the Christmas lights in front of them.
“Sherlock--”
"Stay," Sherlock murmured against John's mouth. "Please."
John furled his fists. Sherlock's knees collapsed to the ground. There was not a tear on his face.
John saw a front desk immediately upon arriving, and Sherlock strode up to the receptionist, his face completely passive.
Sherlock's arms closed tightly around John's hips, and he pulled him close to his chest, and John wrapped his arms tighter around Sherlock's neck, trying desperately to get close. John could feel the lust take over, hormones crazed and overloaded.
The banker was looking at John now, and immediately, the doctor's instincts kicked in faster than the bullet had when it had shot him through the shoulder.
John sat stunned for a moment. "Yes," John responded, and he was surprised to learn that his voice too had deepened. "Oh, God yes."
Like snipping away at Major Sholto's hair, and kneeling down close to him so John could check his work.
Weeks later, on another rainy night, John was sleeping in his bed when he was woken up with the soft creak of his door.
Then two months had passed since Mycroft had died. Sherlock finally picked up a cold case folder, flipped it open, and stared reading. Then in the next second, Sherlock closed it. Tossed it aside. Well. Progress was progress.
But then in the next moment, their trance was broken as an officer burst into the camp, yelling for lights out. It made both Sholto and John jump, and then they couldn't help but look at each other in embarrassment.
John was so lost in his thoughts that he jumped out of his skin when Rosie’s door opened.
John pulled out his cell phone. Dialled 999.
He was in love with John Watson
"But you do."
"Sebastian."
John went back out to the living room, where Sherlock still hadn't moved an inch.
Nothing.
Then Lestrade would pat John on the shoulder, give him a wave, and he'd be on his way.
Sherlock stilled for a second, as if in shock. "You mean, you want..."
Sherlock laughed too, grabbing onto John’s hand, and feeling incandescently happy.
The address number glowed on a big red door, decorated with just a simple wreath and ornaments that complemented the otherwise bland object.
“HAPPY NEW YEAR!!”
So John kept his eyes on Sherlock's, as if daring him to make that move, to close that last bit of distance between them. Sherlock squeezed John's hand. Asking for affirmation.
"You want to play that game you did back at uni, back when you played your tricks, go ahead." Sebastian was seething. "But don't come here in a place of business, and tell me who I am or what I think. I do that on my own. So if you want to be that same old
Oh god. That was it.
John gritted his teeth. “Where is all of this coming from?”
“Impossible, John, especially since I’m tall enough to hang you on the bloody Christmas tree.”
Since Mycroft had died, Sherlock had picked up his violin a total of five times. He would often scratch out harsh notes from the strings, sometimes sharp enough to leave John's ears ringing. Nobody stopped him, though. How could they?
In a rush, the two jumped up, their hands unable to leave each other's bodies. They dragged each other to the bedroom, John's heart beating wildly in his chest.
The morning light flooded through the windows, and shined through John's eyelids, waking him up. John blinked rapidly at the sudden light, and he looked around the room.
The icing cap suddenly broke beneath John's hands and the tube squeezed, making the contents spill all over the table and just-finished cookies.
As soon as Sherlock had entered, John grinned brightly. "Oh. Good morning."
Then he found it.
Sherlock didn't respond. He cried softly, broken sobs in his throat, his body wracking itself. It was like he was having a small seizure.
“No, Rosie,” said Sherlock in the softest voice that he could possibly use. “This letter’s supposed to go over here.”
The next morning, around two and a half months after Mycroft's death, John and Sherlock were both up early. They walked around London together, watching the sunrise over the buildings and into the sky. The bright orange and pinks mixing into the blue was enthralling. Beautful.
John blinked a couple times in surprise. "You...want to watch me cut your hair?" he asked. "Why?"
Sherlock's thin fingers crawled across the armrest toward John's and simply laced his fingers into his hand. John's body twitched in surprise as the warm skin wrapped around his hand, but he didn't dare move away. Not from this.
"Like...like I know that you like to have your head rubbed every night before going to sleep. And you know that I always sleep on my side but I'll always wake up on my back."
Immediately, John did not like him. He had met many types of men in the army during his missions, and this was a type of man that was the scum of the earth. After a long while of serving, John could spot the type from any distance.
“SEVEN! SIX!”
“I said,” Sherlock repeated softly. “I’m in love with you. John. Watson.”
Unlike John, his flatmate's demeanor was not nearly as peaceful. In fact, the consulting detective seemed to be almost frustrated and angry about something.
Sherlock jumped up to his feet, shrugging on his coat again, bounding down the stairs as he tugged it on over his shoulders.
Mycroft was Sherlock's caretaker. He had been, ever since they were children. That much was true and obvious.
The bank was enormous and busy when John entered through the revolving door, hot on Sherlock's heels. The taller, more mysterious man was already scanning the area with his grey eyes, more than likely logging in impossible deductions that John would never see.
"Why are we out here again?" Sherlock asked, looking around the park with distaste, and at the snow that seemed to be covering the entire thing like a blanket.
John folded his body down, and now their faces were centimeters away from each other's, their eyes studying each other's mouths, their hearts pounding in apprehension. Then John leaned down and crushed their lips together, and everything
It wasn't long before they were both gasping like they were both trapped in a room with no air and all heat.
Sherlock stood in the doorway of Rosie’s bedroom, and an inexplicable expression was on his face. John swallowed hard. He was afraid that something was very wrong.
They kissed for ages, and then John pulled away, rolling their foreheads together gently, looking down into Sherlock's eyes. Sherlock's breathing was ragged, his lips pink from kissing.
"I-I-I-I..." Sherlock stammered, crying, choking on tears. "I'm so so sorry..."
Sherlock was still looking at John, waiting for him to move away. They were leaning in a lot closer to each other now, and there was this new air now, Something freed.
"Sherlock?" John called. He walked to Sherlock's door. He opened it.
"Yes, Sherlock, remember?" John said with annoyance. "We're bringing the Yard over on Christmas Eve. I brought it up to you two days ago."
Sherlock makes to settle in at his side, but John interrupts him. "No. C'mere. Give me your head. I haven't apologized yet for what I've done to you."
"Oh. Well, he was usually very quiet except for the occasional explosions. And he was always leaving at strange hours in the night and sleeping in too late. Sometime I don't think he slept at all. I guess you could compare him to a teenager with all his bad habits. He's awful at looking after himself, as I'm sure you know. Poor thing."
John had barely cleared the threshold before his legs gave out in sheer shock. It was only at the last moment that he was able to hide his outright collapse as a graceless fall to his knees. The carapace of his armour clattering raucously around him.
"I NEED a CASE!"
She put a jar of vanilla beans into the trolley with a snort. "Listen to me, talking in silly metaphors. That Sherlock is a good boy, no matter how much he wants people to think otherwise. He's a bit odd, but that's what makes him lovely."
"Right, that. Thanks for reminding me." John blinked. "The point is, you brought me into this agreement under the circumstances that I was here to provide you someone to help you make rent. Then we agreed to cases together 'cause you thought I could help you given my background, and it worked out too that I became your blogger. Fine. But I'm under no circumstances to be held personally responsible for your lack of cases. Alright? Besides, you've got one on as we speak."
"By the final stage you will become incontinent, unable to swallow, unable to sit, and generally become unresponsive to your own surroundings. You will - in essence - become a disease-ridden shell of the person you were and there is NOTHING you can do to stop it.
Dark deeds were being done in dark corners and it was all so much John hadn't realized he'd stopped to parse it all until he'd lost sight of Sherlock in the throng.
To return without the item and see the disappointment on Sherlock's face would be one thing, but to be imprisoned and not be able to return at all? That was anathema.
Captain Watson boiled to the surface, witnessing a situation getting out of hand and deciding to take control. He risked his arms beneath Sherlock's arse once again, taking a couple slams that felt like they would tear his limbs from his shoulders before he got the mad man to stop.
His shrill cries and pleas for mercy during his long journey seemed to darken the very air around them as he passed.
The whole affair had been elegant and lavish, far more oppulant than he felt he deserved, knew he deserved. But it was there that his eyes had fallen upon a creature so breathtaking, so utterly beautiful, that it had shocked his broken heart back to life and rallied his wounded soul far better than time or medicine or any witch's potion could have.
"Sorry?" He could hear the trepidation in John's voice.
"Sherlock? Please?"
The air grew palpably denser between them as John ruminated on the events that had lead them up to this point. The phone calls and the pips. The semtex and tears and the hot, fast pursuit of the Game. John needed answers, or at least to express his opinion. A release on his pressure valve at the most. He was feeling ready to split. Too emotionally full to go on being silent.
"Oh, I was SO worried!" Mrs. Hudson frets, her eyeliner already beginning to run. "My boys. I'll never be able to let you out of my sight again! Look at the state of you."
Three massive but delicately spindled chandeliers drooped heavily from the vaulted ceiling. Their many candled arms throwing out golden throbs of light that while luminous in their own right were nothing compared to the gargarntuesque fireplace that roared with an inferno to John's left.
He nodded to an officer with a familiar face who allowed him to duck under the tape without protest and he half-walked, half-sank his way down the muddy bank to the crime scene below. The closer he got to the Thames, the thicker the sheet of ice crusting over the ground grew and the colder the wind seemed to whip.
"Yes." He slumped against the warmth, against the chest, against the arms that were his world. His eyelids sliding closed as he allowed a sweet, peaceful feeling begin to take him.
"We will be /fine/." Sherlock says with an eye roll that's almost as loud as his words. Though in all fairness he doesn't look much better; his forehead has turned into an extraordinary nebula of green and yellow and the blackness in his socket has faded into a muddy purple. "Once you're done blocking us from getting in the door."
Running out of peel, John glanced nonchalantly up and for a horrifying second, met eyes with one of the guards. He froze in place, the blade of his knife pressing into his thumb pad hard enough to draw blood.
"What else am I to do John? I've nothing left! I've no one!" William had beseeched him, cupping his swelling eye. His face already a riot of desperation.
John blinked at him, his molars aching in his clenching jaw. His breath an audible hiss in and out through his nostrils, his thin lips pressed tight. He was gripping the tea cup so hard there was a possibility it would crumble in his hands, but it didn't shake.
"Blast!" Sherlock answered, just as a nondescript car parked itself right up against the back of their taxi. John only needed a moment to realize what was going on and why they were caught precisely where they had not wanted to be.
"What is this?"
"Oh, that's so nice of him. I didn't know it was you birthday. You should have told me! I'd have baked you something."
"Henry." John had stated back.
The thrush hopped out onto the limb of its tree and called out to its neighbors. Receiving little response. For the morning was far too early.
The swath of hair that had usually been a dark nimbus around her face had been gathered up in small braids that hugged her skull, all of them feeding up like little black rivers into the plush mohawk crowning her head. The better to fit inside the impressive gold-edged black helm she had resting against her canted hip.
John noted that traffic had begun to clog up on the bridge; rubberneckers trying to catch a glimpse of what they could. No doubt drawn to the sight of an ambulance parked conspicuously on the footpath that ran parallel to the Thames down below.
"You hated every minute of it." John replies, shaking his head slightly. In disbelief. In remorse. "You were punishing yourself."
From far above there was a desperate yowl and he limped backwards until he could see Gladstone's wrinkled face peering over the cliff side. Her paws stamping at the precipice. He waved his hand and she only yowled harder. Her tiny sorrow brined by the sea.
He turned back to the enraptured detective, who was peeling open the corpses eyes, revealing the starburst cataracts that had formed as the result of being fried. "So, what's your secret to putting up with him for this long Greg?"
And they were entirely wrong.
When his slick fist retook Sherlock's cock, both Sherlock and John gasped in unison.
"Very well," Sherlock said with satisfied finality, rebuttoning his top button and fluffing out his hair very carefully over the new dressing to disguise it. "I look forward to it." And with that he gave John an eye-crinkling smile that made John's heart drop down into the cold clutch of his guts.
It felt a bit strange, like dèja vú, to be standing on the bank of the Thames surrounding a corpse again.
Little did Charles know that Sherlock did think about it. Always and in vivid detail. How could he not? It was the only thing that kept him from ruin.
"Oh, no no no, stop fussing." She patted his hand. "It gives an old woman something to do while you boys are out running about London with your cases. Can't have you going about totally starkers now can I? Oh! But there is one thing; I have these, they came out of your pocket. I'm afraid I didn't get to them until after the wash cycle though. I hope they're not ruined." She deposited three .22 caliber bullets into John's unoccupied hand.
To where a single delicate down feather flapped in the wind. Stuck in a smatter of blood.
"Do you not?" Sherlock asked, slightly surprised, looking at him again. Then he seemed to weigh something in his mind. "And what if I didn't talk for days on end? Would that not bother you either?"
"Not really. Nice of you though." John shrugged with his back turned, more focused on willing his erection down.
Sherlock struggled beneath him once, then twice, before giving up and going stiff and still beneath him, shutting his eyes instead.
"Can and will." Sherlock smiled badly. "It's been a pleasure Inspector, really. Molly, thank you for a riveting morning. Fun was had by all. But we really must be going." Sherlock was practically bullying John towards the door, handing John his undrunk coffee in response to his protest while Lestrade tried to physically block the exit with himself.
"By my calculations, you are nine point three centimeters long and six point four centimeters in girth with a twelve degree arc while in a full state of arousal. You're proud of this, as well you should be. I imagine all your previous partners enjoyed the overly adequate fill of you /cock/."
"Do you recall your vows?"
John Watson had been presumed dead.
"I had wondered where they'd wandered off to!" Mrs. Hudson exclaimed.
It was still quite surreal to know that the man who'd just done a bang up job on John's tooth was languishing in a cell right now. About to have the book thrown at him for his unspeakable misdeeds.
"You just told me they were innocuous!" John's voice was threatening to rise again.
The pause following was so long that John worried that the suddenly palpable information of Sherlock's previous love life had gone the way of the solar system until Sherlock snapped forth from his mind, as if he'd been hunting his Mind Palace for ghosts. "My first sexual encounter involved a boy by the name of Eric Crenshaw. I was nineteen. He was my boyfriend at the time."
"Where are you going?"
"What!?" Gregson blurted, loud enough to not need the microphones to be heard.
John had merely walked straight up to the General in the customary manner to discuss the terms of battle, and instead plunged a large curved stiletto that had been hanging from his belt (the only weapon he had brought) right into the man's throat.
It thrilled John immensely, this touch of his eyes, and Prince Sherlock misread his shiver as fear.
"As well wishers began to gather at the castle gates, more details emerged of the Queen Mother's final hours. Her doctors had been called this morning after her condition had deteriorated. The Queen and other members of her family gathered at her bedside. A local clergyman was called to say prayers.
"Oh." Lestrade rocked back on his heels as the gravity set in, his shoe leather creaking. "Shit."
When John saw that it was the High Steward, he pushed himself up from the bed and stood as straight as he could.
There was much he did not think to make clear before he had made this climb up 17o steps.
"Noo...why?"
"He said that I am not to consider myself your friend. That I am to see to it that you remain in good spirits until your marriage to him. That that is my only purpose." It rent something deep in John's chest to hear his own mouth say these things aloud.
(See the end of the chapter for
John shifted his right leg out and groped for Sherlock's prick, sluggishly surprised to find it limp between them, but felt up to the challenge. "Want me to give you a hand?" Sherlock immediately canted his hips and pulled himself away from John.
John was relatively small in stature, though his decorated military career had taught him how to grow to easily fill a room if he need be. He was solid and strong, with a short cap of gray blonde hair and a knee-hammer face. Unassumingly handsome with the deep, fathomless eyes of an old soul who'd lived a million lifetimes and was waiting to see a million more.
And then the moment became motion once more. Drawing the bow back, Sherlock brought out bright wailings of more bariolage to pierce the quiet of the room. Contrasting them against dark single strings that played as sinuous as chocolate would against the senses.
A photocopy of a hospital intake report of someone named Miles [REDACTED] sneered up at John with its formal black type. Miles? Miles...where had?...oh right.
"What did he look like?"
There was a furious, shrilling honk of surprise and a white ball of violence came hurtling off his bed towards him. The goose was large and startling. Hissing as it came at him, wings held aloft and flapping wildly. It's long neck poised to strike like a cobra. John had half a mind to boot it across the room.
"Indeed you have." The Queen Mother sniffs at him, her polite smile not nearly as congenial as it appears on a television screen. "I'll forgive your discourtesy of not addressing me properly, as you are rather...inebriated. But I would like you to know that it is a pleasure that you finally have accepted my invitation."
"I know."
Dr. Sipe flashed the light once more and illuminated a glowing splotch underneath his glove as if he'd forgotten it was there at all. "Oh. It's just a stamp. Can't seem to get it to come off."
"Well, that's it for me then." John shut the laptop lid pointedly. His mind running on fumes and wanting to avoid another row.
John pulled a face as Molly finished speaking, while Sherlock managed to look a little tetchy at the loss of evidence.
It was a long cylinder of wood that, to John's surprise, slipped out to reveal a smaller cylinder inside of it, making it grow longer. The whole apparatus slowly graduated in size until it came to an end with a rounded piece of glass.
Sherlock set up a punishing rhythm. A hard, almost terrible pace punctuated by animalistic grunts. He used enough momentum to pick the chair up from the floor and thump it loudly back into the ground a couple of times and John was too far gone in the moment to worry about Mrs. Hudson downstairs. His particular worries were focused down much more acutely. "Sherlock. Slow down." He begged.
"Alright, drugged." John conceded. "But you ate it too though."
A few other industrious birds were picking the ground for snails and worms, tiny curls of insects that had been drawn out by the dew, but otherwise steadfastly ignored the thrush. Content to make the most of their own business.
"And besides that," Sherlock says, ignoring John's amazed stare by snuffling back into his pillow facing the other way. Still managing to keep their fingers twined. "It's more likely that he would be drinking an Amarone anyway. It's suppose to pair deliciously with fats and oils."
And John obeyed, against every fiber of his being. Knowing that what was going on now was something entirely beyond his comprehension.
And then following this, their Winter crop of rye would have to be laid down. The earth ploughed, fertilized, sown, and harrowed only to have the cycle start anew come Spring once more.
Something John didn't see passed over Sherlock's face at that token of trust. A feeling not allowed to stay and when John turned back he found his phone practically shoved beneath his nose. "Work has texted you. Apparently it's urgent."
"No." He said thickly, coughing into his tissue when his throat tickled before taking it in hand. He held it up, looking it over though it appeared to have remained unchanged. "No, he never said. Only that I would be able to figure it out eventually."
At his deafening silence, Sherlock's lips tightened and he drew his hands away.
John's head snaps back into the cushions. His shoulder whines and Sherlock's mouth works him with the solitary focus of a man who solves crimes for a living and has found something more interesting than a crime scene. Inside his jaw is hot and wet and soft and moving so rapturously that John can't even feel the rest of his body. His cock is the only thing that exists of him. And it is bright and it is pulsing and it is so fucking close to going off that he ---
"Yes yes." Sherlock sighs, a dismissive hand flapping beneath the sheets. He closes his eyes, looking far more content with John's lingering hand than any agreement.
Each day it was becoming harder and harder to deny him.
Sherlock either ignored him, or didn't hear. "I was at a poker game."
Sherlock leaned back a little, as if waiting for John to applaud.
"Yes. Yes." Sherlock answered curtly, preoccupied with pulling out a twelve inch chef's knife and repositioning the brain to his liking.
"I'll certainly do everything I can." He assured her, putting his hand over the top of hers and giving it a pat. She smiled wetly in appreciation.
His vulnerable body was flickering at the touches like a candle flame in a draft, dancing under the attention at its own peril. Sherlock suppressed a shudder as his nipples were teased into tight buds without his want.
John found Sherlock standing awkwardly between his leather chair and the table in the sitting room, holding an expandable folder in his hands and picking nervously at the edge. John assumed it was the information he'd had Lestrade send over, but when John put the paperback down on their office table, he wasn't at all surprised when Sherlock set down the folder right on top, obscuring it from view.
"No no no. I don't want just one. Only one of your kidneys was the original bet, remember? Right before you made the fool mistake of doubling down with a bluff. And you nearly got away with it, until you saw I had a straight flush.
Sherlock's eyes swam with a note of trepidation at that statement, like a cloud passing in front of the sun. But he didn't allow John enough time to pursue it, instead crushing the doctor's thin mouth beneath his in one single kiss and swirling away towards the door. "Come on."
"Right. Jesus Christ. You told me that." John replied huskily, panting as well. He leaned up from the counter and observed the harsh red line the corner of the counter had pressed across his palm. The shock from warm to cold as Sherlock stepped back was enough to break whatever spell had come over them.
He was a tallow catch of a man, with a large round head that had been plucked of all hair save the thin halo left above his ears. He wore the rough brown tabard of a clerical man and a smile that even from a distance showed the twin dimples burrowing into his rosy cheeks.
Emboldened by this request, John chanced to make one of his own: "Then, if this shall be the way of things, I ask that you call me John. If it pleases you. Sherlock." John offered. Unable to keep from saying his name again. Now that he had the right to do so.
New panic had speared through Sherlock at the finality. Making him desperate. "No, please." He could not be Lord to a King such as Charles. He could not be Lord to any man. "I-I am sorry King Mycroft. Please. I take it back. I don't say no. I'll take the crown..." Sherlock had begun to mutter, preparing to go down upon his knees if he needed to. Breath shaking, hands trembling as he locked his fingers and beseeched him, tears filling his eyes. "Please! Please? I will take it. Let me take it."
"Oh...dear?" Ms. Hudson exclaimed as John set it down before them, utterly confused.
"Well, did you?"
To watch Sherlock undress was like watching the sun rise. Pale white expanses only seeming to to stretch on forever as more and more was revealed. Hot spots were flushed with blood, as pink as morning. His body was a lick of sinew, skin wrapped tight around a knitted ribcage that masked and unmasked the subtle ripple of ribs with each breath, narrow waist arrowing down to where his manhood mimicked his body, long and slim, topped with a shock of black hair.
Sherlock was obviously becoming irritable at having to reiterate himself time and again. "That's precisely what I'm propositioning to change!" He felt he'd made himself very clear. "Look. If you're concerned about what people will say, it will remain strictly private. And don't bother waxing on about your lack of inclinations, I've read all your tells since you moved in here. The lingering glances, the eye dilation; you've made it incredibly obvious that you fancy me John Watson, even if you like to tell yourself otherwise. Unlike you though, I can see right through your smoke screen. I'm not an idiot."
"This time John." Came the next directions, because Sherlock /knew/. Of course he did. Sherlock's voice was always clear through the fog. "I want you to come. Hard and fast now." He watched through suffocating sweat as Sherlock shifted and replanted his feet wider, giving himself a more stable base by which John could administrate himself, his eyes stabbing like a knife through the heart.
The trio had ridden all day and into the night, stopping only once for a brief campfire at dusk to indulge in a meal of dried meat and bread and a shared skin of ale.
"Four hours ago now." Sherlock said without looking up, twiddling his dial.
"So are-- are you saying it doesn't feel good at all? Or--"
"Hail fellow." Moran had said with a bit of a chuckle and waited for John to right himself and take in what was truly before him. John had had to blink his eyes back into focus.
"Shit." John muttered and stepped around Lestrade to stop Sherlock from reaching up to touch it as well, taking his elbow. "Nothing to worry about. C'mon. Let's get that fixed up."
"Mhm. You can explain it to me later. But right now..." John toed off his shoes and removed his purple cardigan then, smiling wide when Sherlock finally couldn't stop himself from scoffing at the socks he was wearing. "I wondered why you didn't say anything back at my office."
"And I can't blame him really, when I first met him he was in pretty rough shape. Anderson and Donovan never saw him like that, so they don't understand. But when he was a teenager, after he came back from whatever extended holiday he was on, he all of a sudden started showing up to crime scenes. He was always strung out on...well, whatever it was...and just looking to keep himself entertained. Even when we'd chase him off or stick him overnight in the holding cells, he'd always be out by morning and back, letting us know about all the stuff we got wrong or what we should have paid more attention to.
"Because you were screaming last night, and thrashing all about. I thought it best not to wake you, and it stopped after a minute or so. Yet you looked scared, John. Really scared." Mary murmured nervously, as if she was very afraid to ask just what it was that was haunting John in his dreams. It was the house, of course...last night he had dreamt that he returned to the house, and that the statues had come to life. That as John moved up towards his room, the statues followed, walking with quiet, hallow footsteps, tracing his every step and creeping just out of his sight. Yes, it had been terrifying. John could understand why he might have been screaming.
"Watson it is past...he is past and I do best to forget about him when my mind allows it." Holmes managed in a very small, pained voice.
"Ya I know, it's gorgeous. But what are we even going to do with it? What can we do with it? This is our home, we can't just move into that old thing. We can't rent it." John grumbled. "But now we're responsible for it! And it'll be on my conscience if I let it fall to dust."
You don't think we'll get headaches again, do you?" Sherlock wondered apprehensively.
"Urgent how?" she wondered nervously. Sherlock took a quick breath, tapping his toes nervously against their welcome mat as he tried to phrase this so that a suburban mother could understand. Of course he wouldn't share the secrets that were John's to tell, and yet he knew that he would be trapped behind this screen door if he didn't stress the urgency of the matter.
it was rhetorical!" Mary protested. "I'm asking you why you're not doing anything to stop it! Rosie's not my sole responsibility you know? This is our shared burden!"
"Oh wow! Look at this Sherlock, must be worth a fortune." John said excitedly, moving forward and unearthing a nice plate from the mix.
"Who?" John asked anxiously, now suddenly very interested in what Sherlock had to say. He could almost hear it now, Sherlock's final confession, as that one single word rolled off of his tongue, the one word John was expecting...
"No I'm fine standing." Sherlock assured.
"Firewood." John announced with a smile, holding up a log in one hand and a little box of matches in the other. The matches were visibly old, they came in a tiny little carton and it was brown and worn with age. Yet it had been sitting alongside of the wood just where he knew it would be, just where he needed it to be.
"Well it's true, ya? It's true! You saw that photograph, well as I. Who knows who was behind the camera, who knows who was watching? Who knows just how many men held that picture in their hands and filled their pockets with coins so as to have the
"I like the idea of not being finished. It makes me fear death much less." Sherlock admitted.
Startling as the first letter had been, such a response written undoubtedly by Holmes was enough to nearly put a stop to my heart right then and there. Such shock overcame me that the paper would have dropped to the ground, had I not been clutching it so tightly as I read. And so it is true, there was no forgery, there was no trick in play after all? Victor's question and Holmes's response...well undoubtedly there was more complexity to my friend than I had been aware of before!
"Oh this lovely place." Sherlock grumbled, not sounding too enthused as he followed John up the staircase and onto the porch.
"Liar." Sherlock said quickly. "You look like you've seen a ghost."
"Oh I'm not sure, we don't keep things labeled by houses." She muttered. "Although I can check for building permits and whatnot, if that's helpful?"
"Why would I take you?" he asked, blinking to show his obvious confusion.
"John, do you not hear the baby!" came his wife's whining voice, appearing in the living room with curlers in her hair. It was sometime after nine, and certainly Mary was getting ready for bed when she was interrupted by the constant cry of that loud child.
"I don't want to argue." John interjected quickly. "We get nowhere when we argue."
"I'm sorry to hear that." he muttered carefully, for what else could anyone say in response to that?
"Well you did, you did get a happy ending. Or rather you would've...who knows what's in store for all of us now?" Sherlock wondered, looking a little bit ashamed for having put such a negative spin on married life. Obviously he felt as though he had just degraded the idea of a happy marriage and family, as if it was overrated to a degree. Oh Sherlock could stutter all he wanted, surely he wasn't wrong! John knew deep down that there was something empty in his life, even if he had checked all the boxes that might make a man happy and successful. He had all of that, a wife, a child, a job, yet no purpose. He knew that there was something else coming, deep down he knew that all of this was leading to something, something much like a conclusion.
"You're saying it was like some sort of...some sort of brothel for men?" John presumed.
"You think it was murder?" John wondered, looking over the other two death certificates just to make sure the woman wasn't missing any obvious facts. But just as she promised there was no obvious cause to be found, just an old warrant with Sherlock's and Mr. Trevor's names typed across with a small typewriter.
"If we're going to be a family, perhaps we should." He offered quietly, though with such a voice that it sounded like he was forcing the words out. As if he had thought of them for the longest while, and at last had decided to say them aloud.
"There you have it." John agreed, settling the little baby upon his lap and reaching his hand over to Sherlock, an offering of sorts. Sherlock hesitated; grinning quickly to try to make sure John knew he appreciated the gesture before at last taking his hand in his own. It was a curious feeling, the touch of human skin. It was something he had not remembered for the longest time, something that was all together alien to him. John's skin was very smooth, not unlike his own, though his fingers seemed stronger. They felt quite odd, now as they slid between Sherlock's own fingers and held him there closely. It was a bond of love, perhaps. A bond of commitment. Together they decided that was enough communication, for Sherlock's lips weer already tired of speaking. There were words unsaid, however, words that were passed between their interlocked fingers, words spoken on the tips of their fingers and the crevices of their palms. Words of appreciation, and perhaps of acceptance. It had been a long while since Sherlock had ever felt like someone noticed him, and it had been even longer since he noticed anyone else. Perhaps it was for the best, their bonding now. They were, after all, the last humans with the potential to love. Maybe they were the last of anything out there, the last of all life. It was their goal then, not just to reproduce, but to love. To use the hearts they had been given, and the hearts that would surely fade away in a long while. Each and every carefully planned blood vessel, every cell churning and fighting...all of this miraculous chances of nature just lost. Lost by their inability to keep themselves alive, and lost by the fight of time, and the curses of the universe. It was their job now, no longer to continue the race, but to appreciate the race. Appreciate each other, and perhaps even themselves. The stars were proof, each one twinkling there out in the distance. They were proof that this universe was bigger than ever could be explained, and larger than ever could be traveled by a little spaceship creeping along by the unseen force of gravity alone. Though they were proof of hope, proof that maybe somewhere out there lived another race of creatures, another civilization that proved more successful than the human races. The stars out there were proof that they may not be alone in this universe, no matter how far away another heartbeat seemed. For the only heartbeats that mattered now were the ones contained in the tin can, three little heartbeats that beat in unison all of the sudden. Heartbeats that grew to appreciate the melodies of the others, all the while they were still singing their individual songs.
"Me? Well you never know, Sherlock, I mean what my past life was like. You never know that I don't have the capabilities of loving men." John defended, feeling rather offended that Sherlock could count him out without a single thought. Sherlock merely blinked, for obviously he picked up on John's immediate (and rather angry) offensive tone.
"No, that's not a surprise." John admitted quietly, although he had to admit that the idea never crossed his mind. Never once in this entire ordeal did he have the mind to just walk away from it all. Never once did he even consider it as an option. The house wouldn't allow that, would it? The house wouldn't allow all of this to just come to an end? After it had tried so hard to bring them together, would it actually allow John to lock the door and tuck the key away, somewhere no one would find it? Well no, not if this house had powers it wouldn't. And yet, maybe this was a good way to prove the power of coincidence. Maybe this was a good way to guarantee that there was nothing more in his life than just science. Maybe, by just turning his back to this structure, he could prove that it was just a house after all. And that it could do nothing more than sit here and rot, waiting for its prey to return to it, even after they had decided to say their goodbyes.
Mary exclaimed. "John Watson you cannot abandon me like this!"
"Well I mean, I suppose it's not as monumental as it was before." John agreed with a shrug. Sherlock nodded, folding up his napkin daintily and setting it aside his plate.
"Holmes, what have you got there? What did you save from that wretched place?" I asked. Holmes bit deeper into his pipe, shaking his head and looking towards me very quickly before blinking and looking down towards the carpet once more. He was troubled, which would be a more plausible thing had it not been Sherlock Holmes in question. Tonight I had genuine worry for him.
"I'll go down to Town Hall tonight, after class. I'll just make sure everything is as it should be." John decided with a sigh. Greg gave a great groan of disapproval, yet then again that was all he could do, as he knew any verbal protest would be a waste of both of their times. Once John's heart was set on doing the right thing there was no going back. Greg's rebellious nature was not enough to contaminate John, and there was no way he was going to collect this deed without first making sure it was intentionally left to him. Besides, if there really was another John Watson from his father's side, it still didn't make sense that they would choose to pass something as important as a house to him. Historically, John had done nothing to that family except disgrace them, as his father had said right before he left. Certainly, he wouldn't get any presents from the Watsons except an envelope full of ricin. And so, Greg could never understand not only that this deed might be misplaced, but also the idea that anything from the Watsons must not be a gift at all. Surely if the house was intentionally passed to him it was because there was something wrong with it, and so it would be more of a burden than a gift. It was merely some more family baggage that he would have to carry atop his already aching shoulders. An old deteriorating shack that no one wanted to deal with anymore, come into his possession because its original owners had gotten lazy. Of course it would be passed down to him.
"Yes, I had a weird dream. Something so weird it could only be..." Sherlock hesitated, clearing his throat so as to disregard his previous sentence. "Well I can't but worry that there was some truth in it all."
"I must've seen it somewhere; certainly I saw it on a file. I mean, Sherlock Holmes, it's um...it's not a common name. I heard your first name, and connected it to the last that's..." John nodded his head, grabbing at the door handle and finding now that he could open it just fine. The hall was empty. "That's how I knew it."
"Yes." John said with a quick blink of his eyes, feeling the color drain out of his face all the same. Well he didn't know if he had known that or not, he didn't know if internally he had settled upon an option. Of course he had speculated it, due primarily to all of these dreams he had been having of their past selves. But that confirmation then made things look a little bit bleaker now, for if Sherlock really did have an interest in men then that was making John's dreams seem all the more realistic.
"I'm not entirely sure. I don't think he's as concerned about it as I am." John admitted finally.
"No, don't show me now, come on." John groaned, feeling his face go quite red as he remembered the blinds were open, and anyone who would care to look in would find John watching as his student undressed before him. Then again, just as soon as John managed to feel embarrassed, Sherlock had pulled back his shirt enough to reveal the same sort of white skin as depicted in the picture. The same bone structure, revealed through the same thinness, and in that same spot where Sherlock had promised...
"Nowhere that concerns you." Sherlock snapped.
"Ya, I got it in the mail this morning." John agreed. Greg nodded in approval, setting the paper back down on the desk and rearranging himself once more in his chair.
"I'm fine, Professor. Now what is it that you wanted to show me?" Sherlock asked insistently, for obviously he was still more interested in his upcoming class than he was with John's little ghost story. John nodded, clearing his throat nervously and wondering then if he wanted to sit down. And yet, even though Sherlock stood well above his eye level as it was, he felt as though he should at least have the potential to stare him down. And so he stayed standing, nodding to himself for motivation to continue on.
"Well, you own the place now, don't you? I suppose you go there, then. Go check it out, see if it's worth your time. If not, try to sell it. Although, I suggest flipping it, in all honesty. These days house flipping is where all the money is. If it's a rundown shack then abandon it, but if not, try to make some money." Greg suggested with a grin.
"We could go to the Town Hall, if you think we've found all we can here." John suggested with a shrug.
"Ya, I know. I know." John grumbled. "I was going to go back after classes were over, maybe if we pay it some attention then..."
"Well I don't know, Sherlock. What do you suggest?" John grumbled, really not in the mood to compete with Sherlock's ambition this morning. "It was your idea to leave it be in the first place."
“That’s nice, get out of my way,” Sherlock ordered her, and he shoved her aside more forcefully than he’d intended. She gave a soft grunt as she hit the wall, and she stared after him with affrontation.
Sherlock reached his long arms above him, easily reaching, and he dragged it around the tall tree.
Lestrade would always wave his hand, and say, "I just want him to feel better."
"Then when I overdosed for the first time," Sherlock said, and his voice cracked. He cleared his throat. "When I overdosed, Mycroft was there first. In the drug den. He dragged me out, took me to the hospital. Paid for everything. Didn't ask for anything in return. And do you know what I said to him then, John?"
However once the Major marched up to John's tent, late in the evening, and asked for a shave off the top of his head, John jumped at the chance.
At that, Sherlock let out a loud sigh of annoyance, which only made John smile wider.
"Remember," said John, leaning close. "Keep this quiet, Danny. I don't want a lot of people knowing I do this."
But sleeping next to another human body had been comforting to Sherlock. That much was clear. And it helped him, immensely. It was stable, and it was safe. Sherlock needed that.
John huffed, rolling his eyes, but he obliged the man anyway. He reached into the pocket of Sherlock's dressing gown, and pulled out his ringing cell phone.
He opened his eyes again, and met with Sherlock's gaze, staring back at him hard. Then he stood up, making his way to the door, leaving Sherlock alone on the kitchen floor.
John pressed the 'end call' button, and he slipped his phone away into his pocket. He drank his tea carefully, looking out into the snow that was falling steadily right outside his window.
In a burst of passion, John broke the kiss that had become heated with each second and went to work on Sherlock's earlobe. His lips sucked at it, as if he was drinking from a fruit, and Sherlock's head fell back, his jaw dropping in a silent moan.
"Hello. Is this Sherlock Holmes?" the person on the other end asked. A monotone voice. Matter-of-fact. Business-like.
“And never brought to light…”
Until the sound of a door banging against a wall startled John, and then was followed by Sherlock's thundering footsteps coming toward the living room.
"Right," said Harry in a knowing tone. "That is if your husband even wants to socialize with other people,right?'
"John, please tell me," Sherlock said, halfway out of his seat. "You're worrying me."
Sherlock let out a small gasp of surprise, and he grabbed John closer, like he couldn't get enough. John grinned against his mouth, responding in kind, holding Sherlock's face in his hands.
Sherlock blew out the smoke calmly as he lay in his chair, staring deeply at John’s empty one. He traced the pattern with his eyes, studying the unique color and appearance like he did when John was there.
"Oh, I am. And I'm bringing the talent with me." John grabbed his coat. "Come on, Sherlock, off out!"
"You...you still have too many clothes on," John said, breathing heavily, and Sherlock's dark eyes lifted to meet John's. "We've got to fix that."
"Right, okay, good." John rasped. "Right. Let me, um..."
John took the spoon from the soup that he had placed in front of Sherlock, and held it out to him.
Danny stepped closer, and he lowered his voice.
After a long moment, Sherlock stepped farther away, walking across the kitchen. John let out a sigh of relief, relaxing his tense shoulders.
"Why did you get it so tall?" Sherlock asked, amusement still in his voice. John let out a laugh.
But then when John turned around again, Sherlock was kneeling right next to the side of John's chair, with his face very close. John jumped, startled, and covered his eyes with his fingers in irritation.
"Who is it?" John asked, looking up at Sherlock from the corner of his eye.
After a moment, John patted Sherlock on the knee softly, rubbing his tumb across the other man's kneecap.
Smiling softly, John let his eyes wander over Sherlock for a few extra seconds, before finally returning to his book.
"Anyway," John said after a moment. "You can. Um. Talk. If you'd like. I-I wouldn't be against the idea. Like I said, I'm here for you. So. If you have anything you want to say..."
"Oh!" Sherlock said, his tone mocking surprise. His eyes lifted to meet John's, and he gestured to the bag. "What are these under your chair, then, John?"
Sebastian was sweating. John could see it, and he smiled ever so softly.
Grief did not go away overnight. John knew that. It took time, a lot of time, sometimes years. Sometimes therapy. And everybody handled it differently. John should know. He went through it when he had thought Sherlock had died. After he had jumped off of Bart's. There wasn't one way to go through with it. There was no one path of healing.
Then Danny twisted, and reached his hands into his pockets, pulling out a wad of bills.
This couldn't be like the last time John had cut Sherlock's hair. Sherlock hadn't been aware at the time, and John had been allowed to get close, not just because he wanted to, but because it was required in the job.
John shook his head. "Right, we're getting off topic here, Harry," he interrupted, confused as to why he was even talking about this with his sister. "Bottom line is, I'm spending Christmas with Sherlock.
“He said he LOVES you,” Rosie said in a teasing and playful voice, and she expected Sherlock to laugh.
It was always Mycroft. Always him. The one who cared so deeply from the beginning, and the one who had stuck with Sherlock since before Sherlock even knew how to walk.
Sherlock nodded again. "I know," he said. And then they walked to Speedy's for coffee and a biscuit.
"Oh, that's fine," Danny replied. "You don't need to be gold-star, Johnny. Just have the steady hands to cut me beard."
be dead?
"It's fine," Sherlock said, looking up at John briefly.
The door finally flew open, making Sherlock’s heart jump with soaring hope.
John shrugged his shoulders, a smile coming to his face. "Well, let's go, then. I'll text Greg we're on our way."
John never knew where the call had come from, and he didn't want to know. It could have come from Mycroft's office, a business associate, or even from the Prime Minister. He didn't care. But from what the other person on the other side had gathered, Mycroft had been on his way to meet with the leader of a distant land, and it was a trap. A bomb had been launched as soon as Mycroft's plane was approaching. It was too late to stop it. There was nothing that they could do.
John opened the door, and when he saw who was standing there, his jaw dropped. He opened the door wider.
"What do you mean?"
"And how in the world do you even know how to cut hair?" Sherlock exclaimed, interrupting John. "You haven't any experience."
"Howdy, buddy," Sebastian continued. He hadn't noticed John yet. "How long's it been? Eight years sine I last clapped eyes on you?"
Sherlock went willingly, and John could have sworn there was a skip in his step. "Well, it looks like that's what we're doing."
"I'll see you around, John," said James Sholto.
"I'm busy," Sherlock said, even though John hadn't said anything yet. "Can you get it for me?"
"While you were in your 'mind palace' earlier today, I noticed that your hair had gotten longer, and I decided to cure my boredom with a little trim. I didn't think it was that big of a deal."
Sherlock stood to the side, his violin in hand, softly playing Christmas carols over the conversations. His eyes seemed to always gravitate to John, who was smiling and laughing with a pretty new officer from Scotland Yard. She was leaning far too close to John for Sherlock's liking, and her smile was flirty and absolutely disgusting.
"This isn't what most friends do, Sherlock," John said just as they had settled into bed one night. Sherlock stirred in John's arms. Turned to look at him.
"I hope you'll take care of him, John. There's not a doubt in my mind that you will."
Eventually, John had to leave the changing room, and when he did, he went into Rosie’s room in a hurry. He put her down for a nap, and stayed by her bedside for hours, too afraid to face Sherlock.
Sherlock was already out the door by the time John had grabbed his own jacket and tugged it on, running down the stairs as he followed Sherlock out into the snow.
John smiled over the phone, a small smirk on the speaker. "Yes, definitely. I'll see you later," he said.
They walked to the cemetary, just because they could. John stopped at a vendor and bought flowers to lay on the gravestone, carrying them the entire way.
Mr. and Mrs. Holmes have stopped by frequently as well. They seem to be doing fine, too. They have had their own friends in Sussex to care for them, and to talk to. It was obvious that they were still healing, though. And that's okay. They all were, after all.
Sherlock had heard the tone of John's voice, and he looked up from his microscope as John hung up the phone. John's hand was shaking, and his forehead slightly sweaty. Face deathly pale. Something was definitely wrong.
Oh God.
Now less than a year later, John and Sherlock had patched up their friendship, and they had gone on without another word, without another glance at their past. It was as if everything was back to the way it was.
John looked at Sherlock a moment and nodded, stuffing his own hands into the pockets of his coat and walking off of the sidewalk.
And now John found it hard to resist his temptations to run his fingers through Sherlock's hair and to stare intensely at his doll-like face.
Sherlock looked down at his feet. Nodded slowly.
"No-"
"I said," Sherlock muttered. "You've been abroad a lot. Flew all the way round the world twice in a month."
John grinned, and immediately pushed forward, devouring Sherlock's mouth entirely. John's elbow kicked out, knocking over the barber tools that were still laying on the armrest and spreading them across the floor. John couldn't care less.
"It's Lestrade," Sherlock replied, snapping his phone shut. "It's a case. Someone's been robbed."
“Make me, you prat,” John laughed, his hand pressed against Sherlock’s back.
The next few seconds were filled with absolute dread, like something had reached in and clenched the guts of John's stomach so hard that he nearly doubled over. The blood rushed in his ears, flowing from his face and leaving it white as a sheet.
Then the world faded away.
Then John remembered. Last night.
Sherlock clawed at John's shirt, trying to seek grounding, and John gave it to him, resting his chin in Sherlock's curls. Doubting himself be damned, John was going to do the best he could.
“John, listen, um…” Sherlock paused. “For a long time now, you were always considered my only friend. And for that I appreciated you, because you helped me with everything that I worked for. Even if you were just an average goldfish.”
John's eyebrows raised almost to the height of his hairline and wondered if he heard Sherlock right.
Only John was what really mattered.
"I don't know," John responded. "They, well, sleep in separate beds, for one thing. And most friends don't know so much about each other."
“Three...two…”
Sherlock looked at John like he was trying to figure him out, like John was a fascinating puzzle, messing with his mind, trying to find out what John might do next.
"Sh-Sherlock..." John muttered, and immediately, Sherlock pulled back.
John's heart jumped at the sentiment. He couldn't stop beaming.
"Obviously."
John blinked at himself. It unnerved him how much he already noticed about Sherlock in the short span that he had known him. Maybe the detective's deductive skills were rubbing off on him.
Time passed. Hours. Maybe days. All that John knew was that he was not leaving.
Sherlock tried to hold back from chuckling as he watched John try to stretch his small body to the top of the tree so the lights would reach it. It looked comical, like a little hedgehog trying to climb a tree.
Sherlock said nothing, and it was one of the rare times that John got to see Sherlock anywhere close to speechless.
Sherlock had not budged, which was to be expected, since he commonly would stay within his mind for hours on end. Once, he had had to ask John to leave the flat altogether so he could have some privacy.
The memories that he had in the army were definitely not all pleasant. Definitely not. But there were some that had managed to stick with him for most of his life. Pleasant ones.
Sherlock cried and sobbed and sniveled, and it was unlike anything John had ever seen Sherlock do. It had been so sudden, like a dam breaking, the floodwaters bursting out from the walls and taking everything in its path.
“Sherlock, shut up.”
"Does the closeness bother you?"
"No, no, I'm-I'm fine." Sherlock croaked, and his hands inexplicably tightened on John's shoulders. John cleared his throat.
John ignored her insinuations this time. "Right, it's just that we were planning on having some of our friends over from Scotland Yard on Christmas Eve. I just don't think that I'm going to have the time."
The Major gave a small nod, and he stood up from his chair, and suddenly, he was standing very close to John, looking down from his height.
Sherlock watched heatedly as everybody crowded around his own flatmate, and his own flatmate’s sister that wasn’t even that pretty. Sherlock angrily stared, his violin clutched tightly in his hands.
"You had enough money to have the best sensors in the whole of the United Kingdom," Sherlock hissed. "You knew...you could have saved yourself, if you hadn't been so...so stupid. So stupid, I can't believe you were so stupid."
"Need help?" Sherlock asked, pushing himself from the doorpost and walking over to John. He stood several feet from him, with Sherlock obviously holding himself back out of wariness.
"You did this, then?" Sherlock asked.
John gave a sigh at his flatmate, which of course Sherlock ignored, and slumped over into his own chair. It seems to be best to just return to his daydreams.
Sherlock looked down at the spoon, then back at John's eyes. Slowly, his mouth opened, asking to be fed.
It was the first sunny day in a long while. It was bright, and for once, there was something to be happy about.
“TEN! NINE! EIGHT!”
Sebastian was standing out of his office door now, yelling after them for the whole room to hear.
