Tony hums. He suspects that translates roughly to ‘I was going to lose my mind if I had to stand next to any of the Avengers anymore while they frantically and furiously paced, pretending they knew a single thing about patience’ but his brain catches on the part where
Tony's smile relaxes into something real for a second and then melts away altogether. He stands there and listens to the elevator descend again, and then frowns when it goes on for a few seconds too long. It stops finally, and Tony all but holds his breath. He’s just about to walk away when it starts up again. Shocked, he looks at the panel above the door, and it’s on the first floor. And Tony…definitely shouldn’t be able to hear that. He doesn’t think he ever has before, but he can’t exactly remember. He might just be tripping himself out.
“Tony,” Pepper says firmly. “We are not giving away self-sustaining energy to one of the most developed, well-off countries in the world.”
Eventually, at some point, they break apart and Tony gasps, feeling overheated. He runs his fingers through Steve’s hair and the position he’s in isn’t the most comfortable with how he’s twisting but with this body it’s not really a big deal at all. He smiles and Steve’s looking up at him, lips turned up and eyebrows down and—hey, he looks almost heartbroken, Tony realizes.
“Great,” Tony says, “so I guess I can look forward to all the new and exciting ways he’s gonna find to crush my spirit.”
He puts down the scissors, drops his towel, and puts on the first clothes he can get his hands on. His brain and the surface of his skin are still buzzing, and he’s distracted enough that he doesn’t even feel the familiar rush of nerves-dread-comfort when he opens his bedroom door to see Steve standing there. He looks tired—exhausted, really—but all evidence of physical wounds has probably healed by now.
“Anthony’s here,” Thor says, face angled down but eyes still up. He lifts an eyebrow then, and Tony takes it as his cue.
It’s such a selfish thing to be afraid of, Tony knows it is. With everything that could go wrong, the blame should be the least of it, but he can’t shake it, the thought that they’re all just waiting for something to go awry, so they can be proved right for the way they’ve treated him in the past.
Tony takes another couple drinks of coffee before setting it down on the bedside tray abruptly, crouching and pulling the tablets out, turning them on one by one.
Steve’s gone already, presumably getting a workout in before the day takes hold. Tony’s impressed with how quietly Steve must’ve slipped out of the room. Normally—barring near-death experiences or post-insomnia crashes—Tony’s a super light sleeper, an annoying-if-sometimes-useful tick Extremis doesn’t seem to have affected at all.
“Ideas for the armor plating, a way to make the seals tighter while expanding range of motion,” he says instead. “Just have to make sure the joints’ll be strong enough to provide full support too. My elbows only bend one way and that’s how I’d like to keep ‘em.”
The ‘jet touches down on one of the skyscraper’s landing pads and the rest of the team starts making their way down to street level.
He feels ill, and he finally understands why Pepper left him. It’s not at all a lack of love, which is what he’s always quietly suspected.
“Yeah, I know,” Tony says, and takes a drink from his coffee. Piping hot, Rhodey even reheated it. “Any thinner though and I’m worried I’ll compromise the socket. T’Challa sent me scans of the anchor still implanted in Barnes’s shoulder, and I really don’t want to have to replace that if I don't have to, but it looks finicky at best, sloppy at worst.”
“Yes,” Steve says immediately. It resounds through the phone and Tony swears under his breath, says a couple of unsavory (unfair) things.
Happy’s eyes dance over to Peter and Steve. “Nothin’ I’m gonna say in front of a minor. Come visit sometime, maybe I’ll tell ya.”
them to work—but there’s only so much Tony can do. And, realistically, he’s done everything he can. He’s opened himself up, offered up things they have no right to, bled for it over and over. For them.
They're at the press meeting some idiot thought to jam between the signing and the gala. A reporter’s asking Captain America if he doesn’t think he’s a sellout for signing (not in so many words, but that’s the gist of it).
When he gets up, he’s almost surprised he isn’t shaking with the force of the freakout he’s apparently worked himself up to. He pulls on sweats and socks, zips up a hoodie without bothering with a shirt, and jams his feet into his tennis shoes on his way out the door, stomp-scuffing his feet along the floor to get them on all the way, even as he grits his teeth and pulls the door shut behind him.
But, no. They’re supposed to be proving they’ve got a handle on the in-fighting. United front, and all that.
He goes up the stairs swiftly, ignoring the elevator entirely. He breezes through the communal floor since it’s only after 9, but it’s just Natasha with a beer and Clint messing around with his phone on the couch. Luckily, Clint doesn’t look up, but Nat does, casually at first and then with a sharp gaze when she takes in Tony’s appearance, his chest heaving, his muscles coiled. His automatic reaction is to pull himself together, say something calm and sharp, lay his hair down flat. The urge to compose himself, to show no weakness, is so strong it’s nearly a compulsion, and—
“No, I’m serious, Pete.  I’m not accusing you, or trying to make you feel bad, or anything.  I’m just saying…it sometimes helps to get everything off your chest.”  Peter looked away; Tony felt like he was losing him.  “You know, I had a therapist for a while.” The teen’s eyes shot back to his.  “Steve made me get one after we started dating.  The memories of Afghanistan were starting to intrude on our relationship.” He let out a laugh.  “I told him I’d only see one if he did too.  I wasn’t about to go down without a fight.”
“On my mark,” Steve commanded. Slowly, he crept past Carol and towards the ship with his shield raised. Rhodey was on his left, Thor and Carol on his right, and everyone else followed behind.
“We're gonna be okay, Tony,” Steve told him. His hand stroked a tear away from Tony's cheek. “We're going to be okay... You can rest now, Tony... You can rest.”
Hologram Tony sighed, shaking his head. Then, he smiled. It was such a gentle, private smile, and despite all of the other people in the room, Steve felt like it was just him and his husband there. Together.
“I wasn't trying to teach her that!” Clint attempted to defend himself, “I didn't even teach her to say-”
“Cap,” Bruce rasped, “I need you to breathe with me, okay? We're gonna inhale for four, hold for four, and breathe out for six. Okay? Just- breathe in with me.” Steve choked on air, gasping for breath as his eyes shut against the outside world. “Okay, good, that's- that's good. Now, hold. And exhale. Exhale.
“Just be glad she can't say her 'f's yet, man,” Sam tried to reassure Clint, patting the other man's shoulder. “Oh God, I can't
“Still is,” Pepper intoned as she stood and smoothed out her skirt. “I've got to get going to the office, but if you and Peggy need anything today, give me a call.”
Rhodey nodded. “Yea, I've gotta get back to base-camp for a mission deployment. The Iron Patriot is needed.”
When Rhodey's voice met his ears, gasping out, “Tones?”, a switch buried deep in the back of Steve's mind flipped.
. The mere seconds it took to cross the field to his husband felt like hours, and as soon as Steve came to a screeching halt in front of Tony, he froze again.
“Don't joke about that,” Bucky scowled as he gathered empty plates and dumped them in the sink for later. “Your Pops and Dad would murder me, bring me back to life, and murder me again if I let you die on my watch.”
Steve felt his heart pumping into his throat when he turned back to Thanos. He could feel his children creeping up on his left, could see his husband hovering to his right. Steve wanted nothing more in that moment than to scoop up Peter and Peggy and Tony and rush them all away from the battle and to the safety of the Mansion-
giving it to you. Because you deserve it. You're ready for it. I'm... no longer able to carry it myself,” Steve admitted, shrugging in faux indifference. “I can't. Because I know it would do more good with somebody else. With
“Yea, yea.” Bucky waved her off before nodding to Peggy. “Go on, kiddo, why don't you go get your blanket and Mr. Peanut.”
And then he dropped his shield and sprinted towards his husband. Distantly, he realized Rhodey was running right behind him, but all Steve could think about was
- but Steve hadn't been able to contact him when they all raced to Wakanda. He assumed that Tony had run off to the school to get-
A steady hand rested on Steve's shoulder, and he turned red-rimmed eyes to see Rhodey looking at him. The older man's eyes were bloodshot too, and he looked more sorrowful than Steve had ever seen him.
Steve listened to Rhodey get mad, listened to Carol's calm response, listened to the sound of Stormbreaker flying across the room shortly followed by Thor's compliment. The whole while, his eyes were locked on the hologram of Earth, rotating slowly on its axis. The world had moved on. It had been two years. Two whole years of going to support groups, knocking the hell out of punching bags, getting closer to Natasha and Rhodey... And the whole while, even going to group and listening to his team- his
And he cried, “AVENGERS!” Feeling eyes boring into him, boring into the enemy army, boring into Thanos himself, Steve pulled together every ounce of strength and righteous fury he could into his next word:
“Yeah, well,” Bruce says, and he doesn’t seem to be awake enough to be overly self-conscious. “It’s exciting to have a lab again.” He pauses to yawn. “Guess I got carried away.”
“You’re telling me,” Steve says. He looks back towards the door for a split second, but Sam’s at least pretended to have gone back to the living room. “How’s Rhodes?”
Even then, he works his way up the ladder: press duty in pairs on a rotation. Nobody objects, though they look annoyed, until the implication that, historically (barring the signing of the Accords), nobody but Tony and Natasha have put out statements since the fall of SHIELD—thrown out there in a snide comment from Rhodey—sinks in a little bit. Still annoyed, they agree relatively easily.
“I can’t help thinking—before Ultron, I feel like I would’ve known. Or, suspected. Minor missions used to be more regular, or—”
Steve gasps behind him and then releases the breath on a strangled moan, all pain-pain-hurt-dread, and Tony grinds his teeth together, squeezing his eyes shut briefly before opening them again to a room awash in a pallet of darkness.
“Have you talked to Steve about this?” Sam asks then, which. Not as hostile as it could’ve been. In fact, it’s downright generous considering—well, considering.
He gets a good deal of the plating constructed and halfway assembled. It’s good. Overall very tedious work, but he gets to use his hands a lot. There’s a new rhythm to his workshop that involves multiple projects—tonight it’s the various aspects of Bucky’s arm and putting the finishing touches on Redwing’s updated code—and a lot of mileage on Tony’s rolly chair. At some point he adds in circuitry work for the arm too, which is trickier, more detailed work, and there’s no room in his head for anything else, and that’s pure bliss.
“Listen, okay?” Rhodey says, and Tony was, thank you very much. “I’d say something corny like ‘the second Steve even thinks about screwing you over again, I’ll pull his dick out through his ear,’ but we both know you’d beat me to it.”
Peter nods, trusting and not terribly troubled by the decision even if he’s still visibly anxious, and the feeling in Tony’s chest threatens to burst.
“Given our track record?” he says. He gets out of the passenger seat and raises his arms over his head to stretch his back. It’s more out of habit now than any actual need to work the kinks out, but it feels good nonetheless, like the slow, careful breaths he takes now, pulling air into his lungs and all the way to the bottom. He closes his eyes and sinks into it before releasing with a sigh. “I think hell might be freezing over.”
At least Tony isn’t glowing in front of him. He assumes that means he won’t be exploding. But, dear Lord, he’s in the same kind of pain Steve remembers from the footage.
There goes an entire pillar of his personality, he supposes. He takes a moment, just a brief one, to be exceptionally annoyed with himself, and then proceeds with his day.
A doctor came in and poked around, but he mostly just asked questions instead of answering them. Which makes sense; Bruce had been in the room first and had at least sounded like he was gearing up to say something before storming off. But—for Extremis to have gone its full course, he had to be out for about 48 hours. He’s not entire sure how long it’s been since Chicago at this point. He’ll ask FRIDAY, but not in front of Sam.
“Tony?” Steve asks, and his voice is sleep-rough, deeper than normal. The relief and sense of pride Tony feels upon hearing it leaves him winded. Clumsily, Steve’s hand flaps around until he catches Tony’s, threading their fingers together so that his palm presses to the back of Tony’s hand.
They’re expending energy they don’t have, but they do it anyway. They don’t have to last indefinitely, Tony reminds himself. If things work out, they only have to hold these things off until the others find and figure out what to do with the queen. Clint and Steve keep up a clear stream of communication, sharing locations and weak spots, and Tony gives input when he can. He focuses on that, on the patterns the Brood are making, on the next target, just one foot in front of the other, metaphorically.
This, unfortunately, is the thing that captures her attention. Wanda’s head whips around and she stares, hot and fiery, at Tony, who’s frozen on the spot.
This is what Tony’s wanted this entire time, this was the possible reality Steve’s betrayal and refusal to compromise took away from them. The lightness of the situation suddenly weighs a ton, hanging over the both of them and reminding Tony the cost he paid to get to this point. He doesn’t know what to think about it, so he just presses slightly more into Steve where they’re already touching without letting Steve know what he’s up to.
“Long time, no see,” a reporter will say. “How much longer you think you’ll keep the superhero thing going? What’s next?”
He can even hear her footsteps echoing in the entryway. She sounds hesitant, but Tony knows she’s just trying not to spook him.
Steve’s different. Has been for a while. They’ve fought side-by-side too, and it feels just as natural to anticipate each other’s moves on the battlefield. But they’re not brothers. Steve and Tony don’t run as deep as Tony and Rhodey do, not yet, but they burn hot. Rhodey’s a moat, deep and wide and surrounding, protective, a buffer against the rest of the world, and Steve’s a channel of molten lava, blazing a path, making scars.
They both hit the target, of course. Clint actually does end up winning the competition, but only barely, and Tony suspects the victory rests squarely on Clint’s sheer level of experience with and intimate knowledge of the laws of physics, something Vision forgets from time to time since they only sporadically apply to him. Sam had gotten bored at some point and wandered off, but Bruce and Thor had been drawn in by the cheering and booing.
“Are you okay?” Steve asks, no hesitation. Tony laughs a wet-sounding laugh, and he half wants to tear his way out of his skin for how exposed he feels.
Since when does he need approval? He’d thought he was being mature these days, so why does this feel like a defeat? It’s one thing to check with his team before acting on their behalf or doing something that affects them, but since when does that include every personal decision?
“Captain America’s bullying me,” Tony says. “Didn’t you do a PSA about bullying? You should really know better.”
It takes a few seconds, but the kiss shifts. Steve’s fingernails scratch along his scalp as his fingers curl into the too-long hair there, his tongue enters the equation, and it feels insistent. In response, Tony lets his own mouth become more desperate—
Vision and Wanda made a platter with cheese and crackers after Natasha explained what she thought was going on. Steve took a small plate of a bunch of different things and Tony admitted that, yeah, he was pretty hungry, so he started picking at it. Sam and Bucky resumed their Backgammon showdown and Clint called winner. It turned into a tournament from there. It was competitive, but nobody got too crazy. Tony stayed on the chair with Steve where they rearranged to drape the blanket over the both of them, and on the edges of the conversation, adding something every now and then.
The queen doesn’t make any noise that Steve can hear, but then he remembers the hive mind at play. The aliens stop fighting, but stand at the ready, watching the Avengers and National Guard officers at the perimeter. Steve holds his shield at the ready for a moment, but he realizes that the Brood aren’t going to be the first to stand down. He swings his shield back and activates the mag-strips so it latches onto the straps. It brushes over the road rash on one of his shoulders, and he hisses out a breath. He starts making his way over to Thor’s team where they’re standing beside the queen, quieting his breathing as he goes.
And holy shit, Pepper’s here too, standing beyond the foot of his bed in the little room, up against the wall, arms crossed. Did he sleep through his birthday? Or Armageddon?
Even then, it’s still early when he heads out, but he can hear voices before he even gets to the elevator. Indistinct and more of a hum than anything, but he can still hear it. The lights are brighter out here than he’s been keeping them in his room, and even with the added lens between his eyes and the world, it’s a little much.
“Good to be back,” Tony says, grins back with his hands in his pockets. He feels unfit for human interaction, strange, his skin still tingling and the lights are too bright. The world is pressing in on him, and these two—the veterans’ counselor and the master spy—will be able to tell. Even so, it’s not a lie. He’s glad he’s back, and happy to see them unharmed and okay.
He’d forgotten to grab the HUD glasses on his way out of his room, and his mind definitely wanders, but with most of the floor still dark and most people in the compound either asleep or too far away for him to hear, he manages to follow the plot of the movie and, even more miraculous still, to relax against Steve’s side. Half the movie passes and they only move to readjust their positions, Tony kicking his socked feet up onto the couch, leaning his head back against Steve’s chest, and Steve moving his hand to rest lightly on Tony’s chest. The weight of it, of them, Steve-and-Tony, of Sokovia and Leipzig and Siberia and Chicago, of the Tower and Malibu and the apple orchard, they all press down around Tony as he feels Steve’s hand pressing so carefully against his own chest.
“I have a heart condition,” Tony says, clutching at his chest. Bruce, the bastard, just snores louder and squirms to find a comfortable position against the counter. His neck’s going to be killing him later and Tony’s not going to feel bad about it at all.
It’s harder to argue with that voice. It’s been proven right many times in recent years. The wounds of Yinsen, Ultron, Pepper—Exhibits A through Z all flash through his mind. The Avengers are still here, he reminds himself, at least mostly. And he needs to use what he’s learned from the other failures to keep this one thing afloat.
He lingers still. He’s got Steve and Sam pretty much covered. Convinced. Probably Clint, if only because the man won’t stage another rebellion with his family on the line. Scott, too, for much the same reason as Clint, though Tony admits he doesn’t know the man quite well enough to be sure. Wanda’s a wildcard, and a powerful one. She holds sway for Steve and Clint. Nat feels safe, after all the work she’s put into the team coming back together. Bruce, Thor, Bucky, Vision—question marks. Of course, he likes to think he knows what to expect of them, but he thought they’d work everything out the first time around.
He leaned back against the chair behind him.  He knew how terrible he looked.  The feel of his ribs around the arc reactor, of his collarbones and his cheekbones jutting out with malnutrition, wasn’t a pleasant one.   He rubbed a hand over his filled in beard.
“I thought you’d never ask.” Peter said, already pulling out his phone and heading for the door.  “The usual, Dad?”
Peter shut himself away in his room and Tony wasn’t about to barge in and force him to talk.  Peter never responded well to force, so Tony had to make himself more available for the boy to come talk to if he felt like it.  He was just like Steve in that respect.  Tony always threw himself into his work to distract his brain from looking too closely to any of his feelings.  Steve liked to sulk in private, shove each thing he felt under a microscope and pick it apart until it was unrecognizable, then unload it all onto someone.
Everyone stood, Peter supporting his father and Quill holding Mantis in his arms. It was only then that Mantis looked to the sky and whimpered, “Something's happening...”
Bucky and Bruce watched the scene with bated breaths, glancing at one another as Sam stared at the shield. After several long, tense moments, Sam's shocked face turned to an easy smile. “I don't know if I'm worthy of it,” he said slowly, taking the shield from Steve and placing it on his arm. “But I think I'm ready to try to be.”
It was at that wonderful, blissful moment of Clint's life that baby Peggy decided to try her hand at pronouncing her 'f's. The word came out from her lips more like “
“No, no, no- she's saying my name!” Clint insisted. He moved his chair to face Peggy fully, scooting up to be face-to-face with his niece. The baby was shoving Cheerios in her mouth, blinking owlishly up at Clint. “Say it again, Peggy! Say Clint! Cl-int. Clllllint.
Only a year later, when Peggy charged off into an alien invasion with her eyes blaring and magic runes charging around her fists, did Bucky realize just how misguided he was.
could have been the one to commit to that sacrifice. He was flawed, was broken, was half the man his husband had been. If he could have been the one to wield the gauntlet, to destroy Thanos and save their family...
? Your kids just lost their only other parent, and you really wanna risk your ass trying to go back in time to put some fucking rocks back in their places?”
“Hey! I have my food, you have yours,” Clint teased the baby, touching a finger to her button nose. “Now eat up, champ! You wanna grow big and strong like your Pops, right?”
Sam's chest picked up again with the name, and he turned to smile at his friends. “I'm gonna need a suit first.”
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!((NO Endgame spoilers in this chapter; it was written before I saw Endgame))!!!!!!!!!!!
So instead, Steve turned to face Thanos head-on, squaring his shoulders, Mjolner in one hand and his shield in the other.
. And then Steve noticed Peggy behind Okoye and Shuri, the girl grinning from ear to ear as she powered up magic runes around her wrists.
Tony used nanites to sew up the aching stab wound in his side, watching as Quill tried in vain to grab Thanos. Blue smoke appeared behind Thanos, and he disappeared.
Steve's jaw clenched as he thought it over. Sure, he felt a sense of responsibility over the stones, but... his friends had a point. Peter and Peggy may have been grown up now, but they still needed their father... And Tony had made Steve promise to be there for their grandkids anyways. So if something went wrong and Steve was unable to do that...
“No,” Steve said readily. “This belonged to my husband... and since he's not here to give it to you,
“M'not sick,” Peggy mumbled, flushing as her embarrassment from earlier came back full-force. “M'just... uh... I...”
Steve felt the tears coming on, and he was helpless to stop them. His arms wrapped around his husband once more, and this time he held Tony in a vice. Like his life depended on it.
Pepper, donning her Iron Woman armor, and Rhodey, in his War Machine suit, were standing above where Peggy and Peter were sprawled out in front of Tony. Peter had an arm wrapped around Peggy, holding her tight to his chest, as the girl's hands held onto Tony's face.
His husband, his son, his daughter... All gone. All dead, dusted by the mere snap of Thanos's fingers.
It was Bruce who spoke up next. “I'm actually with the Sergeant on this one,” he told Steve. “You have too much to lose, Cap.”
“War Machine,” Peggy insisted around a mouthful of waffle. At Rhodey's disapproving glance, she cried indignantly, “What?! It's
Peggy gave her uncle a face, screwing up her nose in a very bunny-like fashion. She reached for more Cheerios, and Clint blocked her hand. “Nope! Gotta say 'Clint' first, baby!”
“Seconded,” Bucky piped in with a smirk. He smacked a hand on Sam's back, urging him towards the machine Bruce had set up in the middle of the forest. “Come back to us, Sam, or I'll have to be all heroic and run in after you... Now get on with it,
The man's eyes went wide when he realized what Steve was offering him. “Steve, I can't... This belongs to
And there they stood, the remaining members of the Stark-Rogers family, until every other hero had filtered out. No words were exchanged, only solemn looks and nods. Everyone understood. It had been a necessary sacrifice.
It was Carol who charged ahead of the group, her fists blazing as she threw open the front doors of the Compound. Steve was shortly after her, and everyone else quickly gathered in the entryway. A spaceship, all battered silver and blue lights, was hovering a few feet above the grassy field.
But then again... Steve would never have been able to do it, to wield the gauntlet. He wasn't strong enough, wasn't brave enough,
I wasn't planning on writing Tony and Peter's scene, but somebody convinced me... This was very, very painful. hahahAHAHA i'm dying inside.
Unable to speak, Steve nodded, and allowed himself and his children to be shepherded into the cabin by Rhodey.
Steve's head popped up, his wet eyes staring at Carol. The woman's calm demeanor was gone, her eyes fiery with the fury of a thousand suns as she stared at the grieving couple in front of her. She nodded as though to reaffirm her statement. “We'll get them back-
“Speaking of Peter,” Sam began, sitting down at the table, “doesn't he have a spelling bee coming up this week? Steve invited me, but I'm not sure I can make it what with Fury breathing down my neck about this Budapest mission.”
. Emaciated, dirty, scars littering his face and arms. His clothes were torn, and his cheeks were gaunt. The bags under his eyes looked more like bruises, and his eyes themselves... They were empty. Dead. Tony was a ghost of his former self, and it
Bruce cleared his throat. “Guys, I know this isn't a great situation, but we have to think about the multiverse! We need to decide who-”
Peter's arms were wrapped tightly around his chest, as though he were cold, or as though he was trying to hold himself together.
“Tony,” Steve began again, voice breaking on a sob. “Tony, are you- are you okay? What the hell happened?” Steve pulled back, his arms still wrapped around Tony's torso, to look into Tony's eyes-
It was Rhodey who spoke next, his hand clamping down on his friend's shoulder. “We kick Thanos's wrinkly ass to kingdom-fucking-come.”
“Okay, kiddo,” Bucky wiped the nervous look off his face and replaced it with a reassuring smile. “Let's get you cleaned up, okay? FRIDAY, lights at fifty percent, please.”
,” Bucky ground out, fists clenching at his sides as he glared at his best friend. “Stevie, I know you're hurting, but this isn't the way to-”
Tony's eyes fell closed, weariness filling his bones when he heard Quill cry out, “Where'd he go?! Did- Did we just
And Tony waited. He waited and waited. Waited for something to happen, for Nebula to speak again, for
“Suit up,” Steve ordered, grabbing his own shield. Red, white, and blue stared up at him, and Steve had to swallow down the painful memories the shield brought. When he and Tony had made up after their fight about the Accords and Bucky, Tony had returned the shield to his husband.
Peggy blushed at the mention of her favorite stuffed animal. “I don't need that silly otter!” she insisted even as she stood and marched off to her room to fetch Mr. Peanut. “And I'm not gonna bring home a
Steve's head whirled to see a neon orange circle, with sparks flying, open up in the middle of the battlefield. He felt his heart thudding harshly behind his sternum when he saw T'Challa emerge with Shuri and Okoye, all of them battle ready.
The message from Tony was filmed via his Iron Man helmet. Steve sat pressed between Peter and Peggy on the couch as Tony addressed each and every one of his family members individually: Happy, Pepper, Rhodey, Peter, Peggy... And then the hologram said his name.
Then, the bay doors to the ship opened, and a ramp fell to the ground. Everyone tensed, readying themselves for the oncoming fight.
Tony stepped forward, away from his son, and watched in horror as Mantis disappeared in a wave of ashes. The man continued to watch, in utter shock, as Drax faded away as well. Tony turned to Quill, taking a quick step forward, and commanded, “Steady, Quill.”
Peter had been much older when he was adopted, nearly four years old. So, seeing Steve and Tony with such a tiny human being was a little shocking. But Peggy easily became part of the Avengers' daily routines. Thor would practically beg Steve to feed her every time she needed to eat, and Clint all but comandeerd bath-time, ignoring Rhodey's jealous protests of “You have your own kids!” The two men finally made a freaking schedule for who got to bathe the baby. Natasha would sing Russian lullabies to Peggy when she thought no one else was listening, and Bruce took great pleasure in teaching the baby her shapes and colors. Of course, her parents got plenty of time with her, too. Tony wouldn't dare let her down in the labs, but he was always there whenever Peggy had nightmares or got fussy, shockingly always the first one out of his and Steve's bed. And Steve would have tummy-time with his daughter, and when she got older, art-time. Steve was thrilled that his daughter seemed to take more after his creative side than Tony's scientific side, and Tony was always framing Peggy's pictures for his lab and office.
Steve steeled himself, clenching his jaw. He glanced up at his team and realized they were all looking at him. Waiting for a response. Because he was still their team leader, no matter what kind of hell Thanos had wrought upon them.
“Sorry, Cap, but I'm not gonna let you risk your children's lives over some sense of obligation you have.” A grin broke out on Sam's face. “Besides, I didn't get a chance to time-travel earlier. It's only fair I get to now.”
my fault, for once,” Tony corrected the younger man. He placed Peggy back in her high-chair and fed her more Cheerios when she reached for the box. “I can't believe Barton's a father.”
Steve jumped about a foot in the air, whirling around to stare at his daughter, bewildered. Peggy had wriggled out of Clint's grip and, upon seeing her Papa, decided to share her newest vocabulary word with him. “Cunt!” she cheered, pointing as well as a baby could at her Uncle Clint. “Cunt, Cunt, Cunt,
“Hey, hey, nothing to cry about. This is... natural,” Bucky finished off as he led his niece back to her bedroom. “Why don't you go get cleaned up in the bathroom, and I'll change your sheets, okay?”
A rush of defeat ran through Tony's body, and he wearily turned to Strange. “Why did you do that?” he whispered out. Now there was only one stone left. If Thanos got to Vision... If he got the last stone...
Tony couldn't finish the thought, his eyes falling shut as if to push away the nightmares. He felt like a little child again... If he couldn't see the bad things, then they weren't happening.
Steve was about to protest further, but a combination of his sore muscles, fuzzy vision, and Clint's glare made him relent. “Just an hour more,” he promised, stumbling backwards towards his room. “Just an... hour... or two.”
The man opened his mouth to speak, but only a dry gasp came out. Steve shushed him, leaning in to kiss his forehead. Pulling back, Steve stared into Tony's eyes, pouring out all of the love he felt for his husband, his children, his team,
“I- I don't feel so good-” Peter choked out, raising his hands to look at them. His gaze, wet with tears, lifted to look at his father.
Bucky hadn't been comfortable with the baby at first. Despite all the years that went by, he still harbored mixed feelings about himself and his Hydra days. No matter how much the whole team insisted that they weren't his fault, Bucky just didn't feel that Peggy was safe around him. After about three months of avoiding his niece, Tony plopped Peggy down in his lap and said, “Margaret needs her Uncle Bucky time,” and swiftly ran off to his lab. Bucky was bewildered- terrified- at first, but one gummy smile from Peggy later and he was wrapped around her tiny finger. Bucky was always the first one to volunteer to take her on walks to the park, or out for ice-cream, or just to babysit at Avenger's Mansion. And as Peggy grew, Bucky's love for her only strengthened.
Steve waited, watched around himself, to see the battle still raging. His brows furrowed in a confused relief- why hadn't it worked? Why was everyone still there? And where the
“I- I don't know what's happening-” Peter rambled out, tripping over himself as he scurried over towards his father. Tony was approaching him just as rapidly, and the two met in the middle in a pile of limbs. Tony's arms wrapped around his son, supporting the young man as Peter fell to his knees. “D-Dad-” Peter sobbed, wrapping his arms around his father's back. “I don't wanna go, Dad, I don't wanna go, I don't wanna go-” Peter repeated the mantra as Tony helped him to lie back against the dusty ground of the god-forsaken planet they'd been dragged to.
“Told him to get more sleep,” Clint informed his friend as he went to the cupboard to grab out some cereal and baby food. “Poor guy was freaking exhausted.”
“Tony,” Steve spoke more confidently, his voice unerring as he drew his husband to face him. One hand went to cup Tony's jaw, the other gripping the man's own shaking hand in a vice. “We can do this. We owe it to them- to Peter, to Peggy, Bucky, Sam, Wanda- to everyone else who isn't here.”
Peggy sat in front of her uncle on the soft bed, wiggling a bit as water dripped from her bangs. Her curly brown locks were ever reminiscent of her namesake's, and Bucky was finding himself feeling rather nostalgic at it. When he finished drying and combing the girl's hair, Bucky craned his neck to see her face. The shower hadn't done the girl any favors in helping lull her back to sleep, and it was nearly five anyhow. “How about some pancakes?” he asked gently, to which Peggy screwed her nose up like a baby bunny.
Steve stood and watched by the edge of the water as the wreath of flowers surrounding the arc reactor floated away. His breath hitched when he felt Peggy lean into his side, grabbing onto his suit jacket and sobbing quietly into his chest. Peter's hand encircled his father's, holding on tightly as the young man cried silent tears of his own. Steve raised a hand to Peggy's head, stroking her hair, and used his grip on Peter's hand to tug his son into an embrace.
Tony's voice sounded even more horrible than he looked, as though it hadn't been used for the entire two years he had been missing- the entire two years Steve had thought he was
Peggy giggled maniacally, hugging her Daddy's arm and patting her Papa's chest as she babbled on in a mix of baby words and curse words.
“Where- Where is she?” Tony gasped out. “Steve, where is- where is Peggy? Where's my baby? Where is she, Steve,
“You are already, even if you don't see it,” Steve told his friend honestly. “And you'd better come back to us anyways, Wilson, or I'll come after your ass.”
Clint's eyes nearly bugged out of his head, and Sam spewed coffee onto the table. Natasha threw back her head and cackled. Peggy seemed to like the way her family was reacting to her babbling, so she bounced in her seat and chirped, “Cunt! Cunt! Cunt! Cunt!”
“Uncle Buuuuck,” Peggy whined once more, though she leaned into the cool metal of her uncle's hand for some kind of relief. “I'm not
It broke Steve's heart to hear his daughter call him that. Peggy had moved on to calling him 'Pops' like Peter had, and the last time Steve heard her call him 'Papa' had been nearly seven years ago, back before she disappeared into thin air...
“We can do this,” Natasha spoke up. Her arms were crossed over her chest, and her face was resolute. “Together. As a team.”
Sam chuckled as he plated some food and set it in front of Clint. “Lord knows that Peter talks just as much as his Dad. I'm hoping Peggy will be more of a Rogers-kiddo.”
That was the sight that Tony walked in on only moments later- Natasha collapsed on the kitchen bar, her body shaking from laughter. Sam was practically rolling around on the floor. Clint was jumping over chairs and Sam, dodging Steve's attempts to swat him with the spatula. And Steve, with his daughter cradled in one arm, reached out and managed to snag Clint's collar, swinging the man over his shoulder and tossing him past Natasha and onto the couch in the living room.
Bucky was drawn out of his ruminating by Peggy walking out of the bathroom, freshly showered and dressed in her pajamas. He hadn't even noticed her grab them from outside the door. “C'mere, angel,” Bucky reached out for the towel in her hands. “Let me dry your hair.”
A heavy sense of dread filled Tony's chest, and he whipped his head around to see his son stumbling towards him. No, not Peter. Not my baby boy. No, no, no-
“Okay, doll,” he sighed, standing up and reaching a hand out to the girl. “You got your stuff in your bathroom?”
,” Clint countered, cocking an eyebrow in a way that was very reminiscent of Natasha. Steve would bet money that was where he had learned it. “Get on back to bed. I'll take care of Peggy, and once you wake up from your beauty-sleep, you can play with her, okay?”
Bucky would recognize that sweet, angelic voice anywhere. He remembered back to the day when Steve and Tony had brought home the squirming little red-faced baby angel, remembered holding her with shaky hands and wide eyes as she let out the kind of squealing-coo noise that only newborns could. Without looking up from the precious cargo in his arms, Bucky addressed the couple in front of him, “What'd you name her?”
Bucky was no stranger to be woken up in the middle of the night. Between missions, nightmares, and his beautiful niece and nephew, he rarely got a good eight hour's sleep. So, when he woke up to creaking footsteps in his doorway, he didn't groan or whine. He merely rolled over in bed, blinking in the dim light, and called out, “Who's it?”
Natasha bit her cheek to keep from laughing harder. “Not to mention what Auntie Pepper's gonna say.”
“C'mon, kiddo,” Clint pulled out his phone, setting it to record. “I wanna shove it in your Daddy's face that you said my name before his! Go on, now.
Tony's throat was raw, his mouth dry and eyes wet, when his son stared up at him and whimpered, “I'm sorry, Dad...”
Carol and Thor grinned, and Natasha smiled faintly. Clint nodded, and there was the same resolution in his eyes that Steve felt in his chest. One by one, everyone gave their assent. And then, just as Carol opened her mouth- likely to start brainstorming a game-plan- an alert popped up on the map in front of Steve. He frowned at the red dot, confusion coloring his features.
Tony's head lifted from Steve's shoulder weakly, but he didn't turn to look at Carol. “How?” he asked. “How the hell are we bringing back the dead?”
With eggs scrambled, bacon sizzling, and pancakes flipping, he was on his A-game.  Still didn’t stop the shriek he let out when Peter spooked him.
Carol gave a thumb up and disappeared again.  Tony felt the ship start moving and saw the stars start to blur.
Laura rounded the corner, a small smile on her face.  “Oh Tony,” she motioned for him to come closer, enveloping him in a strong hug.  He clutched back after a second, thankful for her kindness.  “How have you been?”
Tony shook the thoughts from his head.  No time for personal feelings.  The announcer was finishing their opening statements and a woman with a headset on motioned for him to make his way on stage.  He put on his blue sunglasses against the harsh lights of the auditorium and to mask whatever emotion decided to unwittingly slip into his eyes.  The announcer gave him the podium and he gave his blinding publicity smile to the audience, full of news reporters and cameras.
“Got it!” Peter called out, swinging over to try to web up Maw.  He was greeted by a flying billboard hitting him in the face.  “Not cool, Squidward!” he yelled out, grinning at Tony’s burst of laughter.
Tony grimaced, at war in his head over what was more important, protecting Peter for what little time it took for Thanos to come to Earth or saving the world and trying to protect Peter while he was doing it.  It wasn’t too hard of a decision to make.
The memory was unexpected and just as painful as the one the shield sparked in the man.  In the picture, the only lines on Tony’s face were from happiness and Steve was looking up at Peter in pure adoration.  It gutted him to know that it had all been a sham.
Lying there on the concrete, Tony felt his walls and armor build up around the remains of his heart.  It had taken so long for Steve to chip away at his mask where Tony had felt comfortable enough to be vulnerable with another human being. It had taken years for his walls to be torn down, and it only took seconds for them to be built back up. He felt the cold emptiness settle in his chest, exactly where the arc reactor had been, and
“Oh,” Tony put the fork down.  “Well, yeah, of course you can call him.  He gave you the phone for a reason, right?  Do you…do you know what you’re going to say?”
“It’s just…none of my friends understand what I’m going through. They all keep talking about their family drama, their family vacations, how their mom’s have been hounding them to study, whatever!  And all I can think is that Pops left me and won’t come back!  Was I not good enough, Dad?” he spit out, tears leaving wet tracks down his cheeks.  “Did he not love us enough?”
“Oh come on, you don’t hate it, you just hate not understanding it right away.”  She grumbled in agreement.  “You know, you can call me anytime if you don’t get something.”
Tony rolled his eyes playfully.  “This time, maybe.”  The door unlocked, letting the two onto the roof.  There was a fire going already in the fire pit that had some chairs haphazardly placed around it.  The last time they had used this was before the team had fought Ultron.
Murmurs of “Dad, that’s the best one, no competition” and “Nah kid, the fizzlers are obviously the best” could be heard between the loud cracks of the fireworks in the sky.  The show seemed to be over too soon, ending with the sky full of bright explosions of color scattered across the bridge.  Cheers from the citizens of New York floated up to their viewpoint, signaling the end of a good Independence Day.
Even though Steve wasn’t there, they were still going to celebrate.  Tony didn’t want the absence of his other father to completely ruin Peter’s holidays.
Tony jutted out his jaw in thought.  “Nice.  Good.  Gotta love a moral compass.”  He turned towards Peter.  “Okay, Pete.  I’m declaring you a full Avenger now,” he stated, using his arm to knight him.
Her face fell.  “I was hoping Clint would call by now.”  He had no words of comfort to offer her. “Well, I was going to make some pasta for dinner if you’re not too busy.”
“Got it,” Tony replied.  He knew what the video was.  Peter had laughed about it for hours after coming home from his first detention. Tony couldn’t even be angry at the kid for getting detention in the first place.  He had ordered FRIDAY to pull up the video Peter was talking about and they had proceeded to make fun of Steve for the rest of the week about it.  Steve had tried to be stern and lecture Peter, but it was too similar to the video for him to be taken seriously.  Tony had lectured Pete later, after finding out it was related to him skipping class to be Spider-Man, which Steve didn’t know about yet, and Peter had promised to keep his detentions to a minimum.
Tony inhaled against the nerves thrumming in him as he walked through the ship.  “Star Trek never really portrayed the whole
“Ross, if you shut your fat mouth for one second, you would realize that the Raft is completely unsustainable for the future of our nations!  America has one of the worst prison systems in the world, and even then American prisons allow for basic rights!  Like visitations, classes, contact with other inmates, and therapeutic programs to help the inmates rehabilitate and learn from their actions and repent!  The Raft does no such thing.  If we want a jail for supers and villains, we need to create a version of one that would allow them the same decency we offer in the regular prison system!” Tony stated, gesturing to the slides he had on the projector that showed the current living conditions at the Raft side-by-side with those of a typical American prison.
Laura sat down heavily in the chair across from them and set two Cokes on the table.  “You really know how to woo a gal.”
“Surprisingly, it was one of the easier meetings so far.” Tony admitted, gratefully swallowing the pills.  “Ross was an ass, as usual, but I got the rest convinced to stop using the Raft as a prison.  A win.”
“Okay, Tony.” She whispered, grabbing his hand.  “That’s going to be harder to control, as the world’s going to want a statement from you when you’re ready.” She looked him in the eye, imploring him to tell the truth.  “How are you, really?”
If Steve had been here, if the fight had never happened, this would have been one of the best days of Tony’s life.
“Peter?!” Tony yelled, holding off a fist.  “Why the hell aren’t you in school right now, young man?”
“Good morning.  You all know the reason I’m here today, so I’ll cut to the chase.  Yes, I fully support the Sokovia Accords and I encourage everyone to support them as well.  They are in place to protect the general populace of the planet as well as to protect supers from themselves.  They are meant to hold supers accountable for their actions and allow civilians to have a say in what supers can and cannot do.  I do believe that the Accords will need amendments, as we all know that the first draft is rarely used in its entirety.  Take a look at the United States Constitution, for example!  It has 27 amendments to this day.  It has morphed and changed with time, and that is what the Accords will do as it becomes integrated into our societies.
Tony had spent the better part of the hour trying to convince Pepper to give him a StarkPad so he could at least tinker around and keep his mind occupied.  She wasn’t having it, arguing that he would over work himself and have to stay in the hospital longer than he needed to.
Tony hit the hold button to bring Ross back on the speaker.  “Sorry about that, I’m a bit busy.  What was it that you were saying?”
He ignored Peppers exasperated look as Peter gave him a hug.  “I’ll be back in an hour,” he said as he swept out the room in search of Happy.
“You know that breach was Rogers.  Ross knows it too,” the man pointed out.  He frowned and looked at the ground.  “We both have seen the Raft, Tones.  It’s not pretty.”
“Shit,” Tony muttered, turning away from the men.  He rubbed his beard before admitting “Probably Steve Rogers.”
Pepper let out a startled laugh.  “That’s actually been the easiest part of my week so far.  Everyone’s taking your side.”
Watching the love of his life lie to his face and then walk away from the family he had worked so hard for left Tony completely empty.
Scott nodded, shoulders drooping at the words.  “Yeah, I know.  I just want to see my little girl again.  I’m so tired of running.”
Tony turned the helmet off, biting his lip before setting it to the side.  Lying with his back to the cold emptiness of space and his jacket draped on him, he fell asleep.
“I’m going to go batshit crazy without anything to distract me, Pep.  I’m going to sneak out of here and go to the workshop and start building a new suit—“
“No!  I do know, and I know everything that happened in Siberia.  I had to suffer through the fallout and try to piece Dad back together afterwards.”  He gave a dark chuckle at the gasp from Steve.  “You thought I wouldn’t know, Pops?  He wasn’t breathing when he came back.”
Dinner consisted of six boxes of Peter’s favorite pizza from the parlor down the road.  Tony knew better than to believe that Pete, Ned, and MJ wouldn’t eat a whole box each.  He was even willing to bet that Peter would shovel down two whole pizzas.
He gripped the edge of one of the plates, finding the button he had put to dismantle the armor in case he was trapped, like in that cave, in that wormhole to the void of space, under Steve’s shield, always trapped, always need a contingency, always—
“I just wanted to have a little freedom!  Be that friendly, neighborhood Spider-Man again, helping little old ladies from getting robbed and scaring off bullies.”
to give me a goddamn heart attack?” Rhodey yelled, rolling to the side of the bed.  He glanced at the redhead next to Tony and the boy at the end of the bed.  “Hi Pepper.  Hey Pete.”
Tony had shot a pointed look at Clint, who rolled his eyes and joined the argument that it was “a useful skill too, Peter.  Do you know how many times my bow and arrow has saved your dumb dad’s life?”
Peter was on him in an instant.  “Dad!”  He felt weight leave his hand and move to his shoulder.  Tony looked at his son, trying to force the fear and despair from his eyes but knowing he was failing miserably at the heartbreak mirrored in Peter’s face.  “I’m sorry, Dad.”
Hour after taking off, Tony had collapsed in feverish pain.  The stab would was an angry red and his whole abdomen felt as though it was on fire.
He sighed as he poured the liquid from the glass down the sink.  No use breaking the promise he made now.  Instead, he filled up a small pot with milk and placed it on the stovetop.
Strange tumbled forward, gasping for breath.  “I went forward in time to view alternate futures.  To see all possible outcomes of the coming conflict.  I saw 14,000,605.”
Peter looked stricken, mouth gaping, eyes wide and shining with tears.  His mouth moved silently, the only sound being a slight whine coming from him.
“Flash Gordan?  That’s a compliment, you know,” Quill shot back.  “Don’t forget, I’m half human.  So that 50% of me that’s stupid?  That’s 100% you,” he jabbed a finger towards Tony and Peter.
Nebula had stayed furiously silent throughout his stories, only breaking it when he started getting choked up talking about the suit upgrades they had planned for Peter’s suit.  She didn’t move from her spot under the control panel, still tinkering with the beacon to try to make it stronger, when she asked, “He was your son?”
“Hey Pete,” he spoke, combing his fingers through the boy’s hair. “Wakey wakey sunshine. Your Aunt Pep’s here.”
“I’m Tony,” he explained softly, gripping the little fist in a handshake.  “I met you when you were still in your mama.”
The stab of the blade through his abdomen barely registered until Thanos dropped him to the ground.  “You have my respect, Stark,” Thanos confessed.  “When I’m done, half of humanity will still be alive.  I hope they remember you.”
Methodically, Tony and Peter were able to transfer all of Tony’s stuff into a guest room.  The boy had grimaced at the mess Tony had caused, but didn’t say anything, for which Tony was grateful.  The pain of his broken ribs was getting close to unbearable when Peter spoke.  “One last thing, Dad, then it’s to the couch for you.”
Tony took the box, giving a look when he felt the weight of it.  He opened it and grinned at what he saw.
Dr. Cho grimaced, looking down at her clipboard and speaking quietly. “Your chest collapsed after you were brought in to us.  You had a collapsed lung, with the other quickly filling with blood.  Your ribs were severely fractured.  This caused your diaphragm to cave in.”  She looked up, grim.  “You heart stopped shortly after.  We implanted the arc reactor as structural support for your chest, and to also implement small shocks to your heart so that it continues beating properly.  I truly am sorry, Mr. Stark, but we will never be able to take it out again after this.  Your diaphragm and heart are too weak to sustain themselves.”
She ran towards the cockpit, stuttering to a halt at the sight of the woman.  She cocked her head and opened her mouth, but was cut off.
They puttered around the kitchen, Tony chopping the vegetables while Peter put together the stock and spices.  Next was the meat and setting the pot to simmer for an hour while everything cooked.
“Yeah,” Peter whispered, clutching at the paper as he read it.  Tony leaned over him to read the neat scrawl over his shoulder.
The boy nodded, getting up to set his finished plate in the sink.  “I’m, uh, going to call him then.”
Tony sunk to the dirt floor, sitting against the wheel of the tractor.  It felt like he couldn’t catch his breath.
When she had gone up and down the wound thrice, she stabbed him in the neck with a syringe.  “This will also help.”
Tony gulped as the harsh truth came back to him.  Maybe he had come back in the night.  Maybe he’d be in the kitchen, cooking some breakfast for him and some lunch for Peter.  Maybe he’d be waiting with a soft ‘aw shucks” smile and an apology on his lips.
“And you should be resting,” Peter stated, hands going to his hips.  “The doctor said you shouldn’t do anything other than rest for the next 2 months.”  Tony rolled his eyes and Peter threw his hands up in the air.  “If you won’t rest, can I at least do the heavy lifting?”
“Perfectly,” he said, standing up.  He ruffled Nathaniel’s hair as he walked out.  “If you ever need anything, please don’t hesitate to call.  I can bring whatever on Saturday or any other day.”
“Nooo!” Peter wailed out, sprinting up the steps after the man.  “FRIDAY don’t let him through that door!”
He had just found the cocoa powder buried in the back of the spice cabinet when he heard a soft, “Dad?”  He turned, eyes taking in the sight of Peter, sleep rumpled and red eyed.  “I can’t sleep,” the teen mumbled, swiping his sleeve under his nose, no doubt to wipe off the dripping mucus and surreptitiously mop up his tear tracks.
Strange lifted his head, nodding as he gathered himself.  He started to stand before collapsing back onto the ground.  “Give me a minute.”
“Oh, you know, in between running a company, arguing with stuck-up politicians, and being a father, things have been going well,” Tony waved off her concern with a smile.
“Yes, Mr. Stark.  I’ll speak to the principal about removing it from the detention program altogether.”
Peter smiled, “Yeah.”  The fork clattered against the plate as he set it down.  “I guess—I know he left, I know that, but I still feel bad because he’s out there alone when he should be here with us.  And that’s stupid to feel because it was his decision and you’ve tried to get him to come back and he wouldn’t, but I just miss him and I guess I just wanted to wish him a Merry Christmas.”
“Got it,” FRIDAY replied, activating the parachute in Peter’s suit, causing the boy to be pulled towards Earth.
“He left us!” Peter cried out, slamming the note next to the phone.  “He doesn’t have the right to call me his son anymore.”
Strange shook his head, plucking the Time Stone from the atmosphere above him.  He ignored Tony’s desperate yells and let the Stone float to Thanos.
“Okay, so we go to him. I need you to understand though,” Strange trailed off, emphasizing with his hands.  “If it comes to saving you, or Peter, or the Time Stone, I will not hesitate to let either of you die.  The fate of the universe depends on this Stone.”
“The defendant is hereby required to report to the office of Secretary Ross to sign the Accords and the agreement to give up the Ant-Man suit and any and all business with Dr. Hank Pym.  The defendant will be sent to his home in San Francisco and fitted with an ankle monitor. He will be placed on house arrest for two years followed by parole.  Dismissed.”
He set it down next to the dog tags on the bureau and walked out of the room, shutting the door and leaning heavily against the wall across from it.  “FRIDAY, lock that door.  Only allow me and Pete entry with our override codes verbally spoken.”
“Doesn’t say,” Tony muttered, ripping open the end of the box.  His hand came in contact with an envelope, marked with his name written in neat scrawl.  “Shit.”  His face went cold.
Tony inhaled a breath between his teeth.  “Ah, see, that’s the thing.”  Bruce gave him a look.  “Vision turned off his transponder two weeks ago.  He’s offline.”
“Shut up, you jerk,” she ground out, holding onto him tighter before letting him go in favor of giving Peter a hug and kiss on the head.  “Hi Pete.”
“Where were you, young man?” he asked, crossing his arms.  “Is that the suit?  Peter, have you not been listening to me every time I tell you that you can’t be Spider-Man while the Accords are still being hashed out?”
The teenager nodded, letting tears slip out as he grabbed onto Tony.  “Okay.  I guess I can try it.”
“With this decision, Steve left behind both me, his husband, and our son.  At the moment, you can consider Steve and I separated and our son in my full custody.  Our son is a minor so I ask that you give him privacy; if I find out that he’s been hounded by anyone, there will be lawsuits.”  The audience laughed a little.  “This situation has been extremely hard on us, but that will not stop my son from living his life to the fullest and it will not stop me from being Iron Man.  I refuse to let my personal issues get in the way of making this world a better place to live for everyone.  That is the very reason why Iron Man was created, and why I will be working closely with the United Nations on the Accords.
His eyes focused, taking in the ship still around him and the glowing person outside the window.  He didn’t have the energy to do anything but widen his eyes at the blonde woman, who grinned and saluted him.  “Nebula?!” he called out, leaning forward in the seat a little.
“Most of the news has been about the Accords and politics of it all, but some tabloids are releasing articles about what it means for you and Peter now that St—“
“I want you to go home, shower, and change.”  Peter’s head came up, mouth open and ready to argue.  “Ah ah ah! Do as I say, kid.  I’ll be fine for the hour you’ll be gone.”
“It’s not enough,” Peter got out even though his nose was clogged and his vision was blurred with tears.
Pepper greeted him at the end of the hallway with a small smile, handing him some Advil and water.  “That bad, today?”
“No,” Tony grounded out, stalking over to Strange. “You don’t understand.  Thanos has been in my head for
“Wait!” a yell sounded out.  Strange was holding himself up from the dirt, looking worse for wear.  “Spare his life…and I’ll give you the Stone.”
“The public likes the Accords and the limits they’re placing on superheroes.  There’s some that are against it, as there always is with politics, but everyone’s shown relief that you’ve signed them and backed them up.  That you want supers to own up to their actions.”  Pepper leaned forward, grabbing her phone from her pocket and holding it in from of him.  “Stocks have gone through the roof and more people are in support of you now than ever before.”
“And Pops?” Peter whispered.  Tony heard the small crack in his voice, the knowledge to guess what had happened but hoping to God it wasn’t true.
“Yeah, I’d rather have it out of sight if it’s going to collect dust anyway,” Peter agreed bitterly, hauling himself off the couch.  Tony followed him to his room, watching him grab the large painting from his closet and toting it to Tony’s old room. Tony wordlessly opened the door, barely sparing a glance inside.  Pepper had apparently come in to tidy things a bit, as the shield was back on the wall and the things strewn across the floor had been picked up.  Peter dropped the painting right below the shield and looked up towards the white star.  His hand reached out for a second, reaching for the gleaming metal before clenching it into a fist.  When he turned towards Tony, the man took notice of the tear tracks down his son’s face and his son’s scrawl on the note on the painting.
!” Clint choked on air when Peggy threw her Cheerios at him, one slobber-coated one landing on his lips. “Oh,
Steve came to a skidding halt where Peggy had once stood, his hands out as if to grab his daughter, to pull her to his chest and just
The world had moved on. It had been two years. Two whole years of going to support groups, knocking the hell out of punching bags, getting closer to Natasha and Rhodey... And the whole while, even going to group and listening to his team- his friends- Steve pushed down the pain. He pushed it down, locked it tightly in a box and sent it to the back of his mind.
Peggy nodded, uncharacteristically quiet, and slipped away into the bathroom. Bucky turned to her bed, sighing heavily once more, and went about changing the sheets. He was relieved to see that there wasn't too much blood- and he wasn't a stranger to blood, but it was a bit different when it was coming out of his niece- and it hadn't strained through to the mattress. Bucky heard the noise of the shower running as he dutifully stripped the bed of its sheets. He went about making it up again with the softest bedding he could find, tucking Peggy's stuffed animals up around her pillows, and setting some extra pajamas outside the bathroom door for her- Black Widow themed, he smiled. Then, he sat on the bed and waited for the girl to finish her shower.
Tony gripped his shoulder.  “I wish I could have done that under better circumstances.  Preferably when you were older, and not on a spaceship.”
“Steve…I know you left.  I know I took it too far, and I’m sorry.  I know that we haven’t talked since that day. But this is it.  Peter’s gone…and I’m about to be too.  I was really hoping to pull off one last surprise, but it looks like…” he trailed off, staring into the stars again.  “You know what it looks like.  Don’t feel bad, Steve.  I mean, if you grovel for a couple of weeks and then move on with enormous guilt, I wouldn’t be too upset.”
“Hold on,” Peter said, helping to prop him up and then handing him a glass of water with a straw.  “The doc said to take small sips.  Don’t want to overwhelm your body just yet.”
As soon as the elevator doors opened, Tony was hit in the face with stagnate air and remnants of what he had dubbed “before Siberia.”  Peter’s notebooks were haphazardly strewn across the kitchen table.  Steve’s shoes were still neatly placed to the side of the door and his jacket was hung on the coat rack.  Tony’s mug of coffee when he got the news about Germany was still sitting on the counter.
“That’s why I’m offering you a compromise! Let me have the tablet and I’ll stay in this room and heal like a good little superhero,” Tony said, smugness creeping into his tone as he saw Pepper wilt.
“Uh oh,” Tony let out at the sight of his face.  He saw Peter’s lower lip quiver and tears well up in his eyes.  “Come here, underoos.”  His arms were soon full of a sobbing teenager.  “That bad, huh?”
“Hey Uncle Bruce!  Long time, no see!” Peter said cheerily, helping Bruce stand while one of the aliens raged against Tony in the park.
With Maw gone and the wizard saved, it was easy for Tony and Strange to fall back into their bickering.
“Okay, I’ll have the jet headed to your coordinates.”  She paused.  “Are you going to tell me what happened?”
“What the hell happened to this planet?  It’s 8 degrees off its axis.  It’s gravitational pull is all over the place,” Quill mentioned, reading the readouts off his device.
Nebula silently approached him after ensuring he was asleep.  Lifting his thin body, she set him in one of the pilot chairs facing the window where he would be more comfortable.  Making sure he was settled and still sleeping, she walked away.
Tony had found Quill’s Zune under one of his many discarded shirts in his sleeping quarters.  Nebula didn’t seem too happy with the new addition of music to the atmosphere of the ship, but Tony was fine ignoring her steely aura if it meant he could listen to some music.
“Yeah well I miss you too,” Peter spat out, tears filling his eyes.  “Every day you’re not here, I miss you.  Why’d you do it, Pops?  Why?” he paused to blow his nose.
“He was given detention by his chemistry teacher for reasons unknown.  Apparently five minutes in, they were showing a video and he ran from the room.  One of the teachers caught him outside having a panic attack.”
FRIDAY came over the speakers, her voice holding a sense of urgency that had Tony standing immediately and flicking his wrists out to call the Iron Man suit.  “Boss, Peter’s school just called.  They need you to come in.”
Tony grimaced.  “Yeah.  If he gets detention again, even though I keep telling him not to,” he rolled his eyes playfully, “can you please refrain from playing that video?”
Tony had gotten Pepper, Rhodey, and Happy free for the entire evening to celebrate with Peter and his friends.  MJ and Ned had planned the whole day for Pete, including a huge brunch, followed by hours at the local arcade and then the Smithsonian, before crashing back at the Tower for a big dinner, cake, presents, and movies. Even Peter’s Aunt May, his only surviving relative, was able to get the evening off from her work to join the big family for the festivities.
He felt a light tap on his knee.  Nathaniel was holding out a small stuffed horse and looking at him expectantly.  “Who is this?” he asked, grabbing the animal.
Everyone leaned back in placation, grabbing some more cake as the movie continued.  Next was Alien, followed by the Terminator.
He and Pete had spent it at the Tower, with Pepper and Rhodey showing up with burgers and cake.  Bathroom breaks and getting more drinks aside, none of them had moved from the couches in the living room for the entire day. Tony’s ribs and lungs were still healing, so he wasn’t even allowed to get up for anything but the bathroom.
“I was waiting for this,” he crowed, shoving a handful of fries in his mouth as he unwrapped his burger.   “Plus, hospital food sucks.”
“Hang on!”  Tony watched in horror as Peter fell from the ship, only relaxing as his new suit encased him and he heard Peter mutter something about a new car smell.  “Okay, that’s it, kid.  Time to go home.”
“Exactly!  Plus, we’re allowed have a cheat day and pig out on some greasy fast food after the week we just had.” Tony saw Peter’s smile fade and swore to himself for ruining the mood.  “Don’t get used to it, though.  As soon as I’m home, you’re back to eating veggies, kid.  Gotta keep that spidey strength up.”
Peter gave a weak smile in return and headed to his room, where the phone was still lying on his bedside table. He picked it up, taking a few calming breaths before dialing the one number listed.
Or was it better to agree off the bat and then slowly change the Accords under the government’s nose?  Was it better to stand for what you believed in, or to manipulate the situation into what you believed would be best?
She gave him a knowing look, but didn’t say anything more.  “Clint and Nathaniel are out back. I hope you’re free to stay for dinner?”
“There’s protein right here,” Tony motioned to the burger in his hand.  “And veggies!” he smiled, pulling out a piece of lettuce.
Tony landed on the front steps hard and stormed through the entrance without bothering to take the suit off.  A woman stepped out of the front office and asked, “Mr. Stark?”
Clint was granted the same deal as Scott.  Two years house arrest with parole afterwards and to give up Hawkeye.
“Well, you and Peter are always welcome to stop by.  Lord knows I could use the help with the heavy lifting around the farm,” she admitted, eyes bright.
His eyes flew open, sharp light from the windows causing his headache to flare up and stab through his skull.  He squinted and looked down, desperate to see his barren chest only to feel his stomach drop at the sight of metal and blue light glinting through the bandages.
He knew that would be the first to go, but it was still a hit to the gut.  It didn’t seem likely that anyone was coming for them.
Tony propped his hip against the island, blocking Peter from leaving.  “Want to tell me about it?”  At Peter’s hesitation, he threw his hands in the air.  “God, Pete!  The school said you had panic attack over it.”
Tony sipped the water until it was gone, appreciating the cold that was a balm to his throat. He took stock of the room he was in while doing so.  Beige walls, tall windows, soft bed with a fluffy pillow supporting him; he was definitely in the hospital.  The smell confirmed that thought.  The Tower’s med-bay never smelt like the sharp sanitization every hospital seemed to have.  Peter must have pressed the call button during this and the doctor walked in as he finished.
Tony looked back at his son, tears threatening to flow.  Peter’s eyes got wide.  “Oh god, do you not like it?  I’m sorry, I just know how much coffee—“
Rhodey sighed, rubbing his hand up and down Tony’s back.  “You have nothing to be sorry for, Tones.  You did all you could.”   He pulled back and glanced at the food the three were eat, sighing in exasperation.  “Really guys? Couldn’t get anything healthier?” He turned to glare at Tony.  “You are healing, you know.  You should be giving your body protein and vegetables.”
Tony squeezed his eyes shut against the onslaught of emotions rising with him.  “I don’t know anymore, Pete.  He does love you.  I know it.  Before this mess, he would talk about you and your achievements constantly.  Whenever he looked at you, his face would basically melt in adoration.  It was sappy as hell.”  He let out a laugh, on the verge of hysterics.  “I’ve been working on those fucking Accords every day.” Tony took a shuddery breath, reigning his emotions back in.  “Every time I get a break through with the council, I’ve been sending them to Wakanda, hoping that they’d reach Steve and he would come home finally.”
“Hey,” Tony whispered, grabbing his son’s shoulder. “I know it’s hard to talk to your dumb old dad about this stuff, but you’re holding on to too many things.  I just think you should talk to someone.”
While Peter was rambling about his awful english teacher, Tony’s thoughts drifted to the Accords.  He would need a plan to manipulate the UN into changing the Accords into something that would get the team back.
He flung off the covers and threw on his softest flannel and sweats.  No use dressing up for the day when you would be spending it in.  He quickly washed up and headed to the kitchen to start the pot of coffee.
Tony was encompassed in a new StarkPhone design when Peter walked in, presenting the greasy brown bags in his hand like a fisherman showing off his biggest catch.  “Package acquired!”
“Shit, hang on, Pete,” Tony replied, heading towards the ship as it gained altitude.  “FRIDAY, unlock 17-A.”
Tony didn’t know how much time had passed between him idly playing with a new gauntlet and when Peter stormed into the lab.
“I don’t think he thinks it’s going to help anything, Peter,” he said back, biting his lip at the truth and thinking back to his old note folded in his nightstand.  “It just sounds like he wants to talk to his son again.”
There had been a split second, a gleam in Steve’s eyes before he brought the shield down on him, where Tony knew that this was going to be the last thing he would see.  Had known innately that Steve was going to kill him to save his friend.
“Yeah, course,” Peter got out between chews.  “Would it…would it be okay if I called Pops today?  Before they come over?”
“Uh oh,” Rhodes said, hobbling over to the other man.  “That’s never good.”  He spotted the envelope and grimaced.  “You don’t have to read that, Tones.  You don’t owe him shit.”
He had thought it would be enough with Pepper.  He had been blindsided when Steve strutted into the room and insulted him, then had the audacity to become his husband over the years following.  He had thought that person Maria had spoken of was Steve, when his eyes lit up when he saw Tony, when he smiled whenever he was mentioned, when he gave him his dog tags, when he proposed, when he had hesitantly laid out the adoption papers for one little boy in Queens.  He had thought wrong.
“When will it ever be the time, Dad?!” Peter yelled out, throwing his backpack to the floor.  “Maybe I should have followed Pops and not signed those stupid Accords.”
The engines had sputtered to their death after 53 hours.  They could do nothing other than redirect the remaining dregs of fuel at the bottom towards the oxygen and water systems. They were sitting ducks.
Peter had been inconsolable the whole time.  Tony had never felt such relief until he dropped the newly turned 6 year old in the arms of the super soldier and collapsed into a chair.
“Just bruised.” He stood up, wrapping his arms around Tony’s and hauling him to his feet.  “We should head over to the others.”
Tony hissed at the cold floor in the kitchen and told FRIDAY to raise the temp up a few degrees.  A quick glance outside confirmed that it was snowing.  The living room was drearily empty, which meant that Peter was still in bed.  The clock on the stove showed 10am, so he set the coffee to brew and went to wake up Peter.
Lila had been outside, practicing her archery and brooding.  She barely gave Tony a glance before letting an arrow
Tony didn’t think there would actually be a light he would need to follow when he died.  There was one glaring at him and he couldn’t ignore it even though his eyes were closed.  Squinting, he lifted a hand to try to shield his eyes.  If it was a god claiming to lead him to some afterlife, he and it were going to have a few choice words.
The Avengers had gone to the Coney Island amusement park to celebrate Peter’s 2nd Adoptiversary, letting Peter lead them wherever he wanted to go.   For Christmas that year, Natasha had given Tony the framed picture and Tony had only teared up a little when he went to hang it up in his and Steve’s room.
He sat down next to her.  “What’s hurting?”  She pointed at the elbow.  He grabbed a flathead and placed his hand on her arm.  “Is this okay?”  At her nod, he started taking the top plates off.  Inside, wires were barely hanging on to their nodes and gears had ground together.  “Shit.”
Tony took an armful of his shirts from his closet, ignoring the sharp pain of his ribs, and headed for one of the many guest rooms.  Moving his belongings was going to take a long time, but it would be worth it if he would be able to get some sleep without the emptiness of the bed and the bitter memories glaring him in the face.
“You know, if it wasn’t for the existential terror of staring into the void of space, I’d say I’m feeling better today.  The infection’s run its course.  All thanks to the blue meanie back there.” He jutted a thumb over his shoulder towards the back of the ship where Nebula was sitting.  “You’d love her.  Very practical. Only a tiny bit sadistic.”  He chuckled.
“I’m going to inform Miss Potts that you are awake now, if that is alright with you, Mr. Stark.” Dr. Cho continued, motioning towards the door.
Tony was shaking his head, staring at Peter’s young face, ignoring the tears in his eyes.  “Oh God, no, Pete, not you, not you, I love you, okay?  You’re going to be okay.”
“He can stay over, too, if his mom will let him.  Just try not to be up past 2, okay?  Last time he was over I found you two stumbling around the lab muttering about the zombie apocalypse at 4 in the morning.  And I tried to get you two to bed and then we got into the specifics on whether or not zombies could exist.  Next thing I know the sun was up and you two hadn’t slept a wink!”
“I know,” Tony mumbled.  “Just not sure how to sweep this under the rug with Ross breathing down our necks.”
“All in favor?” Tony asked.  Only one hand did not lift.  “It’s settled.  Mr. Heusgen, would you like to lead the charge on giving prisons the means to hold supers?”
Peter limped over, collapsing next to him in the dirt.  “Dad?!” his hands flew to Tony’s wound.  “Dad, are you okay?”
This one was bound to feel completely different, with one of his fathers gone for a more painful reason.
He nodded and moved towards the back of the house.  “Thanks, Laura!”  At the back door, he could hear Clint playing with Nathaniel, who was babbling loudly.  He opened the back door with a creak, alerting the man of his presence.
Scrappy arms wormed their way under him and he finally woke as he was hoisted into the air.  His eyes felt dry when he cracked them open to see Peter with a hard look on his face.  “P’ter?” he mumbled, trying to lift his head from its place on Peter’s shoulder.
He gave a tight smile, eyes burning at the gesture.  “How could I forget?”  He took the picture and placed it on the side table next to his side of the bed.  “Your only accomplishment.”
Tony starred at those ambassadors, smirking at the reluctant nod from Secretary Ross.  “Sweet.  Now if you don’t mind, ladies and gents, my son is about to get off from school and I’d like to be home to make him dinner.” He stood and headed for the door.  “I’m assuming Ross will have us meeting again in no time, so I’ll see you then.”
“You too,” he called back, shutting the door behind them.  He went back to the living room where the teens were still sleeping.
“Uh…is your friend alright?” Mantis pointed towards Strange, who was sitting a ways away.  His head was jerking around as a green glow encompassed him.
Slowly, the three rallied and stumbled behind Tony towards the guest rooms.  With Ned and MJ situated, Tony followed Peter to his bedroom, stopping in the doorway.
“Okay, okay, can we table this discussion for now?” Bruce asked, slightly hysterical.  “We have this Stone.  We know where it is at least.  And we have the Mind Stone, right?  Vision has it and we should find him
Tony laughed.  “Pepper and Rhodey would fight you on that statement.”  He glanced at his phone.  “Your surprise is waiting downstairs.”
Tony and Nebula spent most of the morning cataloguing what food they had on the ship.  Split between them and rationed out properly, they could push it to two weeks.  And that would be pushing it.
He nodded, hauling himself up and stumbling towards the sleeping quarters he had seen.  He made sure to give Quill’s a wide berth.  Who knew what that idiot did in there.  He found Mantis’ sparse area and proceeded to collapse with exhaustion on her small mattress.
“That’s it, no s’mores for you!” Tony grabbed the marshmallows from Peter and took off running towards the roof.
“This way,” the woman motioned, indicating for him to follow her.  She headed back into the front office and towards a door labeled ‘Nurses Office.’  She opened it, letting Tony walk inside.
The shield clanged off the wall and fell on top of the bureau, upending some books and the dog tags.
“I don’t know how you’ve been functioning with this mess,” he admitted, digging right in.  Aligning the wires back up was pretty easy.  He only needed to re-solder a few connections.  Some of the gears were trashed, but he remembered seeing some in Rocket’s room that he could replace them with.  The most concerning thing he saw were the connections themselves.  They were inefficient and poorly done.  “Do you mind if I…?”
Tony was in the middle of another meeting, this one thankfully with the Stark Industries board, when he got the call.
A chorus of “Mr. Stark!” came from the crowd, who all stood in the chaotic commotion to get Tony’s attention. The announcer appeared from the side of the stage and proceeded to call on news stations.  Most of the questions were concerning his personal thoughts on the Accords, what he would change about them, and how he felt about the rogue Avengers fleeing the country.  All of these he answered with perfect form and politically correct vocabulary.  He thought Pepper would be proud.
”  He took a deep breath.  “And I don’t know what to do.  So I’m not so sure if it’s a better plan to fight him on our turf or his, but you saw what they did.  What they can do.  At least on his turf, he’s not expecting it, okay?  So I say we take the fight to him,
“Under no circumstances can we bring the Time Stone directly to Thanos.  I don’t think you quite understand what’s at stake here.”
“That’s okay.  I need to be getting home to Peter, anyway.  If he tries to cook by himself he’ll burn down the entire Tower,” he laughed.  “Thank you, though. I really appreciate the offer.”
, and he left us,” he paused.  “You’re valid in feeling that way. That’s how I would feel.  But he’s just giving you the option to reach out to him.  This is his dumbass way of saying that, if you want, you can talk to him.”
“After Loki, I had nightmares about mind control for months,” Clint admitted.  “I was an absolute control freak.  I was obsessive about doing little tests to make sure I was myself.  Laura finally had enough a few weeks after I returned home.  She made me talk about it all and started doing little tests of her own on me.  I was shocked at how much it helped.”
Even though the man had crushed his heart under his shield, then walked away from their own child, he still wanted him to come back.
Afterwards, they tried different things to redirect all fuel to the engines. Redirecting auxiliary power and doing some interesting things to the bombs Rocket had hid on board allowed them a little wiggle room.  That still only left them with enough fuel to get them within the general neighborhood of the Solar System.  They would be dead in the water after that.
Jarvis, the real one, had always chastised him for picking at scabs.  He always said the more you picked, the worse the scar would be. Tony had never been good at letting things go.
Breakfast proceeded to be a mostly quiet affair, with the teens still rubbing sleep from their eyes and the food being eaten.  By the time they were done, MJ and Ned had to head back home.
“Tony!” Clint barked out, gripping his shoulders.  He grabbed Tony’s empty hand and pressed it against his chest.  “Focus on my breathing, on the rise and fall of my chest.”
It was a painting of Steve, Captain America suit on but the cowl was off, with a trademark smirk on his face.  Around him were the words
The presents lined the bottom of the Fir tree they had picked out and hauled back to the Tower.  It was a modest tree, barely hitting 6 feet and covered in what ornaments the family had collected over the years.  Tony and Steve’s favorites, which mainly consisted of crude crafts made by an elementary school Peter, lined the front of it.  The lights wrapped around the tree twinkled every so often, casting the room in a warm glow.
Tony knows she was somewhat right.  It clicked in his head when he had found Rhodey at MIT and then Pepper as his assistant and now CEO of Stark Industries.  He knew, deep down, that these people he had the blessing to call his friends would always choose him.  But it would never be enough.
“Oh my god,” Scott whispered, burying his head in her hair.  He glanced at Tony, who was setting up the flight they would all take to San Francisco, where Scott would get fitted with his anklet and then left mostly alone.  “Thank you, Tony.  Thank you.”
“It’ll only get worse,” he smiled, accepting another animal from the boy.  “How are you really, Laura?  How can I help?”
“Dad,” Peter grumbled, shifting deeper into Ned’s shoulder.  Ned was still out cold.  MJ wasn’t faring any better.
Tony clenched his left hand behind the podium, feeling the ring where it still circled his finger.  “Does anyone know what will happen in the future?” he smiled sickly sweet, not answering at all because he honestly
The next time Tony woke, his fingers were being crushed and there was a heavy weight in his chest.   It almost felt like before, when he had awoken in the aftermath of Afghanistan with the foreign feeling of a hunk of metal sitting in his chest.
Rhodey slapped his arm, giving him a look before turning back to Scott.  “I think what he means to say is welcome back.”
Tony grabbed some blankets from the living and motioned Peter to grab the s’mores ingredients.  “If they’re bad, I will personally visit them and tell them off.”
Breathing was difficult, so Tony tried keeping that to a minimum as he hauled himself up.  A 200 lb dead suit didn’t help matters, but with it dead, Tony couldn’t do anything until he got it off.
“Dad’s worked so hard on the Accords so you can come home.  Haven’t you seen?” Peter cried out.  “Why do you keep choosing him over us?  You can come home and let him stay in Wakanda.”
Tony hung up, rubbing his eyes before pulling up another contact and hitting dial.  Immediately, a voice shouted through the speakers.  “Dad!!! Are you okay? Dad, what happened to you and Pops?  Tell me you’re alright and coming home because if you’re not—”
“Oh Pete,” Tony let out, running forward to gather his son in his arms.  Peter immediately started sobbing into his shoulder.  Tony lifted a hand to card through Peter’s curls.  “Was it the video?”  He got a shaky nod and harder sobs as his answer.
“He loves you too,” she stated, tapping his cheek before following after Happy.  “Get some sleep tonight, Tony.”
Tony felt his heart stutter painfully in his chest.  This was his worst nightmare, that everything he did would never be enough,
It had started with Peter going MIA after school.  He didn’t show up at home at his usual time and he hadn’t sent a text to Tony about being late.  Tony had been worried, but that ramped up into freaking out when Peter didn’t answer any of his calls or texts.
, Pete, so don’t try to deny it.”  Tony paused, biting his lip.  This was never going to be easy.  “Do you need to talk to someone?”
Tony inhaled slowly, staring at the sky in hopes that someone out there would hear his plea for support.  Exhaling with hopelessness, he looked back at Quill.  “Alright, just get over here. Mr. Lord, get your folks to circle up.”
Shoving his shoulders back, he followed Peter’s obnoxious rendition of Britney Spears to the kitchen.  The teen was just getting to the chorus of Toxic when he walked in.
One glance at the clock caused him shoot up in bed and collapse back in the pillows as he clutched his ribs.  The blanket had somehow made it over his body during the night and the pillows were packed against his back.
Tony grinned at his reaction before sobering up.  “I kept that little robot arm, you know.  Dum-E thinks it’s his baby still.”
Tony sighed and rubbed his forehead.  “Yeah.  Attach the amended Accords too. See if it persuades any of them to come back and sign.”
He could hear the quiet murmurs and sniffles from behind him, but it seemed too much like a dream to be real.  It almost sounded like Steve when he came home from a mission, sounding shy and tired and happy to hold his family in his arms again.
“I have some stuff to get done for work.  If you need me, I’ll be in the lab.”  He didn’t turn to look back at Peter as he made his way towards the stairs to the lab.  He couldn’t take the guilt that would be in Peter’s eyes for saying the truth.
Tony felt the air whoosh out of him.  He never wanted Peter to hate Steve after this mess.  He could hate Steve, but he was married to the man. It was different when your own child hated you. “He’s your father whether you like it or not.  Yes, he messed up. He hurt me, he hurt
The main mediator had slammed his fist against his table, gathering everyone’s attention.  “All in favor of Scott Lang being put on house arrest for two years, with parole following, after he signs the Accords and signs a contract stating he will never be in contact with Dr. Hank Pym or the Ant-Man suit again, raise your hands.”
“Thank you for having us,” Pepper whispered as she hugged him and pecked his cheek.  Rhodey and Happy both gave him quick hugs before heading to the door.
Tony let out a breath. “I couldn’t sleep, as usual. I think Pete had a nightmare, but he didn’t say anything. Just needed the company. I don’t want to push him too much.”
The air was somber in the city.  In the past, everyone had used this day to celebrate Captain America and what he stood for.  Everyone had celebrated the good that could be found within people. Celebrated the moral foundation that the American government claimed to be built upon.
He leaned forward, thumbing at the helmet.  “I should probably lie down.  Enjoy the last reserves of oxygen while it’s left.  Please know that…when I drift off, I’ll be thinking about you.  It’s always you.”
The group had finally hashed out a plan and was waiting in position for Thanos to arrive. Strange was sitting on a staircase, positive that Thanos would open a portal in the plaza before him.  Tony didn’t really believe him, but it was all they had to go on, so he shut his mouth and got to position with Peter.
Tony nodded, running a hand over his eyes. “Okay.  Did you eat?  Do you have any homework due tomorrow?”
Peter was sitting on the little bed in there, gripping a water bottle like a lifeline.  His cheeks were ruddy and his eyes were still shining.
Tony rolled his eyes at the snide comments the teens kept making with Rhodey joining in.  Theories were discussed left and right.  Pillows were thrown at the TV multiple times to Pepper’s dismay.  At one point, the teens had paused the movie to get into a long discussion of whether or not the Matrix was actually possible.  Everyone had joined in with his or her own opinion and Tony, Rhodey, and the teens were all shouting over each other when Pepper slammed down a soda can.
Peter sniffled, shutting the door behind him as he left the room.  “They better be good this year.  The finale last year was just plain boring.”
“Grabby.  He kept trying to grab people’s shirts whenever they would walk by.”  Tony looked down with a smile.  “U and Butterfingers wouldn’t even give him the time of day when I first introduced them.”  A silence fell over the pair, lasting only a few seconds before Tony shook his head to clear his thoughts.  “Want to order a pizza for dinner?”
“I figured after watching you fight him every week in that council room,” Scott replied, rubbing a hand over his face.  “There was always a TV broadcasting your arguments.  You’re a fantastic debater.”
“Can I?” Cooper butted in.  “I don’t understand what we’re doing in science right now and Mom and Dad are no help.”
“It’s okay, Pete.  Sometimes people say the worst things in the heat of the moment.  Steve and I were always like that when we fought.”
Peter sighed, collapsing on the couch next to Tony.  “I—“ he started, pausing to gather his thoughts.  “I’d like to, but I think I would just end up yelling a lot and not really saying anything.”  He frowned.  “It feels weird, not having him here today.” He grabbed one of the couch pillows and hugged it to his chest.  “I even had a gift picked out for him before he...”
Tony headed to his own room so he could crash.  He would have to be up early to make breakfast for three ravenous teens.  Only coffee and Peter’s smile would make it worth it.
“Some of the fuel cells of the ship were cracked during the battle.  We figured out a way to reverse the ion charge to buy ourselves some time, but we’re dead in the water now.  We’re about 1000 light-years away rom the nearest 7-11.”  He ran a hand through his hair.  “Oxygen will run out tomorrow, and that’ll be it.
“Dude, don’t call us plucky.  We don’t know what that means!”  At Tony’s glare, he continued.  “Alright, we’re optimistic, yes.  I like your plan, but it sucks, so let me do the plan so that it can be really good.”
Tony forced himself to stumble to the kitchen, because his mind played tricks on him constantly, this could just be one of those episodes, where he had blown everything out of proportion and—
“Look, we never were close or anything.  I know that.  But I also know you were there for my family when I couldn’t be.  I know the why behind everything you did in Germany and Siberia.  I respect you, Tony, and I appreciate everything you’ve done to reunite me with my family.  Let me try to return the favor.”
Tony saw right through the act.  He had done the exact same thing when he was younger, when he would approach his mother carefully after being hurt again by his own father.  While the circumstances were different, the actions of a hurt child coming to their caring parent were the exact same.
Tony found himself dragging his feet behind Peter as he walked up the dirt path to the front door.  Everything seemed the exact same no matter how many times he visited.  The area he and Steve had their argument while chopping wood, the shed where he had fixed the tractor and told Fury his deepest fear, the chair on the porch he had sat in for hours before Steve came to take him to bed.
Bruce grimaced.  “Jesus,” he muttered, running a hand through his hair.  “Normally I’d be more supportive, Tony, but Thor’s gone.  Thanos is coming.  If you can make the call, you have to.”
Tony didn’t know how he could be so blind to his son’s pain.  As a father, he should have known Peter was hurting just as much as he was.  But he was so wrapped up in his injuries, in trying to fix the Accords, in trying to bring Steve back without outright asking for it, that he had completely missed the hollow look Peter had.
She glanced up at him with her deep black eyes.  “It’s something that will kill the infection from the source.”
Tony had set up his busted Iron Man helmet in front of him.  Half the thing had been shorn off in the fight, but it was still functioning.  He tapped it, allowing a blue light to shine over him.
Pepper sat on the side of the bed, laying a hand on his thigh.  Before she had a chance to speak, Tony blurted out “How bad is it?”
Another toy was placed in his lap, this time a small Iron Man action figure.  Tony looked at Nathaniel’s grinning face before the child went back to the basket.  “Every time I get something amended on the Accords, I send it over to Wakanda.  So that they can see what’s changed and decide to come back.”
discussion of your life when we get back home, mister.  Just you wait.  You’re so grounded, oh my god.”
Tony had Peter fill him in on what was happening in school, how Ned was doing, about his robotics team preparing for their next competition, if he had talked to MJ about his feelings yet.
The flight ended quickly as Tony landed on the balcony of the Tower.  He let Peter down first before stepping out of the armor.  Peter was already walking to the door when Tony called out.  “We’re going to talk about it, you know.”
Tony hummed as they came upon the cow pen.  He let the silence drag on as Clint puttered around.  One of the cows came up to him and nudged his hand.  He let his palm drag over the soft nose and up to the forehead.
Quill frowned as Tony whirled on Peter.  “Don’t encourage him.  We’re getting no help from Flash Gordan over here.”
Peter hopped onto the end of the bed and sat crisscross, digging in to his own burger with the ferocity only a teenage boy or a starving man could have.  He nudged the bag towards Pepper using his foot, lifting his eyebrows pointedly.  She smiled fondly, taking one of the offered cheeseburgers from the bag.
Tony bit his lip and let it go.  Pepper always wanted him to be more open.  He knew Clint never wanted to pick up the role of Hawkeye again.  It was likely he would never use the information against him.  But that didn’t offer any comfort.
“I know.  It’ll never be enough.” Steve cleared his throat.  “But I am sorry for everything.  I’m sorry I took it so far.  I’m sorry I left.  I’m sorry you had to live in the aftermath of our mess.”
“Go sit on the couch and I’ll grab us drinks.  Hold him,” she stated, dropping the toddler into his arms and walking into the kitchen.
Peter whooped, peeling his head away from the armor to look at the city as they flew.  He loved swinging between buildings and the rush he got as he free fell, but that didn’t compare to flying like this.
Tony smiled at them before pointing at the boy.  “Now go find Happy and get home and clean up.  You’re stinking up the whole place.”
His shirt was half off when he noticed the glint of his arc reactor on the shield hanging on the wall.  Shuddering at the memory of the sound it made when it shattered his chest, he pulled the shirt back on and closed his eyes. Steve’s wild face appeared in his mind, eyes full of anger and desperation and—
“Isn’t this fun?” he asked, flicking his towards her.  It flew past her shoulder.  “That was terrible.  Now you have a chance to win.” She flicked it between his fingers.  “You won!  Congratulations,” he said, sticking his hand out.  She reached back to shake it.  “Good game.  Did you have fun?”
The girl broke off, letting Cooper start gushing over his new Lego set with Peter.  “Mom! Dad! Uncle Tony and Peter are here!” Lila called out through the door.  Tony was only slightly taken aback by the title.  When he had first visited, he was Mr. Tony.  He wondered what changed.
After the trial, Clint had told him to come visit the following week if he had time.  It had been an obvious ploy to try to talk about what happened, but Tony was actually looking forward to seeing Laura and the kids.
He hoisted Nathaniel on his hip and brought him to the couch.  He would never admit it, but he loved little kids.  Their curiosity never failed to inspire him.  He cooed at the little boy, who grinned and babbled back.
Tony hit the hold button, turning to look at the flip phone before looking to his friend for guidance.  Rhodes rolled his eyes.  “Don’t give me that look.  You’re going to do whatever you’re thinking of doing with or without my approval.”
has allowed their son to even think that only one would walk away from this fight.  “He’s fine, Pete.”  He exhaled sharply, ignoring the rattle it produced.  “He took off with Barnes.”
son, had to ask that awful question.  Gutted that this clusterfuck of a situation, their shitty communication skills, and the need to always
“Happy is waiting downstairs with the car to drop you two off,” Tony confirmed, waving as they opened the door and headed to the elevator.  “Have a good day!”
It wasn’t long before Tony arrived back at the Tower and was forced to face reality.  Dr. Cho had forced him to stay the week until he could breathe without too many problems.  He wasn’t happy about it, but even he could admit to himself that he wasn’t ready to go back to the Tower. Looking at their home, it was obvious it hadn’t been touched since he and Peter had flown to Germany.  When Tony had tracked Steve to Siberia, he forced Peter to go back and stay with Pepper to avoid the crossfire.
Tony grimaced as he reached down to pick up the shoes and coats by the elevator door.  Straightening out, he hobbled towards their room.  Maybe the heartache would hurt less if they weren’t constantly reminded of the absent presence.
Tony bit back a smile.  “Yeah, Pete.  Of course.  Maybe your Uncle Happy will take you to Five Guys and you can sneak me in some burgers.“
“Thank you,” Tony replied, satisfied.  He turned around and motioned for Peter that it was time to go.  “You okay with riding along on the suit?”
“He showed up, asking to sign the Accords and turn himself in,” his friend told him as he flew the Iron Man suit to DC.  “He looks just about as desperate as Scott did.”
“What, Barton?” he snapped, grabbing a crescent wrench to loosen some of the bolts of the engine.  He needed to get the hood off if he wanted to see the insides of the poor machine.
“Peter,” he started, turning towards the boy.  “I—shit,” he cut off, biting his lip before gripping Peter’s shoulder.  “This is the biggest threat we’ve ever faced.  I need you to know that. But I also need you to…” he looked down.  “I know there’s not really any point in saying ‘stay safe’ to you, but I need you to stay alive, Pete.”
“Yeah.  You two can even go into the workshop to tinker—“  Tony was cut off by loud cheering in the background.  “But please make sure to not mess with too many things.  I’ll sic DUM-E on you both.”
Steve had given him the patented Stare of Disapproval, while Bruce had merely given a thumbs up before going back to bed.  Peter didn’t even stir.
His thoughts were slammed to a halt by FRIDAY’s voice coming over the speakers.  “Priority call from Secretary Ross.  There’s been a breach at the Raft prison.”
“What I am here for is to discuss personal matters.  When Captain Rogers decided to flee the country with the fugitive Winter Soldier, he also decided to leave behind his family.  I followed him.”  Tony paused at the gasp from the crowd.  “I followed him and Sergeant James Barnes as they were fleeing, and I tried to offer a truce as both Iron Man and as Steve’s husband.  They denied what I had to offer and incapacitated me so that I could not follow them farther.
Tony grumbled, “Math and science are extremely important subject matters for people to learn and understand.”
Tony’s brow furrowed as he grabbed the box.  “Uh, thanks,” he said, shutting the door as he turned to face Peter.  “This is for you, Pete.”
“Metal hitting metal,” Tony admitted quietly, knowing Clint could hear him.  “The reactor.  Water.  Caves.  Hot sand.  Snow.  Space.  Steve.”
