Tony just snorted a laugh. "Yeah, let's have this conversation again after you've been woken up by her at all hours of the morning or been upchucked on by her or have lost years off your life worrying because she went tumbling head-first into Dummy's chassis."
Thor just smiled at him, and Steve could tell he understood far better than he would sometimes let on. "I am certain your mother greatly appreciated your concern and well-wishes for her."
Tony waved him off. "Yeah, yeah, I know. You've said it a thousand times. It starts to lose all meaning after a while, though, I want you to know that."
"Things to do, Stark," Barton said with an easy shrug. "Not all of us get waited on hand-and-foot by a gullible super soldier."
"You promise?" He turned to Steve. "You heard that, right?" He turned the group. "You all heard that? If I continue to be an unrepentant ass, you'll stop making yourselves at home here?"
He thought about it a moment, tapping the pen against his chin. JARVIS had said he gave the appearance of being thirty-six, so he did the math on that and jotted down a birthdate of '05-29-78' because if he got to make this shit up, he was going to pretend he was turning thirty-six rather than thirty-seven in a couple weeks.
, you can carry even more stuff that you need but you don't ever have on you because you don't have any way of carrying it. I was going to make man bags a thing when I got changed back, but since that's evidently not happening, you guys have to pick up the slack for me." He glanced to Steve and said, "Seriously, Captain America goes around town with a man bag? Sales would go through the roof."
"No, I mean it," Steve said with a resolute shake of his head. "You never know. It— It's just bad luck. They buy all this stuff for us — for the baby — and then, God forbid, something happens
Steve shrugged but kept his eyes on his plate as one soft ballad switched to another. "Mostly just impressions. I can't really recall anything definite, I don't think. Maybe I don't want to."
take it well if anything were to happen to him. He probably needed to talk to Steve himself about that — it wasn't the same as hearing it from Wilson or Nat or any of the others that may have tried to corner him about it. Steve could talk his way around them easy. Steve was much more open to laying out his vulnerabilities with Tony.
"Cap's not exactly the most emotional guy. You kind of have to guess at what he's saying," Barton said, and Tony found it hard to find fault with that. Tony knew and understood he was much more effusive with emotion than Steve ever would be, but if nothing else, he'd become rather adept in reading Steve in the two years that he'd known him, and Steve's affections were often shown in actions rather than words. He was pretty sure most of it was his upbringing and his generation — god help him for making the comparison, but Howard was of a similar emotionally- repressed mindset — but part of it probably was that Steve just wasn't that kind of guy. Steve didn't say 'I love you' a lot; Tony was much more inclined to utter those three little words. But Steve didn't have to say it. It was in the way he smiled at Tony, the way he looked at him, the way he brushed his fingers over his skin, and the way he did everything in his power to make Tony happy.
— that wanted to believe this was that little firecracker that had stumbled into his workshop once upon a time and had giggled and cuted her way into his confidence to the point that he had somehow found himself wrapped around her little finger in record time. He still, deep down, wanted to believe on some level that this was her, but that Olivia had had a daddy — a daddy that had stormed through time and space to come and get her — and this little girl…didn't. Oh, she did
Then again, hadn't he accepted this 'Tony' was his deepest, darkest fantasy come to life? He closed his eyes and swallowed at the memory of 'Tony' sitting beside him in bed and stretching out the last vestiges of sleep from that gorgeous lithe, tawny body.
"Nice to be back," he said as Steve mouthed at his jaw, pressing light kisses there and generally just enjoying the fact that Tony was back to only having one 'X' chromosome.
Steve nodded, clearly not the answer he wanted going by the slightly disappointed look on his face, and he cleared his throat and said, "Well, what if we showed our faces for five minutes and then ran off to do our own thing?"
"Breakfast," Steve said as he found what was presumably a mixing bowl. There was a large scatter of ingredients of some kind on the island countertop ahead of him, and he looked up from where he was reading something on his phone and said, "Sorry. Did I wake you?"
"You and Cap just had to try it out the old-fashioned way, didn't you?" Barton said with a pat to his shoulder, and Tony glared at him a moment before he turned back to Bruce.
He looked between the two of them, and he huffed and stood up, letting Thor help him through the struggle that was only going to get worse over the next couple months. He muttered about something being bullshit — nothing in particular, just felt the need to make the comment — and stumbled over to the steps, grumbling about fine, he'd go to bed, but it wasn't like he was tired, and they fussed more than Steve did on his worst day.
He clammed up, closing his mouth and keeping his focus on the road ahead of him, and Tony sat up some, his curiosity piqued by Steve's sudden silence.
Steve parted his lips almost on instinct, and Tony took his bottom lip between his teeth and tugged on it just the slightest. Then he grinned so much that his eyes crinkled and his nose scrunched a bit, and he laughed and said, "Come on. Some of us still have coffee left."
"He is a good man," the witch said, almost as though she dared any of the Council to speak out against him.
He pursed his lips and clamped his mouth shut, and Tony watched as he swallowed like he was swallowing down his fears and apprehensions.
He pulled out a large container that looked like a clear synthetic material of some kind. The top to it looked almost rubberized, and Tony pulled that off to display a wide assortment of cookies. He reached in and picked up one that was cut into a shape of some kind with red-colored sugar sprinkled on top of it, and he handed it over to Olivia, who gladly took it and stuck the top part of it into her mouth.
Steve just blinked at the tiny little implement in Tony's hand. How that could something that small and seemingly fragile break through a brick firewall?
He twitched his mouth from side-to-side. "Let's just say fantasies of me and Cap go way back. Clearly, they're from before I met the sanctimonious son-of-a-bitch with his stupid, out-of-fashion hair and his perfect teeth, but I'm not going to deny I've had them in the past. I'm not ashamed of it. The man is literally the peak of human perfection. I'd have to be blind, deaf, and dumb
Bruce sighed and dropped his head some. "That dose should have been enough to keep someone of your body size out for almost four hours. You fought through it in twenty minutes."
So, instead, Steve spent those several long (and yet somehow short) weeks lounging around the penthouse, taking up space on the couch as he cradled the baby in his arms and melted brain cells with mindless daytime and very late-night television. For as…unwilling as he'd been in the beginning, Steve seemed to take to fatherhood like a duck to water, chattering at the baby constantly as he explained things to her that she couldn't possibly begin to understand. He played with her and did those suggested exercises you were supposed to do with infants that couldn't do much on their own, and he rocked her and bathed her and fed her with the bottle and didn't even put up much of a fuss when it came to changing her. He tickled her and blew raspberries on her tummy and cooed at her and just generally acted
When neither one of them did anything but nod their understanding to what she'd said, she smiled once more and said, "It was very nice to meet you both."
, then I will totally call you 'babe' or 'Steve' or 'hey, you!' on the field and 'Captain' in the bedroom."
It was at that point that he considered getting himself off just for the hell of it. The desperate need he'd felt for it earlier had subsided sometime during the night, and half of that arousal had come from the knowledge that Steve would be
Tony shrugged and wiped down the countertop. "Yeah, well, maybe you shouldn't act like such an old man then. Now, seriously, please go put her down for a nap before she gets all overtired and cranky."
"Then what? Tony, I didn't break up with you because I stopped loving you; I broke up with you because I thought it was the right thing to do for both of us. I know now it was stupid. I know I should have talked to you. I wish I had. But hindsight is 20/20, and there's nothing we can do about the past. We can only worry about what happens going forward. I love you, I've always loved you, and I always will love you. Seven years has done nothing but make me realize how stupid I was. I only ever wanted to make you happy, and right now, all I want to do is get you home and get you out of those wet clothes before you get sick. But if after tonight — if after whatever happens tonight, you still can't trust me? You're afraid I could still hurt you? Then it doesn't matter how I feel. You can walk away, and I won't stop you. You think it didn't hurt when I left you? It hurt more than you could imagine, and I had a…tough time of it afterward. I got into a bad relationship. Yeah, I said it. I was in a relationship with some asshole that would probably have killed me if I'd stayed with him any longer. I haven't even admitted that to Buck or Sam, but I'm telling you because I trust you, and I always have."
Esmeralda looked around the room, almost like she was considering it, before she said, "A child would make such a lovely gift this time of year, don't you think?"
"Yeah, I know what he said, but he's not exactly an ob/gyn. He doesn't know anything more about this than we do—"
He could tell Tony was trying his best not to get too excited, but even from a distance, he could see how his eyes lit up at Steve's words, and he reached down and popped open his door.
He looked straight into the camera and pulled his glasses down some, making those gorgeous brown eyes of his visible to one and all.
Tony folded his arms, watching Steve in slight amusement. "You're a troll. Has anyone ever told you that?"
" and lost himself in Steve's genial chuckles as he loosened his embrace and said, "Sorry. Sometimes I forget my own strength."
Look, the guy couldn't help it. It was what he was born with. But come on! This guy was clearly, firmly in the 'size doesn't count' column — he'd have to be with that pencil-dick — and Tony would have given him the benefit of the doubt if the man wasn't such a clear and total tool. Who was he trying to impress with that thing?
it. This was his daughter — maybe an alternate universe's him, anyway — but this was his daughter, and he'd rip apart anyone in the universe that would dare touch one hair on her head.
He panted out a breath, and he swallowed and pushed away from the back wall of the elevator and took a few slow, unsure steps off the car and onto the main floor of the common area. He took in the sight before him of his friends, all standing there looking both confused and abashed, balloons filling the air and confetti littering every discernable surface with colorful streamers canopying from the ceiling and a big 'HAPPY BIRTHDAY!' banner hung from one corner to another. There was a table stacked with colorfully-wrapped gifts to one side and two others that were set up like a buffet.
"I'm sure the Cap would be more inclined to notice something wrong with your prostate than I would."
They left the park after that and made the short stroll back to the car, and they piled in for the drive back to the house. They were relatively silent on the drive home, but it was the comfortable sort of silence where words weren't necessary to break any sort of outstanding tension. Olivia babbled to herself in the back seat, but Steve could tell her babbles were tinged with exhaustion, and there was no argument this time about her kicking the back of Tony's seat.
By the time Tony got Olivia back up to the penthouse, she'd fallen asleep again, and with her head on his shoulder, he carried her into the living area and looked around with a sigh. He wasn't sure he could handle letting her sleep up in his bed. That was a little too… The corpse of his relationship with Pepper was still kind of fresh, and that almost felt like dancing on its grave. But he suddenly wasn't comfortable with letting her out of his sight, so he set her down on the couch again, her head resting upon the pillow he had tucked beneath her earlier, and draped the blanket over her once more.
He just slapped open the box and pulled out another slice. "Here," he said and dropped it on her plate. "Happy?"
Steve smiled a little, sheepish but still seeming to be a bit proud of himself. "What? Did you think I was only going to treat my fella to one night at a fancy New York hotel?"
Bruce chose that exact moment to enter the lab, ashen-faced and anguished. Natasha and Tony turned to him at the same time, and he met Tony's gaze and said a plaintive, "Tony, I'm so sorry."
," Steve muttered with a grumble and went back to staring at his tablet. "Buck, I'm not a kid anymore."
But he could definitely admit that Olivia had not been the relationship-killer she could have been. If anything, she had added to their relationship in ways they were only now beginning to appreciate. So…and not that he was too happy about admitting this, but…maybe Esmeralda was right?
"And I thought they were horny and gross when Stark was still a dude," Barton muttered, and Wilson hummed his agreement. Barnes could only be bothered to say a confused, "Sex tips from
They changed back into their pajamas and settled in to watch another movie after that, two of them snuggled together on the couch with Olivia bundled between them. It was an older one — actually, to Steve, it was brand new — black-and-white and, as Tony slyly described it, 'communist propaganda.' Steve didn't see what was so communist about it. It was about a fella in a small town that felt constrained by the fact that he wasn't able to get out and see the world and do all the amazing things he'd dreamt of doing since he was a kid. Steve very much related to the desire to get out and do great things, and he very much related to the desire to help people that were unable to help themselves.
"Oh, yeah," Steve said as he looked over Tony's shoulder to read the headline. "They cornered me when I was out for my run. Figured it wasn't any of their business."
She nodded and reached into her small clutch, pulling out what looked like a keycard of some kind. She held it out to him and said, a hint of a smile on her lips, "Key to your room, Mr. Roth."
He shook his head and moved away from that panel. Bruce was still talking to Steve about something, and there were other small groups gathered around other panels that he didn't want to bother at the moment, so he glanced around and looked for something else to kill his time.
Steve's eyebrows went up in surprise. "The city?" he asked. "Isn't that—" he swallowed, "—kind of expensive?"
Pepper just pulled him into the hallway, and Tony called out, "Steve! She's kidnapping me, Steve! She's making me do work!"
Tony leaned closer, resting his chin on Steve's shoulder as he put his arms around his waist. "Hmm… So,
"Why?" Steve asked and, once he'd felt Tony was settled enough, sat himself down in the adjacent chair.
Steve furrowed his brow. Tony had just vowed never to let Steve go until death, so it couldn't have been that—
Barnes glared at him a moment before he turned and began to work at his plate of ketchup-barren eggs, and Sam preened a little in what he must have figured was a victory of sorts as he set the empty bottle down and went back to his own breakfast.
Though he'd be lying if he didn't admit there was a weird, awkward air between him and Howard the next time he saw him, and some months later, after he'd put the plane into a nosedive and promised Peggy — sweet, wonderful Peggy, who he could now say had soft lips and smelled like heaven — a date that they both knew would never come, when the water was rushing in and sweeping him up in its power and majesty, the last thing he heard, his last conscious thought, was a distant but comforting voice telling him,
"Seriously," she said and turned back to Tony. "Get out of here. If you really want to do it this way, Steve
"OK, well, you probably know who we are already," Tony said by way of opening, "but, uh, I'm Tony, and this is Steve—" he nodded his head toward the man sitting behind him, "—and this, uh…" He rubbed his hands over his belly. "Well, I thought most first-time parents didn't find this out until, you know, the kid pops out, so, uh, not one hundred percent certain, but we're pretty sure this is little James Steven—"
Tony's lips twitched into a bemused smile. "Did you just say you wanted to deck Barnes for humming a song?"
"No weirder than realizing that my ex-boyfriend is now pregnant with Captain America's baby, that's for sure."
Tony just bent down and rested his cheek against the top of Steve's head, his arms draped around his shoulders. "Well, look, it's all in the past, and there's nothing we can do about it now. It happened how it happened, and maybe it sucks how it happened, but that— Maybe that's the way it was always supposed to be."
He pulled the tablet away and sat back down in his chair, setting the tablet on the tabletop, and Steve frowned at him and said, "What's wrong?"
Tony shrugged. "Well, whatever. Point is, I know Howard's your bro, but I can't see him as anything other than that guy that provided half my DNA but didn't give a shit about me otherwise, so don't expect me to tell you any great stories about how wonderful a guy he was or how much I loved him or how lucky I am to have him as a father. I mean, yeah, I'm lucky, but only because the guy was fucking loaded, and I got a much better start in life — from an economic standpoint — than, well,
Tony followed her on, followed by Natasha, Rhodey, and Steve last, and together, they rode the elevator in silence down to the floor the conference was being held on. Tony watched the numbers drop, something in the pit of his stomach getting tighter the closer they came, and he swallowed down the bile that was threatening to rise in his throat, finding for the first time in many, many years that he was actually…nervous about what was going to happen. Because he didn't know what was going to happen, and unlike in the past, he kind of cared about what was going to happen. Because it wasn't just him anymore. It was Steve and the Avengers and, whether he wanted to admit it or not, the little acrobat that had gladly settled down for his afternoon nap (and Tony suddenly realized he wished
Honestly, he'd just assumed it was a given. What, were they going to drive off, leaving him on the side of the road to find his own way? The guy was functional, but he sure as fuck needed a lot of help to get back to
He took a deep inhale of breath to steel himself then shook his head. "No, we can't. Besides, we're almost there, and Nat and that bitchy woman put so much effort into making me look presentable, and
"I'm not doing that, Tony," Bruce said with a shake of his head. "And if you're really so set on getting Olivia back home where she belongs, I think your best bet is to stay as sober as possible."
"What's with the machine though?" she asked. She didn't sound concerned, just curious, but Tony swore he felt some sort of heightened unease vibrating from her. Romanoff liked to play like she didn't care, but she did, and the people she cared for she'd do anything for.
"We're the clean ones, right Papa?" she said. "Daddy 'n' Maddie are the messy ones. But that's 'cuz Maddie's a baby and she doesn't know any better. Daddy's old enough to know better. That's what you say."
"No?" Tony asked and tilted his head but didn't break their locked gaze. "Then why are you so bound and determined to get me to change my mind?"
"I like this song," he murmured and took another sip of his juice. Tony's fingers didn't even hesitate in their rhythm.
"—and if things stay as crazy out there as they are now, you might have to do this the normal way: no drugs, no doctors, just Natasha there to tell you what a good job you're doing."
They went in and tangled with the bad guys. He took a couple of bad hits to the suit, which were going to be a pisser to fix, Barton got singed on the arm, which was more painful than actually harmful to him, Natasha almost broke her leg but instead just ended up spraining her wrist, Hulk went a little rampage-y and almost didn't respond to Natasha's lullaby, which wasn't nearly as effective as usual because she was cringing through the ache of her wrist that she was convinced at the time was broken, and Thor…scratched his cheek. Fucking space god.
Steve has never laid one finger on this man in his life, but now I'm starting to think, I don't know,
Tony coughed a few more times before he was able to collect himself, and he looked Steve dead in his crystalline blue eyes and said, "I'm sorry, did Captain America just admit to smoking marijuana? No, don't tell me. You didn't inhale."
So, no, he didn't know how long he was down in the lab. Food seemed to appear whenever he realized he was hungry, and he had a bathroom down there to clean up in when the occasion called for it, but for all he knew, he'd been down there a week straight working on stuff when JARVIS intoned from on high, "
"I'm sorry that your father was a soldier that died before you were even born. I guess there's something almost fitting about that. His father was a soldier, too, that died before he even got to meet him. Your other grandfather was an asshole, and the less said about that prick, the better. Your grandmothers were wonderful people, though. You're not completely descended from asshats."
The swab he'd taken of his baby girl was an identical match to the swab Bruce had taken over two years earlier. Tony was singled out as being her 'probable' parent as he had been back then, but Tony had set it up to run it against all the genetic samples he had stored in the database, and sure enough, another match came up this time:
"Even if this is the first time you even noticed we were here," Barnes added, and Tony stared at him a moment then looked down at his belly. "Oh, you can't be serious."
Tony snorted a laugh even as he leaned into her touch. "Really? They told you what happens if I don't, for whatever reason, carry this…
"I'm not dying again," he offered as an opening, glancing to him out of the corner of his eye. "No, I didn't think you were," Rhodey said, still with that appraising look on his face, hands shoved in his pockets as he looked Tony over. "I think you've gotten a little too accepting of weird shit that you would have denied and tried to prove wrong beforehand."
Attempting to be as quiet as possible, he didn't turn any lights on, but he was kind of hungry, so he opened the fridge door and peered inside to see if there was anything quick to snack on. There was the last remnants of a pizza sitting on the table, but he wasn't in the mood for that, and he was too far away from civilization to send Steve out for some gelato— Mmm…chocolate peanut butter cup sounded really good right about now.
"First of all, what's the deal with that water birth stuff? I don't get—" He shook his head and decided it wasn't a path he was interested in traveling. "Anyway, no, I am going to a hospital where there are people, in theory, that know what the fuck they're doing and, god forbid anything happens, will be able to
"Nay," Thor said with a sorrowful shake of the head. "The magic of Esmeralda the Divine does not work in that way."
"Yeah," Steve said, sounding like he'd finally resigned himself to admitting that Tony was right, "or…
Tony was left gasping for breath, his knees embarrassingly gone weak, by the time Cap pulled away, hand still at the back of his head, his fingers stroking the nape of his neck in a fashion that was both soothing and titillating. While Olivia wrinkled her nose and grumbled at what she'd just seen — kissing boo-boos was OK but
"It's about following directions," Rhodey said as he cut into his waffle. "Can you follow directions?"
Bucky was the only one that he'd felt comfortable enough to share that with, and Bucky had made it his life's mission after that to get him set up with the 'right' kind of girl that would banish all those thoughts from his head.
Maybe not as quiet and peaceful as Malibu — he would think about getting back out there soon, but he knew that was where Pepper was headed, and…yeah…
He shrugged and turned on his side, grabbing Steve's unused pillow and tucking it between his legs. "Never mind, J. 'Night."
fault of their own, and the only thing he knew for certain was that his father was an alcoholic. And an asshole, but that probably didn't belong on a medical form.
They exchanged glances once again, both understanding their answer to be an unambiguous 'no,' and Steve turned to her and said, "That doesn't excuse what you did."
Steve shrugged and grimaced almost like he was embarrassed. "Yeah," he said and leaned against the counter-top. "There's good and bad things about both ways."
Rhodey just looked between the four assembled there then turned his attention to Steve and said, "Wait, you're robbing the cradle? How are you the one robbing the cradle?"
He nodded, slowly, exhaling a breath as he pressed his hands to his abdomen — like he would immediately feel the change done to his body.
Olivia pulled herself to her feet, that one particular plush toy in hand, and she reached out one small arm and said, "Daddy, up."
He awoke to the scent of bacon frying and coffee brewing, both things that were guaranteed to rouse him from his slumber and lure him into the kitchen like a siren song.
"Where's the baby?" he asked, seemingly from out of nowhere, and Steve had definitely been taken aback by it, as he furrowed his brow and stuttered a few times then said, "Uh, her room — in her room. Sleeping. I thought maybe we could use a little time together to ourselves. You don't mind, do you?"
Steve stared up at him a moment before he shook his head a little and dropped the fork and the spoon he was using to serve himself and took the bottle from Tony, staring at it a moment before he set to shaking it up.
"You heard the story about 'fondue,' right?" He snapped his fingers. "J, remind me to have a fondue party when the Cap gets back. Been a few days since I trolled him about anything."
"Nope!" he cried. "Cut it! Mute it! Don't care. Don't want to hear from him. Don't want to hear his voice."
do this forever, and yet, his pride wouldn't let him accept anything else for himself. Yes, he was married to Tony, and what was Tony's was now his, but Steve Rogers was a man of principle and honor and had grown up in an era when pride was everything. Steve's pride would never let him be a kept man no matter how much Tony was ready, willing, and able to provide for Steve's every need, whim, and desire for the rest of their lives.
Steve shrugged again, setting the glass down and turning to tuck his legs under the blankets. "Just…a feeling, I guess. I don't know. He— He's always around with Sam or Nat or Clint or even Thor or Bruce. I don't— I don't see him much. Try to talk to him about things that happened to us or places we used to go, and he just…doesn't seem interested. I guess I can't blame him."
thinking about any of that right now, thank you very much — and seen a threat far greater than any of them could have ever imagined.
have a price on my head from Hydra after this, but I don't think we have much of a choice left. If this doesn't blow over by this weekend, we may just have to bite the bullet and admit the truth."
Steve didn't say anything to that. He just reached up and put a firm hand to Tony's arm that rested over his clavicle and held tight to it. Tony pushed even closer so that their bodies were flush with each other, and he tightened his hold on Steve and pressed his cheek to Steve's, both of them facing the foot of the bed and the black screen of the TV on the wall ahead of them.
Steve dropped his arms again, and he reached out and snagged a hold of Tony's hand and gave it a squeeze just as Natasha and Pepper approached, Natasha looking cool and collected while Pepper looked a little nervous — which meant she was probably completely rattled underneath but was doing everything she could not to show it.
"What?" Tony asked as he came back into the living room, the container of half-and-half in one hand and a sugar bowl in the other.
. His fucking parents were...by... God, he could still remember the last time he'd ever seen his parents.
"So…" Steve said, drawing out his statement like he wanted to make sure he got the words right, "you're enjoying being a woman?"
Tony shook his head a little and shrugged. "Nothing," he said, attempting to be casual and yet averting his gaze so Steve couldn't look him in the eye.
"Didn't have any reason not to. But that was…" He swallowed. "That was her, wasn't it? Chirping about her…daddy."
Steve came up behind him, and he put his arms around Tony's waist and pressed a kiss against his temple, his broad hands splayed over Tony's abdomen. "Promise me all three."
As things continued to go back to normal in the world outside the Tower, the media and the public, somehow alerted to the fact that Captain America was now a father, began to clamor for pictures of the newest addition to the Avengers. Steve didn't want them getting a picture of his baby at all, but Tony knew the paparazzi — and the public — wouldn't rest until they'd caught a glimpse of the tiniest member of the crew.
his body. This was his body just as much as his other body was. Maybe he hadn't wanted to admit it. Maybe he'd thought admitting it was accepting defeat because he'd been forced into this body through no choice of his own, and so long as he fought it, so long as he denied it, it still gave him an illusion of choice in the matter. Because accepting this, accepting this body was accepting what had been done to him. It was saying whatever had been done to him was OK, and it was far, far from being OK.
"Steve, babe, look at me," he said and shook Steve gently by the shoulders. He waited for Steve to meet the gaze of the eye-slits again and said, "I am
That said, Tony was also too busy thinking about later tonight and whether he and Steve should have dinner downstairs in the restaurant or if they should just sit in bed in their nakedness once again and order in. He supposed it depended on how the conference went. If it went over well, they could probably chance going out. If it didn't, well, it would probably be best to lay low for a while, and maybe Steve still had some of that blueberry money left to splurge for a few more nights at the hotel.
"It's fine," he said, shaking his head slightly and cutting off Steve's self-deprecating explanation. "It's perfect. It's wonderful— And what do you mean a few dollars to you name? You're my husband. What's mine is yours."
Tony opened his eyes, and he met Steve's sad and nervous gaze for only a second before he stumbled off the chair and left the kitchen himself, swallowing once more and trying to pull in some semblance of a breath as he did so.
He grinned and tried to kiss him, but Tony pulled his head back and said, "I think I should probably explain something."
Natasha cooed at the baby and bounced her a little more. "Just wanted to keep an eye on you — make sure they didn't use anything more on you than a weak sedative."
Natasha leveled a pointed look at him, though he only caught it out of his peripheral vision. "I told you to stay up here."
"Not worried," Tony said with a curt shake of his head. "Kinda funny seeing Wilson's bitchy side. He was the last sane one around here until you showed up. Now, he's asking me if it's possible to trick out a paintball gun."
"No, honey, you can sit," Steve said and leaned down to kiss the top of his head. "You want something to drink?" he added and nodded his head toward the bar.
Tony smacked his hand away. "I said, I am literally taped into this dress. Wasn't that why I had to have you help me go to the bathroom before?"
Steve pushed away from the doorframe and came up to stand behind Tony so that they were both looking into the mirror. He put gentle hands on Tony's shoulder and oh-so-gently kneaded his fingers into the flesh and said, "Why shouldn't I?"
forge a team from this list of names — he'd had tougher challenges — but he'd have felt a lot better about the whole thing if he could have at least
You think you're the only one that gets scared? That thinks you'll wake up one day and have all this taken away from you? Get in line, babe. We all worry about what might happen. But I am stubborn enough to know that whatever
Steve purposely pushed the 'boyfriend' comment to the back of his mind, glanced into his half- filled cup, and said an easy, "What the hell?"
see a slight resemblance. Slight. OK, except for the blonde hair, she was pretty much the spitting-image of him when he was that age — well, in the face, anyway — and he grimaced and reached down and gently pulled her arms away from him and said, "Yeah, this isn't happening."
"Tony, Tony, breathe," Pepper was saying, her face a little fuzzy and her voice somewhat distant. "Breathe for me, Tony."
Tony snorted another bitter laugh. "I can afford to be. There's still a tiny part of me that thinks Steve really is going to walk off that Quinjet with the rest of them."
Steve went a little stiff at the mention of the age difference while Tony made a 'pfft' sound. "Please," he said, "those seventy years in the ice don't count. If anything, I'm older than he is, and I robbed
He shrugged as he moved closer. "Five years of lessons will do that to a kid." He stopped right in front of him. "So, really, the only thing you actually have to worry about are the slow dances you get stuck with at those benefits where you have to make nice with the dowagers and the princesses and basically anyone that has any influence in the powers that be that might support your cause.
Rhodey just waved him off and stepped into the elevator, and Tony heard him say, "Yeah, JARVIS, is Bruce around? Think I'll go hang out with him until those two get out of their system whatever it is that…" He shivered and shook his head, and the doors closed.
"—and now suddenly the next day he's out on the hunt with Iron Man? Steve, the public…they're fickle. You want Cap getting a reputation as a player?"
"And the soap tablets," Steve said as he cooked up the eggs. "Machine doesn't dispense those on its own."
Barnes didn't seem to know how to reconcile what he was seeing with what Steve was telling him, and he frowned and looked Tony over one more time and said, "Have fellas changed that much since…"
Steve just inhaled and nodded like he finally understood Tony's issue, and he stayed quiet a moment, his jaw set and his lips pursed, before he said, "Well, this is kinda what you looked like when I fell in love with you, and because I kinda have a thing for short—"
Steve just nodded and continued watching the film, and by the end, he found himself itching to pull Tony and Olivia into his arms and never, ever let them go because he…understood. He
Sam gave a little shrug. "I mean that you've spent the past how many years trying to convince yourself that you did the right thing. I've seen people have to talk themselves into and out of stuff before, but you? You put them to shame. You loved him. You were happy with him. He was happy with you. He loved you. He would have done anything for you. Ask anyone. They'll agree with me. The fact that it's been how many years and we're still rehashing the same shit?"
Steve broke their gaze, but not out of embarrassment, more like he was thinking back to an earlier time, and a little smile came over his face as he got lost in a memory.
He almost wanted to tell Tony to put his money where his mouth was — he was half-hard again already — but Tony just pulled back and held up the flute glass again. "Here," he said.
"Actually," Bruce said as Natasha motioned for them all to follow her over to the elevator, "rain on your wedding day is supposed to be good luck."
And lastly, there was the man — no, not the actual man, but a man wearing the face of someone he'd dreamt about once upon a time. It was uncanny the resemblance, as was the name.
Steve just grinned at him and continued to pet DUM-E, and Barnes watched him a moment before he nodded his head at the useless heap of scrap metal and said, "Can he really… Can he really understand what we're saying?"
"Yeah, OK!" Bruce said and stepped in before Tony could say anything more. He made a face then crouched down to the kid's level and said, "Hey, sweetheart, so, in case you haven't noticed, your, uh,
Thor frowned at him, sympathy adorning his face. "I'm sorry, my friend. I trust your mother would have purchased one for you if she had had the means."
"Sometimes I think she's taller than me in those things," Steve said and zipped the bag back up again and tossed it on the floor.
"What?" Bruce asked as he and Rhodey came back into the living area, Bruce with a cup of tea and Rhodey with a bottle of water.
Jim rolled his eyes. "They didn't beat him up. They just...threw stuff at him. All right? Look, Philly's a tough town."
"Nothing." Tony shook his head and sat back as Steve got in the car and closed the door. There was music playing (he guessed he would call it music), the sound quality absolutely phenomenal, and the seats were the softest, sleekest leather he'd ever felt. 'Expensive' was the first word to come to mind when looking over his surroundings. The entire interior looked as though something out of a dream — something he'd expect Stark to design for one of his cars — fancy switches and buttons and lights, and there was a colorful screen in the middle of the dashboard. As Tony pulled the car up to the intersection and waited for the traffic to clear, Steve leaned in a bit closer to read what was on the screen. Bruce Springsteen. Santa Claus is Coming to Town. He
"I love you, Steve. I fucking love you to pieces. That's… That's what popped into my head. Just the fact that I'm so lucky and so fortunate to have you, and all I could think of was how much I loved you and how lucky I was to have you here with me and I…"
Seeing nothing — and feeling nothing (well, he had to make sure) — he made his way out of the living room and over to the bathroom. He flicked on the light and stepped into the room then stood in front of the mirror to take stock of himself.
"Yeah, no, not speaking about it. Look, I know, all right? Call it 'mother's intuition' or something. I know that this — that that— I know, all right? I just know, and I don't care. It's not a big deal. I think it's a bigger deal to you than it is to me."
DUM-E was over in his station, charging, but he was raising his arm slowly, almost deviously, like he was trying to get a look at who this new person was in the lab without getting caught doing it.
"I am not completely incompetent. Cooking is about creation. It's about making things. I can make things."
"Incidentally, J, I think we should refrain from in any way, shape, or form informing the Captain that his family in that alternate universe was, well, me. Not sure he'd be open to it. Heightened pulse could also mean he recognized I was making a pass at him — which, honestly, I wasn't intending to do; it just sort of happened — and was, well, not entirely receptive to it."
"Sorry, Tony," Bruce said and, just like the literature had said, set the baby down on his abdomen, "I know you and Steve were set on a boy, but it's a girl."
"Of course not," Natasha said as she positioned it to make sure the skirt of his dress covered it. "Besides, Steve can pull it off with his teeth later on."
"You can't?" Tony said. "Try being the one that's going through this. You should all count yourselves lucky I haven't thrown myself out a window yet." He snapped his fingers. "Now, there's something! I could just throw myself down a flight of stairs—"
"So…just so I understand," he said, slowly, like he was trying very, very hard to process what he'd just heard, "Captain America got Iron Man
He wanted to tell Bruce to go fuck himself, but he grudgingly had to admit that the man was right. He fought to gain a little traction again, sitting up just a little, Natasha and Barnes both supporting him and bracing him, and he went with it, not listening to Bruce but listening to what his body was telling him to do. Because even though this was nightmarish pain that he couldn't have ever imagined on his worst day, there was still something…
So, the ranks of the Avengers began to grow, increasing the size of that family, but he also had something he'd always wanted but was never sure he'd get: a family of his own.
while the clerk said, his tone verging on astonished, "Minimal damage? Well, if I had access to Tony Stark's billions, I guess I'd consider that 'minimal damage,' too."
Tony raised an eyebrow. "Paper?" he asked and, holding his burger in one hand, grabbed the straw for his milkshake and hit it on the table a few times to get the paper to break. "How does that even work?"
Tony turned to Bruce and Rhodey, who were both busy stuffing their faces with pizza. "I must have been drunk off my ass when I agreed to marry that tool."
Tony bit his lips as though to suppress a reaction of some kind then sobered and cleared his throat. "Honey, trust me, this is
But Steve just stormed out of the bathroom, Tony in a bridal carry in his arms, and he marched over to the bed and dropped him down onto it then climbed atop him and began to fucking
"I don't think you should speak for the group on that," Barton said, and she rolled her eyes and waved him off.
"Yeah, that sounds like fun," he muttered, but Steve just put a hand to his lower back and steered him down the hall in the direction the doctor had gone.
"Um, why?" Tony asked, startled at the idea that Steve would not want to share a sketch with him. From the moment they'd started going out, Steve had shown him pretty much everything. He might have been hesitant, but he'd done it, and even now, he might hesitate a moment or so — Tony just assumed there was still a part of him that didn't think he was good enough — but he'd relent and show Tony what he'd sketched, and Tony would marvel at it and tell Steve how good it was because, seriously, Steve was fucking good. He really had a knack for more artistic endeavors, and a couple times now Tony had told him that if he ever got tired of the whole Avengering business that he could definitely go into art.
Bruce was looking nervous and shaking his head, but Rhodey was the one that caught Barton's attention and shook his head some and made a slight hand motion for him to cool it.
He rubbed his belly, hoping to soothe the rambunctious kraken that was busy doing his daily calisthenics, and he smiled a little and wished Howard had been able to see this. Just once. Just for one day see what his 'greatest creation' had done to his 'greatest disappointment.' He supposed looking like this it lost some of its punch, but then, looking like this had to count for something, right?
Steve's eyes went soft and sad at that, but he saw no inkling of surprise written over Steve's face. Instead, he saw what looked like understanding — like Tony had just confirmed to him something he'd already suspected.
Tony took the last cookie off the sheet to set it on the cooling rack then smacked the spatula down on the counter and muttered, "Fine."
He watched as Steve set the card down on the small table in the vestibule then went into the adjacent living room, also already burning lights. As Tony followed him into the living room, Steve unbuttoned his tux jacket and tossed it over the back of one of the chairs then turned back to him and said, "Said you needed to pee, right?"
"Keep forgetting there's not a real person behind that voice," Barnes muttered, glancing upward even though the voice was in his ear.
"I don't want you think you can't trust me, all right? You're Steve's…fella? Gal? I don't know what I—"
Tony just shrugged. When he said it like that, it did sound pretty fucking stupid. To think Steve had no other choice but
"I'm sorry," he said, giving the words a little snottier attitude than he might have in any other situation, "how is this in any way comparable to that?"
"And yet young enough to be my boy-toy. It's an amazing relationship. Nothing like it in the history of the world. We should count ourselves lucky."
The others departed after they'd finished stuffing themselves, leaving Steve and Tony alone again, and evidently the gang suspected they were itching to reignite the marital relations that had gone stagnant over the course of the past several weeks, as the group of them had all concurred with Barton when he'd said, "Hey, if you need us to take her off your hands for a while…"
Barnes and Wilson shrugged, and Rhodey said, "Look, Tones, you and Steve said you didn't want to know. You wanted to be surprised."
He squeezed his arms tight around Tony's midsection, and Tony swallowed and closed his eyes and wondered, for not the first time in his life, how he was so fucking lucky as to land the most honest sap in the world this side of the atomic age.
Tony sighed a little and rolled his eyes. "Look," he said and adjusted the baby's weight in his arm, the baby happily gumming on her hand, "she's too young to realize what it even means, but it's still her first Christmas, and she's our first baby, and I'm pretty sure good parents do stupid shit like this with their first-borns."
Thor shrugged but still nodded his agreement. "That is, as I believe you say, the long and short of it. Our Man of Iron must do this or face the most dire of consequences."
He would never be there again to leave his dirty clothes in a pile on the floor or backwash into the orange juice or refuse to stack the dishwasher. He would never be there again to tease Tony about his height or try to make excuses for himself by playing up his age or guilt people into apologizing just by staring at them.
"Shit," he said and made to jump up until he realized he still had a newborn attached to his tit. That, and he wasn't really in a position to do anything but get off the couch slowly and gently. "Yeah, OK," he said and gave the code to authorize lockdown. Satisfied that JARVIS had initiated the protocol, Tony carefully broke the latch and pulled the baby away. "Remain where I am my ass," he muttered as he readjusted his clothes, even if some part of him screamed in agony at the thought of getting up and
He went over to the elevator and hit the button, the doors opening right back up for him, and he stepped on and at JARVIS's prodding, said, "Lab, J, I guess. Not much else for me to do around here."
It hadn't been an easy decision to make. He'd suffered through it, labored through it, run through the pros and cons of it in his head. The only 'pro' he could see to it was that Tony would get the life he deserved, not what little Steve could give him. It was odd that Howard didn't seem bothered by him in the least. Maybe he figured Tony was just going through an experimental period and Steve was but one in a long line of 'phases' he had to suffer through. Not to say Howard had
"I'm not going to use that as an excuse to jump to the front of the line. We can wait our turn like everyone else."
"Jersey— Guy out in Jersey. His mother had them 'cause her father had them or something. Didn't seem to know how his grandfather had gotten his hands on them. I'm going to assume Howard had a fire sale after you…disappeared."
"Oh, great," Darcy murmured under her breath as she glanced away innocently. "The hall monitor's here."
"When it's been able to fester and break down food into more easily-digestible particles, yeah, it does— And
He swallowed and took a breath to calm the thrum of desire that was shivering through his veins. No, they'd done quite enough for tonight. He was tired — sort of; that shower had really woken him up — and it was late, and he wasn't sure he could handle one more round of Steve controlling when he could come, as much as he loved it. He just needed to relax, get something light to eat, and go to sleep. His body would thank him for it.
"Bruce is full of shit!" he cried then clamped his mouth shut and sank back into the seat some as the driver glanced at him in the rear view mirror.
"It's not that," Steve said as he sat back down in his chair and watched the monitors. He flipped through a couple and tried to find the trio, but they seemed to keep stepping out of view just as he hit the right camera. "It's just…it would be weird, all right? Especially after that joke of his from last night."
Tony was staring at him, frowning, concern growing by the minute, and Steve unfolded his arms and reached down to take hold of him, pulling him slowly and gently to his feet. Tony continued to stare at him, warily now, dark eyes narrowing as he skirted his gaze all over Steve's face — those dark eyes lined with those gorgeous dark, curly lashes — his lips thinned in something like a pout. He went to ask something, but Steve just smiled at him, and he ran gentle hands down Tony's arms from his shoulders to his wrists and said, "I'm...perfect."
"I practically was. Also, this designer of yours may have the goods, but her bedside manner could use a little work."
Wilson just stared at him. "That doesn't mean shit. You said it looks cute." "Yeah? You were ready to scroll right past it until I said that."
Tony frowned at her, perplexed — seriously, who told her about those stupid competitions? He never had — but Natasha shrugged and said, "Eh, a little of both."
It really was a sweet picture, to be honest, taken in the penthouse living room a month after Olivia had been born. So far as he could tell, it almost broke the internet, being retweeted, reblogged, and reposted more times than anyone could count, reactions ranging from literal squees over how cute it was to either cynical pricks insisting it was a scripted shot with a 'rented' baby
Tony shrugged. "Kind of a little both?" he offered, which he knew was ridiculously unhelpful, but it really was the truth so far as he figured it.
They once again found themselves in an old Soviet bloc country, and Tony was really wishing that Steve's old pal would take a detour and head on down to some tropical island paradise for a change. OK, not like he or Steve had ever done one of these runs before, but in principal. He was starting to feel like he could use a vacation.
And then he smiled a little, one of those sad and self-deprecating sorts, and said, "Sometimes I just feel old and useless."
Too wonderful to be bothered by Pepper's admittedly understandable ire with his life choices. It maybe hadn't been his smartest idea, and maybe Steve shouldn't have gone along with it, but what was done was done and there was nothing they could do to change it. Pepper would smooth it over with the board. That was why she got paid the big bucks, and Tony didn't doubt her abilities to ply them with believable excuses for a minute.
"Mmm…I love you so much, old man," he murmured and pressed a light kiss against Steve's lips. "But no," he said after he parted.
Barnes grimaced and scratched the back of his neck with the hand that wasn't holding the gun. "Uh…there's other… I'm not the only Winter Soldier."
Tony took a deep breath, and he exhaled it after a moment of quiet deliberation and said, "Look, Steve, we really shouldn't chance messing with the time-space continuum too much. I know I've already spoiled a whole bunch of shit for you — and clearly you're a better actor than I ever gave you credit for because I never once suspected you knew about any of this — and while there's some things that I don't think are going to cause a problem if you know them, there's other things that I just
And then, before he could say a word otherwise, Thor pulled away and took several long strides over to the door, quietly letting himself out in a way that was almost uncharacteristic of him.
They both turned their gazes down to what looked to be a baby name book, and from the slightly worn condition, it wasn't something Barton had just picked up at the airport.
"It's 'cause we're soul mates," Tony said with a slight sneer. He bit into the first slice of preserve- slathered toast and chewed. "We'll kill you with our fated-to-be cuteness."
"Whatever," he said and pulled away from Steve to scoop Olivia up out of the crib to cradle her against his chest. "I guess in art school it's considered a 'style' or an 'homage.'"
But that was a concern for another time because he had other things to deal with — parties to plan and presents to get and friendships to help mend, which all kind of came crashing into each other at one point. It was as he was putting on the finishing touches to his decorating scheme one morning about a week before when Barnes showed up in his lab, confusion written all over his face.
Tony grinned at Barnes's sudden panic then said, "Yeah, seriously, what's with this pissing contest between you two? I mean, in theory, shouldn't
Bucky made a 'hmm' sound like he still wasn't convinced, and Sam said, "You don't think it's...at all weird...that in the event of your unfortunate and untimely death that your baby girl is going to be raised by your husband's ex-girlfriend? I don't care about how smart or hot or accomplished she is. You're gonna let your baby girl be raised by your husband's ex?"
"Great," Tony said, Steve's finger still over his lips, "hopefully that one doesn't look as shitty as the last one."
of the clippers, and he swore he could hear Tony roll his eyes as he said, "That's a real vote of confidence in my abilities there."
The traffic was better on Park, but the procession line was a bit slow-going, and at one point, Steve turned to him and said, "Offer still stands."
The room went dead silent at that, evidently no one sure how to respond to Tony's 'cutesy baby crap' comment, before Barton clapped his hands together and said, "So, rejected wedding cake! Who wants a slice? I know I could go for a slice."
Actually, now that he thought about it, maybe he was a bit hungrier than he let himself imagine. His lunch at work had consisted of a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and an apple, after all.
"C'mere," he said, and DUM-E happily wheeled out of his charging station and over to the trio. "What? No, don't get excited. I'm not giving you a job to do. Last time I gave you a job, you ended up wearing the hat. You want to wear the hat again?"
"It— It is a good fine arts school," Jim supplied over the sounds of rustling paper and Bucky plucking on the guitar string, and Tony turned to him like he'd committed the ultimate act of betrayal. He stared at Jim a moment, and Jim just shrugged and took a gulp of his coffee.
any man showing anything remotely close to stereotypically female traits or qualities or interests or endeavors is somehow
"Whatever," he said and rolled his eyes then snapped his fingers and said, "You know who's really hot with a beard? That guy, that, uh, oh, what the hell is his name? He was in that movie with the train and the snow. Kinda looks a little like Steve, don't you think?"
"I didn't call you fat," Steve said, earnest and matter-of-fact. He glanced over a second. "And put your seat belt on."
She nodded at the small implements she had handed to them. "Give those to him exactly as I said and he will." She then shrugged and added, "Or do not. And risk having no heir to the throne."
The last of the hesitance left Steve's face, and he nodded his head toward the bathroom door. "Come on. Didn't you say you had to pee?"
The smile wiped clean off Barnes's face. "Tony," he said slowly, like he was trying to gently remind Tony of something he should have already known, "Steve's not coming home."
He wondered, only briefly, if he would have been somewhat better adjusted if they'd just let him go to public school or, at the very least, allowed him to stay in the class with his own age group. Being a seventeen-year-old graduate of MIT looked great on paper, but as for making lifelong friends, it
"I can do more than boil stuff," Steve grumbled but still took a seat at the other side of the island.
“Well,” he said, dropping his voice an octave from his normal speaking voice, “we’ll just have to do something about that, now won’t we?”
"You spend every other column demanding the government round us up and lock us up in the Raft," Steve said, his voice as sharp-edge as his face was steely.
"Yeah, we're keeping this off the secret-spy-agency-formerly-known-as-SHIELD's radar as much as possible."
Much as he loved her, much as he didn't care that this wasn't her, there was still a part of him that wanted to believe this was
And then she was kissing the back of her hand in the most obscene way that only a four-year-old that had watched her parents kiss time and again could muster. Which meant that it was equal parts hysterical and adorable to watch. He bit his lips to try to contain his mirth, and when that didn't work, he turned away and got a hold of himself before he turned back, his face schooled into something more neutral. Thankfully, Olivia had stopped and was back to munching on her sandwich.
He took a quick glance back at the picture on the bureau, looked down at the gold band on his finger, then took a breath and stepped out into the hall.
Tony tweaked a smile and got to his feet. He scratched the back of his head and said, "Yeah, uh... Follow me?"
Tony motioned around them, spinning around with his arms open wide. "We're in the fucking boonies, Steve! No one around for miles to hear us! Cars on the highway are going by too fast to hear."
So, the whole point of the matter was that he really didn't think he could stand being so close to Tony in so intimate a setting and not… Look, he could control his urges and impulses as well as anyone, so he wasn't about to compromise Tony in any way. It wasn't the physical aspect of it that scared him; it was the emotional aspect. Holding Tony in his arms, swaying with him to a romantic rhythm — his heart was sure to take it as more than it was, and he knew his heart couldn't take the rejection when Tony pulled away, said, "You're not terrible," and then laughed about it with him later on as though it had meant nothing to him. And it
"I'm happy to hear that," Steve said and set the other half of the bagel down on a plate in front of him before we went about fixing another one for himself.
Steve seemingly thought about this a moment before he said, "No, I don't think— It's…kind of hard to explain. I mean, there's things we can do when you're in one form that we can't do when you're in the other and vice versa."
Tony pulled away from Steve, and, still smiling at him, eyes focused on him, said to the collected group, "No one asked the rest of you to be here."
Which was probably the best approach to take because Steve — superstitious, stuck-in-the-forties Steve — got wind of the plans and absolutely put his foot down regarding it.
Tony just shrugged and chewed on his bagel and said, "No biggie. You discovered you like Toaster Strudel better than Pop-Tarts. Someone'll eat that shelf-full in the pantry." He nodded at Barton. "Hey, you want some Pop-Tarts for when you 'flip houses' with your 'girlfriend'?"
all yours," he said, his tone flat. Steve saw this more as a compliment than the slight exasperation that Rhodey intended it to be, and, with one arm around him, he hugged Tony close and pressed a kiss to his temple.
"Yeah, OK," Steve said and stood at the foot of the bed looking like he wasn't sure what to do with himself, one hand at the back of his neck as he stared at the tousled sheets. "OK, yeah, go brush your teeth, and I'll be here."
He clamped his mouth shut and swayed to the rhythm, letting Steve take the lead as he was wont to do. Steve brought his mouth up from Tony's shoulder and pressed another kiss first to his jaw and then to his cheek then rubbed his cheek against Tony's and tightened his embrace just the faintest amount.
Steve grimaced, and he scratched at the back of his head and said, "Yeah, uh, I just— I don't have much experience with kids. I don't really know how to—"
where the budget went for it; it sure as hell wasn't for furnishings and décor). Steve was still a little put-out as the first two slices cooked on the pan, but by the time Tony took the finished product off and slid it over to Steve to drown in maple syrup, he was much better about things, happily taking the toast and drenching it in enough syrup to make Mrs. Butterworth blush.
"Thanks," he said. Just because he didn't believe the guy didn't mean he couldn’t be somewhat grateful to him for keeping him alive and away from frostbite for at least a little while longer.
They left, the door latching shut behind the last one to depart, and Natasha went back to painting his toes.
Tony gawked at him, mouth open as he took in the reality of what Steve was saying to him. "Wait, you… Are you afraid I might at some point like Barnes better than you if I talk to him?"
He was just putting it at the head of the table when Bruce walked in followed by Natasha and Barnes, and Bruce smiled at him a little sheepishly and said, "Sorry, I know I said I'd be up here hours ago, but it's crazy down there." And then, he glanced around the room and said, "I forgot what quiet sounds like."
"I spend more time with her, if that's what you mean. Just the way it works out. I don't go out avenging as much as I used to. I think it's more you get to be the 'fun' one and I have to be the 'responsible' one, if you can believe it."
Natasha, however, took Bruce up on the suggestion to look, and she took a gander and arched an eyebrow then said, "So, that's what it looks like."
He bid 'goodnight' to Bucky and Sam and said he'd see them tomorrow, and when Bucky said, "Say 'hi' to your boy for us!" as he departed, he rolled his eyes and shook his head and waved him off, figuring it wasn't worth it to contradict him. Bucky wouldn't listen, anyway, and Sam would just back him right up.
"Well, you know," Steve said, attempting to go with 'playful' instead of 'defensive' for a change, "you're not going to be my boy-toy forever. I might have to trade you in for a newer model at some point. Maybe I can get one that doesn't talk so much and can let me get a word in every now and then."
Steve just squeezed his hands to quiet him. "I have to make it right. I have to… I have to help make it right. He's not… I know he's not the same… I know he's different. I know he's had experiences I can never understand. I know he's had a life I'll never know about. I know… I know Nat's seen him in ways I never will."
"I fully expect you to. You and she are… You are my priorities now, you and Olivia. I mean, you've been, but…it's different now."
Tony just pursed his lips and folded his arms again, nestling them beneath breasts that he suddenly realized were kind of tender. "Yeah? That's funny because
He pulled away from the steering wheel and sat back against the seat, bumping the back of his head against the headrest. He snuffled and kept his hand on his belly, and he thought once more of his mother and her soft, sophisticated way. He thought of her stroking a light hand over his face and calling him 'dear' or 'darling' and kissing his cheek. He closed his eyes, and he smiled as he thought of her looking upon him as he appeared now and saying in her soft, calm way, "
"Uh, no. That would only be if we were both kidding ourselves. I have it from a reliable source that Steve is very much attracted to me in both bodies. God, how weird is it that I can even say that?"
He consigned himself to his lab, where he labored and toiled away at various upgrades and gadgets and gizmos he had promised the team and the Board — when he wasn't passed out on the couch that was. Seriously, he was fucking exhausted constantly, he woke up nauseated, and he could barely stand the smell of various foods he hadn't been able to get enough of in his other body.
Tony hummed a bit, intrigue and lust sounding like they were mixed in together. "I like it when you get all possessive and protective. It's quite the turn-on."
"Did Bruce or Doctor Ganford actually tell you to your face that—" Steve started to ask, and Tony scoffed.
Steve snorted a laugh at this but just paged through whatever he was reading, and Tony realized it was a manila folder.
"There is a theory that bondmates have such a connection. The passion never wanes from their relationship. It continues to burn and feed the embers of both lust and love. Bondmates also have a way of becoming so engrossed with one another that they are able to block out the presence of their closest brethren. And it is said that bondmates can speak entire conversations with each other by just their eyes."
," Tony said after he'd swallowed the bite. "It was just… Look, it's a long story, and maybe it made me question everything I'd ever accepted about myself, but whatever. It's…"
Steve had gotten the top flap open, ripping off the packaging tape, and was just starting to pull at the inner packaging.
He closed his eyes and took a deep and calming breath when he felt Bruce stick a finger inside of him, and Bruce made a flat 'hmm' sound, and Tony's eyes shot open as he tried to look over the hump of his belly.
Bruce smiled at him then said, gently and like he was handling Tony with kid gloves, "You— You know Steve's not coming home, right, Tony? You know he's dead, don't you? I know what you think you feel, Tony, but he—" He shook his head some. "Even Steve couldn't have survived that."
that's pregnant with your child. Maybe Bucky was all you had back in the bad old days, but he's not what you have now. You've got me, and you've got the other Avengers—"
"You don't realize it, but you just quoted an old Alka-Seltzer commercial." At Steve's confused frown, he added, "It's probably on YouTube. I'll show you later."
Thor chuckled and finished making his sandwich. "I do not have anything in my possession at current, but if you would like them, you may have the magnificent picture cards I purchased at one of your fine Midgardian beach-side shops."
He sighed and closed the door, not even bothering to hide the fact that he was rolling his eyes. "I don't know," he said and looked at the container. "Pulp free," he read aloud. "Does that sound right?"
He felt two small hands slap against either side of his face, and the next thing he knew, eyes the same color as his were boring into him.
Jane opened her mouth to say something, but Darcy made a 'pfft' sound and rolled her eyes and said, "
But the guy just let his gaze run up and down Tony's body a couple times, almost like he was trying to see if he was telling the truth or not, and he swallowed and opened and closed his mouth a couple times then scratched the back of his head and said, "Yeah, you know what? I just realized. I got an early day tomorrow. Got a big project I gotta work on, so you know what? Why don't I, uh… Why don't we… Yeah, I'll see you around."
"Oh, is that so?" Steve said. "Well—" he turned to Tony, "—we don't want to waste a moment of that, now do we?"
Other Tony stared right back at him. Tony spied a sliver of unease in his dark eyes but he kept his composure as he said, "Uh…no one. Just my mom. She was a… She taught science. Uh, why?"
And so that he still wasn't fully dilated, he paced and he breathed through the pain and focused on his equations, and he squatted and got on all fours and leaned forward as he braced himself against the table and pretty much just tried to find any position imaginable that was comfortable or that would lessen the pain. He was so fucking tired, and he rested when he could, but the pain never let him get comfortable for long, and Bruce had said something about putting a monitor of some kind on him, but the venomous look he'd given him for the mere suggestion had left Bruce shrinking away and telling Natasha that he would be back to check on him in a while and to alert him to any obvious changes in Tony's condition before that.
Steve just shrugged and waved off his concern. "Then why bother? Worry about making a good impression when there's someone here to be impressed."
"This," he said and made the motion again. "All of this is because of you." He pointed to Steve at that, and Steve raised an eyebrow. "My reputation is shot all thanks to you."
Tony just answered by throwing him the middle finger with his left hand as he shoved a bite of chocolate into his mouth with his right.
"Anyway, I think there's a Starbucks around here somewhere," Tony added, his attention now turned back to the road. "The stuff back home will be cold by the time we get back, and I know you prefer home-brewed over any of the chains, but you're the one that had the freak out and then went running down the street, so, now you've got to deal with the consequences."
"That is the poorest excuse for being a dumbass I have ever heard," Tony muttered but left it at that.
him. The first thing Howard had ever said to him the first time he'd met him — a Thanksgiving holiday break that Steve had opted to spend with Tony's family instead of Bucky's for the first time since his mother had died — Howard had shook his hand, looked him over, and said, "
Steve looked like he was trying very hard not to let his anger get the best of him, and Tony turned to her and said, "OK, seriously, that's like the…tenth time you've said something like that."
"I let you get under my skin once. If I do it again — if I let you get to me again — if you break it off… I don't know if I'll be able to come back from that. Look, I know that I pretend to be all tough and like I have my shit together and like I don't care what anybody thinks of me, but goddamn it, Steve, you fucking
"Whoa, don't go anywhere yet, babe. I need your brain to function around at least twenty-five percent until I get us slicked up here."
Barnes stared back at him like the proverbial deer in the headlights before the blank look cleared and was instead replaced with embarrassment and misery. He squeezed his eyes shut, the hand that wasn't holding the gun flexing like he was trying to work out some inner frustration.
Several people began talking at once, demanding his attention, and he pointed to one in the front row. "You. Go."
"Don't call me 'the man with the plan' for nothing." He nudged Tony some and said, "Look, supper's getting cold, and I went to a lot of trouble to get JARVIS to order it up for me, especially considering that I could tell he was kind of mad at me."
He'd just squeezed his eyes shut, tears threatening to fall through, when the drums started. A march beat on snares. What sounded like an organ. English voices — or voices speaking English, anyway. His eyes still closed, he frowned and raised an eyebrow as he listened.
"Before any other crazy shit happens. Because I want to say we were married. Because yeah, OK, maybe there's a part of me that is more traditional than I'd like to admit I am, and maybe I don't want my kid born a bastard."
"Look," he said, clearly not holding Tony's aborted attempts at discussing his sex life against him, "I like Cap. He's a great guy. Honest, dependable, trustworthy. But whatever
"That didn't sound like a question," Sam replied as he continued to cradle Olivia. "You said you were gonna ask."
He glanced over to Steve in time to see him look up at him from his tablet. "I know," he said, sounding none-too-pleased by the name.
"Yeah," Tony said, sitting back a little and folding his arms, resting them on the swell of his belly, "I'm not really one to accuse total strangers of lying to my face, but clearly, you're lying to me."
He frowned, chewing as he watched them load up plates with doughnuts and mugs with coffee and then make like they were heading back toward the living room.
Steve just stared at him, evidently unimpressed with his explanation, before he said, "You just want me to stay old and out-of-touch so you can keep making fun of me."
Tony stopped and frowned at him, and Barnes made a slight face and scratched at the back of his head.
The water shut off, and the light clicked off, and a few moments later, he felt Steve's presence again. He felt a finger stroke down his face, and Steve murmured, "God, you're so beautiful," before he took hold of the leash and began to lead him.
The doors slid closed, and Tony exhaled a breath and squeezed his eyes shut at the resurgent ache in his back and whispered a quiet and pathetic, "
Olivia just nestled closer to him, getting comfortable as she snuggled against his torso. "I think you're the best, Papa."
Tony shot him a pointed look. "An actual 'date' or another secret rendezvous with Pepper to talk smack about me?"
"What?" Tony replied, breezy and light. "A little birdie told me you always wanted to learn how to dance. I just thought maybe—"
of them left. All over the place. I'm not sure we even scratched the surface of what remains because when the ship went down, it was every man for himself, and some of them banded together, and some of them started their own, and— Look, what I'm saying is that Captain America's kid would be like the golden chalice to any of these assclowns. You know what they did to his pal Barnes. Can you imagine what they would do to his kid?"
"Just didn't think about it. I said, you two are old and married and…pregnant. The rest of us are single and definitely
Tony frowned and turned to Steve, who looked upon him in horror. "Tony, no," he said, his voice firm but with just the barest hint of a terrified waver. "I'm not cutting you open. I don't know the first thing about that."
"I did get into the city a couple times," he said, brushing off Tony's comment. "Buck and I went up to the Roseland Ballroom one time. He had a couple of dames— broads—
Wait, Rhodey was in town? Oh, that's right. Rhodey was... They had plans, didn't they? Fuck, maybe he'd been hitting the sauce a little too hard lately.
But Tony just went over to the exam table and picked up the paper smocks that had been left there for him. "Wait, I'm supposed to take off all my clothes in front of a stranger and put
Steve nodded, and he reached down and carefully and gently scooped the baby up and cradled her against his chest, rocking her ever so gently like he was trying to stave off waking her up, and he nodded his head at the couch. Tony sighed out a breath and sank down onto the cushions as Steve crouched and set Olivia in her little carrier to let her take the rest of her nap there, and he kissed her forehead then leaned over and kissed Tony and said, "I'm gonna go check in with the others, and then I'll see about finding something for dinner."
She smiled down at him, her green eyes shining with tears before she attended to the matter, cutting where Bruce instructed while Barnes watched with a grimace from his comfortable distance.
He would swear Tony's brain short-circuited once again at that, as he blinked, some weird twinge of a smile over his face, his entire body rigid like he was imagining something untoward related to what Steve had just said. He hadn't intended for it to be a come-on, but he let his thoughts delve into the darker parts of his mind, and he suddenly realized how that sounded.
Tony shrugged a little. "Haven't really been scoping the place out that much the past few days. Been kind of otherwise occupied. Evidently, Brucie and Barnes moved it in at some point when I wasn't paying attention. Is it nice?"
"I know you're trying to be funny," Tony said as he shoved another bite in his mouth and went for more. He chewed the bite some then said, "But it honest-to-god does taste better from Steve's plate. He and I had the same thing, and his tastes ten-times better than mine."
off-base there, Brucie. There is no 'enjoying' or 'embracing' going on here. There is only counting down the days until this is done and over with."
But evidently, Bucky didn't, and Steve swore angrily under his breath and, presumably, took off running. But instead of Tony saying anything, it was Natasha, who grunted in what sounded like disguised pain and said, "
"Yeah, but, whatever it is—" He let go of Tony's hands to reach up and cup Tony's face, and he brought his mouth down to Tony's in a sweet, tender, and slightly heated kiss, running the tip of his tongue over the length of Tony's bottom lip to get him to part his mouth and offer entrance.
He poured another ladle of batter onto the iron as Bruce shuffled his way into the room, hair mussed and still dressed in sleep clothes.
"Steve did threaten to separate them the other day," Natasha said and dipped the brush into the bottle of polish to apply the first coat to his other foot.
Bruce just gave her a hesitant smile and said, "Well, Papa was probably… Papa probably has his reasons."
He set the plates and the flatware down, and Natasha and the other two began to serve themselves, and as he took the last chair at the island, Tony said, "You know what? We'll make it interesting. If it's a girl—"
Tony heard an 'oof' sound like Steve had hit against something, and the next thing he heard was Steve's voice pleading, "
"What's her name?" Hill asked, sounding equal parts intrigued and under the firm belief that he was lying through his teeth, which he probably was as he hedged and stumbled a bit before he finally said a somewhat unsure, "Uh,
"Seventy-two hours," he said and rubbed his nose as he snuffled through his tears. "I've spent seventy-two hours in the lab no problem. But this? I can't do this. I can't
Tony hesitated before he brushed his hand over her hair again and said, "Yeah, I think he did. We'll have to get you another one."
"Not your fucking apartment, Barton!" Tony called back to him. "You go down to your floor, I'm sure you'll find it's all on the same level."
Rhodey was quiet a moment, and Tony looked up just in time to see him make a somewhat coy face as he said, "Yeah, I don't think so."
"Think we're good, Jolly Green," Tony said. "If someone wants to collect our injured leader, however, and take him on back to the 'jet for Banner to patch up, though, I'd appreciate it."
"Took you long enough," Tony muttered, but he twitched a smile at Steve to let him know he was teasing him.
"Fucking idiot," he grumbled and grabbed a towel to wipe himself down with. He grimaced a little at the small puddles of water he'd left all over the bathroom floor but figured they'd evaporate in due time, and he made sure to steer clear of the bathroom mirror as he toweled himself off.
Steve merely laughed a little. "No! No, nothing like that. It's just…" He grimaced and said, "I may have already promised him you would take a look at it. It's…it's really bothering him. Bad. He doesn't know how to fix it. I said you were a genius. You'd fix it for him in no time flat."
Tony just made a face, and he turned some in Steve's embrace so he could look up at him, brow furrowed and lips thinned into a partial grimace. But Steve smiled at him, and he said, "It's Christmas. Told ya. First Christmas I've had in a long time with a family of my own. Kinda...I don't know... Just... Something nice I'd like to keep around for a long time to come."
"But she struck me as the type of woman that knew what she wanted and got what she wanted and didn't give a shit what anyone thought of her for it."
"Nay," Thor said as he crunched on more bacon. "You were but in the right place at the right time. She did not seek you out. You merely caught her attentions when you made your presence known to her."
"Hey, man," Wilson said and adjusted the box again, "we got a bunch of starving Avengers up there. I think that counts as an emergency, don't you?"
to feel it or concentrating on it or trying to figure out if there was some way to trigger it. He didn't know why he was so obsessed with it. Maybe because this finally, well and truly, made it real. Because before this, yeah, he
Tony stopped drumming his fingers to look at Steve. "Sometimes I forget how old you really are," he muttered.
He didn't know if Tony meant the trusts or the fondling, so he gave him both, bowing his head to suck at the crook of Tony's neck, inhaling a scent he couldn't quite describe but one that somehow seemed to electrify his nerves. Tony was meeting him thrust-for-thrust now, his breathing heavy and jagged, and over some sort of mechanized hum in the distance and the creak of something beneath them, Steve could only hear the slick slap-and-slide of flesh against flesh. The familiar feeling of release began to build within him, each thrust bringing him closer and closer to the edge, and he had just dropped his hand away from Tony's undoubtedly bruised breast to balance out his shaky left arm when he came without warning, emptying his spend into Tony. Tony stilled his thrusts beneath him, panting, head still tipped back and neck still bared, and Steve teased out the rest of his aftershocks, watching the rise and fall of Tony's erect nipples as he breathed.
Barnes sniffed and nodded. "Yeah, well, Steve thought the world of his ma. She did whatever she could for him. Maybe wasn't much, but she still did what she could. You got a lot more money in the bank than she ever did, so at least his kid won't starve or freeze the way he did. Went to bed hungry a lot of nights. He ever tell you that? Too much fucking pride to admit it, but it was obvious. His kid's not gonna struggle for any of the shit he did, understand?"
Tony made a face at him. "Yeah, like you refused to get involved in the Avengers Initiative. How's that working out for you?"
"I thought you wanted to be surprised?" he murmured, crumpling the small piece of paper in his hand and swallowing down something that felt a lot like remorse.
a sore loser," Barnes said and shoved a forkful of eggs in his mouth. Barton, seeming to figure the pissing contest was over, turned to Steve and Tony in confusion. "Wait, your 'best pal'? Then why didn't you go with 'Clint'?"
Tony stared up at him a moment then swallowed and turned his attention back to his very angry newborn. "Well, you're wrong," he murmured and caught one of her shaking fists in his grasp, feeling, for the first time, that maybe
There was his one-room dive in Brooklyn that was technically his home; it was, at the least, where all his worldly possessions remained waiting patiently for his return from the front, but he hesitated to call that a 'home.' 'Home' was more than just a physical place, it was a spiritual place, it was a place filled with warmth and merriment and happiness and people that he loved. Did he even have anything like that now? He wasn't sure that he did. Maybe he would someday (and hopefully with Peggy), but for right now... He had the Commandos to look after, but they all had lives of their own and homes to go back to when this was all over. Steve didn't. When this war was over, he had no place to go. Actually, maybe it wouldn't be such a bad thing if he committed to the Army for the rest of his days. If Peggy wouldn’t have him (and God, did he hope Peggy would have him), at least the Army would.
It wasn't that he hated that other life, and it wasn't that he was running away from it. He didn't run away from fights. If he started running, he'd never stop. It was just that this life was so much…
"Sass-bot," he muttered then took a deep breath and said, "Give me a rundown on the stages of labor and childbirth. Don't sugarcoat it. I want to know exactly what I'm getting myself into."
Bruce was someone he could talk science to, but Steve was just someone he could talk to. He didn't always agree with Steve, but he was fascinated by his perspective — even, sometimes, if just from the point of view of trying to prove him wrong. Somewhere along the way, their dinner dates and lunch dates and coffee dates and bullshit sessions down in the lab had turned into something deeper, and he would always remember the first time they'd gone into battle — when that whole damned thing with Killian and the Mandarin had happened — that Tony's heart had jumped into his throat at one of Steve's more stupid stunts.
,” Steve growled again then slid his hands around to Stark’s front and undid the button on the front of his ridiculously tight jeans. Stark’s interest in their current endeavor was patently obvious, Steve realized as he pressed the heel of his palm against the bulge in Stark’s pants. Stark hissed out a breath and squeezed his eyes shut, and Steve grinned and said, “Don’t even pretend you don’t like this, you little slut. You like being manhandled. Like being held down. Like being forced to take it.”
He swallowed the bite. "Yeah. Hard to contain the threats that keep cropping up when there's only six or seven of us. I really would like to convince Jim to join us full time."
He nodded his head in Olivia's direction, but Tony waved him off and said, "No big deal. Nothing else much to talk about. Pep and I will be fine. It wasn't meant to be anyway."
Steve swallowed, and he opened his eyes to look at Tony but couldn't find it in him to say anything to confirm or deny, and Tony nodded once like it explained everything for him.
"Thanks," he murmured, and he looked around at the four surrounding him, eagerly hanging on his every word, then thought about their conversation and said, "Why do I feel like I should be breaking into the first verse of 'Summer Nights'?"
"No, I just like it," he replied then quietly sang along to the 'and this bird you cannot change' line which…seemed a lot more fucking fitting than either one of them probably wanted to admit.
"I still don't see it," Steve said with a gentle shake of his head, and Tony hummed and said, "Of course you wouldn't. You've got a red-streak in you yourself."
"Not when he's not here." She furrowed her brow and considered him. "Why are you calling him 'Cap'?"
Steve's face went a little pinched at that, and Tony knew it was over the terminology for his breasts.
"We know whose handwriting this is?" she asked, holding up the photo to show Tony the pencil markings on the back.
"Uh, traditionally, I think we get that," Tony said then shot a pointed look at the rest of the group. "I'm sure you wouldn't want to see us
the only reason that stuff exists. It's to make, well, in your case, little super soldiers." He patted his belly, surprised that the little monster inside of him hadn't woken up from what he and Steve had just done. "Exhibit A."
"Wow," Natasha said, blinking placid green eyes that showed just a hint of intrigue. "You really are old-fashioned, aren't you? Even believe in that whole 'giving the bride away' thing."
Tony shrugged and dropped his arm to rest it over Steve's, who still had a gentle hold of his belly. "I don't know. I guess I can't judge, seeing as you're the only guy I've ever been with like this. It's…just what I think when you do that. That's all."
Tony scoffed and rolled his eyes. "Whatever. No, I don't think Steve and Hammertime are idiots. I just said that even idiots could assemble that, so I think they're more than capable of doing it."
"No," Tony said, cutting him off before he could finish his thought. "We definitely have to. I have got— I've never felt like this before, and I'm almost— Jesus Christ, I thought I was going to die out here. Almost had to take matters into my own hands, if you know what I mean."
Steve snorted a laugh as he took the box from Tony. "Actually, I was thinking of wearing them the next time I go swimming."
He grinned, unable to help himself. "Well, if you can't trust Captain America to rescue your kid across the time-space continuum, I don't know who you can."
And then, because he was a dick, he put a hand to his belly — making sure to note that Steve caught the action — and rubbed it a little.
Steve came down the steps that early afternoon of the appointment looking like he'd just come back from a frat boy beer kegger, backwards ball cap, baggy jeans, college hoodie (MIT, of course), those stupid horn-rimmed glasses, and goofy smile as he laughed and said, "What?" to Tony's jaw-dropped horror and mortification.
"No, I mean it," he said, his annoyance with the kitchen door seemingly having passed. "You look wonderful. Seriously. I know this hasn't been... I know it's been..."
He reached out and took hold of Steve's right hand and moved his arm so it was around Tony's waist with his hand on Tony's lower back. He then took hold of Steve's left hand with his right and switched so that Steve was holding onto Tony's hand, elbows bent and hands just below shoulder-height. He put his left hand on Steve's right shoulder. There was still some breathing space between them, and Steve wished to pull Tony closer so their bodies were flush with each other, and he wanted to curl his arm tighter around Tony's waist and pull his hand against his chest and hold onto him like he would never let him go again because he was right: Having Tony in his arms was a bad, bad idea.
Tony shrugged again as Steve reached in and grabbed his own slice, and Tony folded the pizza and took a bite and said, "Dunno," around a mouthful of bread and cheese and sauce. He chewed the bite and thought back for only a moment — yet another memory of an earlier time plaguing him, a wasteful little brat that would only eat the cheese off her slice of pizza.
Tony reached up and patted his chest. "One thing at a time, babe. Kind of still recovering from the whole forced-to-give-birth thing. Still trying to wrap my head around that, not to mention the fact that I'm kind of our child's only source of nourishment at the moment. Once everything dies down and I'm able to form a rational, coherent thought, then maybe I'll… Maybe I'll think about it."
"You two are disgusting," Barton said from somewhere in the distance. "I want you to know that. I'm appalled by the fact that you subject us to this on such a regular basis."
isn't where she's supposed to be? This isn't— OK, I know I can be kind of spontaneous, and I know I can get crazy things in my head, but this isn't
"No— Wait! Stop!" he cried and gripped the back of the couch as another one of those pains overtook him.
"Look, I'm gonna tell you one more time: people that are proud to be from Brooklyn aren't allowed to throw stones."
But he was thankful to have them there regardless, even if they only sat on the couch and watched the feeds of the battles and the blackouts from whichever affiliate had the best shot at the moment while he paced and tried to breathe and tell himself this would all be over before he knew it. He wasn't sure if he meant the labor or the Avengers' current mission. He didn't even know what state Steve and the others were even in at the moment, and part of him didn't care. He just wanted Steve to get the fuck back to the Tower as soon as possible because Jesus Christ, he was the one that had done this to him; he should be the one to see it through to the end. Or get it out of him. Or
"I'm Tony Stark," he reiterated, almost annoyed that this proclamation hadn't gotten him the uproar the last one had.
But Steve wasn't convinced, and while a crash sounded from the other end of the room as DUM- E searched for his missing bouncy ball, he said, "Yeah, well, if they're anything like the glad-handing I had to do back during the war…"
Tony sighed out a breath. "Yeah," he conceded, "I know. You're right. I do— I'm not gonna lie. I do want that. There's nothing shameful about it."
Tony moved his hand up to smooth back Steve's short, sort-of spiked hair. "So not ready," he said and kissed his temple.
Tony shushed her and rubbed her back as she snuffled into his shoulder. "It's OK. Hey, it's OK. He's not here. There's no bad man here. It's just me and Uncle Rhodey. Even Uncle Bruce's turned in for the night."
obstetrician that might be able to catch something quicker than I would because they deal with it more."
A picture you take with your phone. As if he could have ever imagined something like that was even possible!
after ten minutes of barely any work whatsoever, and he spent the remaining time in the living room with Rhodey, the TV tuned to one of the 24-hour cable news stations that was alternating between talking about the upcoming midterms and Captain America's very pregnant date at the previous night's Foundation gala. Tony could hear it as he sat in the bedroom and let Pepper and Natasha play with him like a dress-up doll, even if he would rather be in the living room discussing it with Steve and Rhodey, who were trying to rationalize their way through how this press conference was even going to go.
"They're really not," Steve said and went back to the magazine. "You shoulda seen what we had back in my—"
"You and me both, babe," Tony replied and turned to press a gentle kiss against his cheek, the scratch of facial hair oddly titillating. "Twelve months of different-flavored jellies, courtesy of our 'best pal'? I think we're the luckiest sons-of-bitches in the world."
The woman watched as he struggled to raise his hand to take aim, faltering at the last second, before she said, "Mmm...how so? We may not have the Captain, but we have his, uh,
"Yeah, man," Sam said and smacked his arm. "You know how loaded he is now? You could be living the high life in Manhattan, not slumming it in the last non-gentrified part of Brooklyn!"
"Uh, I just watched a report this morning talking about how Captain America's been seen around town with a gorgeous mystery brunette on his arm, so, yeah, I
He made to sit up, but he just couldn't seem to get the right leverage, and he struggled and whined and fought it until he decided 'fuck it,' and sat there for what he figured was exactly thirty long, dull seconds.
There was dead silence in the room for exactly one minute as Rhodey stood there and glanced from Steve to Tony to Steve to Tony and back again, mouth open in disbelief as he blinked and looked between them. He finally shook his head before he put his hands up in defeat.
Tony jerked back in slight surprise as the guy shoulder-checked him. Hard. He stumbled a bit but caught himself against the same damned wall that had almost been his undoing, and he rubbed his shoulder where it throbbed from being hit and said, "Well, that was uncalled for."
"I'm not from the stone age," he said with a smirk and set the shaker back down. "They had a lot of stuff in my day, believe it or not. We even had television."
Tony sighed out a breath and rested his head back against the couch to look up at Steve. "Thank you," he said, "for the sentiment, at least— Even if you can't do anything about it."
Tony groaned and sat up, whipping his t-shirt off to leave his bare chest exposed. He stood up and shucked his pants and briefs and put his arms out straight.
He switched on the recessed lighting, the lights in the ceiling shining down on bare white walls and industrial-grade carpeting. They could use it for a nursery, he supposed. Paint it blue, stick some furniture in there, maybe add a couple stuffed animals, a couple of cutesy pictures on the walls. He really never thought it would ever be used for such a purpose.
Tony shrugged. "Easy-peasy, lemon-squeezy," he said, and Steve bent down and captured Tony's lips with his own. Tony closed his eyes and hummed a little into it, parting his mouth and letting Steve slip a little bit of tongue in before their mouths parted, and Steve moved up to press a kiss against Tony's nose.
Tony shrugged. "Don't have a choice, do I?" he said, and he knew Steve thought he was only upset at being consigned to this body for the rest of his life, not that he'd finally come to accept or realize…
"Mmm…but not in the same way. He has been fighting from the moment he came into this world. He endured nothing but struggle for many years. In some respects, it is all he knows, all he remembers. But you—
Wilson heaved up a box and shrugged. "No one wants to be bothered to cook the damned thing," he said, adjusting the box in his arms. "Why do you think I just spent two hundred dollars on this stuff?"
have the memory of a hot, searing kiss given to him by none other than Captain America himself. Maybe it wasn't meant for
He adjusted his hold on the baby in his arms and brushed his lips against her head one more time then said, "Yeah, maybe I just didn't...sleep well last night. I don't know. Maybe I'll take a nap."
Fuck, it would have been easier if she'd just been from the future instead of an alternate universe.
Pepper grumbled something before she turned her attention back to Tony. "We'll get there. I promise. Oh, my god, you're shaking. OK, Tony? Listen to me. Deep breaths, OK? I need you to take some deep breaths for me. That's it. That's good."
She smiled, soft and almost like she cared. "Don't mention it. Your eyes are your best feature. Always have been."
He would never be there again to hold him or comfort him or smile at him. He would never again get to tease Steve about not hearing him say 'I love you' enough.
A feeling began to build inside of him, starting small and growing almost exponentially, a yearning warmth pooling in his belly and growing to overtake his whole person. He groaned a little and arched his back, panting harder, desperate, Steve's strokes matching the frantic pace of his heart, and as disgustingly wanton as he was sure anyone had ever been, he came with an obscene whimper, arching his back and bearing his neck, squeezing his eyes shut and calling out Steve's name like a prayer, hands clutching the sheets so hard he was sure his knuckles had gone white.
Natasha helped him dress and made sure the French twist the hairdresser had done for him was still firmly in place, those expert tendrils framing his face, and when she was done, she turned him toward the full-length mirror in her suite and said, "Well?"
"What 'too much'? Are you kidding?" Tony asked as he came back to stand beside him. "It's Christmas, babe. It's tradition."
"You modeled in Tokyo!" He grinned at Natasha, but the motion came off as sleazy. "Yeah, I saw those pics."
He looked back up at Bruce, who just set a knowing gaze upon him and said, "You're going to bleed. A lot."
"Because there's this…part of me…that's afraid — that thinks — that if I… That I'll lose it again. That something'll happen, and I'll lose it again, and I can't… I can't do that." He swallowed again and shook his head. "I can't do it again. I can't lose…"
Tony opened his eyes at that, and Steve paused his caresses, his hand hovering over Tony's abdomen. Tony met his gaze, and it was like a light had gone off over his head and realization had dawned on him.
He turned back and saw Steve sitting on a chair by a different door than the one they'd come in and paging through a magazine. Being nudged out of the way by someone else coming into the office, Tony took the clipboard with the pen attached at the top and went over and sat down with a slight huff next to Steve. Steve didn't even bother asking what was wrong. He just kept paging through his magazine. Tony huffed out another breath, and when that still didn't arouse Steve's curiosity, he cleared his throat. When that
"But you and Tony were very public about your relationship," Bruce said, concern tingeing his voice. "Now all of a sudden Tony's disappeared from sight and you're out and about with some mystery woman—"
of a human being. God, like— When the public finds out that I'm back to this and if they were somehow to find out that you or the others sincerely or unironically are calling me 'mommy'—" he snorted a laugh, "—my god, I can't— I mean I
"As I understand it," he began, "they are concentrations of power as old as existence itself. They are powerful in and of themselves as we've seen — if I am correct in my assumption about the scepter possessing one of the stones — but a being that was able to unite the six individual stones would possess complete omnipotence and omniscience — would have the power to wipe out all of existence with the snap of his or her fingers—"
"You're deliberately misreading my intention," Steve said in that same matter-of-fact tone. "I was not calling you
Tony rolled his eyes. "That was sexual innuendo, Steve," he muttered and popped the fry in his mouth. He chewed it and said, "I was trying to insinuate you like to suck brain."
Steve just shook his head and muttered something under his breath, and Tony glared and said, "I'm sorry,
Though reluctant to let the newborn go, Tony still allowed Bruce to weigh and measure and otherwise examine her. According to his calculations, she was a healthy newborn girl measuring twenty-two inches and weighing exactly nine pounds, twelve ounces. Everything about her was absolutely textbook perfect, and when Bruce handed her back to Tony to hold again, the baby now wrapped in a fluffy white towel, he said, "I don't know if that's the serum, the genes, or the spell. Maybe it's some combination of all three."
," he said in that same sneering tone. "Or is it 'Miss United States'? Your defenders haven't been very consistent in their defense."
Barnes made a face, rolling his eyes and shaking his head at what he presumably thought was Tony's thick-headedness. "He's not— Hill asked Clint if they had Steve, and Clint said, yeah, they did."
Bruce came out of the bathroom, wiping his hands on a towel as he did so, and Barnes disappeared out the door and went over to the elevator. "You didn't really think we'd let you bring a baby into this world with nothing to even dress her in, did you?"
It was soggy, and he tried not to think about why that was, and through his displeasure, he heard Tony say, "Smile, Steve. She's watching you. Don't hurt her feelings."
Steve motioned around them. "It's night-time. We're in bed. You have all the time in the world. You just don't
He folded his arms and went to rest them beneath his breasts, but remembering the massive amounts of tape that covered him from shoulder-to-belly, he instead dropped his arms and put his hands to his lower back.
"Good," Tony said, and before he knew what was happening, Tony's hand slid from the small of his back to the curve of his backside and gave it a squeeze and a gentle but firm pat. He marched off as though nothing had happened, but Steve stayed rooted in his spot, floored, wondering if he'd imagined it, and, if not, wondering what it meant. He stayed there, mouth agape and head tilted just the slightest, until Tony turned back to him and, with his lips twisted in a smile and something salacious twinkling in his eyes, asked, "Coming?"
Well, Steve had knocked him up, and Steve had some of that super serum floating around his super veins — presumably — so there was a slim possibility that the serum was now floating around
"Why not? Why not, Tony? Explain to me why it's more plausible that that was a daughter from an alternate universe instead of your own future daughter that you're currently pregnant with because of
"Are they real?" Tony asked, still not sure how to take Steve's reaction. "I mean are they the Real McCoy?"
He grinned and leaned a little closer. "You think Cap takes it that way? Gets on all fours, spreads himself wide, begs for a pounding. You know those overly-macho types are always overcompensating for something."
He looked around for his phone to text Steve and see what the fuck he was doing and if he was up for making a food run, and he pursed his lips and frowned and looked around and said, "Say, J? You know where my phone is by any chance?"
"Aw, man!" Barton whined and made a face. "You're not trying that again, are you? I told you last week, it doesn't
(To be honest, he wondered what such a dame saw in a reprobate like Tony Stark. Evidently she suffered fools gladly in a way that someone like Peggy…God,
Tony rolled his eyes. "I'm fine, Steve. I'll be fine." He patted his belly. "We'll both be fine. Tower's completely off the grid. Nothing to worry about here."
He squawked out a laugh. "Gift? Are you kidding me? This is a nightmare. Look, lady, I don't know what your issue is, but this sort of thing isn't supposed to happen, and the fact that it's happening to me is absolutely horrifying. I didn't ask for this. I don't want this. I'd rip this out of me right now if I wasn't half-convinced you're serious about me dying if I do so."
"Well, don't you look nice all gussied up?" Barton said as Natasha strolled through the penthouse living room one evening a few weeks later.
"Whatever," he said and grabbed his bag before led the way over to the elevator. "Come on. Let's get this dumb fucking thing over with. But don't stand so close to me! I don't want people getting the idea that we're together."
Rhodey just glanced between Steve and Tony, still seeming to have trouble comprehending what he was hearing before he said to both of them, "And you're OK with this?"
— I mean what does that say about how they view women in general, for one thing? I can't help but look at women in awe now— Like, holy shit, the things they have to put up with! And I dare
"There was also a cute little 'It's a Girl!' one," Hill said, taking the attention off the recently departed 'Aunt Millie.' "But I thought that might hit a little too close to home for you two."
He dropped his hands from Tony's belly, and Tony tipped his head forward and rested it against the hands that braced the headboard. God, that was no fair. That was no fucking fair. He was so
But Tony shook his head. "No, let me — I have a purpose and a mission with Iron Man and with the Avengers. Maybe I feel like I'm still trying to atone for forty years of sins. I don't know, but I — It's not just us anymore. It's not just you and me, and—"
He reached up to Tony's face with his other hand, and Tony rolled his head into Steve's touch. He thought then of those horribly...possessive...thoughts that had come to mind while he'd been...doing what he'd been doing...and he swallowed again and took a breath and tried not to think of Tony as just an object for his pleasure. Not that they didn't dabble in that sort of thing, and not that Steve hadn't had those sorts of thoughts before, but there was something different about it this time. Something a little less...consensual about it in his mind, and that was definitely not a path he wanted to tread down.
Ah, so that Cap had had a period of adjustment to contend with and, from the sounds of it, had had some issues with coming out of the ice seventy years later. He wondered for a moment if their Cap did, too. He didn't
"What about dinner, huh?" Tony asked, and Steve realized he was getting a little overworked and cranky. "I didn't know we were feeding the crew. Barton went to 'flip houses.' Bruce is gone to visit a cousin. I thought the rest of them were going somewhere, too. Why isn't Thor with his girlfriend? What the hell is Wilson still doing here? I thought he was going to visit his mother?"
Tony paused to think about this for a moment. Honestly, until that night at the cabin, he really hadn't given any thought to it either way. He wasn't thinking about it in those terms. He wasn't
She scrunched her mouth to the side, and she tapped a finger against her mouth and said, "I always forget how antiquated your thinking is on this world. I had thought maybe you would be different…" She shook her head. "It doesn't matter. All right, Captain. If that is your contention, I can make it easier for him."
had misplaced the coffeemaker. He grumbled and began a search for the contraption, going through cabinets and searching though high shelves that Steve liked to tease him about not being able to reach without the aid of a chair or a stepladder.
But sleep didn't come, and he tossed from his side to his back to his side to his stomach to his back again, and the next thing he knew, three hours had passed and Steve still hadn't come to bed.
"Hmm?" he asked and slid one arm around Steve's lower back while his other hand rested over Steve's hand pressed against the baby's small back. "Well, I was awake, and the bed was empty, and I got kind of lonely and decided to come searching for my strong, handsome soul mate."
Natasha smiled at him, and she reached up and pushed a stray hair that had come out of the twist she'd done for him back into place. "It looks OK," she replied. "She's a bitch, but clearly she's a damned good designer. Why don't you go see for yourself?" She glanced at her watch and said, "I have to go round up the others."
"Good girl," he said and continued to stroke his hair. "You won't be able to when I'm fucking your mouth, obviously, and I've taken away your ability to use your hands to touch me, so tap your heel against the back of my knee. Do you think you could manage that?"
He pulled away from Steve at that thought and met Steve's slightly-hooded blue eyes, and he smiled and tilted his head a little and said, "Let's go out."
He clenched his teeth to keep from embarrassing himself any more than he already had, and he swallowed and nodded just as he felt Steve put a light hand on his forearm.
"You're deliberately misreading my intent. The universe wants us together, babe. It's always wanted us together. Maybe it's time we stop fighting it and start, you know, embracing it."
, was he? Is it possible this was less the work of aliens and more the work of doctors performing the best sex-change operation yet? You know, Tony Stark makes a very attractive woman, but he should
He motioned to Tony's abdomen at that, and Tony, for a brief and fleeting moment, wondered how dangerous it would be if word got out he was preg...
Tony flexed his fingers around the headboard, digging in desperately as he tried to control himself. But he was panting, and Steve was thrusting and stroking, and he couldn't even think straight from the nerve endings that were electrified by his touch. He sucked Steve's fingers, the digits gone ridiculously slick, and he half-expected Steve to pull his fingers away and shove them into his only unfilled opening, but he just kept them there, forcing Tony to suck at them, forcing him to keen and shiver and lurch and twitch and clench with all the feelings of wanton desire that were thrumming through him.
He sighed a little and checked over the closing prices for that day's stocks, tweaking a smile at the little green up-pointing arrow next to the SI ticker symbol. That was always nice to see. Better than when it was in free-fall after he'd announced the end of weapons manufacturing. He might not have shown it, but that was actually a pretty scary sight, and he was kind of worried there for a moment.
exactly the body I've had for my entire life. I mean, yeah, some of the moles are in the same spot— Steve can attest to that."
Natasha just raised an eyebrow when Tony showed up at her door, bagel stuck in his mouth. He pulled the bagel away and said, "I need some help."
"So, what'd you want to see me about?" Barnes asked, gruff, maybe slightly annoyed, and folded his arms tight against his chest.
He moaned out a startled groan as Steve pushed inside of him, filling him, stretching him, rocking into him in slow, measured thrusts, and he tipped his head back and bared his neck, and Steve pressed his mouth to the hollow of Tony's throat and sucked ever so lightly at it.
"Which is?" Barton asked, and Hill motioned down to Steve's tablet, which currently had a story pulled up about Captain America's mysterious 'baby mama' and the speculation surrounding her. Tony reached out and turned the tablet so he could read it, and he skimmed the article and rolled his eyes at the various suppositions that it made — including that their relationship had merely been a way of securing funding for the team, that feelings had existed on Tony's side but not on Steve's, that Tony hadn't taken it well when Steve's relationship with the 'mystery brunette' had been found out, that it created internal strife within the organization, and that Tony Stark hadn't been seen in months due to a botched suicide attempt.
He did so, only then realizing how tightly he was squeezing her hand. He didn't let go of it; he just acknowledged that he was squeezing it hard enough to crack the bones.
Steve pushed the remnants of eggs and hash browns around his plate, his appetite suddenly deflating, and not because it was satiated from the food he'd already eaten. "Probably wondering how things might have been different if he hadn't been so stupid."
"'An attractive mystery brunette,' Pep. Get the quote right. And besides, it's their own fault for not putting two-and-two together. I still look like me, Pepper. Yeah, more feminine, but if they even stopped to think for a second—"
Pepper made a motion to reach out to his abdomen then stopped herself and looked up to meet his gaze. "Can I…?"
Steve tightened his arms a little bit. "Not my decision to make. It's yours. We'll do it however you want."
He sat there, staring at the soft light of the tree a moment, before he got up and went over to that radio-thing. He looked it over and tried to figure it out, and he pressed the button for what he figured was the tuner and was justly rewarded with music. It was more of that damned Christmas music, but still. Someone sounding an awful lot like Frank Sinatra was singing what sounded like it was supposed to be the end of 'Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas.' Whereas 'White Christmas' had the wrong arrangement, this song seemed to have the wrong lyrics, though. Not that he was as familiar with the former song. It was newer and wasn't as popular as 'White Christmas' or 'I'll Be Home for Christmas,' but it was a pleasant-enough song regardless.
He'd been caught unawares while he stopped to take stock of the situation, ending up with a shot to the arm and a shot to the belly. Tony heard the grunt of pain over the comm line, but when he pressed for information, Steve told him to forget about it and concentrate on his own objective of securing the warehouse, and against his better judgment, Tony forgot about looking for Steve to make sure he was OK and went about the not-exactly-arduous task of taking care of any Hydra rats that were trying to jump ship. He ended up in a slight firefight with one of them that wasn't as keen on giving up the battle as some of the others were, but he was able to duck out of the way of anything that could potentially damage the armor — and therefore him — and instead was able to finally disarm the guy with a well-aimed repulsor blast.
"Just you 'n me 'n Daddy 'n Maddie. We all live in th' big apartment. And then it d'pends. Anna Tasha and Unca Bucky stay sometimes, and Wanda 'n Vision are here sometimes, 'n Unca Bruce is here a lot, 'n Unca Hawky stays here sometimes, 'n Unca Sam is here a lot, 'n Unca Rhodey stays sometimes, 'n Unca Thor stays a lot." She shrugged. "Lotsa 'vengers stay here."
He huffed and sighed and bookmarked the atrocity of the white set painted with hideously gaudy flowers. "How 'bout we put that in the 'maybe' pile, OK?"
He took a glance around at Barton and Bruce, who were both being jerks about the whole thing, and then Steve, who was being suspiciously quiet about it all, and jumped up from the couch.
appeared out of nowhere. The screen's blank one minute and then the next, portal and there she is. She doesn't think she's in the wrong place. She knows all of us. She walks around this place like she owns it. Judging by the size of her ego, she probably thinks she does."
"Oh, well, pat yourself on the back," Tony muttered, but Steve heard something in that that Tony didn't, and he stared at Welch and said, "You have heard things then."
Steve shot him a flat but amused sort of look and pulled a pair of baggy sweatpants out of the drawer. "Let me just find out what's going on. It could be nothing."
Jane's mouth dropped like she couldn't believe Darcy had the gall to ask, and Steve coughed and clamped his mouth shut and smiled tightly like they'd moved into an uncomfortable subject for him. Thor, though, was the one to say, "I do not believe that is anyone's business aside from the Man of Iron and his Captain."
Tony decided to get himself something to eat once he was done feeding the baby, and he went back into the kitchen and set her in her highchair then set about scrounging through the cabinets for something to chow down on. He wasn't sure what he was really in the mood for, and, sadly, Steve was probably not going to come back from wherever he still was with a bag of bagels or a box of doughnuts. He grumbled and found himself wishing, if only for a moment, that the others had made themselves at home there this morning so he could mooch off of their breakfasts. He blamed Hydra for altering his daily routine so, and it was but another strike against them and just one more thing to add to the growing list of grievances he had with them.
Thor didn't reply to either of them, just turned so that Steve could face Tony, and Bruce and Rhodey kept their grips on Tony's arms as though letting him loose might allow him to steal Steve away from Thor and hightail it the hell out of there with the help of an Iron Man armor—
"Would you have been comfortable going to a beach looking like that? There's already pictures of us online—"
Steve smiled some, and he reached out and grabbed a plate of eggs and said, "I remember, back when I was a kid and we didn't have much money, you'd scrape together the change to go see a matinee or something, and even during the Depression, the movies would be all about these wealthy people with these amazing apartments on Park Avenue and— I mean, you know it was just a Hollywood soundstage, but they were just so… I used to fantasize. Not that I ever actually thought it would happen to me, but I used to think about how swell it would be to lounge around in a place like that and not really worry about money. Get myself mixed up with some dizzy dame that was nuts about me—"
He was proud of himself for getting the word 'portal' out without breaking out into a cold sweat. He'd...had some incidents as of late.
than Iron Man. That I reached higher than I had any right to and you settled far below what you had any right to.
"Why?" he snapped and glanced over at Rhodey but then turned to see where Rhodey was looking and saw what was presumably one of the paid photographers for the event meandering through the tables and snapping photos where he saw fit.
"OK, so, what, you're saying maybe he's got a thing for Cap and he's pissed that you got there first?"
Tony grinned but kept his eyes on the road. "Come on, Steve. I'm the genius, but you're not an idiot. You can do a simple equation. What's 2015 minus 1918?"
It was the first time he'd said her name, and judging by the surprised looks from Bruce and Rhodey, this knowledge didn't go over their heads, either. He ignored them and kept attention on the kid, who huffed and started naming names as she poked at the remnants of her slices of pizza.
Tony stopped cold, and he watched as the line of Avengers sitting at the island all groaned and murmured various whines of 'Why would you say that?' But Tony turned to Thor and said, "I'm sorry. What was that?"
"Do I have a choice?" he murmured and reached down to brush his hand over top of the baby's head. Fuck Barnes, she was beautiful. She could definitely do with a bath, sure, but she was beautiful — scrunched-up face and fisted hands and wrinkled skin and all — and right now, the only thing Tony wanted to do was see her and hold her. She wasn't… But she was still his.
you, Steven? I waffle on this. Sometimes I'm OK with it, sometimes I like to pretend this is all a dream."
Tony was quiet a moment, and he glanced away from Steve as he admitted, "I…probably would make fun of you for the rest of your life." He glanced back to him again and added, "Look,
"—I am not waking up tomorrow morning stuck to your sheets because your come ran out of my ass. So, uh, can we, maybe, get cleaned up?"
Steve stood next to the dresser, a pair of black socks and a white dress shirt now covering his body in addition to the underwear, and Tony went over beside him, smiling a little smugly at the fact that there wasn't
Tony folded his arms and tried not to think about what the discomfort in his pectorals implied. "Yeah, two things. First, not all couples do. Seriously, there are a ton of couples that should not even think about becoming parents. Second, clearly, you've fucked around here before, so you should realize that
"Yeah, it's a complete mystery to me," he said before he swiped to answer the call and said, "Yeah?" as he put the phone to his ear.
Tony snorted a laugh. "I can't believe that old bloodsucker has ever shown affection for anything a day in his life." He turned to Steve. "Hey, maybe he was part of that vampire coven you had to vanquish during the war? Maybe you, you know, killed his bondmate or something?"
Sam sighed out a resigned breath. "Yeah, all right. Fine. He can have it. But I still don't know why they chose practical strangers instead of us."
Well, maybe it wouldn't be the end of the world to explain just a little bit? After all, it was an alternate universe, so who cared?
Rhodey snorted a laugh into his drink, and Wilson frowned and said, "I don't know, man. Not sure that one's really fitting at the moment."
They went silent again, and the song changed from slow to upbeat. Steve couldn't recognize any of these songs to save his life. He glanced at the toddler in the backseat, and he returned her smile in kind when she grinned at him and waved her toy at him. She babbled something at him, and he was able to catch the word 'Daddy,' but beyond that, he was lost. He shifted his gaze to Tony, and though knowing he risked falling right into Hydra's trap, he sensed that the words Tony had spoken cut more to the core than he wanted to admit, and Steve knew that if any of this was real, if he had indeed married a
," Barnes said with a groan and rolled his eyes. He rubbed a frustrated hand over his face then stared square at Tony. "I know what you told Nat about you and Steve being 'soul mates,' and that's— Look, that's— I'm happy for you. For both of you. I don't know if it means anything, but I— I'm glad Steve found someone that thinks that well of him. But—"
"I feel like shit, Steve's due home any time now, I need to prove I'm fine otherwise he's going to be on my ass to go to a doctor — and like I already told Brucie, not the good kind of being on my ass — so I'm making Brucie go through and give me a checkup. He thought he felt something funny in my abdomen. It's probably a tumor. I need to find out what it is before Steve gets home so I can make sure he never finds out about it."
He honestly felt like he himself was some goddess of fertility, like he was Venus or Aphrodite riding on the clamshell (which…was not some sort of god-awful euphemism). There was a horrified little part of him that pleaded with him to stop his musings and not take this any further because taking it in these terms meant accepting it, and he wasn't sure that he could ever accept what that nutcase had done to him, but there was such a thing as making the best of a horrible situation, and—
Tony…was left pretty much speechless, which was kind of a first, and Steve probably deserved a medal for that.
Steve just stood a little straighter, broadening his shoulders and setting his jaw. "Why?" he asked, and Esmeralda winced from his cold, flat tone.
He jumped up from his chair. "Nope, I've made my decision! I'm going to become so feminine you won't know what hit you!"
He squinted a little at them, and as sleep left him, they both came into focus, and he saw that one was Steve while the other one was—
"Oh, don't be so down on yourself," Bruce said. "Maybe all you need is a personality transplant and the right man or woman is out there waiting for you."
He shrugged some and rested a forearm on the table. "Light whispers, mostly, but they're getting louder. I hear Ms. Potts has scheduled a press conference for tomorrow. You wouldn't be involved in that in any way, would you? Possibly your attempt to lay all the ridiculous rumors to rest?"
But Steve was able to gain control of himself again, and he nodded his head a little and said a quiet, "Understood," before he let himself out of the workshop, the door swinging shut slowly and quietly behind him.
"Uh, did she just say…?" Bruce murmured, but Tony didn't have a chance to respond or question the little monster as Pepper —
. He still stole more glances at men than women — glances he immediately erased from memory — and he still dreamt more about lithe, lean, muscular bodies than soft, supple, curvy ones. If going purely by looks alone, he was more inclined to give Howard Stark a generous look-over than Peggy, though while he liked and trusted Stark, he operated on such a completely different wavelength than the rest of the world that Steve didn't think he'd ever have a chance of getting through to him about anything more personal than the paint scheme for his shield.
"Hey," Steve said, his voice still taking on a gentle tone, "no it's not. You really want to get married?"
Barnes stared at him a moment, and he pointed at Tony while he said to Steve, "I don't know if I like him for you anymore, Stevie."
Tony heard a chorus of responses, which…would have been a cause for concern on anything other than a Starkphone, but as it was, their communications were encrypted enough to cause a big enough headache for anyone trying to tap into them that they'd soon give up. Tony listened to the chatter on the comms a moment before he said, "Steve, where are you?"
He jerked a dismissive thumb at them, and Tony watched in slight amusement as Bruce ducked his head to avoid answering while Thor frowned in confusion and Wilson shook his head and muttered something about not getting involved. Natasha stayed silent and Barnes just grabbed another slice of toast and bit halfway into it.
"Yeah, turns out the 'official' record of what Captain America and the Howling Commandos got up to during the war is only the half of it. I swear to god he mentioned something about vampires once or twice."
Tony cringed as Pepper's irate voice came over the line. He slumped back into the bed sheets and pressed the heel of one palm into his eye socket while the other held his phone away from his ear lest Pepper's voice shatter his eardrum.
He opened his eyes and stared at the radio, dropping his hand away from his neck. He listened a few moments then started laughing, full-throated, belly-clutching laughter. He fell back against the coffee table laughing, and he wiped away the old tears of fear that had fallen and got up. A children's song. He'd almost had a heart attack over a children's song!
The little pastel blue swatch of paper on the fridge. The one Bruce had said was his to write a 'grocery list' on.
"What? No, 'Tony, you're crazy,' or 'Tony, that's insane,' or 'Tony, stop being so superstitious,' or 'Tony, they're children's toys, for god's sake! Just because they come apart doesn't mean that we will!'?"
There was a cascading thump from the corner, and Steve jumped back, accidentally nipping Tony's lip as he did so. He went to apologize, but Tony, hand to his lip, just shook his head and said, "It's fine. Don't worry about it." He pulled his hand away and inspected it. "No blood. We're good."
understood except he'd been given the exact opposite gift. He'd been shown a glimpse of what his future could be like, and instead of depression and misery it was…kind of nice. Really kind of nice. Everything he'd ever dreamt of but never really let himself imagine could actually happen. It was warm. Safe. Secure.
"Figure out where we can put them," Steve said to Hill. "Tell them to triage it. Send the most critical ones over first. Tell them we don't have the equipment, so they're going to have to provide their own and do their own transportation."
"It's been systematic along the east coast," Hill said and pulled up a hologram to illustrate. She pointed to several targets and rattled off the exact times that they went offline, and Steve said, "Like dominoes."
As Olivia continued to cry and shake her fists in the air, Tony succumbed to his own tears, cradling the baby closer and sobbing out all the pain and misery he'd been trying to suppress for the past couple days — ugly crying, the kind that came with snot mixed in with the tears and puffy red, eyes to match a puffy, red, splotchy face. He sobbed and held his daughter closer, and when he realized some of his tears (hopefully just his tears) were dropping onto her, he tried to wipe his face off on his sleeves and snuffled back what he could. He sobbed out all his heartache for a few minutes longer before he was finally able to gain some control over himself, and through swollen eyelids, he blinked away some of the stray tears clinging to his eyelashes and looked down at the frustrated newborn in his arms. His voice cracking some, he cooed and tried to hum what he thought might be a soothing tune — though whether he was trying to soothe her or himself he wasn't sure — and after a moment, he snuffled once again and gazed down at his angry little brown-eyed cutie and said, "Well, that does it. I am never, ever, ever letting you go for anyone or anything. Hydra took your daddy away from us, but over my dead body will they ever take you, too, and just for him, I will lay every single one of those fucking bastards to waste. They'll never know what hit them. And I promise you, baby girl, that you will grow up in a world where you will never, ever have to worry about those sons-of-bitches ever again."
It wasn't because he disliked Tony or didn't trust Tony. He liked Tony — and probably more than he wanted to admit to himself — and he trusted him. He wouldn't have come to depend on him out in the field if he didn't. No, this wasn't a reflection on Tony; it was all on him.
And if Thor was right about what it really was, they should have just left it at the bottom of the goddamned ocean. He'd said that from the moment Nick had come to him with his first mission out of the ice.
Tony just grinned at him. He couldn't help it. "I love when you go all Brooklyn gutter-rat." Steve rolled his eyes, but Tony continued, resting his chin in his palm, "All that righteous indignation over your borough getting the shaft. I don't think people realize just how much of a Brooklyn boy Captain America really is."
