Dean accepted the help but secretly cursed himself, he'd failed again. It was supposed to have been done before Sam got back so he wouldn't have to see the reminder of what Dean had done.
Castiel frowned, remembering the care Dean had shown him when he was under the attack dog spell, the way he beamed when someone ate his food and enjoyed it, the way he treated children with respect rather than looking past them as many adults did, the gentle touches and jokes he would make to lighten even the darkest of moods.
"Dammit, Cas! Just
"Don't you dare fall asleep, you hear me?!" Cas yelled into the phone, panicked now, his voice remarkably stable for someone sprinting full speed, Dean loved his voice, he loved how it could be soft and badass at the same time, he loved the way it formed itself around words and made them become emotion by association. "I'm almost there."
thoroughly), but Sam had been right on the phone, it was naive to assume that Michael had left his sword without good reason and as Dean excused himself to shower, Castiel's smile fell. There was a cold spot in the room without Dean now, and his worries hit him like a truck, though Dean had pointed towards Castiel before he left, indicating that they would talk later.
He found Jack at the kitchen table, spooning cereal into his mouth and reading the back of the box. Sam had the tub of leftover fruit salad and was sat across from him, scrolling through his phone with one hand.
"Sam?"
“Don’t do this, Cas.” He’d said, not realising that it had just been done.
Naomi closed her eyes for a moment and sighed in the way annoyed parents do when a toddler is trying their patience; she actually looked tired, which was unusual for an angel. "I don't know what you're talking about. I can assure you, Heaven has quite given up Castiel as a lost cause."
“And?”
While he'd heard Cas pass in and out of the main door several times, Dean had managed to avoid detection by ducking into cupboards and spare rooms. Never before had he been so grateful at the size of the bunker. With so many places to hide it had taken him months after they'd moved in to double- and triple-check each one of the rooms to make sure nothing lurked in the shadows that shouldn't be there, but it worked to his advantage now. He told himself that it wasn't deliberate, but the knot of anxiety in his gut had loosened considerably once the war room was done and Dean could more slip between the corridors whenever he heard Cas' steady pace beating the hallways.
“What’s wrong with Platt?” Sam asked, as though her indignation was unwarranted. “I wasn’t even thinking of a musician, it’s just a name.”
He got pretty lost in the film after that, they all did. The snacks were eaten as quietly as possible lest noisy chewers get a sharp look from Cas. Dean normally would've ragged on him for acting like a librarian but watching Cas watch the movie was even more interesting than the movie itself, though not all of it was good; at several points, Cas looked almost on the verge of tears and when Stitch pulled the book out the window with him, he let out a gasp that seemed to resonate from somewhere deeper than his lungs. Dean almost asked him if he was alright but something stopped him. He didn't want to interrupt what seemed to be the kind of experience he himself had talked about earlier. Not quite the escape Cas had mentioned, but the thing Dean had meant but couldn't express. When a movie caught you, sucked you in, it wasn't escapism, not exactly; it was finding something there that felt familiar and
"It's the same way that you always feel like you have something to prove to him," he said carefully, "the things that you haven't forgiven yourself for, the times you're trying to compensate when Dean is overly-protective or particularly vulnerable. You're brothers, and your relationship is built on a lifetime of looking out for each other," he sighed, "I- I'm not completely sure on how to phrase this without being insulting but you are both incredibly stubborn and neither of you like to admit when you need help, especially from each other. And for you, personal insecurity doesn't even place on your list of problems. I know that you have seen each other at your worst, but there is still a level of performance to the way you act around each other when things are calm I've noticed. I think it's born of a need to reassure the other that you're fine.
“So what does it mean, the bunker being out of bounds and all?”
thought," Cas amended, "that we should decide together."
I have to drive all the way back again in four days but you’re not gonna tell me what you’re getting?”
He opened his mouth, then closed it again, defeat and grief crashing over him once more and he dropped his head in shame. He didn’t know what he was trying to ask for or how on earth Dean would be able to give it. Perhaps he wasn’t that human after all.
It had hurt, though ‘hurt’ was the wrong word of course, she didn’t feel pain. But she had
He rolled off the spring and into a dip that almost landed him on the floor. Grumbling, he struggled to sit to unlaced his boots and pull them off before switching over to the other bed, testing it out with a couple of bounces. It wasn’t quite as bad as the other one so it would do. He was too tired to bother with brushing his teeth or undressing. It had been a long drive from the bunker, just him and Baby and his tapes. He’d enjoyed most of it; he could sing as loud as he wanted, stop for chilli fries just ’cause, inch the speedometer over 90 on an empty highway without Sam throwing a bitch fit.
Jack frowned, "why would it be difficult?"
"Stop." Castiel said, unable to keep silent. The revelation that Dean craved the future he'd thrown away on multiple occasions cut him deeper than any sword. Not least because hearing it from Dean's mouth should have been a joyous moment.
"The deal I made was for Jack. If I break
"We should change his clothes." She announced. "He looks ridiculous."
Either way, she was powerful and he was glad that she was on their side. He was also glad to have someone around who wasn’t his brother. He didn’t think he could deal with the cloying friction between them at the moment, so it was good to have someone else as a buffer, smoothing the edges so they could work together without getting prickly over every decision. Almost everything Dean said Sam wanted to snap at, and he was pretty sure an explosion was coming. He could only paper over his anger for so long in the name of professionalism; Rowena’s presence kept them both from being able to mope, driving them to action instead.
"I love you too. Don't be a stranger, you can always visit, right?"
Sam shot him a look, cautious, like he was worried Cas wouldn't understand, but after a moment the need to speak the thought aloud won out.
Dean huffed in his sleep, his fingers twitching around Cas' for a moment, his features smoothing into something less angry than his usual sleep countenance. He kept hold of Dean's hand, even though he was no longer using his grace, and with his left he manoeuvred himself into a position to be able to tug the flung covers back into place around Dean's neck. It was remarkably tricky for such a simple task but he knew that letting go of Dean's hand was invitation for a relapse into bad dreams.
She passed through the G and H sections quickly,
"I know he won't." Dean muttered, gently shifting his arm under Cas' hand, Cas made to pull away but Dean placed his own hand on top, holding it there; this was an intimacy they rarely indulged in, the two of them; a touch for no other reason than because they wanted to touch, a leak in the carefully constructed dam that neither could bring themselves to stopper. It was all they could have, and it was enough because it had to be, "but Heaven or the Mal'ak, what's the difference? Good memories or bad, it's still just a box."
"You mind if I stop to grab some lunch?" Sam asked. "Could use some gas too."
"I have no need to threaten him, Mr Winchester. Like I said, we could use him in Heaven." She glanced at the sandbox to her left and sighed, "We could use a miracle in Heaven."
“Chuck’s been dictating every decision we ever made but this ghost is just too random?”
Hi everyone!
If you'd like to come talk to me, or read some of my Tumblr exclusive stuff (and some poetry), you can find me
"It just makes me miss Charlie," he said, "and Kevin. Our family feels a lot smaller than it should be sometimes."
Dean let out a breath he hadn't known he was holding and his whole body relaxed.
Eventually the smooth tarmac beneath them fell away, leaving only pockmarked earth that dipped and jostled and was frankly just all-round unpleasant. Rowena muttered her complaints and rolled the window up after a particularly harsh bump kicked up just enough loose dust to be caught in the wind and sent into her face where it, of all the indignities, stuck to her lip gloss. She wiped at her mouth furiously while Sam navigated the edges of a small town, looking for any sign of a familiar car. Judging from the purse of his lips, he didn’t find it, but did find what looked like a motel—probably the only one for miles—and pulled into the lot.
In silence they finished their drinks and resigned themselves to standing vigil. Together, without speaking, they moved to the kitchen, where they’d be in earshot if Dean shouted, or if Cas heard something concerning.
"Sam reads a lot," Jack said slowly, once Sam's footsteps had faded from hearing, "why do you both look so happy that he's going to read?"
Dean winced. "I didn't mean it like that." He shifted his weight between his feet and glanced around. No one else was out yet, probably putting the finishing touches on whatever costumes or decorations they'd thrown together. He felt exposed on Cas' doorstep, and the chill nipped at his skin through his jacket but if Cas didn't want to invite him in then he wasn't going to bring it up.
Day 23 - No Exit - Warnings for Major Character Death, lots of blood and heavy angst.
“Yeah.”
here?” There was definite animosity in her voice now and she made to stand, revealing that she was tall… like…
"I mean, don't get me wrong, this life has mostly sucked ass. But I'm tired of running. That's what I always did before, when Dean died. I'd just pack up and run, either chasing normal or looking for a way to get him back. But that doesn't feel right this time, does it? Dean isn't all I've got anymore. I've got Mom now, and you and Jack and hell, even Bobby and Charlie, or at least versions of them. And Dean's dead, and nothing's okay right now, but this time I feel like, I don't know, like maybe it
Damn. So not an amateur then. That was about all he could narrow it down to really; vamps could hear the change in your heartbeat, djinn could sense when you were no longer under their thrall, werewolves could smell the chemicals that flooded a waking person’s system, angels and demons and gods… they almost always knew too. In fact, nine times out of ten the pretending-to-be-asleep shtick didn’t work. He only kept doing it because when it did, it was really fun.
"Can't even blame 'em," he said bitterly, "what if Michael's not really gone, Cas? What if he's got a plan? Don't you think it was too easy? Why'd he just decide to leave? I'm his
Dean cleared his throat loudly.
"I could," Castiel said. Then he paused as he took in the deep lacerations, still oozing blood even hours later although there was no trace of infection, Sam had probably doused it with whatever bottle of whisky Dean had had lying around. He pulled in air through his teeth in a sympathetic sound, "I hate seeing you hurt."
“A pissed off God.” Rowena said.
Dean stood in the shower stall while his hands clenched and unclenched at his sides. He needed to shower; he was covered in over 80 hours' worth of sweat, blood and grime. He stunk, he felt filthy, he
Voices in the hallway snapped Sam out of his half-doze. He jumped when he heard the beep as the room key was activated and took a sip of his tea, which was now barely lukewarm. He was glad he’d chosen mint, any other tea was disgusting cold.
That thought alone was enough to make him take the key and fit it into the door, warm him as he turned it. Cas stood at his shoulder, clutching his angel blade, his expression tight. Dean just beamed at him, fondly registering the look of surprise on his face as he pulled open the heavy iron door with a familiar screech that made him wince. Cas had his back. Cas was here, he was alive, and he still cared enough to follow Dean into Hell for a second time.
"So, why-?"
Castiel considered recipes to be as scripture. If it was written down then that was the ‘correct’ way to make the dish and he grew endlessly frustrated when some things just didn’t come out the way the recipe dictated it should. He wouldn’t even be able to consider a dish until he had every single one of the ingredients listed in the recipe and he measured them out to perfection, meaning that he spent more on ingredients than either of the other two, and there were jars of random spices and bottles of specific weird oils and flavourings that Cas had only needed a few drops or a pinch of (a literal pinch in Cas’ case) and he only cooked the same thing more than once if he was specifically asked to.
Sam's eyebrows flicked upwards, then he nodded.
Then there were the guns: shotguns and pistols, modern and classic, the colt of course was still a useless lump of half-melted metal, but the God gun was there. Dean reached out a finger and touched the grip, he was pretty sure that
"Um… can you get the door? I brought you some food."
“I don’t suppose sanitation really matters to you,” Dean said, flipping through some pictures of a studio before dismissing it. “Seeing as you can’t get infected and all, but it says a lot about how much a place cares about the art it makes. If you can stumble in there at three am and demand Bob Ross’ face on your ass then you’re not in the right place.”
“Good pet.” Dean purred. “I’m glad you remember at least some of the rules.” He looked down towards the blade hanging limply from his other self’s fingers. It went clattering to the floor. “Follow me.”
Dean nodded again and Sam's smile widened.
“Oh yeah? Do tell.”
"No, he didn't." Sam said, scrubbing his hands from his chin and into his hair. His voice was shaking in the way it did when Sam was pissed and upset and Dean hated it. "I am… too fried to argue with you right now. All I know is that I've lost too many people lately."
Love Tibbins xx
"So he
He finished his drink and waved for another, sliding the girl, (he couldn’t bring himself to call her a woman, was she even over 21?) a few extra bucks and and apology for the louts at the other end of the bar.
Castiel spun, bringing one wing around to shield Dean as he swung with the opposite arm, his blade sinking into the neck of the attacking half-soul. It shrieked and hissed unpleasantly and scrabbled its claws along the wing that was covering Dean's form. Castiel cried out but did not pull it away, to do so would expose Dean, and he would not see the Righteous Man harmed. He kicked the almost-demon away, ripping the blade out as he did so, yanking it across. The body fell into the depths of the Pit, its head flapping unnaturally on the remaining sinew keeping it strung to the torso. Another demon lunged at him from behind, landing on his back and sending him spinning off-kilter, grace now pouring from the joints where his wings met his human-shaped back. Castiel curled himself around Dean, wings in tight as the demon tore at his back and bit at his neck, it was a sign of how weak Castiel was that those teeth could even break his skin. He endured the onslaught until there was a slight pause in the attack, then he acted, swinging one of his wings out with enough force to dislodge the demon and following the momentum around, blade aimed for the creature's heart. The blade hit true and the demon screeched as it died, following its brethren in a fall.
need him."
"I'm good, Dean, really. I'm just trying to break some bad habits is all," he glanced over at Castiel again, who nodded back. Dean glanced between them, eyes narrowed, but Sam's answer and steady gaze seemed to have calmed him. He shrugged and sat back.
“Nothing, I just… you and the vampire are intimate. I was surprised.”
Castiel's heart broke at the simple confession. For all Sam's thirty-six hard years he sounded so young, like the child Dean had never really been able to look past, the little brother he had tried so hard to protect. Castiel placed his hand on Sam's shoulder, wishing that he could do more than share Sam's pain.
Love Tibbins xx
was stacked to bursting and the pantry was almost overflowing. Every grocery run Dean would return with at least three more cans of soup or giant bags of rice or pasta, along with the fresh stuff that was gone again within days, or left to gather mold as the inhabitants took on a case with little to no forward planning.
He didn’t have to worry about what his brother knew, or suspected, about who he liked to do a bit of living with. Sam wasn’t here. Benny was here, and he was more than willing, and nothing around them would try to kill them any
Maybe Sam had been right to hide the gun from him. Even now it seemed to call to him, whispering the good it could do. It promised a way out, safety for Sam and an end to his fight. But somehow it didn’t feel like enough. It wouldn’t bring Cas back, and it wouldn’t fix the things that were broken between him and Sam either. Only he could do that.
"I'm sure He's aware, yes," Cas said dryly, then he sighed, "I don't know, Sam. I don't know what I'm doing here right now. Jack won't talk to me about what happened and that's concerning, Dean is acting… differently and that's confusing, and I know you in particular need time to heal before we even consider hunting again, but everything feels… impermanent. We're between hunts and between crises and I can't fix anything but I don't have any other purpose."
“You know,” Dean continued, “I was kind of hoping that everything would fall into place after a few hours of sleep but… I still don’t know what the hell our next move is.”
Sam wanted to cry, he wanted to punch something, he wanted to beat the crap out of John Winchester for making Dean feel like this, like his feelings were something shameful and wrong, like he couldn't act on them because of
Dean paced around the sandbox like a caged tiger, muttering insults along with his prayers for Naomi to show her face. He'd been here for almost three hours, breathing in the smell of mulch and rusted metal, but nothing Heavenly had appeared. Honestly, if he allowed his rational brain control for a moment, he wasn't surprised. She had no incentive to come out and talk to him and he had nothing to make her; still, he knew he had to try, for Cas.
why we thought it was pure witch until that kid caught a video on her phone."
Sam raised an eyebrow, "you got someplace to be?"
"Interesting theory." He said lightly, in the tone that Dean reserved for a monster that he felt was barely worth his time. "Here's my rebuttal."
Next to him, Sam let out a long, deep sigh and reached one hand up to pinch the bridge of his nose, "Oh, Cas,"
The other Dean couldn’t look at his face for long, its one working eye darting to it and then away in submission.
"Well, I've seen Dean get that look if there's no coffee in the machine when he wakes up, so I wouldn't take it personally."
he can solve these," he said, pushing the paper away in disgust.
“Almost,” she said, then turned to Isla with a huge smile. “Now, on the way in I saw some of your gorgeous creations and I was hoping you could squeeze me in for a wee fitting? Also, do you do repairs?”
“Can I?”
Dean grabbed at the olive branch that was being offered him. “I think that would be okay,” he muttered. Then, “I think you’d look real nice in eyeliner, Cas.”
it? How long until I have to listen as you scream, as you beg me for help that I can't give? How long-"
He jolted when the door to the driver’s side door creaked open.
“What?”
of course. Dean’s dumb act was just that, an act, because nobody had ever expected any more of him than idiot high school dropout, nobody except John, who had expected things of Dean that shouldn’t be expected of any kid. Dean’s worship, in hindsight, was understandable, and pretty damn heartbreaking.
Although most of the other people in there had been old ladies looking for a bargain, there’d been one guy looking through the winter coats with all the intensity of one who knew that his decision could mean life or death. Ever since Cas had confessed that he’d been homeless when he'd become human, sleeping on the streets and in abandoned buses, Dean began to notice them more. The people on the edge of society, waiting in line for a coffee with holes in their shoes and a battered backpack over one arm, sitting on the street with a cardboard sign or a dog on a chain, wandering around the public library with the air of someone pretending to look busy so they won’t be kicked out into the cold. He saw Cas in each of them and the guilt in his chest only increased. Sure, he’d slept rough more than a few times when he was younger, those times John would send him away with a fistful of bills and a target to hunt, when he had to decide if he’d rather be able to eat every day or get a motel room. Those weeks had sucked, but he’d always had a place to run back to. John had never exactly been pleased if Dean came back earlier than expected, shivering and starving, without the victory of having killed the thing, but he always took him back in, and then they’d usually go and finish the hunt together, building on whatever info Dean had managed to gather by himself.
“Dean?” Rowena called.
and the rest of the world that was ending, but that was all outside of this moment, far away and not
to help humans, because Castiel wanted to hear Dean's laugh again, because he wanted to.
“You’re right, it sucks,” Sam said with bite. “But whining about it isn’t going to help. We just have to deal with it, like we always do.”
“You don’t believe what Rowena told us?” Sam said, frowning over the lip of his mug. It was funny, not too long ago trusting Rowena would have been the stupidest thing either of them could do, now Sam looked positively offended that Dean wouldn’t take her at her word.
. You wouldn't have needed Michael if not for me, and he wouldn't have needed Dean if I hadn't-"
"Please, please don't."
Castiel began on Dean's face, healing away the scratches and the red tint to his skin, remnants of the blood he had shed. Under the healing, Dean's hair lightened to sandy brown and the freckles, which Cas had only caught glimpses of before now, came into glorious view. Even his eyes grew more vibrant in colour.
killed. I remember that look, it was the same one I got in Hell. I managed to surface once or twice, got the chance to tell him to get out. But he didn't. I wasn't strong enough to push him out and his word, my
"This is all my fault." The boy confessed to him one evening, shoulders hunched, a steaming mug of untouched tea clasped in his hands, the temperature didn't seem to bother him much. His innocent blue eyes were unfocused as he stared into the mug, "I trusted Lucifer and he took my power, and now people are dying because of it. Because of
“You’re… always.”
"You said my powers would return in time," Jack said, his answer was too quick to be a sudden snap of inspiration, he'd clearly thought about this, "maybe there's a way to speed that process up. I'm half-archangel and just as powerful, right? I'll do it if I have to. Michael needs to be stopped."
Rowena chuckled, “You and your brother aren’t the only ones with code-words, Dean. The witch community has had to find ways of doing business without drawing the attention of your kind for centuries. Little occult shops selling crystals and Ouija boards to anyone with a few shillings are all well and good for those with no ambition, but places like this are more my style.”
he sometimes chose to,  condidering he didn't eat more than a few bites of anything, but he saw it in their eyes whenever he presented them with something he’d made.
"I don't have a last name," he said, pausing, similar to the way Jack had paused when realising his own surname dilemma.
“Sheriff Mills.”
“The bunker’s been repossessed. In kind of a literal sense,” Dean finished for him. “We’re gonna need a motel.”
“I begged you to come back.”
Jack nodded. Dean watched him carefully, trying to figure out if the kid was actually sad or just playing human. It looked genuine but it was hard to tell; in some ways, Jack wore every emotion on his face, but sometimes it felt static, like the mask of what he thought he was expected to feel. It made Dean a little uneasy, no matter how he felt about the kid he couldn't ignore the reasons he'd been suspicious in the first place. Sure, parentage wasn't everything, but Jack had identified himself as Lucifer's son, which, while technically true, was no less troubling, even if he had also dubbed himself a Winchester in the same sentence. How much of Jack had burned away with Michael? How much of the sweet, candy-loving, curious child was gone forever? He had taken in what remained of Michael's grace, had that just juiced up his powers and fixed his body like Cas seemed to think, or was it gonna have consequences for Jack-the-person? If his soul was diminished, would something step in to replace it? Something more Lucifer-esque that Jack had previously been able to overpower with his mother's influence?
was going to be the one to use, though Sam would not be happy about it when the time came.
"Mom." Sam cut in weakly. "That's enough. It's not Cas' fault."
“Obviously.”
wouldn’t have the stones to admit that he wanted.
Castiel almost laughed.
At this point, Dean had given up on asking how the monsters they hunted knew his name. He was practically a celebrity. It was weirder when they
"We all want to help." Jack said immediately, "None of us like this deal, Cas."
. I always love to hear from you.
Even with a healthy dislike of the plan, Cas couldn’t help but admire the bravery with which Dean was facing it. He showed hardly any visible signs of being perturbed by what he would have to do, although Cas knew that he must be. They sat together on the hood of the blue car, watching as Rowena pointed at something above the main door and Sam nodded along to whatever she was saying.
Dean wouldn't want to be saved if that meant they couldn't stop Michael. Of
"And you can't bring him back." The statement was almost a question, the tiniest spark of hope tacked on to the end.
"Yeah, not Michael anymore."
Cas was by his side in an instant, gently dropping the ruined trenchcoat over his shoulders. Sam tugged it in around himself. It smelled like copper and death, this whole fucking place smelled like copper and death. He was in shock, he could feel it, he knew the symptoms. Mentally cataloguing his wounds he focused on just breathing. Nothing life-threatening, but he would definitely need stitches in a few places and he’d lost more blood than he was comfortable with. He’d never been so glad that real zombies weren’t infectious in the way all media portrayed them as.
No. Of
“Nice that he still cares, I guess.” Soulless Sam said between punches, simply rolling with Sam’s attempts to unseat him, his knees tight against Sam’s sides, pinning his arms and digging into his ribs. “Surprising really, considering how much he holds you back. You could almost believe he wants the best for you, you know, if you didn’t feel like you were leashed to him.”
not concerning." He tried to push back the crushing disappointment that he wouldn't be able to hear his baby brother's voice one more time. He still had Cas.
“Yeah.” Sam didn’t sound convinced.
He breathed in, deep, grounding, and straightened himself up, wincing at the ominous crunching sound that came from his knees as he did so. He should probably be more careful, Cas wasn’t gonna be able to take that shit away anymore.
"Yeah, well, I do, okay? I care a whole lot. When you get dragged outta here, you think I can just get over the fact that you spent the last few months of your life miserable?"
Sam let out a loud and extended cackle that bounced around the room at the expression of Dean’s face.
Cas patted his shoulder twice before withdrawing his hand, Dean held back a shiver at the patch of cold it left behind.
“What needs to be said?” Cas asked. A simple question loaded with so much more. There was potential in that question; for something beautiful or for the end of something beautiful, Dean didn’t know. But he looked at Cas, felt his faith ignite, and took the leap.
He didn’t know when those words had wormed their way to stick in his brain but they kept coming back to him. No matter what he’d done in that graveyard, his family would have ended up hating him, because it wasn’t about the graveyard, not really. It was the days leading up to it. The weeks of failing to process his grief over Mary, his insistence on holding on to his rage, despite Sam’s attempts to talk, despite Cas’ earnest pleas. He had been incapable of thinking of anything but revenge, and going out in a blaze of glory, even killing God, wouldn’t have changed any of that. Grand gestures were easy. Sacrificing your life for those you love is easy, it’s not even a decision. It’s all Dean has ever done. But with Cas being gone, everything between them that was broken would remain broken forever.
Dean jerked his head.
Cas' eyes ignited again and he drew himself up, "You would have done the same. For your son. For
pull you out of Hell for you to throw yourself back in." Cas said, his eyes stinging with emotion. "If we do this, Sam and I are going to spend the rest of our lives knowing where you are, knowing what you're going through and knowing that we can't save you. How long before you begin to lose yourself? How long until you pray to me and I have to
Dean’s first thought was that the room looked a little too comfortable to be called an office. More of a study, if he was going to be pedantic about it. The cream carpet was thick under his boots, the walls adorned with framed certificates and book-heavy shelves made of the same honey-coloured wood as the desk. The two chairs on their side were leather and looked plush and Rowena wasted no time in lowering herself into one.
"And me?" Cas couldn't help but ask, the words tinged with a bitterness that wasn't entirely relevant to the current argument, "You didn't make a spot for me on your goodbye tour?"
“Oh dear,” was all she could think to say.
Dean hailed down the bartender with a practised wave and, after serving a man who looked like he’d been drinking since noon, he came over with a smile.
"I know," Cas said thickly. "I was waiting for you to say it, to be ready."
It screamed,
Castiel reached for the knife, his fingers brushed Dean's as he took it. He let it rest in his palm for a few moments, feeling the skin-warmed metal and the comfortable weight. The thought of adding his name to the table had crossed his mind several times over the years, accompanied by longing or bitterness depending on his mood, but he'd never thought it would actually
and here we are. Turns out, I never saved him at all."
"Yes." Cas said through gritted teeth.
"Do you need one?"
ever wanted to try something, just us, I think you would look beautiful.”
What if Dean had fallen down there? What if he was back in Hell? What if—?
“We need to talk.” He called over his shoulder.
Wyatt certainly didn’t like Cas’ implication there, his moustache quivered as he blew out a heavy breath through his nose and he shifted in his chair. He set his own coffee down on the paper he’d been reading when Cas arrived. “Four o’ them’s suicides, Agent Cyrus. One was an accident and one was a domestic dispute.”
“You boys get the bags, I’ll get us the room. My treat. There are wet-wipes in the small blue one, at least try and get
had made. His fist closed over the little plastic rectangle when he thought of that creature using his son’s corpse as a meat suit. He almost got out of the car and hurled it as far as he could, or crushed it in his hand or yanked out the tape song by song until all that was left was silence.
, exactly?"
"Trick or treat?" Dean said with a guilty half-shrug. He'd almost forgotten that it was Halloween; it was still just light outside, a little too early for the costumed kids to be out in full force. "Sam told me where you were. I'm glad you're not too far out." In fact, Cas' chosen stop for the past few days was only a 45 minute drive from the bunker, which hadn't been nearly enough time for him to talk himself out of the trip.
So what did you think?
There was a lump forming in his throat as the notes swelled inside the car. His hands were still twisting in his lap and he stared straight ahead at the brick wall of the school, letting the songs tick over into each other, the lyrics passing through him, each of them plucking at a different string of his heart. Why was he still listening? When had he become so
The brothers shared a glance before both relenting, settling in to watch
Dean narrowed his eyes, confused at the suddenly guilty look on Cas' face as his eyes flicked to Dean before re-focusing on Jack. "Yes," he said softly, the bass in his voice wavering slightly, "that's what counts."
He flung the covers back to stroll across the room and kick the base of Sam’s bed, causing enough of a vibration to rouse him, but not enough to flood his system with panic. Sam blinked, bleary and still fresh from a nightmare. Dean grinned down at him.
Dean had to keep reminding himself that this was what the bunker had been built for, it was far too large for just the four of them anyway and it was a good way to keep everyone in the loop as much as possible, but it made him anxious in a way he couldn't explain. It set off a strange fluttering sensation in his stomach and unease prickled at the back of his neck as though someone was constantly watching him. Even in his own room he couldn't fully relax just in case someone decided to knock on his door, someone who was looking for guidance or who wanted to question him about Michael or just gawk at the man who had caused so much death. He palmed at his suddenly tight chest and reached for the bed with his other hand, following it down to sit heavily on the unmade sheets, his ears felt waterlogged, all sound had grown muffled, which only increased his panic.
She’d told Dean that she was uninterested in having a crisis of faith and that was true, but it was very strange to her that God was even something to consider at all. Not that she hadn’t believed; she’d believed in Lucifer after all, even before she’d met him and loved him and hated him and been killed by him
His eyes focused on Dean properly then, desperate and shiny with tears.
Dylan looked at him strangely. “You’re not one of them jackasses are you?”
"I had to." Castiel said. It was his only defence and he hated himself for using it. Mary was right, he didn't deserve defending, but the instinct to fight was apparently too ingrained in him now. "Michael wouldn't let him go and he wasn't bound by consent the way he should've been. Dean- Dean gave me the opening and I-"
Dean jerked backwards like he'd been electrocuted but Cas yanked him back, his fingers were closed around the hilt of the blade and held there, Cas pressed forward until the tip of the blade hit skin. At the contact Dean let out a sound that was half a sob and ripped himself away, the blade fell and hit the ground with a soft thunk. They stared at each other for a few seconds, the righteous fury in Cas' eyes dimming when he saw whatever was on Dean's face.
Dean's half-smile disappeared before it had even fully formed, "No," he lied, then, seeing that Cas was about to call him out on his bullshit, "I mean, it's working fine."
"I'm not a toddler, Cas, you've got bigger things to worry about."
Dean spluttered, reddening even further.
The solution had been souls, and thus, He began His own downfall; for in creating this thing that was independent of Him, that would grow and change and shape with the human it belonged to, He had created something bigger than Himself, something that could no longer be manipulated, not even by Him. He could still control bodies, impress emotions, but He no longer had any power over a human’s soul.
“But then she got made redundant last year, couldn’t afford her rent, had to move back home while she looked for something else. That was real tough on her. Not like she didn’t get on with the folks or nothing, but she’d been so used to the freedom. She complained to me about it all the time, how there was nothing to do here, no one outside of family that she felt comfortable with. The town ain’t bad as a whole; Reggie and Thomas have been married for years and nobody bothers them, but I guess she was just lonely. Most of our class moved away when she did and the ones who stayed aren’t the type that she got on with. But she was sending out so many resumes and she’d be gone for days at a time just to make an interview. She was so sure she was gonna get something soon. I thought she was doing okay. Not happy, but you know… coping.” her voice turned bitter with the bad joke. “Guess not, though, huh?”
Cas found a case without too much difficulty. Ghost sightings had been popping up everywhere and there were even some that looked like they were a more corporeal issue. He honed in on those, needing a more thorough distraction than a salt-and-burn case, though he justified it with the fact that seeing as Sam had expressed interest tackling a ghost, more varied research was needed. With Rowena and the Winchesters’ accounts of two separate ghost hunts, it would be more useful to seek out knowledge on another creature entirely. Surely reports from other hunters would filter in over the next few days but seeing as ghosts were the most abundant issue at the moment, it would be sensible to make sure he chose something else.
Somehow, that was worse than dreaming of Hell.
Dean felt his stomach begin to churn, felt himself begin to sweat, the way he always did when a conversation with Cas turned on a dime and suddenly all he could think about were his overwhelming
"Okay," Dean said, in a voice as raw as though he'd been screaming.
Lauren talked him through the rest of the cases then, how Stefan Ramos had cut his own wrists when his wife had told him she was leaving him, how Francesca Hatch had hanged herself in her office after a very heated argument with her mother over the phone, how Warren Phelps overdosed on pills when the girl he had a crush on rejected his prom proposal. Which left only one.
"But Dean lit up, you know the way he does when he's got something, something that's just for him, because he wanted it. He's got maybe two or three things like that in the world. And one of them's a freaking slinky."
"Yes."
Dean did know. He remembered it vividly. The flash of light of the portal, a wide-eyed look of shock, the bloodied silver tip protruding from flesh.
God knew how many times he'd thought that exact same thing, his and Sam's not-so-merry-go-round of sacrifice and death, each fresh layer of blood staining his hands darker, every person that they couldn't save a new weight added to his back; he'd spent many a night in an alcohol-fuzzy spiral, debating their effectiveness against the price paid. He'd eventually push it aside, bury it under the thought that they were doing more damage because they were doing more good. Their stakes were higher, so their losses would be too.
It was the plea that did it, the way that Dean was immediately backing down from this fight, the crack in his voice. Clearly, Dean knew something that Sam didn’t about the thing behind him. At least, that’s what he told himself. Though in reality it was more to do with the casual way the Dean-creature shrugged off the tremendous amount of power his young self had channelled its way, the fluid motion as it brought that blade up,
Walter led them to room 12 and unlocked the door without bothering to knock. Then he shuffled away, back towards the office. Either he trusted Sam’s badge enough to figure they wouldn’t trash the place or he simply didn’t care.
“I wasn’t,” Dean replied, shame bubbling acidic in his gut. “A part of me has been him ever since Hell. I—uh—thanks for snapping me out of it.” He didn’t say that he’d been afraid of that part of him for as long as he could remember, avoided acknowledging it, burying it as deep as he possibly could, almost certain that even to think about it would drag him back into the Pit and never let him out. He also didn’t say how some of that fear was gone now. Alastair was still a part of him, yes, but he had just proven that it didn’t control him. He
"You mean
“That’s not why you asked and you know it.” Sam snapped back, a cruel lash that even Rowena could tell was below the belt. Dean deflated like he’d been punctured, stared at his brother with a look in his eyes that Rowena had never seen directed at Sam before. Fear.
. It was so strong that Castiel felt his eyes begin to prickle with the feelings they evoked. The memories of long drives, quiet smiles, heated arguments, frustrated forgiveness. Conversations exchanged with a glance, trust and apologies, laughter and regret and understanding; clashing and holding and orbiting each other like two magnets spinning slightly out of sync. Under the weight of all that, the touch of those fingers shouldn't feel so wrong. It sent conflicting emotions firing across his synapses until Michael's hand pressed in and those emotions were blotted out by the pain. He yelled, trying to twist away from the intrusion, feeling the blood pour from the new opening as Michael callously tore his way in.
The kitchen was empty when he got there and he was grateful. He knew Sam probably wouldn't come out of his room without the promise of food and Cas was probably off doing research or something angel-y. Honestly, what Cas did in his spare time was still a mystery unless you caught him doing something weird like reading the refrigerator manual or returning from the store with nothing but a rubber duck and a small birdhouse, but he had never begged off a movie night like the others did sometimes, even Jack. Kid just didn't appreciate the classics.
amusing however if he wasn’t shoved right up next to her by his brother on the other side. He smelled like blood and sweat, which made her wrinkle her nose, and he kept jostling her arm while she drove. For a two-seater car it was a miracle that they fit at all.
Dean swallowed and took another mouthful of cereal to cover it up. Cas forced a smile back at the boy, though it was tense.
dream, the details of which were slipping away fast like water through his cupped hands. He was left with the clear image of Jack, and the murkier one of Cas leaning against a wall and smiling.
, and already knowing the outcome must have been too dull. But how to give these humans autonomy so that they could be watched or ignored as their Creator wished? The angels had their grace, of course, but most human bodies were not compatible with such a thing, and grace was better for groups, not individuals.
were the younger brother and pulling him practically into his lap. Dean buried his face into Sam’s shoulder and cried all the harder, a damp patch quickly forming on his shirt. Sam hushed him gently and began to rock, the way that Dean did for him when he was little and couldn’t sleep because he was scared of monsters. “It’s gonna be okay. You’ve still got me. And I’ve still got you. We’ll be okay.”
?" Sam demanded, twisting around in his seat for half a second to address Jack before turning back to the road, then he shot a glare at Cas, "What is he talking about?"
He thought about Chuck too, the God that Dean had never really believed in until he met the guy and then had the freaking gall to assume that he was on their side; that in his own, detached, deadbeat way, he actually cared about this world and the people in it, that when push came to shove he’d see things set right. But now they were way past shove and things were so, so wrong.
"I brought it on myself, Cas, I need to go through it. But it's fine, it's getting easier."
It didn’t take them long to put the spell together in the end. A brass bowl, some burning stick that smelled like patchouli and some mush that probably contained hazel bark. Rowena wrapped the melted metal in the mush, said a few words, her eyes glowing purple, and then she tilted the bowl towards Sam, who took a piece of silk and carefully wiped the mush from what was now a key, identical to the one that had melted.
, with Dean at her wheel and Sam's too-long legs propped on her dash and Cas pleasantly settled in the back. She liked that Dean and Sam never had to worry about a drive to the hospital because Cas was there, she liked that Cas had learned how to lean into her rather than perch on the edge of her seat as he discovered what comfort was, she liked that they had found each other, that they looked after each other in more ways than just basic maintenance; the four of them together had ticked up the number of her odometer battling the impossible, outrunning the apocalypse, chasing freedom. They had a destination and a purpose and she knew that she would be content to belong to these humans (even if one was an angel) for as long as they could keep each other running.
"We've talked about this, Cas. We need him."
it’s locked down. I’m pretty sure that Chuck is the only thing that can get into and out of there now, and as long as he wants that thing in there… there it’ll stay.”
He couldn't say how long they sat there, but Sam's legs were starting to cramp from being knelt down for so long when Dean finally pulled back, sniffing, wiping his eyes on a corner of his flannel.
“Oh.” Lauren didn’t say anything else, didn’t apologise. Her own grief apparently taught her that sorry meant very little. Cas wished he’d shown her the same courtesy earlier.
, where would be the fun otherwise?
"What murders?" Dean asked innocently, snatching up an empty Bounty wrapper, "it was all done with mirrors, right, Cas?"
“There’s nothing wrong with indulging in a little luxury,” she scolded. “Perhaps if you tried it sometime you might dislodge those sticks shoved up your behinds.”
"And yet you always find an excuse to get out of cleaning, hell,
Dean felt his heart sink as he watched it land, then he whipped his head back around just in time to see the creature knock Cas off balance and send him skidding along the floor in the other direction. Dean pushed himself to his feet and the thing turned back to him, it snarled at him, eye blazing with anger that it had been tricked, that it had shown fear to something lesser than Alastair.
It took the impact to its shin without moving, its sense of self-preservation long gone, despite Dean being pretty sure that he splintered bone. It just leered down at him, death in its eye, the other still dangling obscenely from the socket. Dean was almost level with it, and the sight made him want to throw up. Then it swung around as the thing turned, catching the blade in the remaining meat of its arm without flinching, and brought down its other hand with the clear aim to shatter Cas’ elbow. Cas pulled back at the last second with a cry, leaving the blade, and the creature pulled it from its flesh and threw it over its shoulder. It clattered on the tile at the other end of the hallway.
"I'm going as fast as I can," Sam ground out through gritted teeth, and indeed, the white lines in the middle of the road had become a continuous blurry streak of orange flame as they reflected the blazing sky, the road like a broken shadow on either side. There had been a few other cars crawling around the town as they wound their way through Lebanon but once they hit the highway it was pretty much clear. It was Sunday, Cas realised suddenly, that was probably why. Fewer people had places to be on a Sunday morning, and even less would travel a distance. None of this was important, of course, he was just trying his best to ignore Sam's expectant glower as he seemed to be waiting for Cas to elaborate on his non-answer. After a few moments, Sam sighed,
“Yeah.” Sam said, still pale, then his face broke into a grin so bright it was almost blinding. “She just got a message from Cas. He’s alive.”
Cas pulled into the bunker garage and parked the Muntz Jet back in its place, knowing that Dean had a specific spot for each car and got pissy if they were rearranged. He would like to co-ordinate a prank with Sam involving that particular quirk one day, but now was not the time. The impala was already there, of course, their museum quest had taken several hours, Cas regaling the boy with stories from his earlier life, more information that the museum could provide, correcting where humans had misinterpreted or just gotten it plain wrong. He'd gotten a lot of odd looks from the museum staff and other visitors but it had been worth it to see Jack's eager face soaking up the knowledge, something any boy and their father should be able to experience. They had a nice time, Cas bought an overdue and overpriced breakfast in the cafe and gave Jack his sandwich to stow away for later if he got peckish on the remaining journey back (he had, Jack was in the body of a teenager after all).
But the kindness had been persistent and so had Cas, and Dean had felt himself starting to thaw against his better judgement. He started to crave that kindness, given not because of any familial obligation or even as some kind of benevolent gift of forgiveness for his sins in Hell, but just because Cas was kind, and liked him. Dean had never met anyone so selfless before, and not in the way that he seemed to think he was selfless, by not having a self other than to serve Heaven’s plan, but in the way that he started to consider the harm that Heaven’s plan might be doing, in the way that he had saved Dean from Alastair, had gone for the kill in that fight despite the fact Heaven needed him alive, in the way he listened to Dean’s worries and shared his own, in the way he took the time to cultivate their budding friendship, the way he invested in it even when the other angels mocked him, demoted him, cast him down.
Sam, shaggy-haired and gaunt-faced gave a grim nod. Dean kept his eyes on Cas and Cas looked back steadily.
Cas glanced over at Sam whose jaw twitched slightly as he yanked the visor down to shade his eyes from the first streaks of sunlight of the day. It was almost seven and the winter nights were beginning to stretch out like a bland highway, "He overheard me and Sam talking. He knows I'm going to have to leave soon."
"It's not the reading, Jack," Cas explained, looking at the boy fondly, "he's going to the library, he hasn't been near the place since Michael… anyway, it's something that he feels like he needs to do alone so we should respect that and leave him be. It's going to be difficult for him."
Of course, thinking of the night before brought back other snatches of memory that he would rather stayed buried deep in his subconscious. He remembered the strange looks he got from the kid at the bar, who seemed hesitant to serve him. He remembered ignoring a woman who tried to talk to him, not even looking over at her when she spoke. He remembered feeling a despair so powerful that it seemed to devour all that he had ever been. He remembered crying in front of Sam.
Sam said nothing. He saw the guilt and self-hatred burning behind Dean’s eyes but he had no words of comfort to offer. He wasn’t exactly in the right frame of mind to disagree right now. He twisted around in his seat to look at Cas through the window, picking up body after body and dropping them into one of the craters. He looked wrathful and strong, every bit the angel. Even his trenchcoat was back in its impeccable condition. He looked lonely.
If asked, Dean would say that summer was his favourite season. He liked the heat of it, the light. There were fewer opportunities for something to sneak up on him when the dry grass crunched underfoot and darkness was scarce. Hunts were easier in summer, he'd say; everything was just a little bit lethargic, a little less careful, a little more prone to mistakes; of course they were too, but that just increased the thrill.
Dean flinched back as though Cas had hit him, his hand jerked away from the letters etched into the table and he stood quickly, almost knocking over his chair in the process. The suddenly blank expression on his face hurt more than any anger.
It wasn’t love, what he and Benny had, it was… it was trust and respect and a genuine friendship and fondness for each other, it was accepting the other’s flaws and knowing when they needed a distraction or a release. It was love
The halls were silent, disconcertingly so. Not long ago, this place had been full of refugees from Apocalypse World but since the search for Michael had gone cold with Dean's return they had slowly filtered out, back to the homes they had begun to build in town. Sometimes Cas missed the company when he wandered the bunker at night; now however, he was glad of the quiet, nothing but the rhythmic clunk of pipes and the low thrum of magic that pervaded the very walls, protective magic honed over decades of Men of Letters' research and development, plus Rowena's own spin on the latest variant – they tried to strengthen the warding every two weeks as a rule, though it seemed to be proving less and less effective against their increasingly powerful foes. Very little would stop Michael from just flying in if he had a mind to, and nothing at all would stop the Empty.
Rowena kicked Sam’s shin under the table and he winced, before apparently realising how what he had just said would sound and hurrying to correct himself.
the face scrunch, the processing of the information, and then the hardening. "What did you do?"
Cas sighed. "If you need me, I'll be there," he promised. "But if there is a solution to the apocalypse, it won't be found in this half-mile radius of a town, and you can't leave these people. I'll keep you updated."
“Wait, what? The Corolla’s gone?”
He was so
It felt like all of his blood drained to his feet at the same time his heart leapt. Feeling somewhat nauseous, he swiped at the screen and held the phone to his ear.
He wasn’t sure how he felt about that, but Cas’ face contorted with anger.
. I looked in your eyes and I was so scared that you weren’t pretending.”
How a man of six-foot-four could look so small was beyond Dean, but he stepped towards his brother and pulled him down into a hug anyway, their second in as many days, the world had gone wonky. Sam wasted no time in clinging to him, folding himself up to that he was practically buried in Dean's chest. Dean let him sob and rocked him gently from side to side like he had when Sam was little, running a soothing hand across his back and humming some Zeppelin deep in his chest so that Sam could feel it, even if he probably couldn't identify the fractured tune. Tears pricked at his own eyes at the sound of Sam's pain. He'd been through so much, clawed his way from the boy with the demon blood to the guy who saved the world, finally been ready to step up, accept the role of lover, and father, and leader, only to have the woman he loved—or at least, the woman he could have loved—murdered by the Brits, to have his son die and come back only to lose most of the human part of himself, and to have all the people he'd tried so hard to guide and protect butchered by the archangel that was only still around because he'd tried to save his brother.
After all, he wasn’t four years old any more, and he knew perfectly well the limitations of guardian angels.
Castiel laughed again and flung an arm around the boy's shoulders, guiding him towards the kitchen where there was an entire drawer stuffed full of take-out menus.
the salt hit the thing but it missed, or that ghost was an anomaly rather than the new normal. Either way, it can’t hurt to double check.”
Dean reached into the popcorn bowl and his hand only found smooth, unpopped kernels. He grumbled but picked one to chew on anyway, he liked the crunch of them. Sam grinned and looked like he was about to say something snarky but thought better of it. Cas didn't move, his hands were shaking, balled into tight fists in his lap as he stared at the screen, unblinking, although the fight scene was over. Gantu was in chains and the president lady ordered Stitch to be taken too. Dean had all but abandoned the movie to watch Cas instead, the minute twitches of his face were the only signs that he hadn't been frozen by a spell or something (hey, it wouldn't be the weirdest thing that had happened when watching TV).
“You’re right that this doesn’t fix anything.” Cas said. “But it feels right. And maybe the rest will come.”
Dean looked at her and shrugged. “That’s the best we’ve got.”
"I am one of them, you know."
“Then it’ll be a waste of what will probably be the only opportunity we get. You’re right. I know I can’t keep it from him forever, just… not yet. We’ll find Cas and get his help on this and it might not even come up until after when we have another plan. But we have to do more than distract that thing. How are we gonna figure out what young me
Love Tibbins xx
I cannot return his devotion,
“Don’t look at me like that, Samuel. I’m just teasing,” she said, sipping primly at her tea. “Besides, he’s not really my type.”
plan. He couldn't go back to hiding in the bunker, waiting around for an answer to fall into his lap. He had come here to finish something. He had come here because he hadn't known what else to do. He had come here because he missed Dean.
"Cas-" it was too late, he wanted to say, Cas wouldn't get here in time. Dean was lying in a pool of what he judged to be about five pints of his own blood. He was woozy and feverish, steadily dripping out more, and to top it all off, he was in a solid stone room so even if Cas made it before Dean croaked, getting
"I don't," he said simply. "For the first time, I don't want to stay, Dean. I don't want to see my son's corpse every day, I don't want to be reminded of how badly I have failed you and Sam, I don't want to wait around and do nothing, feeling useless,
He didn't regret his decision. He couldn't. He'd done it for Jack, for his son; any parent would have done the same, Sam and Dean would have done the same. No, he would make the same choice a thousand times over, but it was strange to be in mourning for his life while still living it. All the things he had taken simple pleasure in he now had to actively avoid just to stay alive, assuming of course, that he wanted to. He lowered his eyes to the closed glove compartment and stared at the little bumps in the plastic, he had been ready to die tonight. He had been ready to go to Dean's room, tell him how he felt, and allow the chips to fall where they may.
“Unless he didn’t have anything. He is an angel.”
Cas’ smile was a small one, surprised but genuine. “Even without my grace?”
They all said their goodbyes before Dean tapped on the red button to end the call.
Lately he'd been hearing it more often, beating behind his skull to the tempo that Michael had had when he was stuck in there; it was causing no little amount of fear, especially since Jack had burned off what was probably most of his soul to kill him.
“What does it usually do?”
"The light," Cas repeated, "I find it very obnoxious."
“When magic doesn’t kill it!” Rowena seethed, slamming the door of her sleek carmine red Duesenberg SJ Coupe. She looked bone-tired. Her dress was patterned with dried clumps of dirt and her red hair had less bounce than usual. “I had to dig up a grave!
The angel was hard to read at the best of times but even
“You might get lucky. Maybe by the end of all this I really will be dead to you. Problem solved.”
“You know what? Me too.”
"Yeah," Sam said, turning to look at Dean, his eyes smiling bigger than his face, "this was just what I needed."
“Let’s go.” He said, standing and helping Sam to his feet.
Enjoy ^_^
"Right," Sam said, flipping his hair but looking no less worried, "no, I know."
"Can scents be pretentious?"
"Well this is off to a great start," Dean said, "what could you tell him that you couldn't tell us? What, were you giving him the angel sex-talk?"
Dean watched on in silence. He hadn't known these people like his brother had, they'd felt more like invaders than guests to him and he'd avoided them when he could, choosing to stick to his room with a crate of beer and Netflix. But seeing that pain on his brother's face, knowing
"And you wanna go back there?"
"Jack! Dean is our family."
"Is he right?" Sam asked carefully, dropping his phone to his side, "Is Naomi controlling you again, like before? Making you think you have to leave?"
"He's family." Jack said firmly. "Dean would want him here."
, and the people inside made his blood still with cold fury. He thought of Bobby, wandering listlessly through the bunker, a bottle of whiskey dangling from his hand, of Sam, collapsing into his own grief, overcome by the pressure of trying to hold everything together, of Jack, only seeing the bad in every choice he had ever made, of Mary, caught in an endless loop of despair and frantic hope.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Not really. Now he looks at me different, like he looks at kids that just saw a monster for the first time. The only reason I haven't punched him for it yet is 'cause I've barely seen him since then."
, Sam. That's all he ever wanted for you. Regardless, you deserve happiness on your own merit."
“That’s not the point!” Dean argued. “Knowing how to use what you’ve got isn’t the same as losing half of what you had. If we’re in a fight and we think you can just zap us out if things get hairy, that changes how we fight. We need to know your limits Cas, and you need to know them too. How much juice did you just use up smiting that thing?” His throat seized in sudden panic as he noticed sweat beading on Cas’ brow, the still heavy sound of his breaths, the tremble in his hands.
"I'm not sure I understand why Doctor Warner and Doctor Sanchez felt the need to copulate in a patient's cupboard," he said, tilting his head in confusion, "but I understand why you enjoy it. The world seems to have very few consequences but it still manages to be engaging, with a focus on character rather than plot."
“What happened?” Dean asked immediately. “Is Jody okay?”
He measured time by feedings now, by the fear that ebbed and flowed with her presence. He still wasn’t sure what she was feeding on, he wasn’t sure he wanted to know. She didn’t offer the information and he didn’t ask.
Oh, he has me.
To his surprise, Sam sighed heavily and opened his door wider, "Come in, Cas, I think I know what this is about."
birthday present and giving it back to Dad would be like he never got anything at all. He looked at me then, like I'd just reminded him that he was worth something. Sometimes… when I've messed up, when I let him down, I remember that look and I think that I did something right."
Sooooo... yeah... that happened, I guess.
Which, of course, ignited a fury in her that only a 300-year-old witch could get when she was being condescended to.
Sam let out a sob and redoubled his efforts, ignoring his body’s protests. They had to find him. He couldn’t lose Dean too, not after Jack, he
Dean would say that the woman was flirting with him, he'd nudge Castiel in the ribs, encouraging him to try some kind of line, but Castiel never would. For one thing, he was pretty sure that Lucy wasn't interested in relationships of any kind. She'd mentioned this once or twice, laughing about being happily single in the way that suggested it was true, rather than the way people often did, trying to cover their loneliness. For another thing, Castiel wasn't interested. He liked Lucy, would like to consider her a friend, and he very much enjoyed talking with her when she was at her stall. She set up one most days while the market was on, though earlier in the summer she had no honey.
reddening face.
he'd understand. He cares about you for more than that and if you'd just talk to him-"
"I'm proud of you." Castiel said warmly one evening, after Sam and Jack had retired, worn out from training and then a Sam-and-Jack patented adventure to a nearby—and secluded—lake, because Jack had mentioned that he wasn't sure he knew how to swim and Sam didn't think it would be sensible to take him to a public pool just in case he freaked and lost control of his powers. Apparently Jack had mastered the doggy paddle, but didn't really bother learning any of the other strokes Sam tried to teach him, having more fun splashing around and diving to look for interesting rocks, particularly when it turned out that he could stay under long enough to nearly give Sam a heart attack before popping up behind him and squirting water from his mouth, making Sam—according to Jack—'shriek like a little girl.' Dean had guffawed particularly loudly at that part of the story.
“I’ve changed enough,” Sam said distractedly, eyes darting to the exits, to Dean, to anything that might explain what the hell was going on.
Jack blinked, frowning, "You-"
, we've gotta go talk to her."
"Dean-" It was all he could think to say, he stared at the knife as though it was his salvation and his damnation all at once.
Castiel and Dean exchanged grins as Sam stormed off, leaving the groceries where they'd landed. Castiel went to retrieve them and put them away while Dean went to gather the cleaning supplies and started wiping down the counters.
She shrugged, troubled by that. Sam’s anger was a vicious thing and being on the receiving end of it was all kinds of disquieting. She was aware, of course, that Sam was angry at Dean a lot, but it was usually surface-level, more irritation than true anger. The kind of frustration that came when your brother did something stupid and dangerous because he didn’t realise how much other people cared about him. This was different than that, darker. It was the kind of anger that she recognised in herself, the kind that demanded revenge.
But the look on his face when Cas had told him he would leave made him doubt it, which was why—at a little after five am—he knocked on Sam's door.
"Well, it never hurts to check," Dean said indulgently, sliding into the front seat and switching the car on, "yep, that's the engine light. Why don't you go watch some Netflix with the others? Depending on what this is, it could take a while."
something, something worth keeping and I'm happy with who this life has made me into."
Lauren shrugged, though she didn’t look comforted. “I guess. She was just always so… hopeful. Sure, she got annoyed at stuff, upset too, but she wasn’t gonna stay here forever, she had a plan...” she shook her head. “It’s just hard to match the person I knew with the person I found. Everything’s been screwy in this town lately. So many more reports of domestic disputes from couples you never would’ve thought. Along with the six funerals we’ve had three weddings, about eight files for divorce, a major uptick in STDs and so many rumours about teenage pregnancy and affairs happening I can’t even list ’em, it’s crazy.”
"So you don't talk anymore," Jack said a minute later, out of freaking nowhere, "and we're not supposed to worry."
"I thought I did," Sam replied, a shadow crossing his face, "I thought I knew what he needed, but when he- last time he needed something I just couldn't figure it out. I let him be Agent Page and I gave him beer at breakfast and I tried to take him to a strip club. I felt like a kid, like I was trying to cheer him up in the stupid little ways that kids do. I didn't know how to fix the problem so I just tried masking it with stuff he liked. It didn't work."
there when things go wrong."
Dean stared at the angel for almost a full minute before answering. Cas looked unsure, vulnerable in a way that was unusual. Normally, when Cas made a decision he stuck to it and didn't look back, but it must be hard when a reminder hit like the splash zone on a rollercoaster to let you know that people were suffering, or going to suffer, because of a choice you made.
Sam pressed his lips together as he drove. He didn’t like to think of his brother that way. In some ways he felt let down by it. Dean had been his hero through all his young life, the parent that John never was. He’d been cool and suave and funny and fearless. Sam had wanted to be everything that Dean was, until John had deemed him old enough to start the same training, the training that demanded obedience over thought. Sam had learned, John had made sure he did, but he’d hated the process. He might have found the lore pretty interesting but the training itself turned out to be nowhere near as glamorous as Dean had made it seem. They’d spent endless hours throwing knives until they stuck, or being shaken awake at four in the morning to run laps around the motel before school, or setting up a ‘shooting range’ as far from the rest of the population they could get and firing round after round (that he’d had to make himself of course) into a tree trunk or row of cans. And Heaven help them if they complained.
“T. S. Eliot had it right after all. Not with a bang and all that.”
“Guys don’t wear make-up, Cas.”
"It changed everything, that day.
Cas had said that before leaving, but that wasn’t really true. He had Sam, and Sam just had another problem.
“Yes, Dean. It’s me, it’s Cas. We’ve come to take you home.”
“Yeah. So am I.” Lauren turned her face away with a bitter smile. “I’m guessing you want me to talk about her?”
Dean pulled a face and Sam laughed. Considering how Sam was the more socially acceptable of the two brothers it was amazing how bad he was at everyday household chores. Didn't matter how many times he'd saved the world, he still couldn't figure out how to work the vacuum cleaner.
"Alright," he said, "but if you change your mind, if you need anything,
Day 27 - Villains - Cas will rebuild - spoilers for 15x03.
Castiel swallowed, unable or unwilling to look away from those eyes, the eyes that he had been so intrigued by in Hell, the eyes that had laughed with him, grieved with him, frosted him out or laid themselves bare, the eyes that showed the soul of the man Castiel had fallen in love with a long time ago.
Dean paused for a moment but conceded with a nod. Of course Sam cared. He just had his priorities wrong, that was all.
Sam flinched, but kept his voice even, “He’s dead, Dean.”
“Would it stay here? Only here?”
“Hey!” Sam said, drawing the kid’s attention back over while Dean’s face flickered through a series of painful emotions.
“Gee, that sure cleared things up. Good talk.” Dean said, making to turn for the door with a roll of his eyes.
Still, he shouldn't have pushed that blade into his hand. He definitely had to apologise. He fingered the keyring in his pocket having slipped it from the bag. Another foolish action but he seemed prone to those of late, and he wanted to give it to Dean himself.
know to be afraid.
"You're acting like a human child." Michael spat at him, "Really, Castiel, this is the best-case scenario. With Lucifer dead and Father gone I am the most powerful being in this world. When I find a way back in I can replenish Heaven. I can do more than stabilise it, I can make it into the perfect, well-oiled machine that was its original purpose, but to do that I need my sword."
"Thanks, Cas," he said, clearing his throat. "And stop looking at me like I'm gonna bite you're head off, I'm not mad. You're right, I would've taken that deal too. Just… just remember that it's not just you that's going through this, okay? It's tough on all of us. We want happiness for you, Cas, but we don't wanna lose you either. It's a weird place to be in, you know?"
"Dean, think about our lives, we currently have an archangel plotting to destroy the world, Heaven is crumbling, we've lost people and we have so much depending on us winning and that's just the past few months. Besides, having a deal hanging over you that says if you're happy you die kind of puts a damper on the good moments."
Jack's smile was a little too innocent, just a hint of forced, which only solidified that idea. Jack was just a kid, barely even a toddler by actual alive-time standards, but here he was, missing part of his soul and a possible danger to over seven billion people, sitting at their kitchen table, eating cereal with the kind of overwhelming sugar content that made Dean's teeth feel like they'd grown fur. There was no way in hell that he deserved that kind of pressure, just because he had access to immeasurable power didn't mean that he didn't deserve the chance to grow and make mistakes and learn from them like any child should.
Sam grimaced. “It’s a bit of a catch twenty-two, right? We shouldn’t go in unless we know what we’re looking for, but we can’t know what we’re looking for until we go in. I think we just have to do it.”
Sam frowned at him, clearly, that was his pre-planned speech out the window, "Okay, so what is? You don't actually expect me to believe that you don't love him back, do you? Because..." he gestured towards the photo of the diner, "you look at him that way too."
“Watching a make-up tutorial.”
“Depends on the witch. Some are killers, some are thieves, some are both.”
“If we can solve the case, we’ll find the thing, whatever it is, and hopefully we’ll find Cas and Jacob in the process.”
“That’s not what I said. I said—”
Cas pinched the bridge of his nose as he waited for the Winchesters to arrive, leaning against the door of the Corolla he’d taken from the bunker when he’d left, not even a week previously. His attempt to separate himself had been a failure apparently. He’d had a lot of time on his drive back from Nebraska to contemplate that. His first setback and he’d gone running back to the Winchesters’ last known address, unable to call them, both because his phone had been broken in the fight with Ja—
?" Jack squeaked, his hands going to his face so fast that they made an audible slapping sound.
was. Whatever Castiel had shown him had been enough. So he stood, told Dean goodnight, and left, because there was nothing else to say.
He remembered it well. A lot of his memories of his time in Heaven had gone fuzzy around the edges—probably the result of his bouncing from angel to human and back again, the loss of his grace and its diminished power—but that war... every detail was as sharp as the day it happened, like each moment had been painstakingly sketched onto glass, preserved forever.
, Sam,"
"There's nothing else to find." Dean said, insistent. "I wasn't lying when I said I believe in us, I do. Hell, we've pulled the impossible out of our asses more than once, but it feels like too big of a risk this time. Michael is gonna get out, and when he does, he's gonna try and burn this world to nothing. I can't let that happen,
Dean’s jaw twitched but he nodded and indicated they load the box into the car. “If we’re passing as feds, we can’t drive that,” he said of Rowena’s Coupe. “And you need to change. Don’t you have a suit?”
"Can I wear my new tie?" Cas asked eagerly, tugging on the one around his neck and showing it to Dean properly, it was dark blue, similar to his other one, but a slightly different shade and with a very small bee outline stitched on the end in shimmering gold thread.
He collected Sam's now-empty basket from outside his room and reflected gloomily that he was an asshole, drinking just to pass the time while his brother was suffering a kind of loss that Dean had no frame of reference for in understanding, and he had lost plenty.
“We think we know a way in,” Sam said when he reached them. “Rowena’s got a spell she thinks could help recreate a key. Though we’ll probably have to localise it to the front door only, there are too many other protective spells to try unlocking the whole thing.”
"Dean?" Castiel said with a proud tilt to his chin, though the thought of Dean having to go through that made his insides twist. "Never."
And how dangerous it is that I let him.
Dean woke from troubled dreams to the sound of his brother’s. Sam whimpered and rolled over, the sheets dropping from the bed to puddle on the carpet along with one of the extra fluffed pillows that Sam had deemed ‘too much’ the night before. Dean checked the time, 7.16 am. Not bad actually, though he didn’t feel as rested as that amount of sleep should have made him.
“I’m going to feed now,” she said, stepping around the chair to avoid the reach of his legs – smart – and resting a palm around the back of his neck.
“What is it?” Jody asked, sounding appropriately worried. Rowena felt it too, these boys had taken out the worst of the worst without batting an eye: demons, demi-gods,
Dean flipped the rag back over his shoulder and leaned his hip against the corvette. "Whether it's supposed to be or not, you're not wrong to look at it that way," Dean said, "anything can mean anything if it's argued the right way but that doesn't matter. What matters is how it makes you feel."
“To the—why?”
Dean yawned and looked up at the woman with a smirk, “Congrats, you’ve got the torture dungeon model 38.4. Pretty standard really. Sweetheart, if you’re trying to scare me, this ain’t gonna do it.”
Sam quickened his pace too and reached the turn, and his face went very still.
Dean stuck his tongue out by way of a retort and Sam laughed.
made their food, rather than the Americanised, inaccurate copy that was just a phone call away.
be alright? Especially knowing what Cas had been through. If he of all people could still smile like that then that had to mean something. Didn't it?
"Yeah, well… You've still got Sam, and he's gonna need you too."
“Nuh muh?” It was hard to believe, he barely remembered a time before the pain.
Love Tibbins xx
"About time really, I am several billion years old."
"Yes," Castiel said, shaking himself and placing a hand on the boy's shoulder, and echoing Sam's plea, "you're right, I know you're right. But we can make a plan tomorrow. For now, can we just enjoy this?"
"Because she's hurt Cas like that before," Sam said grimly, "and seeing as Cas has decided to go back to Heaven, Dean assumed she was behind it."
"Cas," Jack put in, and Cas could hear the end of the sentence before it was spoken,
Feel free to come complain at me on Tumblr (I deserve it)
He wondered if it would have been enough.
“It didn’t come up in conversation.” Cas said, glaring back. “Besides, what difference does it make? You have never had powers but that hasn’t stopped you from doing what needs to be done.”
Dean just made a face in response and turned to look at the corpse of his Hell-self. For some reason he felt sadness ball in his chest as he stared down at it, and something like grief. He swallowed hard.
Castiel drew in a shuddering breath and the scent of Dean came tangled in the air, the smell of the hops from the beer, the almost-stale sharpness of nightmare-sweat that clung to his skin, the tang of gunmetal and leather and the softness of their laundry detergent, all of it translated into the voice in his head chanting
Dean jogged a little to fall into step with Rowena.
Dean grunted, his own mouth full.
The protective ring around Dean Winchester broke and the would-be guards scattered; some fled, most died. When the last of them had been cut down, before more could come, Castiel got a look at Dean Winchester's soul for the first time. It was… horrible. It wasn't bound by rack or chains, thought there
"Maybe," Dean said, his green eyes so sad and old beyond his years, "but you can't count on hope."
"Screw you." It said, trying its best to wrench itself from Castiel's grip, but even in his weakened state, Castiel held on easily. Ignoring the soul for the moment, Castiel gingerly spread his wings, wincing as the lacerations on them pinched and  stretched. He seemed to have stopped healing almost entirely now. The pain was easier to ignore when they were moving, but it would benefit him in the long run to keep track of the damage, knowing his limitations in a fight was vital, and he knew that there would be a lot more fighting before the mission was done. The human watched him suspiciously, eyeing his wings.
“Hey, Cas?”
God, he found himself thinking. The guy did seem to have a weird kind of obsession with them after all. Maybe He thought it was funny to give them a theme song and blast it in the most unlikely of places.
Sam huffed softly, "we're Team Free Will, and I don't like it, but it's your choice, right?"
"He has
"What could you have done differently?"
“Oh, don’t cover up on my account.” Rowena said, trailing her eyes up the expanse of tanned and toned (and bruised) skin.
"Even if you could best me, stopping me means killing him." Michael said with an almost pitying look. "And you can't."
“I know, my love. I heard you.”
of you, Dean. You've come so far and you deserve the opportunity to explore in that regard... just not with me."
Lauren scoffed. “Right. No, he wouldn’t be.” Then she looked stricken and straightened up, pulling the hem of her shirt down as though to iron out the creases. “I mean… he’s the sheriff, I’m sure he’s got more important things to do than—”
They lapsed into silence, less comfortable than a silence with Sam was. Dean’s silence seemed to leak out of him, gathering into that ever-present stormcloud over his head. Rowena got the distinct impression that he was working himself up to say something, but whether he would get there before his head exploded was something that she didn’t have the patience to find out.
He was exhausted; everything at the cemetery, the amount of grace he’d had to expend just to stay alive, burning Jack and then later healing the brothers, it had all taken far more out of him than it should have.
The corner of Cas' mouth tilted upwards, "I knew you'd be difficult about this, it's why I didn't tell you."
Dean was so stunned he dropped the rest of his bagel. “So you wanna just let him go?” he said, incredulous.
Cas sidled up beside him and touched him on the shoulder,
Now that
“What if it turns out bad?” He asked quietly, “I still have no idea what I want, what if I can’t think of anything? What if she doesn’t have the right colours, or-”
If Dean felt anything other than complete and utter contrition in that moment, he would have grabbed his phone and snapped a picture because Cas' face did something he'd never seen before. A mixture of shock, a blush, a kind of mystified bafflement, a scowl and a smile all seemed to form at the same time and the result would have been comical if Dean wasn't so worried about which one would win out.
“He’s not here?”
"Don't be such a baby," Dean scoffed, "I know a wadded shirt would be better but-"
Dean looked as though he was about to flat-out deny it until he saw the look on Cas' face, instead he hesitated and placed the beer down conspicuously next to the new addition in the wood.
When they walked out, hands still clasped, Rowena let out a delighted laugh and clapped her hands together. Sam took a little longer to notice, but then his worried gaze narrowed in at where there hands joined and his face lit up.
He bought the honey mostly for Sam, who spread it on toast in the morning before his run. It was more expensive than the squeezy bottles at the supermarket, but Castiel liked to show support for Lucy. Apiaries were a fine hobby in his opinion, and he would like a hive of his own, but failing that, it was nice to support a friend.
shower."
When the next song came on, Dean sang a little louder.
“This part is,” Cas answered, kneeling in front of him, resting a hand on his non-injured shoulder and inspecting his more obvious wounds.
, but there was no changing the fact that he could have stopped all of this by sneaking out and paying a fisherman as planned. Prevention was nine tenths of the cure or something after all. He shouldn't have caved to Sam's puppy-eyes and Cas' steely glare, he shouldn't have thought about their faces when they emerged from their respective rooms to find him gone, shouldn't have let that image prevent him from even opening his door. Because he knew they cared about him, hell, if there was one goddamn thing he could be certain of it was that they cared about him. He'd never let that stop him before, never hesitated, always having the argument on hand that he was
started it?" Castiel said, raising an eyebrow, indicating his hair, which, he imagined, was almost completely white after Dean had rubbed a handful of icing sugar into it.
kill your son in revenge was a whole other level of screwed up. The fact that he hadn’t actually gone through with it was the only saving grace in this whole situation. Even if it had only ended up sparing Dean.
He hadn't had more than a single beer at a time since locking Michael in his mind-bar, had been too scared he'd get sloppy, lose concentration, let Michael out. But that hardly mattered any more, so he snagged a six-pack of beers and two unopened fifths of Johnnie Walker Black from the kitchen and stowed them in his room before re-emerging with a bottle of Borax and some heavy-duty cleaning gear. By the time Sam came back in, he planned to make sure there was no trace of what he'd done. If only it could be erased from their minds that easily.
"Don't let me stop you," Castiel said, edging into the room, "I was looking for something different to watch anyway, if you don't mind the company."
"You do," Sam cut in with a distasteful twist to his mouth. "And I've let it go because it didn't feel like my business but Cas is my friend too and it is
Rowena snatched up her bags and moved further into the suite, grumbling. Nothing had better be damaged; she had some delicate glassware in one of the cases and some easily-crushable plants for emergency spellwork. It would be just like a Winchester to destroy something only to find out later that it was essential to whatever plan they threw together last-minute.
Unbidden, tears pricked at his eyes. Cas wasn't saying anything that Dean hadn't thought himself, but to hear it said out loud brought a relief so strong that he nearly collapsed. Indeed, he did slump to to side a little before he realised that his head was almost on Cas' shoulder and he righted himself, clearing his throat.
"It's just bad dandruff," he deadpanned,
Cas turned to him then, his expression one of such openness that Dean felt his breath catch. “I do.”
of those things," Sam argued, "what security can we offer him, Cas? Everything we do the stakes are high and the losses are real. I mean… he's
The ominous statement hung in the air, thicker than the smell of tuna. For all that she thought it was strange that the angel hadn’t been in touch, she hadn’t actually been worried about him. He was an
He threw himself into the driver’s seat of the Charger and ran a hand through his hair before starting it up. Trying to somehow reinforce his crumbling mental wall with silly string. He was angry, he was hurting, and the whole situation was made worse because he
face. And even if
His hands balled together in his lap and the burble of a water heater parted the heavy silence. He sighed, deep and sad, and decided that he’d look for a case in the morning. He needed to sleep, and the thought coated his tongue sour.
Years ago, Dean would have been proud at the idea. Free will, right? Open up all the options, burn the books that state the future as fact and dance on the ashes. But now… now it felt different. Was he
"Yes?"
Naomi's eyes flicked over Dean's shoulder just as the light reached it's peak, Dean threw up his free hand to shield his eyes, "Ask him yourself," she said, and she was gone.
"It took me only moments to restore Dean's body and place his soul inside. Heaven told me that it was important he be returned exactly where his body lay, but now I think they were just being petty. I should have left him somewhere beautiful."
didn’t like. “You’ve got a satellite dish on your head.”
“But burning the bones worked?” Dean asked.
Dean was crouched in a corner defensively, but he stood when he recognised Castiel.
“Why?”
"You're beautiful."
"Yes." Castiel said simply, because it was true, and because if he understood one thing, it was change.
like a child; he didn’t think he’d ever been so vulnerable as he was in this moment, in Dean’s arms, missing his son, knowing he’d failed him, knowing he’d broken his promise to Kelly, his promise to himself, and yet, allowing that pain the space to breathe, to float around them instead of trapping it inside, it felt something like healing.
“Well they can leave us a shitty Yelp review, but this is an all-hands kinda deal.”
"How-"
When they got back up to the room, Rowena almost immediately went out again, saying she had a dress to drop off for repairs, but that they’d better not eat without her. Sam shook his head in bewilderment but knew better than to say anything. Dean scowled and said that he’d had enough of witches for one day. Rowena just stuck out her tongue at him and left.
“Oh, I know so. I raised that kid, I know what a crush looks like on him.”
“What about Jack?” He asked quietly.
made so he supposed he just stopped trying, especially if Dean insisted on taking over the kitchen anyway because he ‘didn’t trust’ Sam’s choice of food. Just because Sam didn’t want to drown himself in bacon grease. Really, he'd never felt all that comfortable in the kitchen. Food served the purpose of keeping him healthy and strong, and he definitely enjoyed a good meal, but
“No, I know.” Dean said, twisting the edge of his blood-encrusted shirt in his hands. “I mean… should we maybe find him? Bring him back to the bunker and give him a hunter’s funeral?”
in there, you used to care about that! Hell, that’s the whole reason I started this.” He tapped at his jacket where he’d stored the flask.
Sam sniffed and lifted one hand off the wheel to dab at his eyes with his sleeve.
He shuddered as he made his way down the short hallway and into the main room to peruse the breakfast menu. It hadn’t been him, not really.
“I doubt it,” Sam said, with a hard look at Rowena that she raised an eyebrow to. “From what I remember, Jacob avoided Cas from the moment he showed up. He lost his brother and sister to angels in one of their raids so he had a hell of a reason to be distrustful.”
it? I can make that happen. And then I can peel the muscle from your bones and he will feel that too. Do you think he will be cowed enough to stay quiet if he watches while his hands kill his angel pet? If I throw his consciousness back into the Hell you pulled him from, back into the clutches of that demon he's so scared of… Alastair. Would he be quiet then, with nothing but the sound of your screams in his head?"
Sam huffed a laugh and cleared his throat, "Yeah," he said, "that was a lot, and we've all been through stuff. But some stuff hits differently than others, I guess. I mean, the Bad Place wasn't great but Michael… Michael was in Dean's head, Jack. It's a different kind of- of 'big', if that makes sense."
Dean’s glare was a little more venomous than she expected. Not in the mood to joke then, fine.
They finished off their sandwiches in silence, just the gentle hum of the vehicle around them. Rowena balled up the foil and shoved it into a plastic bag at her feet and as she did so, she saw her bag, where it had slipped from her seat. She pulled it into her lap and fished out the gun.
They were only words and he
gonna leave. There's no more apocalypse, no more Chuck, no more big bad, he doesn't need us anymore!"
"Come with me, Dean Winchester."
! So until I have taken advantage of your excellent water pressure, I’m not even going to ask why you both look like you’ve been beating the stubborn out of each other.”
The pure indignation on Rowena’s face made Sam suddenly very glad that she was here. At least there was
fault Baby’s stuck in there. I shouldn’t have moved her this morning, I shouldn’t’ve—”
“Yeah. I guess we are, aren’t we?”
Castiel approached slowly and the soul mirrored him in retreat, an animalistic snarl rippling from its throat. It looked human, this soul had not yet forgotten its earthly form, though it had a permanent bloody stain streaked across its bare skin and its face was twisted in feral distrust and malice – probably a result of the barely-healed scars and open wounds criss-crossing its entire form: bite marks and the lashes from whips, knife wounds and ragged slashes possibly from some kind of saw. In some places the skin hung in flaps, in others it was tight and shiny with burns. Castiel would be capable of healing that once they got out of here, but it was a disturbing sight all the same. He extended his hand and the soul flinched back.
The ritual continued. Molecule by molecule, Dean's soul was re-shaped into what it had once been, although Castiel knew that he could not erase all of what Alastair had done.
But it did seem to follow them around. A song that old had no reason to be played on the jukebox so often by college students in bars, it had no reason to be playing in Wal-Mart or crop up every single time he re-shuffled his playlist of over 2000 songs, or added by freaking teenagers into a musical about their lives. He'd even heard it in the most religious of towns they passed through, where rock music was the devil's voice or something. He wanted to tell them that Lucifer didn't have the range.
if he ever wanted things to progress, which he did, of course. A blind man could see it, even if Dean himself remained oblivious.
in danger? He's our kid and we've gotta protect him, no matter what. That's why Cas made that deal in the first place. I get that you wanna help him, I do. But it's not just us on the line any more, you can't just go charging in and damn the consequences because I don't know about you but I can't lose Jack again."
was the cause of it… well that hurt something deeper than muscle fatigue.
"No," he growled, "there's still too much left to say."
Castiel picked up his pace, excitement swirling from his very core. The darkness was nothing to him, after all. He could still see the places where the tape was beginning to peel, and the slow lightening as the darkness became less solid when he rounded the final bend.
He didn’t
“I mean inaccessible,” he said, and then he launched into the tale of what had happened, in a little more detail than the version he’d given Jody. He described the fight with their evil selves, but then clammed up about what had been the final thing to drive them out, despite Castiel’s persistent questions, though he did also mention the apparent new invulnerability monsters had.
It seemed to take an eternity but eventually, Castiel heard him from across the war room.
"It feels like my story," Cas said quietly, almost as though he was embarrassed to admit it, "I was created, one of many, but I was never exactly what they wanted me to be, despite what I thought. I was sent to pull you from torment, only to subject you to another. I disobeyed my base programming. I have been rejected, because of my own mistakes or because I was too dangerous to have around. I was lost, and I may never be able to completely piece the memories of my life together, considering what Naomi did to me, and along the way you taught me how to fight for the good. I found a home, and I found my family, my ohana," Cas' lips twitched, "and I won't go back, even though I know Heaven could use my power, even though I might be dooming them by staying here, not just the angels but all those souls. Is that selfish of me? To betray what remains of my kind just because I like it better where I am?"
this, I thought he wanted to
Castiel waited what he considered to be an appropriate amount of time for Dean to shower and dress and take some time to re-adjust to his new-old surroundings before approaching the door to his room and raising a fist to knock on the dark wood. The sound echoed ominously through the tiles of the empty corridor and he felt suddenly like an intruder.
Sam strode up to his brother and pulled his wallet from his inside jacket pocket. He flipped it open and pulled out thirty dollars to leave on the bar. Hoping that was enough, he then tucked the wallet back inside Dean’s jacket and gave him a sharp poke.
The years passed and her boys grew, and kept growing in Sam's case. And John's trips got longer, but when Dean was around fifteen he began to join them on short ones. These trips never lasted longer than three days because they had to get back to Sammy, though why John's urgency hadn't been the same when
"Jack!" Cas said sharply and the boy fell silent.
leaned into it. It was warm and safe against his cheek, like it belonged there.
"Jack and I stopped off at a museum on the way back," he said, "we all got something, I thought you might like this."
Castiel squinted at the soul, "I don't understand."
“Hi, are you more of those agents?” He asked, his eyes bright with excitement. Rowena supposed a visit from a few feds must seem exciting to someone who lived in a place like this, where nothing happened until a monster came to town.
"Shut up."
lived
Dean fell into silence then, the air soupy with Cas’ ire and the collective tension of a really bad day. Dean hated these silences, the ones that practically forced him into his own head. He envied Sam his ability to conk out; he was too wired, jittery, and he’d already taken his nap under a zombie, dammit.
let alone a stranger.
He heard the sniff and swallow click in Sam's throat before he spoke, rounding the pyre where he'd been adding on a few more twigs.
“When...” Dean began, then he stopped, took a breath and tried again. “When we find him, I’m gonna hang back. It’s for the best. He doesn’t wanna see me and you and Sam can check that he’s okay.”
This was like meditation for him, Dean had realised; surrounding himself with all the knowledge that had ever come before, giving himself an excuse to handle it, to flip through it, to be near it. Dean got it, in a way. He journalled, kept a record of what they’d fought and how to kill it, everything they’d learned since John had died was squirrelled away in a box under his bed. He found it comforting to have a reminder of what he knew and what he had experienced. He liked to be certain, he liked to have a direct course of action, he liked to have the answer spelled out for him in black and white,
"Oh, I left it in the storage room." Cas responded to Dean's puzzled expression, "I figured I might as well finish the job you started. It was very kind of you to do that for Sam. I know it can't have been easy for you either."
fault it looks like a bakery exploded!"
“Him as a soulless douchebag and me as a demon,” he snapped. “They showed up and tried to kill us. The details aren’t important.”
"Apologies," he amended, "I didn't mean to offend you."
“I can assure you we mean you and your business no harm,” she said quickly, glancing back towards Dean with a pointed look.
He knew that his reflexes were slower than they used to be, that just because his gut screamed danger didn't mean his body could react just as fast. Experience and ability were two things that used to be in sync, but now they were starting to pull in opposite directions. How many people had died this past year alone because Dean had been too slow or not strong enough? How could he justify the junk food and the beer and the laziness when people's lives depended on him?
Dean snorted, and a new red tinge appeared on his cheeks, though it was far more endearing than the one he had just healed, "That's gotta be one of the worst pick-up lines I've ever heard."
Dean watched him go, mind churning, but when the washing machine beeped a few seconds later he dragged his eyes away from the now-empty hallway and continued with his task. Sure, there were some things about yesterday that weren't his fault at the
and you have a problem with it, keep it to yourself. If you want even the
This woman didn’t look afraid though. She didn’t have the smarmy confidence of a demon either, or the stick-up-the-ass look of an angel.
“Dean?”
"Come on, come on," he muttered, "come on, Dean, breathe."
“Yeah, well, that part of me can go screw itself,” Dean retorted, meeting his brother’s eyes, his face grim despite the jovial tone. A straight-up fist fight with themselves was not ideal. They knew how good they were; add that to demon super-strength and a lack of inhibitions and apparently
“Straight to voicemail.” Dean grunted, staring at where the gas nuzzle disappeared into the car. “Probably just turned it off or forgot to charge it or something.”
“Yeah, okay,” Sam agreed, then he paused. “Are you still mad at him, about… about Mom?”
someone. You blame Cas, even though you know, you
"And Dean laughs too loudly at crude jokes that he doesn't actually find funny, and he eats too much when other people are watching because that's what he thinks they expect, because that
She promptly shut the car door behind her, purely so she could watch the brothers tumble out the other side in a mass of limbs and curses. She hid her smile by brushing the worst of the dirt from her dress before they straightened up.
Sam chuckled, small but not without genuine humour. Then he sobered again. “I miss Jack.”
were the ones driving dangerously. She honestly almost hexed the man, but Sam’s laugh at whatever murderous look was on her face had been enough to soothe some of her ire.
and that he was okay, he was glad that Benny hadn’t been lying to him, he was relieved that their journey through Purgatory could now have an end.
“Not your freaking bellhops, witch,” Dean grumbled. He struggled a little with the cases, but followed all the same. As obedient as a puppy, that one. Just the right level of old-fashioned to feel obligated to carry a lady’s bags. Not that he would hesitate to punch her in the face if she were to betray him.
"Dean,
go on without Dean, just watching the way he had stepped up to lead in the past few weeks was testament to that. Sam was a strong leader, an excellent role-model, a seasoned warrior and a good man, but without Dean to take the edge off the constant responsibility he was struggling. Dean was the only person that Sam could truly relax around. He was comfortable around Castiel and Mary but Castiel had never been able to make him laugh so hard he doubled over, tears streaming down his face; Mary hadn't yet learned the subtle differences between his silences and sometimes she spoke when words weren't needed. Neither of them could possibly understand Sam the way that Dean did and Sam had a whole bunker full of people who needed guidance and leadership and tutelage. Shouldn't that be a factor? Sam needed his brother, the refugees from Apocalypse World needed Sam, so getting Dean back would help them all, right?
And then he’d launch into his explanation of exactly
"Why do you assume that
good. The warmth was pleasant in his stomach and the rice wasn't sticky the way most people seemed to make it and the chili itself was nicely seasoned; clearly, one of the better chefs was on kitchen duty today.
Mary nodded and her lip trembled. Sam looked as though he wanted to hug her but settled for dropping a kiss to the top of her head. Mary patted his cheek and gestured him inside, but she stepped in front of Castiel when he made to follow, folding her arms across her chest, steel in her eyes.
“That all you got, bitch?” Dean spat, because he had to, because to admit that he would rather she run him through with a sword than go through that again would be admitting a weakness he couldn’t have, not in front of the monsters.
"He said it was about time that he retired."
(See the end of the chapter for
"You should go to bed too," he said gently, "you've been pushing yourself too hard. I know you asked Bobby for extra training."
Dean snorted, “No offence, Jody, but we’re not calling it that.”
Dean shrugged, "Kinda seems like it, don't it? The world's gone quiet. Cas, no one needs you to sacrifice yourself or what you want. You can do whatever, you can… travel the world and heal babies, or save bees or you could just, you know… live here."
thing in there that might be able to kill God?”
Michael swept his strike aside and returned the attack; with a swipe of his hand, ribbons fell from Castiel's grace and he drew back with a gasp, another flick of the wrist and Michael struck deep into the remains of his wings, shaking loose several feathers and making Castiel cry out in raw agony. It was a different kind of pain to that of his vessel, more intense, less easy to ignore. Castiel couldn't even try to return the favour, his grace was depleted and now wounded, it was barely keeping on top of the most grievous injuries Michael was dishing out, his hits were hard and exact, unpredictable too, slicing through to strike at his grace or his vessel with seamless dexterity. Castiel was weakening fast, he wasn't practised at this kind of fighting; he'd never been trained to battle archangels, all of his knowledge on the subject he'd learned the human way. Dean's way.
Cas paced through the hallways of the bunker, lost in his own thoughts; not that his thoughts were anywhere in particular. It was a calm night, had been a reasonably calm week, but it was the calmest nights that he tended to stay close to Dean's room, just in case. It was only then that Dean's head would settle enough for him to-
Love Tibbins xx
"Yeah?" He called, wincing at the suspicion in his voice, sure,
getting through the rest to experience. And it's hardand it's scary because everything else tells you that it won't last, that you didn't earn it, but you don't
"Well, you're on laundry so perhaps it balances out." Castiel said, picking up his trenchcoat, which was splattered with egg, flour and icing sugar and handing it to Dean.
“From what I recall,” Rowena confirmed. “Why were you so reluctant to speak to him?”
Scouting by area narrowed his options even further, until he landed on a case in Cope, Colorado. Cas stared at the online map and felt that same anger from the cemetery crackle through him. He dared his Father to laugh at this poor joke. He was almost tempted to find another case entirely but it was only a few hours from where the Winchesters were currently staying and if they moved he would still likely be within the day’s drive that he’d promised. So he wrestled with his pride and allowed practicality to win out. Cope it was.
like about motels too; he didn’t like how each one was different enough to never really feel familiar; he didn’t like that sometimes he’d wake up and couldn’t remember if he was in Connecticut or Boston. He didn’t like the tiny bottles of liquor in the mini-fridge and after having had his own fully-equipped kitchen for the past several years, he didn’t like not being able to make anything more complicated than Weetabix. He didn’t like that it never felt clean. Even if he scrubbed down the shower himself before he used it, the fluctuating pressure or hot water or sometimes just the
"Tell me
Sam nodded, "Yeah," he said, "a little too much sense actually."
Dean stood there then, staring up at what had been his home, his mother; knowing that they were gone and not knowing why. He was cold, everything smelled of smoke and his throat was sore. He didn’t move while his dad walked around with Sam to soothe him, or when he draped a blanket around Dean’s shoulders. He only moved when a real red fire truck parked outside his house, but that was because an ambulance was there too and he was being guided into the back with his father’s hand steady on his shoulder.
“And me and Benny… I won’t stop.”
Love Tibbins xx
Dean's eyes were strange things. They were green, which was not unusual, though they had flickered black a few times since Castiel had taken him. Again, considering the position Castiel had found him in, that should be unsurprising. But while a lot of the souls here had had eyes glazed over with pain or apathy or fear or even acceptance of their fate, Dean's were sharp and alert. They calculated everything and projected nothing and he seemed suspicious, guarded and careful. It was intriguing to say the least. Perhaps there was indeed more to this human soul than he had first thought.
Dean sighed and took a seat. He wished again that Sam was here and
Castiel pressed his lips together, "Don't you think it's worrying that you can outdrink an angel?"
He emerged at the base of a small, grassy hill. In the summer the hill was usually adorned with a rainbow of wildflowers but now, in April, there were only a few early bloomers, pops of white the only colour he could really discern in the dark.
of manipulating things for my own gain?" Her eyes sparked blue-white and Dean stepped back, reflexively raising his weapon.
, he knew that what he did mattered, that he and his friends and his son were making a real difference to real people. It couldn't always be reunion celebrations and movie nights but overall he was more than satisfied with the decisions that had led him here.
"Damn," Sam said, "did it get splashed that much?"
“You’d be best going to talk to Dylan.” Lauren answered. “What I know comes from him anyway so you might as well skip the middle-man. Call me if you need somethin’, we don’t have much in the way of resources here but I can put out an APB or ask around town.”
“If you’re not conscious by the time it gets here, I’m eating your pancakes.”
Now, Castiel understood that Dean was an attractive man. He had very symmetrical features, he was tall—though he didn't always look it when he stood next to Sam—and he had a boyish charm that was illogical considering Dean was forty years old. But it wasn't the way his hair spiked up when he ran a hand through it, or the way the sun brought out his freckles, or even the dimples that only appeared with irritation; no, those things were beautiful but they didn't invoke that feeling.
“What? What is it?” Rowena asked, cursing her shorter legs. She reached them both a few seconds later, followed Sam’s eerily blank gaze and her heart sank.
“Get to the point,” Dean said in a clipped tone, his voice too harsh, too uncaring. He heard the echo of the Dean from that 2014 that never was and he hated himself for it.
Castiel sensed rather than heard Dean's flinch,
"Apparently he already knows," Sam said, his lips pursing,
try to help with the re-organising on the floor, he wasn’t suicidal) and he would pass Sam the next few books in the sequence to be carefully slotted into place.
“You said we were real.” And
"Not entirely."
“I think hunting sounds more useful,” Castiel said immediately. “I—I don’t… I don’t think it’s a good idea for me to come back just yet.”
“Dark hair, messy, beige coat?” Walter asked. Then, at Sam’s hopeful look, shot them down. “He was here, but he missed his checkout time yesterday. I figured being a fed he just needed some more time and that he’d settle up, but I ain’t seen him. I was actually gonna go clean out his room tomorrow if he didn’t show. It being a weekend and all.”
"So what about you? Are you gonna stick around?"
without the caveats of possible danger or tactical advantage getting in the way, if only until the story ended and Jack peppered Cas with further questions, bouncing around topics, Sam adding in odd facts or questions of his own, debate and deep discussion, the sounds of his family, comfortable and well-fed and unhurried and safe. Dean closed his eyes and just listened.
warning he kind of wanted it to be.
"What?" Jack snapped, "it's
“That’s not true!” Sam said hotly, slamming his hands down on the table. Dean and Rowena both stared at him.
, but blood loss and pain could do all sorts of funky things. He pressed a little harder to the wound and hissed as it shot lightning through all his pain receptors.
Come find me on Tumblr
"It's me, may I come in?"
“I’m not gonna stop you if you wanna start wearing stuff, Cas.” Dean said, the words wrenching at his insides more than it should.
“But Chuck wants us out. So that means the answer of how to stop all this has gotta be in here somewhere!” Sam tried to veer off towards the library but Dean yanked him back and roughly shoved him at the stairs instead.
talking to the cops, and feds were a whole other step up. She honestly didn’t know when the boys had abandoned all their other aliases. They’d told her stories about cases where they posed as the forestry service, or teachers, or doctors. Constantly impersonating FBI agents seemed rather dull by comparison.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean had always known that everyone he loved had a shelf-life. Those who helped them too much or got too close were targeted by whatever evil they were chasing down, or ended up sacrificing themselves so that the Winchester brothers could carry on with the crazy plan they’d come up with. Every time it ripped him apart from the inside, but he could
Dean grumbled but stopped shuffling, “Dude, you look worse than I feel.”
Then he’d splutter something indignant and unintelligible (but
Then John stumbled backwards and spun, saw Dean and pressed Sammy into his arms.
“No,” Dean interrupted firmly, only his eyes betraying his anxiety. “You couldn’t.” He quirked his lips up a little then, and his eyes turned kind. “But thanks anyway.”
“They already want to kill us, what does it matter?”
It didn't fall silent or anything, everyone was too busy, too distracted. He realised suddenly that he had heard Dean's voice before that statement, coming down the corridor from the direction of the garage but he hadn't registered it, because to him it was so ingrained into the very bricks of the bunker. But as soon as it rang out, loud with an edge of defensive, Castiel's head jerked up from a map that Maggie was showing him and his eyes zeroed in on Sam, exhausted but happier than he had been in weeks. His eyes slid over to the man next to him, his sandy hair gelled strangely—though it looked like he'd run his hand through it several times to muss it back into spikes—and his heart stuttered. Dean, looking tense and overwhelmed in a tailored waistcoat and shirt that looked good but didn't suit him. For a few moments, all Castiel could do was stare. Dean was back, he was
"I mean, from before. You know about my life, right? That I was a hunter and we killed a lot of bad things?"
from Michael here, I was supposed to protect them, I was supposed to lead them. And even though I
"Are you all right?" He muttered quietly, barely audible over the crackle of flames and popping wood.
He smiled slightly as he riffled through the food they had available. They were pretty well-stocked. Hunters needed feeding after all, and the past few weeks there had been a lot of 'em to feed. He figured they should use up as much as they could before it started to go off, even if there was way more than the four—well
"Yes." Cas said, as though he hadn't just set Dean's head spinning. "We're going to have to talk more, at length. I haven't forgiven you, Dean, I don't think I can just yet. But I understand why you acted the way you did, at least for the most part. Either way, now that I know that I
Perhaps it was the calm, or the music, or the lighting, but as one they stopped swaying, stopped pretending that this moment could be anything other than closeness; it wasn’t an activity, it was a
Sam had barely left his room the past few days and Dean had hardly slept. He walked around the bunker seeing all the empty spaces where Cas should be, leaning against the counter in the kitchen, sat at one of the tables in the library, pacing the corridors at night.
Studying the sky, he twisted himself to face East, where the grey was beginning to mingle with rays of yellow, and waited. The hill he was on gave him a good line of sight to the horizon, so he watched the stars begin to fade around that focal point of golden light, the sky easing from almost black to a brilliant indigo followed by burnt orange as the sun peeped over what looked like the edge of the world. Light spilled over his hill, revealing soft pinks and deep purples, bright yellows and earthy browns and more shades of green than he could name. He watched as colour return to the world, the sky seeming to bleed its hues to the ground below, leaving it almost bleached, just the slightest hint of blue, the wispy clouds barely visible against it, and he thought that Chuck had at least done one thing right.
“You’re right,” Sam said quietly, holding his hands out and taking a half-step forward, even as his heart beat loudly in his ears. “You’re right. Sometimes we... we lose sight of that. In the middle of a fight it’s easier to just grab a weapon and keep swinging. And I tell myself that I’ve saved every person that demon would have killed, but... I know it’s a lot of blood to wash off.”
They went down together, Soulless Sam willingly, rolling along the curve of his spine, using Sam’s own force against him and flipping him over so he was once more lying on the concrete, on his front this time, winded and a little dizzy.
in the past few days of fury and fucked-up decisions.
Awww yeah, I love me these women! I don't think I've ever written in Claire's perspective before so this was really fun for me.
he was safe. Jack had pushed his way over and almost without realising, Castiel found himself moving too, a strange half-jog that he couldn't control, his eyes never leaving Dean, even as Jack reached him first.
"I thought you liked it when I understood your references."
He wasn't like Sam, capable of using that knowledge to strategically squeeze the most out of every moment like a game of life-tetris. No. Give Dean a blade and a mission and send him into the murky field of
that he didn't have to bunk with Michael for the next 140,000 years? Absolutely, but the idea that there was no written end left him surprisingly uneasy. It was a strange thing, knowing your death; seeing it coming was one thing, starting on a path that only had one end, he'd done that many a time, but holding it in his hands, reading the words written by the freaking universe, that was something else entirely.
Dean reached for the door and opened it; a blast of heat and smoke almost knocked him backwards. Fire… there was a
(See the end of the chapter for
However long he’d been here it had been enough time for him to repeat Cas’ final words over and over again a hundred times. That entire speech was seared into him now, every word a needle-prick of pain that at the time he hadn’t been able to comprehend. The initial spark of hope that Cas had a way to save them from Billie, the bomb-drop of some kind of deal he’d struck, a rumination on his happiness and then a slew of compliments for Dean. He’d practically got whiplash trying to follow Cas’ train of though. And then he’d started crying.
make Sam feel better. He’d spent his life manoeuvring around his whims and trauma and it was only just now hitting Sam that he had no idea how to do the same. He’d never needed to, his mere presence had always been enough. What did he do now that it wasn’t?
to stop. He knows it’s a crutch and he just keeps leaning because it’s all he knows how to do.”
a barn." It was nothing more than rubble now; splinters, an overturned brass bowl, the skeleton of an archangel's wings and far too many memories.
, Castiel knew that he wasn't ready to lose him.
But it had gone for Sam, which meant that
Dean just rolled his eyes and said nothing.
one of them. Do you understand?"
"Yeah," Sam put in, clearly whatever was showing on Dean's face warranted a distraction, "being possessed, it's… well, it sucks. But what Dean did was a step further. Just goes to show how strong he is, right?"
“They were headed to a make-out spot?” Dean managed.
“I’m sorry.”
“Could you still care for me? Despite everything?” Cas’ voice was unsure now, trembling almost.
“Yeah,” Dean said breathlessly. He’d be lying if he said that he wasn’t completely in awe of Cas at that moment. Out of all of them he had lost the most, he had more right than any to retreat into cynicism. Instead he was hopeful, bright, resplendent with determination.
"Yeah, I'll bet!" Sam exclaimed, sounding exasperated. "You just confirmed his worst goddamn fear." He stood and ran a hand through his tangled hair as he began to pace, "You didn't see him when you were dead, Cas. He was a mess, and I don't mean a normal, grieving a friend kind of mess, he was
"Look, these things you're doing, cleaning up, doing my laundry, they're sweet and I really appreciate them, I do. I get that you're trying to make things easier on me. And honestly, I kinda need it, I'm not… I'm not doing so good. But that doesn't mean I want you to burn yourself out. These things, they're kindnesses to help me out, okay? They're
Rowena didn’t even dignify that with a raised eyebrow.
to go to shit.
Dean shrugged. He hadn't counted and he didn't know them well enough to know off the top of his head but it didn't matter. Sam probably knew exactly how many more there were, he probably knew all of their names and counted them friends, he'd probably joined them at meals and laughed with them, he'd been 'Chief' after all; he'd known these people, cared about them, and now they were all dead.
Kind of like the words he should have said before Cas got devoured by black ooze.
They came out a quarter of an hour later, Cas carrying an unconscious, bloodied woman. They laid her gently in her backseat, her head resting against the angel’s thigh, her breathing already eased. Cas would heal the victims of their worst injuries, but keep enough so that it wouldn’t raise suspicion when they dropped them off at the nearest hospital. Baby disliked the feeling of blood on her upholstery, a feeling she was unfortunately accustomed to, but she knew it was a petty concern to have, so she dutifully tried to keep from jostling too much when they passed over speed bumps or potholes.
“Well, I did. I thought it must be important if you were calling me at two in the morning.”
Jack held on for another moment, then stepped back and nodded. He blushed when he turned to see Castiel in the doorway and used the marble turtle as an excuse to duck his head, pressing it into Cas' hand on the way out.
"So?"
"That's right, we don't."
"I know!" He said, pained, "I know I'm being selfish. I know this is Cas' choice and it's to save Jack, I
Vices - Sam and Cas talk about Dean's alcoholism.
Castiel looked at Dean sometimes and he could feel it happening; the slow build of the bone-deep warmth and intensity that he couldn't put a word to. It started somewhere behind his gut, just south of his heart; from there it spread, gushing into his chest to fill that entire cavity before tendrils began to snake upwards, throbbing comfort into his neck, joy in his cheeks, a flash of recklessness in his ears. The feeling would bubble out in seconds like soda going flat, but it didn't leave behind the coldness one would expect, instead, it always left him with a lingering thought, the same one every time,
The second the door closed, Giva let out a long sigh. “Perhaps you can speak more easily now,” she said. “I notice you very much want his approval.”
anything, but there was no harm in indulging his crush a little.
He always knew he'd go back there.
“That would be… incredibly accurate.”
Cas nodded and forced a smile. “Sam, cut his hands free, I can’t heal much in here, the warding is strong.”
Him and Sam against the world, that’s all he’d ever needed, all he’d ever wanted. But then Bobby had taken them in, and Cas had betrayed Heaven for them, and he’d met Ellen and Jo and Ash and Kevin and Charlie and Claire and Jody and his little family had just kept growing and Sam just wasn’t
After Dean had realised that Sam couldn’t make this not real any more than he could, he went back to staring at the imprints in the dust of the road as though they would tell him something that made more sense than the fact that his best friend was dead. The shapes didn’t change. Huge black wings that were missing clumps of feathers in places; unhealthy looking, but they looked better than Dean remembered from the last time he’d seen the shadows of Cas’ wings. Either they had begun to heal in the past few months, or he was misremembering because the look of shame on Cas’ face as those wings were brought into view had accompanied them. They looked smaller too, laid out next to a wheat field in bumfuck nowhere, just a few yards from a spot that teenagers came to fondle at each other in the dark.
"Yeah," Jack agreed, "I suppose so. It's just strange, him being so quiet."
It took Sam a good few seconds to even notice his brother’s demon doppelgänger next to his own. There were no black eyes on this one though, and he wasn’t holding a weapon. It was just Sam; albeit a Sam that clearly worked out at least twice as much as he already did. It was only the relaxed slope of his shoulder, wry smile and empty eyes that gave him away.
He was such a freaking idiot. What had he been
Had he been watching? Was he
He pulled into their spot in the motel parking lot and resigned himself to a further ten minutes coaxing Dean out of the car again. After a lot of cursing, yanking and threatening, Sam managed to hoist his brother into semi-walking and although the steps appeared to be too tricky for Dean to understand, they made it inside without too much hassle.
making sure Jack had someone keeping an eye or two on him at all times?
“All of it.” Dean nodded and then straightened his legs to stand before reaching out a hand to help Cas up too. “Well that’s just peachy isn’t it?”
Cas’ head tilted though his eyes never left the screen. “Because I really like how this woman has done her eyes and I wanted to learn how.” He shrugged and sat back a little, folding his arms across his chest. “But it looks very complicated.”
"Dean," Cas said quickly, before he was gone, before this moment could collapse back into time regulated by seconds too easily squandered, years too easily spent waiting.
“Or it might not have been him,” Sam said, desperately reaching. “Or he might have found someone...”
Only, when he exited his room, feeling clean and more awake, there was no blood trail. Confused, he headed to the kitchen. He should probably eat something. Hell, he should probably
. He hit the wall and the blade was knocked from his hand again. Dean had been pinned to the opposite wall and they exchanged wide-eyed looks.
"I will stop you." Castiel said. Not his finest of retorts perhaps but Michael was right, the archangel was the far superior warrior.
"Alastair!" The soul screeched, suddenly frightened, "Alastair!"
“Nuh!” Dean yelled. He knew what that meant. It meant a hand on his neck, it meant more agony, it meant-
better and it makes me want to be that guy so that I don't let him down." He let out a mirthless chuckle, "hell of a reason not to want your best friend to die, right?"
Castiel grumbled but refrained from mentioning the fact that Dean would have little to no say in the matter if it came to that, but his anger dimmed into a warm glow that he didn't quite understand, unexpectedly touched at Dean's obvious wish for him to stay alive.
came out far too much like begging for his pride to be comfortable.
Sam inhaled as though to speak, then he paused, and the breath came out as a warm chuckle. Even Dean snorted in amusement.
I'm not sure I did my idea justice but I'm happy with at least some of it. Curse these time constraints!
They’d never really been a team, the way that Jack had been part of the Winchesters’ team, and it was only after Fergus was dead that she’d even thought about wanting it. It was simpler to think only of herself, to have her son and the Winchesters as allies-cum-enemies depending on the circumstances, but ultimately only being able to rely on her own wit and brain. It was a little chaotic, but it was at least more interesting that way, and she really
"What is your name? You never said."
He liked curling up with a book and too many blankets, a mug of hot chocolate at his side.
Sam nodded but said nothing more. Cas had healed him of his hangover, he felt bad about not doing it earlier but his mind hadn't exactly been focused.
There was a muffled scuffling sound and Dean shook his head, trying to clear his ears. He was pretty sure they were blocked with blood. Everything tasted, smelled and looked like blood here, and he didn’t even have a deal to take that would make it stop.
His phone was in his hand though he didn’t remember taking it out. His finger landed on Cas’ contact picture, with two s’s just because it irritated him ("My full name only has
It would have been easier for Cas if he wasn’t so kind.
Rowena shook her head. “You’re going to have to tell him, and soon,” she said. “Before we try to reclaim the bunker at least. If it turns out that all you can do is distract other Dean, you’re going to have to be fast, and that means you need to know what you’re actually looking for. If Dean goes searching for the gun and can’t find it...”
He wanted to erase everything, tear it all down just so He could make something new spring from the ashes that would be less
. His eyes were fire. “That’s not what I said and you know it’s not true.”
Because it would mean carving my heart open to release him
Dean gently pushed his brother away, eyes still toying with the edge of his bedsheet.
"Yes," drawled Michael, "I heard about Heaven." His eye caught on the black paint smeared over the walls and he paused, apparently noticing their surroundings for the first time. He tilted his head to the side and looked back at Castiel.
“I know. If you did then I’d feel differently I think,” she said, the truth in her words giving them warmth. “And small comfort though it may be, the reason you’re trusted is because your intentions are good, always, even if you don’t always know what to do. So maybe you don’t need other people placing their trust in you to figure it out. Maybe you just need to trust yourself.”
"Dean," he murmured back, nosing along the snap of Dean's jaw, hoping that his own devotion filled the word, the name that crowded his thoughts, that made him think of safety and warmth and home. There was no one he'd rather pray to. Dean's scent filled his nose, heady and glorious.
Sam’s eyes stayed resolutely on his plate, as though looking up was the trigger to jump-start whatever was coming next. Dean stayed at the table watching him, though he had practically shovelled down his breakfast in record time. He waited until Sam had taken the last bite before he decided to break the ominous quiet.
The phone rang six times before Cas answered, it felt like months.
“If I were you, I’d refrain from any more of your hilarious one-liners,” The angel growled, tightening his grip on the wheel. “I’m not in the mood.”
Dean ended up browsing through the racks at a thrift store with Rowena complaining loudly about the smell, offering to buy him and Sam an entire new wardrobe if they could just leave.
mean something," Cas insisted. "You mean a lot, you mean
A decade ago, that was all Dean had ever needed to hear. His brother safe and by his side was everything he’d thought he could ever want, the most he’d thought he could ask for. He felt a pang as he looked at Sam now, his hazel eyes looking almost bruised with the purple shadows under them, his hair curling a little at the ends from his morning shower. He looked as relaxed as one could considering what they still faced and grief weighing heavy. It should be enough, he thought. He hated that it wasn’t.
“And if you were to permit me to touch you,” Cas continued, “I would consider it an honour beyond all else.”
“It’s so nice to see new faces,” she said airily. “I thought I knew all the witches in Kansas.”
“Whatever.” He looked at Rowena, who was just packing the last of her purchases into her bag. “Are we done here?”
Thanks for reading!
(See the end of the chapter for
After flinging the bag into the dumpster he was suddenly hit with a wave of dizziness, so strong that his vision greyed out and his knees buckled beneath him. He ended up holding himself half in the dumpster, retching onto the garbage while fuzzy sounds swam around him, like someone was yelling at him from underwater. Then, just as suddenly his vision was back with sharp focus. He blinked and pulled his head back out of the dumpster, letting the cleaner, less disgusting air scrape against his throat on the way in. Man, he hadn't had a withdrawal attack like that in over a week, he'd thought he was over them by now. Great. His arms felt itchy, the way they did when they were crusted with pizza dough or blood. The kind of itchy that was uncomfortable, that made him want to take a shower and scrub himself raw. He wasn't sure where the itch came from, it had been happening now and again, trauma probably; hell, most of whatever weird feelings he got could be put down to trauma of one kind or another, but he found that engine oil soothed it like aloe on bad sunburn. First though, he was going to swig some mouthwash to get rid of the taste of acid.
“Yeah, about that,” Sam said, nodding to the car. “Can we get a ride? We’re kinda...”
that was how he rolled. Having a date and a time and a two sentence description felt like telling a joke punchline first, what was the point? What was he supposed to do? What did Death's books say now? Had they re-written themselves again or were they just pulsing static because once again the Winchesters had defied what was meant to be? There were no other options, no alleyways of choice, that had been
“Hey.” Dean growled. He debated taking the remaining chair but the idea of getting comfy with two witches, only one of which he kind of trusted, went against pretty much all his training.
yourself for that?" Castiel asked incredulously, though he shouldn't be surprised, the amount of unnecessary guilt that these two brothers piled onto themselves was astounding and would have long since buckled any other human.
He had never been one for religion, how could he be? Demons had been real to him since he was six years old but there were no old hunter's stories about their opposite, nothing to suggest that there was any kind of creature out there that wasn't completely evil. He knew that Sam used to pray, but the idea that there was something listening had always been absurd to him.
The zombie in front of him fell and then Cas was standing there, trenchcoat in tatters, red and black blood staining his once-white shirt. He looked mostly unhurt: a split lip, a few scratch marks but nothing major. Angel grace, Sam figured.
have an emergency to deal with the morning after it was earned.
"He has those things."
"So maybe he's right. Let's just stick around here and see what happens."
on it. Who knew if Cas was even interested in that kind of thing? Sure, he'd slept with April, but he'd been human and probably just wanted to try it out seeing as Dean was always cracking stupid jokes about how great sex was. He'd certainly expressed no interest in anyone before or since (unless he counted Meg, which Dean was still trying to scrub from his memory so no, he wasn't counting Meg) and was incredibly uncomfortable whenever he got hit on, his eyes getting all big and scared in what Dean called his
Sam finally tore his eyes away from his phone to meet his eyes. His face was carefully blank in the kind of way that immediately sent anxiety pinging through his brain.
"And?" Sam's voice was strained to snapping.
It felt like all of Castiel's organs had spontaneously vanished, leaving him empty and unable to breathe, he was lucky, he supposed, that he didn't need to, but he had grown accustomed to the habit and now that it had been ripped from him it felt wrong, like this whole thing felt wrong.
He deserved it, of course. He’d tried to kill Jack. He
leaving me here alone, you understand?!"
He let go quickly and checked the weight set on the machine, 185. Come on! What the hell was in Sam's smoothies?
“Oh, so you’re telling me that you wouldn’t be pissed that we drove all the way out here, worried about the guy, to find out that he was just too busy getting his rocks off to send a text?”
When they celebrated it, Sam liked Christmas. For Christmas Day itself, hunting permitting, Jody would invite them to Sioux Falls for a good meal, an exchanging of gifts and a gathering of friends. There was no tree, because Cas refused point-blank to top it with a crude imitation of his kin, and no religious aspect because they all agreed that it was just too weird to praise Chuck, but that didn't matter; there would be mulled wine in abundance and Claire poking fun at Cas' text speak and the swapping of stories and a roaring fire in the grate. Dean and Donna would 'help' Jody in the kitchen (which of course meant that they would try to avoid Jody's spatula when she caught them sneaking pieces of turkey or mini sausages) and Sam would find himself in an armchair by the fire, talking with Patience and Alex until he was called to help serve.
“That’s right.” The voice sounded strained. “I’m going to heal you now, as much as I can.”
By the time Rowena returned with freshly washed and filled mugs the phone was black and silent and Sam looked grim but a lot calmer than he had at the beginning of the call. It was easy to forget amidst the ever-shifting tension and drama between the elder Winchester and the angel, that Castiel had struck up a deep friendship with Sam as well. Rowena thought it was actually a little unfair on him, what with Dean calling all the shots about when the angel got to stay or go.
"Yeah, like it means somethin', not just a name, you know? But
Castiel sat on the steps of the library. His posture was no longer the ramrod-straight—or as Dean would say, "angel blade up his ass"—thing that it had been when he first met the Winchesters; life and exposure to the best and worst of humanity had cured that particular angelic trait. Now, his shoulders were rounded under an invisible weight and his fingers toyed with the hem of his coat.
“I know, but… would you help me? I don’t want to end up disappointed and I don’t know how to tell if a parlour is a good one or not.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cutting all ties it was then… for now.
"Why did you come here, Dean?" Cas asked quietly. "After all this time, why now?"
"No, you didn't. You don't get to make choices. You're just playing your part. You might have managed to help delay it but you couldn't stop it. True vessels will always accept their fate."
"Stop it." Cas said eventually, thunking the mug down on the table and causing coffee to slosh over and onto the table, "Stop blaming yourself. It's not your fault, none of it. You didn't lower your guard, you got hurt on a hunt, it happens. And you weren't in that coffin because Sam and I convinced you not to be. And I don't regret that, Dean, even after everything, I don't regret it." Those blue eyes burned hotter than the coffee, earnest and fierce and good and so, so wrong. Dean looked away again, staring into his stained mug, only the dregs left now. Dean downed it anyway.
of the Creator to kick like a petulant toddler at all of the precarious systems that allowed this world to function. The Empty, Heaven, Hell, Purgatory, the Veil, not of the world but essential to it; all of them in turmoil, ignored or exacerbated by the one who called Himself God.
“Didn’t know if you’d pick up.”
Sam broke off with a wistful grin.
"Nah," Dean said, "you're different."
That the freedom I fought for
“Sounds to me like Cas solved the case and moved on.” Dean said once they were all back in the car. “No domestic calls since he left, things have been good. He must’ve ganked what needed ganking.”
“So...”
"Successfully, too," she added, "He'd killed many simulations of you before he failed in that crypt. It took a lot of training to get him to that point, I'm still not sure what went wrong."
"Dean-"
All your opinions are greatly appreciated and I want to know them all!
“I trust his judgement,” Cas said, carefully.
“Uh, hi, Mister agent dude? It’s Dylan, from Rosco’s? Um… I think you need to come get your partner...”
When she returned a few minutes later, her hair bound back in a ponytail and her suit—blue, crisp and perfectly tailored—looking far better than the cheap and slightly crumpled monkey suits the brothers had been wearing all day, she found Dean scuffing the toe of his boot in the dirt while he waited. Sam’s head was visible in the car, in the rear seat, she noticed with delight, and Dean quickly ushered her in and they were off. While she’d been changing, Dean got directions from Walter and the drive wasn’t long. They pulled up in front of a building that she might have mistaken for a school if not for the sole police car in the lot.
Dean felt the sting as those words sliced through him, "What?"
Sam chimed in, “I hate to say it, but Dean has a point. All of these bodies were stabbed in the head, we can’t just start a rumour of an earthquake or something.”
"Because it's taken me this long to figure it out." Dean replied. "And to grow the stones to actually say it. I'm not here to ask your forgiveness or to beg you to come back, I don't expect anything. You have every right to hate me. But you deserve at least an apology, and I wanted you to know your options. I just- I want you to be
