There was a kerfuffle in the tech world when it was revealed he was running the company from a small town in the mountains of Maryland, but then Musk did something stupid, and Tony’s eccentricities were back to being history.
“Tony.” Steve put his hand on the other man’s shoulder and was gratified to find it still, not shaking with any residual chemicals from the panic attack. “I’ll be going now, but honestly, I can stay.”
Tony never meant to make Steve uncomfortable, and that’s why they were still together. Lots of negotiations, lots of spats, lots of full-out fights, but they’d built a life together.
“Rhodey, stop it. This summer isn’t about that.”
Steve took a deep breath. “Yes, absolutely. Send the car, I’ll be in it.”
“Guard your carnal treasure,” Bucky said, as was tradition.
“Yeah,” Tony said. “We’re good.”
“I’m fine, Steve, this isn’t what I pay you for,” Tony said wearily.
“He gets to make his own choices soon, and you get to make all your own now, so I know I’ve got borrowed time to have that opinion, but it’s the one I have,” Tony finished. “You two are my entire world, and the idea of experimenting happening anywhere near you makes me break out in hives.”
“I’m a warlock,” Steve countered.
“Oh, god, what did you do?” Bucky asked.
At the time, Steve had heard that Tony didn’t think he was sophisticated enough to understand, that Tony thought he was naïve, or dumb. Tony was trying, instead, to protect him. He put a thousand other puzzle pieces together in an instant and then blinked at Bucky rapidly.
“No way,” Tony said to the room. “No fucking way. No FUCKING way.”
Tony nodded. “I have no idea how long I was there, but at some point, this guy sat down and talked me through the panic attack. He helped me breathe, and then noticed I was shivering, and gave me his jacket. Figured he knew who I was and was looking for a reward of some sort, so I gave him the code.”
“You’re Howard’s -”
“Yes,” Steve said, peering at Bucky. “What’s going on?”
Steve laughed. “What did you tell me once? My heart is always in the right place, even when my brain isn’t?”
His eyes weren’t just bloodshot, they were sunken. Steve wasn’t a physician or anything, but he’d seen a few episodes of
In the sunshine, Tony looked stunning. His smile was wide, his goatee well trimmed, and he was in clean clothes for the first time in weeks. Steve figured it was all for the man in uniform climbing out of the helicopter and wasn’t quite sure what to do with the feeling in his chest.
I know it's what you want
,” Tony repeated.
During Tony’s monologue, Steve had begun to avert his eyes away from Tony. He paid very close attention to how the door to the ER room wasn’t quite level - summers as a construction worker in high school had never really left him - and how the smell in the room matched the one that always came home with Tony after a long shift. He did not look at his husband of eight years, because he knew what he’d see.
“Our stuff isn’t school safe yet,” Peter said quickly. “Those tests are -”
“55%,” Dr. Cho called out.
) shoulders.
“Because I don’t want to do this if you’re taken.”
Sure enough, a few moments later, Bucky was back with a glass of ice water. “It’s 7:30, don’t forget your nitro.”
“We are actually agreed,” Tony clarified.
A flash of something positively terrifying went across Brock’s face before he rearranged back to pleasantry. “No problem, babe. Just text me when you’re done here.” He leaned down and captured Steve’s mouth in a particularly possessive kiss and then left the room.
“Baby,” Steve said quietly. “I know how to hold my body to not let that happen. Between the choice of my knee or my spine, I’m going to choose my knee.”
It wasn’t just that he was gorgeous - gorgeous men are a dime a dozen in Manhattan and Tony should know, as he’d slept with most of them. It wasn’t just that he was an incredible musician - they weren’t exactly hard to come by. No, there was something more about Steve Rogers. He was a puzzle that Tony craved to solve.
“Summoned from Atlantic City already, Sir,” JARVIS replied. “Arriving in approximately 10 minutes.”
“I can remember my own meds,” Steve snapped.
“Can I get your name?” Steve asked.
“Um, getting married?” Bucky said.
“Here, Tony,” Steve said through a throat choked with tears.
He was on his knees, with his face buried into a pillow, and his ass stuffed with a knotted cock. Tony was running his hands up and down Steve’s sides as they both caught their breath. He then guided them both to their sides on the bed, and curved himself into Steve’s back in a way that had Steve’s heart doing flippity flops unbefitting an alpha.
“You’re impossible,” Tony huffed, but licked his lips in a smile and accepted the proffered bottle.
Steve was an employee. Employees did not get emotionally attached to bosses. The look in Steve’s eyes, the concern in his voice, all of that had to have another explanation.
Something passed over Tony’s face that Steve struggled to identify. “I was, I really was. I still am.”
“So you’re having fun?” Bucky took a long pull on his beer as Steve kept shelling peas.
“He can’t know,” Tony said firmly into the darkness.
“Buddy, go get your fella. I’m not getting out of here anytime soon.”
“That’s two and a half months,” Steve said slowly. “How often do you need things lifted?”
Steve’s inner monologue always sounded like Bucky - especially when he was being an idiot.
“What’s with the twilight swim, Tony?” Steve asked.
and knock on doors?”
Bucky and Steve had been best friends since elementary school, and Steve was truly thrilled to see his friend this happy. He and Sam had spent years dancing around each other, and it had been a great relief to their entire friend circle when they’d finally started dating. The idea to get married had actually been the result of Nat scolding them over being dumbasses the night before at the bar.
“Hey, listen man, can we pay you? We seriously need, what, maybe an hour?” Bucky pleaded. “An hour of your life, and we’ll rake the sand back, or whatever you want. Honest mistake, but we’ve set some shit in motion, and…. Well…” Bucky ran his hand through his hair. “I’d like to get married today. I’ve been in love with this guy for a long time, and if I don’t go through with it today, I may lose my nerve.”
“Steve.”
“Well, that’s bullshit,” Bucky replied. “If he can forgive you for the Great Cheese Incident of 2019, he can forgive you for anything.”
He began to tell Dum-E all about his day, but as soon as he mentioned Ana’s recipe, the bot began to beep in a way that usually meant he had something to share that was too complicated for their usual communication. Tony didn’t really want to talk to JARVIS, which was his usual method of Dum-E translation, so he had to revert to an older way. Digging around, he found his tablet, and pulled up a communication board.
Tony chuckled. “Brooklyn’s bigger than one street in London.”
Tony still went undercover, but he’d resigned from the CIA. Freelance, he considered himself, but mostly it was because he longer he hid, the more he wanted to be seen, and living in Boonsboro allowed that.
Steve shook his head incredulously. “I have no idea what you’re talking about. Brock is an orphan, and he’s working three jobs right now. He has no money, he’s not in your world. Whoever you think he is, you’re confusing him with someone else.”
“Not to men like you,”
spy. His secrets have secrets,”
Tony turned for a moment towards Steve, “I have a plan. Attack."
Steve felt the rush of foreboding even before something heavy landed on top of the jet. Steve reached for his helmet as Tony placed his own back on and opened the back of jet.
“Are you nuts?” Steve could feel his jaw ache from grinding his teeth.
Tony rolled his eyes at him.
Director Fury nodded, “I don’t know about that, but it is powered by the cube, and I’d like to know how Loki used it to turn two of the sharpest men I know into his personal flying monkeys,”
Tony shook his head, “No, it’s no problem, Cap,”
Steve had to respect Agent Romanoff’s lack of interest in Thor’s pride.
Steve frowned, “Doctor?”
Tony’s eyes shone with mirth, “You’re asking me?”
Tony frowned at him, “An intelligence organization that fears intelligence? Historically, not awesome.”
Now, glancing back at the captive Loki, Steve turned to Tony and pursed his lips, “I don’t like it,” He hoped Tony would understand what he meant without Steve stating it explicitly.
Thor was frowning, “Monkeys? I do not understand,”
Iron Man blasted Loki backwards as he landed and point both close-range weapons attached to his metal suit at the so-called god, “Make your move, Reindeer Games,”
Thor ran a hand over his worn face, “He has an army called the Chitauri. They're not of Asgard or any world known,” It seemed to cost him something to admit that. He was a leader amongst people he had yet to earn the respect of, and Steve could see the exhaustion in his eyes, “He means to lead them against your people; they will win him the earth in return, I suspect, for the tesseract.”
Tony finally managed to cut him off, “It’s no problem, Rogers, happy to help out an older fella. Come on, I got a whiteboard in here,” Tony jerked his head towards the back of his room and watched Steve’s face clear somewhat. Tony’s brain was piecing together this new side of the good Captain with Tony’s first impressions and found it fit pretty perfectly.
Steve shouted frantically, "Stark, we need a plan of attack!”
Steve smiled a little tightly at the nickname, “I really mean it, Tony. I just wish-”
Steve didn’t pause, “I don’t see how I can,”
Steve suspected that Agent Romanoff was taking that loss harder than she wanted to let on.
Agent Hill rolled her eyes. The bile burned the back of his throat.
Tony flung out an arm towards Bruce, “Finally, someone who speaks English,”
had snagged his attention.
Tony folded his arms and gave Steve an appraising look, “There’s something you think S.H.I.E.L.D’s not getting quite right, isn’t there?”
A shiver raced up Steve's spine.
Tony, who had been about to draw a fairly shoddy diagram of the cube on the board, turned around to grin at Steve, “Rogers,” He pointed the erasable marker pen at him, “You know I was showing off back there, right?”
Agent Hill arched a single inhospitable eyebrow, “He turns,”
Bruce looked uncomfortable at the sudden attention of both him and Tony, “I just want to finish my work here, and . . .”
Steve knew Agent Romanoff appreciated that.
Bruce took off his glasses in a seemingly placating gesture, “'A warm light for all mankind', Loki’s jab at Fury about the Cube,”
Steve allowed himself an infinitesimal sigh .
Steve inhaled sharply and prepared to step in as Loki’s smile stretched across his waxy face, “Look to your elder, people. Let him be an example,”
Bruce intervened quickly, “Steve tell me none of this smells a little funky to you,”
He resisted a smile at the
He looked over at Tony, “Think the guy’s friendly?” he asked in a wry tone.
Guess I'm a bad liar
“Yeah, well there’s a lot of things Fury doesn’t tell you,” Tony glanced back at him appraisingly.
Bruce nodded, “He’s an astrophysicist,”
Agent Hill was frowning at Tony with her arms crossed, “When did you become an expert in thermonuclear astrophysics?”
Steve snapped his head back to Tony in disbelief as Bruce lowered his head and murmured, “Thanks,”
Steve stood and drifted towards the whiteboard, now bearing a shoddy diagram of the tesseract, as well as numerous scribbles in Tony’s horrific handwriting. Steve finally turned to Tony and placed his hands on his hips. Tony remembered the nervous tick from before.
Steve sighed, “Loki’s going to drag this out,” He glanced up at the Asgardian who was still staring into nothing, “So, Thor, what’s his play?”
Tony could count the eyelashes fanning out on Steve’s pale cheeks.
He clenched his jaw, “Fury didn’t tell me he was calling you in,”
Steve knew he shouldn’t be surprised, but he couldn’t help the shreds of disappointment and shame lining his stomach. Swallowing a few times, attempting to clear the bile from his throat, he quickly got dressed. Looking down at himself, he huffed. He really hated this suit.
Suddenly, Steve caught sight of Tony working with Bruce in the lab. Anger surged up through his chest. Steve watched as Tony walked behind Bruce, laughter shining behind his dark eyes. Without warning, Tony jabbed Bruce in the side with what looked like a screwdriver.
Steve laughed again, quieter this time.
I get a little bit nervous around you
Bruce was the first to break, “He really grows on you doesn’t he?”
“He killed eighty people in two days.”
“What are you doing?” Steve yelled as the wind rushed in.
Steve interrupted the fight as best he could. He threw his shield between the Asgardian and Tony, forcing their attention to where he stood on top of a fallen tree.
Thor swung the oversized hammer and smashed Tony backwards. Steve watched, helpless, as Tony smacked into a tree trunk some good distance away.
At that, Steve looked Tony up and down and quirked a questioning eyebrow at him.
Steve waited until the ringing in his ears had lessened before rising from his crouch. He swallowed as he surveyed the damage, staring around for Tony. Eventually, he spotted Tony unsteadily attempting to stand, and he exhaled shakily.
Steve got the sense that Agent Romanoff knew exactly who that man had been.
“Yeah, no! Bad call! He loves his hammer!” Tony chipped in, and that seemed to tip the balance out of their favour in Thor’s mind.
Steve bolted forwards, “Hey!”
Tony gestured at Agent Romanoff, “The rest of the raw materials, Agent Barton can get his hands on pretty easily. Only major component he still needs is a power source of high energy density. Something to kickstart the cube,”
Steve growled almost involuntarily. He made to stand and make his presence known, but an elderly gentleman rose before he had lifted his bent knee even an inch off of the hard ground. He spoke haltingly in a thick German accent,
Steve watched as Tony zoomed out of the jet. He grunted in frustration; Tony Stark would not have lasted a day in the war.
Bruce was now caught up in his own thoughts, “Iridium . . . what did they need the iridium for?”
Loki huddled on the steps to the gala, holding his side. Steve walked over, picking up his shield on the way. Loki rippled with golden light as his clothes morphed and he raised his hands in defeat. Steve had the distinct feeling S.H.I.E.L.D  was in over his head.
He gave a tight smile, “Mr Stark,”
“And you’re all about style, aren’t you?” Steve deadpanned.
His heart was pounding madly as Tony took his shirt off. Steve followed suit, hating the Captain America costume more than ever, his old self-consciousness pricking; he never did quite get used to his new body.
Striding out of the lab, he muttered, “Just find the cube.”
Steve’s eyes were thick with sleep as he blinked them open slowly. It took him a moment to adjust, as it always did these days. It hit Steve suddenly where he was.
The constant strange references were beginning to aggravate Steve. He wasn't sure if Tony was purposefully trying to irritate him. Steve felt a prickle of annoyance that Tony seemed to be refusing to make the barest eye contact with him, “I don’t remember it being that easy. This guy packs a wallop,”
Tony grinned, “It’s good to meet you, Dr. Banner; your work on anti-electron collisions is unparalleled,”
The beginnings of a grin emerged on Tony’s face, before he tamped it down with an exaggerated frown of confusion, “Of the people in this room, which one is, A, wearing a spangly outfit,” Steve hated that he agreed with Tony on that point, “And, B, not of use?”
Even better when Steve had naively believed Tony might take pity on him when he had stupidly asked for his help last night. It was ironic that the one thing about Steve that interested Tony was the only part of him that wasn’t
Loki glanced over at him, an eyebrow quirked upwards, “I’m not overly fond of what follows,”
Steve cut himself off, so Tony took a step closer, “Steve, it doesn’t matter that you’re adjusting slowly. Most grandpas can’t even work a touch screen,”
Tony continued to stare at Steve as Bruce explained, “It's powered by an arc reactor, a self-sustaining energy source. That thing will run itself for what, a year?”
Tony opened the door to Captain America standing in the corridor, “Hi, Tony,”
Agent Romanoff added, “Loki had him under some kind of spell,” She pursed her lips, “Along with one of ours,”
Iron Man removed his helmet and Steve, despite having seen many photos of the man on the news, was surprised by how little of Howard there was in Tony Stark’s face. Their colouring was similar, but his eyes must be his mother’s, not that Steve had ever met Maria or even known about her during the war. Steve had been grateful that his friend had gained a couple more decades of life after the war despite the ultimately sudden end to his life. It had only been a couple of weeks after he woke up from the ice, that Steve had found out about their son via a news story regarding Justin Hammer’s attempts to build his own ‘iron man’ suits. Steve had barely understood the news story, but the name
Steve ignored the twinge in his stomach, “I’m not the one who’s out of time,”
Steve struggled not to roll his eyes, “What?”
Tony twitched his face towards him, “What, Rock of Ages giving up so easily?”
Lightning struck hard and sudden in front of the quinjet and Agent Romanoff’s shoulders tensed, “Where’s this coming from?”
Tony walked back around the table behind Bruce so that he didn’t have to brush up against Steve as he pulled out a small tablet, “I should probably look into that once my decryption programme finishes breaking into all of S.H.I.E.L.D’s secure files.”
Tony grumbled from where he had fallen, “And now there’s that guy,”
But with my feelings on fire
he'd done. He hadn’t expected to fall asleep, but he supposed it had been a long day. Blinking rapidly, he noticed the coolness of the sheets. Steve wiped his eyes and looked around the room a little frantically. He stood quickly and peered into the bathroom. Tony was gone.
Thor stiffened, “Selvig?"
Tony glanced at her over his shoulder, “Last night,”
Loki raised his sceptre and Steve leapt from his hiding spot in front of the blast, shield raised. The blast ricocheted off his shield, knocking Loki backwards. The blast struck a familiar note in Steve's memory. In his mind's eye, he watched the Red Skull wield his tesseract-powered weapons, white-blue light darting across his peripheral vision.
Loki flung him sideways for another bone-shattering collision with the hard paving stones of the square when music suddenly blared out of the plane hovering, somewhat unbalanced, in the sky behind them. Steve turned to stare at the plane that was currently lurching to one side when he caught sight of a glowing object zooming towards them.
Suddenly, a cloaked man landed on the ramp, smashed Tony backwards with an oversized hammer, grabbed Loki by the throat before any of them could react and flew out into the night.
“The soldier,” Loki laughed again as he stood and planted his sceptre on the tarmac, “The man out of time,”
As the plane flew lower, Steve noted the stark contrast between his memory of buildings obscure by smoke and flames, and the beautiful city stretching out beneath him now. He watched the city lights blur in and out of focus as Agent Romanoff brought the aircraft in closer to Loki’s coordinates. Steve readied himself as the hatch opened and a harsh gale pinched his face. He breathed in deep, and sprinted toward the open hatch. His heart leapt into his mouth. It didn't matter how many times he did this, how many times he stepped out into nothing and trusted the chemical in his veins from all those years ago to save him, his body protested violently to the lack of a parachute. The night air stung his skin and Steve had to force his muscles in order to move his limbs into position. He managed to land on his knee the way they had taught him when he toured the US back during the war, before he became a real soldier. He winced at the impact, trying to ignore the sharp pain of bits of stone lodged in his knee.
There was a pause, then her voice, her calm, comforting voice.  “It appears lightning struck their transmitter tower.”
“Captain?”
Georgia.”
He expected a blush and a quick
Steve showered and dressed and made a perfunctory tour of the common floor.  He knew Tony wouldn’t be there, but he looked anyway.  When he was sure Tony wasn’t up here, he got on the elevator and pushed the button for the lab.  When upset, Steve ran for the gym.  When Tony was upset, he retreated to the lab.  It was funny when he thought about it.  As different as they were, they did have common ground.
Tony watched them through the rearview mirror, ignoring the little stab of jealousy he felt. He looked at Steve again out of the corner of his eye. It really wasn’t fair. It wasn’t
“No, I just don’t want to talk about it.”
I almost choked.
Tony lifted his head.  “Ugh.  Fine.  Yes, FRIDAY, what is it, dear?”
, Steve thought as he went back to the bedroom and sat down at his monitor. As he adjusted the camera angles in the adjoining apartment with a few clicks of his keyboard. He could see Tony right now if he wanted to, but he didn’t. He didn’t want to watch him. That wasn’t his job, and he wasn’t a creeper. He didn’t want to
“Too bad.”
“One year.  In isolation.  Nobody knows but us.”
The tears she had held back began to fall unheeded as he quieted again.
“Shut the fuck up,” Tony threw over his shoulder.  “Steve, it’s not worth it, right?  Come on, man.”
But, of course, he didn’t ask her those questions. Not now, not when he was just barely home and they had three days together. Especially since she was right--the time they did have never seemed like enough. Not to bother her with this. With stupid questions he already knew the answer to. Things he had figured out over the last two years, but hadn't admitted to himself until he decided to really get serious about getting sober eight months ago. That was when he finally stopped worrying about it so much. When he stopped thinking about it all the time. When he stopped looking at couples on the street and thinking,
“It’s cool.”
The swimming pool only took ten days.
“Yeah.  Guess so.”
In unison, like a well-rehearsed chorus.
“I don’t care that you hit him,” Steve said.
Tony laughed.  “We’re way past swear-jars, Steve.  We’d need like a swear-dumpster.”
Steve kissed him again, held him tighter against his chest.  "You're not the worst," he whispered. "Just don't say that, okay?  Please?"
“Thanks, Mom.”
Steve shrugged. Tony was transfixed by the flex of muscle that happened when he did that. “I probably won’t be doing it again any time soon, I’ll tell you that.”
Hunt stood in front of Steve.  “Do you know why you’re here?”
True to his word, Tony took Steve to the bowling alley with him.  He introduced Steve, even though all the guys knew who he was, then proceeded to bowl a spectacularly bad game.
that something certainly did
Steve pulled back and looked up at Tony. That love still shone in his eyes. That same familiar warmth that Tony had grown so used to over the years. That steady, all-encompassing love. “Feel better?” he asked.
Tony kissed him.  “It’s okay, baby.  I hate Captain Crunch, too.  That guy’s a dick.”
Steve laughed. He loved this. He remembered this. This part of being in Tony’s life. It was a part they had not been able to enjoy much since they were teenagers. The sex-part they got a little. Sometimes it was
Tony huddled closer against his side. He pressed his lips to his chest again. “I’m sorry too. I didn’t mean it that way. I’d never think that, baby.”
To be fair, I never really expected anyone to be reading these stories but me so I forgave my bad habits.  So, to anyone out there who has actual knowledge of mental health facilities, WWII, bowling, the Russian language, classic cars, drugs, prison, Rolex watches, New York City, or any of the other dozen or so things I "researched", Sorry.  To paraphrase Stephen King: for what I got right, thank Google, for what I got wrong, blame me.
Steve raised his eyebrows.  “Not exactly.”
“I told you to Google it.”
Pepper groaned.  “Oh my god.”
“Fuck those ‘other people’,” Tony flared. “They’re not even real. They’re hypothetical. You’re making them up.”
“Are you okay? You seem a little distracted.”
Tony kissed back, soft and warm.  "So good," he repeated.
“Was it about him?”
Bucky snorted a little, a sliver of a smile appearing then disappearing in the blink of an eye.  “Don’t hold back on my account.  I can handle it.”
“Well,” Tony said.  “It
“I think
“No, Tony.”
“It’s the same thing.”
Steve put before him, he’d take. And he would love every second of it.
Steve swept him into his arms again, devouring him, lifting him enough to let Tony wrap his legs around his waist, then carrying him the rest of the way into the bedroom. He didn’t bother closing the door. They never had. Too wrapped up in each other to worry about Sarah walking in on them. Tony had never realized that before. That they had worried more about offending Mrs. Perkins’s delicate ears with their moans and cries than about Steve’s mother actually seeing them in the act of it. At another time, he might have found that funny, but right now there was nothing funny here. There was too much hunger in his heart, too much want, too much passion. It drove away the laughter. He might re-discover it again later, but for now, all he wanted was Steve’s mouth on him, his hands on him.
Morgan looked up as he sat down on the couch. “Hi, Grandpa Howard,” she said casually, then jumped up to tug on Steve’s hand. “Stee-eeve! Come color!”
to come here?”
Tony slumped in his seat.  “Okay.  Look, I’m just going to say it.”  He looked Strange in the eye.  “I want Wanda to come fix this.  She can do it.  We both know she can do it.  I want her to do it.”
“Don’t you think we should talk-”
changed. I’m trying to, at least. I’m trying to get better. I’m trying to-”
they’ll all be looking at.  I’m the one showing all the leg.”
Tony thought, and walked to the car, brittle grass breaking under his feet, his breath turning into a frozen mist as it left his mouth.
Steve motioned for another drink.
“I talked to Rhodey.  Clint’s going in with me and we’ll take down as many of the bastards as we can.”
Natasha shot him a venomous look.  Tony was very glad Bruce had asked that question and not him.  Although, he wouldn’t want to be in his shoes right now.
One.  Two.  Three.  Four.  Five.  “By any means necessary?”
“She did?” Steve asked, confused.  “Why?”
“If that’s okay?”
Steve let out a breath. He’d never experienced anything like it before. The feeling of a child’s hand in his, holding on, unafraid. He looked at their clasped hands, then up at Tony. He’d never experienced anything like that either. The look in Tony’s eye. A mixture of happiness, certainty, and heat. It made him feel weak in the knees.
So close…
“Okay.”
Steve didn’t know that either.
He opened his mouth. Closed it. Swallowed. Tried again. “Yeah.”
“I said--” she began, and then suddenly, amazingly, the pressure was gone.  Tony had squeezed his eyes shut when she grabbed him, and now they flew open.
“Anyone else, what?”
Tony shook his head, wishing to Christ he’d paid more attention to his German at school.  As it was, he was pretty sure Steve had just called him a pig.
Steve swallowed. “Can you leak my profile?”
“Nothing is wrong, Steve, except Wawa stopped stocking the right kind of pickles. It’s a personal attack, frankly.”
“What? No, sorry Buck. What were you saying?”
He shouldn’t have been surprised to find an entire room ready for him in Tony’s penthouse. There were clothes in his size, but Steve was especially touched by the hoodie. Tony knew he hated to be cold so much that even incapacitated, JARVIS could provide the knowledge. God, he did not deserve this man.
The best part of JARVIS was that he was Tony with more processing power. That was almost simultaneously the worst part.
“I still don’t understand why you want to saddle yourself with-”
he never actually wanted to go to space.
“You’d know him better if you’d sack up and ask him out.”
“I am aware you feel strongly about that,” JARVIS replied evenly.
The smirk painted on Bucky’s face told Steve it hadn’t worked. “While I appreciate you treating my handcrafted decaffeinated-because-I-love-you macchiato like a shot of Jager, you want to tell me why you’re here and not at home with Tony and Peter?”
The man who transferred obscene money into his bank account every week couldn’t seem to remember what Steve’s job was, but the house asked how Bucky was doing whenever he ended a phone call.
Steve looked up from his sketchbook to see a ruggedly handsome man smiling down at him.
They didn’t end up knocking on doors, but they did end up doing something just as desperate and random.
“I’m going to transfer you to Ms. Potts,” JARVIS said, and soon Steve’s ears were full of AC/DC’s “Back in Black” on violin.
“You’re past that,” Tony said. “Thor had that tackle, you monumental martyr. Rumlow wasn’t getting across the touch line, why did you have to pile on?”
“I thought you would. It’s why you’re getting our money,” Coraline smiled. She leaned forward to kiss both men on their cheeks. “Now, go give an old lady some eye candy and dance, will ya?”
Not everything is about fixing something.
Bucky had offered to mate with him in the tents, to settle the narrative once and for all. Bucky had always wanted a family, far more than he wanted to be a sniper, so it would have worked. Bucky was his best friend, they could have built a good life together based on companionship and secret-keeping, but before Steve could have settled into that mental future, a train interrupted those dreams.
“I’m Brock,” the man said.
“No,” Steve said too quickly. Pining after Tony from afar was safe - he had no interest in having his fantasy burst.
“Hi,” Steve said softly.
“He explicitly asked us not to tell you, which is why JARVIS cannot overwrite his commands. I, however, stopped listening to him years ago,” Pepper said with a sad chuckle. “Tony is currently here in his penthouse in Manhattan and is in a coma. The reason he hired you was that he was poisoned on a work trip about eight months ago with an element called palladium.”
“But Steve has to go on in thirty,” Tony replied.
He wasn’t actually that upset about messing up the chicken fingers, but he was quietly devastated that his memory of Ana’s recipe hadn’t proven up to the task. Soon, he would be ready to rejoin his husband and son to eat. He knew Steve would keep Peter from talking about his food disaster, and would hug him without saying a word until Tony’s own first joke showed the memory no longer stung too harshly. But for now, he needed to see Dum-E, the only one of his bots that Ana had met.
Bucky nodded. “Okay.”
“Of course, come on, Stevie,” Bucky scoffed. “All the private beaches have, like, fences and shit.”
“Sorry, that sounds like a terrible pick-up line,” the man laughed. “It’s just that this is so off the beaten path only a handful of us come here.”
“When did you guys get back from…?”
“Because I want all three of us or five of us or however many we end up with to all have the same name and if you call me old-fashioned about that one more time -”
“And gave him my jacket,” Steve muttered. “It’s cheap leather I found at a souk in Morocco, and I gave it to someone who probably could buy his own jacket factory.”
It was a statement, not a question.
Steve nearly collapsed against the wall he was leaning on. He put his phone back in his pocket so both of his hands were free to grasp his head. It was spinning and heavy all at once. So much of his summer made sense now.
“Did you bring the sunscreen?”
This was the most precious gift he had been given, with the exception of his family. It was some time before he could look, and by the time he was ready, Steve was calling him for pizza. He would have to save looking for later.
“What? I can’t do that, I can’t… I have to get my keys -”
“What do you - ohhhhhh,” Steve said into a moan, as Tony began to suck and nibble a bruise into Steve’s clavicle.
“You are the best strategist on the team,” Bucky replied. “You have always known exactly how much your body can take, exactly how to position all of us in a scrum to make sure that we get the maximum velocity with the minimum injury. And then you go and basically do a kamikaze mission on a tackle that Thor had handled.”
Steve bit back a groan.
Oh! And FestiveFerret and I have a
“Build a Buck’s outside,” Tony said. “And if you think I’m mad, you’re in for a treat.”
“Um, yes?”
Steve blinked at Brock. “I don’t have anywhere else I need to be.”
“I just think you deserve better than being someone’s PA,” Brock said, but the tone was off, like there were a million things he wasn’t saying. “And I’m glad you’re not with that narcissistic scumbag any longer.”
), and teaching Adult Sunday School at St. Luke’s Episcopal (
“Ah, but I’m your impossible.”
“Yes, ma’am,” Steve stammered.
“You know I’m right,” Bucky said. “Because it’s the same advice you’ve given me and Sammy.”
Tony started to smile which was immediately cut off by Peter’s words. “EW! This is
“But you need -”
Steve grinned, and the pair set off into their future.
“His name is Steve,” Steve said dryly. “And sure.”
“You just realized he’s worth using words for,” Bucky finished with a lazy grin. “Welcome to what the rest of us have known for a bit.”
They’d met at Christmas time, just after Tony’s 30th birthday, five years previous. A completely chance meeting in a Trader Joe’s in Washington Heights - a place neither of them had ever been before - led to a semi-anonymous night in one of the apartments Stark Imagineering stashed around the city for various needs. Steve had nearly had three asthma attacks he came so hard, and he’d chalked the entire night up to a fever dream he’d wank off to forever.
“You killed it when you died.”
,” Steve snapped. Another thing he hadn’t meant to say out loud. “He doesn’t know what it’s like to have a body that fails you all the time, to have to fight for every breath sometimes, to know that you’re carrying around a ticking time bomb, and that you’re only….”
Ten minutes after that, Tony slipped into a coma of his own.
Just as they finished their song, and Steve smiled so brightly at the man playing first violin that it felt like someone punched Tony in the stomach.
“Tony Stark,” Bucky explained. “I get that you’ve been in Africa, but I thought it was the 21st century there, too. How have you managed to miss this?”
“You know anything ‘bout PR, Rogers?” Tony countered.
“As long as we can get married on the way,” Tony quipped, “because someone who loves both Leia and actual coffee is too good to let go.”
“Steve, I’ll be in the workshop. Go ahead and order pizza.” He didn’t wait to hear Steve’s answer before heading downstairs. He wasn’t quite ready to see the results of his mistakes.
“I’ll get you an Uber,” Bucky said, pulling out his phone.
Tony didn’t reply as she wandered off. She wasn’t wrong to encourage him to be brave - especially since he’d never had any trouble charming someone into his bed before. He realized, however, that the reason he was terrified to even start the conversation was that something in his gut said that Steven Grant Rogers, Professional Cellist, was not a one night stand.
“Guys, can I have the room?” Tony asked.
if you're so inclined.
Tony’s question, laced with warmth and the hint of tears, jerked Steve out of his reverie.
“Buck, are you guys sure this is a public beach?”
Tony barked out a dry laugh, which led to a coughing fit. When he could breathe again, he glared at Steve. “He’s using you, Steve. He’s using you to get to me, because no one in that family cares about anything else than their own power, control, money, and fame. You’re not in this world, so you have to trust me. That man is using you, and I do not want you to be hurt, Steve.”
That you fight so hard to lose
“Not enough time,” Tony said.
“Thanks,” came the soft and slightly scratchy reply.
Quite the summer job Steve had stumbled into.
“Okay,” Steve said.
An irate,
“What does that mean? Of course you know who I am,” Tony said. “I’m Colin Maxsted, aspiring author and yoga enthusiast.”
“One alpha to another,” Tony said conspiratorially, “the others don’t know what they’re missing. A knot in the ass… god, it’s perfection. Plus, we don’t have to worry about all the bonding shit, or the whole pups thing. Why doesn’t everyone want this option?”
“Aw, Pep, where’s your sense of adventure?” Tony asked.
I'll gather up the avenues
“Eleven.”
To save you some space
The man shook his head. “I’ll call a cab or something. I just… I was at a party… I had a -”
“Tony?” Steve called as he entered. He’d been out for a run before the sun could scorch the earth. “JARVIS, is Tony actually here or…?”
Steve Rogers, well documented ass man, took note of said look, and casually began to google.
“Two weeks, Rhodey!”
“You’re a literal rocket scientist and you didn’t double check if my beach was free? Wait, that actually makes a lot of sense based on the other rocket scientists I know,” Tony said. “Makes total sense.”
“Ecstatic,” Steve said flatly. “Now, more.”
As was watching every baseball game that was played (
“Here,” Pepper said as she breezed in. “Well, Anthony, let’s not do that again, shall we?”
Six months ago, Steve would have blushed bright red at that comment. Tony was proud when instead, Steve turned to Bucky and replied slowly, “If you don’t want to see his eyes when he’s blowing you, you have intimacy issues, Buck.”
“So you’re telling me that Gramps doesn’t know your original mark?”
Bucky ticked his fingers. “One, you’re at the shop on a Tuesday, which is usually family night. Two, you’re moping, which means you’re feeling sad and guilty. Three, I’ve met you.”
As soon as Steve pulled away, Tony let out a gasp. It shocked Steve so much that he fell backwards, his eyes frantically searching the room and landing on Dr. Cho. “Did I…?”
“Yes.” Nat’s reply was kind, firm, and still carried undertones of ‘you fucking idiot’.
Tony was waiting patiently for Steve to return from his run, so when the door opened, he was ready to prop himself up on a few pillows and start a conversation. JARIVS hadn't mentioned that he'd gotten a hold of Steve, but he obviously had. “Hey Steve -”
Soon, a female voice replaced it. “Steve, this is Pepper Potts and I am the CEO of Stark Imagineering. Tony has told me all about you. JARVIS said you were looking for Tony?”
“I thought you retired?” Bucky said.
“55, 89, 144, 233, 377, 610, 987, 1597, 2584, 4181, 6765, 10946, 17711, 28657, 46368, 75025, 121393,” the voice continued. When Steve finally located the source of the voice, it was a man in pajama bottoms, hiking boots, and a fairly ratty t-shirt, running a rubix cube through his fingers.
“That’s right,” Bucky said triumphantly. “I’m getting married!”
“There were singing tea cups involved,” Tony said. “And everything smelled like roses.”
Rhodey shrugged. “What’s eating your dick about this guy, then?”
Jim nodded. “I don’t know what’s in here, Tones, but the weight almost set the sensors off.”
“I think that’s why we’re here,” Tony grinned right back.
“I’m not asking him out,” Tony said.
“Have you replayed the tape enough times in your mind now to see how your calculations were off?”
“Didn’t say you weren’t.” Pepper took a sip. “I know the three of us have been, well, the three of us for a while, but I’ve never talked about my sex life with you and I’m not about to start. That’s all.”
“Well, whatever it is, it doesn’t affect who I spend my off time with,” Steve said. “No part of my contract says you get to dictate what I do with my dick.”
“You pulled me away from a singing chandelier, Steve.”
“There’s no repairing this,” Tony said into the quiet, and Steve’s stomach sunk. He’d wondered. Being a professional athlete meant you knew your body better than most doctors, but being married to a bone magician meant Tony always knew it better.
As far as physical traumas go, Bucky’s could have been worse. It’s what everyone keeps telling them, it could have been worse.
“Great class, Steve,” he said.
“You’re Tony Stark, head of Stark Resilient and a very vocal advocate for my best friend being in jail,” Steve countered.
“You gonna use your big boy words?”
I'll head back across the bridge
Steve sighed deeply. “I don’t like secrets.”
The judgemental silence returned, and Tony lost himself in daydreams again as he watched the ocean tides. A few moments later, the elevator dinged.
“You can do it from here,” Tony said. “I have a lot of natural light spaces on the 2nd and 3rd floors I’m not using. I only need the first floor.”
“I’m sorry.”
So Steve could scratch his itch, but Captain America certainly couldn’t.
That last bit was the real kicker.
But for a summer fling? Even a weekend one? Steve was willing to let himself be flung a little bit.
So you won't have to say
“He has
“And trust such an important item to an intern?” Pepper replied.
“You down here for the weekend?”
There were about seven points of commonality between them - orphans, passionate baseball fans, charitable - but Tony had yet to muster the courage to use any of them to strike up a conversation.
Steve let out a roar that made Tony jump. “You unbelievably stubborn idiot! You pay me to lift heavy shit, and I don’t know if you noticed, but we stopped doing that a few days ago. I have been here for a month and JARVIS enlisted me to mind you around day three, so can we stop this garbage. Why don’t you want solid food?”
“I know him,” Nat said calmly.
“Well, fuck,” Tony said with awe in his voice. “I did not see that coming.”
), general handyman (
“It sucks,” the man said, through a raggedy breath. “Trying to live alone when you’re not used to it. It sucks.”
“He’s fucking gorgeous, obviously,” Tony conceded. “I’m not blind, just dying.”
“I know, okay?” Steve nearly wailed. “I know. I just… Dr. Simonian is the best, and this clinical trial is so exciting. Regenerative lung tissue? I mean, Petey wouldn’t have to have a nebulizer at all. At all, guys! His life would change and…”
“Are you speaking of your employee whom you have been mysteriously neglecting? Yes, he wanted to serve his purpose within this home.”
On Day Seven of his time in Manhattan, Tony’s blood poison percentage went to 89.5% and Steve was gently encouraged to say his goodbyes. He appreciated that Pepper didn’t treat him like someone inconsequential to Tony’s life that day, because without any denial from Tony that Steve’s feelings were not returned, Steve operated completely out of his love for Tony. He bathed him, he shaved him, he did everything he saw Sam do for Bucky.
Which is how Steve found himself trying to secure a particleboard arch in the sand. He’d just gotten it fairly secure when a voice called out to them.
“What’s up, Jay?”
Steve swallowed a cough. He’d known Natasha for eight years and she was never not blunt, but it still took him by surprise.
“Workshop,” Tony affirmed. Steve nodded and started loading the elevator.
Tony shook his head. “Foot on the bag before it hit Yinzer’s glove.”
“He’s been…” Steve searched for the right word to use. “Fun. He’s been fun.”
Instead of communicating with it, Dum-E tapped the screen several times- something Tony had taught him to access other things. And there, on the tablet, was Ana’s recipe book. Somehow, she had given it to Dum-E, and somehow he had saved it.
“Steve, I’m so sorry, this is a lot of information at once, but please come to the house. Something tells me that having you in the room would soothe him,” Pepper said.
“And if I want to play?”
The final Tuesday that Steve was under contract dawned, therefore, like most of the previous days had been. Steve went to the kitchen to be told by JARVIS that, “Sir was abed and not planning on leaving in the near term.”
“Buddy, you gonna drink it or eye fuck it?”
“Again, toys?” Tony said, with a kind efficiency that Steve was shocked to appreciate.
The ‘Master Rogers’ was new since the fight. JARVIS had always called him ‘sir’ or ‘Mr. Rogers’ or something along the lines of ‘hey you.’ This insane formality only added to the frostiness of the house - as though winter was setting in.
“Can you move just a little?” Tony grunted, and Steve obliged.
Tony nodded.
“But that that house looks -”
Tony dug into his pocket and handed Steve a scrap of fabric. “I came prepared.”
“Tony, I know you say nothing is wrong, but -”
Over the years, Steve had taught him how to draw, Peter had taught Steve how to be a dad, and they’d both taught each other how to love Tony the best. They’d formed a family, and Steve wouldn’t trade it for the world.
'Cause I can't have you
“Why’d ya do it?” Bucky asked quietly, about three hours later. They’d closed up the coffee shop and retired upstairs to Nat’s apartment.
“If you want to walk, yes.”
He closed his eyes again, and Steve placed the cake in the cupholder.
“It’s warm,” Tony countered, pushing up the sleeves again. Steve was at least three sizes bigger than Tony in the shoulders, based on the way the leather jacket hung off Tony’s frame.
Steve broke out into a grin. “This is a new world to me.”
Bliss.
man. And he wasn’t really stalking, he was more stumbling, which was fair because walking angrily in sand had to be a challenge.
“I’m Italian, we don’t burn, we gently roast,” Tony protested.
“Brock Rumlow,” Steve replied, “yeah. He’s the guy I’ve been kinda seeing.”
For the rest of his life, Steve would never be quite sure what drove him to head to the butterfly garden the Saturday after Thanksgiving. He’d felt itchy all day - holidays where food was involved always made him feel that way. He understood proportions and that joy was important, but when you live in countries where famine was a recent past and not a topic on Twitter, food always felt a little different after.
Find me on
“No, that’s not… I know who you are,” Steve said.
“I want a second opinion,” Steve replied.
“I’ve never done this before, been with an alpha,” Steve said, slightly sheepishly.
The man nodded again - that slight jerk of the head that could be anything from a seizure disorder to consent, but Steve forged ahead.
Steve had no idea where to go, but if he didn’t talk to Tony within five minutes he was going to explode. He dug out the phone he’d had shut off for days, and powered it on. As he paced the streets outside the hospital, he dialed.
,” Tony said solemnly.
“With a private beach in Loveladies, I would think so,” Bucky said from behind Steve.
“Would you rather be playing?” Tony asked.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Tony said.
“Fourteen trips to the ER during freshman year says otherwise,” Bucky snapped.
Bucky snorted. “Sam would have my guts for garters if I pulled what you did, so I don’t blame him.”
There was a pause.
Tony shook his head, as though to clear it. “I just didn’t think you listened.”
Steve.
“You’re right that we should see a new pulmonologist now that he’s older. See if there’s a second opinion on treatments or tissue transplants,” Tony said. “But experimental shit is gonna be a bridge too far for me, I think. Not for him. Me? If it were me? Throw me on the table, do whatever you want. But him? And you? Absolutely not. I want at least nine peer-reviewed articles and a personal call from the director of the FDA before I’m comfy with that.”
“And yet, you boys haven’t matured a day,” Nat said as she came in from the back of the bar. She placed a plate of shortbread in front of Steve. “Snacks for the meds. Take them now before he goes feral.”
Tony had been in Boonsboro for six weeks, posing as an author who was attending a workshop on character building. Pepper’s favorite romance author lived in town, so she’d come for the first few days to pose as his girlfriend - one of her least favorite roles as his unofficial/official liaison back to his company.
“Okay,” Tony replied and kissed Steve firmly. “Okay. Now, I’m going swimming and I forgot to pack a suit, oops, one of those things about owning the island, really, is that I always forget what I keep at what house, silly me, anyway, you coming?”
Peter was right. The texture was so very off on the mac and cheese, so much so that icky might be the best word for it. How could he have messed up Ana’s wonderful mac and cheese so badly? This was something he wanted for himself and Peter, and he ruined it from the beginning. He wasn’t sure how to fix it, but he knew he needed to give himself some time.
Steve barked out a laugh. “Tony does that, too, the crazy nicknames.”
“I’m asking you to get our talent, Anthony,” Pepper said innocently.
“Fuck that,” Steve said, feeling his hackles rise. “He doesn’t know who you are! No one knows you’re down here! JARVIS locks this house down so tight, and we disguise you when we’re out, and your paranoia is so strong there is no way anyone knows you’re here.”
It was like someone let a pin out of a tire, and all of Steve’s stress deflated. He had a million questions, but the most important thing was those last three words.
Steve barked out a dry laugh.
A few weeks later he was ready to try again. And this time, Tony made one important change. Instead of trying to do it for his son and husband, he was going to do it with them. Yes, a two year old wasn’t a whole lot of help, but he was having a lot of fun playing with the grated cheese. Steve was laughing as he poured the macaroni into the water, and Tony himself was carefully watching the roux to make sure it didn’t get too hot. Taking a moment, Tony sent a thought off to wherever the Jarvises might be. ‘Thank you for letting me have this.’ Then he steeled himself for awkward questions and said to Peter, “You know, Ana Jarvis taught me this recipe.”
“Not any more,” Tony said. “I can’t sign off on anything, you’re right about that, but there is not a doctor on this planet who will disagree with my assessment. Strange is on his way in to offer a full diagnosis, and to schedule your surgery. We’ve pulled him away from that creepy ass lab he has, so I’m sure he’ll be in a great mood.”
“How long for?” Steve clarified. He had a feeling there was something the man wasn’t telling him.
Tony swiveled his head to see a platter of grilled salmon with broccoli and brown rice. His stomach revolted at the smell, not that he’d tell Steve. Telling Steve the pain medicine he was on to simply function meant that solid food was too much, meant telling Steve he was in enough pain to take such high dose medicine. Which would mean explaining what was happening, and that option wasn’t on the table.
Tony decided to let it go- this time. “Yes, I did. I figured it would be something fun for me and Petey-pie to do once I get some more practice. Jarvis cooked with me, back in the day. Ana, too. I hope you enjoy it!” With that, Tony presented Steve his actual plate, and Peter the plastic plate with Dora the Explorer on it.
“So this is the strongman. Jim Rhodes, not honeybear, or sugarbear, or whatever other infantilizing thing falls out of this idiot’s mouth,” Jim said with a wide smile and a firm handshake. “Thanks for keeping my boy safe this summer.”
For the first time, Tony turned to Steve and Steve was treated with the full force of his face.
“Then you’ve had four hundred opportunities to pull the pole out of your ass,” Bucky replied. “Now, help me set up the chuppah.”
The next few weeks were frosty in the house. Tony and Steve addressed each other formally, and both allowed JARVIS to do more than his fair share of the communication. For the life of him, Steve could not figure out why Tony was so upset by Brock’s presence in Steve’s life. Sure, Brock was a dick, but a harmless one. He was the kind of guy who wanted to be the most important person in any room, and Steve’s patience for that act was, admittedly, running thin. However, he sucked like a Hoover, and Steve wasn’t in the mood for a commitment.
“Tony.”
Steve’s eyes snapped to Buck’s.
Then Sam called
“I like details,” Tony said with a shrug. A car horn sounded in the distance. “That’s my ride, but let’s talk water sometime, okay?”
Something in the air shifted, and Steve looked at Tony. Any remaining color Tony had in his face had drained. “That’s a very unusual name.”
Steve wound his fingers through Tony’s. “I love you.”
His husband wasn’t angry, he was scared.
“Mr. Rogers is asking what you want for dinner.”
“Tony -”
“My gracious, El Captian, how very forward of you,” Tony replied. “My answer, of course, is yes.”
The one we used to share
“Grandson, yes. Dad was named Howard, too, as an FYI, because Stark men love nepotism and narcissism as much as we love good scotch. So I know. And you’re safe.”
“Please.”
“Really?” Steve asked. “I like the idea of it being entirely vow based. It makes it… I don’t know, mean more?”
“How long?” Steve asked.
It had started about a year and a half ago, when he found out that Steve donated his fee from the Maria Stark Gala to the foundation with a note that said, “It’s my policy to not take money from cancer research. Thank you for the honor of providing your entertainment.” Pepper and Tony had immediately booked him for the next eight Stark Industries events, and began to talk him up to everyone they knew that ran galas and the like.
It was a testament to how deeply he’d fucked up that his friends said nothing.
Rhodey smiled sadly. “More than you know, you fucking martyr. More than you’ll ever know.”
), and avid hiker (
“He’s not what you think he is.”
They walked into Bucky’s room - Steve still stopped short at the sight of a gauzed stump on Bucky’s left side - and made some small talk. Brock talked for a few minutes about something none of them cared about, Sam and Steve filled Bucky in on the Phillies most recent disastrous homestand, and they all played along with the episode of “Family Feud” that was on the TV.
Steve went, figuring what the hell. He’d had a particularly terrible cardiologist appointment that day and was looking for a distraction. His walking wet dream was a good enough one.
“Regretting that miscalculation even more now, aren’t ya?”
Steve’s eyes shot up to meet Bucky’s. “I’m drinking it.” To make his point, Steve took a long sip. Bucky continued to stare at him as Steve drained the cup, ignoring the way that it was scorching his taste buds because fuck if he was giving Bucky the satisfaction.
Tony took a deep breath, and Steve heard the rattle of grief in it. “Thank you.”
They exchanged details, and then Steve followed orders and led Tony to the dance floor. He kissed him gently, and then pressed their foreheads together as the music swirled around them.
“Remind Mr. Rogers that he’s my weightlifter, not my chef.”
Like maybe even a Google search to make sure they were allowed to have a pop-up wedding on a beach in New Jersey.
“And then, I wasn’t able to breathe right and I started walking, figuring it was a cramp or something, so I kept walking until I ended up in the butterfly garden.”
“Perfect. Looking forward to meeting you, Steve,” Pepper said and hung up.
If he’d stolen some magic from his mother’s people to make it work, no one needed to be any the wiser.
The mac and cheese was done before the chicken fingers, so he put it to the side to reheat. He’d never made the chicken before, so he wasn’t sure on the timing, but he figured that it was better to err on the side of cooking them too long. He didn’t want to serve undercooked chicken. When it was all finished, Tony plated it up. The chicken fingers looked a little dark, but he was hoping it all tasted okay.
“Your body isn’t ready for anything you need more time for,” Pepper sassed back. She ushered everyone out of the room. As soon as the door clicked, Tony motioned for Steve.
“Hm,” he mused out loud. He had profiles on a lot of the sex apps - sorry, dating apps, but can we please be real? - but KnottyPining was the only one that had a separate section for discreet VIPs.
“And yet?”
“You love me?”
Tony wondered why he hadn’t done this before. He hadn’t tried cooking since he was a kid, with Jarvis and Ana, but being here, in the kitchen, was bringing back all the memories of the happy times, before Howard had said it wasn’t ‘suitable’ for him to be in the kitchen. Given that he wanted to be nothing like Howard as a father, he was going to cook, and when Petey-pie was old enough, he’d cook with his son. Jarvis was a much better paternal model than Howard, anyway.
“He seems fun,” Sam said lightly.
It took another few moments for the man to fully be able to take a deep breath without a shudder, but as soon as he did, he began to shiver. “Oh, pal, take my coat.” Steve peeled off his worn leather jacket and placed it around the man’s (smaller but no less muscular, and
“I did.”
They wanted to get married quickly, without any fuss, just them and their two best friends. Families and everyone else would come later, the men said, but the first set of vows had to be with their quartet.
Steve felt the tips of his ears warm. “You did?”
“When I was seven,” Tony said instead of an answer, “we came to this house with Aunt Peggy and Uncle Daniel and it was the last really great vacation we had as a family. My favorite part was being able to swim when it was dark because it felt so… I don’t know… off limits or something. Anyway, I haven’t been in the water after dark since the cave and I don’t want this thing I loved once to keep being tainted by a thing that happened once, so I thought if we were out here together, and you held me as it got dark, I could make new memories.”
Once he got upstairs, the looks Steve sent his way told him that his emotions weren’t unnoticed, but he wasn’t going to get called on it in front of Peter. At least he had that much of a break. Still, his son was there, so Tony pasted on a happy face and made sure dinner was pleasant.
The word Steve would use for what was happening was bliss.
“Pep’s,” Tony said. “He knew we fought and it was becoming a whole thing, so he went there to finish his homework and not be distracted by our quote negative vibes.”
When I was one half of two
Without opening his eyes, Tony said. “Great, there’s a cake shop about three blocks down. Pull in there.”
“I don’t need anything as badly as you need to be with Bucky,” Tony said firmly. “Pack a bag, and text me updates as you can, please.”
“Thank you,” Steve said. His voice was barely over a whisper, but it echoed throughout Tony’s body. He bustled around the house, and fifteen minutes later, JARVIS confirmed the helicopter was en route to Philadelphia.
“However could I accomplish that, Sir?” JARVIS replied. “I’m a robot, I have no judgmental options.”
“Doesn’t he at least want his jacket back?”
“I am now,” Scott said quickly and left the room.
“And that’s my cue to head out,” Bucky said. He heaved himself out of the corner of the sofa and saluted the two of them. “Make good choices.”
“How many inhalers do we have stashed around the apartment?” Steve asked.
Steve reached for the necklace that sat on the end table. “I made some adjustments.”
He gave his look a last once over, decided it would do, since he’d be in shadows for most of the night anyway, and headed out to the living room. He grabbed his cello case and addressed his roommates. “Gig ends at 2am, so I’ll see you guys tomorrow.”
Tony spotted him. “Steve! Come meet my honeybear!”
Tony loved his job. He got to play pretend for a living, and take down bad guys in the process. Ever since he’d first learned the magic of being a different person to survive, he’d wondered what it would be like to use those powers for the good of others and not just himself. So he’d spent his 20s working on artificial augmentation software. By his 33rd birthday, he could slip a necklace on underneath any piece of clothing, and his body would appear to others however he wanted it to.
“Sounds like it was an okay thing,” Bucky said evenly. “He’s done a few interviews, sounds like the dad was a right asshole, but anyway. He’s a fucking engineering genius. I can’t believe you met Tony Stark on a park bench.”
“Please,” he rasped and began the arduous journey to the living room.
“Your jacket,” the stranger said.
“We know exactly what you mean. It’s why we only support family foundations. Isn’t that right, Harold?”
“So we’re agreed,” Tony said, and Steve nodded.
“Natasha, I am the cellist for hire, and he’s the lead producer. It’s not like we have a lot in common.”
Maybe just a withered dick.
“It was a dad and a kid, a few years older than us, and you could tell the kid was the real star of the show. Anyway, that kid was Tony Stark, and he was actually on track to be the youngest astronaut NASA had ever admitted into the program when his dad died.”
Don’t push them away
“Now I need a full knee replacement, and Pepper’s due in four-ish months. Tony will have a screaming newborn, a husband who can’t help much, and only three weeks of paternity leave,” Steve recounted.
“Why do you think I did anything?”
“No,” Bucky shook his head. “He’s worried, like the rest of us, but you know Thor. Mad is something he reserves for the opposite team and anyone who is ever mean to Jane. We are all fucking confused, though.”
A look passed over Tony’s face that Steve couldn’t quite identify, but something in him was desperate to know. “Hit a creative dry spell. I’ve always loved the ocean, so came down here to see if it would jump start the old juices. So, Triangle Man, you in?”
The other half of his brain/his cock replied immediately,
Tony had been a burden to too many people already. He wasn’t adding Steve to that list.
They made small talk for a little while - Steve asked a few questions about sunfish and the other species around the island, Brock asked about how Steve knew what medium to use when. Steve was debating working up the courage to ask for Brock’s number when Brock beat him to it.
“JARVIS?”
Steve shrugged again. “I’ve never worked for a reclusive billionaire who looks like he might actually be a corpse and not a human some days before either, so I figured it’s a summer for new things.”
Steve took two deep breaths. He knew what Tony was saying was true; he’d known it the minute his knee snapped in between Thor and the ground. He’d known he was on borrowed time with both of his knees, but he hadn’t quite expected to be borrowing this little.
Tony let out a breath that seemed to deflate his entire body. “Two years ago, that woulda taken you about six days, so I’ll take six hours as a real win in our adulting scorecard. You head to Soliloquy?”
Tony shrugged. “I like learning. You knew things I didn’t, and I wanted to learn them. Plus, you’re fucking gorgeous and somewhere around 90% my type.”
“And that’s how we ended up together,” Steve said, as Tony squeezed his hand. Pepper had challenged them to get $500k in personal donations that night, and it had ended up involving a lot of telling their story.
“No, what? No. I’m… no. I’m fucking around with that other guy still.”
“So, confession, years in East Africa have made me a real coffee snob,” Steve said. “Can we head to Bedford and Park? There’s a
“That’s Stark-Rogers, thank you very much,” Steve said primly, and crossed the room to kiss Tony’s forehead.
“Then trust me, Steve, cancel that date, and never see him again.”
Tony just gave Steve a look. Working Peter up like that right before dinner was never a good idea. Steve just looked a little sheepish but said nothing about it, instead focusing on the food. “Did you cook, Tones?”
As the worst thing anyone can do is forbid Steve from doing something, his spine straightened at that comment. “Thank you for your expert advice into my love life, Mr. Stark, but I believe I can manage myself.”
Tony stared out the window and ignored the pain radiating in his chest. The palladium was slowly eating him alive, and everything he’d tried to use to stop it had failed. He knew it was only a matter of time, now. He’d talked to Pepper that morning, made sure all his affairs were in order. By his and Dr. Cho’s calculations, he had about two months left. Perfect to finish the last prototype of the reactor to send to NASA and then die in peace.
The burn was so good.
You can have Manhattan
Steve finished the coffee and sighed. “No.”
“Steve, are you listening to me?”
There was a low whistle from everyone in the room.
“Yeah,” Steve said, with a grin twerking his lips almost against his will. “I am. He’s…”
“No, me and Ma, Buck and Erskine, they’re the only ones,” Steve said, with a tone of sadness. “So now, it’s just me.”
“Yeah.”
Steve looked up to see an irate man stalking towards them.
“Today, sure,” Rhodey conceded. “And I’d love to pretend that’s for me, but I think we both know it wasn’t.”
Steve knew he should thank Tony for being honest, tell him to find someone to do the surgery, and retire gracefully.
“Answer me, what the fuck are you doing?”
He knew he could search when he was out of the house, but he hit the firewalls on the oddest things - the word “elemental” was blocked, but Tony’s name wasn’t. He couldn’t find a recipe for chilli con carne, but he could learn everything he could ever want to know about baked chicken. The blocks were random - to Steve anyway - and only made him want to find more to see if he could discern a pattern. The only one he’d discovered so far was that anything to do with cardiac health was off limits - and combined with some of Tony’s physical symptoms, Steve had guessed something was wrong with his heart. What it was, though, was still a mystery.
“Buttercup, while your commentary on my life is always welcome, you’re missing the mark on this one. I simply think his artistic gift needs to be shared with a wider audience.”
“And your fingers can’t knot,” Tony said matter-of-factly.
He has to get up. He must.
“No! No, Clint, of course not.” And Phil just looks so hurt, shit, he just wants to crawl back in his bunk and forget this conversation ever happened. “We’re going to figure this out, we have some time. We’ll talk to the rest of the team and some contacts I have.” He inches closer and Clint tries to stay cool but fairly collapses against him. For all he was convinced Phil was sent to make him disappear, he’s never felt safer than when Phil’s arms are around him.
“Well, Clint, you were right on target. Right about three hours and forty-five minutes later, and the breakdown has arrived.”
“Steve.” Tony finally makes the eye contact he’s been avoiding. “We’re trying to make sure Obie’s plans don’t result in the death of any more people, particularly your team. I’m barely standing, and you look about as terrible as I feel. This is really not the time.”
“Sorry, I couldn’t call or anything and it took me a while to find you. You’re not in one of the main R&D offices, and I got a bit turned around.” There’s an old but comfortable looking couch occupying one corner of the lab, but Steve stays standing awkwardly just inside of the elevator.
“You can. You don’t, though.” Clint strides forward and invades Phil’s space. There’s no one in the office this late, besides Mollie reading her romance novels behind the acquisitions counter, so he reaches up and pulls Phil in by his tie, noses along his jaw to press a kiss below his ear. “So, what’s the occasion?”
“Well,” Steve starts kissing his mouth, then moves down his jaw and neck, interspersing his words with kisses. “Since I’m the first person ever, I guess I’ll just have to spend the rest of my life making up for the deficiency.” He sighs dramatically, “I suppose I have to tell you I love you every day for, oh, about thirty or forty years to make up for it.”
“Hi.”
“Interesting.” Tony has that light in his eyes again, the one he has when he’s unraveling a complicated problem. “So, you’re saying that I shouldn’t be held accountable for the things I was forced to do when I was defenseless and concerned for the health and safety of the people around me?”
) and finish the job, in addition to ensuring that there are no witnesses. Steve also knows that he will not be doing that.
Steve bursts through the door while managing to still cradle Tony against him, shield braced in front of them both. He lowers it slowly when he sees Obadiah sprawled on the ground, Pepper still calmly holding the pistol. Steve’s team stands in front of the body, similarly stunned and staring at the civilian with a firearm.
“Me too, god, Tony I’m there too. I wouldn’t trade meeting you for the world, and now that we get to have a real chance at this?” He leans forward to touch their foreheads together. “I swear, I’m never going to let anyone hurt you again. They’re going to have to go through me first.”
He fairly bounces out of his chair in excitement. “Peter Parker, from The Daily Bugle; Aren’t these business practices a little worrying? People have been worried about Stark Industries’ lack of transparency for years, and this hasn’t been any different. What are you doing to prove that this really is a new direction?”
“Obadiah?” Tony says hesitantly, still crouched over Yinsen. He shifts his body so he’s between the two of them. “What are you doing here?”
Steve holds him a little tighter as the elevator slides to a stop on Obiadiah’s floor. “Tony, I know I have no right to say this, but I’m so sorry – “
He’s still working on the phrasing.
Whenever they both have a free moment, he’s up in the lab or they’re in the rooftop garden together. They’re not
“Oh really? That long?”
“Tony,
“No, if you hadn’t been tricked into a
Thor, when he comes back, is larger than life in every way. (And since he seems to have an aversion to clothes, Tony does mean
“I think they were probably intimidated. It can’t be good for the ego, having to work in the same room as this brain.” Holy shit, have Steve’s eyes always been this blue? “They gave you your own space so you would stop making everyone else look bad. You did them all a service.”
They both dissolve into giggles, Steve collapsing more onto Tony and burying his face into his neck. Tony can feel where his lips are tracing three words into his skin, over and over again.
“Yeah, yeah, real original. Gimme.” Tony makes grabby hands for the sandwiches Steve brought with them. Steve tosses him one, and he catches and tears into it. There’s very little better than an authentic roast beef sandwich from whatever magical deli where Steve has connections, and Tony has killed men for less.
“I just shoved a piece of untested tech into my system. Yes, Steve, dying painfully was one of the possible outcomes.” Tony takes a deep breath, thankful that he can even do so, and coughs a little. “Jarvis, could I get an update on vital systems?”
Steve’s mouth opens and closes a few times. “Well, when you put it that way.”
It’s fine. He’s dealing. Badly.
a beautiful piece of engineering. Your father would be proud, Anthony. It’s a shame you were such a disappointment in every other way.” Obadiah looks down at him, considering. “I suppose I could shoot you, but I want you to know that you’ve failed. That despite all the labor and parts we put into keeping you alive, you still ended up beaten and broken. Goodbye, Anthony.”
“Oh my god, come on you guys. You have bedrooms for this sort of thing, there’s no need to – oh look, sandwiches!”
“In essence, it releases the four of you from your contracts and agrees to reimburse you any back pay you should have been owed. It cites a certain clause in your contracts which indicates that the contract can’t be signed under duress, and essentially admits to taking advantage of all of you when it was signed.” Phil shifts a little. “I also have the option to take a very reasonable severance package and leave the company with no ill will, or instead take an incredibly generous raise and stay, but that’s beside the point.”
“Because from the minute I was born I was a walking, talking science experiment. I was operated on for the first time when I was nine.” Tony breaks their eye contact and starts shredding the grass under his fingers. “You never knew Howard Stark, or at least I don’t think you ever formally met, but he wasn’t ever going to be the world’s greatest dad. Not that he would have cared, he never tried to hide that Stark Industries would always be his biggest focus. A lot of what was done later was necessary, from when I was young and angry and tried pretty hard to destroy my body. Drugs, drinking, physical exhaustion, you name it, I’ve done it over and over again. I’ve been put under and operated on so many times I’ve lost track. If you asked, Jarvis could tell you the exact percentage of original human I have left in my body, but believe me, it’s not a lot.”
Also, please heed the warnings, shit gets a little darker here on out.
She won’t go out with him, which is definitely a smart move on her part. Everyone’s read the stories in the tabloids about Tony Stark and his revolving door of different beautiful women (and men, but those stories tend to stay quiet, paid off by Obie). No rational woman would willingly enter into a relationship with a man with those kinds of extracurricular activities. To be fair, Tony probably wouldn’t even date himself at this point.
Once his head stops ringing enough for him to sit up and push himself standing, Steve slowly makes his way out of the labyrinth of laboratories. The elevator is, strangely, currently disabled, so he ends up taking the stairs. What he knows he should be doing is locating where Tony took the mark (
-----
Steve frowns. “I’m a sinkhole?”
The cold realization hits Tony as the imposing figure of the Repo Man strides forward. With a lightning fast flick of the wrist, the figure’s arm launches what looks like a discus, no, a
Natasha bites her lip and shifts closer to Clint. “Did you tell him?”
(No one comments on the protectors that now prowl the streets, ensuring that the weak and defenseless are never again exploited. The only people that fear them have good reason to, and more often than not they’re left at the door of the police station to be punished to the fullest extent of the law.)
She purses her lips and lays her head on his shoulder. “I’m sorry. I can’t imagine.”
“What’s that noise for?”
Uh...I'm sorry in advance?
“Or you implode in on yourself like a very, very depressing sinkhole.” Clint swings himself up onto the top bunk. “And how quickly it gets to meltdown is directly proportional to how much of a shitty situation it is. And this one is mega, ultra fucked up.”
Steve manages to fit the vibranium sample into the reactor, then looks between it and Tony’s chest nervously. “Now what?”
Steve almost
And even better, it’s not just that he’s loved; he’s loved by
America loves him, and he feels like he’s flying. It’s like that first time flying in the suit, the world fading below him as he goes ever higher.
Steve whips around to find the man seated at the bar next to him smirking and raising an eyebrow at his order. He's attractive, though very pale under olive-toned skin, but his eyes are warm and dark and they draw Steve in immediately.
“Another folder in the archives was found, marked ‘Backup Plans’. Do you want me to scan and sort it like the others? I could also, perhaps, send some to Mr. Yinsen for him to look over?”
Steve blinks at him. “What?” He looks over at Phil and demands again, “What?”
Tony strides into his second favorite, maybe third, place to be not even remotely paying attention to his surroundings. All his digging and trawling in the old as fuck archives has finally come to fruition, he found
“Yes, sir. In Ms. Potts’ office. In times like these I have been programmed to contact the authorities, but something is blocking my signal and I can’t access any communication device outside of the company network. I am attempting to find a solution, but I would recommend hurrying, sir, as I don’t see this situation ending particularly well.”
yes, I get it. But you have to make
An uncontrollable snort escapes Steve, though he tries valiantly to school his face serious again. He catches Tony sneaking a look out him out of the corner of his eye and gives up on hiding his amusement. Some of the tension drains out of Tony’s figure, and he relaxes even more once he steps out onto the lawn of the rooftop park.
There’s a cold, sinking pit in Clint’s stomach that’s just opened up, and he doesn’t know what to do with this information. “So what’s this, are you here to fire me? Or eliminate me? Is this some kind of gentlemanly warning that I don’t have the handbook for?” Christ, if he has to watch as Phil kills him, or worse
“Please. I don’t need to eavesdrop.” He toasts Steve with his own glass of what looks like gin and tonic. “Recovering alcoholic. I can identify a drink at twenty paces.” Seltzer dressed up as gin and tonic, then.
“No,” Obadiah says, “Just those who have outlived their value.” He clicks through the plasma screens again and she sees faces she knows so well flick by; it’s Clint and Bucky on call tonight, her little hawk and the maddening soldier. She is acutely aware that this man could disappear any of them and no one would know, only four other people would care. Her knuckles go white briefly on the edge of her tablet before relaxing. “That will be all, Ms. Rushman.”
It’s been two weeks since he met the elusive “Steve”, and his trips to the bar are now bordering on compulsive. Before everything went down with Stane and the company, this would have been the tamest thing he’d ever done. Now, he gets sweaty and panicked if he doesn’t have his back to the wall, and even then, he’s tense and ready for anything to happen.
Pepper is a marvelous actress, and even Tony manages to look at least slightly concerned, but Steve isn’t too worried about people looking too hard for Obadiah Stane. The man wasn’t well loved to say the least and in Steve’s experience, as long as the company still provides organs to people who need them, people are content to look the other way.
“You said ‘first’, so what’s the second thing I got wrong? Come on, I have to know. I’m kind of a genius, this whole being wrong thing is very weird for me.”
“Well, what changed your mind? Since you were so goddamn generous before.” Tony’s eyes flick to the security camera, swiveling on its base. Jarvis has protocols in place for what to do if Tony’s life is ever in danger, and he can only hope they’ve been activated now.
Let me know what you think? This is my first fic with like Real Emotional Problems and if I'm handling them well/badly, please let me know
“Sir?” Natasha waits silently at the door for further instruction, tablet lighting up her face in the dim office. Obadiah Stane stands with his back to her, facing the plasma screens that hang behind his desk. He’s got a tracking screen open, red dots making trails around a map of the city, and a smaller area enlarged with a single dot tracking around a floor plan. Headshots of her team, the ones on duty anyway, their vitals on display.
-----
It works too well. Tony’s head snaps around and focuses on him with that laser-like intensity that he had when Steve first walked in, only now it doesn’t ease up. He feels scanned, he feels seen, and Tony looks him all over before declaring: “No.”
The elevator ride up to Pepper’s office is the longest of Tony’s life, but he hardly expects it to be otherwise under the circumstances. Yinsen is still barely conscious, a little blood trickling from the cut on his temple, and Tony knows his own face is drawn and defeated. Pepper is going to be horrified, and rightly so, but he's out of options.
than – anything else.
But maybe he can take another minute, first. Just one.
the immediate danger has passed. Also, who fucking designed these suits? They look stupid, and the helmet mask thing is really hard to get off. They should have –
Despite numerous attempts to drive him away, and plenty of situations where walking away would have been the easiest option, James becomes Rhodey and earns his title of Best Friend. Tony learns how to interact with someone who doesn’t want his money, and Rhodey finds stability in the one person he never expected would have it. Tony may be wild, but he is a constant; anytime Rhodey asks, he’s there. They’re there for each other, and it’s really that simple. Until it’s not.
“And here I thought I was doing you a favor,” Obadiah sneers. The gun follows Tony as he moves away from the desk. “Since your cowardly father tried so damn hard to keep you alive, I thought it would be a shame to let all that work go to waste. But now I’m of the opinion that I should have sold you for parts. It would have saved me a lot of trouble.”
“Sure, it is.” Steve looks down at his hands. “You’ve always been able to make me laugh, Tony. I’ve never felt more like myself, or less like a monster, than when I’m with you.”
Unfortunately, Anthony didn’t always see this as the honor his father believed it to be. Anthony had a reckless youth, full of drinking and cavorting, doing all sorts of things that a father would never approve of, especially one grooming his son to be a leader. These particular extracurriculars also had the side effect of destroying Anthony’s body, while trying to escape from the prison that was his quicksilver mind.
Tony sighs. “You’re right, but I figured making you laugh would be easier than talking about our feelings.”
Steve drags his hands down his face and takes a deep breath. He knows they love him and they’re just trying to show him they care. But he’s not a child. “Listen. I appreciate this, really. And I won’t tell you not to go snooping around for his file, because I know you already have. But
“But hey,” he starts again, trying to infuse some cheerfulness into his voice to break Tony out of whatever weird, trance-like state he’s in. “If I hadn’t undergone a Procedure, you never would have looked twice at me, so there’s some good that came out of it.”
Tony grins and straightens his sleeves as the elevator comes to a gentle stop. “Aw, J. You sure know how to make a girl feel special. This is why you’re my favorite.”
isn’t part of it, but he can’t help it. Regardless, thoughts like that aren’t going to solve the problem in front of them. “I’m sorry, Natasha.”
“I’m not dancing around this shit.” Tony’s mouth sets in a firm line. “Steve, do you think I’m an abomination?”
“That’s the best part! The bar is in the basement of an old research building; it’s technically Stark property. We’ll be five minutes away, max.” He walks over and slings the metal arm around Steve’s neck, drags him down so he can give him a noogie with his other arm. “You’re gonna deprive the world of this beautiful face? We paid good money for all this.” He squishes Steve’s face in his hand and makes a face at him in the mirror. Steve bites down on a smile and shoves him away, jabbing a finger at the ticklish space under his ribs. He ducks as Bucky yelps, and laughs at the affronted look on his face.
“Now,
“Steve?” God, his voice is pathetically weak, and he clears his throat before he tries again. “Steve, I could use a hand. Two, even, if you’ve got another one to spare.”
But, Steve. Steve is something special.
“Obie…left with the…reactor.” Speaking is really fucking hard when your blood oxygen is at less than optimal levels. “Have to make sure Pepper’s okay.”
him, and because I had to shove my hand into his chest and cause him massive amounts of pain to make sure he didn't die. And because Tony has been through absolute hell today, and the last thing he needs right now is me hanging around like an infection that won’t go away.”
“He wouldn’t. He couldn’t have used his real name, could he? That would be –“
“And two,” Once they’re in the elevator, Tony can catch his breath again and finish his epic speech, “If you walk me into a hospital, you’re going to spend an hour explaining to people how I can possibly be alive, and the next three trying to find someone who can understand the fucked up mechanics I’ve got going on in my body. And you’re not gong to be able to find anyone because the only person-“ Tony stops, closing his eyes against the momentary wave of anguish. “The only person who knew how to treat me was just shot.”
“But…he’s dead. Hasn’t he been dead for years?”
To say Howard wasn’t an involved parent was a massive understatement. He barely looked at Tony, much less professed any sort of affection for him. Even when he was a child, Howard tried to hold him to an impossible set of standards, and Tony always fell short. The nannies hired to handle him were nice, but never really understood Tony or his quicksilver mind, and as a result did their job and nothing more. He was kept in the manor and away from the general population of children, because he was still the son of Howard Stark and it wouldn’t be right for him to interact with normal children. So yes, Tony grew up without people around him to coddle him. But everyone has to grow up sometimes, he just happened to be an early bloomer.
Clint forces a sardonic smile. “Nothing more than usual, just a complication. Tasha knows the mark.”
Bruce is a god-send, his science bro, the person he can hide in the lab with for hours. Physics and engineering go together quite well, and Bruce is the first new roomie he’s really comfortable around. Giant green rage monster and all. They get along even better once Bruce stops trying to convince him to do yoga and drink kale smoothies and Tony stops poking Bruce with random sharp objects.
“I don’t think even Cosmo has the answer on this one. Unfortunately, I know what I have to do.” Jarvis alerts them that he’s finished rendering, and Tony gets up to move to the chair with a sigh. “I have to have a goddamn adult conversation about my feelings.”
his name is
“Yeah, sure. That’s why they have me alone, ‘cause I don’t play well with others.” He knows his smile is more of a baring of teeth than an expression of happiness, but this hits too close to home. He’s not proud of who he was, and he’s barely started to become someone he actually likes, he doesn’t really want to be reminded that he’s still being punished for who his dad was. He turns his head quickly, startled out of the thought, at the gentle touch of fingers to his cheek.
“Yes, sir.” Natasha – Natalie here, but always truly Natasha – makes a note on her tablet. “And is there a particular criteria that you want me to base the testing group on?”
“Jarvis, lock the entrances to the park, make sure no one gets in while we’re here.”
The assassins stay on at the company, for the most part. They disappear for months at a time, but they always return to their found family in the end.
“Yeah, Jarvis?”
“He wouldn’t have listened.” Bucky crosses his arms again. “Plus, they’re completely stupid over each other. One of them is going to slip up and say something, and then it’ll all be out anyway. And Steve won’t hate us for telling him too soon. It’s a win-win.”
Steve puts his head in his hands. “There’s nothing left to fix. I closed that door the minute I walked into that lab, I doubt he’ll ever want to see me again.”
He blinks at movement in the doorway, two blurry figures departing, one supporting the other. He blinks again and everything clears a little more. Even half blinded, he would recognize the shape of Tony’s body anywhere, and Steve’s heart almost stops. He’s completely frozen, unable to move or reconcile what he’s seeing with the two distinct boxes he had stuffed his life into. But when he makes eye contact with Tony and he sees the haunted, broken look on his face, he knows that those two boxes have collided. Worse, he knows that Tony knows, and with that knowledge he has destroyed everything that they had started to build together.
“Sure, J, let me know if you find anything interesting.” It was nice to know that Jarvis hadn’t given up on him, even when everyone else had. Sad, but still sweet. Tony smooths the flesh colored bandage over the arc reactor, dimming the tell-tale blue light before pulling on his shirt. “Daddy’s going out, don’t wait up. Activate the dummy tracker but continue vitals and toxicity monitoring.”
“Hey.” Tony reaches out and touches Steve’s arm gently. “It’s okay. You’re worth waiting for.”
Tony. And I’ve never met someone so real, so genuine and unafraid to be themselves. I’ve never met anyone like you, no one could even come close. You’re beautiful, Tony, you
“I – goddammit.” Steve huffs when he sees Tony trying not to laugh. “Fine, then. Guess I won’t see you.”
Natasha opens her mouth to protest but closes it at the gentle hand Bucky lays on her arm, and at the look of understanding he gives her.
The figure turns on the little screen, towards the door Tony knows he’s currently hiding behind. It stalks forward, and Tony glances around frantically for something, anything. He grabs a fire extinguisher and waits beside the door.
Tony is breathless, and he has no response to that except: “Goddammit, Steve, if you don’t kiss me
Perhaps this is where their story ends. Or maybe there are more adventures in their future. Either way, the most important thing is that they’ll never face them alone.
But he has a job to do, he’s a superhero for god’s sake. So Tony goes on.
“I can only show you if you pay attention,” Yinsen tuts. “I don’t know what could possibly be more important than the device keeping you alive.”
Muffled gunshots echo through the door to Obiadiah’s office, shocking the two of them out of the weird staring contest they’re caught in.
much therapy.”
Tony winces and makes himself look away from the door, pulling a stack of napkins closer to him and making grabby hands at Darcy until she rolls his eyes and gives over a pen. He starts doodling at first to keep his eyes off the door, but as usually happens he falls into a rhythm. It’s a bit harder without Jarvis to help, but he ends up making good progress on some pseudocode for the region-restricting and automatic failure software Obadiah had wanted thoughts on.
Obadiah is actually the one who hires her, in a startling twist. She’s the last in a very long line of personal assistants. The last one left after only three weeks in his fabulous company. (In all honesty, he probably could have refrained from offering her a threesome with him and the lovely girl he had brought home from a gala.) From the first, Pepper is ruthless efficiency and fiery determination wrapped in a perfectly poised and professional package. She takes absolutely none of his shit, and is even good at deflecting the people he really can’t stand. He might be a little bit in love.
“Wait, but if they can terminate people via the network, does that mean they’re not going to need a Repossession team anymore?” Clint looks at Phil and sees his own worry mirrored there. He steps back, puts some distance between them. “Phil?”
“Or his employees just know what’s what,” Bucky returns, sliding into the half-circle booth, casually stretching one arm across the back. “I always thought Howard would have been too uptight for something like this.” He reaches to steal a sip of Natasha’s drink, but she slaps his hand away and mutters something dark at him. He retreats, pouting and rubbing at the red mark forming.
“Did you see him just now? Definitely love. And feelings that big always lead to fallout.”
“What the hell are these? Who uses a bow any more, much less a shield?”
A young man, likely not older than thirty, runs through an alley. His breath comes quickly, and he sends panicked glances behind him as he flees, stumbling in his haste to get away from his pursuer. He bangs on doors and windows as he goes, gasping for help, but the occupants are either out or know better than to intervene because no one answers his pleas.
The elevator closes behind them and Pepper sags, all the steel going out of her spine in a rush of air. “Jesus, Tony. Are you alright? Is Yinsen…”
Uh, warning for beating up on little Steve just a bit
“Yeah, it is,” Tony agrees, eyes now glued to where Steve’s pulse thrums in his throat. He looks away when Steve glances back, ignoring any heat that spreads across the back of his neck at being caught watching. Tony clears his throat and focuses very hard on some pigeons sitting on the edge of the roof, “It’s nice to come up here, even just for a little bit. Especially when things are a bit – much.”
The figure crashes to the ground, unmoving, but Tony doesn’t stop to check, vaulting over the body to check on Yinsen. He’s still out cold, but his pulse is strong. Tony has to get him out of here,
“Shitshitshitshit-“ Tony paces the confined space of his prison quietly, vacillating between storming out to drag Yinsen back into this safe place with him and staying put to honor Yinsen’s wishes. He hasn’t made a decision when a loud bang from the other room forces his hand. Rushing back to the screens, Tony holds his breath as the light from the hall illuminates a hulking figure standing in the doorway, a medical type case in one hand and a large, round object in the other. There’s only one job he knows of that requires a black, almost shiny, easily cleaned suit, a helmet with glowing eyes, and a carrying case.
“Thanks, Tony. Uh, can I buy you a drink? Or not a drink, if you’re not drinking?” He sounds so goddamn hopeful, where did this guy come from?
anymore. Is it awkward? Fuck yeah. The first three months are basically just them trying not to kill each other and learning to live together in the Tower, so of course it’s going to be awkward. But once they fit, it becomes a comfortable, pseudo-family unit. No one expected it, but they all (secretly) love it.
“Didn’t have a chance before you two barged in.” Clint nudges Phil forward.
Steve bites his lip and traces the signature with a delicate touch. “Yeah. Yes, it does.”
--------
does any of that mean?” The door is slammed in his face before the sentence is all the way out, and Tony’s stuck in this stupid unused back lab. But even an unused lab should have –
“Those all for you? Seems like you’re starting out a bit strong.”
“You’re such a sap, Rogers.”
“For the genius, lone-wolf head of Research and Development of Stark Industries? C’mon, there’s nothing you can’t handle.” Steve scoots closer and nudges their shoulders together. He’s warm, Steve is always so warm, it’s a shock particularly in the cold air of the lab. It contrasts sharply with the cold weight sitting in Tony’s chest as he lies to Steve’s face.
“Yes?” Steve looks up innocently from where he’s kissing down Tony’s stomach.
But you shouldn’t listen to these things, Dear Reader. They’re just rumors. And nothing good has ever come from rumors.
“Tony?” Steve steps slowly out of the elevator and into the brightly lit lab. It’s somewhat familiar, the gleaming chrome surfaces bringing up memories that he determinedly shoves back in their mental box, but there’s just enough wire and circuit boards cluttering the tables and even the floor to make it more
“Steve?”
Steve comes back to awareness with a splitting headache and a sunken feeling in the pit of his stomach indicating that something is very, very wrong. It takes a second for him to place where he is, the lab unfamiliar, none of the warmth and good feeling he associates with Tony’s. As his head clears, his memories start to come back too, flashes of movement, entering the lab and seeing the mark, taking aim. Hearing a sound from the back of the lab, reacting, then pain in the back of his head and darkness.
“Yeah, Jarvis?” Tony frowns a little and looks at the schematic Jarvis has pulled up for him, he usually doesn’t interrupt when Steve’s here.
“Then shoot me! Just fucking shoot me and have it over with, why even bother with this stupid fucking extended supervillain monologue?”
“How do you see me?” Good God, if his voice were any breathier, he’d be a heroine from a romance novel. But there’s nothing that could make him take back that question, there’s nothing he wants to hear more than the answer to that question.
Okay maybe not exactly that. But there has to be a reason Tony is so twitchy and pale, and even in the worst-case scenarios he’s dreamed up nothing has measured up to “I’m a glorified intern by day, mass murderer by night, and on top of that I have serious self-worth problems that carried over into my brand-new body that my best friend bought and paid for with his soul.”
“Are you inviting an alcoholic to hang out at a bar?” Tony raises a single eyebrow.
“Fine, mostly quiet. We got a notice about a half hour ago, pretty quick job.” He shrugs a little. “You? Still filling in for Stane’s assistant?”
“ He falls silent as the door slides open again, and Tony lifts his head to ask Pepper for –
“And you know we’re gonna give you shit until you do it.” Bucky slides a credit card across the table and settles back against the back of the booth. “Might as well cut your losses.”
“Because I am I.R.O.N. Man. I am every single bad thing you’ve heard about me, and a million more you haven’t. But since I’m the product of my father’s greed, it’s my responsibility to fix it and prove that SI is better than that. And I’m damn well going to succeed.”
“Of course, Sir. Have a good outing.”
“My pleasure, Just Steve. I’m Tony.”
“Oh, that’s where you’re wrong, son. He has everything to do with this, ever since he batted his pretty blue eyes at you and you lost your focus. I had already slated you to be dealt with when the remote termination software came online, but he’s the one that got you bumped up the list. You have become doe eyed and emotional; you’re
Anthony. Remember: ‘The wild, cruel beast is not behind the bars of the cage. He is in front of it.’”
And because it’s Phil, Clint does.
And so, Steve Rogers finishes a night’s work.
He turns on his heel and walks away. Tony listens intently to every footstep, for the barely audible noise of the door sliding open and shut signaling his exit. Then, Tony pushes himself up to sitting, and pulls both the prototype reactor and the vibranium that Yinsen (
Steve pulled back and looked at him, then said, “You’re so perceptive and thoughtful. Thank you, it means so much to me,” and he kissed him on the forehead before saying,
Tony pushes himself back and stands on autopilot, lurches towards where Yinsen is still hunched over the table. Tony rouses him enough to get his arm up and around his own shoulders and starts towards the door. He sees the tablet he had been working on when he came in and takes it with him as he leads Yinsen out of the lab. He has to get to Pepper, she has to know something about this, about why Yinsen was targeted, and how to fix it, there has to be a way to fix it. Pepper will have the answers, and then Tony can start fixing his monumentally fucked up personal life.
love Steve? (He’s pretty sure there are some supervillains who love Steve. Loki keeps giving him the side-eye.)
“Can’t I stop by just to say hello?” Coulson stays exactly where he is, but his eyes rake over Clint’s form with completely genuine appreciation.
“Oh, god. And Steve was –“
For once, Tony’s completely silent, pacing back and forth in front of the couch with the manic energy that infuses everything he does, but it’s turned inward, dampened somehow, and Steve doesn’t like it. It magnifies the uneasy feeling he’s had since he laid eyes on the chair, like everything had tilted slightly out of balance.
So it’s really not surprising that the first time Steve says “I love you” to him, he falls over.
He lays there for a few moments, trying to process what Steve just said. He knew they were getting closer, more comfortable in the relationship and with each other, but he hadn’t realized they had hit the “I love you” point. Of course he loves Steve, how can you
“Good lord, I’m not going to bite.” Tony leers a little. “Not unless you ask nicely.”
“Tell me what?” Steve shifts back from Bucky, wiping his cheeks quickly. “Did something happen?”
“You can. You just don’t.” Her tone says icy disinterest, but her raised eyebrow is what betrays her. He’s got her, he knows he does. “What is it?”
Something moves in the alley behind him, a slight shifting of shadows, but it is enough to send our young man into a panic and he falls to the ground, scrambling away from the specter. He corners himself behind a dumpster, and that’s when he starts begging.
“Sir, I am happy to report that all organ systems are receiving sufficient power. According to your vital signs, you should fully recover within minutes.” There’s a slight pause, one that sometimes occurs when Jarvis is compiling information. “It appears that the new reactor is only operating at eighty percent power, due to misaligned connections. Once the power transfer is maximized, I believe you will have excess energy available for ancillary uses.”
“Shut it, Stark.” And Steve leans in to seal his pronouncement with a kiss.
“Hey now. You’re our Captain, you can fix anything.” Bucky tips their foreheads together. “And even if you can’t, you’re gonna be okay. Might not seem like it now, but you will.”
“You’re putting a lot of faith in their stupidity.” She looks up at him, doubtful.
It’s time to shed a little light, Dear Reader, on some events of the recent past of which you might not be aware.  You see, Obadiah Stane was not who Howard Stark had intended to inherit his pride and joy. No, that honor fell to the heir apparent, his son Anthony.
If nothing else, Natasha is truly accomplished at hiding bodies, and there’s no way anyone will be stumbling over Stane any time soon.
“You – that might have
Tony smiles again but this time it’s not so bitter. It’s sad, determined, and 100% Tony.
The bar is exactly what he feared; dark with blind spots everywhere, people huddled around the bar itself and at tables in the back. It’s only through a feat of divine intervention (or perhaps divine engineering) that Clint can spot them, and they’re waved over to the table he’s commandeering with Natasha.
Kudos would be lovely, and be sure to leave a comment if you have something to say! I love hearing from people and I promise I'll respond!
“Well, that is good to know.” Tony heaves himself up with a fair amount of help from Steve, whose concerned hand he brushes off once he’s able to stand on his own. “I think that’ll have to wait ‘til after we get this shitshow straightened out, though.”
For a while Steve just watches Tony work, marveling at how focused he is, how his hands move quickly, testing and prodding attachments and bundles of wires. His own fingers itch for the pad and pencil he brought with him, or a tablet if he absolutely must.
Tony groans and drops his head to the bench in front of him, bringing it back up to wipe at whatever sticky, oily thing was now on his forehead. “
“Uh, yeah, sure. I’m gonna go meet Tony though, so if we could make it quick-?”
Steve muffles a sigh as he drops his cooler at the deposit desk and forces a smile for Mollie, always chipper despite her morbid job. She returns the smile and starts removing the contents of the cooler, tagging and bagging the synthetic organs with efficiency. He moves on, swiping his ID to open a door marked “Repossessions”. The door slides open to reveal a combination bunkroom and armory, and a familiar figure lounging on the bottom mattress of a bunk bed.
“Yinsen! My absolute favorite engineer, what have you got for me?”
“A meeting? A meeting about what? I thought being dead to the world meant I didn’t have to deal with meetings and bureaucracy anymore.” He shudders in disgust, crossing to a console to authorize Jarvis to run a blood toxicity test.
owes me a drink and I intend on collecting.”
Clint nods at Natasha’s bent head. “Tash has a contact, used to be Anthony Stark’s personal assistant. She’s a senior V.P. now, but she still slums it with the admin assistants when she’s in the mood. Pepper, I think. Nice lady, great rack.” He hisses and jerks away from where she got him in the ribs. “What? I’m allowed to look.”
To look at her, Steve never would have guessed that Pepper had shot a man dead only hours before. Perfectly pressed and poised, she looks as if she had stepped up to the podium from the pages of a fashion magazine. Or he assumes, anyway. Steve doesn’t read a lot of fashion magazines.
“Don’t you talk about him.” Tony very near snarls the words, unprepared for the rush of possessive rage that rises in his throat at the mention of Steve’s name. “He has nothing to do with this.”
“How cool is this?” Clint says, downing half his beer in one go. “A bar in the basement of an R&D building? I knew Howard Stark was on the level.”
He can’t quite articulate the feeling that the burning, exploding towns gave him, or the buildings falling around him while he flew with aliens. He can’t tell her how every time he helps his teammate or saves an innocent, he hates himself just that much less.
” He breathes out harshly and flexes his fingers where his knuckles have gone white. “So, they strapped me to a chair – like that one – and stuck me with something, I still don’t know what, but it burned like hell and I woke up like this. Bucky signed his own life over to Stark Industries to make sure I still had one to live. And then I did the same for him when he lost his arm – vehicle accident, never found the driver. I signed, they strapped him in, and he had an arm back.”
“Now we’re talking!” Clint goes to slide out of the booth, but Natasha grabs his arm and holds him in place.
“I think he’s the product of a failed experiment that Putin did to captured American soldiers back in the early aughts, and that somehow he’s basically super human,” Tony stated. “I think he has a 100% kill rate on all the targets he’s rumored to be asked to take out, and I think he’s a ghost. There are maybe four people in my line of work who have connected Barnes and The Soldier, because he’s that fucking good.”
“The one who I don’t get to know about?” Bucky clarified.
“Hey!” Bucky protested.
Because there were also ways Tony was a complete vault. He would not tell Steve what was going on with his health, or that he was getting worse. His temper was sharper than his wit, and the firewalls on the internet in the house were no joke. Steve wasn’t a hacker or anything, and when you told him he couldn’t know something, he had to know it.
That particular puzzle was interrupted by a change of song in his ears. This wasn’t Spotify changing songs, however, it was Sam calling. Steve didn’t feel like a chat, so he fished his phone out of his pocket and hit ‘ignore.’
Steve snorted a giggle.
The first twelve weeks after a knee replacement were crucial to the long-term recovery of the patient. Conveniently for Tony and Steve, their forthcoming son was due in sixteen weeks, so only having a month of wiggle room wasn’t the best, but it was better than nothing.
known the price of milk, but he wasn’t about to start buying bottled water from Finland when tap was just fine.
Steve sighed. Tony hadn’t been wrong that Bucky was furious. He’s stomped into the room several hours before, covered in grass stains and still in his uniform. Tony had eventually forced him into the staff showers and given him a pair of scrubs to wear, but the first hour or so while they waited for Dr. Strange was full of a lot of half-completed sentences, laced with cursing.
Steve put the car into gear and started to navigate the directions he was given. Tony leaned over and turned up the radio, and the sounds of AC/DC rolled through the speakers. That was one of Tony’s signals for ‘no talking’ and usually it happened because they’d bickered, or because he was making a point.
Yup, a completely open, utterly confusing man with the biggest heart that may be failing him.
“We have approximately three hundred interns in this building who could do this,” Tony said.
“Be that as it may -“ Nat started.
Pepper cleared her throat behind him and he jumped a bit. He’d been so busy staring at Tony that he forgot he was supposed to meet him halfway up the aisle. They’d decided to do their vows literally in the middle of everyone they loved. Pepper was officiating the ceremony - she was also carrying their surrogate child, but no one knew about that yet - and they’d all written it together.
Steve shook his head, and dropped the IKEA bag he’d been carrying. As he and Bucky got to work setting up the arch under which Bucky and Sam would exchange their vows, Steve couldn’t shake the idea that this pop-up wedding needed a bit more planning.
“True,” Steve said. He captured Tony’s mouth for another kiss.
He was nearly lost in thought completely when he heard someone reciting numbers that sounded oddly familiar.
Bucky nearly screeched.
Tony stepped away from Steve for the first time and looked at Bucky. “You’ve heard of it?”
Peter blushed. “Well, Miss Potts said that with the early market tests looking the way they were, it would be a good idea to make a bit of a splash.”
“Tony said no, pal.” Bucky said gently.
Tony’s eyes snapped from the tablet to Steve’s, and Steve could not read the expression on his face.
“Full replacement?”
Tony hummed into Steve’s skin. “Maybe. I just like the idea that once the universe syncs you, no one can fuck with it.”
“Sure.”
“We talked about getting monkey ligaments -”
“You know everyone,” Steve said, wrapping his fingers in the massaging gloves he always used on breaks.
“I love you, too,” Tony replied. “I could kill you with my thumb right now, but I love you.”
“You’re doing just fine, handsome,” she replied. “I’ve been at this for a long time; third generation. Quick tip, just remember that you’re inviting us to be a part of changing someone’s life. You’re giving us an opportunity, you’re not asking for our money.”
And so it went for a few more weeks. July ticked into August, and Steve’s contract was nearly at an end. He knew he was completely in love with Tony, and if Tony would give him the time of day, he’d forget Brock Rumlow existed so fast it would seem like an Eternal Sunshine brain erase.
“I’m -”
“What the fuck are you doing?”
“Touché.”
Harold and Coraline looked at each other for a second, and Steve’s heart skipped a beat that maybe he and Tony would still be like that in fifty years. “You can put us down for five hundred thousand over the next five years,” Harold said decisively.
Without waiting for Tony’s reply, he stalked out the house and into Brock’s car.
Steve wondered.
“Yeah, Tony?”
“Not what I meant,” Tony muttered. He took another sip of his Old Fashioned.
A man had his limits.
Steve looked over his shoulder at Tony. They’d been doing more social-y things together over the past few weeks, but nothing as overt as this. It had been more like meals together, or Tony allowing Steve to sit in the workshop when his heavy lifting wasn’t required.
“Tony, whatever you’re terrified of, I’m guessing it’s not as real as you think it is,” Pepper said gently. “He asks about you whenever we book him; and rumor around town is that he has a thing for facial hair. I think you may want to shoot your shot, love.”
“He’s currently on the helipad, sir,” the AI replied smoothly. “I believe a shipment has arrived.”
“I choose door C, leaving entirely,” Steve said.
Tony reached up a shaky hand and pulled Steve down to his mouth for true love’s kiss.
“It’s tops and tails,” Steve replied. “I didn’t have a choice.”
His words scraped across Tony’s soul. Like he didn’t already daydream about staying alive long enough to learn everything that made Steve happy. But he wasn’t going to. The palladium that housed the reactor keeping him alive was bleeding into his bloodstream. He’d die without the reactor and die with it, and all this summer was for was throwing as much scientific spaghetti at the wall as he could to make sure it never happened to anyone else.
Their remaining 74 tickets had sold out in three minutes.
“While I’m sure your heartfelt confession was heard,” Dr. Cho said with a kind smile, “I have a feeling it’s more due to the antidote I just injected.”
“What’s this?”
“And me,” Tony said softly. He wound an arm under Steve so that Steve could see the inside of his wrist.
“You guys have been married for eight years,” Bucky said, “and sniffing around each other for, what, five years before that? And that whole time, you’ve both been in professional and personal pressure cookers. Youse had a plan, and you fucked with the plan, and neither of you react well when the other one does that.”
Steve had been sure the plan would die as the hangovers started, but Sam and Bucky proved them all wrong. Steve tried to talk them out of it, but Nat reminded him that they were grown adults who had been dating for three years and probably were ready to get married anyway. She was just the straw that broke the camel’s back.
“Firm and fast, and hit my slit with your thumb,” Tony said.
“Claude it is, then.”
“No, none of that unless you’re enlisted,” Jim said. “I get enough ‘sir’s and shit up at Dix. Jim is fine.”
Both metaphorically and literally.
Then, as quickly as they’d connected, Tony blinked and turned away.
“Oh fuck,” Bucky said. He put down his beer bottle and went back to marinating the chicken. “You’ve fallen for him.”
“Wow, I take back the smart,” the man said with an eyebrow raised. “It’s not a quick favor, you wanna know what it is first before you agree?”
Hang on to them all
Steve’s palms were sweaty as the doorbell sounded. He’d been directed to a suite at the Four Seasons in the Financial District - one that conveniently could have meetings of any fashion, and not just naked ones. The app response told him to wear anything he wanted, and to feel free to order food to be sent to the room if he wanted to talk over snacks before the main event.
Why it made him ache for that was a feeling best left unexamined.
You can have Manhattan
“Right, stacked blonde guy with a beard. Good thing we’re in Brooklyn and that narrows things down.”
Bucky didn’t say anything in return, and Steve felt the flood of tears breach the emotional damn he’d been relying on for the past several hours.
“You want me to ask Lang if you can have a cookie first?”
“Baby,” Sarah said from her place on the opposite couch, where she was going through a pile of cookbooks to decide what to make for the boys’ homecoming dinner the following weekend. “Steve has helped a few hundred thousand people have access to sustainable water, can we cut him some slack that he doesn’t know about Iron Man and his magic reactor?”
Steve nodded.
“He just knows your name is Tony, and I’m working doing minor construction stuff. That’s what the NDA says, and so that’s what he knows,” Steve replied.
“Master Rogers is on a run, shall I summon him home?” JARVIS’ question penetrated both the silence in the room and the noise in Tony’s head.
“He’s not -”
“I didn’t say you couldn’t,” Bucky said slowly, “you just never have before.”
“I know what they look like, Tony, that’s why I’m here,” Steve snapped.
Steve the Peace Corps hero who was practically ungoogleable because there were so many fucking Steves in Brooklyn, and even Tony’s flexible morals stopped at hacking Peace Corps records to track down a hot man he met once.
“Oh thank fuck,” Tony said. “If I had to keep doing this when it started snowing, I was going to be grumpy, I can’t lie, Steve.”
Steve nodded, and Tony ambled off. Steve’s eyes followed him all the way back to the house, which is when he became vaguely aware that Bucky was talking to him.
“Won’t really calm down until after the surgery,” Tony replied.
“I’m fully aware,” Pepper said.
“We good? Steve clarified.
“You were saying?”
“And Nat, Sam, Clint, and Bucky,” Tony said with a slight smile. “You brought a traveling circus with you, sweetheart, and I’m glad.”
“You’re not ethically or legally allowed to treat me,” Steve replied, “and maybe our relationship is clouding your judgement.”
As he headed off the raised stage and towards their dressing room, he felt the heat of a stare at his back. He turned swiftly and caught Tony’s eyes. The heat in them burned Steve’s clothes off.
Steve swore,
Everyone.
“I made the play so that we’d win the game, Anthony,” Steve snapped, “because that’s what I’m paid to do and I want to model professionalism for our kid. Why are you so fucking obsessed with future hypotheticals?”
Steve flipped him off with the hand that wasn’t grounded to Nat and let out a deep sigh. “I need to go home.”
“What event are you working tonight?” Bucky called from the couch.
“I regret ever meeting you,” Tony replied.
“Pot, kettle.”
“Why are you here, Colin?”
“Horsey! Horsey ride!” Peter was squealing and yelling.
Tony was dying.
Being Steve Rogers, he did none of those things.
Nat wound her fingers through his. “Then you have to tell him.”
“It’s not paranoia,” Tony spat. “It’s protection.”
“Sure,” Steve said. “What do you have in mind?”
“What I’m working on is due August 30th.”
“Mr. Stark!”
“Oh, I like that,” Steve said.
“Brock Rumlow’s dad is in jail because he killed Tony’s dad,” Bucky replied, closing his eyes as though the statement was too much to say out loud. “Not, like, directly murdered him or anything, but there was a ton of corporate espionage and some real shady shit. Everyone in my world knows that Rumlow, Sr is in prison because he’s the one who fucked the launch of Stark Pharma, and it was that whole mess that led to Howard… They couldn’t ever prove that Rumlow was driving that night, so they got him on something else, but Stevie… that family is bad.”
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose. “Jay, does Tony ever plan on getting out of bed ever again?”
See you next time for the movie equivalent of a snowball fight.
“Do you gently roast cancer-free? Because otherwise, you’re wearing sunscreen,” Steve sassed as he rolled his eyes at his husband.
“What’s the rule about today?”
Tony had just enough time to get nervous all over again about his cooking before Steve and Peter came thundering into the room, Peter on Steve’s shoulders.
Because while he galavanted around the world as whoever The Good Guys needed that week to take down The Bad Guys, he was also the President of Stark Resilient.
Steve blinked at her through the tears that had formed. “I did.”
If you liked the story, I'd love to know! Kudos and comments are life giving. If you're not sure what to say in the comment, know that I take keyboard smashes and emojis as full love. So, if you liked it more than just a kudos, dropping a heart emoji is great and I thank you in advance.
Whenever he knotted omegas, the biological catch meant he couldn’t move once he latched. He understood the reasons for it, but it made knotted sex a little less fun. Now that he was in an intractable bond with an alpha he got to have his favorite kind of sex for as long as they both lived.
“Not on my beach, you’re not,” the man snapped.
“Ty was there, wasn’t he?”
It was a cut piece of the Captain America boxers Steve had given Tony on their first anniversary. “I love you, you sentimental weirdo,” Steve grinned.
“I know him,” Tony said. “I’ve known him for years, and you need to cancel your date and never see him again. He is garbage, Steve, he is human garbage, and he is using you.”
“Well, glad you’re back now,” Steve said. He put his cello in the stand and cracked his neck side to side. “I’m going to massage my hands. You want anything from the green room?”
Steve never knew what to say when he heard about the death of other fathers. His father’s death was a relief at the time and an unhealed wound since. If other people missed their dads immediately, he was always unsure of what to do with his words or his emotions.
“Well, I’ve always wanted to see God,” Tony quipped, “so I guess we’re coming for dinner.”
“I am going to tie you to a chair and make you talk to him,” Pepper murmured into her martini.
Steve pinched Tony’s side, which elicited a giggle shriek.
“You crying, Capsaicin?”
“I’ve wasted enough of your time,” the man said, as he retrieved a phone from his pajama pocket and punched the screen a few times. Steve knew a non-answer when he heard one, and responded in kind.
“0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34.”
“You think he deserves to be in jail for being an assassin for hire,” Steve stated as he took a step closer to Tony.
“Maybe he doesn’t want a reward?”
His finger hovered over the profile of one specific alpha for approximately the four hundredth time since he opened the app. “Tonio” was everything Steve craved in a sex partner - muscular but svelte, shorter than Steve but not by more than six inches, floppy hair he can grip onto, and an ass he could snack on. And Jesus Christmas, the photo of his knot… He was listed as clean, into alphas, omegas, or betas, and free tonight.
It wasn’t that he wasn’t grateful.
It was like having an entire wing of a house and being told it was off limits.
“I’ll throw in a set of steak knives if you want,” the man said with a sparkle in his eye. Steve was strangely glad to see life in them, and wondered what it said about him that he was already attached to a man he’d met approximately four minutes previous.
“I fucked up, Buck,” he said. “I fucked up big time.”
“Let me get this straight,” Steve started. “I agree to work for you for a few months, and you’ll let Sam and Bucky have their weirdo dream wedding?”
“Hi,” Tony replied, a sleepy smile on his face. “I heard you.”
Steve glared at him, but then sighed deeply. “I made the appointment.”
“Mr. Rogers replied that you haven’t had substantive protein all day, and recommends he grill some fish.”
Steve’s veins filled with ice and he slowed to a jog and hit ‘answer.’
“What?” Steve asked. “I can do fuckbuddies.”
Bucky clasped Steve on the shoulder. “Just because you can’t fuck Tony, doesn’t mean you need to be fucking Random McGee. Dildos exist.”
JARVIS stayed silent, and Tony shifted his body a few times to try to find some position that might possibly be comfortable. After attempting that for a few moments - and realizing the futility in it - he heaved himself to an upright position.
“Oh, you’re fucked,” Rhodey said, as soon as the elevator door closed. “You are so fucked. Unless you want to drop this celibacy nonsense, you are so metaphorically and not enjoyably fucked.”
“I don’t want that for him,” Steve confessed. “The idea that he could live a life not governed by albuterol was just so intoxicating, I lost myself a little.”
So when Tony grabbed his chin and forced eye contact, Steve wasn’t surprised.
He should know.
Bucky had asked the question before, but not in this way. Steve knew it was time to answer.
Tony held out his hand, and Steve moved to take it. He sat next to Tony on the bed. Steve had always loved the way that Tony felt solid in contrast to how light Steve often felt. His own body often felt a breath away from disintegrating - his doctors said he was alive mostly due to sheer spite. When people described Steve, they used words like ‘slight’ and ‘delicate’ and Steve hated both of them. With Tony, however, they’d shifted to ‘cherished’ and ‘safe’.
“This is the only thing I wish we had,” Tony murmured between bites. “I’m jealous that omegas can bond naturally.”
“Um, Market and 10th,” Steve stammered.
“Dr. Stark will be with you in a minute,” Scott said with a sparkle in his eye.
And leave them on your doorstep
“Tony.”
“That ship sailed in ‘98,” Steve replied, as was also tradition, as he headed out the door and down the stairs from their 5th floor walk-up.
his mortgage payment.
“I grew up in Flatbush, in the 90s when people without hedge funds could own houses in Flatbush,” Steve started. “Just me and my ma, really, and then my buddy and his family. Dad was a drunk, before you ask, and drowned in his own vomit when I was 10, and Ma got sick when I was in high school. She was a good woman, you know any of those? I hope you do. My ma was someone who made you want to be a better person. Anyway, she died about two months before I graduated and the day after her funeral, a Peace Corps staffer happened to come to the nursery I worked at and asked if I’d ever thought about living in Tanzania for a few years.”
It wasn’t a question.
Steve went with sincerity, knowing it would cut his partner off at his knees a little in a good way - ground them in the moment, to remind Tony that no matter what else was true about the day, their love was. The color that danced across Tony’s cheeks confirmed that it was the right call.
Instead, Tony kept getting frailer. When it was just the two of them, Tony was in a wheelchair most of the time. He’d designed it himself, of course, but Steve had seen plans for it to head into production in January.
“Tony’s mad.”
Turns out, undercover glamors aren’t just for work.
A normal human would probably walk away out of self-preservation or something, but Steve Rogers hadn’t been normal a day in his life and he wasn’t about to start now. He gingerly sat on the bench next to the man, and spoke quietly but firmly. “HI, my name is Steve, do you need any help? You look cold.”
“I…” Steve gasped. He actually stopped and leaned against a wall.
“That’s the weirdest one yet,” Steve said.
Which may have raised a lot of money for war bonds, and definitely brought the crowds out to the USO shows, but that spin was bullshit.
Miraculously, Peggy’s niece was part of the whole SHIELD apparatus and they’d allowed her into his handling team. She’d let onto him that she was aware of his… proclivities and that there were escorts of both genders, just like there was in his day. And now, he didn’t even have to hang around a phone booth at 2am - he could access it all from his phone. Sharon got him a non-government iPhone and loaded it with something called a VPN, and taught him how to use KnottyPining.
Steve made a face. “Of course I listen. I don’t understand all the formulas, but I know that you’re trying to invent a new metal that can house energy sources that don’t contain radium. I Googled - no one’s ever done it, so I figure it’s a pretty big deal. These boxes go into storage or straight into the workshop?”
Steve finally made full eye contact with Tony, and all of Tony’s nerves felt alive and dulled simultaneously. To be the center of Steve Rogers’ full focus was nothing to sneeze at, and every time he had over the past few months, Tony’s world slowed to taffy pulling speed.
“Fuck off.”
“You know this is just as random as knocking on all the doors, right?”
“God, Tony, you always do things with him that you regret, always.” Rhodey banged the table with his fist for emphasis. “You own a multinational company, man, and Howard’s been dead for a minute. You can’t keep -”
“Well, should we get to it, then?”
“Be that as it may, I know Tony, and he doesn’t look at people like he’s looking at you.”
'Cause I can't have you
“Aw, Stevie, running from framily ain’t on the table,” Bucky said with a grin in his voice. Steve turned to make eye contact with him. “You stay here and stew, I’ll hold off the Sammish Inquisition.”
“You know,” Bucky said, as he swiped a piece of shortbread and shoved it in his mouth, “I liked you better when you hated us.”
“You’re my family,” Steve emphasized. “You and Peter, and I…”
The man held up his fishing pole. “It’s a good place to catch sunfish. Mind if I join you? This is my lucky spot.”
“Vaguely,” Steve confessed. Bucky was more the space nerd than he was. He just really loved
The man stepped toe to toe with Steve and the phrase “spitting fire” came to mind. “Private. Beach.”
Steve stayed silent, so Tony took that as a ‘no’.
Bucky sputtered, Tony howled, and Steve went back to doing the Sunday Crossword.
“Always knew I liked him.”
It had been true for two days and would be true for a whole lot more, but wow if it didn’t feel amazing.
For somebody new
“Tony -”
Steve stepped over the threshold, closed the door behind him, and then froze as Tonio put a hand on his arm. “Let’s get a few things out of the way first, okay? I know who you are, and no one else will ever know we met unless for some reason you want them to. To even the playing field, I want you to know that my name is Tony Stark, and yes, it’s that Stark.”
Rhodey’s entire face softened. “Are we about to pull a
Steve rolled his eyes. “No squashing your joy.”
“I know,” Tony said firmly. “It was the last time, I swear. I remember nothing from about midnight to dawn. I woke up in a pile of bodies I didn’t recognize, rushed to throw up, stole clothes from a drawer and shoes from a pile, got the fuck out of there. I wandered for blocks, ended up at this diner where I got a rubix cube from the claw machine by the door. I ate an omelette, drank a pot of coffee, and then walked outside fully expecting to call the car service.” He took another sip of his coffee and continued.
The America he knew was tenements, starvation, communal bathrooms, drafted children to fight an adult war, rations, racism, homophobic violence, anti-Irish sentiments, and other sundry fun things. This narrative they used his face to sell was as foreign to him as the century he was currently living in.
Holding back any sort of reaction, Tony took a bite of his own plate and nearly choked at the burnt taste on the chicken fingers. He was never going to doubt Steve’s poker face again. Still, the mac and cheese had to be good, right? Just as he thought that, Peter threw his plastic plate to the floor.
Steve the Peace Corps hero who hadn’t called in two weeks.
“I’m so sorry my pining is negatively affecting you, your royal highness,” Steve sassed.
“You’re being a little shit,” Tony said with a heavy sigh. “Did he want to come in?”
“Just tell him I’ll have a smoothie.”
“The leader of Stark Resilient needs to hate vigilantes. It fucks with business, it doesn’t allow for the version of world peace that we sell. I, on the other hand, am a vigilante - because that’s what undercover ops is. It’s state sanctioned vigilante-ism, because while it upholds law and order, it does it on our terms and usually outside of the, you know, actual law. I’ve been ordered to take down your BFF by any means necessary, after getting info out of him.” Tony took a deep breath and raked his hand over his face. “When did the glamor slip?”
“No one bullies Tricia into anything,” Tony replied as he took a slow sip of his drink. “She was looking for a cello player. I know a good one.”
Scott, one of the head nurses at St. Mary’s General, looked like he swallowed a snort as he changed out the saline bag for the IV drip.
“I know it’ll help,” Steve said.
“Ten degrees to the left and your concussion could have been a snapped spine,” Tony said with iron in his voice. “Ten degrees. That’s not a lot of degrees, sweetheart.”
“You saved my ass tonight, Quill,” Steve said. “Thank you so much. We couldn’t afford to back out of this gig.”
“Many,” Steve said with a nod. “And my fingers, but I like the toy’s angles better.”
Back to my childhood
“Private. Beach.”
The five o’clock shadow that Steve could see in profile was clearly a little bit of overgrowth for a perfectly manicured beard and mustache combo. Tony’s eyes were wide and brown and his eyelashes probably could scrape the sky, and Steve was overcome with the need to know what that full mouth would look like wrapped around his cock.
Bucky pulled his phone out of his pocket and scrolled a little. “2:30. Nat says she has the license.”
“Sounds like a genius analysis, so it has to be me.”
Fuck that they weren’t omegas and didn’t have bonding glands. They were soulmates, and they’d make their own bonding.
Tony took that as a yes.
Steve stole another glance at Tony to find that his eyes were closed, and his skin was decidedly ashy. There was also an odd sheen to a few of his veins sneaking out from under the sleeves of his worn t-shirt.
English failed him.
There was silence and Steve turned to see Tony’s jaw open. “What?”
“If you’re sure,” Steve said slowly.
“Happy! Good to see you,” Steve said with a smile.
They went out for beers and clams that night and there was something about Brock that Steve couldn’t put his finger on - something not good. Something… off. In terms of a boyfriend, Brock wouldn’t be a good fit. Steve wasn’t into being possessed, and the way that Brock introduced him around at Tucker’s Tavern told him that Brock was more into collecting people than knowing them.
“What?” Steve interrupted. “When was this?”
“Ana Jawwis? Who’s that?” Peter’s question led to Tony telling all his stories. Including ones he thought he had forgotten.
“No, why?”
,” Steve responded as he ground his teeth together to keep from crying.
There was silence from JARVIS, but it was the judgemental silence. The one that meant JARVIS would pass on the information against his better artificial judgement.
Tony flipped him off. “It was about six blocks from here, and I… well…”
Steve swallowed a grin. “It sounds like it’s my cross to bear.”
“No one has ever liked you,” Steve said.
“What are you doing here? Are you okay? You’re still wearing my jacket?” All of those came out in a rush as Steve hurried to sit next to Tony on the bench.
Tony had always adored dick in his ass - knotted or not. Toys were fine, fingers were acceptable, but solid, pulsating, engorged cock? Second. To. None.
“The x-rays look like -”
If this was his forever, he hoped their entire life together was as compatible as this piece of it.
“Stevie, stop being such a stick in the mud. I’m getting married,” Bucky said.
“ICKY. ICKY food!” Tony saw Steve was over by Peter, trying to get him to stop, so he had a chance to take a bite.
“You don’t have as much control as you’re pretending,” Tony said, “and you know it.”
Tony fell hard for both of them in different ways. Bucky was a brother and fellow shit-stirer second only to Rhodey, and Steve was…
There was a confusion - maybe even a pain in Tony’s eyes that caused Steve to pause. “I wasn’t sure you were serious.”
“Jay, I have maybe two weeks left. Maybe. The palladium has taken over 85% of my bloodstream. Once I hit 90, that’s the ballgame. Pep gets the company, and you get to work with her.”
“You can put it anywhere,” Tony called.
Bucky made a noncommittal noise. “You wanna shell peas or head to the grill? Staying here lets you wallow in whatever is happening in you, grilling means you’re open to the grand inquisition that is my husband.”
“It wasn’t the best decision,” Buck said diplomatically.
Well, that confirms that, then.
“I don’t know,” Steve confessed. “Well, I should say I’m not sure that’ll get us where I want to go, but it’s the closest thing I can think of.”
“What?”
“Not taken,” Steve breathed out. “Do what?”
Tony froze. His tech was impeccable, there was no way -
Bucky nodded. “When we were growing up, do you remember that show about spaceships? The one on PBS that showed you how to build models out of stuff around your house?”
They talked about absolutely nothing important. The entire planet knew that Tony had a son named Peter, who had chronic health issues, and an ex-wife who liked to throw dramatic temper tantrums in the press. Neither of those were brought up when they were together. Not the first, second, or eighth times.
“Where is he now?”
Tony knew that Cho would be thrilled he was eating. The Oxy told him he wasn’t hungry, but he was. His body still needed everything that Steve put in front of him.
“Fine,” Tony grumbled. “I’ll go. I know what you’re doing.”
“I didn’t get a chance to ask how you feel about
“I’m paying him to haul shit,” Tony said smoothly, “because a dying man gets eye candy. Want to join me?”
“‘Oh, it must be the alloys he’s been waiting for,” Steve said, and headed for the elevator that would take him up to the roof. A shower could wait if the shipment had arrived. The sight that waited for him made his heart skip a beat.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve lost himself in the rhythm of his feet on the pavement as he ran up and down the streets of the borough, with an old Fall Out Boy album playing in the background. Usually he could completely clear his brain as he ran, but he couldn’t get out of his own head that day. Since The Big Fight, Brock had gotten creepier and more possessive, and Steve kept meaning to text and break up with him, but he also wasn’t sure they were doing anything worth breaking up.
“Buck’s unconscious, coma, I think, I don’t…. I don’t know, but I have to get to the hospital, I have to…”
Tony sipped his coffee. “Because it has the best Yelp score in the borough for egg white omelettes at a budget price.”
“We have - “
“Sure,” Rhodey said, “and also your dick.”
Steve shook his head. “I’m an artist and in between commissions right now. I teach during the school year, too, but I’m shockingly free this summer. Was going to stay down here in a friend’s beach house and paint.”
“Yeah.”
“Tomorrow, say 11am?”
“Have fun,” Clint said.
“An exceptionally good time,” Tony said. “What did I do to deserve pity shortbread?”
“And yet,” Tony replied. He pulled out his tablet and started tapping away. “Maybe I can become one of those people who is productive in parks. I hear nature can be soothing.”
“I think Sam might protest that sacrifice,” Steve quipped. Bucky opened his mouth to respond when Sam’s voice called out across the dunes.
On the third day of their luxurious, secluded, tropical paradise honeymoon, Tony coaxed Steve into the water at sunset. Not that following a naked Tony took much coaxing for Steve, really.
He ran his hand over his face, and absently scratched his beard. It probably meant nothing that he always knew where Tony was. Tony was a complete stranger - they’d never even spoken. So Steve was basically being a stalker. Not the best look.
Steve was in a suit that probably cost more than the GDP of Moldova and all of their family were in their finest. Nat, Pepper, Darcy, Carol, Maria, MJ, Jane, Val, and Hope were all in various shades of blue, whereas anyone in a suit wore red ties. Bucky and Rhodey were the official best men, but the bachelor party had been joint and in private since Thor had brought mead.
They were quiet for a few minutes, simply holding hands and sitting in the silence. Finally, Tony spoke.
You can have Manhattan, Tony
“I’m fine, Mother Hen Rogers,” Tony said.
“You didn’t have to lay it on so thick,” she said with a laugh. “You were about two breaths from the Oliver Twist routine. Just be yourselves.”
Working for Tony was equal parts fantastic and frustrating. Something was wrong, but Steve had no idea what, nor would Tony answer any of Steve’s questions. There were used needles in a biohazard bin in the workshop, but Tony wasn’t diabetic. There were mysterious packages with return labels of hospitals in New York, but Tony said he wasn’t sick. There was Tony’s near completely fear of the sun, but vampires weren’t real.
“Funfetti, right? That’s the cake you said your mom always made for your birthdays. I missed your birthday, and I’m not that shitty of an employer. So happy belated Steve.” Tony gave a soft smile. “Home next, but do any other stops you need.”
Bucky looked at him skeptically.
“No, Steven, I am not,” Tony said, as he sailed into the curtained off area in the ER where Steve was currently doing his best not to expire from pain. “But isn’t it lucky for both of us that I am, since despite the advice of at least seven professionals, you decided to go for that tackle. Aren’t we both completely thrilled that I happen to be the orthopedic surgeon on call to see if you have any bone left in that mess where your knee used to be? I know I am. Aren’t you, Steven? Aren’t you simply ready to pass out from excitement, love crumpet?”
Peter nearly launched himself across the dance floor once he caught sight of Tony. Unlike the smile he’d had pasted on since he arrived, his face broke out into a genuine grin to see his former intern.
He headed back to the other end of the coffee bar to wait on another customer, but Steve knew there was no way it was going to end there.
Steve blinked. Make that a million and one questions.
“I’m heading out for a walk,” he called towards the kitchen, where he could hear the giggling that would lead to groaning any minute. He winced slightly, knowing he was being an ass. While Steve had been working on sustainable irrigation projects in most of East Africa, Bucky had been a POW in Afghanistan for eight months. Sarah Wilson had been an absolute godsend and Steve felt slightly gross for being so negative about them, but…
“Sir?”
Steve felt his face twist into a grimace before he could stop it.
Without answering, Bucky went and retrieved his prosthetic arm from its charging station. He flipped up a plate near the elbow to reveal a signature burned into the metal.
“Does he know you work for me?”
“Yes, ma’am?” Steve replied.
“I know you guys are seeing each other, and I’m fine with it,” Tony said.
“Sir is unavailable.”
Something must have passed over Steve’s face, because Peter continued. “You want an introduction? He and I go way back.”
“Are you
“No,” Steve ground out. “Why do you care so much?”
“Maria Stark Gala,” Steve called back from his spot in the bathroom, where he was meticulously trimming his beard.
Steve laid his head on Tony’s shoulder. “I love you, too. All I saw was that he’d have a better life than I do, and that blinded me.”
“Two minutes.”
Worse was death, Steve knew that and he knew Sam knew that, and the two of them had clung to each other through Bucky’s first two surgeries. It had been a balm to Steve’s terror, having Sam there. Nat had shown up, Clint as well. Also good.
“Oh no, dear,” the woman replied.
“Lang, are you done?” Tony said, quietly but with a tenor of a growl that Steve was sure Scott didn’t miss.
“Jefferson,” Steve supplied. “He was coming home from work.”
He had no idea why.
I'll wish this away
“Why?” Steve asked.
“He’s good, they’re already talking prosthetics,” Steve said absently, confused as to why JARVIS was answering Tony’s personal cell. “Can I talk to Tony?”
“Mmm.” He turned his head to the sound of Tony’s voice. “Mm-hmm.”
“Wait.  Doc.”  Tony followed him out the door.  The guy was tall and took big strides.  Tony put on a burst of speed and jumped in front of him, grabbing one hoodie-clad arm.  “Wait.  Please.”
Tony rolled the empty bottle between his hands.  “He doesn’t
Steve closed his eyes. He'd known. How the fuck had he known this would happen? His hands clenched into fists, as he took a deep breath then let it out.
“Yeah,” Steve breathed.  “That’s it.”
Tony clenched his hand into a gentle fist, catching Steve’s gold hair within it. “And what did he say?”
He went to his classes. He hadn’t really decided what he wanted to do with a degree--or if he’d do
“I’ll always be on your side,” Tony said into his ear. “Always, okay? From here on out.”
Tony nodded, stiffening.  “Oh.”
“Well, yeah, actually,” Steve said, surprising both Natasha and Tony. Surprising himself a little, too. “I mean, it’s simple. Effective. Smart.” He shrugged, his face coloring again under their combined scrutiny. “I’m impressed.”
Her fingers strayed to his cheek and stroked languidly.  “I miss the beard,” she mused.
Steve looked at him. He wasn’t smiling, but there was a softness around his eyes and his mouth that was
“There’s something wrong with me, Tony.  My head, it’s...fuzzy.  I forget stuff.  I feel far away.  Sometimes I see stuff.  And I know it’s not there, I
A few years.  Just a few years, and one night.  That was what he had.  That and a broken shield.
“Why especially now?” Tony asked, and his voice sounded slow in his own ears. Slow, almost drugged with the things Howard was saying. With the things he, himself, was feeling.
Steve lay on the floor, his back heaving up and down as he breathed.  His hands moved at his sides, coming up, his left palm flat on the ground, his right curled, but still useful, still helping him rise.
“Yes. She adored you.”
him--was a sweet dream. The friendship they had now was a sweet reality. He wouldn’t risk the actuality of one for the chance at the other. It wouldn’t be fair to either one of them.
Steve frowned, disappointed and hurt.  “Can’t you just be on my side?”
“I’m sorry,” Steve whispered harshly. “Tony, I’m so sorry.” Tony’s hand fisted in his hair. It hurt a little, but Steve didn’t care. He wanted the hurt. It felt good. “Don’t hate me,” he said, his voice muffled by Tony’s skin. “Please, please don’t hate me. I couldn’t stand it if I thought you hated me.”
On Tuesday, he left at eight and caught the bus home. He ate dinner, then went to bed, wondering what Tony was doing. Hoping he was having a good time. That MIT was everything he hoped it was going to be.
Tony checked on him twice between the time Steve bedded down around midnight, and three a.m. when he finally drifted off to sleep himself.  Both times, Steve had been curled on his side, his back to the room, hugging a pillow to his chest.  He used to hug Tony like that when he slept, and it was all he could do to not crawl over him and into his arms.  They’d come together around him on their own, of course.  They always had, they would again, and he’d let them stay.  Would, in fact, turn to face Steve and put his own arms around him and hold on.  This “being apart” bullshit wasn’t working anymore.  Tony wanted him back.
“What I always do--taking care of you.”  He shot him a look laced with concern and frustration.  “That’s what we do, isn’t it?  You and me?”
“Please listen to me, okay?” he said, and Steve nodded.  “I--
“Steeeeeve…”
rocked just a fraction of an inch when he tensed his muscles to pull.  He thought it had, but then Ultron had come in and everything went to hell.  He’d stuffed it away in the back of his mind, never taking it out to examine it except in the occasional dream where he wielded it in battle against some nameless foe.
But Tony wanted him.  So so much.  He prayed to all the gods that might still be enough.
“Get here, then.”
“You always have to be right, don’t you?”
He moved closer and carefully lifted Steve’s head so it could rest in his lap.  Steve groaned then was still.
--took his cock into his mouth.
“Sounds good, Doc,” he said.  “What, like nine o’clock?”
She made grabby hands at Nick. “Hand him to me, though. It's nap-time and I want to snuggle.”
in a tiny, cracked voice.  “Tony, I can’t remember his name.”
“Wouldn’t miss it.”
Sarah held his hand one more time as the nurse injected anesthesia into her IV. “It’s going to be okay, honey,” she said, and Steve nodded. He couldn’t speak. His tongue was locked to the roof of his mouth and refused to budge. “I love you. Okay? I love you, and it’s going to be fine.” He nodded.
So, neither of them said it. Both of them felt it, though. Both of them felt like this was the best thing they had ever had in their entire lives. And they were right.
“Yeah.  I’m pretty sure.”
. Just a fight with a bunch of losers who thought they could take over the world. Tony, Steve, Nat, and Clint took the call. There was some talk about calling Thor in, but it would have taken him longer to get the message than it would take for the other four to just take care of it, so that’s what they did. On the way there, Nat called Bruce and asked him to contact Thor anyway. They were having a barbecue on the roof as soon as they were done, and Bruce and Thor’s presence was mandatory. Tony insisted she tell him it was not only because Bruce made the best pasta salad in the Northern Hemisphere, either. Tony just missed seeing his face.
“Okay.”
P.P.S.  I love V.C. Andrews. :)
Steve shook his head. “I’m not ignoring you, Tony,” he said, and Tony hated to admit just how much he
He went.
Tony’s eyes ran over the glinting blade.  “Have you ever cut yourself?”
idea of how much he felt for him.  So he might know the lengths he would go to to make him happy.
guy was so high himself he probably thought he was dealing to Jesus, Mary, and Joseph and having tea with the queen every other day."
Steve shook his head.  “No.”
“Yeah. If we came up in July, it would be okay, but now…” he shook his head again.
He closed his eyes and was beginning to drift when Steve’s voice brought him back.  “What?” he asked, pulling up from the shallow depths of sleep.
Steve’s shoulders eased a little.  “Say something else.”
a little conversation...
After dinner, he washed the dishes. It was a small chore. There weren’t very many dishes to wash. Someone had told him once he could save time by using paper plates and tossing them when he was done, but he didn’t do that. He had the time to wash. He had plenty of time. If there was one thing he had in the evenings, it was time. Plus, he didn’t like the idea of the waste. Or the loss of trees just so he didn’t have to spend ten minutes washing a discount-store plate.
Steve ducked his head, blushing as Mr. Fury, the principal, stalked by on his way from somewhere to somewhere else, not pausing, just giving Steve a hard look as he passed.
Steve tossed his backpack down on the ground and sat down on a stump. He had never been out here alone before. It was nice. Sunlight came down through the leaves, making the shadows look all fluttery and shimmery, and there were birds singing in the trees. He’d never heard that before out here. Maybe with all the other kids running around and kicking through the underbrush, they flew away until it was quiet. Or maybe they just sat up in the branches watching. Steve didn’t know, but he understood why Dr. Banner liked it. It was quiet. And peaceful. He could think better here. Maybe Dr. Banner could too.
He left half an hour later, and drove home in silence.  It was a cold, lonely ride without Steve there to hold his hand.
Tony replayed what he’d said.  Oh.  He touched Steve’s face again, letting his fingers travel wherever they wanted.  “I wasn’t sure if I should.  You were mad at me, and--”
“Beautiful.  Thank you, angel.”
. The way he’d looked at Steve himself. He felt his spine stiffen. “Fine, sir,” he said. “What can I do for you?”
There was a pause on the line.  It was a heavy one, then Jeff’s voice, concerned and calm.  “Is this about Steve?”
It wasn’t until he’d gone through three bags and his knuckles were a bloody ruin, that he knew he needed to apologize. Tony had been wrong to say anything about Nat, but Steve’s own hostility had come from a place not as entirely chivalrous as he’d first wanted to believe: Tony had seen Nat kissing him and Steve felt guilty.  Guilty for the act, guilty for liking it, and guilty because deep down, it felt like a betrayal.  A betrayal of Tony and Steve’s feelings for him.  Tony had probably felt that guilt and sense of betrayal coming from Steve and fed off it.  He was extremely intuitive.  Steve’s anger had fueled his own.  It was the only explanation that made any sense.
“I’m fine.”
“You think so?” Tony teased, running his hand down Steve’s torso.
“He’s my friend,” Steve said. “That’s all.”
Tony shifted a bit, responding even in his sleep, his fingers moving to brush along Steve’s muscled forearm. He hummed as he pressed closer into Steve’s chest.
“On purpose?”
They climbed the stairs together. Tony blocked the memory of the last time they’d done this from his mind. It had been a long time ago. A
Tony thought, affection tugging at him, but he kept watch, in case this was going to escalate.  Sometimes it did.  Sometimes it didn’t.
Steve brushed past him and mounted the steps.  Tony followed.
“Do you like it?” Tony asked, coming up beside him.
“Confirm that, FRIDAY,” he said.
something he wanted to feel in connection with Tony. Even if he was trying hard to forget him, he didn’t want to feel repelled by him. He never wanted to feel that. Ever.
“Was that a yes or a no?” Tony asked, then sucked lightly.
“I’m not a battered wife,
Tony shook his head. “No.”
"Whoever it was should be shot."
“Come on, then,” Tony said, and they walked hand-in-hand up the path towards home.
Tony turned his head on the pillow but could not see his face.  It was lost in shadow.  “What’s with the cloak and dagger?  Is it really that serious?”
Steve was standing in front of the windows. He had an easel out--Tony hadn’t even known he had one here--and was delicately, meticulously, adding color to the canvas. It was the skyline.
Anything.
Tony frowned.  “Baby,
There were also spotlights, gates, and guards.  The man was powerful, and maybe not the most honest guy in Washington--which, in this day and age, was probably a plus for him, career-wise--and that necessitated high levels of security.
She trailed off and Steve nodded.  He’d known what her answer would be before she said it.  She loved Steve--they loved each other--but Clint was something else entirely.  Steve understood that, he always had, but that didn’t mean it didn’t hurt.
too much time together lately.”
“Stop, baby-” Tony began, but Steve shushed him.
But there he was.
then pressed ‘send’ before he could overthink it again.
Steve nodded against his shoulder. “Every day.”
“No,” Tony said, “
“Hey,” Tony said, coming between the two.  They were standing close together, but Tony wedged himself in and put his hand on Steve’s chest.  “Hey, I didn’t know,” he said, looking up at Steve.  “I didn’t know he was supposed to stay away from me.  Not when I went to him in the first place.”
Steve laughed, his breath heady against Tony’s throat, his tongue a revelation against his skin. “He’s a pretty needy dog.”
Steve didn’t disappoint. He ducked his head, laughed under his breath, as he slumped back against the counter bonelessly. One hand rose to rub over his face, then back into his hair. Tony loved that. “You have no idea,” Steve muttered.
“What the hell, Steve?” he said into his hair, and Steve shook his head.
Steve shook his head. His eyes were open now, gazing into Tony’s. Tony remembered how clear they had been before. His emotions had always been so cleanly laid out, so easy for Tony to read, but not now. Now they were cloudy, hidden, and Tony found himself feeling a little afraid. Afraid of Steve, and afraid
He spent half the day going through his old stuff, sifting through old memories, trying to put himself back in the mindset he’d been in before the world turned to hell.  It was surprisingly difficult.  He wasn’t the same man he’d been before.
the reality.  You just don’t know it.”
Tony felt a little ember light in his stomach, but he ground it out with the heel of his metaphorical shoe. “Yeah, well, he’s not staring at me now.”
“Because she wasn’t, shall we say, buxom enough to be a dancer.”
There was quiet on Tony’s end, and Steve waited, chewing on his bottom lip.
Steve’s breath hitched in his throat. He pulled away a little, squeezing his eyes even more tightly closed. “Um,” he began, speaking in a halting, hesitant way, “don’t call me that, okay? I don’t like it.”
“I’m not going anywhere.”
“Yes.  We are.  You knew that last time we spoke.”
“I want to wake the neighbors.  I want to wake the whole damn town.”
Tony put his forehead against Steve’s chest again. “That’s perfect. Perfect. Take me to bed, Steve. Just-Just take me to bed.”
“She runs a multimillion dollar company.
not crazy, and
"Get here quick?"
“Nah, the best one’s already taken.”
She tensed beside him, her fingers stilling, then they began to move again, caressing his cheek, his hair. “Of course you can, honey,” she said. “Are...are they important?”
Tony shook his head. “No. It’s okay. It’s not your fault, baby.”
Tony brought dinner in from the city.  Real New York pizza and hot dogs from his favorite street vendor outside the office.  It wouldn’t be the same, heated up in the oven, but it would still be good.  A little taste of home for his Brooklyn boy.
His best guy.
Steve and Bucky leaned into each other, their laughter raucous and carefree.  Tony shook his head and stalked away, mumbling something about irresponsible assholes as he went.
Nat leaned closer.  “What, Steve?”
to always worry, did he? No. He could just enjoy. Just indulge. That was okay for now.
“Number two,” Tony said, looking at him quickly, before glancing back at the road.  “There is literally
Love. Responsibility. Mediocrity.
“How ‘bout if I take it in the form of a cup of coffee?” he asked.
He turned onto his side. Drifted off again.
He laughed, a slow, sleepy rumble in his throat, even as Tony kissed him again. “Yes,” he said. “Still friends.” He opened an eye, dragging it to half-mast so he could look down at Tony. “If you want, anyway. I was kind of a jerk last night.”
“It’d save time if they just checked us together, I guess,” Steve said, hooking a finger through Tony’s belt loop.  It was an easy gesture, one filled with a quiet possessiveness that sent a shockwave through Tony’s entire body.
Tony smiled a little. He actually thought Howard was being sincere, and
“I know you do,” Tony answered. Steve turned out the lights, leaving them in darkness lit only by the fire in the hearth and the city lights coming in through the window, then took Tony’s hand. “Who would have thought big, strong Captain America was such a snuggle-fiend?”
The building was the same.  The same graceful stone and metal that rose high up into the sky.  The same solid base.  It gave off a regal, ethereal air, like a dream that was rooted in reality.  Steve got off his bike and looked up at it.  He hadn’t been here since he’d been back in New York.  He never thought he’d be back here again, but here he was, a bag in his hand, almost like that very first day years ago.  He’d thought he’d had it bad then, with all the worries and baggage he’d carried from his other life, but that had been a sweet oblivion compared to this.  He almost wished he could go back in time and tell that other, younger him to stop being such a baby.  Things got worse.  Things always got worse.  Things
Thad cleared his throat, folded his hands across his middle. His back was against the headboard, his legs outstretched and crossed at the ankle. In spite of his casual posture, he gave off the impression of a man fully in charge. “Steve,” he said evenly, “how long are we going to pretend this has nothing to do with that Stark you’ve been hanging around with?”
Everything.
Tony shoved the phone back into his pocket as Steve climbed out.
John nodded. “Alright, Mr. Sta--Tony.”
Steve grinned and stood back up. He held his hand out and Tony let him pull him to his feet. “Come on then, your highness. Let's go lay you down and see what I can do for you.”
He sat his glass down and started down the bar. Nat grabbed his hand and pulled him back. “Better let it be, Steve,” she said. “No harm done.”
“You’re right,” Tony said.  He brushed his fingers through the beard that covered Steve’s cheek.  “We don’t joke about that stuff anymore, do we?”
Tony fell silent. So silent in fact, an icy sliver of worry slipped into Steve’s heart, making him afraid he’d gone too far. Said something wrong. “Tony?” he asked, timidly. “Tony, did I-”
Tony shrugged.  Steve felt the lift of his shoulders against him.  “Somebody’s got to,” Tony said.  “How long has it been, Rogers?”
“I’m just...old,” he said, the word popping out of his mouth with no thought, and thank god it made sense. It was his training. He knew it was. His back-up. When he had nothing else, he still had that. He always had that. “
Pepper nodded.  “Yes.  Well.”  She didn’t say anything else either.
Steve came back to the bed and sat down. Tony took his hand, held it in his. Brought it to his mouth and kissed it. Their eyes met in the dim. Tony could see regret in Steve’s, but he knew it wasn’t because of what had happened between them. It was because of this. Because he had to leave again. Tony swallowed the tears that rose in his throat. The last thing he wanted to do right now was cry in front of Steve. He didn’t want him taking that with him back to Afghanistan. That wasn’t a burden he should have to carry. He was carrying too much already.
“Dodger? Where are the boys?”
And Tony felt like he was being hit by a train. Over and over again. Every car slamming into his body and brain, and every one saying,
. It doesn’t matter what you did. When you said no, it-”
Suddenly he was angry. Angrier. The ice didn’t stand a chance against the full force of lava-hot hurt that suddenly boiled through him. “Come on, Steve,” he snapped. “You’ve been pissed at me since your birthday. And I get it. I do. I acted like a complete asshole, and I deserve it, but at last have the decency to yell at me or something and quit avoiding-”
Tony looked up at him.  "Too soon?"
“Bucky, what the fuck, man? This beach is absolutely attached to that house!”
The town thought the two were brothers, because they were, and that Bucky was a writer, which he was since one of his hobbies had become writing longform fanfiction for
'Cause I can't have you
“Yes it is, Coraline,” Harold replied.
That triggered something in Steve’s brain. “Iron Man, that’s what they call the guy who figured out how to synthesize iron into a new metal - adamantium, right? He basically crippled the cheap metal market or something, right? Holy shit, he’s a bajillionarie. ”
“You’re really setting him up for success, there, Cap,” Bucky said with a sardonic grin.
“Like I said, sweetheart, family.”
“Impressive Pep impression.”
Steve relaxed slightly. Tony had told him it wasn’t a busy spot. “Yeah, my housemate told me about it.”
“I regret inventing you.”
Today’s menu was going to be toddler-friendly. Macaroni and cheese, Ana’s recipe. Done from memory as he never got the recipes from her when he had the chance, but his memory was good, and he was sure he remembered everything. In addition, he had found a recipe online for panko-breaded chicken fingers. This was going to be perfect, and the beginning of something for him and Peter.
“I am exceptionally beloved,” Bucky said with a grin, “so thanks for proving me right.”
“Barnes is in town, isn’t he.”
Your mansion and your legacy
“Perfect.”
“What time are the others getting here?” Steve asked.
“I’m positive,” the man said. “I’m Tony, by the way. Since I know your name, figured you might want mine.”
Without taking his eyes off Tony, Steve dug around in the suitcase and produced a bottle of Neutrogena SPF 30 and uncapped it with one hand. “Cancer free honeymoon, sweetheart.”
“No,” Steve said slowly. “Why? What is Stark Imagineering?”
“Bit of a different vibe, there, Stevie,” Bucky commented from his chair.
“That’s what I’ve been saying,” Steve muttered and the man whipped his eyes back to Steve’s.
Steve had walked in on Sarah and Bucky twice in the week since he’d been back from Kenya, and he respected that they were still in the honeymoon phase of things, but….
“Kinky, Pep. What will Rhodey think?”
“So, I heard you,” Tony continued, “and I agree. Same, I mean.”
“I overstepped, and that was wrong, and I’m sorry.”
Steve was sure that much of his annoyance was exhaustion, but there was something niggling at him that there was info he didn’t have about this man.
“A high grade epoxy that can withstand water, pressure, fire, and 500 pounds, but be dissolved with vinegar is a pretty big deal, kiddo,” Tony said warmly. “You just rewrote Elmers being a household name.”
And I'll bow out of place
“JARVIS, Tony has talked to me while he has literally been on the toilet, how is he unavailable?”
“Fucking what?”
There was something Tony wasn’t saying, and Steve itched to ask, but something stopped him. Instead, he brought his forearm up to Tony’s eyesight. “I have this, do you have one?”
“Is Rumlow still sniffing around?”
“We don’t have anything,” Steve cut him off. “I have to sit here, and you can do what you want.”
“Not today.”
“You too, Mr. Rogers,” the affable man replied.
“Are you a parrot now?”
Steve was fairly sure if he didn’t just get quickly to the main event he’d lose all his nerve.
Steve met his gaze. “You are wrong about him, about who he is, about what he does. You are so wrong.”
“Perfectionist much?”
“I’m telling you,” Bucky said, his mouth full of pizza, “Hoskins was out.”
“What’s this about your beach, man?” Bucky asked, taking a step towards the man. “This is a public beach and we pay taxes and -”
His profile in the VIP section was picky and the screening questions to even be able to see his profile were not fucking around, so whenever this particular alert sounded, he made sure to swipe quickly.
Steve shook his head. “No, I’m actually working down here for the season. I live in Brooklyn, but I’m trying to get different landscapes to inspire me. Came down, found a job that lets me do that, and now I’m here.”
