“What’s up with you?” Dean asks, because apparently in this universe, Sam’s the one who’s being weird and Dean routinely wears clothes that wouldn’t be out of place on the villain in an 80s comedy.
“And… Dean? Was that you?”
“Cas.” Dean whispers, hand coming to rest at the center of Cas’ upper back, right there between where his wings would sprout, if he were to unfold them into this plane of existence. “I promise, man, if I’m ever in over my head, you’re my first call.”
“He doesn’t know what’s
“Dean doesn’t only worry about me. Look, I know he said… he said some things, that he shouldn’t have. You said you’re not his favorite person right now, I can’t imagine he’s yours, either, but he wasn’t only worried about what Lucifer could do to me. He was worried about you.”
“You play into Hell’s machinations, you allow yourself to be led into depravity, you let a demon bring you comfort… tell me, Sam, in all this, what does it mean to you, to be the center of a Righteous man’s world?”
“Your stomach is right where it has always been, between your liver and your large intestine.” Cas scowls. “I did not leave it behind.”
-BOBBY-
“You’re staying for dinner, right? Burgers and beers.” Dean asks, standing well within the bubble of Cas’ personal space-- or maybe it’s the other way around-- after Cas has finished checking him over and been satisfied.
“The kitchen will be fine. I can feed Jack. Do you have milk?”
Dean blows out a sigh, and for a moment it feels like he’s got more to say, but he doesn’t say it. Hell, that had been par for the course before his death. Now? What Bobby knows is, he’s got a lot to unpack and a history of not unpacking shit. And in all fairness, he’s no help in that regard, ‘cause he’s done a lifetime of pushing anything needing unpacking down deeper instead. One thing to look at a kid and want to do better, it’s a whole other thing to actually…
“What do you think? Friggin’... angel of the Lord shows up, probably has some kind of spidey sense for sin, so… you know, you do the math, Sam!”
He shakes off Sam’s hand, moving to stand by the bed. “It isn’t enough.”
Cas nods, but there’s still a shakiness to him. It’s a quiet thing, an under-the-surface thing, and if it wasn’t for the thing between them, maybe Dean wouldn’t have caught onto it, but it’s there. He’s right here, all in one piece and barely any worse for wear, but Cas is seeking reassurance.
. When I win, it’s going to be because I beat you fairly.”
Sam’s not sure how to explain this little lapse to Dean, is ready for a ‘what the hell’ or a ‘how could you let him do that’, but instead, he just sees Dean deflate.
“Why don’t you quit your bitching, and help me with this thing?”
“I thought I’d never see you again.”
. How can you look at him and say this is worse?”
“I came because you prayed I would.”
Jack bites his lip, hesitating, but eventually his shoulders loosen a little and he nods. “Okay.”
Dean is ignoring both of them. The moment he’s released them both, he’s holding onto his own shoulder. Not like it’s hurt, just like it’s more comfortable for him to stand that way. His head drops to one side, just slightly, his eyes close and it dims the glow, but there’s something soft and contemplative to his expression for a long, silent moment.
“Yeah. I mean if alcohol doesn’t work for you… Look, there’s only so many tools in the Winchester toolbox. But this one works.”
“Cas.” Dean swallows, his gaze drops. “Didn’t expect to see you back in town.”
“How do I load this one?” He asks.
“You do know you still have to give me a chance to fix this.” Sam reminds Chuck. He’s afraid there are some things Dean’s not going to be able to take back.
When he does notice, it’s his hands he notices first. The lingering ghost of broken bones past are nowhere to be found. His palms are
His time in the Pit is fuzzy, but not fuzzy enough. It’s fuzzy because he’s reeling, not because he’s going to just forget a moment of it. He can tell he’s not that lucky.
“We got jack squat on that, but it sounds like there’s maybe a dozen of those suckers.” She takes the map from him with a nod, and hands over a paper sack with BURGERVILLE printed on the side. “Good work. We’ll hit ‘em hard and get out fast.”
“Okay cool.” He lets out a whistle and rolls onto his side, punches his pillow into shape. “So what’s it do for him? Drinking from you, I mean. Does he get powers, is it like…?”
“It helps if he sleeps, before you come back. I assume when he doesn’t, you mistake him for drunk… He doesn’t dream of Hell, when I’ve come unto him. He sleeps deeply, he wakes rested. Do you notice that?”
“This time is different because he didn’t leave to go do angel stuff, he left so that he wouldn’t be a burden on us, and he’s got nowhere else to go, so get your head out of your ass and find him!”
He still walks him down there, takes Jack so that Cas can unpack and set things up. Watches him put Jack’s things into drawers. He pulls a cassette tape out of his pocket and places it on the nightstand, adjusts it to lay parallel to the edge, and then he hangs up both the baby bjorn and his coat in the closet and takes Jack back.
, the difference between this Dean and his Dean isn’t that this Dean is bi, it’s that he’s open about it, his Dean… his Dean is in love with their Cas, the Cas that died for him, he has been for at least two deaths, maybe more, he’s just a repressed dumbass.
“Sure. Sure. Just do me one favor? Stay alive and save the world, for me?”
like what you do with your demon friend.” Cas scowls impressively. “It heals him of damage. It repairs the parts of him that are weak, but there are no special powers.”
“You didn’t know it was me before, but you knew me now. Are you really from a decade into the future?”
Dean shepherds Cas into the bathroom, the door ajar. Sam can hear soft, indistinct conversation, and the running sink-- and he can hear the point at which Dean’s instructions are delivered around a toothbrush. The cot arrives mid-lesson, so he accepts it, tipping the kid who’d made the delivery and leaving both cot and bedding for Dean to set up.
“Not in the cards for me.” He’s quick to interrupt despite the mass of potato still half-chewed. He only gives it a couple more chews before swallowing. “But yeah, Sam might settle down and have kiddos one of these days. Not too late, right?”
“He’s gotten bigger.” Cas shrugs, adjusting his hold on Jack’s diaper bag. He doesn’t appear to have any luggage of his own, just stuff for Jack.
“What? No-- no, it’s not-- It’s not your fault I wasn’t faster in that fight, it’s definitely not your fault I got hit. The only thing that’s your ‘fault’ is that I’m still breathing, I fucked up and I’m lucky I’m not dead--”
“Just let him feel helpful, okay? I know it’s not your favorite thing in the world, but considering the shape you’re in, maybe… chill. Let him check up on you a little.”
“Yeah, well… there’s plenty. And it looks like it’s just us for the night, so… you might as well eat. Can’t hurt, right?”
And then, not Dean anymore. “We won’t be discovered here. We can find a motel room for the two of you, for the time being. Dean and I will go back for the car when the coast is clear.”
. But with us, Cas. With your family? Aren’t we that?”
“Go? Where?”
In Dean’s best fantasies, Cas doesn’t even ask. He shows up and says he heard Dean’s prayer, and Dean says ‘what prayer?’, because he didn’t realize shouting an angel’s name while in a state of ecstasy alone in the shower counted as prayer, and by this point Cas has stripped him from the waist down and bent him over the nearest piece of furniture and his tongue is…
He’s not even thinking about delivery day, when several hours of reading and one nap later there comes a heavy footfall from down the hallway, and he turns to see John Winchester, of all people. Bringing sandwiches.
The reel is less new information and more a reminder of where they once were-- this is when they were heading to Van Nuys, with Cas, before… Before Michael got Adam, before Cas got knocked down to human that first time. He winds up in the car, in the middle of mediating an argument about whether or not Dean is going to screw them all over by saying yes.
“We’re adding stakes, Cas. Winner gets… hmm…” He comes around to stand toe to toe with Cas, though Cas is not in the least intimidated to have Dean tower over him. He doesn’t think intimidation is the point-- challenge, yes. That’s part of the game. Dean reaches down and fixes his tie, gives him that soft little lip-biting grin. “Winner gets to ask the loser for a favor, to be determined… whensoever he chooses.”
“He didn’t exactly stop and tell me his life’s story, Sammy. What do you want me to say?”
That’s not his voice.
“You don’t want what?” He asks, and doesn’t let Dean squirm out from under the question, as he drops him into the chair. It’s not exactly the most comfortable place, but Sam’s not exactly comfortable with the idea of hauling him all the way to his bed, not if he plans on being a dead weight the whole walk.
Cas is there in the morning either way, and goes off with Deanna while Sam stays behind in the motel room to do some last-minute research.
His touch is gentle, still tracing over and over the hand he’s healed, like he’s healing it still. Dean’s all goosebumps over it, all stomach-butterflies and funny little heart palpitations over it.
Sam had left some time ago, leaving the two of them to a game he had no desire to be a part of, wargaming miniatures spread out across the map table. Dean had come to him with a dusty box of the things, and Cas hadn’t even asked where he’d found them, he’d just leapt to set them up, and to hash out the rules of combat.
“I need post-hunt intercourse.” Cas informs him, all wanting and grumpy and matter-of-fact, all weirdly, wonderfully himself. “That is what I always need when you go off and put yourself into danger and I’m not there to protect you.”
Okay, probably better than demon blood, with time and distance from the man he was-- or is, in this world-- he’s man enough to admit that, but still… creepy. It makes this Cas feel so unlike their Cas-- or maybe that’s just what he was like, way back when, and Sam’s forgotten some of his weird hard edges. But their Cas brought Dean back without a hitch-- at least, without one significant enough to require feeding him
“I’m glad. I’ve gotta… I’ve gotta go. I’ll try and make it quick. But you’re gonna be okay, Dean’s still here. You’ve got your cereal. You’re good.”
If he does this, that’s it, this universe goes to Chuck, putting them at… As far as Sam can tell, as far as he can think, this is Chuck’s second sure win, and while a couple look maybe pretty good for him, there’s only one he knows is ironclad, one where Cas absolutely cannot and will not leave them.
“Oh. Awesome. I mean-- that’s… good. That he, uh, sleeps.”
“Oh-- no, I mean, he doesn’t want to ask you for help because he’s being an idiot and I don’t know why, not-- It’s not literal.”
“Didn’t need protecting--”
“Cas…”
“Nothing either of us can do. That’s the point.”
“He’s stable.” Cas says, from the backseat, where he’s got Dean lying in his lap and the two of them look like they just stumbled off the set of a Tarantino movie. Cas looks as strained and as breathless as Dean does, both their faces drawn with pain and kind of sweaty.
“If you just go in and talk to him--”
“Thinking about what you
“Cas gone?” Dean asks, cracking one eye open-- barely.
“What are you doing?”
He seems to realize he’s touching Cas’ mouth, and he pulls back, shoves his hands in his pockets.
He’s standing outside the remains of a gas station that’s being slowly reclaimed by nature. The Impala’s parked over by the pumps, but if there’s any gas there, it’s no good to anyone, and Dean’s not checking.
one anymore.” Sam hisses. “More concerningly, what makes you think a hymen and a-- a foreskin are remotely comparable?”
“Okay. I got one question and I
“Thanks.”
“You don’t take an angel on hunts so he can stand around wringing his hands and repeatedly failing to reload a firearm. I should have smote our enemies and healed your wounds.”
“Cas…”
, for one. That’s a big frigging concern. Figuring out where he is is another-- the best he can come up with is ‘under a recent meteor strike’. It’s like the freaking Tunguska blast happened when--
“You’d be worth it if I had to buy out a friggin’ brewery. But no. That’s not what I had in mind.” He gives Cas the gentlest smile he can manage, patting his shoulder. “Come with me. We’re gonna fix this.”
“Don’t hurt yourself. Sam and I can handle things from here.” Cas orders, and this time Dean doesn’t argue, just watches as Cas strides through the library, then deposits the book he wants in front of Sam, opening it to the correct page. “I will procure the necessary ingredients, it should be simple, but with the rapid acceleration, it’s important we break the curse quickly. Paralyzing weakness shouldn’t set in before the second day. If it spreads to his organs… I can heal damage, of course, but the curse will need to be broken or it will keep happening.”
Sam does insist upon turning it into a group hug situation, and Cas allows it-- much as he wants a private reunion, he and Sam have been friends a long time, and Sam also missed him. He takes one arm from around Dean, to return Sam’s hug a little, before drawing back-- and scooping Dean up into his arms.
?” Dean laughs, or he weeps. Both. “Buddy, where have you been?”
.” Deanna agrees, bursting into the room just then and making him very glad he had put some clothes on. “Can never get the drop on ‘em. You got a lock on their location?”
“Right. Five minutes, you got it.” He raises his hands in surrender and lets himself out, hearing the lock behind him. The minute he turns to actually start walking, he just about walks right into soccer mom Cas.
His eyebrows lift, but Sam’s not surprised he doesn’t complain about not having to deal with Dean.
“Not really. I just-- I don’t know. I’m here for a day, so… like, if this Sam is, you know, strictly heterosexual, I don’t want to say something that would lead to a weird conversation for her tomorrow.”
Instead, Dean’s strung out, and Cas just looks at him impassively, a reminder that this isn’t
Or... not his hands.
He dumps Cas on the bed furthest from the door, waving a bag of food under his nose and laughing when that pulls him out of half-sleep. When Sam gets back in with their stuff, Cas is wolfing down his meal and Dean is on hold with the front desk, taking agitated bites of burger and pacing the small space between the beds.
And okay, so he’s slinking out again, so he’s a damn coward… so what else is new?
“No. I made it, and it’s
, Dean Winchester.”
“They haven’t ‘stopped working’, they’re just… Look, we know what’s going on and we’re going to fix it before it gets bad.”
“You saved Dean’s life. That means something to me. Besides… you seen the rest of our family lately?”
“Hello, Sam.”
“Okay, well get this…”
Dean’s heart is still beating a mile a minute as Sam picks him up off the ground, and this must be out of ordinary for this Cas, too, the slack-jawed way Dean look at him. Suddenly Cas is standing before them, coat still flapping around him from the speed at which he’d moved, but his hands are slow and careful as they come up to cradle Dean’s face. His eyes are still glowing, though. They don’t go back to normal until he drops his hands from Dean with a satisfied grunt, all Dean’s blooming bruises vanished.
Cas hasn’t looked away from Dean for more than a moment the whole time they’ve been talking, but he’s somehow looking even
Like, some big frigging concerns.
“Had you intended to refuse me one?”
So Jack’s a baby, their mom’s alive, Cas is alive, Dean’s being a raging asshole, Cas is being a
“No. No, you said you were sticking with me. I just… you know?”
“Well, I still think that is a good motivation, and I still appreciate it. I’m sure… I’m sure it may come in handy in the future if any other hunters you associate with… produce offspring. Or if either of you…”
“Sam, would you please wait by the car a moment while I speak with your brother? I wish to impress upon him the importance of what is to come and what I have given up, and what will happen if my sacrifice was in vain.”
“I’ll help.” Sam shakes his head. If there’s a job waiting, it’ll still be there.
“Well yeah. Owe you one, don’t I?” Dean winks, and saunters towards the kitchen.
Cas. Well, that makes sense-- he needs the chance to talk to him, otherwise this round can’t really count. He stands and moves towards the far corner, away from Dean.
“He’s gonna get cold.” Dean flops back against his pillows, though they still prop him up upright.
“No, no. I’m just… I’m useless to you both. I could prove a liability. Perhaps I should… go.”
“If I say I’m ready to become a vessel, you’ll let my brothers go?” His stance shifts, his expression is drawn.
, the realization stops him in his tracks. When Zachariah eased up, he wasn’t dying half as fast, but he wasn’t
“You wouldn’t rather come in?”
happened, and what might happen the next time Dean gets into a jam without him because he’d chosen rolling with a bad plan over waiting on a good one.
“It’s okay. Hey, I know what you need.”
There’s a girl at the bar who’s his Dean’s actual type, who he could point out, unless this Dean is strictly into dick. That’s the stuff he’s got to know going in. She’s definitely giving Dean-- or Deanna-- the eye, which makes it a fair opportunity to play wingwoman, but...
“What? You can’t send me in blind--”
“And the fire--?”
“All right.” Cas nods. “Show me this one.”
“I don’t know where I’m going.” Sam says, because this is no time to bullshit his way through things, stable or not.
on the fritz, his wings are… well, Sam’s not sure what happened there, but he knows they’re not working. He sees Dean injured badly on a hunt, at the end of the reel, and when he’s dropped into this world, he’s behind the wheel of the Impala.
“I don’t know. No-- not… He was… I took him by surprise. When we made love, I appeared to be young and female. I suppose… this vessel is still quite young, when compared to my actual age. But… before, Dean appeared older, and more… male. And I was… not that. Coming back… I understand that this is not an easy change to accept, I am very different. He is under no obligation to hold the same physical desires for this vessel that he did for the previous one. But… I am under no obligation to seek a vessel based on how pleasing it might be to him, when I have discovered I am more comfortable, being a man.”
“Okay. Okay, you come pick.” Dean nods, leading him over to where there’s a nice array of guns for target practice, as well as a couple of throwing axes. Which… interesting. Definitely a ‘come back to later’. “That’s a better idea. A man’s relationship with his firearm of choice is a deep, personal thing, you gotta get a feel for it.”
The sight of him stops Cas dead in his tracks, he goes from a headlong run to standing stock still, breathless. Dean, turned towards him, afraid to hope and then, slowly, believing the evidence of his own ears and eyes. Dean,
“Where’s Cas?”
“Cool, that’s definitely going to make this easier.”
“Who killed Zachariah?”
It’s a lot to think about. Or, to resolutely
“I care more for Dean than for any being or entity in the universe-- those that I have encountered in the past and those which I will encounter in the future. He is Righteous. That doesn’t mean he is never wrong.”
Sorry this took SO long. Between needing to focus on other things and just... getting a lot written that I wasn't happy with, it took a lot of time to feel like I was getting what I wanted.
“Wait… are you saying… the problem with guns is… you’re worried about accidentally
He hits the fast-forward on things, and everything zips by, only stopping to play out a couple of key scenes-- it’s more a refresher course than anything, Sam’s first meeting with Cas isn’t so different, nor does anything else seem to be, not that he’s been able to make out. He doesn’t think Chuck means to show him what Cas is doing with Dean behind his back, in this universe, but even getting just a flash of it, he knows… he knows all too well what he’s looking at.
He’d learned the word ‘gynecomastia’, too, but never felt comfortable using it. Sam could get away with spitting out nerd words. He practiced saying, instead, the completely factual ‘I got that weird thing where you grow boy boobs, and let me tell you, that was a blessing and a curse when I was fourteen’, and depending on who he had to say it to, maybe a little wink-wink nudge-nudge ‘couldn’t get me out of my bedroom for three years when those puppies came in’, but he’d also been silently relieved never to have to.
and sometimes we’re the ones who start the ball rolling and it
“I’ll do it.” He levels Sam with a look. “Not because of your really unsubtle attempts to bait me into it, but because I think it’s kind of interesting that
“Ruby?”
Sam looks around, really looks. There are rusting broken-down cars here and there, most of them stripped down, some abandoned right in the middle of the highway, some parked around the crumbling ex-gas station. There are arrows spraypainted on the highway, too, labeled with symbols he doesn’t know. An ‘r’ next to one he thinks is pointing north. One pointing off the road entirely labeled with a circle with two arrows through it. A pair of diamonds gouged into a car door, lying near the pumps. Another symbol on the side of the pumps. Despite the distinct lack of anything that doesn’t belong in a post-apocalyptic wasteland, he can smell french fries.
. Three hundred hours-- well, three hundred and thirty hours, and ten minutes. And--”
Sam groans and rubs at his eyes again. “Okay, here’s the thing… my brother is like… a decade away from being ready to have his bi freakout. This is
“You wanna make a bet with me.” Chuck folds his arms, skepticism writ large across his face.
He spares a little thought towards being grateful, once he remembers Sam is still in the room with them, that he’s elected not to turn that into an argument if he’s overheard them, and not to bitch over them having their moment if he hasn’t.
The door opens, and the bickering grinds to a halt, as Cas comes in with an armload of wood, brought from the shed around back of the cabin during a brief break in the rain. He deposits it by the hearth, looking to them. Dean takes a bite of soup and tries to pretend it’s palatable.
“No-- come on. Come on, we’re not keeping you locked up in a single room, with a kid. At Christmas.”
“Okay?”
Well, a little fear of rejection  makes sense, honestly, but…
“Yeah. I know. Get some sleep, Sammy.”
“He never had a childhood.” He nods. “He wishes to preserve yours. He is unreasonably committed to allowing you some innocence in a hard world, but he does you no favors now. I understand, though.”
“How are you feeling?” Sam asks Cas, sitting across from him and finding his own dinner.
“You recognized me, when you woke and saw me here. You didn’t leap to your brother’s defense, or look at me like a stranger.”
“Dad?”
“What does it mean to you, that a soul as rare and beautiful as this should have chosen damnation for you, that having suffered forty excruciating years in Hell, he would make the same choice again tomorrow?”
“We’re going to have to drag a lake, for starters.”
“Hey… where were you?” He rubs at his neck, stretching a little and rolling out of bed.
“What do you mean what’s the plan?”
“Friggin’ witches.” Dean spits, wiping frantically at his face, and the viscous, inky purple substance that he’d had flung at him. “This curse better not be genital warts.”
So he was supposed to think he had it made, Sam figures, watching the way misery hunches Cas’ shoulders and lines his face, the way he sits on the edge of his bed, arms resting on his thighs, hands dangling loosely. He was supposed to think it was a gimme, only for Cas to slink out and leave, because Chuck’s set-up has him feeling useless, thinking he’s a burden on them. That does feel pretty on the money for Chuck. Wouldn’t be fun if he couldn’t twist the knife.
“I don’t know, he knows a lot of stuff, he’s been around a long time. He’s healed weird shit before.”
Sam pauses, in his fire-building efforts, hadn’t expected Cas to snap. Usually he can take a lot more provocation-- though ever since he learned sarcasm, there’s a middle ground between ‘wearily letting the shit pile on’ and ‘reminding everyone present how easily they could be smote’.
“Right, but what if he still needs you?” Sam jumps on that. “You’ll come if he calls you, any time he needs you?”
“No one’s better off with us.” Dean’s head rolls to the side, his gaze unfixed on the wall. “Can’t do this again. He pushed himself too far today.”
Dean doesn’t say anything.
“Sure, yeah, I’ll just say ‘hey, I know you could go anywhere in the world and spend all your spare time on a beach somewhere and see all the wonders of the world and travel around with the time zones and live in a world that never sleeps or closes or runs out of neat stuff to experience, but what do you think about giving all that up to live underground with a couple of dumbass mortals. We can’t offer much in the way of entertainment, but you can pull our bacon out of the fire on a regular basis’, that’s enticing.”
“Oh.” Dean gives his hideous abomination of a breakfast a thoughtful smile.
“Dunno, what am I, the guy’s babysitter? He’s an angel.” Dean says, like it’s insane Sam should even wonder. Maybe here it is. He and Cas don’t seem to be on the friendliest terms… “When I woke up he told me he would go ‘obtain breakfast’, because I ‘deserve to have my mortal needs considered’. Dude was so salty you could use him to ward off-- well, actually, you probably could, he’s an angel… Anyway, he was pissy about something, but not about getting breakfast, that was just… weird. Good weird.”
“I have so many!” Dean calls after him, only to wake Jack. “Oh-- oh, no, no, buddy, hey… hey, it’s okay… C’mere, c’mere, up! I gotcha, champ, let’s go for a little walk. You got any song requests?”
“You really are going through it.” He snorts, with a shake of the head, and then he’s flipping through the book.
Dean blushes, even though it’s not like it’s a secret. He says it. He loves how Cas gets possessive and he loves how it makes him all stiff and formal sometimes, like something powerful inside him has snapped over his need to possess and protect, and he forgets that he uses modern english and contractions for a little bit, and he growls and glares and grabs… And he loves how Cas gets pouty and buries himself into Dean’s neck, his shoulder, his chest, how he blocks out the world and breathes in Dean until the petty side of the beast inside him is soothed. He loves how Cas touches him with reverence sometimes, and he loves how he’ll just pick him up and move him like his boyfriend is a piece of furniture he’s rearranging, and he loves how he’ll tug and prod and pinch and ever-so-carefully smack, if that’s what Dean needs, if he can make himself ask for it.
But that’s fine, because it means tonight he’s
“Let him take a walk, and if he’s not back in a few, I’ll go get him.” Sam pats Dean’s knee. “Eat your soup.”
, there’d be something you could arrange, or something you could offer. I mean if you really thought it didn’t matter and that you had nothing to worry about, making a bet with me.”
“No. We cannot be.”
in that. This isn’t goodbye.”
“You’re wrong.” Cas whispers.
“Yes?”
“Would you call Cas?” He hollers, when he hears Dean coming back from the shower, still singing to himself. “He’s not picking up for me. You’re the one he always comes running for when you bat your eyelashes.”
“... Is that a Christmas tree?”
Cute baby, though. Maybe it’s unfair to prefer his own familiar Jack on the basis of his not needing as much care, maybe Jack should have gotten to be a kid and grow up normal, instead of… like, every single thing that’s ever happened to him.
“Uh, I should--” He starts, then stops.
This is the first time someone’s mentioned it, although he guesses there’s nothing subtle about totally failing to recognize someone you know.
after the gentle lull they’d fallen into, and suddenly Cas is on the other side of the table, looking studiously at old notes. “How’d it go?”
“I know.” Sam blinks.
“Well, howdy, stranger.” Dean’s mouth feels dry. Which is stupid, because it’s
“Cas…”
“So… you agree that I seem poised to win the favor from you?” Cas rises, scooting his own pieces where he wants them, and removing one of Dean’s ballista units from the field. “You shouldn’t have left this open to attack. Your forces on this continent are going to suffer considerably from this loss.”
“Billie didn’t kill Cas?”
Digging himself out of a
Sam catches on.
“Wouldn’t call it ‘good’. Cas-- c’mon, man, I can-- You don’t have to tuck me in, I’m not a baby.”
“It’s not that bad, is it?”
“Gorgeous brunette, five o’clock. Keeps looking your way.”
“It’s not gonna hurt.”
“As always, it was my pleasure to do it.” Cas says, with a little shrug that verges on just being a tic of his head to the side. With a little smile that’s not quite relaxed and never seems to last long enough, the kind you don’t even see if you’re not looking.
His eyes are beautiful… so close, so warm.
Sam’s childhood is pretty much the same, since it’s still just Dean raising him in a series of motel rooms most of the time. A couple stretches at Bobby’s. A lousy apartment that they stay in for four years so Sam’s high school can be uninterrupted-- Dean still drops out, but he gets his GED the year Sam graduates, they study together. They seem… okay. Not good, but okay.
“Stay?” He frowns.
He bites back the urge to say he doesn’t do that anymore-- this version of him does, he hasn’t yet hit rock bottom here.
“No, it’s-- food, that’s-- I wasn’t prepared. I couldn’t have fed us. I got one bag of chips, some Ding Dongs, and a buncha jerky. And I’m pretty useless in survival situations right now.”
“And now I don’t. What’s your point?” Dean asks, shoving food into his mouth.
“Sorry, right. Just… I didn’t know you knew about mushrooms.”
Sam sees himself, in his crib. Sees his father killed that night instead of his mother, and then it’s speeding through his childhood growing up with Dean and their mom, and there’s a lot that isn’t different-- she changes, too, she gets hard and she drinks a little too much and she throws herself back into hunting. Sam still runs away a couple of times, but when he goes off to Stanford it’s with her understanding, if not her blessing, and he thinks Dean makes it through their childhood without getting hit, outside of the occasional light tap when he’s being taught to fight.
“No, I know. I just… Um, yeah. You okay, Cas?”
, and it’s his humble opinion that just about the only thing John Winchester ever did right was let Dean be Dean, because there’s been
?” He huffs, all offended. “First of all, if you think you’ve been sneaky about this whole thing between you, you’re really not. It’s kind of late for ‘buddy’. Cas looks like he’s two seconds away from tattooing ‘Property of Castiel, Angel of the Lord’ across your forehead, I think you can lay off the ‘buddy’ stuff.”
He sneaks out when Sam’s in the bathroom.
“You are aware of the claim that I have on Dean.” Cas says slowly.
“Of course. Adam gets reserved seating in Heaven, and Sam-- well, Sam’s not
Sam watches Dean flip through until he hits Cas. The book doesn’t have much on him, at all, but Dean starts filling some in. He gets a good paragraph written and tosses his pen down, leaving the book open to let the page finish drying.
“Especially that.”
Dean lets out a whistle. “Nice choice. Here-- may I?”
It’s not like Bobby would be any help if it wasn’t. He doesn’t know exactly what Dean takes, doesn’t know if there are pills involved or if it’s all injections, like with insulin, or if it’s something completely different. He knows there’s
“Sam, I am touched that you would have so much consideration for my feelings, when I have just admitted to my failure to save someone you love.”
“Nope.”
“He saved you.” Sam corrects him, gentle. “Don’t repay that by giving up.”
“I’ll start reading.” Sam nods, and Cas vanishes.
“Even the ipso facto?”
“What? Look, you of all people should appreciate that Winchester women are a lot to handle, and if I can’t find someone who’s equipped to handle me, then what’s the point? I can’t get my back blown out if I accidentally break the guy in half.”
“I am outside the bunker now.”
“Like my proficiency with a firearm.”
It’s not the father he knew. That much is clear even before Sam sees him, it’s even in the tread of his feet, he’s… Different, somehow. And, like Dean, he looks out of his element dressed like a normal person. Not as preppy normal as Dean, at least, because Sam’s not sure he could take that, but… suburban dad normal, like… jeans and a Hawaiian shirt and shoes that are ugly, but in a mind-bendingly
“You crushed a gun.”
“I’m okay.” Dean nods-- less of a nod, more a slight jerk, and Bobby takes that for what it is. The topic is closed.
“Not strung out! Not-- not like this!”
“Does Dean
“That is what I said.” He can feel the tug of a smile at his lips, and he stays where he is, keeping Dean all but pinned in place against the table, watching over his shoulder as he makes the more cautious move, as he does a little damage to Cas’ forces. “But it’s not fun if you don’t put up a fight.”
“Fine, I don’t
Although, he’s not wrong…
“Cas explained everything, so I guess we don’t have to. I don’t know if you thought I’d be upset, or… disgusted, or-- what, but I’m not. I mean it freaked me out a little, I didn’t expect that, just… he told me what the deal is, and I guess I’m… I’m glad he’s making sure you, uh, heal up.”
to do. “If I don’t get five minutes to myself, the next guy I gank might not be a vampire.”
“They’re a fascinating lifeform.” Cas hangs up his coat, slips out of his shoes, and stands by the fire in his socks and his shirtsleeves. Still soaked, but… well, he’ll dry over time.
“Look, Cas, whatever you need--”
?” Sam sputters, but Cas doesn’t stick around to appreciate the humor of his facial expression.
Castiel nods. For the first time, in the history of the universe, he feels warmth.
Cas bristles. “I can still be useful.”
“Uh, maybe, a little. Might’ve gotten bumped, here…” He prods at the back of his head with his free hand-- yup, there’s a bump, hadn’t seemed important when his hand was all torn up and bleeding but it stings now, when he pokes it.
“There are things you are not privy to, Sam, but I am aware. I know myself to be a disappointment. I appreciate that you want me to feel… better, but there is not much point. A request was made of me once, and I have failed to fulfill it.”
Cas leans in and sniffs, which Sam expects Dean to object to-- his Dean would tell Cas to cut it out and that humans don’t generally consider it socially acceptable to sniff each other. This Dean… doesn’t do that.
“He slimed me.” Dean says, scratching idly at a spot just below his sternum and then stretching again.
“That’s how you talk to a baby?” Dean gets up, moving around the table, though he doesn’t reach out to take Jack from Cas. Still, he leans in and goes into a gentle sing-song as he addresses him. “No, no, you gotta-- Hey there, champ. Hey, buddy. Who’s a big man? Can you give me a smile, huh, little guy? Yeah, like this, that’s good… You know where your nose is? Aw, good job, champ, that’s right, you got it. You got it.”
“What, now I’m not allowed to be horny? Suck it up.” She makes a face at him, and the face is one hundred percent Dean.
It isn’t how he meant for his first proper meeting with the Righteous Man to go… but he’s not wholly sorry.
“Dean…”
Although… Sam’s pretty sure Cas is looking. It’s hard to say, since Cas is pretty much always staring at Dean, but…
, Sam Winchester? A lust for power? Or lust, plain and simple? You drink the blood of a
“Please touch me,” Dean begs. He knows he looks and sounds desperate. Castiel has barely touched him, and yet Dean is already getting hard in his panties.
“So are you done fighting me when I tell you that you’re beautiful?” Cas asks. Dean feels his cheeks flush again, but he burrows closer into Cas’ embrace.
“Did he mean that he loves me, or that he’s in love with me?”
“Everything okay?” Sam asks.
and I will,” Castiel cuts him off. “I know how you think of yourself. I’m not blind to it, nor would I want to be, not if it means I can help you. I just want you to be quiet and listen. Can you do that for me?”
“That’s not it, Cas, you know that,” Dean says. “I have no problem with you being a dude.”
“Take your time,” Castiel says. He means it, too. Dean tucks his head underneath Cas’ chin so he doesn’t have to look him in the eyes when he speaks.
No matter how much Dean wants to fight Sam on every damn word that comes out of his mouth, it’s a futile plan that never goes into effect. He just shrugs and turns back around. Way to try having that conversation. The only person who might be able to understand Dean isn’t here. He’s gone, and Dean barely even got to say goodbye.
“Is Sammy home already?” Dean asks to the empty air. Miracle barks again. Dean stands up, toast forgotten, and he takes a knife from the kitchen counter. Even in the safest place on earth, it doesn’t hurt to be armed when you have no idea what you’re going to talk into. There’s no one in the first room, so Dean goes to the library. He checks between each shelf and finds nothing. And then he turns around, and -
, Dean. Everything he did, it was for you.”
“I haven’t slept a good night in a long time,” Dean says, sitting down on the bed. Castiel still stands near the door. Dean takes off his slippers and lays down, arranging the pillow in the center of the bed for now. “I thought maybe I could, now.”
Things won’t magically change by tomorrow if Dean manages to say it. In fact, there probably won’t be a substantive difference in the way he looks at himself for a long time whether or not he’s able to get out the words that Castiel wants him to say. But Dean wants to do it, if only because he knows that Castiel will be proud of him for it. It’ll give him that same twisted feeling in his gut, the one he likes to pretend means he hates what’s happening, when it really means that he can’t get enough of it.
“I will watch over you,” Cas says. He strips off the damn trench coat that Dean loves almost as much as he loves his angel. The suit jacket goes too, and his shoes. His shirt gets untucked from his pants, and then Cas is sitting down next to him, propped up against the headboard. “Sleep, Dean. I will be here when you wake.”
“Cas,” Dean says. “Cas,
“You’re such a good boy for me, Dean,” Cas says, and then his hands are on Dean’s hips and he’s bending low and mouthing at the precome that’s leaking in Dean’s panties. He fits his lips around the head of Dean’s cock through the satin, and Dean might be considering buying more pairs if this is how Cas will treat him while he’s wearing them.
“Here,” Dean echoes. “To me.”
“And why should I do that, huh?” Dean feels like slamming his fist into the wall, but he loves the kitchen too much to do that. “He left. He’s gone, Sammy, he left us. He left me.”
“He saved you,” Sam counters. “Dean, we’re Winchesters. We don’t get the happy ending, we never have. Let’s just focus on the good memories, dwelling on what could have been won’t help.”
Dean cuts himself off abruptly, because he doesn’t like where that question was going. But he has to. He has to get it out, just to see if he’s not actually going crazy like he thinks he is.
“Do you want to put them on yourself, or do you want me to help you?” Castiel asks. Sometimes Dean hates when Cas gives him a choice. When it comes to sex, he would rather have the choices made for him, because Cas knows what he likes and will usually give it to him. But now, in this moment of uncertainty, where everything is new and terrifying, he appreciates the option, the ability to say what he wants clear and aloud.
He snaps his fingers and disappears once more. Well, so much for that.
“Promise?” Dean asks. He’s already starting to drift, but he searches out Castiel’s hand first, for something concrete to hold on to.
“Alastair,” Castiel says the name with disgust in his tone, and Dean frowns. He hasn’t let himself think of that name in years. “He was doing his best to make you into something you are not. To make you into the kind of monster that he was.”
“Dean.”
“I will explain in time,” Castiel says. “When I was told that I would be the one to raise the righteous man, it was the most important assignment I had received in my millions of years alive. No one else in the garrison knew why I had been chosen. The order came down through the ranks and I was sent to survey hell and plan your, as you might say, jailbreak.”
“Oh,” Sam says, so quietly that Dean’s not even sure if he heard anything at all. Miracle chooses that moment to bound into the room excitedly, and Dean tosses him a strip of uneaten bacon from his plate, placating him for the moment. He can’t bear to look at Miracle for a minute, and remember the hope he felt when he first saw the dog in a quiet, empty world. Now it feels like all hope is lost.
Dean’s not sure he’s even ever spoken to Castiel about hell, save the few nights he’s woken up from nightmares. They don’t come often, but when they do it feels like he’s back there again. Having Cas there to help him through them means that he’s had to mention some details, but mostly in broad strokes, nothing specific. Still, Cas is particularly gentle with him for a few days after any nightmares, to the point where Sam has even noticed, not that he would dare ask Dean about his feelings.
“I know you wouldn’t lie about it, Cas, I just-” Dean sighs, somewhere between frustrated and resigned. “I don’t know. It’s a lot.”
“You don’t have to say anything. But whether you believe me or not, all of that is the truth.”
“I know that, Cas, but it’s gotta start somewhere, right?”
“How are you here?”
“I didn’t say they
“We want you to visit, Jack, that just didn’t seem so necessary when you were going around being god.”
,” Dean says, because he may as well start. “Guys aren’t beautiful.”
“Cas?” Dean asks, and he’s not at all embarrassed to admit that his voice breaks. He’s pulling Castiel into a hug before the angel can even respond, arms all the way around Cas’s sturdy frame, and Cas’s arms come around him and they stand there for longer than Dean would have ever allowed. Saying nothing, barely even taking in a breath. Dean is terrified to his core that one little gust of wind will blow this whole house down to the ground. “Cas,” Dean repeats, close to Cas’s ear where his chin rests on Cas’s shoulder.
“Do you think-”
Dean will have to explain it to Sammy, when he comes back from the hunt. That might not be for a while, though. Dean wants to make the best of this time, this moment.
Dean throws the little shovel away and stands up abruptly. He walks away, not checking to see if Sam is following him or not. He doesn’t really care right now.
“M’okay, thinking,” Dean says. “You really just go for it, huh?”
It feels right. To be here, with Cas, laid bare before him in a way Dean never believed he would be. After talking for longer than Dean probably ever has about his feelings, it feels good to let go of everything and just feel. That he’s never had a problem with; experiencing pleasure is nearly the only thing he’s good at besides hunting. And he’s gotten better at it since he stopped denying himself the things he knew he needed, so what’s one more thing added to the list?
Sam clears his throat and Dean turns around.
“That’s not all,” Dean says. Now that he’s started, he has too much on his mind. “I know it doesn’t seem like it, but I like it when you call me out on shit. I never thought much of myself, but you make me want to be better. It’s far from easy, but the way you look at me, I can’t ignore the fact that you think there must be something worth looking at.”
“Yes, I suppose,” Cas says, summoning a damp washcloth from nowhere. He slides the panties off Dean’s hips and tosses them towards the hamper in the corner of the room before running the washcloth over Dean’s body. The cloth ends up in the hamper too, and then Castiel moves Dean, despite his protests, until they’re under the covers, in a similar position to how they started out the night. Castiel is half-sitting up against the headboard with Dean curled up at his side, head against his chest. Castiel’s hand is on Dean’s bare hip, thumbing at the place where the panties were a few minutes ago.
“Beautiful,” Castiel says reverently, running two fingers through the mess on Dean’s chest. He brings them up to Dean’s lips, and Dean accepts them easily, sucking the come off and then letting them rest against his tongue for a moment. “You are everything I have ever wanted and more, Dean. Your soul shines as brightly as it did in hell, if not brighter still.”
“There… it’s all right. Sam will understand, it’s fine.” His voice goes gentle again, his hand slides from Dean’s brow to his cheek, then to his shoulder. “You’ve done nothing to feel ashamed of, so rest. Shh, rest…”
Alive?
“Yeah, well… he’s a stubborn son of a bitch. Come on. Room’s where you left it.”
“Nothing wrong with freaky stuff.” Sam feels motivated to say-- they’ll take it as him talking in defense of himself, but he can’t help but think about his own Jack, and what it was like raising him, freaky stuff and all.
. It’s seared into his shoulder, and it looks gnarly, but even when he pokes at it it doesn’t really hurt. It’s just…
“Oh, oh no, uhh-- Not… exactly?” He winces. Well, he’s been spotted before and it was fine, he just didn’t say anything too revealing, and…
, and that’s without making a round trip to Hell and back, that’s with a fraction of the trauma Dean’s got on his plate. So… maybe he just needs to know that Bobby cares enough to struggle through a conversation, and that’s enough, because Dean sure as hell, sure as Hell, doesn’t want to talk about his feelings… but he still deserves to know that his feelings matter to somebody in this world.
The screens go dark, along with any glimpses of information he could have gleaned from them-- a map and a newspaper spread out next to his laptop (in this universe he has a sticker for some band next to the track pad), the Impala parked outside a chain restaurant somewhere, a statuesque young woman standing in the middle of a police station, the clear youth in her button nose and big brown doe eyes contrasted by a navy power suit and a no-nonsense single strand of pearls. A coroner trying to make sense of the mess of a vamp victim’s body. He loses it all before he gets any of it.
Dean loses himself in the small sensations, in the warmth of Cas’ mouth and the damp fabric that separates it from his cock, at Cas’ fingers toying with the hem of the panties and dipping underneath to feel bare skin. He tries to thrust up once, but Castiel’s hands tighten on his hips, keeping him right where he is.
“He wasn’t,” Castiel says. “You did not see yourself, Dean. Your true self, the one underneath all the violence and destruction. But I saw your soul. In the midst of the darkness I saw a light brighter than I had ever seen before. I’d been on Earth before, looked down at the humans for as long as they’ve been in existence. I had seen souls of countless men, women, children. Souls of ordinary people, souls of people who have changed the world for good and for bad. Of brilliant and evil minds. Each one a little different than the next, some more pure, some more blemished. But your soul, Dean. I think the moment I saw your soul I was at a loss for words, a loss for everything. I could not stop looking at that light.”
It’s not the only question, but it has to be the first. He pulls back slightly from the hug to look Cas in the eyes.
Still, all these years later, Castiel has retained his predilection for air quotes. Dean feels Castiel’s fingers tickle his side as they move against him, the gesture oddly intimate when they’re laying as they are. Dean shifts slightly, pressing back into Cas’ warmth, and tilts his head to press a kiss to Cas’ jaw. Cas turns his head down to catch Dean’s mouth when he goes for it again, and they kiss unhurriedly until Dean’s neck aches from how it’s twisted.
The forest woke them up in the morning with bird chants and sunshine passing through the indolent clouds.
Castiel hugged her thank you. “Wait, I’ve got some new batteries in the backroom, I’ll go fetch them!” he exclaimed enthusiastically. Charlie and Dean watched him stumble his way to there and chuckled together.
Sam sighed on the other side of the phone but Dean knew better.
“Oh, don’t worry, he still doesn’t. His life remains a mystery to me. But yes, he talked about you quite a few times. You two seem to get along and know each other pretty well.” Hailie replied with a soft laugh.
“Thank you Charlie, that’s so nice of you.” he replied ironically. But her eyes let him know that she had seen through him and his daydreaming.
even if his whole body was screaming them. And he didn’t feel like justifying himself again, he knew he was wrong. He felt desperate as the thought that he had possibly messed it all up. It of sorts began harder to breathe. And Castiel just nodded, which made things even worse. He couldn’t do anything else, he was just overwhelmed by an immense sorrow, which felt like being lost at sea.
Dean thanked her and got out. He walked a few steps and turned back as he heard someone coughing loudly. He saw the man in the trench coat almost spitting his lungs.
“Hum well” he started again, slowly, and he looked down “I… saw him with Hailie, chatting and laughing in the streets… and it took me off guard I guess… had me wondering if she really wanted to be with me, if I really were the man she needs, you know.” When he finished uttering his improvised lie, he looked back at Charlie. Guilt was almost suffocating him for he knew he was betraying both his best friend and his girlfriend while everything could have been so much more simple as Charlie had suggested it. And he had just promised her – But something inside of him was pushing back, silencing him even when sometimes he wanted to scream. In a split second it was too late. To take it back. To make it right. Charlie believed him:
“Oh because now you have a type? I thought hot and pretty was your type.” Dean teased her.
“How are things going?” he asked Hawk. The very big and tall barman, with a thick beard was wiping the counter clean and putting the clean glasses on the shelves. He was a biker and dressed as such: a leather jacket with no sleeves – since it was warm inside the bar – pierced ears, long curly brown hair tied up in a small bun, a black shirt with an eagle drawn on it. He was somewhere between his forties and fifties and had been working for Castiel for a pretty long time now.
Castiel remained silent for some long seconds during which Dean thought he might have made a mistake by asking too many  questions. There was obviously something wrong about Castiel’s moving in town. Maybe he’d better not look too much for the truth. Not until they would trust him enough to feel comfortable to share it with him at least.
As he drove back home, he knew that he wouldn’t talk about it to Charlie although he couldn’t exactly tell why. It was just a weird feeling that he couldn’t shake off. He just couldn’t talk about it; not yet. It was too weird. She was gonna ask to many questions that he wouldn’t be able to answer, which would just make him more confused. One subject at a time. And for now, the subject was Hailie.
Castiel poured himself a drink almost against his will – he wasn’t thirsty, especially not for alcohol. He didn’t offer one to Dean and went to sit down at a table, staring at its smooth wooden surface. Dean joined him. Castiel looked up at him and slowly began to talk.
“So… Do you want to tell me about last night? What make you drink so much?”
“Easy.” Hawk stated, shrugging his shoulders.
He didn’t take any day off, not on a regular basis. He didn’t need to. The Red Light was the place where he wanted to be and most of the time it didn’t even feel like working at all; it was more like having friends over.
Dean stared at his phone absent-mindedly, wishing that someone would text him. Hailie maybe? Maybe not. She had been the one to send the last message in their chat and Dean’s previous reply had been cold enough for her to wait for some explanation. Maybe Castiel then; one of his riddle-like messages would bring some distraction. No notification came to disturb the silence however, yet a knock on the door shattered the darkness. Dean startled and walked to the door which he hurriedly unlocked. He got pushed aside by Charlie who didn’t let him time to make any objection before she made her way in and settled down on the couch.
“What?”
A few minutes later – he would have said hours later – a car stopped before him. Hailie got out and opened the door for him. She looked concerned. “Are you okay?”
“No, I mean you can’t, Dean; I’m over it.” and he look straight into Dean’s eyes to try and show him how sincere he was, to tell him everything he was too confused to put words on.
Just a quick insight into Dean's everyday life, with a little cliffhanger ~
It wasn’t a reproach either. Just a fact.
“They’re just idiots they don’t know what they lost.”
“Please, let me in.” he asked with a soft voice.
He remembered that he had a phone. That was a thing he tended to forget whenever he got depressed or sad. He went to fetch it in his bedroom and walked back to the kitchen.
Castiel opened his swollen eyes, slowly, taking the time to let everything that had happened the night before come back to him. He remained still in his bed, trying to make his body and soul insensitive to his thoughts, to the image of Dean that was lingering in his mind, to latent pain in his chest. It was a beautiful day, the sun was shining through his window, and the birds were still singing. He was almost surprised that it was raining; he would have expected lightings to tear the sky; it would have made more sense, he thought. He could feel the sun on his skin but, strangely enough, its warmth didn’t seem to be able to permeate it and soothe his whole body as it usually did. Slowly, he sat up on his bed, ran a hand through his hair and got up.
Dean ached. “Why?” he asked, almost pleading like a child who cannot understand why he’s denied the toy of his dreams. Except that Castiel wasn’t a toy. He was the most beautiful and the most endearing man that Dean had ever got to lay his eyes upon.
“Of course, it’ll be a pleasure.”
Ding. 1:02 a.m.
The man nodded and sat in the booth with Dean.
“I know.” Dean answered with a smile. And he didn’t feel like wrapping his arm around Hailie’s shoulders as they walked back to her apartment. But she was kind and playful and pretty, and the tension within Dean’s body melted a little as they talked; and her eyes sparkled in the dark.
“No do it now, I wanna see you send it. No more avoiding her.”
“Hum… To sum it up, I’ve got this girlfriend –”
“Heya!” she chimed in. “How’s my birthday boy doing??” she inquired while sitting down at the counter. It had been ages since she had had the time to pass by at the bar. Castiel was pretty pleased to see her.
“Screw you.” she replied, laughing.
“I liked the actress, she surprised me.”
He looked up at her, looking disoriented and almost surprised that she had talked to him. “Uh, hey, Charlie.” he said slowly, with his deep voice, failing to fake a smile. There was a silence as Charlie observed him while he took his stuff out of his bag and put them in order on his desk. “What’s up?” he finally asked.
“Who’s Charlie?”
“Thank you baby.” He kissed him slowly.
“I still have one hour to go and have nowhere else to be. I’ll stay and keep you company. What do you drink?” he asked. He had a hoarse voice. Castiel grinned at him.
“Great. She had her weekend off so we could spend some family time for once.” Castiel smiled. Katie was a nurse and she worked a lot but Hawk was understanding and made the most of every little moment they could spend together.
“Are you staying over late? We’ve got to celebrate our new partnership.” Castiel declared cheerfully.
“Are you free on Friday night, by the way?” she asked.
Hailie chuckled. “She’s really sweet.”
“Still adorable.” Castiel thought that Hawk was himself an adorable daddy. He went to open the front door and turned the little sign to “open”.
“You look handsome.” Dean answered sincerely. He had always thought that black suited Castiel so well as it made his eyes seem even brighter.
North Street.”
Charlie’s eyes widened in disbelief. “No way! I’m gonna go kick his ass.” she declared, as anger had replaced surprise quickly enough. “Why the hell would he do that? Such a creep move…” she stated with disappointment in her voice.
Dean paused to think. “Mmh, which one is your favorite?”
Dean got a grip on himself. Castiel was opening up to him about what was probably his biggest heartbreak. He could see in his deep blue eyes that he was aching, that he still wanted to curl himself up to heal the pain.
“Your first wha –” His jaw dropped open as realization suddenly hit him and Sam watched him quietly, letting him time to take the information in.
On Monday evening, the bar was somehow packed with people; mostly some newcomers, probably some tourists that had got lost while visiting the countryside. Castiel was behind the bar with Hawk, serving drinks, lightly sweating.
either these past days.” he admitted.
She laughed. “Don’t you wanna know what I found?”
“We should do that again someday, if that’s okay with you.” Hailie offered.
“You.”
Dean tried to glare at him but it didn’t work since he couldn’t help a smile. “See for yourself.” he replied, handing him his bag. Castiel took several boxes out of it and opened them carefully, not to spill anything on the ground.
“I wanted to go to the casino. But we can go on Saturday night if you prefer.”
“I don’t know. I don’t even let him time to explain anything and just kicked him out of my bar.” Castiel sighed. “That was the night of the Wild Bear Brewery’s party, and I just assume that he was scared I would go there, because he has a beef with them; I’m pretty sure I’m right.”
Sam answered quickly. He was probably already back home from work.
“I do.” Dean answered in a deep tone.
“Thank you. You’re not bad yourself.” she complimented him back. They were both used to dressing rather casually and hadn’t had many occasions in their lives to see each other well dressed. “Shall we go?” she asked him. He nodded and offered her his arm, and they walked inside together.
She answered the call.
“I do want to see you again. Are you free next week?”
“Girly stuff.”
Dean had one beer, then two, then five… He was quite tipsy to say the least. And Castiel was here, sat on the couch next to him, talking to him about his personal life, confiding in him, eventually. He took this opportunity to ask the questions that had remained unanswered until then.
“Hum, true!” Charlie answered, proud of herself. “So what did you do together if you didn’t sleep with her? Are you gonna see her again?”
“Did you like the film?” he asked, attempting not to let the conversation die, which would have been embarrassing for both of them.
He looked up to see a rather old woman. “Good afternoon, madam! Sure, what are you looking for?”
“Just one thing boys,” he said, “be careful out there okay?” They looked at him waiting for him to be over to bail. “Don’t get into fights if you can avoid it; and if people annoy you just talk about it to someone who can help you, alright?” They nodded with haste. “Alright, go now, enjoy your evening.” he finally allowed them to leave.
“Heading home for tonight. But I’ll be here tomorrow night, especially if we have some extra Golden Sparkles.” he said with a small smile. Golden Sparkles was the name of the brewery’s brand. It was rather famous in the state. Hawk took his jacket and his car keys and left the bar, waving Castiel goodbye and wishing him a good evening.
She hanged up. And indeed, Dean was very sorry. Some idle moments passed upon him, and he didn’t move. He stared in the distance. He could feel the empty place that Castiel had left, just besides him. His thoughts were whirling in his mind, but slowly, and they were distorted, and tainted, and stained, and got little holes in them, like very very old photos of when that someone finds back in their drawer when it’s time to clean up years after and move out. He thought about Hailie and he thought of Castiel. And there were tears streaming down Hailie’s cheeks and he couldn’t take it, he wanted to clench his fists and take her pain and sorrow away but was too numb for that. And Castiel was fading away in a blurry haze. And there he stayed in his living room alone and exhausted and stunned.
He took out of the bag something soft, wrapped in paper, that he carefully removed. Underneath it was a black sweater, with a bee embroidered on the front, on the left, where Castiel’s heart would be when he would wear it. On the end of the sleeves, inside of the wrists were two words, in white fabric, facing each other, looking at him:
“It’s a surprise.”
Hello everybody!
He came back a little later with two cups and that was it. He didn’t find any alibi that could account for him burying his head in the sand; but still, he didn’t go and rather stayed all day long meditating on the little couch of the break room, tossing paper pellets into an empty wastepaper basket to divert his mind.
“Oh, it’s nothing.” Castiel tried to lie, and his cheeks slightly blushed.
“I’m sorry.” Castiel apologize, looking down.
“You’re such a good friend. Take their numbers for me next time.”
“My friend, you’ll see her at the movies.”
“Well, you must be Hailie. I’m super pleased to meet you.” Charlie said enthusiastically.
“Of course not, I still love it!” Castiel replied enthusiastically, before continuing with a fake more serious tone “and for your information, I will never not love it.”
“I did. What did you think?”
“About what?”
“Tiny cute
“I want you” he said in a deep voice.
He felt relieved, but something lingered deep inside of him as he was trying hard not to let Castiel’s face appear before his eyes again. Hailie still smelled like lemon.
“No I –” She didn’t let him explain and put a hand on his forearm.
“Again.” Dean lied. But Sam had just given him a good excuse to avoid talking about either Hailie or Castiel. Sam knew nothing about Castiel, and very little about Hailie, but Dean would probably have to spit it out next time they would have dinner together. “She’s such a sweetie.” he added with a tender smile that he meant. “Anyway, what’s up?” he asked, to change the subject.
Did he have a crush on Castiel? This was about the silliest question he had ever asked himself. Of course. Of course he did. You don’t just daydream randomly about someone, and you certainly don’t kiss them when you’re drunk and that your body and soul can finally speak their truth without your mind keeping them under close watch. And most of all, they don’t make you forget about your own
“You can’t, Dean. It’s not right.” His tender lips had just contradicted his eyes and this light golden glow that Dean swore he could touch.
“That’s okay, I’m not a stalker either and I’m not police.”
Her eyes sparkled.
The wine was good and the three of them laughed and messed around, before they moved on to more important subects, like how Sam and Jess were excited for their new life together and how happy Dean was for them.
“Dean…” Castiel cut him off, “you don’t have to worry about that. I love you. And you don’t have to say it back. I know. I already know.”
“I could have used tips on how you’re supposed to do that.” he was answered. Dean frowned.
“Cas is there something wrong?”
“I’m going home.” Castiel said in a husky voice as he got up. He hadn’t even reacted to Dean’s words, to his confession – he hadn’t said a thing about it, nor looked at Dean. He put the glass on the counter, locked the front door and left. Dean stayed alone in the bar, which was meaningless without Castiel. It was even worse than what he had imagined. The red lights flooded the room but they weren’t able to warm up the atmosphere. He stayed still in the middle of the room, defeated until he couldn’t take more. Why hadn’t he been able to say that he loved Castiel? Anyway, it seemed like it didn’t matter anymore, to Castiel’s eyes at least. Dean didn’t matter to him anymore; he had lost him. Guilt was suffocating him, and anger continued to build up inside of him. He left and the iron backdoor closed as he walked away – it couldn’t be opened from the outside without a key.
On his way home, Castiel decided to stop at the bakery, it was early enough for it to be still open. He pulled his car in the parking lot in front of the store, got out and locked it.
“Heya, Dean!” she greeted him as he clocked in for the day.
Castiel grinned. Even if Dean had said it as a joke, Castiel took it as a good omen for what he had he had to discuss with him – his feelings. “Wanna drink?”
“Here.” Hawk handed him his glass, putting it on the counter. “You look like crap man, are you okay?” he asked after a pause.
“Hey Charlie, how do you feel?” he asked her with a smile as he put the cups down on the coffee table.
“Okay so, about this handsome guy.” Charlie reminded him patiently.
The text was gleaming before his eyes and he answered with four letters:
“I’ll see you on Thursday.” he said to the biker, and Hawk left the place. Castiel came and sat on the high stool next to Dean. Behind them, the last customers were chatting lowly, and laughter could be heard from time to time.
“Is that fine?” she asked.
“Hey.” Dean called softly as Castiel stirred in his arms. He pulled him a little tighter against himself and kissed his head. “How did you sleep?”
Little time skip babies >>>>>
“No Cas, wait…” Dean tried to convince him. “Please…I’m sorry, I am.”
“I know!” he answered loudly with a smile.
“Yes please!”
“Because you get flustered whenever you’re around him? And you think about him more often that you’d like to? Like more often that you’d willingly like to admit?”
The phone rang. That startled Dean awake and was quick to answer, barely having the time to read the name written on the screen.
“What about you Dean? You’re not telling us much, how’s life?”
“Aaaawww… you guys are making my heart melt. But I’m kinda jealous now, I found you a boyfriend when are you finding me a girlfriend?”
“Thanks.” Castiel replied, proceeding to look for the said silverware. “I’m assuming that you’re having the bacon slices and the fries?” he asked, amused.
“Hey, Charlie. Thank you for coming.” he greeted her with a faint smile.
“There’s silverware in the bag if you wanna start to eat.” Dean explained.
Castiel was so rarely beside himself that it took several long seconds for Dean to talk back. “Cas listen - …”
Dean seemed even more puzzled and sighed. He sat down and opened his computers, taking his time to answer thoroughly to each of his mails – a thing he really wasn’t used to doing. Charlie was usually the one handling the written exchanges with the clients or with their associates. Dean had tried to do his part before but he was so engulfed in the other tasks that he had to perform for the brewery – and that he liked better – that he used to often forgetting to answer in time to some important e-mails. He wasn’t doing that on purpose. That was just how things were. They had therefore settled things as follow: Charlie would be the one answering all the e-mails – that gave her the opportunity to work from home and thus spend more time with her girlfriend which was a benefit for her – while he would be the one to welcome everybody and show them around the brewery when they would come to visit it. That was something he liked doing – he was proud of the brewery and it was every time a pleasure  for him to see people’s admiratives look while he walked them through the different rooms.
That’s how the story ends, with Castiel drowned into the most adorable hoodie, burying his head in Dean’s shoulder, feeling intoxicated by his lover’s scent, and with nothing left to say, but everything left to feel.
“Wow… that’s a pretty name.” Dean answered sincerely. Not what he expected
“What was that?” Dean slightly frowned as he scrutinized Castiel’s expression, trying to spot what he though he had just seen darken Castiel’s look for a second.
“We do. Let me get that for you.” he said with an affable smile. He came back with several boxes of it one minute later.
“What did he dooo?” Charlie chimed in.
“Hey, calm down, take a breath, everything’s fine.” Dean tried to settle him down.
“I designed a house for my fiancée and I, for us to live together in when we would be married.”
Dean nodded. “Thanks Sammy, I’m sure you’re gonna be pretty busy soon with your new job though.” he smiled.
They pulled back.
Dean had finished his pizza. “I think Charlie is gonna like you.” he said, looking at her.
“No of course not, but I wasn’t expecting to see you. I mean –”
“Oh, so they’re a “she”. You’re sure that I’m not getting between you two or something?” she asked. There was no jealousy in her voice, it was a genuine question.
“Of course.” She paused and let him eat a little more. He was actually eating really fast, rather devouring his pizza than savoring it. “Are you down to let me sleep here tonight?” she asked back.
She looked at him. “I found it.”
“Didn’t you already got him to tell you everything about us?” Castiel teased her. Dean came home every night complaining about how Charlie made them talk about their relationship all day; but no one was fooled by these complaints, they all knew that Dean was delighted to have the chance of going on about it all day long.
It was just them again, in the empty bar, as always. Castiel had cleaned everything and sat down besides Dean.
She laughed at the compliment but didn’t blush. She knew she was pretty. “Cosmopolitan.”
“Oh is it? I didn’t realize, I’m sorry again.” He didn’t hang up.
There it was, silence. Dean passed a hand in his hair and on his neck. “Well, I think I’m gonna go home” he said with his deep voice.
“Ooooooh…”
“Because right now there’s nothing I want more than to kiss you.” Dean declared looking him straight in the eye. He wasn’t even smiling, anymore; he was pure craving. Castiel shuddered. Dean didn’t move. He was waiting for his signal.
“Do you want to take the path along the river or do you want to climb the mountain?” Castiel asked him.
because he only had sparling water.” He paused. Drank some beer. Sat down next to his brother on the couch. “And I kissed him, I don’t know why, don’t ask me about it, I still haven’t figured it out.” There. He had said it. He expected some sort of reaction from Sam but nothing came from him except for this deep attention; Sam could tell the story wasn’t over yet. A little bit disoriented by his brother’s calm, Dean continued. “Then he just left. So this morning I went to see Hailie, I wanted to make things right if I could, you know, if she didn’t want to leave me. But she did, she said I liked him; I tried to tell him that he was just a friend but she wouldn’–”
came in the form of a kiss. “This is the perfect gift.” He pulled Dean’s hips against him and cupped his cheek with his hand. “I love you so much.” he whispered into another kiss. He continued with a low and amorous voice: “
He opened his eyes. “Huh…” He sat straight and looked outside. He recognized his flat. “Oh, right. Thank you Hailie, sorry for having waken you up.”
“Sure, but I’ll go on with my sparkling beer, if that’s alright.” Dean declared with a wink as he walked away to go fetch Castiel’s politely requested beverage.
“Oh, yes; thank you.” He started to walk away towards the backdoor. “I’ll see you very soon.” he added and left. Castiel took his time to finish his drink and savor it. Then he gathered his strength to stand up. He cleaned his glass and put it back in its place. He collected his stuff in the backroom and walked home.
“Chill Cas, I’ve done worse. We both made mistake. Let’s forget them, alright?”
She hanged up.
As agreed with Charlie, Dean had made things right with Hailie and his feeling of guilt and shame and self-loathing had faded away like a bad memory that you can forget. There had been no more lies and no more isolation from Dean, but more cinema nights, more lunches at Sam’s, more dates with Hailie and Dean had almost grown protective of her
“Tell me, what did you bring us to eat?” he asked, “I hope that everything is homemade.” He joked. But for the few times that Dean had invited him over and cooked for him – that is to say that he had invited him plenty of times at his home but that they usually ordered takeaway – he could say that Dean was rather a good cook.
She was offering him a second chance. He tried to settle down, to think and make the stress go away. But the fact that she wasn’t dumping him and let him choose seemed to bring him even more stress. Because choosing to stay with her and mess up again would be the worst thing he could do to her. And to himself. He took slightly too much time to answer, and that betrayed him. Her eyes darkened, letting pain show through. She stood up and walked away but Dean followed her quickly.
Garth carefully put it in a little box that he wrapped in a thick brown paper. “There you go.” he said, handing him the box with a smile.
Dean felt calmer, as if a weight had been lifted off his chest. He could breathe steadily. He threw the waste away and went to sleep. He turned his phone off for the night but only after he had sent one last text for the day; he knew that he wouldn’t get an answer right away.
“I’m not the one you should be apologizing to, Dean. It’s better if I go.” And he walked away.
“You get out of my bar. Now.” Castiel intimated him in a steady and firm voice.
“Know what?”
Dean was wondering whether he should let them buy it or not. He was thinking that young Sammy and young Dean had done it a hundred times, and they loved when the cashiers pretended not to see that they were underage. But he wasn’t sure that it was a responsible thing to do. And he wasn’t sure that Sam’s and his youth should be an example for the new generations to follow. Or for anyone to follow at all. The three boys were looking at him, waiting for an answer.
“Hell Dean, you know what you want better than me. Go for it if you liked her!” Charlie encouraged him.
Dean just walked up to him and hugged him, almost lifting him off the ground. He was thrilled.
“Come on, you’re pickier than I am.”
“Yeah, so long. I figured I’d come to see you since I haven’t been around lately.”
“Oh Dean! I’m sure he’s just her best friend, or her brother! Why didn’t you tell me earlier? I can find him on social media in less than a minute you know that—”
____________
“I didn’t say you were one.”
This one's a little bit longer. Still not destiel, but we're getting to it, I promise!
“I have something for you too.” Dean declared, handing Castiel a paper bag. Castiel looked at him, excited and lovestruck, trying to guess in his eyes what it was, but Dean gave him no hint.
Dean came back with another beer anyway and bit eagerly in the beef taco that his brother handed him once he sat down on the couch.
“Maybe you’ll have interesting things to tell me by then.” Charlie said with an impish look.
Sam smiled and waved him goodbye, letting Dean close the door.
okay…?” He looked up towards her at these words, then back down at the ground because he was too ashamed to stand the tender look she gave him.
“Everything’s great, thanks Garth; how are you?” Castiel was used to coming to this bakery often, as Garth prepared a special pastry that he was totally crazy about. He made sure to buy one every Saturday, to savor it on Monday morning – the bakery was closed on Sundays. It was his little ritual to make sure to start each new week in a pleasant way.
Castiel reached for his watch. It was past 9. He turned towards Dean and kissed him. “Okay now, you must be hungry. Let me take you home and cook you breakfast.”
She was right, Dean knew he probably would, as he always did. He finished his coffee down in one drink and stood up. “I gotta go if I don’t want to be late for my shift. I’ve got to stop at my apartment on my way to the store to change clothes. See you this weekend?”
“Hey, it’s alright, you did the right thing.” Dean thought about making a joke to lighten the atmosphere but the guy would probably not laugh and rather feel that they would be made fun of. Gosh, this man was even more insecure that some of his former girlfriends, Dean couldn’t help reckoning. As the one who was making conversation, he decided to get back to more traditional questions. Maybe Castiel would get more comfortable with the usual social chit chat and small talk. Or maybe he wouldn’t, this guy was hard to figure out. Perhaps that was what made him interesting.
“Hold on whose number is Cas taking now?” Dean’s voice rang from behind Charlie.
“Hey Charlie! You look great for someone who ended her shift at 1 a.m. You gotta tell me how you do that.”
Maybe he started to like how this girl was always ready with a quick answer.
“I need to talk to you.” he said seriously, making his way to the living-room. Hailie frowned and followed him.
, more parties and some more grabbing coffee with Castiel to check on him – and he had been getting better – or so it seemed. Dean had even told Sam and Charlie about this new friend of his, making sure that he never mentioned his appearance to Charlie for fear that she would make the connection with Hailie’s friend he had allegedly been jealous of. And thank god Charlie was a lesbian so she didn’t give a damn about what he looked like and had never asked whether he was good looking or how he was looking at all.
“Today’s my favorite day, because it was the day you were born.” Dean murmured. He hoped that the music hadn’t covered his words and that Castiel had heard them because he meant them. They heart pounded in their chest. Dean was still unable to believe how lucky he was to get to hold Castiel like that every day and every night, to cherish him, and be the one to dance him through the night of his birthday party. Castiel didn’t think about it, and embraced the moment as he embraced Dean’s body, getting lost in his warmth. “Happy birthday, sweetheart.” Dean whispered to Castiel’s ear.
Something stirred inside of him, telling him that this was all he had ever dreamed of, deeply, even when he had tried so many times to deny it and downplay it all by getting laid as often as he could by the most beautiful girls he could think of: he dreamed of being loved by someone he could share his life with, who would be there to celebrate every moment of joy with him and support him through the tough ones, and for who he’d give everything because he would care so much that nothing else would matter. He wasn’t jealous of his little brother, of course. He just ached somehow; and drank some more wine to prevent his mouth from tasting the sour taste of his repressed emotions.
“You’re welcome.” Dean replied, always eager to help.
“No, I almost did when you woke me up this night, but I figured out had better waited to see you.”
She giggled. “I came to the store you’re working at this week, and I saw your name on the badge you were wearing.” she explained.
Thank you for the feedback and the support ~
“I will.”
“Oh. Slightly disappointed that you haven’t wildly jumped on her but okay.” Dean rolled his eyes again. “Buuut she may be a stalker and
“Hailie… You know that I like you a great deal. Please…”
“Now I’m jealous.” Charlie pretended to pout.
“Alright! Now that everything’s sorted out text her.”
“What? Don’t worry for me, it’s probably just my imagination, I was tired.” Castiel explained. Dean sipped his beer and said nothing. ‘But why?’ Castiel thought. “Dean?” he called him, trying to get some reaction from him. And it hit him. “Dean no…You didn’t…” His eyes widened as he couldn’t come to terms with the idea his mind had just created, but guilt was showing through all over Dean’s face.
“Oh Dean, it’s you.” he realized with a grin. He passed on the other side of the counter and gave him a quick hug. “Golden Sparkles’s sending you?”
Dean brain had frozen at the word “fiancée” and he didn’t even hear what had followed but his heartbeat racing. Hopefully, Castiel would mistake the void in his eyes for some lag in his brain cause by alcohol.
“The opposite. But let’s go home.”
The man nodded. That sounded like one of the stupidest things Dean had ever heard, although he considered himself as a dumbass capable of doing really really dumb things, especially when he’d had a little too much alcohol.
Castiel stood up. “How about I take you home with me instead?” he asked seriously, matching Dean’s eager energy. But Dean grabbed him and pulled him tight against him and kissed him hard, pressing him against the counter, the red lights on their skins. There was nobody left to watch. Nobody left to hinder them to have each other. Dean’s hair was getting messier as Castiel ran his fingers through it while Castiel’s shirt felt lighter on his skin since Dean let his hands wander wherever they wanted. Castiel took advantage of Dean’s moment of weakness to make them swap places and have him pressed against the counter instead, and he began to kiss his neck, which drew a whimper from Dean. Then he pulled back, leaving Dean confused and frowning.
“Hello Dean!” Jess chimed in as soon as he entered the living room. “How’s my
“No thanks.”
Castiel put his phone away and Charlie’s last text painted a faint smile on his face. Once more she was gonna be the one to get him through a tough moment of his life.
Jessica had always liked beer, as they did, but she had recently taken to drinking wine.
. The important thing is to figure out who you want to be with, between Hailie and Castiel – if you want to be with any of them.”
Sam settled down on the couch and Dean brought them two fresh beers. They clinked their bottled together and drank a little. Dean sipped his beer in silence, savoring the last seconds of quietness before Sam would start asking questions. He didn’t even try to put the whole conversation off as he would normally have done by asking random questions himself and acting as if everything was fine. He calmly waited, standing near the couch, for Sam to shoot his questions because he knew that once he would get started there would be now turn back. His younger brother cleared put his beer on the coffee table and cleared his throat. There we go, Dean thought.
“Hey Hawk. I’ll have just a whiskey, please.” he ordered with a dull look. He hadn’t even met Castiel’s eyes. It was like he had just given up, eventually, like Castiel had asked him to.
Dean nodded slowly. He looked outside; there was no car parked out there: they had come walking. Good. At least giving them some beer wouldn’t mean involving them into a car crash. “Alright boys, you can have a pack – but just one you hear me? They’re right behind the last shelve you see there, besides the freezer.”
It was just Dean and him and the red lights again. Music was still playing though a little lower than before.
“Well, I know this place.” Dean declared with a smirk as they got out of the car.
“Do you believe me now?” he said, and his voice was hoarse.
“Don’t go yet, please.” Dean beseeched him again.
“How are you, Dean?” he asked as he pulled back.
“Maybe I did… but I want your version of it all.” Charlie explained with a mischievous look.
“I’ve already made a proposition to Charlie. She says I need time to think about it and think things straight. I’d rather she takes it but if she won’t I’ve got other associates who could be interested. It will all be done by the end of next week.” he explained, and Castiel could see that he was dead serious about it. Why hadn’t Charlie told him about it?
“I get to pick the place?”
Then there was silence. Dean was standing just before the door. She was the one to speak again.
“We advertize.”
“It’s too late. She’s gonna think I’m drunk or using her not to feel lonely.”
“Really, you paid for me? That’s nice of you.” Dean appreciated.
Castiel sighed with a little smirk and shook his head. “I don’t even know how you can be so fit when you’re eating like that every day and that you don’t even work out.” he stated.
He came back with a whiskey without ice for him and a strawberry juice for her. He handed her the bottle and sat down again.
“Text her. See if when she’s free for a date to make things right. And then I’ll help you pick a cute outfit to impress her.” She winked at him with a knowing smile which felt to Dean like he had been punched in the stomach.
Chuck came by on the afternoon; as he was almost the only client there, they were able to make up for lost time. It helped Castiel clear his mind, and he caught himself almost forgetting about the argument with Dean as Chuck was a very good storyteller and related his road trip with vivid details and anecdotes. He finished to tell him everything about his adventure as he didn’t have enough time to the day before.
When they finally both fell asleep, Dean hadn’t checked his phone since he had last texted Hailie, and so he hadn’t seen that the notification light was glistening. On the other side of the phone, someone was desperately waiting for an answer.
“I don’t know Cas… I want you to be mine, I want to wake up every morning by your side.” Castiel chuckled. His heart was about to burst. “But I don’t know if y– ”
“Your flaw.”
“When I realized I had a crush on Andy. And that I allowed myself to accept it.”
“You can call me everything you want, Dean.”
“Tell me, what are we doing here? Did we come here to play or would you rather sit in a booth and a bottle of champagne?” Dean asked Charlie while they walked around and that he observed faces passing by him.
Dean walked his brother back to the door.
“I’m gonna go.” Dean finally replied. He stayed a few seconds still, looking at Castiel, before he stood up.
“You take all the time you need Cas”, she said with a smile. “He’s not leaving the brewery any day soon; you know where to find him.” She put a hand on his shoulder. “And if that can help you, he really regrets to have hurt you, I haven’t seen him smile since you two fought, I was wondering what happened.”
Castiel was standing beside the counter, his umpteenth glass in his hand, chatting with Rowena when the lights went out. He turned around as his friends began to sing, and saw Dean walking up to him with a giant cake lit up by candles. “
“Castiel.” the guy answered.
He got an instant response.
The man lit up a small cigar and offered one to Castiel who gently refused. “Good.” the man said with a nod. He told to Castiel what he had been up to lately – hitting the road, since he didn’t work anymore – but he had grown nostalgic about his hometown and friends and so he was back. Might leave again in several months but for the moment he was back. Castiel listened with interest to his trip.
After more than a week though, he couldn’t stand it anymore; the silence, not being able to go to the Red Light just for fun as he had basically been banned of the place. He didn’t want to go there for business only and pretend that Castiel was just one of their many associates, and that he couldn’t care less about him. He waited for the hour of closing on a day when he knew that Castiel would be there alone and showed up at the bar. The music was playing low and the place was dark, as always. Castiel must have been in the backroom. Dean settled at the counter. Castiel made a few steps in the main room before he caught sight of him.
That was an easy and simple question at first sight. An almost innocent small-talk one. But Sam was cleverer than that he knew exactly that Dean’s answer would lead to deeper subjects and problems.
“Are you?” Dean asked without letting any emotion show, neither joy nor disbelief. He looked numb, to everything.
“I don’t know Dean. I feel like the choice is not mine to make. I don’t know who this guy is or what he means to you. You are the only one to know if you still want to be with me and try to make things right this time or not.”
Dean was getting more and more confused and his head ached a little making him reluctant to drink some more beer to make it all go away.
As Rachel hadn’t said they would do otherwise, on Monday Dean took the afternoon shift at the store. He arrived at 2 p.m. and was to be there until 10. The day happened to be pretty uneventful until late in the afternoon, when three young teenagers walked in. Dean looked at them with a tender smile that he hid – they made him think of Sam and himself when they were younger. They must have been around 15 years old. They were dressed in similar clothes – with leather or jean jackets, old ones, oversized, ripped on the sides, that they had probably stolen or borrowed from a bigger brother or their father. He wasn’t sure that they were brothers though, they didn’t look alike. One of them had dark hair, the two others chestnut hair. The dark-haired one seemed to have been hit in the face, there was a light bruise on his right cheek.
“Yes, their beers are pretty good.” Castiel replied sincerely. He silently continued his work until it was time for him to take his shift.
“Used to? Is it the reason you moved here?”
Hope y'all love sappy, oops
Some of Sam’s words still resonated in his mind.
“You too. Goodnight.” He got out of the car, waved her goodbye and stumbled back home. He fell asleep still dressed up.
He didn’t get any answer to this question.
Finally, the only way he found to stop dwelling on it was to get ready and head to the Red Light. He was only supposed to work from 6 p.m. but he didn’t mind working overtime, and that would prevent him from being alone with himself. And although the Red Light was were the fight of the previous night had unfolded, it was still his favorite place, his happy place.
As they started kissing, Hailie smelled like vanilla, or maybe somewhat of lemon. Her lips were soft. Dean could feel her hands wandering on his body. Out of the blue, the image of Castiel, with his trench coat, his messy dark hair and his deep navy irises flashed before his closed eyes. That almost startled him at first, but then spread some sort of heated rage through his whole body. He kissed Hailie harder, let his fingertips sink into her hair, into her skin, he breathed her scent, he wanted her to be the only thing he desired, to make all his senses blind to any other stimulation, to make Castiel vanish, to forget about the lingering lemon scent. She noticed it and she held him tighter.
“I love you, sweetheart.”
As they got into the room, room 26, after having bought their tickets, Hailie leading the way, Dean received a text message. It was from Castiel. He instantly smiled at his phone when their name appeared on its screen. Charlie caught him, but she didn’t ask any question. She kept this piece of information in the back of her mind, saving it for later.
“Thanks Rache, good luck for tonight. I’ll see you tomorrow. Are you sure you wanna take the first shift by the way? I can do it instead if you want.” he offered as he was on the doorstep.
“Do you know anybody in town? Do you want my phone number? You could text me if you need.” Dean offered spontaneously.
However, he noticed that Hawk began to be overwhelmed by all the orders and the customers that had arrived. He said goodbye to Chuck and went back to work behind the counter. They closed together with Hawk, who had offered to stay longer since there was much work to do, and Castiel had thankfully accepted.
“Hum, this is delicious Sammy, thank you.” he said his mouth still full.
“Nah, it can wait ‘till I leave.” Dean answered. He sipped his whisky.
He stopped eating and looked up at her. “I mean – hell yes I am.”
Sunday was always a pretty chill and uneventful day. Most of the people came to the Red Light during the afternoon to grab a coffee and chat, enjoying the end of their weekend. Castiel was only supposed to work the from 2 to 9 p.m., but he was talked into staying a little bit longer by some regular customers and he shared a drink with them as, for once, he wasn’t overwhelmed with work and running everywhere. He sat with them at one of the wooden tables and they even all had dinner together. There was a good atmosphere at the bar and Castiel wasn’t too tired so he stayed even after they left, talking with his friends that were there and with the other members of the staff. It was past midnight when he finally decided that he would be on his way.
“There. Do you wanna play blackjack?” Charlie asked.
“Scrambled, if you really have to know.”
Dean reached for his hand and dragged him in the middle of the room, pulling him close against himself, stepping slowly along the music rhythm, and the red light was flooding them.
“Hey Castiel! That’s my boy!” a man exclaimed as he walked towards the counter.
“Hey Charlie, are you free to talk?”
“Well if you want to you can go. I’m taking over.”
Dean’s eyes widened slightly. Images of Castiel flooded his mind. He stammered “H-how –”
Friday went well, as almost every Friday Castiel thought. There were always lots of customers but they all behaved and Castiel rarely had to stop fights or throw anyone out, even late at night. He had even never called the police. He finished a bit earlier than the day before as he didn’t stay late after the closing. After he got home, he texted Dean. He was past two a.m. so there were chances for him to already be asleep.
The door closed behind him and he walked in a light step to the Impala. He settled in his seat ready to go home when a bad feeling washed over him. The phone in his pocket was getting heavier, trying to remind him of its presence, letting him know that the short period of time he had been allowed to forget about it and his text messages was over. He reluctantly took it out and turned it on.
The day after, at 5 p.m. Dean was sitting at a coffee shop – not the one where he went with Charlie because he didn’t want her to see them and ask questions; not to mention that it would probably freak the guy out. It wasn’t too close to where Hailie lived either. But it was a nice little coffee shop still, not so far from the store. He hadn’t heard from the man since they last texted, and he hadn’t got any answer to his last message sending him the address and asking them if they were still down to come, so he wasn’t sure whether they would. The guy was a pretty slow texter apparently.
“Ah yes please!”
It was actually good, though much different than what he expected. The actress he liked had had a role jarring with what she usually played, and oddly enough it suited her very well. He didn’t think she would have been that comfortable with playing a villain since she had more or less always been the pretty girl, or the adventurous one, who always wins in the end, or meets the perfect guy.
“What?” he asked.
As he came back with the drinks, he couldn’t help asking the question that was on his mind since he had gotten a text from him: “Hey, how did you get my number by the way? You wouldn’t take it when we met the other day at the store.” he inquired curiously as he sat down.
____________
“No, no, I’d be happy to see you.” Dean hastened to say. “Come over. I’ll go check in the fridge if I have some beers left.”
“Oh yes please.” she answered with a smile.
“We just talked briefly outside the cinema before I went home. She wanted to buy me a drink but she just gave me her number as I hesitated to accept.”
She led him across the streets, to a dim lit bar where there were already people drinking and talking loudly.
“Good. You’re so cute when you sleep.” she answered with a grin. Castiel blushed, he couldn’t get used to Charlie’s straightforward honesty, but that was a thing he liked very much about her. He sometimes wished he could speak as frankly as she did. “Are you doing better than yesterday?” she asked him back.
“The papers are in my bag. Signed.” Castiel reminded him. He was too tired to try and make Dean elaborate on what he was about to say and was on his mind. He knew that things usually took time with him and that Dean would talk to him about it when and only when he would want to. And apparently, it wouldn’t be tonight.
“Hey boss.” Hawk greeted him with a serious expression when he walked in; but Castiel knew he was joking. Castiel being younger than some of his employees made them consider him as their son or something like that, and they would always laugh when he started to get bossy.
“Of course I do, how do you want me to find the energy I need to finish this walk in a salad? I need fat, man. But you can have some if you want to.” Dean retorted.
The first days after the argument were tough on him, but he gradually got accustomed not to see Dean anymore. But he couldn’t prevent his heart from rushing whenever someone opened the door late at night just before the closing, hoping that it would be him – of course, it never was. Everything seemed to fade; Castiel was becoming calmer; his life slowly transformed into a bland version of itself with dull colors and joys.
“I’m feeling cold inside. I thought it might warm me up.”
Dean helped himself laughing and asked: “Aren’t you a bit too young for that?”
Dean shrugged his shoulder and drank his cappuccino. It was true that he hadn’t been in a relationship since long ago. And one-night stands were starting to bore him. Maybe he should give Hailie a chance. He didn’t really know though, she was stunning but he wasn’t eager to see her again either.
“Maybe you’re right and we shouldn’t hang out anymore.” He sounded so downcast that Castiel felt tension building up even more in his body, reaching each of his muscles. “It’s over.”
Little time after that, she left. Dean took his phone out, he had someone to text.
Dean was even more bewildered. He gave up the producer hypothesis as well. The guy was just a total wreck. “Listen man, smoking is not gonna help you. I don’t know what is going on in your life but cigarettes definitely won’t solve it. At best it’s gonna make it worst by making you sick. You need to find help.” Dean explained.
A little smirk got Dean’s lips moving.
“Yeah, me too.”
“Good, I’m doing good Charlie. But tell me a bit about you, how are you?”
I wrote him as a he/they character so I hope I did it right & that I didn't make things confusing by alternating with the pronouns.
The door closed behind them and Dean sighed. He sounded so much like an adult. Too much maybe. He however couldn’t behave like an adult himself apparently – he still drank much more than he should. Having been reminded of nice memories, he took his phone out and texted his little brother.
“No, I’m fine. I just live nearby and I come here pretty often. I even got the cinema card, in case you wanna check.”
“Sure!” Charlie exclaimed.
Dean sighed happily. “Hello, Cas.” His voice was deep. He straightened up a little bit, to be at Castiel’s level. He paused and tried hard not to let concern show through his words. “Are we gonna talk about this?”
“Come on, it’s just a salad, it’s not even cooking at this point.” Dean teased.
“At the casino. Are you sure?” It was clearly audible in his voice that alcohol was filling his blood. It took a few seconds every time before he spoke.
She moaned. “Yeah, me too. Come here, the bedroom’s there.” she said, pulling him by the hand.
“That’s not an excuse that will work with me Dean, you know that don’t you?”
“It’s okay, you were busy giving advice to another customer, I don’t think you even saw me.” the girl explained.
“I asked Garth to make Cas’s favorite honey pastry into a birthday cake.”
“Are you sure?” Castiel asked.
Hailie had sat on the couch, he went to sit beside her.
“So I assume that you want a beer?” Dean asked him with a smirk.
But his mailbox got empty way quicker than he had imagined – people didn’t send him e-mails anymore, or people that knew him and wanted a quick answer, or an answer at all didn’t, at least. He stared for several seconds at his screen, trying to come up with something else to do. It was only 10 in the morning. He didn’t need to make up alibies not to go see Castiel – Charlie couldn’t and wouldn’t force him to, and she didn’t really care whether he was genuinely working or not – but that made him feel better. He needed an alibi to give himself, not to feel guilty not to go there whereas he could – and for legitimate reasons since the matter was business.
The boy that had talked shook his head. “We always buy beer. We have money.”
“Sure, how are you?”
“Oh Dean, you should know better. I can win this game and win her over at the same time.” she asserted as she sat down at the woman’s table to play. “You watch and learn.”
This was three times yes. Castiel smiled wide and kissed Dean’s forehead before going back behind the counter. Three young girls came to ask him a last refill since it’s was almost time for everybody to go home. Castiel turned away from the counter for a split second to grab the alcohol bottles, unable to wipe the silly wide grin off his face. He put the three empty glasses on the wooden surface and met Dean’s eyes again, who was looking intently at him. The three young girls were watching them and the tension between Dean and Castiel was so palpable that they would surely have felt vaguely uneasy if it wasn’t for all the drinks they had already had. Dean cleared his throat and stood up. “Don’t mind me, Imma call Charlie. I’ll be right back.” he said, with a blazing smile.
(That was a weird way to start a text, Dean thought, but okay why not. They had texted late in the night after all. Maybe they were drunk?)
“Cas, I’m sorry but I’m not here for business. Can I talk to you? Please?” he asked, almost pleading, his husky voice on the verge of breaking.
“I’m glad I could help. You’ll be okay. Don’t forget that you can call me.”
Her eyes sparkled. “I do. Hope you’ll like it.”
“The pretty girls’, I gotta find myself a pretty queen.”
Dean back. He still got up and walked behind the counter to serve his friend a drink, a lump in his throat.
“You can go away, Dean. You came here to break up with me. You had what you wanted. Just go.” her muffled voice said through the door. She must have been hunched up on the bed, Dean imagined. He had never seen sad before.
“How would I know? Because I know you Dean. And because I’ve been there before.”
“Well, you gave me your address the other night, and I wanted to see you so I though why not come over. Am I bothering?” she asked. She knew she wasn’t. Dean had only ordered one pizza, so he was alone, and he was all eyes on her. She was wearing a tight sexy leather top that she knew suited her, and a pale blue pair of skinny jeans.
“Okay fair enough.”
“And what do we do for them in exchange?”
He had never felt such a powerful urge run through his body before, and it made him practically tremble. Dean could feel it. “Cas,” he called with a soft and low voice, “you’re cold, let’s go inside the tent.” He wasn’t cold, he was burning deep down, but he agreed. They put the fire out and went inside. Castiel had brought as many blankets as they would need not to feel cold. They dived under the pile of fluffy layers and kissed, again and again and even more until they were so comfortably cuddled up with each other that they fell asleep.
She shrugged her shoulders. “Tuesday night then? Make sure your friend doesn’t mind that I come, I don’t want to bother.”
“Hey, you’re still here.”
“I’m not sure yet, why is that?”
Waking up in Hailie’s arms brought Dean a bittersweet feeling. He could even taste it in his mouth. He rolled to his side of the bed and checked his phone. There was one unread message that he had received late in night.
“Anw are you giving each other pet names?? Are you kidding me?”
“Oh look, she’s there.” Dean motioned towards his red-haired friend. “Charlie, over here!” he called her, waving at her for her to join them. She walked to them with a big smile. Dean smiled back at her, but he really wished that she wouldn’t say a thing about the intensive stalking that she must have done on Hailie. He tried to tell her that, somehow, as their eyes met.
Castiel nodded.
“But I lied to you. On purpose. To hurt you. Because I was mad and –… I promise to never to this again.”
on the right. His heart fluttered and he put it on. He felt immediately sheltered and loved and safe, as if Dean was holding him in his arms. He looked down at his wrists, amazed to see Dean’s name so close to his, then back up at his boyfriend with genuine wonder.
?” he asked, amused.
They stayed still for a few more minutes, silent, enjoying each other’s closeness.
“But this week felt like three.”
Hey everyone ~
Dean started to eat his pizza with delight. “So, are you still down for Thursday night?” he asked after swallowing his first mouthful.
“What happened to you?” he asked finally, motioning toward the boy with the bruise.
“Are you gonna want to see me again?”
the man that he wanted to erase from his memory. “No I didn’t — I didn’t want her to think that I was possessive…” he lied again.
____________
“Sure, Dean. And good luck with your paperwork.” Castiel answered with a smile.
“It is. But she’s not my type, it shows in the way she’s dressed.” The girl Dean had picked was dressed as a rock girl. And it wasn’t really Charlie’s taste. It was more Dean’s to tell the truth.
“Eh ya know, that’s what friends are for.” She made her way into the house and sat on the couch. Castiel closed the door behind her and followed her. “So, what’s the matter?”
“Thank you m’am, you too.”
Castiel couldn’t help but to feel guilty. He imagined Dean downcast; he could still see pain gleaming in his eyes when he had coldly told him to go away. He was the one who wanted him away, but he wanted to solace him at the same time, his brain unable to bear the thought that he could be sad.
“So what?” Dean asked casually.
Since he was the owner of the bar, Castiel had been working the night shift three days a week. That wasn’t too much, but that was still quite tiring. He had two afternoon shifts – generally the best to get some rest or to get bored – and twice the evening ones. The ones he liked the best were the night shifts, because that was when all the regular customers swung by; and because he loved the atmosphere that arose once the moon was out. The red lights that filled the air then were one of his favorite things, which was the reason why he had called the place after them.
“Oh come on, you’re gonna make me blush.” Dean retorted. “How are you, Cas?”
“That’s old age coming for you.” Hawk chuckled.
“Sure. Who…” Dean didn’t finish his sentence as the girl who was sat at the table not far from him turned around. She was indeed beautiful. Charlie had great taste in women. “I see.” he just said. “Do you want me to play so you can just enjoy the view?”
“You don’t know anything actually.” Castiel stated peacefully. Dean was about to argue but Castiel raised his hand to make him keep quiet, though he was quite surprised it worked. He’d expected Dean to put more effort into protesting than that. He opened the trunk and handed one of the heavy bags to Dean.
It was almost a sleepless night for both of them. Castiel gave up first and fell asleep out of exhaustion just before dawn warmed up the top of the mountains. As for Dean, he eventually passed out thanks to the amount of alcohol he had absorbed to drown his sorrows: that was an old bad habit of his which had disappeared with time but that would resurface when something went wrong in his life. And right now, it felt as if everything was going wrong.
“The spooky one is fine by me.” she smiled.
“Ugh… I’m sorry Charlie okay I just … You said we needed to talk and I freaked out I guess I didn’t know what to say and I just thought that avoiding you would buy me time to sort things out… You know I didn’t mean to hurt you it won’t happen again I promise.” he said abashed. He felt bad, but at the same time glad that she had forced her way to him, maybe he did need help since he wasn’t the best at figuring out his feelings alone.
They packed everything back in the big heavy bags and started to go back down to where they had left the impala. Halfway there, heavy rain started to pour. They looked at each other with sparkles in their eyes and, without saying a word, they started to run, laughing like teenagers. They arrived at the car soaked wet and breathless. Luckily, the bags were waterproof; they put them in the trunk. As Dean was about to open his car door, Castiel couldn’t help himself grabbing him by the wrist, making him turn around and kissing him passionately under the pouring rain. These hours spent with Dean had already made his heart flutter more than everything else that had ever happened to him, and the sky rained on them only to make each of their kisses a little bit headier.
“I can’t drive, I’ve drank too much. I thought you might come pick me up, I had no idea you were sleeping, I’m sorry. I’ll call a cab.” Dean slurred.
“Oh, poor Hailie. I’m sure she’s dying to hear from you. Was she pretty?”
She didn’t sound mad or upset, just sleepy.
“Are you trying to start smoking?”
The hours passed by slowly and as Dean sat behind the counter. In the evening eventually, a sweet sound finally rang in his ears: he got a new message. And it
“Sure.” He was too drunk to even think about thanking her. He got in the car and she closed the door.
Castiel couldn’t help a laugh. “I apologize to your metabolism, but I’m sure that he will forget everything I said as soon as he tastes this delicious apple pie.” he replied, handing him a slice of the desert that Dean had brought – for sure, he really had taken care of everything this time, and Castiel though it was adorable of him.
“Hey buddy!” Castiel turned around and saw Dean coming his way. A smile lit up his face, and he opened his arms and hugged him. Dean patted his back and his chin was gently resting on Castiel’s shoulder.
And that was all. He actually expected her to come up with an excuse for their Tuesday night out. He wouldn’t have been mad. He actually deserved it.
“Yes. Of course. I’ll stay.” Dean answered his voice almost broke with sheer joy.
surprised but he still would have expected Rachel to give him a little heads-up about it.
“Guilty.” Charlie admitted.
“I lied the other day.” he looked up to him, guilt in his eyes, weighing over his chest.
“I’m sorry Cas, I didn’t mean to freak you out, you weren’t supposed to know anything about it…” Dean was looking down as he was overwhelmed with shame, his eyes conscientiously avoiding Castiel’s.
Before she could blow his phone up, he turned it off. He felt bad for it but that was the best he could do right now. He really did pass out on his couch in the evening, after eating the few leftovers he was able to find in his fridge.
The sun was crimson red, already low, igniting the sky..
See ya!
“Good. Well I’m ready, you can go.” she stated passing behind the counter.
“About what, Dean?” Castiel replied softly. He knew that Dean lacked self-confidence but he still didn’t expect him to question his intentions.
Staring down at his phone, he saw that Hailie hasn’t answered him but he had several unread texts from Charlie.
“You didn’t. I was just a bit thrown off by your proposition I guess. But it isn’t difficult to say yes to a pretty girl like you. What are you drinking?”
“Hello, Cas.” He had still used his nickname –  good, Castiel thought. Hearing Dean use it had stirred a warm feeling deep inside his body. Their eyes finally met.  Dean’s dull look couldn’t erase the vivid green of his irises.
Charlie scolded, coldly. She was besides herself; Dean knew her. She had always been fair about that: she was as mad at Dean when he hurt girls as much as she was protective over him when he was the one to be played.
His face was glowing as bright as the candlelight out of glee. He blew the candles and everybody clapped and cheered. Dean cut the cake, offered a part to every guest and waited for Castiel’s reaction as he looked at him take his first bite.
She woke up in the morning to the scent of coffee. She was lying on the couch though she didn’t remember at what point she had changed positions. She sat up and stretched her arms. Castiel walked into the living-room with two cups in his hands.
“Kind of.” was the answer Dean got for his trouble. He gave Castiel a small, embarrassed smile – he was pretty sure that the guy wouldn’t notice the “embarrassed” part. Castiel didn’t bother to elaborate on his answer and sipped his lemonade in silence. Dean was feeling more and more uneasy and at a loss for words. Castiel didn’t seem to mind. They didn’t even seem to notice. Dean looked at him on the sly, trying to fathom the mysteries the dark blue of his eyes held. But he couldn’t read them. He couldn’t read the man that was sitting across from the table, at all, and that kind of unsettled him as he was usually pretty good at second-guessing people’s thoughts and attitudes. Castiel looked up and, for a split second, stared back in his eyes. Dean didn’t flinch, but his lips parted slightly yet unwittingly. It lasted less than a second and yet Dean could swear that he had felt tension running through his limbs, emanating from Castiel’s body. But Castiel looked down at his watch, and hurriedly blurted out “Uh, I lost tracks of time, I probably should get going. Thanks you, Dean.” He stood up right away and put a twenty dollar bill on the table to pay for the drinks before vanishing away. Dean didn’t even have the chance to answer. He sighed, shook his head and left. He decided that he wouldn’t even try to understand what had just happened.
Dean was trying to forget. He knew he couldn’t, ever, but Castiel had clearly asked him to back off, so he tried hard to forget that he could have been much more than a work associate to him, more than a friend even and that he had messed everything up. He tried for weeks. Not hard enough maybe. And he was somber and his look was dull. Castiel seemed fresh every time he got to see him, even if he could feel that some bitterness still lingered in his voice, in his eyes. He just couldn’t live this way. He had decided to leave the brewery, leave the city, get a fresh start. He entered the bar one night, late, as he always did when he wanted to talk to Castiel. He wasn’t behind the counter this time; he was sat at a table and rose up when Dean entered.
“Well Charlie doesn’t want me to approach Hailie anymore so…”
“I trusted you, Dean. And when you came to take the papers the other day, I thought we had a moment. I hoped that we did, that maybe something would be possible between us. But you showed me wrong and I’m not over it yet. So just give me some time. I just need more time. When I have moved on, maybe things can be back to normal between us.” He had said that calmly and without any emotion. He was just explaining things, stating facts, that was all. He wasn’t blaming him or hurting, he was exposing the situation, for him to understand. Dean felt a pang of distress in his stomach. He tilted his head to try and catch Castiel’s look.
The 20
“I won’t – I won’t, I know you don’t like it when I do that. But she’s really into you Dean, I could tell by the way she looked at you. I know a keeper when I see one and she definitely is one. I mean, if that’s what you’ve been worried about you can relax, you’re fine. Did you at least ask her about this guy?”
Castiel grinned at her and opened the gift with curiosity. “Oh – tiny cute lamps?” he looked up at her.
Dean wrapped his arm around Castiel’s shoulder and walked him outside, to the Impala, and kissed his temple before opening the car door for him.
“Second round, maybe you’ll have something stronger this time Cas?” Dean offered him.
“And after years of work, the day we were supposed to finally move in together, I arrived there to find him kissing with his best friend, and he was holding him so tenderly, I had never seen that light in his eyes – ...” his voice had slowly faded away as he had uttered that last sentence. “And I lost the only two things that I had and that meant the world to me, that I had poured all my love and being into.”
“Okay well,” she drank a little bit more of the pink juice “you should apologize to her. You’ve not committed to a serious relationship for a long time. so far you’ve done the best you could and she seems nice; I’m sure she’ll understand.” she smiled at him kindly to try and comfort him.
Pain and anger and some other indescribable yet achingly painful feelings overwhelmed Castiel. “Listen Dean,” he said almost firmly, and he grabbed the collar of Dean’s khaki jacket, pulling him abruptly into a kiss; he was out of arguments. Dean surrendered almost immediately and drowned into Castiel’s warmth. His hand let go of his glass to reach for the back of Castiel’s head. The customers weren’t watching them. They couldn’t seize the importance of the moment; it was just a normal kiss and a normal couple for them. Castiel let Dean explore his lips and find in them all the comfort he needed. They pulled back once they were out of breath. Dean looked at Castiel with want, and Castiel’s eyes were dark with desire. Both of them didn’t know who should speak first, or what they should say. So Castiel kissed him again, harder this time. Yes he was working, yes he should be taking orders from customers – he didn’t care. He craved Dean’s lips, he needed them. Some of the regular customers just stood up and helped themselves, putting some cash on the counter next to Castiel to pay for the beer they’d taken. They pulled back again, Castiel felt calmer – or no, he didn’t, he was burning inside, but at least he felt that he was able to speak now.
“Charlie, please… It’s not what I need right now…”
“This is so perfect Cas…”
“Oh, I see.” Hailie answered with a small grin.
“I didn’t come for that Hailie I just –”
He stood up and cleared his throat. “I’m gonna go make coffee, do you want some?” he asked Charlie.
“Since he’s been my boyfriend apparently.” Castiel proudly answered.
On a rainy night, Dean had finally invited Castiel over after weeks of taming him – that’s what friends do, right? He had tried to win his trust and some confidences about his personal life – which, to be honest, still remained very obscure to him to this day. And there they were, chatting and drinking beers. “Chatting” wasn’t the right word when it came to having a conversation with Castiel, but Dean still hadn’t figured out what that could actually correspond to. There wasn’t a profusion of words, but a lot of silence. Dean had felt uncomfortable at first because of that, but now it was just natural to him to talk that way, and peaceful. It wasn’t that Castiel didn’t have anything to say, or that he didn’t want to answer, only that he was thinking thoroughly about the what was being said and that he wouldn’t give any answer that may not be true to him.
“So, how is it going with Dean?” she asked and curiosity sparkled in her eyes.
“I don’t want any of your explanations. What did you think, Dean? That it would be like in the movies and that we would hug to forgiveness in the end? You just
Friday night came by and Dean was ready for his date. He had dressed up casually and arrived at the cinema a bit early. He took a deep breath and checked his phone one last time. He had one unread text.
They spent the night together and didn’t sleep much. Dean thought she was beautiful and it seemed that she found him handsome as well.
“It’s nothing, but I’m glad you like it. However, I am the one who must thank you for the delicious food you’ve taken the time to cook.” Castiel answered with an almost tender look.
“I – he is! why would any of you think otherwise?” he asked, a little bothered.
She chose a booth somewhere far into the pub. She walked to the counter to order their drinks and came back with two glasses.
“Hey Sammy!” Dean exclaimed, gloriously holding a bottle of fine red wine and smiling wide as his little brother opened the door. They hadn’t seen each other in a little more than a month and a feeling of relief flowed through Dean’s body as they hugged.
____________
The boy who had been talking from the beginning shook his head. “Just on the other side of the hill, sir.” he answered politely – with his normal voice this time as he may have understood that playing it tough wouldn’t work with Dean.
“Suit yourself.”
“Oh really?” he asked with what sounded like disbelief in his voice when seeing that Dean had cooked his favorite salad – it was the Caesar Salad – although he was holding it in his hands.
So they climbed the mountain, and the trees around them were tall, and there were pine needles covering the soft ground, and the air felt purer, lighter, cooler. They were alone, but the forest was big so it wasn’t that surprising, all the more so since many people preferred going along the river, they found it more refreshing and easier.
“And so you really think I might be bi?” he inquired.
“I — not really. But yeah I wasn’t the perfect…
Dean didn’t wait for the end of the credits to get up and go out. He wanted to hang out a bit more since it was still early and that he didn’t have to wake up the day after. But Charlie wasn’t there and he didn’t want to go in a bar full of strangers, didn’t feel like it tonight, pretending to be interested in every girl who would talk to him and to listen kindly to the drunk men’s problems. He stood still outside the cinema thinking of what he could do. Charlie was at work until 1 a.m. which was pretty late and she would probably be too tired to party after her shift. Sam was out of town as he had moved in with Jessica. And Dean didn’t have many close friends. He knew quite a lot of people who willingly talked to him when he ran into them but they were not exactly his friends.
“You seemed concerned about something.”
Dean nodded.
At five P.M. on this Thursday, he pushed the heavy glass door of the Red Light and got in. He put down his bag on the counter.
“I’m good too. The same as usual I presume?” he asked with a smile.
“I don’t. Why do you ask?” Dean replied.
“Oh yeah? That’s just great.” He answered, having no idea of what the hell she was talking about.
“Do we got a problem here Charlie?” Dean asked pretending to be dead serious.
Dean cleared his throat. “Ladies… I’m right here.” he pointed out, trying to sound annoyed.
“Tired?” Hawk asked, as Castiel had a little shadow under his eyes.
The man didn’t answer.
“Goodbye young man.” she said, walking away slowly with her walking stick.
“Alright, let’s say Saturday.”
“I don’t know, we don’t
“Stunning I’d say.” Dean answered casually. He was used to being crushed on by hot or cute girls, and he didn’t want to sound too interested in her, not more than he would have been in any other girl anyway.
Castiel gave him a quick kiss for only answer. They headed out, and Dean let Castiel drive the Impala. Castiel made a quick stop at the Roadside House, picked two lunch bags while Dean was waiting in the car then drove to the forest.
“Perfect, Sammy.”
“Sure sir. Which ones would you like?”
A “Excuse me sir, could you help me please?” broke his train of thoughts and his retail smile was back on his lips in less than a second.
“It’s our night out with my best friend. At the movies. But I’m sure she’ll be glad to meet you; if it doesn’t bother you that she’s here.”
The man with almost greyish hair opted for a scotch. “Can I smoke in here?”
They clinked their glasses and drank more wine and Jessica softly kissed the corner of Sam’s mouth.
“Hum, so, what do you do?”
“Hey, sir, are you okay?” he asked, walking towards him to help him. “Do you want me to bring you a glass of water? That might help.” he suggested.
Castiel kissed him quick once again and went to sit on one of the high stools.
“Hey, Sammy.” Dean greeted him. Sam made his way in. He had brought dinner with him. Not the delicious stuff that he cooked himself, but good old junk food – he knew that it was what Dean probably needed regarding the state he was in.
“That’s nice of you to have accepted to see me. I wasn’t sure I’d hear from you, I thought I might have annoyed you the other night.”
“I know.” Dean replied, and he hugged his brother goodbye.
“Damn that annoys me so much. You didn’t deserve him to treat you this way, I’m sorry Cas…” she apologized as she put a strand of red hair behind her ear. She was the associate CEO of Golden Sparkles and it was thanks to their friendship that the Red Light had started a partnership with the brewery. So it was basically thanks to her that Castiel and Dean had met. But Castiel knew that it wasn’t her fault in any way, and there was no chance that he was going to blame her for what happened. And she knew it as well. “So, that’s it, for sure? You’re not talking to him again?” she asked once more. “If that’s your decision, I can arrange to find somebody else to work with you for the partnership…” She paused, but Castiel didn’t say anything as he could feel that she had something left to say. “… but Dean is a good guy, ya know, and he really cares about, he does.” She looked at Castiel, who was taking his time to think before answering, gazing at the empty coffee table, and she tried to decipher what she could see in his eyes.
Of course hardly had he reached home when another text from Charlie came in. He read it while opening the door.
“Okay, let’s do this!”
“I think I saw one for you.” Dean said softly to her, making a sign towards a young woman drinking at the bar.
lamps.” she specified. “Dean gets to keep one and you the other. When you change the color of your lamp it does the same on Dean’s and vice versa. I know you two can’t stay away from each other more than five minutes so I figured you could use it when you’re both at work.”
