He’s awake. He shouldn’t be awake. Why is he awake?
He’s not sure when it starts but he’s beginning to tear a little as well, his eyes brimming when they part for air, John gasping into the space in between them like a drowning man before their lips surge forward again, colliding in a bruising kiss.
Not just about her past, not just about her attempts at killing him…
Sherlock grins in response to the jest, flicking the switch of the kettle, watching as the first bubbles start to appear at the glass base. He fishes John’s RAMC mug out from the cupboard, one of the few belongings that he had left behind, one of the few pieces of evidence of John’s previous residence at Baker Street. He grabs a clean mug from the sink rack and fills both with hot water, dropping a tea bag into each cup with a resounding “plop”.
And just like that, the tension that used to haunt their old conversations is back again.
He revels in the warmth of the water as John’s chest rumbles. He feels the man extract his finger from his entrance, his other hand picking up speed on his own cock. John’s thrusts are now more rapid, more certain and sure, as if he’d previously paid more attention to Sherlock than himself (which is probably true).
John drops his bag beside the door and stands at the threshold of 221B for a moment, gaze sweeping hungrily over the surface of the flat, as if committing it to memory. He takes a deep breath, smiling softly and Sherlock suddenly feels a burst of warmth in his chest. John is back... he is finally back where he belongs and Sherlock feels like his insides are being coated with molten gold.
Sherlock smiles shyly in answer, the blush on his cheeks darkening.
Their bodies are slick and sweaty and covered in come as their chests heave, coming down from their shared high.
“One more thing, Sherlock,” he gasps when they part for air, his heart thumping as he uncaps the lube, drizzling its contents onto his palm, spreading it out evenly onto three of his fingers.
And on the flipside, he’s imagined dingy, dark alleyways, danger at every turn, death awaiting him on all sides as he stalked through uncharted territory that his mind generated at its own whim and fancy…
David’s brow furrows as he swipes at his eyes.
John didn’t think it was physically possible to feel one’s cheeks going red.
“Either sounds good,” John hollers from some way up the stairs, “though I haven’t had Thai in a while. Mary hates Thai, so I’ve not had it since the last time I was here.”
“I calculated your wife’s dose meself,” Billy reassures John. “Won’t affect the little one. I’ll keep an eye on ’er.”
He waits, the words hanging in the air between them before Mary makes her move.
“GET OUT OF THE WAY,” he yells at the version of him on the ground, reaching out to touch him, to push him out of the line of fire.
We have to talk about this at some point you know.
He'll be there.
He hopes that he'll be able to provide the love and care that John needs.
“I’m afraid so,” John responds, bending down to bury his nose in Sherlock’s hair.
“Impossible…” he mutters, pausing for dramatic effect. “But she did it, and you need to know how.”
No response.
John smiles warmly in response, turning to leave the room.
“The shoe is huge, something you’d only expect an adult to wear. However, there are scuff marks around the top edge, clear indentations on the quarter and backstay, indicating that something irregularly shaped must have been stuck into the back of the shoe frequently… judging by the state of the indentations, it was probably rocks.”
“This is for Mary,” he says, his voice carrying a strong sense of finality as he gazes down at John, willing for him to understand.
Sherlock heaves a sigh of relief, collapsing onto the sofa.
, as John's dexterous fingers continue to weave in and out of his curls, the pressure of his fingertips alternating between soft and hard.
“John, I must confess… the only reason why I contacted you after so long was that I was having a bit of trouble remembering too.”
He draws now from his joy, from his elation of finally being able to go home, of being able to see John, gliding his bow smoothly across the strings in a bold crescendo.
“I can’t believe I found you. God, I thought you were gone. That I was going to be alone forever and-”
“Please,” Cameron sighs, “The whole of London knows you, especially those who read the tabloids. You’re Mr Holmes and Dr. Watson, best crime-solving team of the 21st century. So, if you don’t mind, can we please begin this investigation because I really want to find out who killed Jem.” He raises his voice a little at this, sneering slightly at Sherlock before slumping back into the sofa.
(A bit of water sloshes over the rim of the bathtub but that’s easily cleanable.)
Sherlock shrugs.
When will he next see John?
“John H. Watson” they read, and Sherlock clutches them tightly as he threatens to bubble over with joy.
John's eyes find Sherlock’s instinctively, their twin gazes locking. Sherlock watches as John’s smile fades away, his lips parting slightly as his breaths deepen. The laughter in his eyes seems to have been extinguished as well, his eyes taking on a more open look as his pupils expand slightly. They're as dark as black holes now, his irises orbiting around them as they draw Sherlock closer and closer into John’s space.
“Well, he’s just coming over to check out the universities here and there,” Sherlock responds “His family’s financial situation is a lot more stable now so he’s expressed some interest to study here in the UK.”
He admires the scene for a moment more before he stands up, beginning to unbutton his shirt.
, Sherlock thinks, wondering if John can hear him or see the emotion conveyed through his eyes.
Sherlock flashes Victor a bright grin before turning to John. “Do you want to come along?” he questions.
John can literally feel his cheeks going red.
This is going to be amazing.
Sherlock stands stock still, transfixed, wondering if he should move in for a hug.
Sherlock sighs, flopping back onto the bed. His mind is already racing, the cogs and gears in his brain turning at a breakneck speed because:
, she thinks, mentally counting from 1 to 10 before continuing.
He snuffles into Sherlock’s shoulder, burying his face in the crook of his neck as Sherlock struggles to hold back tears, mimicking John’s movements by extending an arm around John, clutching his jacket tightly.
“Not a chance.”
“MRS HUDSON,” he hollers, cheeks a bright red as his landlady bursts like a hurricane into their room.
“I love you so much,” John murmurs, flipping them over so that he’s once again on top of Sherlock. “I love you-”
Mrs Hudson puts an extra emphasis on “Sherlock”, startling him for a bit. Oh god he wasn't sobbing that loudly was he?
He kicks at the rough gravel adorning the unkempt road with the toes of his boots, sighing as his breaths materialise in puffs of white.
“Alright John,” he answers, huffing in annoyance, “When you’re feeling up to telling me what’s bothering you, please do so.”
Sherlock hums, rapping his fingers on the sides of his chair as Mycroft continues.
Sherlock smiles in response
No... No, he shakes his head, clearing his thoughts as his friends continue to chortle, Mckenzie now engaged in a friendly conversation with Victor. Sherlock should be allowed to choose. He should be-
If Sherlock wants him to get on with it… then he will.
“It was apparently an almost weekly thing?" Lestrade goes on, stoically ignoring Sherlock's tells of impatience. "The landlady apparently visited her every other week, offering her food and whatnot."
John glances up at him once, shrugging in silence before turning back to the window, clearly deep in thought.
However, instead of a harsh blow, Sherlock is instead greeted by warm, wet lips, pressed firmly against his as John’s body falls onto his, pinning him down. He draws a sharp intake of breath, the wind knocked out of him as John wraps a hand in his hair, pulling his face up to meet his.
“We’ll be fine Sherlock,” he says firmly, giving his hand one firm pump.
“It was a case,” he explains, “a famous one from a hundred years ago, lodged in my hard drive. She seemed to be dead but then she came back.”
"John had looked so beautiful, his eyelids crinkled shut in sweet slumber, snuffling softly into his pillow. The streetlights had shone faintly into the room, stretching their fading arms to caress John’s sleeping form, throwing his face into a brilliant masterpiece of light and shadow, a greyscale chiaroscuro of previously unfathomable proportions and Sherlock had been absolutely entranced."
John’s breathing hitches in response, his whole body going still before he springs to life once again, his hands digging into Sherlock’s hair and pulling Sherlock’s face back to his, their lips meeting in a fiery kiss as John leads him forwards into the bedroom.
Sherlock knows what it is when he lays eyes on it.
It feels like his lungs have collapsed, like he’s forgotten how to breathe because once again, John Watson has managed to shock him.
He couldn’t have possibly bestowed a worse fate upon himself.
“I think…” Sherlock gasps as John shifts, his erection lining up with Sherlock’s thigh, “I have a good idea-”
He watches as John's eyes slide further southwards to his crotch, drinking his fill before turning to look up at Sherlock expectantly, as if waiting for something. Feeling a little self-conscious, Sherlock blushes again in response, refusing to meet the man’s gaze as he tugs his underwear down and off of his body.
“Sure, John,” Sherlock answers, flashing him a bright smile before turning back to face the bleachers sheepishly.
John rolls his eyes, turning back to his noodles. However, just as he’s about to dump another strand of noodle into his mouth, Sherlock’s stomach lets out a large gurgle.
Sherlock, seemingly sensing a disturbance in the force, opens his eyes. He frowns at John for a moment before pressing a kiss to his lips once again.
God, that could really only mean one thing.
“Now you’re just waxing poetic,” Sherlock whispers sheepishly, blinking shyly up at him.
“What about you?” Sherlock murmurs, hooking a leg over John’s thigh to draw him closer.
Oh hell… If his brother is going to be like this.
“That okay?” he says and Sherlock nods.
In danger?
Sherlock gives up counting, deeming it a pointless and unhelpful exercise. It sure isn’t helping him now.
“Nope, I’m only horny when it’s you,” John chuckles, eliciting another blush out of the detective.
“Yeah…” he murmurs awkwardly, as if expecting Sherlock to pick up the thread of conversation.
, he thinks as the haze of jealousy clears,
He remembers the photo of him and Redbeard and the telescope, hidden away behind a box in the hallway. He’d intended to retrieve then when he arrived back home, jubilant with success.
He swings a door wide open, guiding Sherlock into Mycroft’s spare bedroom.
Sherlock’s face reddens almost immediately, his footsteps stuttering as John flashes a look of abject confusion at Victor.
“Right and wrong,” Mycroft sneers, picking up a sheet of paper from the table, “We’ll get to that eventually but first, your drug test results.”
“Sherlock,” he says softly, prompting Sherlock to raise his eyes to Mycroft’s.
“... What do you want?”
The bedroom will probably be next he thinks. He hasn’t changed the sheets in three weeks and they’re starting to smell a bit foul. Yeah, he should probably get on that-
He pulls apart the plastic lock, emptying the contents of the bag out onto his bed, sending the bottle of pills rolling off towards a corner.
“That’s an answer only the recycling bin can provide us with,” Sherlock smirks, evidently enjoying himself. “You said the crime took place only two days ago?” he says, directing his gaze towards Lestrade who nods. “Then the recycling bin should have all its contents completely intact,” he finishes this with a sudden dramatic turn, swooping off towards the entrance with his coat fanning out behind him.
He probably only has a few more minutes with the man, a few more minutes to touch and taste and by god, is he going to savour them.
Oops, Sherlock thinks to himself. This is something he hadn’t expected.
Sherlock blinks shyly as John reaches a hand towards him, brushing away a stray curl on his forehead. His hand comes to rest behind Sherlock’s ear, cupping his cheek.
It doesn’t take long before their lips are drawn forward, melding into each other in one simple movement as John moves to cup Sherlock’s face in his hands.
Furrowing his brows, Sherlock angles his head sideways, trying to go for a more menacing effect as his gaze turns to steel, boring into Mary’s eyes.
“No surprise there huh?” John chuckles sadly, “I had always wondered, honestly. She seemed too close to him at the wedding for my liking.”
“That was truly impressive,” Sherlock says simply and it takes all of John’s self-control to not snog that man right there and then.
If only Mary would remove the gag, that would help a damn bunch.
Sherlock has barely any time to react before John tugs forcibly at his feet, sending his head flying off his pillow, coming to rest under the duvet somewhere towards the middle of the bed.
Mycroft is actually on his feet for once when they arrive at his office, the man puttering around fitfully as they step through the door.
“Something that I hope you’ll enjoy,” Sherlock smiles, pressing one more kiss to John’s forehead, his chest swelling with the love he has for the man.
“I almost hope he is,” Mycroft responds, sighing, “if it’ll save you from this.”
“Well, she apparently doesn’t want me in the room for most of it, asked me to leave so that I wouldn’t have to see her in pain,” John rolls his eyes, “Not sure if she’s trying to be accommodating or if she really doesn’t want me in the room.”
He allows the door to swing shut behind him as he steps into the room.
“It’s so long and slender,” John groans, “So fucking gorgeous.”
Oh god, Sherlock thinks. Is he going to get reprimanded? So much for having John back.
“Oh, Watson,” he says almost patronisingly, “Nothing made me…”
Conversation ceases almost immediately, however, when they pull into the drop-off point at headquarters, Sherlock leaping out of the car as John thanks the driver and rushes out to join him.
He gestures to the backseat, opening and shutting the door for Mary as Sherlock makes his way to the front seat, tucking himself in and strapping himself up.
Sherlock’s sides are aching, his lungs gasping for air but despite that, this is the happiest he's been in ages.
He steps forward, over to the edge of the cliff, his footsteps sure and certain. Going by the thread of his subconscious, which is taking risks and facing his fears… This seems like the best and only option.
On the fourth morning, John had been long gone when Sherlock woke up, the other side of his bed proving freezing cold when one of Sherlock’s feet had mistakenly crept towards the patch of bed that John had once occupied.
When he's certain that she's gone, Mike grabs his books, scooting back to the empty space that Irene had occupied.
the words send a shiver down Sherlock’s spine.
“Well, I guess it’s nice to have some company again,” Molly prattles on, reaching across her worktop to grab a particularly nasty looking metal instrument. It whirs to life as she flicks the switch, emitting an awfully loud “squelch” as she plunges the spinning serrated edge deep into the bowl.
Sherlock snorts in answer but John continues on anyway.
“Look, Sherlock, all I’m asking you is why you cared about my wife so much, or at least appeared to-”
Sherlock’s mouth gapes open as John returns to lavish attention on his lips, kissing him as Sherlock’s tongue lolls in his mouth, his lips moving slowly as if stuck in treacle, unable to properly reciprocate.
John begins to laugh too, his chest vibrating with the force of his rumbling laughter as he bends lower, his face now a mere inch from Sherlock’s.
This is not how he’d wanted it to go.
But John isn’t here right now.
This isn’t going to end well.
Screw it, Sherlock thinks to himself, he turns his body so that he's resting on his side, his head facing John's. He shuffles a bit closer, not sure how close John wants him to be exactly but John meets him halfway. Sherlock realises belatedly that he should have put on a shirt but he really cannot be bothered right now because John's arms are coming round to encircle him like a protective barrier, pulling them both impossibly closer.
“Another one incoming,” one of them shouts into his microphone as another flurry of agents scrambles to a corner of the room, typing away almost viciously on the computers there.
“Wait… are you saying that… none of this is real?”
If what he thinks has happened has really happened... then David should admit to it in no time.
“Hey darling.”
“Prick,” Sherlock manages in between giggles, his body writhing uncontrollably as John continues his unforgiving onslaught of tickles. “Ok, ok not a prick. NOT A PRICK,” he yells as John tickles him with greater intensity.
“Last chance to back out Sherlock,” he says, his eyes dark as Sherlock licks his lips.
He watches as the door clangs open with a loud crash, revealing a very annoyed looking Mrs Hudson who comes storming into 221B. She's armed with a gleaming silver tray, its contents consisting of two cups of steaming tea and a batch of warm crumpets.
And that knowledge tells him that John is about to break.
“Not hungry you say,” John teases, fixing Sherlock with a playful grin.
“Right you are,” she says, “Looks like there’s still some brains in you yet.”
“John,” he whispers again and this time his hips begin to stutter forwards and back, simultaneously seeking pressure on his cock and on his arsehole as the dog tags around his neck continue to knock together. The sound of metallic clinking filling the room as he proceeds to rut feverishly back and forth on John's finger.
His sister Harry had ever tried, dragging him off to gay bar after gay bar, but somehow each trip seemed to end with Harry getting drunk and John having to drive her home.
“Which means?”
I want that too Sherlock, god. I want to watch you grow old and love you all the more for it. I want to be with you forever, I want to have that chance to fall in love with you every single day for the rest of my life. I want to have that promise of a happy ending, so badly.
It seems he’s really going to be faced with the prospect of a John-less afternoon.
The water is still running, which would normally have given Sherlock some cause for concern, but the splatters from the spray alternate between soft and loud, suggesting that John is at least moving in the bath.
He flashes John a guilty look before continuing.
He gets up, running his hands through his curls, attempting to calm them somewhat but failing miserably.
It’s probably the cheesiest thing that he’s ever said but that doesn’t matter. It’s perfect for the moment.
“You’re fine?” he queries, his eyes locking with Sherlock’s as he leans in, planting a quick kiss on his cheek.
Sherlock smiles.
He scowls furiously at John, turning his nose up imperiously while John struggles to bite back laughter. He flashes Sherlock a comical, crooked grin, causing Sherlock’s lip to wobble as he pleads with himself not to smile, forcing his lips into a thin line.
“Everything, Sherlock,” his brother says, his words laced his venom, “Everything you’ve taken.”
Wait… photographs aren’t usually that thick.
What do you mean what you want?
He watches as John purses his lips, nodding his head slightly.
He turns, listening carefully, trying to pinpoint the source of the noise.
It's all things that Sherlock has said before and yet hearing them repeated… once again for his ears only, surprises Sherlock a little. He knows none of these statements to be close to the truth, even from the point of utterance and yet he'd never truly figured the extent of his fake facade...
At this, he raises up Sherlock’s deerstalker, tossing it towards him. Sherlock catches it easily, slipping it on with a smile on his face, a warm, fuzzy feeling settling in his chest at Watson’s declaration.
He hears Sherlock squeak in answer, his whole face going a cherry red as John smirks, stroking his boyfriend’s hip gently.
John chuckles as he allows his fingers to fall from Sherlock’s side, collapsing on top of Sherlock. John waits for Sherlock to catch his breath before resting his whole weight on him, their faces inches from each other.
“When he died, she lost her protection,” Mycroft segues in, “And to make matters worse, there was a business conglomerate who knew all her secrets… so she went into hiding.”
Turning to face the window, his eyes had widened upon seeing the vast stretch of nothingness stretching out into the distance, the land and sky so blindingly white it was hard to tell which was which.
“Hmmm,” Sherlock hums, “I think I should be… Victor will probably be going to visit his relatives on that day… We won’t be able to meet up then so it should be fine.”
The number has increased by one again.
Mummy had always been “the weird one in the relationship” as his father used to lovingly put it. She was the woman who had given Sherlock and Mycroft their characteristic brilliance, being no short of intelligence herself. Sherlock remembers poring over his mother’s essays at the age of eight, understanding absolutely nothing.
He retrieves a key card, holding it up for Sherlock to see.
All he has to do is immerse himself back in the Victorian world. Yes, that’s it, that’s all he has to do.
He steps towards the aisle, fumbling slightly. He’s still a little disoriented but that can be fixed. He shakes his head, standing up straight and regaining his balance.
“Mycroft wasn’t supposed to tell me,” John interrupts, his voice instantly hardening, “I’d asked for a paternity test soon after Lily had been born, but it had been six weeks and I’d suspected that something was up. That’s why I called and basically threatened the information out of him.”
“Well!” Sherlock leaps up from his chair. He walks swiftly over to Cameron’s recycling bin and heaves out the heavy plastic bag from within. “This has been really nice and all, but I’m afraid we’ll have to continue this conversation elsewhere.”
It’s all because of that stupid FALL.
It’s a warehouse somewhere in East London.
Sherlock is certain he’s on the verge of losing his mind.
Sherlock’s eyes fly open, blinking wildly for a moment before he remembers where he is and how he got there.
John’s gaze rakes across the expanse of nothingness before him, the sea of white blinding his eyes as John registers that it’s suddenly gotten much… much brighter.
He gulps, watching with anticipation as the dark figure crawls closer till his vision narrows down to two glimmering opals, beautiful blue eyes that gaze back at him knowingly.
He remembers loving the stars too. Yes, he had loved the stars as a child, when he was young and there was Redbeard. He remembers Mycroft building a treehouse on the old oak tree in the backyard one day, remembers Mycroft wiping the sweat from his brow as he informed a delighted Sherlock that the treehouse was his belated birthday present. He climbed the ladder every night, heaving Redbeard up in a pulley Mycroft had installed that had, at the time, been meant for the lifting of wooden planks for the construction of the treehouse.
He has a theory...
“Since we're definitely going to be do a lot of walking today,” John says, dusting his hands off on his jeans, “I’d recommend you finish your breakfast.”
I told you already, we need to figure out what plans Moriarty has and-
He feels absolutely alive, his entire body set aflame as he twists and turns around the room…
No not likely, he'd told Bill Wiggins to keep an ear out for any news regarding John…
Victor flashes Sherlock a sinister grin before going on.
Or at least that’s what the electronic clock on the wall tells him.
And that’s when he sees it.
He reassures himself yet again as he stuffs the rest of the sandwich into his mouth, padding back towards his room, the sound of his footsteps muffled by soft carpet.
“Didn’t you hear me?” John says assuredly, his voice remaining bold and resolute while carrying an undertone of affection.
His expression puzzles Sherlock for a moment before he remembers - the drugs.
This is seriously the most emotional week he’s ever had a.k.a. the most terrible week he’s ever had, except that John came back and oh no NO. He has to stop thinking about him.
Sherlock forces himself to meet John’s eyes, trying to convey his deepest apologies though his gaze because he can’t tell him. He can’t.
Sherlock sighs in relief.
Silence once again descends upon them, except that this time, it isn't the kind of awkward silence that has haunted their conversations since the beginning of John’s return. It's a warm kind of silence, it’s edges smoothed with affection and Sherlock wants nothing more than to drown in it.
he yells back, the pain in his imaginary voice palpable.
It’s often either too cold or too dry, and dark clouds tend to have a bad habit of hanging ominous curtains over what would normally be known as sunny days.
Sherlock hums and sighs.
Sherlock had gritted his teeth throughout the entire conversation, his nails scratching a dent into the headboard as Mary had prattled on about how lonely she’d been, how it was nice to know that someone had been looking out for her and how nice it’d be to see him and John again.
“Of course we should move on John, don’t be stupid,” he can hear John sniggering but he continues anyway.
Mike thinks,
Sherlock flashes John another smile, scooting further up the bed till their faces are side by side. He presses his lips to John’s once again as John’s hands come to wrap around his cheeks, cradling his face gently.
And then, a bold crescendo, an explosion of sound as Sherlock reminisces about that fateful day that he’d met John, when he’d suddenly found a beacon in the darkness, a possible colleague and even more importantly, a friend.
He’d sat up and stretched his arms, listening to the telltale crackles of cramped muscles before moving to stand, smiling to himself as he made his way out of his bedroom.
“Hey Sherlock! John!” Victor calls from the side, his voice causing John to whip his head around.
He’s clearly too overcome by emotion to continue just yet so he pauses, his chest heaving violently and Sherlock wants nothing more than to wrap himself around him and hold him tight, never letting him go.
yoyoyo remember when I said I'd finish this before season 4.
“Make me yours.”
Only if it’s John though. That must be made clear. Only if it’s John.
look?
“So what’s the plan now?” he bleats, his voice cracking.
“Why haven’t you switched the heating on Mr Campbell?” Sherlock questions, gazing curiously at the thermostat in a corner of the living room. Its surface is covered in a thick-ish layer of dust, as if the buttons haven’t been touched in a very long time.
But even on that front, John has been craving reprieve from the monotony of life here for years, shouldn’t a bit of danger or uncertainty then be welcome? Now that there’s a possible escape from his boredom, shouldn’t he take it?
, he thinks to himself as he slouches back onto his chair. He’s known this. He’s known this for the longest time, that John doesn’t belong with him. But Mary’s call is acting as a confirmation for him, a confirmation that John Watson does not belong in Sherlock Holmes’ life. “If you really loved him,” she had said and oh god does Sherlock love him. But he can’t do it, can he? He can’t bring himself to chase John out of their flat and watch him fly back into Mary’s arms. Why is he so
If John punched David the moment he saw him, that would have ended very badly for the two of them.
“David lives on the fifth storey,” John says stiffly, “And he should be home because I had Mycroft check for me.”
Fine.
Sherlock, you have no idea how much I wish you were lying right next to me right now. In my bed, here with me. I want to undress you, want to pull that ridiculously loose T-shirt off of you and lick every inch of your skin.
“I’m ready.”
He turns to face John, watching the flare of his nostrils and the rise and fall of his chest. He looks so peaceful in sleep, his body relaxed and his jaw slack, a distinct difference from before.
If John’s out at a pub, it means that something truly bad must have happened at his old workplace. After all, John almost never drinks, his sister the primary reason he normally avoids alcohol like the plague. He only ever drinks on special occasions and when he’s had a particularly bad day. Sherlock suspects that in this case, it’s probably the latter.
“I’m your friend Sherlock, friends talk about these things,” he starts.
a voice in his head yells again,
“No,” Sherlock absolutely refuses to let John finish that sentence, “No John, you will always be welcome here. This is your home as much as it is mine and I refuse to let you think otherwise.”
“You didn’t save me, Mary,” he shakes his head, “If shooting my best friend is what you call saving me, you seem to have a very warped conception of what sacrifice means.”
The warehouse the coordinates point to is a rundown brick building covered in sprawling ivy.
He grins as he runs his fingers over his shoulder, feeling the dips and indents of John’s teeth marks there.
Contact me on
“Thanks,” he breathes, blushing a little from Sherlock’s praise. It’d always meant more when Sherlock complimented him, partially because the man almost never compliments anyone and partially because he’s one of the few people that John constantly seeks to impress.
“This isn’t the way you’re supposed to treat the person who saved you from certain death,” she frowns, moving to stand behind Sherlock.
“... AND ME!”
They’ve almost reached the bottom when John retrieves something from the bin. He stares at it for a moment, looking slightly bewildered before calling, “Sherlock! I think I might have found something!”
He has no idea how to proceed. Should he just take his shirt off here? Wait, that’ll make John uncomfortable won’t it? Or should he just rush off to the bathroom and undress there? Or will that make the situation worse?
A sultry, smooth voice curls from the corner of the room, startling Mike before he realises who the owner of the voice is.
He doesn’t know when his heart started beating so fast but right now it feels like the mass of muscle is preparing to explode out of his chest.
But then the spell breaks, the world rushing back in as Sherlock’s gaze falls, his lips pressed into a gentle frown.
“Ergh, that sounds absolutely vile.”
It’s currently a little after seven in London and the sky has darkened to a rich obsidian, a black canvas airbrushed with faded, grey clouds. The streetlights have all come on, glowing bright in the crisp, chilly air.
Moriarty clings onto him, his body weight crushing Sherlock as he locks arms with him, bending him over the ledge.
He sees John give a momentary start forward, a tentative arm reaching out before it’s hastily retracted and then the moment is over. The spell breaks as the rest of the world comes rushing in and Sherlock is hyper-aware of the sounds of life filtering in from the exterior of Baker Street.
“There are crisps in the cupboard by the way,” he says, rather matter-of-factly.
From whom?
“I think you’ll find that trying to repeat that whole process by killing my friend negates that,” John says, his shoulders tense.
“You’d fuck me then and there, I know you would,” Sherlock purrs, John’s expletive causing an idea to pop into his head. He licks the shell of John’s ear and John practically shivers, “You’d hold me so close to you, my body bent nearly in half as you thrust in and out of my body and I’d cling onto you like a lifeline, letting you absolutely ruin me-”
“I’m here,” he whispers when they part for air, John sobbing loudly now as he gives in fully to his sorrow, hiding his face in the crook of Sherlock’s neck as he begins to howl, his voice raised to the heavens as tears begin to roll hotly down Sherlock’s cheek.
He takes one last look at the flat, memorising the shape of it as best as he can, locking the memories of post-case bliss, John and him swinging into the living room on an adrenaline high, laughing loudly. John and him watching telly together, their shoulders brushing as Sherlock says something that he knows will make John laugh. The two of them dancing by lamplight as John dips him and kisses him.
“I dislike being referred to as beautiful, yes,” Sherlock mumbles, cutting John off as he narrows his eyes, “That’s all there is to the matter-”
Why is the man continuing to press the issue? No good is going to come of it and the only purpose it’s serving is pissing Sherlock off.
, what did that mean? Did John seriously think that it would be a privilege to be loved by Sherlock Holmes? Because being loved by him would be an absolute train-wreck of miscommunication and insecurity. Sherlock knows himself well, knows that he will never be good at relationships, knows that he will never be the perfect partner that anybody would ever seek after.
The moment Mycroft left, Sherlock had wept. Tears had streamed down his face as he sunk back down against the hard brick wall, clutching his legs tightly.
The man eventually crumbles, sighing deeply as he swings a hand forward in David’s direction.
In four hours time he’ll meet John at the airstrip, seeing the man that he loves for the very last time and he’s not sure how he’s going to handle that.
“Irene Adler,” Watson repeats, shaking his head stiffly.
He’s going to faint, he really is.
It’s time.
The bedroom door creaks open, bathing the walls in light as someone steps into the room, padding over to the bed.
He shot himself in the face.
Sherlock manages a smile back (thank god), squeezing John’s shoulder affectionately as John tightens his grip on his back. His fingers dig into Sherlock’s skin through his thin T-shirt, just enough pressure for it not to hurt, as they continue their way around the room, Sherlock staring at John like a lovesick teenager.
Sherlock doesn’t have to bend down to know what it is.
“Sherlock, are you there?” John Watson’s Unmistakable Voice calls. Judging from the footfalls, he is probably standing right outside their door (of course it’s theirs it’s always been theirs) and for once, Sherlock has absolutely no idea what to do. He’s not anticipated any scenario remotely similar to this and has, in fact, been solidly successful in preventing himself from musing about any situations involving John visiting 221B Baker Street. He has to look after Mary after all, he shouldn’t have any reason to bother with his
I wish I didn’t have work tomorrow.
OH MY GOD Y'ALL. I'M SO SORRY. I had school up till about May and got stuck with a bad writer's block :<. But here we are! At the end. Finally. I hope I gave our boys the ending that they deserved. Enjoy!!!
It means that I’m flirting with you ;)
One more fun fact: this is actually the chapter I started world building with. I began with "And they dance, soft socked feet whispering over dusty carpet. The air around them is still, save for the soft music playing in the background." which I have since incorporated into the story HAHA. Look we're 50k words in! Ah how far we've come :)
He’s bought some chicken fillets for dinner, along with an assortment of spices in the form of a spice rack (it was on offer!). Paprika chicken has always been one of Sherlock’s favourite dishes, a childhood meal that his mother used to bake for Mycroft and him every now and then, especially after they’d come home from school.
But there’s something else, Sherlock notes.
“We need to have breakfast,” John replies, burying his nose in Sherlock’s hair and inhaling deeply.
It’s just because he feels like it.
Ayyyy it's a cliffhanger! Btw if you've watched the video, you can tell that I'm deviating from the story a little bit. I just can't keep Sherlock and John apart haha. Hope you enjoyed this update!
“No need for that now,” he says, allowing the sheets of paper to fall to the floor, “Got the real thing. I have work to do.”
“Look at you,” John murmurs gravelly, Sherlock moaning in answer, “All spread out for me, your body mine to devour.”
John moves first, his fingers gently guiding Sherlock’s face forwards till their foreheads are touching.
Sherlock sighs, his feet doing little impatient leaps on the spot as the lift doors open.
He sighs, his hands trembling as his phone vibrates once again.
Well, he’s botched his final chance, there’s nothing for it now.
And with that, John plops down onto the bed, rolling onto his side as he covers his head with his blanket.
“John,” he murmurs, running a hand down John’s chest to where John’s hand is already furiously pumping away at his cock, “John, let me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He places the thumb drive back into the casing carefully before retreating from the room hurriedly.
John stares, eyes transfixed on Sherlock for a moment before bursting into giggles.
“I love you,” he’d murmured yet again, this time against Sherlock’s neck, kissing the skin there, “You beautiful creature.”
Although... If he’d known that there’d been another competitor for Sherlock’s affections, maybe he would have considered a shotgun confession.
“No I wouldn’t.”
“Sherlock.”
Groaning in frustration, Sherlock forces himself out of bed, grimacing as his arsehole twinges from their activities a few hours ago.
They lie there for a moment, trapped in a bubble of their own making, stuck in a reality where there is only John and Sherlock and Sherlock and John. Sherlock allows his consciousness to narrow down to the sensation of John's fingers in his hair, finding bliss in the simple movement of John’s skin against his.
How dare he belittle the bravest man that Sherlock has ever known!
“Nothing but Pidgeys and Rattatas,” Sherlock rolls his eyes, “Absolutely-”
The screen is empty.
This seems to break John out of his whatever-addled state, his eyes blinking as if they’ve been laced with treacle as he turns towards the plate of scones, passing them over to Sherlock.
However, even though it will be challenging, she’ll be damned if she doesn’t try.
“Yes yours,” Sherlock responds, his hips snapping in time with John’s thrusts as he tightens his hold on him, “Yours yours, always have been, always will be-”
“I’ll always be there for you.”
“Sherlock?” John’s voice comes again, soft and slightly hoarse.
“Trust me John, you have nothing to worry about,” Sherlock responds, gazing up at John.
He groans, using his hands to spread Sherlock’s butt cheeks wide as his tongue darts out, licking his way down Sherlock’s perineum down to his arsehole.
At least Sherlock is having fun.
How could she have tricked him like this? How could she-
And to add insult to injury, he’s got a rugby game tomorrow. That’s really going to shorten his studying time significantly so he has to get a move on.
“There was no way of doing that,” Sherlock responds, “When Moriarty and I met on that roof that day, he threatened to kill you, Mrs Hudson and Lestrade. Despite the fact that the gunman on site had seen me survive, Mycroft was able to convince him to put down his gun and tell the other two snipers that I had successfully committed suicide. If anybody outside the few of us, especially one of Moriarty’s remaining contacts had known that I’d survived, they might have decided to finish the job. I couldn’t let that happen.” He sighs before continuing, “Although, I can’t lie. Mycroft and I had been planning this trip for a long time. We were planning on eliminating Moriarty somehow and taking down his web.” At this, John turns to face him, expression incredulous.
“You’re not working there anymore?” Sherlock questions.
He hopes that that will be the case.
Is this really happening?
“... a bit tired.”
After all, given the situation, if he’s unlucky this might be the last time he’ll ever see him.
However, instead of being greeted by disdainful, scathing remarks, John had gotten something entirely different.
Mycroft had been extremely vague, which was basically him being his normal dramatic self. However, Sherlock suspects that Mycroft is expecting him to piece together a semblance of something from his extremely ambiguous statements.
Wait.
Is it the low collared T-shirt? The one that I can see your collarbone jutting out of?
That voice is unmistakably Sherlock’s.
It's just then that realisation hits Sherlock, filling his stomach with sickly dread.
Sherlock turns on his side, sighing happily as he presses a kiss to John’s nose.
“What do you mean?” Sherlock inclines his head sluggishly towards John’s, his brow knitted in a slight frown.
What did he know of John?
So John’s only just left then and it's... Sherlock glances at his bedside clock, currently 12.43 in the afternoon, which means that John might be back only just in time for dinner instead of the mid-afternoon he’d promised.
“Sherlock-” John starts, but Sherlock interrupts him.
He doesn’t look back this time.
“Sherlock,” John starts, his voice carrying an undertone of anger, “You really aren’t in a good position to argue right now.”
… Which promptly starts growling.
John seems to be completely ignoring the topic of Sherlock’s affection for him… which is to be honest quite worrying.
“Oh, I don’t know. Maybe because you only met Janine two months ago at a wedding where you lost your son and you’re trying to replace something by marrying a
Sherlock let his eyes flicker down John's body to watch the body language John was expressing in his uneasy movements. "Yes John. I thought that it was fairly obvious."
and anger. It may be a striking flower, but its message is sure to get you into trouble.
Sherlock shrugged. "It was in the way." He was lying of course, the chair was up in John's room with everything else that reminded him of their time together. It was painful to see everything that reminded him of John, but he left the flat for the drug house almost completely because he couldn't bear to see the absence of who was supposed to be there. He could never go back to Turing-Hart's because there was so much in the House that wasn't in his flat. There were no chemistry tests on the fridge or paints left out on the kitchen table, no dirty dishes left by the couch or shoes thrown to the side of the door, no curiosity fueled experiments on the floor, and no dark blue chair next to his own that he was supposed to shop for with his son. Now, he might not have that ever because he couldn't stop a man holding a gun. Sherlock had decided that he had to stop anyone who could possibly pose a threat to the people he cared about without question. If it kept John, Molly, and Gregory safe, then he would do it.
John snapped to attention, tearing off his coat and rolling up his sleeves. "Back up." Sherlock set his child down, backing away a bit to give John room. "Mary. I need a nurse." Mary quickly knelt down in her white dress, staining the area around the knees with blood.
Sherlock nodded with a smile. "I do know that Mycroft. How did it go by the way?"
Sherlock took a deep breath, hating the feelings that John made him feel. He hated how John could hurt him over and over without caring and he hated being weak. Mycroft was right. Caring wasn’t an advantage. It was a weakness that Sherlock couldn’t live with anymore. “You need to leave. I can’t trust you anymore. I did the whole ‘feelings’ thing and I hate it. I gave you the weapons to kill me because I never believed you would use them, but you did and broke the fragile trust I decided to leave with you.” Sherlock stood up, wiping his eyes and facing John head on. For the first time since he met John, Sherlock deliberately used his height to intimidate someone smaller than him, causing John to shrink back in the same way Sherlock always did around him. “I should have learned my lesson in the bomb carriage and deleted you, but I was too stupid. I got
"Then, did you adopt Sammy?"
"I already know that. I just don't know how."
John grinned, walking over to Sherlock and helping him into his vest, buttoning it up in front. "I swear that it's your fault I'm like this. You're too good of a person to make people believe you are horrible." Sherlock just shrugged and John grabbed his friend's suit jacket, helping him into it and pulling a cream colored tie over his curls. "Why don't you tell people? Why didn't you tell me?"
"You are thinking much too loud John. Just ask your bloody questions when they pop into your head so I am spared the moody looks of a teenager." Sherlock turned to look out the window, not meaning to sound rude, but he was uncomfortable around this John. Around this John, he had to be careful about everything he said, watching for the tell tale twitch of John's hands when he was about to throw a punch.
"Clever?"
John’s eyes were wide, the blue of his eyes clear and drowning in tears. “Your eyes were… because you were crying? Is this my fault?”
Sherlock was numb, not noticing as silence fell around him, Mary coming up behind him and John rigid in absolute horror, staring at the boy. Sherlock gingerly pulled his bleeding son onto his lap, tears welling up in his eyes. "Why. Why did you do it. Why are you leaving me? You don't deserve to die."
Sherlock smiled. "You would? I'd say you're rather… clever too." John chuckled, causing Sherlock to grin and clap his hands a bit at being able to make John laugh. "Mmm, am I important?"
Sherlock shakes his head.
Mary doesn’t seem to like that.
However, just as he’s about to deliver what would probably have been the most heartfelt speech he had ever made in his life, he’s interrupted.
Mycroft had cleared it all when he visited Sherlock on the day he was imprisoned, informing him that the next time he leaves this cell, he’ll be off on a plane to Eastern Europe. Never to see him again, never to see London again…
His hand is still extended in invitation, his eyes dancing as he peers down at Sherlock, glimmering with the hope of acceptance.
The next thing he notes is that there's a warm pressure on his thigh. He raises his head slowly, peeking over his hip.
“The shoe was well preserved, the traces of mud are still visible. See how the splatter goes up to the tip of the shoe? It was something that clearly happened often, going by the many layers of residue on the cap. This rules out the likelihood of the stains being a product of wet soil after or during rain.”
He bends down, brushing a hand across both of Sherlock’s eyebrows as Sherlock’s eyes fall close.
Sherlock raises a questioning eyebrow. What does John want to discuss now?
“It would’ve been William,” Sherlock replies, shaking his head, “Remember, that is my first name. A curious choice of name for a female baby, taking into consideration society-imposed gender norms.”
He flashes a smile at Mary and John before making his way towards the car, shaking his head as John runs ahead, taking the driver’s seat.
And it’s too much, too much to look at John and see the physical evidence of the hurt and pain that his best friend had experienced the night before - and under his hand no less, so Sherlock darts back into the bathroom, locking the door soundly behind him as he makes his way back to his bed.
“Since when did we ever care about safe,” he replies calmly, his eyes fixed on John’s.
Contrary to popular belief, Sherlock does know how to cook. After all, the process of cooking does adhere to similar principles that chemistry does. He retrieves 3 eggs from the fridge (which were originally meant for a salmonella culture), 2 slices of bread from the bread box (which were actually meant for a mould-related experiment) and an onion (which still smells edible but has been there for ages)
“Goodnight John,” he mumbles, clearly a little puzzled and annoyed as he settles back into bed.
It has something to do with that blasted thing-
“Watch out for Mary Morstan.”
“You blew your own brains out,” he says in a stage whisper, his eyes filled with terror. “How could you survive?”
He remembers lying under dark skies, conjuring up meteors that crashed and burned their way towards the Earth’s surface.
It hadn’t been anything remotely similar to how people had described it in romantic comedies. It’d been nothing like that “finding the other half of your heart” kind of bullshit but rather… Sherlock complements John in ways that he could never have imagined.
“Remember what?” John blurts out.
It hurts. It hurts horribly to be separated from John, to not be TOUCHING him... But he understands, they’re in a hospital, a ward full of cameras. For all he knows, Mary might make a move to retrieve the footage later if she suspects that anything is wrong. Although… Mycroft has probably already thought of that eventuality. But, it doesn’t hurt to be careful.
John's emotions are extremely complex, fluctuating within mere seconds. He could be angry one moment and sad the other and Sherlock wouldn't be able to figure out exactly which was which.
Sherlock is absolutely speechless.
Oh god.
Sherlock stands at the threshold, leaning against the door frame as John turns around one last time, flashing him a warm smile.
He sighs as the water engulfs his legs, swathing them in warmth as he bends down, adjusting himself till he is lying down in the tub. He grabs some soap from the dish built into the wall, rubbing it against his skin as bubbles begin to fill the top layer of the tub, hiding his body from sight.
“So what are we looking for?” John questions as Sherlock gives up and moves onto the cupboards instead.
John is thrusting forwards in earnest now, his hips rolling against Sherlock’s body, each thrust seating him deeper and deeper inside him.
Oh Sherlock, fuck I really considered getting out of the train carriage and turning around to go back to you. But I can’t. You know I can’t. I’m sorry.
John is gazing at him with such sincerity, such resoluteness that Sherlock is almost wondering why they haven’t kissed yet, why he hasn’t pressed his lips to John’s, sealing John’s promise with a kiss.
The next few days pass as they normally do.
He has no idea how long he lies there for, whimpering softly in the darkness before sleep drags him under.
“Your mum asked me to tell you to come down for lunch, said she’s been trying for the past 5 hours,” John’s voice comes again, the sound sending chills down Sherlock’s spine.
John listens as the sound of traffic rushes in, the faint honking of cars in the distance and motorists revving their engines a quiet melody as John slowly comes to himself.
, he thinks as he closes his eyes.
“Yes I have,” John replies stiffly, his voice sounding a little colder than normal. “And I’ve brought the thumb drive as well, just as you requested.”
“I love you so much, you have no idea-” John chokes out, his tears dampening Sherlock’s cheeks as he presses his forehead even more firmly against Sherlock’s.
They fell out soon after that.
And that’s when he hears footsteps on the stairs, steady and sure and getting louder by the second as someone begins to charge up the last remaining flight of steps.
He reaches for the dog tags, fingers trembling before he hastily pulls his hand away.
Sherlock’s chest tightens at the sight, warmth settling deep in his belly even though he knows that his face is a complete open book. Even though he knows that what he's doing right now is erasing all the work he's done in the past to hide his true feelings, to hide his love for John.
? He rests his head in his palms, distressed in every sense of the word. He has to do this, has to do this for John, maybe not right now but he'll have to do it eventually. He’s got to bring John back to his senses. He will convince John that Mary is the one for him, even if he has to paint himself as worthless in the process and oh god he’s going to cry isn’t he?
Sorry Sherlock but I… don’t know… Maybe ask your brother? He’s the one orchestrating this whole thing after all.
“... That was generally me.”
John chuckles sadly in response.
“I love you,” he’d whispered into Sherlock’s ear, the man mewling at the sound of his voice as he tore at John’s skin, his fingers frantically dancing in and out of the creases and crevices of his back.
Sherlock lets out a soft sigh, turning to face the window instead. He watches as Mary beams and waves at them as the car trundles away, her smile unwavering even as they turn into the intersection.
He hasn’t done this in years though. The last time this happened had been way back in his uni days, back when he had a death wish and didn’t want to live past 30.
Sherlock sighs. He probably shouldn’t lie to John any longer than he needs to.
“I would love for nothing more than to see the light leave your eyes.”
He’s hard, has been hard since he woke up to be fair. Morning wood and all. And as John thrusts upwards, his hips aligned with Sherlock’s, it seems that the man is in a similar state.
“You’re so tight,” John moans, pistoning his cock in and out of Sherlock’s body, “So fucking good, god-”
Sherlock stops in his tracks immediately, his eyes finding John’s almost instantly.
“I made me,” he finishes.
“Ahem.”
“Thanks…” he mutters, his brother raising an eyebrow at the pleasantry as John walks towards the doorway, holding the door open for Sherlock.
He stands and stares as the car trundles away, watching as it turns the corner, disappearing from sight.
“And you have?” John replies, sounding slightly shocked.
“I’ll be fine,” he says as he gets up from the table, pushing his chair in and grabbing his travelling bag.
“Sherlock,” John's sleep drenched voice rasps. He clears his throat loudly, Adam’s apple bobbing up and down before continuing.
Thanks for sticking with me guys! And here is the next chapter of These Hours That Define Us, just in time for Valentines' Day!
“We just saw each other a little over an hour ago,” Sherlock protests, fixing his brother with a dark glare.
It feels like they've gone back in time, like Sherlock has fallen asleep and woken up in a time where Mary has never existed, a time where he had never jumped from Barts. A time where he had forfeited love for a mission that he now struggles to forget.
He’s scared.
In these cases, John had almost always been impossible to read, his stubborn gaze absolutely uninterpretable till Sherlock prodded him for more information, hoping that John's facial expression would change to reveal something new.
As ready as I can be.
He’s loved nature ever since he’s been young, his obsession with it beginning with bees. He remembers being highly impressed as a child with their amazing skills of organisation, with the way that they compartmentalised their jobs and their hive. He'd been so intrigued by the little creatures that he'd come home to his parents once with his long, gangly legs covered in bee stings. He remembers the shocked looks on their faces and the triumphant look on his, eyes bright with excitement about the observations he had managed to make about the bees.
He’s imagined up worlds with castles, dense forests with thick undergrowths, skies never ending with clouds all different shades of beige.
Well, there’ve been some experiments that he’s been meaning to try, but they no longer hold any appeal now that John isn’t around.
“Mr Holmes,” Cameron chokes out, “I did what I thought was best for her. You must understand that.”
And even if he does, Sherlock can’t allow him. Sherlock loves him too much to watch him break under the strain of an unfulfilling relationship with him. He can’t break John’s heart, he can’t.
“John,” he says, a statement, an answer, a promise all at once as John smiles warmly up at him.
“And I especially love this,” John smirks, his fingers still stretching Sherlock wide as he presses his tongue to Sherlock’s entrance, circling the puckered layer of skin there.
Sherlock Holmes?” she says, “He looks at you like the centre of his fucking universe every time I catch you both together.”
John sighs, his fingers tightening their hold on the man’s hip as he takes a deep breath.
Sherlock curls up into a ball, his knees coming to rest against his chin as thoughts whirl haphazardly, untamed by logic, through his head.
Sherlock's breath catches at the sight.
John had licked his lips, his eyes riveted to Sherlock’s, their gazes locking as Sherlock stared at him with something almost akin to hunger.
He blunders about for his phone, the bright screen flooding his vision in the darkness of the room as Sherlock sighs, waiting till his eyes get used to the change in lighting.
“No,” John turns his head, watching as Sherlock continues his weird tango across the tiles.
Watson smirks at this.
He doesn’t need to look at Sherlock’s face to know that the man is frowning.
And it’s not him.
“She told me not to tell anyone,” David breathes, his lip wobbling as he lifts a shaky hand to wipe his brow, “How… How did you find out? She said no one would come looking.”
“Look at this,” he starts, drawing John’s attention back to him, “Layer of dust, coating the base of the entire cupboard except for these huge patches over here.”
He pauses, preparing himself for the words to come. He watches as John flashes him a confused look, biting his lip in anticipation of what Sherlock’s going to say next.
An awkward silence ensues, pervading the space between them as Sherlock’s eyes scan the horizon, purposefully looking anywhere but John.
Well, David has the right to be scared after all. Even Sherlock wouldn't dare face a furious John Watson. Not in a million years.
People make mistakes, Sherlock reasons, maybe she’d just been that desperate to keep John? Maybe she’d just loved John that much?
He listens to the evened breathing of his roommate, a comforting rhythm that moves his heart rate to slow, calming him down.
“A week in a prison cell... I should have realised…”
“John…” Sherlock shakes his head and peers up into John’s questioning eyes, “John, you have nothing to apologise for. I actually quite like them.”
Where is Joh-
“And I love you too,” he sighs, pressing a kiss to Sherlock’s forehead, “Sherlock Holmes.”
And John would hate him then, hate him for existing, hate him for making him fall in love with him and for allowing him to leave Mary to be with him instead. It would just be a matter of time before he leaves…
He’d fallen
He unwraps the crumpled sheet of paper, gazing at it in shock.
John frowns, his brows furrowing as he opens his mouth, as if about to say something but Sherlock hurries on, cutting him off.
“Yeah,” John murmurs, in a bid to break the quiet.
He balls his hands up into fists, bringing them upwards to rest firmly against his forehead, chasing the sensation of John’s forehead against his own away. He feels that bubble of hope popping, a spark that fizzles and dies in his chest because no, John does not like him in that way, no he DOES NOT. He can’t, he can’t possibly… ever.
"Sherlock," John said. "Did you forget? 'There's always something.' So, here it is: I did shave for you."
— flick down to the tell-tale box. But his breath hitches a little before he speaks. "Oh, yes, that. I—"
John tilts his head, assessing Sherlock in the same quiet, challenging way he'd assessed Mycroft, one day a lifetime ago.
"I had so little time to
Might have need of the basin himself, John realises, lifting a hand to the bridge of his nose. The nauseous ache he used to get from using his curse has returned, beating in time with his pulse in the back of his head and his stomach. By the time John looks back, Sherlock has shut Jim out with stony determination, ignoring the sickly-sweet tone aimed at Molly, but John can't do the same, not with Jim's left hand stroking possessively up her spine, his sharp-edged Entanglement pushing through the center of her chest, stretching towards Sherlock before bending into a serpentine roil of red twisted around the three of them.
Flustered by Donovan's tight-lipped anger, he follows Sherlock up into the battered house.
The door swung inward and Sherlock appeared beyond, a whirl of darkness ranging past the fireplace. He stuttered for half a beat then continued, louder and more angrily.
like a madman: manic, hyperactive; aggressive when frustrated or misunderstood. Not vague and abstracted, not drifting out the door in a daze.
"No code. I have no idea what he means," he said tightly.
Logically, though, the reason for their missing links ought to be something he and Sherlock have in common and, well, John's fairly certain
Was all of this merely a form of extreme, unconventional
Small, quiet words, falling into Sherlock's deep reservoir of cause-and-effect, setting off echoes of inadequacy and self-reproach, ripples of slowing time and heightened awareness: within every crinkled line narrowing John's eyes, every twitch of panic and dismay he can no longer quite contain on hearing his bête noire spoken aloud, Sherlock sees accreted traces of misery, yearning, previously mal-interpreted disaffections.
Sherlock is doing his thing with the palace again, conducting mental symphonies with his hands, accompanied by facial expressions that might be comical in some other circumstance. It's clear he won't hear a thing John says, so he writes a note in large block letters that says "GONE FOR A RUN" and considers using a paper clip to hang it from Sherlock's fringe where he can't miss it. He settles for wrapping it around Sherlock's phone.
I put together the tea carefully; even if Sherlock wouldn't drink any, I needed the ritual. Taking the time, allowing the interruption, enjoying the aroma in the air: white space for our figures, the necessary rests between chords. I breathed in the fragrant steam on my way back to the front room, clear topaz for the palate, and set both mugs as well as my arse on the coffee table in front of him.
A printed page, ripped from a book; folded and refolded, much-crumpled and stained, very soft under John's fingers. Beneath the pagehead that reads
Sherlock turns quietly, and bows his head.
Sherlock's brother studies him with frowning consternation, as if he'll find reasons in John's expression for the defiance of his expectations. As if he would understand those reasons when he sees them. As if Mycroft believes he should simply be able to gather all the scattered toys from Sherlock's nursery floor, and put everything back to rights for him.
His jaw worked, but he didn't answer.
John, descending.
," John said over the roaring in her ears, gaze flickering between them. "She brought you your damn soup."
, is your reasons will at least be coherent."
His hands clenched in my hair, my shirt, around my belt, pulling me tight against him, restraint crumbling. For those first few moments I yielded to his strength, and to an expertise I hadn't anticipated; holding him just as close, but following his lead as I so often did.
John's jaw sets. This... apology, he supposes — this would have helped ease his heart, during those long wondering days and nights. Three fucking years. Sherlock's been carrying it with him a long time, most of that time.
The kettle clicked and I got up in a response Sherlock had long since defined as "Pavlovian".
A casual tilt of the umbrella from its fulcrum on the carpet.
John trots down the stairs after him, trying to smother a grin: letting on when he's amused by Sherlock acting the arrogant dick only encourages worse behaviour. But with his blood up and the bastard at his side, there's nowhere on earth he'd rather be.
"Sherlock," she said, "
John sees Entanglements everywhere now. His curse is back in full force, in the short months since he moved in at 221B, and he hasn't been able to shut it down again the way he did after the fiasco with Harry, before Afghanistan; doesn't know how he managed the first time. He's been getting used to it, though, no more headaches, and he's getting better at reading what the subtle details of the Entanglements can tell him.
"What?" Mary exclaimed, fingers and toes suddenly burning cold with adrenaline and anger; this accusation was beyond the pale. John straightened, looking at her, mouth slightly open at her vehemence. "Sherlock, you think I'm — no.
1:19 am
"Quiescent. Sweetheart." Sherlock flew back to reality to see Janine blushing and looking down between their bodies. "Control yourself."
"Well, if it isn't little Willabug the Hol-mo." She smirked at him, standing just a bit too close. "You finally sick of marital bliss with your mister? I haven't seen you in years."
She snorted. "And I heard you died. Anyways, you try growing up in Britain with an Irish mum and Austie-Brooklyn dad. See how formal like you talk then."
John felt the grip tighten and the hand on his head come off to check something, blood automatically gushing from the area his head hit the cement below him until the hand was replaced. "You really are forever the doctor John. Not even bothering to think about your own concussion." The hand on his back moved away to John's coat, rolling it up a bit and gently trading the other hand for the rolled up coat, pressing it to his head and tying the sleeves together in front. "Close your eyes." The voice was soft but strict so John did as he was told, too exhausted to do anything but obey and he felt the warmth on his body dissolve, almost as if it was just a ghost, dissolving into thin air, leaving John to lay there on the cement surrounded by the cold.
Sherlock hugged Fontaine tightly, kissing his forehead and cradling his face. "You're my son. I would never let you go." He pressed their foreheads together before Fontaine's head fell back, eyes closing as he passed out from the pain. He took a deep, shaky breath, looking over at John who was still frozen. "Help him."
"And you're in a relationship with a woman." John had long since abandoned his tea, just holding it in his hands.
Sherlock was silent. He didn't know if he was understanding what type of serious John meant. Was it the type of serious that he had been bugging Mycroft about, or just the normal type of serious where it was a confirmation of dating and being in a relationship? "I am not sure I comprehend what you are trying to-"
John blinked a couple times, the swaying and blurring lines getting worse. Had the person dragging him from the roof just been his imagination or had there actually been a stranger working in the hospital that had desperately tried to save him despite not knowing who the hell would climb onto a hospital roof in the middle of the night. John felt his brain being stabbed by loud noises behind him as someone tried to get through the flimsy metal door leading to the roof. Closing his eyes for a few moments, he fought to stay conscious through the waves inside his brain.
Greg didn't have a gun. John didn't have a gun. Sherlock didn't have a gun. Nobody had anything.
Sherlock on the other hand was still drinking his coffee and watching John fully at this point. "Yes. I am."
John chuckled. "You don't have to be sorry. There's nothing to be sorry for."
"Okay?"
John looked up into Sherlock’s multicolored eyes. “I went to Barts. I visited your grave. Were you there?”
Sherlock shrugged. "It was a favor."
Mary nodded. "Okay. You go handle Sherlock and whoever he's bringing."
A blonde angel holding him.
Pull the trigger.
Sherlock shook his head as they walked into the living room. "I am not attempting to be impressive John. Intimidation is key here." He quickly walked away from John over to Mary who was sitting on the sofa holding a glass of champagne.
"And he's straight."
John rolled his eyes as he hoisted himself back up onto the concrete ledge and shuffled around so he was standing again. The numb feeling was settled deep into his bones and he couldn't bring himself to pretend to feel any emotions as his voice fell into a dull tone. "You sound worried Greg. Too much stress is bad for you and could lead to rapidly graying hair and baldness. You should really just wait for me back at the flat and get some rest, doctor's orders." John didn't want anyone to stumble across the hospital in their search, so he just directed Lestrade back to the flat.
"SON." Through his cheek.
Sherlock stormed from the building, eyes shooting to every possible place as he absorbed every single piece of information flying his way, looking for clues. There were footprints in the dirt that led away from the building, the length of the strides suggesting that the person was running. Clenching his fist around the knife, he ran, lungs burning and legs aching. Sherlock followed the prints until he reached grass and could see the bastard running full tilt away from the scene of the murders he had committed. Without a second thought, he threw himself onto the back of the murderer, screaming.
But then again, nobody was prepared for the speech that Sherlock gave that drove his audience to tears.
"He doesn't know yet about the pregnancy. I only found out myself a few days ago." Sherlock fiddled with his hair a bit, still covering his head with his arms, and looked over to Molly pitifully. "I don't know if I'll ever be able to face him again. I'm scared Molly."
John felt his stomach drop through his feet, face draining of all color as he listened to the shuffling of Sherlock trying to cover the phone speaker. "Mommy's at work right now. You have to be quiet, I'm on the phone."
"Hmm?" He rested his head against Sherlock's shoulder lightly with a loopy grin on his face.
Mary shrugged, sipping her glass. "Er, well we thought May."
1:27 am
Sherlock sighed. "Autistic. You can say it John. I- I'm sorry."
John bit his lip. "So, girlfriend or fiance?"
"I was in a brief relationship with Sammy's mother back when she was Andrew instead of Andi. I volunteered to be a donor for her and her wife after her surgery went successfully and they still weren't pregnant."
Bang.
Sherlock ran towards the kids he had brought with him, screaming.
Then, everything that could possibly go wrong happened.
John shrugged, sitting down on one of the chairs provided and turning away from Sherlock to give him a little privacy. "Sooo… do you have a wife?"
Sherlock closed his eyes in ecstasy when John started kissing his neck and biting gently to leave small purple bruises along his collar bone, laughing in delight whenever John hummed against his skin. John kept moving down, biting the purple marks all over Sherlock's chest and leaving his nipples red where he had teased them with his tongue, sucking long lines on Sherlock's stomach and leaving red bite marks all over his hips. Sherlock just bit his lip, fingers tangled in John's hair and the bedsheets, panting with his head thrown back and his eyelids fluttering. He gasped when John pressed a kiss through the fabric of his trousers that had gotten much too tight between his legs, and his breath hitched when he felt John's fingers working at the button and pulling away the fabric to push it down Sherlock's thighs and off his legs. John bent Sherlock's bare legs up, biting the soft skin on his thighs and kissing the scars on his legs, covering each scar with dark bruises to replace the memory of pain with something sweeter. Something hundreds of times better than the cold, lonely nights having to run from Moriarty's men and suicidal episodes. John kissed the insides of Sherlock's thighs, teasing him and making him shake with pleasure, gasping and breathing out John's name over and over. Sherlock gasped with every open mouthed kiss placed just a few centimeters from where he really wanted it, his legs shaking as he pressed them desperately against John's back from where they were thrown over his friend's shoulders.
"I know that Sherlock, but how do you know his wife?" Molly frowned at him softly.
John just crossed his arms, amused. "You’d have to be an idiot not to see that you love it."
Sherlock smiled a bit, but his chest was hurting where his heart sat. He liked hearing the words even if they were just unknowing ramblings. “John. John Watson. John. Dear. Sweetheart. Darling. Baby. Honey. Angel. Dove. Sugar… John Hamish Watson!”
Sherlock put him down, crouching down to his level. "We don't do experiments at weddings. I'll let you taste them later when I make sure they aren't poisonous."
Sherlock was buzzing from happiness as he pulled John's face down to kiss him again. "I… I… I do too." He couldn't quite say it, but that was okay. Everything in that moment was too good not to be. All he could do was smile and trail his hands up and down John's back, settling lightly on the large scar right under his shoulder and tracing the lines that created the man he loved most.
"Okay."
Anger.
Finally, they busted through the door and John looked through his blurred vision to see Greg Lestrade running forward and grabbing his shoulders, shouting at him to keep his eyes open. Molly was quick to follow, swiftly placing her hand under John’s head to keep pressure on whatever was bleeding as John’s eyes rolled back into his head from the immense bain suddenly thundering through his brain. As he was hoisted up to his feet by a few people in scrubs, John felt the vomit in the back of his throat push up and out of his mouth, splattering onto the cement. When they reached the stairs the claw marks on his stomach, ribs, neck, and arms started throbbing, blood and rain soaking through his jumper that had slid back down to cover the desperate struggle of trying to haul someone limp and unhelpful back onto a roof they threw themselves off of. He felt his feet swept out from under him by Lestrade and a man in scrubs as he was hauled down the stairs where they were met someone with a gurney, quickly followed by Molly who rushed along taking his vitals and pressing the jacket against his head firmly to stem the flow of blood. John felt like passing out from the pain and no amount of people shouting at him not to was going to stop him. He was a bloody doctor for christ sake and no concussion was going to stop him from knowing how to treat one, but he wanted to sleep dammit and he certainly didn't care if he woke up or not, so he let himself pass out with the next wave of pain. The last thing he saw was Sherlock Holmes sitting on his legs with a blank look on his face, blood pouring from his hair in rivers flooding over his face and down his body to spill over the sides of the gurney.
Sherlock huffed silently, burning holes through the door with his eyes. "Maybe." Moving towards the door quickly, Sherlock opened it and popped his head in before John could stop him. "Molly?"
Pain.
Sherlock nodded silently, passing John without so much as a glance in his direction, too busy grinning at Fontaine. The teenager on the other hand was stunned when he saw John's face, tugging at the arm around his shoulders. "Oh my god. That was Doctor Watson.
Mary patted his hand softly, smiling in pity. "Now why would you think that?"
John spun around to look at Sherlock in surprise. "You were a donor? When was that?"
Major Sholto.
"Nah!" She shook her head, holding up a finger in the air to stop him. "Nah. Nuh uh. No. Nope. Shut it before I hurt you. Ya don't get to do that with me Shezza. From all of that shite put in the papers about that Moriarty fella, I didn't bloody well know what to believe 'bout you, but it damn well fuckin hurt to hear you dead. Didn't get invited to the funeral or nuthin, but I still went." She grinned, swiping her tongue over her lip ring. "Right well fun one too. Got to deck a dozen or so blokes that tried to crash the party all sneaky like. Wore black and everything. Stood by a nice lass in a frock who looked all pretty."
Sherlock nodded, gesturing to the door and letting John move first. “Oh course. After you John.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "And? What did he say?"
Sherlock groaned. "Shit."
, particularly in Asia.
Sherlock leaned into her touch, letting out a breath that he didn't know he was holding. He was letting himself one last moment of weakness. One last moment where he felt the feelings John had broken and thrown at his feet. “I used to be so collected. I gave myself to him in a wild leap of trust because I didn’t really know that the floor wasn’t going to give out under my feet, but I trusted him enough not to hurt me. At least, not on purpose. But he hurt me. He hurt me and I don’t know what I could possibly do, because if I can remember him, the only thing left is the pain.”
him. John. John. John. Sherlock stood back up, stumbling over to the sink and leaning onto it heavily, looking in the mirror and finally seeing what everyone else did. He finally saw the monster, the horrible person that everyone already saw. Looking into his own eyes, he saw fear, regret, hatred, disgust, and tears. He let his eyes travel down his neck to the red bite marks and purple bruises that continued down his chest and sides, feeling sick at the sight of them. Sherlock rubbed his hands over his face with both exhaustion and fear, pacing in the small bathroom and nearly hyperventilating from the thoughts racing through his brain.
John perked up a bit, relief flooding his chest. "Alright. Why does he look so much like you though?"
Aconite is a pretty-looking flower that actually means
Janine grinned, placing a soft kiss to his left shoulder. "Hello Quiescent." She brushed her fingers over Sherlock's chest with just a little bit too much pressure, causing him to let out a rather loud gasp when her fingers ran over the sun-like mark on his chest. "Too hard?"
John stood up, taking a step towards Sherlock while glaring. “I don’t know what kind of father you are because I didn’t even know you had a child until he jumped in front of a bullet for me at my own wedding! Just one more thing you never told me about!”
Sherlock had lived in the house for five and a half years when he first left home a few days before seventeen. He had just separated himself from his parents and brother after a particularly nasty argument about his drug usage, and having nowhere else to go, he decided to stay for some time. It had been in this very house where he met Sam, the forty three year old genderfluid parental figure that had walked him through realizing he liked men and the horrible withdrawal from cocaine that he undertook to stay. Drugs weren't allowed around the children and teenagers that came and went every few weeks, so he quit to keep his new home found with all temporary residents of Turing-Hart's, Sam, Lucky, and Andrew who transitioned later to Andi. Sherlock lived out of the House for years, bringing in teens he found while looking for work and children he found abandoned on the streets. At eighteen, he had brought in his favorite resident of Turing-Hart's when they were only three years old, immediately claiming the child as his own without anyone knowing. The toddler had his curls, though blonde, and his curiosity of the world, but the real reason was this child's eyes. They were the exact colors of his very own. It thrilled Sherlock to no extent that he would have the opportunity to be a good father to a child exactly like him, but after signing the adoption papers for little Noah Fontaine Timothy Holmes and having three years with his son, Sam got brain cancer. It had been completely unexpected and devastating, but Sherlock had never meant to fall back on old habits that forced him out of Turing-Hart's. Sherlock was left the House in Sam's will, but Lucky had to take over when he overdosed not even a week after Sam's funeral. The worst part though was losing Fontaine, his little boy. It was a hard hit that caused him to spiral uncontrollably into depression, picking up crime solving and forcing him to include Mycroft back into his life so he didn't die needlessly. After almost four years of sending his baby presents and letters and stories of his cases whenever he could without being allowed to see him, Sherlock overdosed again and Mycroft forced him into rehab. The two of them made a deal and after three long, awful months of staying clean, he was let out and could visit his baby boy. It was directly after that short visit when he first met John and his life finally picked back up again. He finally felt as if he had found home after years of searching.
Sherlock snickered as he buttoned his pants, his shirt already tucked in. "You beautiful idiot."
Sherlock nodded. “I couldn’t leave you. Not after I saw what I had done to you. Not after I saw you on the roof. I heard you and I promise I won’t leave you again. This is my miracle. I heard you John.”
Sherlock looked at John questioningly. "What?"
"Okay." John sniggered a little, watching as Sherlock slumped back in his chair and then immediately popped up to lean forward again. "Am I the current king of England?"
The teenage boy leaned forward, looking at the flower the toddler had tried to eat. "It's a lilac. Botanical name Syringa. They are nontoxic to humans and according to my research, they taste horrible."
Sherlock nodded, standing up and pulling John with him to press their bodies together and wrap his arms around his best friend's waist, kissing his jaw lightly with a small giggle that sent shivers through John's body. He walked backwards awkwardly with John in his arms, laughing as John leaned against him, hopping along on one foot while struggling to escape his trousers. When he finally escaped, Sherlock let himself be pressed against the door of his room so that John could start working at the buttons of his purple shirt to peel it away and drop it to the floor. Sherlock's hand found the door handle, pressing it down and causing the door to swing open, sending them to the floor with surprised shouts, but Sherlock couldn't help but smile when John started laughing. He took a moment to watch as the blue eyes filled with mirth, cheeks pink, hair ruffled, and lips red and kiss swollen, then sighed in contentment, storing away the heavenly moment in his Mind Palace. John was perfect. Amazing. Brilliant. Completely Sherlock's in that one moment, nobody else's.
"Come on." John knocked before opening the door a second later and smiling as he looked Sherlock up and down with a kind eye. "You’ll have to go down. They want the story." Rolling his eyes, Sherlock walked past him as he reached out, pulling a loose string from the back of the coat. "You look fine. Stop worrying about it. Just because Molly's bringing her fiance doesn't mean you have to impress him."
"Well, Mommy isn't here right now."
Sherlock yanked on his scarf silently for a while, fuming quietly while glaring at the door. "He's cheating."
When he walked a decent way from Molly's flat, Sherlock called for a cab and rode in silence the whole way to the bar he had left mere hours earlier. He slipped inside, sitting down on one of the stools and waiting there for the ten minutes it took for Lucky to appear next to him wordlessly.
Molly started laughing at that moment, shocking both men that were attempting to comfort her. "He really was just like Jim."
Unfolding his legs, John shifted forward until he was sitting on the very edge of his seat, instantly starting to slide off and reaching out to brace himself with one hand on Sherlock’s right leg. He pushed himself back up onto his seat a little, the both of them then looking down at where his hand was. Sherlock watched as John slowly pulled it away, the heat leaving an imprint that nearly burned with the intensity of the missed contact, so he held both his hands out to help John the rest of the way up. His heart was pounding and he felt like he was on fire as he wrapped his hands around John's arms to push him up when he started slipping again. Sherlock couldn't help but feel the shape of John's arms under the rather ridiculously thin shirt as his biceps flexed a bit when he pushed himself back up on Sherlock's knees. He swallowed thickly, feeling a very unfamiliar heat growing in the pit of his stomach when John licked his lips, pulling the bottom lip into his mouth to bite at gently.
"Yes it is. Seriously, who else would break into your flat in the middle of the night?" Sherlock let out a small chuckle, pulling his feet up onto the chair and hugging his legs.
John nodded. "Ready."
"Am I a woman?" John put down his glass, breaking the silence.
Sherlock scrunched up his nose, laughing. "Am I important to you?"
Sherlock winced. "I hear you haven't gotten rid of that horrendous mix of accents Lucky."
Sherlock took a few steps away, tears streaming down his face, people coming back into the reception hall. Greg was looking over John's shoulder in fear, so Sherlock took the opportunity, his wave of emotions quickly turning to fury directed at the bastard who shot his son. Looking over where Greg had left the camera man, Sherlock realized that he was gone. Grabbing a butter knife off the ground, he left the scene where people were cluttering around, trusting John to save his kid's life without question.
Sherlock grinned widely as Molly chuckled. "A whore!" He clapped a few times, pleased at finally having an inside joke with a friend.
John put his hand over the cover, watching the tremor of Sherlock's hands that were poking out from under the blanket. "Is this where you keep your drugs? In a shoebox?"
Grinning, Sherlock decided to change the subject to something more interesting. "Didn't you take Gregory a few days ago? I thought you said it was interesting."
Sherlock sighed. "Your research was just sticking one in your mouth, wasn't it? When did you decide to eat a flower?"
John sighed, picking up a shoebox off the floor and flipping it in his hands. "Well. That's… too bad. I guess."
Sherlock nodded, letting her take him by the elbow back out of the bar and through the night to slide into the back of a cab. He watched the passing scenery as they drove past buildings and trees and parks, arriving on the other side of the city. When the vehicle stopped, Lucky stepped out quickly and pulled the large suitcase Sherlock hadn't noticed from the back seat, tugging it around the car and knocking on his door to get his attention.
Leaning back, John nodded, taking a sip of his cold tea before cringing and setting it down. "So, a good place. Like what… kind? Of a good place, I mean."
Sherlock grinned triumphantly. "I’m you, aren’t I?"
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at John with a joking smirk. "Isn't this called kidnapping? It is highly illegal, John, and I would have thought better of you."
Molly sighed, closing the door to her bedroom and leaning against it. "How long have you been sitting in my living room?"
“Plea-”
into believing that nothing had happened.
Sherlock looked down and stepped back, having become half hard. When he remembered that he was kissing Janine, it quickly wilted and he looked at it angrily. He should be able to control himself better. Shrugging and turning to give Janine some privacy to change, he walked over to the door, waiting before Janine grabbed his hand and walked out into the hall.
"What do you mean? Sherlock, you aren't going to go to jail, we need to find the person who… oh… oh god." Molly let her hands fall away from Sherlock's shoulders slowly as she stood back up, her voice dropping to a dangerous whisper. "Sometimes I really wish I was stupid as you thought I was when we first met."
Sherlock nodded, moving his head strangely as if he didn't quite know what to do with it. "...Okay." He leaned forward woozily, bracing his upper arms on his legs and looking at the color of John's eyes, a little bit distracted. "And am I a man?"
Sherlock glared at the door. "At least three." He looked over to John silently. "What do we do?"
“I did not lose my boy and I would never even think about replacing his presence with a wife! What kind of father do you think I am?”
A man and his wife.
Nobody understood just how wrong they were.
John frowned. "You were hurt. Where did you get those scars?"
She embraced him gently, just holding him and letting him cry silently. “He made you better.”
Mycroft left a large pause again and Sherlock sighed, arranging his hair in front of the mirror while Mycroft let his brain trail off. "It's complicated." Sherlock scoffed and he could practically feel Mycroft's scowl through the phone. "Alright. He said yes, but doesn't want to have any type of thoughts about a wedding for another few years at least. He said it was because we have only been serious for a year and wants some time to sort out his life before letting someone that close again."
… as rape."
Mrs. Hudson stood in the doorway, watching as John left with a worried expression, stepping into the flat when John closed the front door. “Sherlock?”
John only dimly felt the pain of a hand grabbing his jumper, nearly choking him to death as hands scrambled for something to hold that wouldn't rip, clawing desperately at his neck and shoulders for something to hold as he hung off the side of the hospital. The sharp fingers dug into the neck of his jumper, clawing their way down to his shoulders, scratching the skin of his neck as they pulled viciously at his clothes, begging for purchase on anything as the shirt started sliding up and John slid down. He only heard dim shouts, the rain becoming heavier and making everything harder to grab. "John! Please John grab my hands! Please! Stop it! Stop slipping! John! Please John! JOHN! JOHN PLEASE! GRAB MY HANDS! JOHN! JOHN! PLEASE DON'T DO THIS! JOHN! JOHN PLEASE!
Sherlock turned a bit to look at John. "I said three years- JOHN!" He quickly pulled his jumper off the floor, covering his legs quickly, glaring a bit. "I said not to look!"
"It was not 'everyone's drunk husband' if it was just one man!" Sherlock slumped down in his seat with guilt weighing him down. "He was too drunk anyway. He won't remember any of it."
Sherlock clutched his violin closer, tilting his head. "Does that mean the deal is still good?"
As a symbol of friendship, loyalty, and
Sherlock nodded. "Alright. I will take my leave. Thank you for the hospitality." He stood up from the chair, turning to Molly and giving her a quick hug. "If Mycroft comes to talk to you, as he will, please tell him that I have taken a case in America. That is what I came to say in the first place." Taking a deep breath, he walked over to the door, turning back to Molly once and smiling softly. "Goodbye Molly, and thank you."
He'd followed Mike into the laboratory at Barts and been greeted out of the blue with "Afghanistan or Iraq?" and by the time the bizarre conversation had ended, and Sherlock Holmes finally introduced himself, John knew that this was a man who was going to have an impact on the world, one who wouldn't wait for "nothing" to happen to him.
John sighed softly. "Yeah Greg. I'm all good right now. I just needed to take care of something really quick. It won't be more than an hour or so and then you'll see me again, alright?" He looked back towards the stone ledge and started walking towards it slowly. "Don't you worry about me at all, I'm perfectly safe at this moment."
"Oh. Yeah. Of course you don't know what I'm saying." John rubbed the back of his neck, taking a deep breath. "Are you… in love with her?"
Lucky bent over a bit to peek through the window, tapping on the glass as he zoned out. "Oi. Schezza. Holmes. Sherlock. William Holmes!" Sherlock jumped a bit, looking up at her before quickly exiting the cab to let it drive away. She smiled a little, handing the suitcase over to him to march up the steps of the small white house sporting a rainbow covered door. "Home sweet home. Ain't it?"
She nodded, sniffing and letting go of him to wipe away her tears. “I know. I know Dear. Just make sure that it is what you really want.”
"YOU." Shoulder.
. He flinched away, falling to the ground and pushing himself away to make himself a smaller target. His arms came up above his head and his knees pressed painfully against his chest, leaning on the side of his chair so he could protect at least one side of his body from the pain. He didn’t know when he started crying, but he kept his tears hidden, unable to stop the shaking of his body. After a while without the pain coming, he peeked out from under his arm, cheeks wet and eyes red, to see John frozen a few feet away. “Leave.”
“So… dinner?”
Sherlock turned white, the heat draining from his face and tears picking at his eyes. He thought Molly would be able to help, but apparently now he was going to get arrested. It turned out that he really had fucked up past the point of apologies this time. "Fuck. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to do it. I was drunk. It was an accident!"
Sherlock froze, looking at who had thrown themselves in front of John.
Sherlock stood as well, escorting her to the living room door and pushed it open for her. "Have a fantastic day. Don't forget to call."
Sherlock shrugged. This was the part where he had to lie and be completely perfect with it. "Two hours give or take. I may have gotten into a bit of trouble."
Mycroft let out a groan of horror. "That is besides the point Sherlock. He is not our parents."
John shrugged. "Sometimes."
John grinned, walking over to greet her at the door. "Hey, Molly."
John felt himself slipping further down as the clawing became more frantic, the hands tearing at his shirt, trying to pull him up. Nails left red welts where they scraped at skin as the hands finally got a hold under John's armpits and started clawing more frantically as the rain made things slippery. Bare skin exposed up to his chest where his shirt was bunched up from being pulled, slowly slipping as his arms came above his head from where the hands were desperately pulling. If at all possible, the screaming became more frantic and the hands became more desperate, clawing viciously at his skin, tearing it with sharp nails as John was pulled desperately upwards, the hands grabbing at anything that could help until finally reaching John's pants, sinking the bloody fingernails into the fabric, finally having enough of John to pull at and doing just that. The hands yanked hard, pulling him up in lurches, dragging his bare skin over the rough stone ledge and pulling his feet over the side of the building until he was rather violently thrown as far from the edge as possible where he cracked his head on the cement, everything automatically going blurry and the rain sounding like it was coming through the shittiest speaker in the world. The hands quickly came back, grabbing John's hands and dragging him away from the edge back to where his jacket was and letting go of his hands to scoop him up gently. John felt the arms cradle him softly, suddenly desperately aware of how freezing the air was and how feverish the body holding him seemed to be. It was too high to be normal and the pulse he was feeling pressed against his chest was speeding faster than what was healthy. He felt his head swimming deliriously as his eyes shifted in and out of focus, searching for the face on the person holding him, but only finding rough black wool against one cheek and sticky hair clinging to his other. There was a hand behind his head to hold him up and one on his back, the gentle pressing effectively keeping him in the dark about who had dragged him away from the edge. Instead, he pressed one of his hands against the person's neck lightly, confirming both the heat and pulse. "You're sick, you shouldn't be in the rain."
John had to keep himself from blacking out for a few more seconds, taking a few gasping breaths here or there to remind himself to breathe. “Who was it? What did they look like?”
"John?"
They ended up playing a few games, somehow resulting in John having "Madonna" taped to his head. He pursed his lips thoughtfully, staring at Sherlock. "Am I a vegetable?"
Sherlock looked up at John, quickly moving forward and offering his hand to shake. "John." He turned to the two kids, pointing first at the toddler then the teenager. "This is Samuel and Fontaine. I had to bring them with me." John couldn't help but notice Sherlock's fond look towards both of them, standing a little straighter with pride.
Mrs. Hudson was sitting in the nearby chair close to Mary and she nodded. "It was a surprise for all of us. Too bad the rumors weren't true."
"Tall?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "I will deal with your grumpy spouse later, just take my damn violin and get me a sweater."
They walked hand in hand into the kitchen where there was a pot of coffee sitting on the table, two mugs poured and waiting. "Oh. That's right. I asked John to make some coffee." She smiled handing Sherlock one of the mugs that just had plain black coffee, but he shook his head, grabbing the purple mug on the table. Smiling, he took a sip of the coffee that was practically just half sugar and milk, and made his way into the sitting room. Janine stayed in the kitchen behind him, rummaging around in the refrigerator. "Quiescent, I'm going to make you something to eat and then go to work. Okay?"
Nobody thought that there would be a person to take advantage of the moment.
Sherlock slipped from the bathroom and into his room to get dressed in his normal attire, tossing Janine her clothes that were dropped onto his bed with a smile. She padded over to him naked, kissing him gently as she buttoned his shirt slowly, wrapping her arms around his waist. He closed his eyes softly, concentrating on the lips kissing his, comparing them unconsciously to the only other lips he kissed, imaging them in front of him. Bringing his hands up and around their neck, he rested his elbows on their shoulders and kissed them leisurely, wanting the moment to last. Sherlock kissed their lips, diving deeper and licking their bottom lip to gain entrance because Sherlock wanted them. Wanted him. Wanted John. He pressed his hands against John's back, brushed his fingers against John's neck, kissed John's mouth. It was all John.
Sherlock shrugged lightly. "I… I don't know?"
Sherlock slowly slipped his arm out from under John as not to wake him, moving off of the bed inch by inch, gently. When he finally was able to stand up, he looked back down to the peaceful face of John, guilt settling hard in the pit of his stomach. He had done something horribly wrong and it terrified him immensely as he tiptoed out of the room and slipped out the door, grabbing his pants from the floor before closing the door behind him. Slipping them on, he ran into the bathroom quickly, locking the door and falling heavily next to the toilet, heaving while tears burned his eyes. There would never be forgiveness for what he had done. John would know. John would be mad. John would
Molly dropped to her knees in front of him, gently resting her hands against his shoulders. "Hey, it's okay. What are you apologizing for? You have done nothing wrong."
John nodded, somehow feeling as if he was trying to breathe through water. "Yeah. Yeah, we have that. Where should we put them?"
Sherlock looked over to his doctor who was cuddled up to his side with a sad smile. "You have a wedding ring. You're married."
John nodded, eyeing the toddler nervously. The boy had dark brown curls exactly like Sherlock's and a caramel complexion. He was three years at most, strangely articulate for someone his age despite the one mess up from earlier, so he was smart. No, he was clever. Sammy smiled at John and he felt obligated to give the boy a small wave before turning back to Sherlock. "You should go get them situated. We head out in ten minutes."
Molly nodded graciously. "Yes. Thank you."
“Sherlock I-”
Mary frowned, coming into the room and placing her hand on his arm gently. "I'm sure he's alright. I bet it's just traffic."
Sherlock sighed. "A good place is a good place. She is happy and that is good, so that means we are in a good place. We go on dates, so that means it is good too. We kiss and hug and hold hands, so that could be considered good. We have had sex, which is a completely unnecessary and rather pointless practice that Janine is fine with a lack of at most times. It's all in a good place, so obviously when you got to such a point in your relationship you proposed and you're married. With a kid. So, yes John. We are in a good place and even if I do not always know how to elaborate or take the next step into forming a relationship, I know who I want to marry and have a life with. I know my own brain and if I love someone, I know exactly who it is because I am not a child and won't be treated like one. I have had enough of that with everyone else who knows about my condition and I didn't think I would be getting it from you too."
Another man. Colin, the man Molly brought. Another caterer. Someone's mother.
Sherlock's cheeks went pink, but he grabbed John's arm gently before plucking a flower from the vase next to him to tuck it behind John's ear. "I think Mary will like it."
"You know…
“Oh, Dear. You don’t hate him. You love him.”
"You're an ass."
John looked to the ground, cheeks tinting pink. "Oh. So you are dating her?"
Sherlock huffed. “It was me John. I have been the only person up here since you left the bloody flat.”
"John." Mary frowned at him disapprovingly. "Being autistic doesn't automatically make him less capable than a child." She sighed, shaking her head slowly. "Have you asked him about it yet? Why he hid it from you?"
"Yes. Me and Janine."
John was slammed to the side, falling to the ground in shock.
“Yeah. Mhmm.”
John gently ran his fingers over his lips, pulling them into a fist he could lean his chin on. "To s-some people."
John frowned. "But just last month…"
"Okay. I get it. Everyone but me." John sighed, turning away again.
rosemary is traditionally carried by mourners at funerals. Rosemary was also often entwined into a wreath, dipped in scented water and worn by the bride on her wedding day as a symbol of love and fidelity.
"Are you...?" John cackled with laughter, leaning back in his chair and kicking his feet with the absurdity of the thought. "You know we don’t have a king?"
." John looked over his shoulder to watch his friend walk into the church, pulling the two kids over to Mrs. Hudson and talking with her quickly, pleased at the reaction. Fontaine recognized her, probably from Sherlock's funeral, giving the small lady a hug as she brushed the teen's blonde hair away from his bright blue-green eyes. Sherlock gave Mrs. Hudson a blinding smile, clapping Fontaine's shoulder and telling her something that made her jump in surprise and tear up, embracing him with pride and fussing over Fontaine while wiping away happy tears. He just looked prouder than ever, wrapping the three of them in a tight hug before slipping away and joining John at the entrance of the church, only to dodge past him and walk swiftly to the room John had just left. For the first time since Sherlock arrived, John noticed that the tall, lanky man was wearing jeans and a jumper, something he usually wouldn't be caught dead in, but he looked strangely more relaxed and happy than John had ever seen him. It was strange, something must have changed since the stag night.
