“Umm…where are we going to sleep?” Aiden walked around the house poking at all the boxes, reading some of the labels. Castiel couldn’t help but chuckle at the expression on the boy's face. Talk about a carbon copy of his father.
“I can tell you from experience, they would take you over whatever dollar amount is in your head. Those kids,
“So get this, Gabe just invited us to the roadhouse to eat when we get back. Think you’re up to it?” Dean was so deep in his own thoughts he didn’t hear a word Sam had said. “Dean!”
Castiel plopped down in the seat across from Dean, he wasn’t sure if it was him coming down from the adrenaline rush of last night and this morning or his shock at the audacity of the man in front of him.
Aiden went through his day as normal. Get up eat breakfast. Somebody would take him and Claire to summer camp, and well now school. Get picked up. Uncle Sam makes dinner and puts him to bed.
Dean walked in the house floating high in the clouds. He was beyond excited to be home before the sun went down. The meeting with the police chief had gone amazingly well. Apparently, he had fixed a car for the police chiefs son-in-law and had done such a good job between the car and customer service that on his recommendation alone they decided to give the shop the contract to fix all the police cruisers for the city.  Yea it would mean more work, but it was a sign that he was doing something right. He'd hire a few more people and it would all work out.
He directed the question to Missouri as he could tell the family of three were in their own little world for the time being and he would not be the one to disturb them.
“So Castiel looking at your file it tells me that although you have a husband and children, it was a nurse that brought you here, a Ms. Ellen?”
The next morning wasn’t the greatest. Hungover or not the kids still needed to get up for school. Castiel went through the motions, more numb from heartache than hurt from the hangover or the heartbreak.
We both know how he’d take it. I can’t do that to him, but I can’t stand by for much longer and let him hurt the children.”
By the time his eyes finally focused on what was in front of him he realized it was Aiden who was in his lap. Aiden had his hands on either side of his face telling him not to cry and that it would be okay. Claire was also bundled around his legs trying to force him to hold her teddy. When he became fully functional again he wrapped his arms around his children and cried even harder. He never wanted them to feel like they weren’t loved. Both Cas and he loved these children with every fiber of their being and beyond that.
“Well, Cas….I guess you’re just gonna have to be like the smartest character in the Harry Potter books and kick it in the ass like Hermione.” Charlie giggled at her statement, this was always an argument between them. She always sided with Hermione and he always said Neville was underappreciated for all he did. The distraction was exactly what her friend needed and even though Cas knew exactly what she was doing. He couldn’t help but be drawn in and away from his own destructive thoughts.
Dean had been tense ever since the word transplant had been uttered. Cas laid across the couch and watched his husband fuss around in the kitchen making a dinner neither one of them were going to eat. Cas knew this was a way for Dean to work things out in his head before he was ready to talk.
“Hey red, our plans are being moved up can you have it all at Cas & Deans place by tomorrow afternoon? – Perfect. We need to be set up before they get back”
Dean walked into the kitchen to see both children were dressed, Claire's hair had been pinned back by a few butterfly clips and they were both eating waffles from the toaster. Their jackets were on the backs of their chairs, backpacks on the floor next to them. “Wow, buddy looks like you’ve got everything covered. I see Claires’ lunch, did you pack one for yourself too?” Aiden didn’t answer, Dean might as well have been talking to the wall. Dean shuffled towards the coffee machine; caffeine was the only way he was going to catch up this morning.
“Look Cas I know sometimes I do stupid things like this morning. I hoped that I could, I don’t know... spend a day with all of you but I went about it the wrong way.” Dean took a deep breath this was obviously a rehearsed speech, probably with a little coaching from Sam, but Cas let him continue.
Castiel turned and glared attempting to burn a hole through his brothers face “Gabriel, if you’re going to interrupt, you could at least be...”
Sam rushed into Dean’s bedroom dragging Gabe with him. Lisa was just starting to wake up. Sam grabbed her pants threw them at her and told her to put them on. His tone left no room for argument.
“Hey, Missouri Sam and I are just on our way to visit Cas. It feels like it's been so long since I’ve seen him.” Sam rolled his eyes, its only been about 4 days since Jess was able to visit Castiel and baby him. “Well don’t let me hold you up, go on and share the good news with him, it’ll brighten his day.” Missouri just winked and walked away.
“So Sam, what has got you so antsy?” Castiels eyes shifted between the two and before the words could even get out of Sams’ mouth, the smile on Jessica’s face gave the secret away. “Oh my god you’re pregnant!!!” Jess jumped up and wrapped Cas in a big hug practically climbing into his lap. Sam came around and engulfed both of them with his moose arms. “I’m so happy for the two of you!! So am I the first to find out?” Cas had his suspicions but he needed it confirmed so he didn’t accidentally spill the beans.
“Alright, are you kidding me with those eyes, Sammy. Let’s start with what we do know about omega runs and we’ll make a plan from there.” Dean and Sam spent all night coming up with a plan that could possibly save Castiel's life or at least buy him a few more years before he was claimed.
he followed her instructions to the letter. She claimed to be doing him a favor by allowing him to wear shorts and shoes, she took a small pleasure in reminding him that she
Sam sat up and went to the kitchen for coffee and another one of those treats Gabriel made him last night.
“None of what you said is true.” Castiel turned his entire body towards his best friend. Taking a deep breath, he grabbed Deans hands forcing him to also turn his body.
Dean and Sam sat across from each other at the dining room table after putting the kids to bed. Neither really knew what to say. Both feeling guilty beyond measure. Dean knew all of this was on him. If he’d just been a better husband and better provider; then none of this would have happened. Sam knew it was his fault for not seeing the signs. It was almost textbook red flags that he ignored because of what? He was so self-absorbed that he helped Castiel break away from the world without actually noticing what was happening right in front of him with each new piece of paperwork that he filed.
“And there's the rage…put it all in the bag angel.” Pam started calling him by the nickname after their second session. She said he had unleashed god-like wrath on her
As Dean walked back to the car with a basically catatonic child in his arms he was confused and lost. He didn’t have a clue where to start, as much as Aiden was like his shadow the amount of time he’s spent away has meant that he didn’t know the intricacies of dealing with his not so good days. This was more of Castiels territory.
Cas took a deep breath, the emotions he’d buried so deep were trying to surface. He’d been numb for so long now.
The next couple days Dean spent some time out by the lake to think. For some reason, Cas seemed like less of a kid now. Maybe it was because he’d presented maybe it was something else.
“Everything alright Dean?” Castiel strolled up next to Dean holding both of their duffle bags slung over his shoulder. That good old alpha strength, those bags might as well have been filled with air.
Dean walked in the door ready to grovel for his childish behavior but he didn’t see Cas on the couch. Dean went looking for him he came around the corner to see his husbands lifeless body on the steps.
approach is not what you need, what you need is someone that can give you alternative ways to vent the emotions you’ve bottled up for so long.” Castiel didn’t really understand what she meant but he did relax enough to finally take a spot on the couch opposite her.
Gabriel, unknown to Castiel had spiked the drink Castiel ordered. A little liquid courage would help him unwind and get him to spill his guts uncontrolled. “So what are we doing this time, denial that he wants you or denial that you want him?” It wasn’t the first time he’d heard it. Right after Dean moved in Gabriel had to deal with a drunken Castiel waxing poetic about
Castiel watched Dean walk back out of the room, trailing behind him just enough to dream about what could be...
“Please tell me you feel the same.” The hopeful look in Castiels eyes turned to pure joy as Dean smiled. “Yes.”
“Right this way you two. Enjoy your dinner.” She sat them at a table away from everyone and walked away.
“Well that just sounds like so much fun, you really love school don’t you Claire. Can you tell me about your house? What's it like at home?” Missouri was steering the questions towards the real subject matter and Deans' heart rate picked up with every second. Claire talked about camping in the backyard at their old house, loving having her own room so she didn’t have to share with boys.  Both adults had to chuckle at that.
It didn’t matter what the children looked like, what mattered is that every day it was Dean who would walk through the door and yell “Honey I’m home!!” Castiel couldn’t help but imagine him covered in oil and grease from a hard day at the garage. Deans bright smile directed at him as Dean would saunter over and kiss him. That’s where the dreams always ended.
“Well Aiden, I was thinking that setting up our tent in the back yard. What do you think about that buddy?” Castiel hoped this wouldn’t upset his son too much. Aiden was all about his routine and good lord help them if his routine was thrown off too much, that boy became a holy terror.
Dean was so lost in his own fantasy that he hadn’t noticed Cas wasn’t even standing in front of him anymore, but had moved to the couch and was asking about his day. Thank goodness for that because the kitchen was slowly being taken over by omega arousal instead of the dessert in the oven.
After hanging up Castiel sat on the couch staring at his phone dumbfounded. That was not the mother he’d grown up with, but whatever made her this relaxed and genuine he hoped it never went away.
“You, my handsome husband have a deal” Dean shuffled over and wrapped his arms around Castiels waist tucking his head into his neck.
“I know Sammy. I know, I’ll explain it all I swear, just not now. Here tonight can be on me.” Dean pushed $40 into Sams' hands and hurried back inside to open the windows. Dean could only pray that he could get rid of the scent completely before Castiel realized who it belonged to and that it was most definitely not Gabriel.
The actual graduation, Castiel went through in a haze. He couldn’t tell you who the guest speaker was, if anybody tripped or if anything crazy happened. He was so focused on what was to come afterward. One moment he did remember was walking across that stage and hearing his parents and Dean cheer despite being told to hold their applause.
That hurt, Aidan had been like his partner in crime for everything since he was an infant. He may look like Cas, but the two of them were attached at the hip. Maybe he needed to think about some things when he got back to his room.
“Alright, snowman it’s time to melt you down and get my little girl back.” Castiel held Claire out in front of him so he didn’t get any of the shaving cream on him. Sitting Claire down in the tub, Castiel started the warm water, Claire immediately started smacking her hands in it, getting water everywhere. Usually, he would discipline her and explain that it's not proper bathtub etiquette, but this time Castiel decided to cherish the moment. He sat on the tile floor, back against the wall and really looked at his daughter. He looked at the ringlets in her bright blonde hair, the dimple in her smile. He took notice of how her fingers would bend forming her hand into a cup right before it hit the water for a maximum splash.
“I wasn’t going to…okay yes I was, I don’t want to make Dean uncomfortable in his own home.” Castiel hadn’t even let himself think about the scent of omega arousal that had answered his own that night.
“Look, I don’t do chick flick moments, Cas knows that. He knows how I feel, I mean I shouldn’t have to get all touchy-feely for it. Anyway, there’s no rule that says I have to make all the big gestures in the relationship. If he wants something more, he should say something, ya know?” Dean shrugged while he tried to justify his position of non-action.
“okay, so what kind of questions do you guys have for these two? You know its going to take practically a miracle to make this work.” Sam grabbed the cards out of Charlies hands and started thumbing through them. He was genuinely surprised. These were well thought out, non-vulgar and tricky questions. It just might work.
?” The wheels were already beginning to turn in Gabriel's head. “Yea…..now that I think about it, kidnapping and tying them up till they talked does seem a bit extreme.” Charlie finally chimed in. “and as Sam pointed out, also illegal.”
The big night was upon them, and Dean's heart was pounding from the moment he picked Cas up for their date.
“Dean I can tell you everything I know about what is wrong with Cas, I’ve been researching. I put him in contact with one of the top specialists in the country, he owed me a favor from back in college so it's all pro bono.” Sam started thumbing through the stack of books on his desk, any and every treatment that had to do with the kidneys, a case study file was spread across his desk. If my research is right, we caught it early meaning this isn’t a death sentence, we can get Cas through this. As with any serious illness, the key to survival and recovery is the mentality.”
The two-day drive happened and ended with Castiel on autopilot. Normally, he would have made the trip last a week. Sam would meet the moving truck at the new house so that they could unload, and he would turn into what Dean always called a ‘true road trip’. Walking into the new home Castiel almost felt…numb. This house was everything that the kids wanted. They were close to the water, Sam was nearby meaning his dog Bones was always a willing playmate. Most important, by getting there early meant that he could sign his updated will just that much sooner. It would all be over soon
“……..Dean? Look, I’m worried about Castiel and I’m worried about you. I know how you get. Just, call him, this is clearly a miss understanding and the longer you let this be, the worse it will get. if you can get home or to the west coast in the next few days. I know you only have 2 weeks left. Maybe they’ll let you out of your contract early.”
Then ran off to play with his little brother in their yard“ Castiel answered the question without looking over at his counterpart. He highly doubted that Dean even remembered that day.
He could only hope Cas understood and no one else read the note or the plan would be over before it started and he and Dean would be in a world of trouble. Sam decided to stay for the entire run to make sure they were successful.
“Alright everyone please go make a trip to the cafeteria and let me check over my patient. You too Dean.” Cain stepped up to the other side of the bed and began checking vitals. Everyone either waved or tapped Castiels feet before they walked out of the room. As if they needed the concrete proof that he was still alive. Dean looked like he couldn’t manage to let go, eventually, Jess and Charlie walked up to him on either side and walked him out the door.
Claire watched her brother run out of the room with a confused look on her face.” What's wrong with him Papa?” Castiel pat the bed next to him and helped her climb up and settle.
“He’s sick, Cas is sick, and there's nothing I can do about it!!! I'm pissed that he didn’t tell me and I want to yell at him, but you don’t yell at people who are sick!”  Dean was somewhere between anger and despair. He held it together for the entire trip, staying strong for his husband but something in him shattered the second they walked in that door. What if one day I come home alone because Cas doesn’t make it? The thought had been on loop all night.
“Morning boss!!” Charlie was her normal ball of energy, but even with a truckload of coffee Dean couldn’t fathom how anybody could be so happy in the morning.  “Hey Charlie, what’s our schedule looking like for today?” Dean shuffled past her placing the box of baked goods on the desk behind her so everyone could see it when they walked in. Charlie started going over the not too bad schedule, Dean was somewhat listening as he placed his jacket and bag in his office, starting up his computer to get a visual of who’s working today and read along with Charlies’ list of the days' tasks.
“Dean you’re rambling.” Cas put a finger over Deans lips to stop him from talking. It was obvious that he was nervous but Cas couldn’t figure out why just yet.
Dean sat in silence, Castiel was truly leaving him, leaving behind the dream home they had together, moving to a new place where there would be no memories of Dean.
Castiel had decided that he was clearly an option for everyone, an accessory. Yes, he could admit that people might have liked having him around, but no one really needed him. He didn’t feel like him leaving did anything more than free up time in a persons life for another acquaintance to step in. He wouldn’t be missed. The kids would fare better in Sams care. He had a more stable living condition, the intelligence to mentally battle Aiden as well as the physical stamina needed to keep up with Claire.
The day at Hershey Park was tainted, every funnel cake Dean bit into tasted of regret, every rollercoaster ride just felt…empty. Dean knew exactly what,
“Dean where on earth did you get these?” Charlie sat up trying to decide which flavor she would sample first. “For a man that says he’s all about the classics, you certainly keep up with the trends when it comes to food.” Charlie giggled mid-bite. “Oh my god!! So good!!” Charlie looked for the emblem on the side of the box, she had to pick up her own from now on, one was not going to be enough.
“Well Castiel, as your doctor I’m allowed to make executive decisions for you during surgery, especially when I deem the surgery unnecessary. As your friend, I have grown quite fond of having you around as many people are.” Cain spent the next half hour explaining how Cas was now part of an experimental study where only the bad parts of his kidneys had been removed and the remaining functioning parts were completed using the 3D printed organic material. Which if all went according to plan, would mean with some changes to his diet, he could make a full recovery and no more dialysis.
Sams' eyes started to trail around the room, he went from the machines to the small tv in the corner, some flowers that had been brought by and down to his hands in his lap, anything but Cas for what he was about to say. “So uh, you know with your blood type you can receive a donation from practically anybody right? It’s the tissue typing that’s making it take a while.” Sams eyes locked on to the tv, Dr. Sexy reruns, he couldn’t help but chuckle. It was like Dean was around even when he wasn't.
Castiels book of candy designs continued to grow as he continued in his unique therapy sessions. He branched out from essential and easily recognized animals to flowers. Pam believed this is where his true forté lay. The rare flowers he used to express his daily emotions spanned from the most basic to the rarest on the planet. Castiel knew the meaning behind most flowers and the meaning behind those that he didn’t know ere easily explained using the book Pam provided for him. She used his journal and his drawings as a way to access his innermost thoughts. Quite tricky on her part as most times Castiel would choose flowers that fit his mental state at the time to design his latest sugar creation around.
“Dean come on open the door, I know you’re still in there.” Dean let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding, it was only Sam. Glad that he didn’t have to face Cas just yet, he let his moose of a brother in his room. “What’s up Sammy, where’s the fire?” Dean tried to put up a front but his brother saw right through it. “Cut the crap Dean, I don’t know what that was last night but you and Cas need to talk it out.” Sam paced back and forth in the room, it looked almost as if he was talking to himself.
For all of these moments, Castiel couldn’t help but notice how many of them did not have Dean in them.
“Dean before we move on to our last stop. We need to talk. Castiel started to fidget, all of a sudden the speech he’d rehearsed over and over seemed to be erased from his memory. While Castiel struggled to find the words he realized Dean was slowly freaking out. “Dean, whatever you’re thinking or worried about I can reassure you that there’s no reason to worry. I mean unless you don’t…” Castiel couldn’t bring himself to say the words out loud.
“Son if those two don’t end up mated, then I’ll give you every penny in my savings. You come find me when those two decide they need some alone time. Nothing like a beautiful piece of eye candy while I enjoy watching the world go by. She stood up patting Sam on the arm and strolled away.
He was done pretending that he wasn’t a complete sap for the blue-eyed boy that slid into his heart years ago. “Cas, I don’t know about you but, I don’t think there's anyone else out there for me. I think you’re my mate. I know you deserve a better alpha but if you give me a chance…” Dean mumbled the words afraid of the reaction he might see on Cas' face. “Dean, I can’t think of a better person, a better alpha than you. For the last couple of years, you’ve risked your life to save mine, if that doesn’t prove your worth I don’t know what else possibly could.” Cas was very candid and open with his words.
“Yes well, I’ve decided to give you another opportunity.” Lisa stood and pushed Dean up against the counter silencing him once again with a kiss. Lost in the kiss Dean grabbed Lisa by her thighs, she jumped up and wrapped her legs around his waist. They spun, and he sat her on the counter next to the ingredients for the pb&j cookies that would never be made.
“Just hear me out, having more people means more drivers. More people to spread the costs around and just you know maybe even….bond with……. I mean as friends” Sam knew he wasn’t being subtle about it, at least he didn’t think he was.
Cas walked back to his bedroom to change. Whatever Gabe was wearing was vaguely familiar, he’d smelled it elsewhere but it wasn’t worth his time to figure out where right now. His favorite soup was waiting for him in the kitchen and there was a crumble he’d finish if it killed him. He didn’t mind what he was wearing but he wanted to fully enjoy the soup and he could only enjoy comfort food like that in his comfy clothes.
“You and I both know there are a multitude of conversations that need to be had, but I’m going to do you a favor and send everyone home. Your vitals are great, you are responding to the treatment well. You’re on your way to recovery.” Cain turned to walk to the door only then realizing that Dr. Loki had been standing there the entire time. He didn't utter a word, he wasn't even eating candy, he locked eyes with Castiel nodded his head and walked out.
“Look Cas can handle me being gone, he’s done it before, and Claire was barely a month old. This is probably a cakewalk to him.”
This wasn’t the first time he’d seen Miss Missouri’s office, they had been along for the ride before to drop daddy off and then they usually went to the park so he didn’t know why all of a sudden the adults were acting weird until he was being pulled out of seat along with his sister and being brought inside.
This chapter was particularly hard to write. SO many emotions and so much to unwrap in a small amount of time. I'm sorry its been a while since I updated. I hope somebody out there is still reading.
Pulling out some of his new wardrobe Cas decide to wear some black jeans and a button up. The shirt was not new, but it was one of his favorites, so he was not letting go of it no matter how many times Gabriel told him he needed to loosen up. Castiel had resolved that he would enjoy spring break for what it was and not push his luck when it came to Dean.
“Sam.” Castiel walked up from behind him. Looking mountains better than the last time he’d seen him. Honestly the fact that Castiel was up and walking on his own was a vast improvement.
“Gabe, why are you here? What's going on?” Dean walked over to Gabe while he was cracking open windows and lighting candles around the living room. “Well…” Gabe peaked around Dean to make sure Sam wasn’t listening. “I plan on taking my date home after we go out to dinner and I can't very well do that if Cas is laying on my couch now can I? That means I’ve got to get rid of any sign of your latest hookup.
“Sam, there's no new special way to interpret a call from yet another moving company. We get the same call every time he signs a new contract. I gave him his options. He’s made his choice. Now he’s going to have to live with it.” Castiels voice betrayed him towards the end of his statement. He’d been thinking on it all day, but it was only in that moment, saying it out loud that Castiel really internalized that Dean, the man he loved. Had chosen the job over him. Had chosen the job over their family, over their children.
“You know that means she’s up to something papa.” Aiden gave his two cents on the matter before closing the door to his room, sleeping bag in hand.
“Wooo!!! I’ve got my very own alpha moose!!” Gabriel wrapped his legs around Sams' torso and began bucking his hips as if he was riding a horse with one hand in the air spinning an imaginary lasso.
“No one tells me no Dean, no one. I thought you knew that.” Ramiel reached into the inside pocket of his blazer and pulled out the contract that Dean had refused to sign before. “This can go one of two ways, you can sign it now and I will forgive this…..tantrum, for a fee of course. Or I can show you the true extent of my knowledge of pain, after which you sign it with your broken fingers.” Dean glared at the man that had once been his mentor, someone he aspired to become. “I will tell you, Dean, in full disclosure, if you force my hand, those you care about will suffer most.” Ramiel lifted his cell phone and showed him a CCTV video recording of Aiden and Claire at camp. ” Cute things aren’t they, it’s a shame how fragile life is at that age.”
Dean tried to stay reassuring to the kids and keep up a positive front that Missouri just wanted to talk to the kids. They could tell her about anything they wanted to talk about. The kids stayed in the room with Dean while Missouri spoke with him. She was taking many things into consideration while they talked. How the kids interacted with the new environment, how they interacted with each other, and how they acted towards Dean. So many psychological things could present themselves subconsciously in a child's behavior. She was able to establish a baseline without having to say much to them at first.
“Cas, just before you do something drastic, sleep on it. Talk to him, force him to listen. I’m sure if Dean realizes what he stands to lose he’ll be on the next flight out even without his Xanax just to get back to you.”
“I’m not in love with him, and it would do you well to mind your business, I haven’t said anything about how you stare at his brother as a favor, don’t make me change my mind.”
“Cas? What are you doing here?” Dean barely got the words out before the sounds of locks clicking echoed through the now empty building.
“Dean? Please tell me I don’t recognize that scent.” Sam walked out of the kitchen with a bag of chips and an angry and concerned look on his face. “Tell me you didn’t do what I think you did and especially not with
“Alright then, I believe you met my associate, Dr. Loki, already? He will be assisting. Let’s get this show on the road.” Cain walked over taking the locks off of the wheels on Cas bed and wheeled him out of the room.
“D--Dean?” Castiel tried talking. His voice was rougher than usual. Dean had been here. Dean had seen how pathetic he had been. Dean had decided he wasn’t worth sticking around. Castiels spiraling thoughts must have been broadcast across his face.
“Castiel that’s not all, I’ve also got a position at Lafitte Restorations right after graduation!” After adding this little bit Dean found himself being carried towards their bedroom. Castiels scent was radiating pride, love, lust, and
The information that she found wasn’t much and it wasn’t too promising, but it was something. She had found police records, records from juvenile detention and records from a mental institution.
“Castiel? I’m just gonna call you Cas cause that’s a lot.” Dean didn’t even notice Castiel's’ eye roll this time around.
“Yes, Papa lets add it to my clection!!!” Castiel couldn’t help but giggle. “You mean collection sweetheart.” Castiel repeated the last word slowly so that Claire could learn the correct pronunciation.
She was sworn to secrecy but watching Dean fall apart in front of her eyes broke her resolve. She couldn’t let him fall apart like this, knowing the only reason Cas kept him in the dark was a failed attempt to keep from stressing him.
“Hey bro, who kicked your puppy?” Gabriel noticed the slump in his shoulders and sad disposition. Castiel shook his head, walked in and claimed a booth for them all. Glancing over at Charlie as she rolled her eyes. “Casanova here, turned down a trip to Cabo with Daphne because he is still pining away after a
“He’s not dying, at least from what he’s told me he is not dying. What I do know is that Sam apparently somehow went to school with the best specialist in the country, and the guy is doing this as a favor and completely pro bono so…he will be fine.” Charlie decided to finally sit in the chair beside Deans desk.
Castiels mind started to drift back to those old teenage ways, how he’d considered ending it all so many times before. No one but his sister knows and even she didn’t take him seriously. She took the knowledge and used it to make fun of him.
“So guys its only the beginning of the week, what do you say we pick something fun for dinner tonight?” Cas kept a smile on his face in spite of the pain he was feeling. It hadn’t been the greatest of days. He’d been awake since 2 am because Dean forgot about the time difference again and called just to say hi.
about those sorts of things. He was still only in college. There was plenty of time for all of that.
One-minute Cas would be sad beyond despair. Thinking about all the ways he had deserved the treatment he’d gotten from Dean, how he clearly didn’t rate better and it was somehow his fault and he just needed to be happy that Dean wanted to be with him in any capacity.
“ and what Cas? Whats wrong, what has you flying off for the weekend to see a specialist? Charlie only told me because I went to work this morning heartbroken convinced that you were cheating on me. I heard you talking on the phone this morning.“ Deans voice carried a little more conviction, he needed to know and he needed to know how he could help.
Charlie sent a text to Gabriel saying she had Cas and was going to take him with her to the mall while he handled the issue back at the apartment.
Dean sat on the bed and stared at the cell phone in his hands. He wanted to call his husband, hear his voice, tell him he loved him. This mission, what he hoped was his last mission was going to be dangerous. Normally, he wouldn’t call until after he was done and that call usually went to Sam who had creepy accuracy when it came to guessing his actual location regardless of what the caller ID did or didn’t say.
“Just a few threats that I’m sure he has no problem following through on should he deem it necessary. So what brings you around this time?”
Dean looked around the place and realized he had some work to do. He began opening windows to get rid of any lingering scents, changed out the sheets on his bed and before he knew it, he was deep cleaning the entire place. Dean moved around like it was a choreographed dance, there was an apple and cranberry crumble baking in the oven, hardy loaded baked potato soup in the crock pot and the beginnings of peanut butter and jelly cookies waiting to go in the oven. The fact that these three foods were among the top of his Castiels list of favorites, the exact reason he was making them. Together or not, Dean was going to take care of Cas like a mate until the day he was pushed away for another.
Dean brushed the crumbs from his mouth and hands. More curious about what was under the remaining lids.
“Thank goodness its Friday then, I usually let the kids stay up late and since you’re here you can be the one to get soaked giving them a bath. I’m going to take a long hot shower. We can all stay up and watch a movie together afterward”
“Wrong Winchester” Cas simply winked as he walked out of the room to enjoy the rest of his graduation party.
“Dean, have you checked out the brochure to this place?” Sam followed behind his brother on the way to their rooms. He looked like an overgrown puppy he was so excited. “They have horses!! There’s a fire pit in the back that we can use and..”
“So…I’m not taking you back to your house, we both know you’d only get in your precious baby and go harass the people at the shop and they don’t need that.” Jess glanced over at Dean. She knew he wasn’t really listening but she had to fill the silence.
“What’s up buttercup. You’re sending out all kinds of confusing vibes. So spill” Charlie dropped down into the booth next to Dean who was radiating anxiety and nerves. They’d agreed to meet up for lunch and just hang out. There was so much going on in life, and he didn’t want her to feel like he didn’t care. Charlie was basically like the annoying little sister he didn’t ask for but she’d wormed her way into his heart and he wasn’t letting her go.
He was clearly in his own personal heaven, and he wasn’t going to ruin it. But the details ruined it for him. Aiden picked a donut and didn’t complain about the symmetry of toppings. Claire picked a donut with only powdered sugar, not her usual raspberry, and lemon, and Dean didn’t get a donut at all.
The week caps off with a crappy start to Friday morning. Castiel woke up 3 hours before his already stupid early alarm. Why was he awake? Nightmares, he had them every time Dean went off to foreign worlds to work his negotiation magic. Todays nightmare? Dean being blown up in a case of wrong place, wrong time.  Realizing that going back to sleep he laid there staring at the ceiling. Not much really going through his mind, just the daily plan.
“So what did loverboy have to say?” Gabriel popped a sucker in his mouth as he strolled alongside Castiel.
“I wont take up your time, I was just hoping that I’d get to see you for dinner tonight. I could make burgers…… maybe if I have enough time a pie.” Cas tried to keep his expectations low, no point in getting his hopes up for them just to be shot down.
“Oh…I forgot to tell you that your boy-crush comes sometimes too.” Gabe pulled Castiel back into reality and broke his jaw dropped stare.
Deans been a jerk lately. Working extra-long hours at the shop after Bobby took some time off for his back to heal which somehow turned into permanent retirement. Ellens’ tough love won out over his gruff stubbornness. She made it clear there was no room for argument after this most recent accident and injury Bobby was not to move one foot without her say so.
Castiel went to his room that night with a lot on his mind. So many things…so many different ways to interpret it all. The day was long enough without being dragged out by Charlie and her shopping extravaganza. Dean had made sure that he was coming home for dinner, was that so he knew how much to cook? Did he plan to have dinner with someone else? The soup was his favorite, but Dean likes it just as much.
After some research, a little bit of luck and a lot of begging. Sam found what possibly could be the ONLY person that could provide Dean with the help he needed in a professional capacity. A Mrs. Mosely, weirdly enough she had been an old neighbor of Sam and Deans at some point during their moving around as children. Sam picked this woman for Dean after one phone call. She was clearly motherly enough to get Dean to lower his guard but still tough and stubborn enough to get Dean to actually talk about what was going on either in his head or in reality. In his head Dean had already decided that he wasn’t good enough, he wasn’t smart enough to do anything but what he was doing nor was he capable of providing for his family on the same scale.
Dean sat through Castiels practice runs about four times before he sat him down on the couch. Poor alpha was about to give himself an ulcer with all of his stress and worry. The anxious scent put Dean on edge, he had to fix it. The omega within him pushing him to comfort and soothe.
“Well, mom I’m calling because I wanted to tell you that I found the omega I want to settle down with and I wanted to tell you before you heard it from somewhere else.”
It was only then that Castiel started to realize that things weren’t quite right. Little things were off. Like the sand didn’t actually stick to his feet. He never needed to reapply sunscreen to the kids, yet they had been out there all day.
“If I get time after this case I’m going to take some time off and go help him with the kids. You know
“Yes, now my question I want you to think about is this. Why did you trust her more than your husband….Dean?” Pam sat her notebook back on her desk and helped him with his gloves. She constantly did things like this. Leave a floating question in the air, one that would get him worked up. One that would lead to him having word vomit and flow of emotions he didn’t know what to do with.
“Why should I help you?” Gabriel was going to help his brother anyway that he could, but he was more curious as to what had happened in the last 24-hrs that required penance.
“Ellen I don’t want any visitors.” Castiel didn’t even look up at the guilt-ridden brothers standing at the door.
“Way to go Cassie!! Aww, why did you cut it off? It was just getting good.” Gabriel had propped his feet up on the desk and had pulled a back of popcorn magically from the air.
“A chance? A chance for what? To get humiliated and raped in the woods? Thanks a lot, Gabe.” Cas barely could hold back his anger. The only thing that kept him from running away was not wanting to say goodbye to his best friend Sam.
Dean had decided that there was no more chance for them to reconcile. He was clearly everything that he had been trying to avoid being. He was just as destructive and poisonous as he had believed deep in his heart. The proof was right in front of him. Somewhere in during his moment of realizations, Castiel had turned towards him slowly stepping closer with each deep cutting word. A nurse came in and grabbed him before he could get too close and hauled him out the door, still yelling.
A little more research and firewall breaking, she found a name of one person in his birth family, Lucifer Shurley.
“This is Dr. Winchester..” Sam was slightly hopeful it was the specialist he put Cas in contact with.
“That is very kind of you Hannah, but I must decline I already have plans.” Castiel did not think it was necessary to inform her that his ‘plans’ were going home to see what Dean had been so mysterious about cooking.
“Yes Dean, I’ve been thinking about it too.” Cas slowly placed his hand on Deans cheek, pulling him into the gentle kiss. Wanting a certain alpha was dangerous, that only gave him one more thing to lose if this plan ever fell apart.
In an easily more calm voice, “ I’ve drawn a few more candy designs. Clearly, when I go back to work I’m going to have to apprentice in sugar pulling. Even I might not be able to accomplish some of the flowers that I dream of doing.” Castiel moved into the downward dog position thinking of his latest drawing of a lotus flower. It’s a flower used to represent new beginnings, a rebirth if you will, in reds and oranges, the colors of passion. Castiel couldn’t help but be optimistic about what the future possibly held for him and his family.
“I’ll make an effort to not let it happen again.” Dean Suddenly found his fingernails interesting. Picking at them as he always did when he was nervous or uncomfortable.
“I don’t want to think about it, he’s not interested in….he deserves more than me.” Castiel wouldn’t say the name. “He’s also made it clear that he will not date men so even if I were to admit that I may possibly harbor any amorous feelings towards a certain omega, it’s a moot point.” The little car pulled into the parking lot where Gabe was waiting outside.
Dean wasn’t so sure about moving into a house. He loved their apartment, it’s been home for him for the last few years. The idea of leaving behind all of the memories unsettled something within him.
“Hey Cas, I missed you last night. I got home with some good news about the shop and you weren’t here.” Dean tried to sound inconspicuous, but he couldn’t help but wonder if his husband had been out on a date.
“You’ve been talking to Charlie. What exactly prompted such a conversation.” Not that Cas didn’t appreciate the new attention being given, he just knew his best friend, she had to fix things, always.
“Relax Sam, the doors aren’t actually locked, but they are booby trapped.” Charlie went on to explain that there were speakers all around the roadhouse to make the sound effects believable. “They can walk out anytime they like. The better question is why haven’t they tried?”
The two of them sat in a comfortable silence watching the rest of the documentary and finishing their treats. “All right, now don’t tell Jess you got it from me, but it’s a boy. They’re going to tell everyone over dinner tomorrow, so act surprised when they announce it.” Jess had already told Cas, she just couldn’t hold on to the secret anymore and had to tell someone. She’d even told him the name they chose, but that…that he had to let be the real surprise.
This Dr. Barnes or Pan as she preferred to be called was hard to get used to but her unconventional methods seemed to be working. Instead of having Cas sit still on a couch and contemplate every thought in silence, she never let him sit still.
“Oh, you’re ready to finish signing then? Good, you only need one final signature and date at the bottom since you’ve filled in everything else already.” Mr. Pravus opened the bottom drawer of his desk and pulled out the contract that Dean had previously filled in with all of his demands.
“Hey… yea it's me…I need a favor.” Ellen started trying to cash in every favor she had with anyone she knew who worked at the facility. Nothing was too much.
“well, you won't tell me. Also, have you seen us? If there is a girl in there, she’s gonna be so beautiful the birds will sing with her. It’ll be awesome.”
“I’m going to make a toast. To Castiel and Dean the newly mated couple. May they have many gorgeous grandbabies for me to spoil.” Chuck couldn’t help but groan.
“Don’t worry about it Samsquatch, I’ve got it all taken care of. You said you were only giving me this one chance, so I left nothing to chance.”
“Better deal Dean-o, he’ll delete the video, if you take him out on a date.” Gabriel inserted himself into the negotiation. The second Gabe’s offer was mentioned, Castiel couldn’t stop the blush on his cheeks.
“Thanks but I gotta go, Dean will be here any minute, and I’d rather not be discussing this when he walks in.
“Cas would you like to go with us?” The words rushed out so fast, Cas almost couldn’t understand. When he finally put the jumble together he couldn’t help the gummy smile that took over his face
“That’s what people say isn’t it? I can’t very well say I’m sure I’m circling the drain because my kidneys hate me and they’ll never find a donor to match me.” Anger and pain were laced in every word. This, the one and only time he spoke his fear out loud, to the one friend he knew wouldn’t think he’d gone off the deep end.
“Sam, are you telling me that we should put our hypothetical children, that we aren’t ready to have, above the life of a man that literally is the reason Dean is alive?” Jess knew that was a low blow, they all knew how Dean and Cas initially met. No one discussed that point beyond recognizing how Dean practically began to glow.
“Dean?” Cas tapped on the door to Deans room. There was no response and when he pushed open the door he realized that Dean wasn’t even home. The aftermath of Deans date preparation tornado with which he had so long ago gotten familiar. There were shirts thrown across the bed, different pants piled in front of his closet and his hair gel which he so adamantly denied his use of, was left, top off in front of his floor length mirror that hung on the back of his closet door.
His body moving on autopilot, he plopped down on the floor in between the kids. Claire immediately claimed his lap.
Castiel thought about asking why they were sugar high in the first place but he decided to let it be. The kids were clean, fed, and nothing was broken. In a small house with twin 5-year-olds, he decided not to push his luck.
that did it ya know……” Charlie called out over her shoulder as she picked up her jacket before heading for the door.
Castiel glanced out the window on Aidan’s side, there were a number of things that he could have chosen but he had to think more logical and less randomly. His eyes scanned the landscape.
“I don’t know what you’re thinking but what I do know is that you’re wrong. So you have a problem how are we going to fix it, Winchester?” Charlie pulled out her cell phone while she gave Dean time to think
20 minutes later Castiel was laid out across the couch with his head in Deans lap. Dean raked his fingers through his hair, using his nails to scratch at Castiels scalp. Castiel was practically purring by the time he really needed to get dressed and head out the door.
To Sam and everyone around them it was so obvious how they both pined for each other. Neither believing that the other could ever actually be interested. Dean still had issues about being an omega because of all the hateful things their father used to say. Castiel being the peaceful and quiet alpha that he was made him less-than in the eyes of his family and therefore had so many self-confidence issues the two of them could right a book.“I know for a fact, that Cas is not working over break and has no plans, Dean.” Sam stood up aimed once again for the map.
Suddenly in the hot seat, Gabe squirmed but answered honestly. Satisfied with his answers, Charlie let the conversation lean back to their scheming.
It’s better to have everything out in the open so no one would get hurt in the long run. Sam never thought he would find a possible mate this soon, but he wasn’t mad about it. Something about Gabriel being his polar opposite made them work together so perfectly. Nevermind the fact that Charlie had already gifted them with a couples name.
“Well, how about a party? You guys always have barbecues and it has been a while since you had one so it won’t seem too out of the ordinary and no one's going to suspect a thing.” Castiel let the suggestion roll around in their minds. “Two weeks from now is a holiday weekend so most people should be off work anyway. It’s a perfect time.” Jess started bouncing with excitement. “That is perfect!!! I can’t believe its really happening! Two weeks, so much needs to be done, Sam I’m gonna go you take good care of our boy here okay?” Jess stood and kissed Sam before grabbing her purse and walking out of the door.
When the run started Sam was still there, Cas only had to survive the next 5 hrs. Once the sun set he was free until the next run. It never took the whole 5 hrs allotted for a run usually, especially with those newly presented, it maybe lasted an hour if they were lucky. So when the 5 hrs were up and all the alphas had returned to the edge of the forest without Castiel. Everyone was surprised.
Well, for him anyway. Maybe it was time they had a conversation about where this was really headed. Gabriel, being older was on a bit of a time crunch if he wanted pups.
Today was just the cherry on top of the sundae, or more to Deans tastes, the ice cream on the pie. A longtime customer chose Dean to single-handedly restore his 1936 Mercedes-Benz 540K Special Roadster. He’d seen the care Dean had taken with older cars and decided he’d give Dean the job.
Sry its been a long time. I lost the muse and it's finally starting to come back to me. I didn't want to give you a half-baked chapter.
“Dean!! We’ve gotta help him!! Tell me you’ll help me save him!! There’s got to be something we can do!!” Dean jolted up at the sound of his door hitting the wall while trying to keep up as Sam spoke in rapid fire. Sam was on the brink of tears with his puppy dog eyes already in full force. Not fair
“WHAT THE F—“ Deans entire body jerked and he immediately sat up. Jess had been trying to adjust the blanket on him that he kicked off in his sleep. Dean looked at her like she was about to smother him in his sleep. “Geeze Dean calm down, you got tangled in the blanket. I was trying to help you out. “ Jess rolled her eyes and made her way back to the kitchen where she was prepping a pot roast for the oven.
….. weasel her way back to Dean?” Charlie looked up at the waitress as she approached and ordered a mug of cider. This place kept it year round.
“You guys haven’t talked about it? I figured you were just waiting for graduation and gonna do some overly adorable sweet stuff like a romantic hotel room and the whole nine yards and whatnot.” Gabriel handed Cas a plate with a sandwich that was considerably smaller than he’d been previously building. “I see that look on your face and I can smell your scent, whatever you’re thinking, stop it.” Gabriel guided Cas to the table so they could sit and eat. “Everybody knows you too are so gone on each other, so you really need to talk about it.”
“I’m a miracle worker!!! Cassie, I just got you a date with the hottest guy in school, I’m buying a lottery ticket I’ll never be this lucky again” Gabriel practically skipped to their car, giddy the whole ride home.
Dean couldn’t believe what he was hearing. Was Cas cheating? Although Dean couldn’t blame him, Castiel was always too good for him. Dean started to wonder if Sam knew and he was pushing him to be better in the hopes that Cas wouldn’t leave. Of course Cas would leave, everybody left Dean eventually.
“I’ve seen him at the candy shop, he’s an artist and has such a bright light in his soul.” The nurse stopped at a door and abruptly turned. “Know this, IF he wakes up and IF he gives you another chance. IF you don’t make him as happy as possible. IF you screw this up and he ends up back here or worse he succeeds. I know how to make it look like an accident and even if they do convict me I’m already old. A life sentence won’t mean much.”
That caught his attention. He hadn’t seen Aiden and Claire in so long. He just wanted to hold them. To love them. To hear their giggles, to hear Aiden and his snarky comments.
“I know we all want to see them get their heads out of their asses and just get together already, but
“Woah” The only light in the room was the glow from her laptop when the chime of her cell phone startled her from her focus. “What's up dude?” Charlie had just uncovered a mountain of information and maybe even a way to save Cas. Now just to do something with it.
“Well, we didn’t get any calls from a heartbroken alpha so we all know how it went, Gabe.” Charlie couldn’t help but roll her eyes. “Here they come.” Charlie pointed her glass in the direction of the door.
“Oh babygirl, you have no idea what I want to do to you tonight.” Strong words for a wolf who was in denial of his true nature. Dean knew that because of his build he could always get away with whatever he wanted but his true desires, he chose to keep buried deep within himself. No one would ever know that he was disappointed with the way he presented.
Every couple of hours Ellen comes into the room bringing with her a new snack and a drink to wash it all down, removing the previous snack and beverage. Disheartened that seeing bites missing was a rarity.
Cas didn’t even get a chance to say bye before the line disconnected. He didn’t care, he was practically vibrating with hope as he detoured to the store for all the ingredients he needed. He even decided to spring for the organic cherries for his signature cherry berry pie, this would be their first dinner eaten together in weeks and he was going to make sure that it was perfect.
Sam stormed out and headed to the park, he needed to walk off this anger before he ripped their heads off for their stupidity.
“Hey, Dean! Did you mean to leave this stuff out on the table?” Cas called out to Dean after he got out of the shower. Towel wrapped around his hips, he searched the house for his roommate.
“Right Dean, and risk chasing you off? It took him forever to get you to go on a date with him, I doubt he would so much as ask you to switch seats with him.” Sam couldn’t help but roll his eyes. It was a harsh truth but if anyone could put it out there and actually be listened to, it was Sam.
“Oh you big moose, such a gentleman.” Gabriel interlocked their arms and allowed himself to be led to the kitchen area.
“So bro, why did you summon me so early on one of your few days of rest?” Gabriel was licking the sprinkles and whipped cream off of whatever sugar monstrosity he ordered for himself, no doubt consisting of more syrups, sprinkles, and sugar than actual coffee.
“Claire sweetie that’s a wonderful story about the puppy you saw. Do you like looking at puppies?” Missouri figured talking with Claire first would probably be easier for many reasons. Most of which Claire engaged with her first meaning she was comfortable and ready. Aiden was still a bit stiff and unsure.  “I LOVE PUPPIES!!!” Claire screamed as she climbed into Missouris' lap.
“No, buddy I didn’t know that. Can you tell me what you did in class today?” Cas loved the way his son could create and discover in Minecraft, but the fact that he always was so absorbed by it worried him, was Aidan losing himself in the game to fill the hole left by his father not being there?
Dean gently slipped his arms from around his husband and decided to take this time to make some phone calls. There was so much he had to do in such a small amount of time. First, he made a call to the airlines, booked a second ticket making sure that he was right next to Cas. The next person on his list to call was Charlie, he had to reach her before she left for the day.
“I became somewhat of a mentor for him from that point forward. We’ve kept in contact since and I have to say he has not disappointed with his progress.”  Cain continued with small talk for a moment while he looked over the lab results and notes that were sent to him by Sam the day before.
There was some shuffling on the other side of the door. Gabriel chuckled to himself, he could tell by the sounds that Sam, in fact,
. Where were you when he started changing his will? Where were you when he bought whatever he took?! Where were you when I had to call 911 and keep the kids from seeing their dad this way?! WHERE WERE YOU?!?!?!?” Sam stalked closer to Dean with each question, what started as a broken whisper now was a booming voice that caught the attention of everyone on that floor.
“You didn’t? Sams' voice perked up in shock, maybe excitement. “Dean you need to get home now.” Sams mind started going a mile-a-minute. If Dean didn’t sign the papers that meant that Dean hadn’t chosen his work over his family. Castiel was about to move those kids back to the coast near him and leave Dean behind based on the wrong information. “Those aren’t the only papers Castiel had me handle. He had me update his will, Dean he named me to take the responsibility of the kids in case anything happens to him.” Sam stayed silent for a moment to let that information sink in. Castiel hadn’t been doing well, he’d seemed sullenly resigned lately. Sam figured he’d be able to see them after the move as he wasn’t going to be too far away from them.
“Lisa, I don’t know what you think is going on here, but we” Dean gestured between the two of them. “are over. You cheated on me remember? Saying something about how I was stupid for thinking a male omega could satisfy you..” Deans scent blockers were being burned through by the spicy aroma of his fury. Cinnamon and ginger.
“WHAT THE HELL IS THAT NOISE?!?!?!?” A severely hungover and disheveled Castiel appeared in his doorway looking like he was an android set on destroy. “I don’t ask for much Dean, but if you don’t turn that shit off NOW I will break it into tiny pieces and feed them to you!!!” Castiels eyes and scent agreed with the sentiment causing Dean to practically long jump to his stereo and turn it off. “ I don’t complain when I come home, and there's a crowd of people in the house! I don’t complain when I can't sleep through the night cause some girl you’ve got makes it her mission to break the sound barrier, but
Hey I know it's been...a long time. I lost my muse for a while there and I wanted to really be able to tell this story the way I see it unfolding. I'm hoping to get back to regularly posting as much as I can.
Dean stood at the end of the hall with a bouquet of flowers in his hand. All he’d been able to figure out was that Castiel was in the hospital, the reason why was still a mystery to him. He hadn’t bothered to stop at the house yet, getting a hotel room instead. Their marriage needed time to heal. Dean knew he needed to earn his way back home. He was determined that one day he would earn the privilege of being a part of his family again.
“Well… not really, we’ve talked about a few options but we haven’t come up with any strong contenders. Got any suggestions?” Jess was looking off watching a bird in a nearby tree. Cas took the moment to take in her natural beauty, this would be the last time he saw it. The tears started to well up in his eyes before Jess could turn around Cas swept away the one escaped tear.
Castiel couldn’t help but lay back and smile. He was so in love with Dean. Now they were getting ready to become parents and the world couldn’t get any better. Dean finally had accepted that they were going to have to wait and be surprised in spite of all his attempts to get Castiel to let his OB tell them the genders.
He knew with Aiden it would take his constant presence. Aiden had already accepted Dean wouldn’t be around and therefore would block him out of his life when he was around.
Dean knew finding the words himself for some impossibly romantic speech would be practically impossible. This was going to be his best shot.
“I know. Dean Castiel has been, he’s been sad for so long. You’re gone all the time talking about earning money. You have enough money. I tried to talk him out of filing the papers, but when the moving company called to set up the next move, there was nothing I could do. He was heartbroken. How could you do this to him?” Sam had watched his brother-in-law struggle with being lonely for years once Dean started this job that none of them really knew about and was gone for long periods of time.
He had done this. He had made his husband feel as if he was running from him? Is that how he really saw it? Dean sat and thought back on the 10 years that they’ve been married, he’s been gone for……Damn near half……Shit
“Keep it down!!! Destiel out there doesn’t know we’re here.” Charlie shushed Gabriel and his antics.
By the time Dean arrived in the school, they had managed to get Aiden to move into the counselors' office where she could watch him and still get work done.
“That better be empty when I get back” Her tone left no room for no debate, but it was said in love.
After a long night of movie watching, Dean let Cas go to bed while he cleaned up the soup and crumble dishes. The night he had planned was ruined. He’d wanted to apologize to Cas for basically kicking him out of his own home
“There’s plenty for me and Cas. No rabbit food for you Sammy, sorry.” Dean tossed a bunch of bananas and a bottle of water into the backseat without looking. Sam’s grunt let him know he hit his target.
Claire being as young and hopeful as she was, lead to hope. Claire tried to believe that everything was temporary. Almost every other day she would ask about her papa. Daddy couldn’t or wouldn’t give her any definitive answers. Claire luckily was too young to really understand what was going on. She was glad that daddy was home, but she missed her papa. Uncle Sa was around a lot more now too.
“Just a few more lines of code and a door code and we’ll be golden.” Charlie’s fiery hair was pinned up and she had a pencil clenched in her teeth. Gabriel glanced over to realize she was in fact not working but playing some RPG and losing the battle.
Gabe grabbed Castiels attention and told him about his encounter with Sam outside handing him the note when Naomi had her back turned. Cas unfolded it, read it and threw it away. Maybe they weren’t words of love after all.
Pulled out of his fantasy by the tears falling from his eyes, Dean finally let himself break down. Dean wanted his family back. He was going to do whatever it took to get it.
“So, Dean what’s this good news of yours?” Castiel bit into his steak and could not hold back the moan.
“You and I are going to spend the day together at my place. I have some of those peanut butter cookies that you’ve been in love with so much lately and we are going to binge watch
Cas was just so tired of fighting and being angry, all the rage bled out of him and he just let it play out.
Castiel turned the corner to see Claire covered head-to-toe in his shaving cream. The shaving cream he could’ve sworn was still in his duffle bag, by the front door.
Castiel lets his eyes scan the room only to see Sams’ comically large frame sprawled across a small hospital couch with case files on his chest.
When the documentary was over Dean lifted a sleeping Cas in his arms and carried him to bed. When he laid Cas down, his shirt lifted just enough to reveal the scars on both sides of his body still red but faded. Dean wished he could have been able to protect his husband from all of the pain, but he never got his test results. He tucked Cas in the blanket before he sat on the bed next to him.
“Exactly” Ellen stood up and moved higher up on the bed. “I’ve got a friend that works in the best mental healthcare facility in the state. I would like to give them a call and get you a spot.” Ellen ran her fingers through Castiels hair, greasy from not being washed, but she didn’t shy away from showing him any affection that he allowed. “If that is okay with you. I don’t want to force you Castiel, but you’ve got to know that you can’t just lay in bed forever.” Her hands pushed away from the blanket and pulled Castiel into what can only be described as a tight mama bear hug.
“We’re going out this door and straight out the front, if you make one sound, I will make sure you regret it.”
“No seriously Cas, what’s next for you?” Dean needed to know so he could figure out where he fits into Castiels life. “Well first, I think you mean “for us”, but ideally I’d go to college but I know my parents haven't saved anything, they figured I’d have been caught and claimed years ago.” Cas rolled his eyes and went on to talk about which would be his dream schools.
“He what? Sam, he hasn’t touched that will since Claire was born.” Dean took another deep gulp. He’d caused his husband such pain was there any way he could get back the man he loved? Of course, he didn’t say any of that to Sam, this wasn’t a chick-flick moment.
When the day came to take the children with him to see Missouri Dean couldn’t stop fidgeting. He double and triple checked that he had anything and everything for them to feel comfortable. He packed spare clothes, coloring books, crayons, a few action figures, some of their favorite snacks, and a couple of juice pouches. Of course, once the snacks went in the bag Dean realized they might make a mess so he threw in some wipes and a few folded-up paper towels. By the time Sam arrived to go with them, Dean looked a wreck.
“Consider it done baby bro” Gabriel popped up from the table and winked at Cas. He needed to make a trip to the store, some of those fillings required overnight to rest and get to perfect flavor balance.
“Yes, Cas I’ve wanted you since I can remember, now get down here and make your omega happy.” Dean grabbed Cas by the back of his neck pulling him down into a passionate kiss.
Cas got up and walked inside not leaving room for more discussion. He’d all but forgotten about the chili sitting on the stove. Taking that into consideration he amended his evening plans. He walked to the master bathroom and started a hot bath and tossed in his favorite lemongrass bath bomb. By the time he walked back into the kitchen Dean had both kids seated eating their own bowls. Claire was inevitably making a mess and Aidan was being very particular about the order in which he ate his Triscuits with his chili.
After handling all pertinent issues Sam closed the door to his office a sign to not disturb him. Dean picked up on the first ring. “Sam? Got time to talk finally? Time to explain to me why you felt like I didn’t deserve to know that I might be losing my husband?! That Cas might possibly die?!?!?” Dean hadn’t let Sam get in a single syllable to explain anything.
“Look I get what you're trying to say but leaving is not the answer, you need to stick it out and let them know that you’re home for good, that they can put their trust in you again.” Sam squeezed his brother's shoulder trying to be reassuring. Before walking away Sam told him about a call he got from Ellen.
Dean ran to the door to prevent Sam from ringing the bell again. “Hey Sam.” Dean whispered as he motioned Sam into the house. He held a finger to his lips indicating Sam needed to do the same. When they made it to his room, he gently closed the door and waited for the click to speak normally.
“Who Sam.” Dean stepped between Sam and the map, directly into his line of sight, forcing him to make eye contact.
Cas only shook his head as he slowly put Deans room back together. This wasn’t the first time and much to his chagrin, it wouldn’t be the last. Cas cleaned up the room and put everything back where it should be including the one family photo that included his mother that Dean kept only in his drawer.
“Babe I’m home!!! I’ve got some amazing news about the shop!!” Dean called out as he walked through the door. Only then did he notice that the house was quiet, almost too quiet, leave it to his Cas to get caught up writing in his study to even hear Dean come in the door. He glanced in the kitchen, it didn’t look like Cas had started on dinner maybe they could go out to celebrate and spend some much needed time together.
“Well, I don’t need to tell you because we’re here.” Gabe pulled into the parking lot of one of Sams favorite restaurants
Dean slammed down the metal bowl in his hands onto the counter. “No its not! You’re…you know what nevermind. We’re out of cream and I need it. I’ll be back.” Dean snatched his leather jacket off the back of a chair and stormed out the door.
“Now you hold on just a minute there. I don’t know where you think you’re going, but if the answer ain't getting back in that bed then we are going to have a problem.” Castiel was ready to argue but was leveled with one solid glare from the nurse.
More worn out than he’d realized he passed out within minutes. The next time he opened his eyes the clock on the cable box read 12:25. He was laid out on the couch with a blanket draped over him, his boots in their place by the door and a pillow tucked under his head.
- while they watched a movie or listened to music. It was calming, grounding. Castiel needed that right now. He needed to feel the rumble of Deans chest as he spoke to him, it didn’t matter what he was saying it could be a mindless recounting of Alice in Wonderland. But that was what he needed.
Gabriel set the coffee on a timer, perfectly. The coffee was hot and fresh, the pot maybe 5 minutes old.
Dean made his way around the table wrapping his arms around Cas’ torso. “Cas, no baby, don’t apologize, I made you feel like you couldn’t talk to me, that’s on me.” Dean knelt down next to Cas’ chair, gently cupped his husbands face planting a gentle kiss on his lips. “We’re going to get through this together. You are whats most important to me. You are what matters.”
Dean could hear the assured tone of his brothers’ voice, this was something he could do. Cas had kept him out of it so far, but he could be the rock that Cas would need.
“Only if I get to leave today, I can’t face Dean to only see the disappointment and disgust on his face for what I’ve done.” Castiel finally loosened his arms from Ellen and sat back. “ I just… I cant..”
Two Chapters in one week?!?!? Crazy I know!!! The inspiration has hit and hopefully I can  give you a new chapter a week until we reach the end of our journey together.
“Well, my sickeningly in love bro, I came to let you know that everything is set for graduation. Mom and dad are coming, I’m making your cake and we’re going out to dinner. Our other loving siblings can't make it but they send their regards and knowing them most likely there will be gifts in the mail soon.” Gabriel found his way to the kitchen and proceeded to make a mess under the guise of making lunch for both of them,
Glancing around the room Castiel noticed that this wasn’t the same office he’d been in before. This office was less ‘clinical’ there was a colorful rug on the floor, a yoga mat laid out by the window and a punching bag hanging from the ceiling in the corner.
in…” Castiel gauged the amount of time it would take him to finish the pot of coffee already brewed. “Meet me there in 30 minutes. No excuses and you’re paying for my coffee.” Castiel put his cell phone back on the counter and went to put on actual clothing for the day ahead.
Sam looked over at his brother, he couldn’t help but feel for him. Dean was always so hard on himself. Dean the most caring and giving person that he had known in his entire life somehow always believed that he didn’t deserve to be happy or loved. So many thoughts were going through his mind. Sam kept trying to figure out what kind of plot or plan Gabriel had in the works and whether or not he was going to have to be ready with bail money. That man earned the title ‘Trickster’ three times over.
“I umm I don’t know. She just had this way about her I guess. Very warm, motherly almost. It was just easy to trust her. And I know I probably should have gone home with Sam, at least then I could’ve seen my kids…”
“Where in the hell is he?!?!” It was one of the alphas searching for Cas, they still hadn’t managed to find him and it was almost time for sunset. That wasn’t the only angry alpha Gabe had stumbled upon in his search for his brother. When the sun was fully down all the alphas started heading for the tree line, each looking a little more dejected than the last. Gabe slipped out of the woods and back into the crowd unnoticed. Once again he saw Sam stroll away with that smug grin on his face.
“Mom and dad realized after they had an empty next that life was about more than appearance, they got some couples therapy and now they’re actually decent people.” Gabriel walked towards Castiel with a spoon in hand. “Taste this.” He didn’t even wait for a response he just shoved the spoon into Castiels mouth.
"Hey guys!!! I didn't expect to see you here tonight" Jo smiled at Cas and winked at Dean as she sat down their drinks.
“Well, if this is what we get, I say we cooperate. If nothing else we get a free lunch out of the deal.
The ultimatum given to him by his husband had rocked his world, but the money he’d make on this extension would set them for life and he could give Cas the life he truly deserved.
The hotel lounge combo seemed to have popped up out of nowhere and was exceptionally well built and seemingly upscale for this non-major road.
“Papa look what I found!!” Claire came running kicking sand everywhere waving a pearlescent seashell at him.
Lenox sat in his seat quietly taking in the argument between his sister and daddy while taking bites of his burger loaded with a little bit of everything. “
The drive was tense, Aiden could tell that something was up. His daddy had a death grip on the steering wheel while his uncle Sam was smiling way too much. The adults were acting weird, Claire didn’t seem to notice though, she had her usual string of endless conversation going. She never really expected people to respond but she talked anyway.
“Cas… I…me?” Dean was at a loss for words, did Castiel really mean it? His heart couldn’t take it if this was really just a question and nothing was to come of it.
After he’s done with clean-up he looks up to see fire red hair walking in its Charlie, she’s usually part of the morning crew, oh well. He waves and clocks out. It’s still too early to pick up the kids so he just pulls out his phone after he parks at the school, only about 45 minutes to burn. Cas calls the only person he consistently talks to that isn’t telling him his children's educational progress.
“That’s easy, the day I got my baby. It had been rebuilt from the frame and I was finally allowed to drive it. That was the one day I didn’t mind waking up early. I remember I cruised down the road and pulled up next to Cas here,” Dean gestured over at Cas.” He was walking and I picked him up. He was the first person I let get into Baby.” Dean let his memories take him back to that sunny day.
“Wow Jo, tell me how you really feel,” Dean commented as he passed through the living room on his way to the kitchen. “Well, it's true Jerk.” Sam couldn’t help but say it with his perfected bitch face.
Sams phone chimed in his pocket “Actually make that now, look Dean I gotta go take Cas to catch his bus. I don’t know what's going on between you two but you better figure it out. Figure it out by the time we get back home, what happened last night wasn’t a fluke and you know it. I’ll be back later and we can go to Hershey Park, Cas insists we finish our trip.” Sam turned to walk out the room Dean called his name pausing at the door for a second. “Sam, tell him, can you tell him he doesn’t have to go? I mean it's his trip as much as it is ours.” Sam just chuckled to himself for a second,
Dean placed a blanket over Castiel and packed his duffle for the trip ahead. He made sure to pack those jeans that are just slightly too tight and always make Cas drool. Then he dug in the closet to find every green shirt he had. Cas always said the color made his eyes sparkle. Anything he could do to make the trip better or easier for Cas, Dean was going to do.
The lighting behind Charlie turned dark and she was hit with a spot light. There was also the sound effect of a heart beat echoing around the room.
The door swung open with a shirtless Sam standing there. “Gabe, what are you doing here? Did we have plans?” Sam glanced down at how he was dressed, ran his fingers through his hair trying to be a little more presentable.
Dean had so much more to do that he’d previously thought. Looking up at his angel laying in the bed. He looked as if he was merely asleep.
“Oh, I’m sorry, you must be Dean we haven’t met. I’m Ms. Mills I was expecting your….” She glanced down at a form on the desk. “…brother? Sam?”
Dean sat next to Cas’ prone body in the hospital bed, hooked up to machines surrounding him. His heart slowly started to shatter, he couldn’t lose his husband. He should’ve gone straight home, he didn’t have to stop by the shop, they knew what they were doing. He didn’t have to stop to get a burger either, that was just selfish, he should’ve been focused on Cas not how tired he was, not how he didn’t think he could deal.
“You just pointed at all of me” Castiels voice rough from disuse. His eyes narrowing in confusion and anger.
Much to Cas' surprise Dean got up and walked towards the stage grabbing the acoustic guitar before taking a seat on the stool placed center stage.
After a few of the performers had gone up and sang their ballads, it was Gabe’s turn, and he did not disappoint. Castiel knew his brother had some singing ability but nothing like this. When Gabe came back to his seat he glanced over at his brother, Castiel gave him an approving nod and continued to play with the plate of nachos Gabe had ordered for the two of them.
“Oh honey, that’s a bunch of bull and you know it. But if you’re so determined to get out of here, you can come home with me when you’re released. It would put an old womans heart at ease to know you're okay.” Castiel couldn’t argue with the last sentiments. The last thing he needed to do was add the guilt of stressing out the nurse who clearly cared for him.
“You can’t buy your way into a baby’s heart you know that right?” Cas chuckled “Maybe, but I can try, I gotta be #1 uncle.” As the night went on Dean and Cas talked about all the things they could do to spoil the new family addition.
“Everybody is going to be just fine now, those kids have their daddy back and they know he’s not leaving. This family is on the mend.” Missouri pat Sam on the back as she guided him out the door behind the trio. “You take good care of them, Sam.” Missouri slid a small pack of gummy worms into Sam's hand and winked as he walked out the door.
Dressed in a well-worn shirt and jeans with a few holes and barefoot, Cas strolled back out. “Anything I can help with? Castiel was already grabbing plates and silverware.
Watching the amber liquid swirl around in the glass, he realized that maybe he was already too drunk. He found it hard to care, he’d somehow managed to destroy his marriage. Destroy his blue-eyed husband in the process chasing after the standard set by his father.
“On one condition.” Cas gave a gummy smile. “Whats that Cas?” Dean actually stopped breathing fearful he hadn’t done something right. “Only if you give me your bite before we leave here tonight.” Cas leaned in and kissed Dean on the neck causing a shiver to go down his spine.
“Don’t worry Cher, we’ll get you all settled in and I’ll bring you some of that honeyed toast you seem to like so much.” The nurse whispered as he walked down the corridor. Cas looked up at that moment finally responding to the outside world.
He twisted and swung his arm over expecting to make contact with a warm body, the cold space he found was much of a disappointment.  It was unusual for Castiel to be a morning person,
Castiel got home that night to an empty house and a note left on the counter from Sam that the kids requested a sleepover. This was the final sign he needed.
“How did you manage to mix so many berries but make each of them keep their distinct flavor?” Castiel was confused yet he wanted more.
Cas was sitting in the waiting room when his phone buzzed. He didn’t bother to look and see who it was, right now he had more important things to be concerned about. Right now he was waiting for his appointment with Sam to get those test results. Castiel had told himself before it was just a cold and he’d get over it but it had been weeks and instead of getting better he was getting worse. The permanent circles under his eyes, constant exhausted feeling, and the overall just crappy feeling wouldn’t seem to go away.
After dinner while Charlie was debating with Jess and Cas about what the movie of the week should be, Sam cornered Dean in the kitchen. “Dude, what’s going on with you and Cas?” The raised eyebrows a clear sign of true concern. “What are you talking about we’re fine Sammy.” Dean shrugged and turned his back while grabbing yet another beer out of the fridge.
Castiel went back to his room and sat deep in thought. He wasn’t sure if he was ready to really face Dean but at the same time being able to discuss the issues in a safe environment was key to his rehabilitation, well that’s what the therapist said anyway. Instead of dwelling on it Cas picked up a notebook and just began to write. He wrote his thoughts; he wrote his feelings and slowly he began to twist them into a romanticized tale about a knight and star-crossed lovers.
After spending the weekend in the hospital for the first round of medication and monitoring, both Dean and Cas were more than happy to finally be home.
“Castiel?” The same sassy brunette nurse called his name. He followed her back almost on autopilot. His mind was going over every possible illness it could be. Some were worse than others, some that popped into his head were practically impossible but it would be his luck to be that one-in-a-million case you always hear about.
“Oh honey, I wish you had told me sooner, I just agreed to speak at a convention in New York, you know how my publisher has been hounding me to be more……” Cas gestured in the air trying to find the right word that didn’t make him sound robotic. “..personable.”
“Cas, so don’t be mad at me but I looked into your records and I noticed that you were adopted, do you know anything about your birth family?” Sam was trying to broach the subject gently.
“He could die because of you!!” The rage and fury that burned in Sams' eyes was something that Dean had never seen before. Sam had always been the understanding one. The one who always believed in second chances, always controlling your emotions and not letting them control you. If Dean had broken even him…..was there even hope that it could be fixed?
run, just like every time before, Sam stood at the edge of the crowd and watched Cas run off into the woods. This time Gabe snuck off and doused himself in scent blockers then snuck into the woods away from the crowds. He wouldn’t interfere but he just had to figure it all out. There was a secret and if no one was going to tell him, he would find out on his own.
The silence on the other end of the line made Cas think maybe he’d been disconnected during his rant.
When he came back out with the ring box and opened it for her, there it was, a two-tone band with a honeycomb pattern that was perfect for his Cas.
Seven hours after hard labor, some threats from his mate and a broken hand. Dean held a twin in each arm as introduced them to their uncles.
“Dean……Dean!!” Dean jumped back to get some distance between them but as he was already sitting on the couch all he managed to do was flop back into the blankets Jess already cocooned around him. “huh? Yea…I’m listening, what do you want?” Dean tried to act like he’d been paying attention the whole time knowing he wasn’t fooling anyone but he had to attempt it.
Gabriel couldn’t take it anymore, 6 runs and about to be the seventh, although he was proud of his brother he just had to know how he was doing it. Cas was book smart, not street smart…. And not much of a fighter. There was something that Gabriel had to be missing all of these years.
Samantha jumped out of her chair and ran into the kitchen. “They’re up there daddy!! Papa put them up there so we couldn’t sneak and get them!!” She was jumping and dancing in front of the refrigerator pointing to the top.
The floating notification for his voicemail haunted him. He still hadn’t played what he could only assume was a half-truth explanation for why Dean took the new job. Excuses he just couldn’t listen to anymore. Dean made his choice so he doesn’t need to explain himself now.
I hope you guys are liking this, I'm trying not to make it too angsty but its gonna get worse before it gets better. Remeber comments are always welcome :-)
Jo stopped by their table to say hello and grab their order…as if it ever changed...and winked at Dean as she walked away. She was up to something…. Dean couldn’t quite figure out what…but it was something.
“Yea I know it’s a weird name but the man sure lives up to it from what I can tell.” Ellen was curious as to why Gary sounded so confused.
“Hey Charlie, what’s on my schedule for today? I need to get elbow deep in some grease.” Dean was acting like it was just another day and nothing was wrong. Charlie knew that wasn’t the truth but she also knew how her surrogate brother worked, he couldn’t fix Cas, but cars, cars he could fix. Any sense of being useful would be good for him right now.
from the top of the list. Important enough to warrant a negotiation but not so infamous that they had their own body count of ‘contractors’ who had attempted their capture.
“Yea let’s do that Papa.” Aiden didn’t wait, he turned around and ran out of the room to claim his favorite spot on the couch.
“Hey, Charlie you busy?... I need your help with something.” Dean hung up the phone and made sure he had his wallet in his favorite jacket and went out the door to wait for Charlie to pick him up.
Cas started to stir as Dean walked back into the room. Dean stroked his fingers through his husbands’ raven hair. “Hey angel, you don’t need to get up. I’m coming with you tomorrow and I’ll be with you all week to help you however you want.” Dean kept his voice soft and gentle hoping Cas wouldn’t fully wake up. He was so obviously worn out, even the smallest of secrets always weighed heavily on his angel.
“It’s the stop sign!!! Did I get it right? Aidan, did I get it right? I think I got it right!!” She barely left space for anyone to get a word in between.
on me. Whats up? I’d say you were happy but your face is some weird mix of happy and scared”  Dean had no clue how long he’d been lost in his own thoughts, but by the concerned look on Charlie’s face, it had been way too long. He couldn’t tell her he’d been fantasizing about his roommate, living in a house together, kissing him when he walked through the door, cuddling up for a movie after a long day at work….maybe eventually a few pups. That last one scared him the most.
Hearing the voice he allowed his rigid body to relax. His scent went from fear to irritation quickly. “Gabriel, has no one ever told you it’s a bad decision to sneak up on a pregnant omega?” Just as he finished, his phone went off. Cas held up a finger to let Gabe know to wait.
After Castiel walked away, an older woman came and sat in the chair that had once been Deans spot. “You know not many people willingly make a trip as a third wheel with a mated couple. I’m Mildred, but my friends call me Millie handsome.” She winked at him and caused Sam to blush.
Claire was passed out before the Incredibles even made it on the yacht, Aiden was gone by the time Frozone made the ship skid to a halt.
Sam slouched and slowly slid to the floor against the wall. He couldn’t stop the tears. He couldn’t take it if Castiel died. He wouldn’t be able to look Dean in the eyes ever again. So angry at Dean for causing this, so angry with himself for not preventing it.
Castiel stopped punching the bag completely lost in confusing. Why not Dean? Had he really considered Dean an option at that point? Would Dean have taken him home and loved him still after all that had been said and done? NO! Castiels mind screamed back at his self-deteriorating thoughts. That night happened because of Dean, that night happened because of his own issues, they both were responsible to some extent.
It hadn’t escaped his attention that in the time he’d initially woken up and went back to sleep, Sam had disappeared. Also that no one had come to see him. Sam hadn’t returned. Dean hadn’t made an appearance and without either of them coming by, he couldn’t see the kids.
Dean had been one hard nut to crack but when he did open up those emotions poured out like a fountain. Missouri stayed quiet in her corner this was a family moment she did not want to disturb. Aiden's body language had gone lax and he held on to his daddy and his sister. A heavyweight was finally off that poor boy's shoulders. He’d not had a chance to vocalize his thoughts yet but something in the shift in the room told Missouri that he didn’t need to, everything was right in his world.
“First, we are going to work through the anger which will help you work towards acknowledging your resentment, then we are going to work on bringing down that high energy with a little zen. Last but not least we are going to develop some acceptable coping mechanisms that can have positive influences on your life. You know how they say ‘
“Ugh, I knew you weren’t listening, finish your coffee and have a donut before we talk about it. You’re not really present until you’re properly caffeinated and had some sugar first thing in the morning, worse than a teenager.” Charlie called over her shoulder not so subtly rolling her eyes.
The only thing on Castiels mind was that he missed Dean. AS much as Dean had hurt him and as much as he was angry with him, there was something about the way Dean would wrap him up and hold him -
Charlie toasted them all on their last night out as a group. Dean and Cas just rolled their eyes. Gabriel almost choked he was laughing so hard.
Another day goes by, another treatment for Cas, another car for Dean to get lost under, another kidney goes to a different person in need. Sam is sitting in his office wringing his hands trying to figure out another way to help. Charlie keeps unsuccessfully trying to hack into Lucifer’s medical records, if she could just get in, she could add a testing request without actually having to make the trip to his psych ward.
“Jess I can’t let the business die, Cas would kill me if I didn’t take care of everything while he was sick.” Dean tried his best impression of Sams puppy-dog eyes. “All-right Winchester put on your shoes I’ll take you to your baby so you can go into the auto shop.” Jess rolled her eyes and walked off to grab her purse and sandals.
“Dean Winchester, would you do me the honor of becoming my mate?” For a second there was complete silence, long enough for Castiel to think he’d be rejected. Just as he went to rise to his feet Dean smashed their lips together with such love and desperation.
“Castiel? Did you know you have an appointment this morning?” The nurse behind him called out ready to take him to see the doctor. Castiel let his shoulders slump and followed behind her looking like a criminal being led to the gallows.
Just as Dean had said, Castiel aced his presentation and had his dream job in the bag. The company rep in attendance told him he could start the week after graduation, and they were excited to have someone of his caliber join the team.
Deans days, however, seemed to only get darker. As much as he had believed in the past that he was really doing the best thing for his family, it had become so glaringly obvious that he had turned out to be more like his father than he ever wanted. He had become so obsessed with his own issues the family as a whole had suffered. Castiel had been pushed to attempt suicide and clearly still harbored such rage toward him for things that he hadn’t even thought about. Things that he only considered to be affecting himself, not those around him. He was so obsessed with making money for his family that he hadn’t had while growing up, he forgot about the things that really mattered. The things that really bothered him, like his dad never being around, leaving him and Sam to basically raise themselves. Dean had done the same thing, only his other half wasn’t dead, Cas was there every day trying to hold together the family that he had taken so easily for granted.
Castiel stayed in this beachfront oasis for another day before he realized that this wasn’t where he wanted to be. These people were not the ones he knew and loved, they were mere………cheap imitations.
“Cas?!? Oh, angel, you came back to me…” Dean caressed his husbands face afraid to touch as if he were made of glass.
Next, to him, his phone rang until it went to voicemail. A message that Castiel wouldn’t notice until the morning
Ramiel clutched at his throat as blood gushed through his fingers and down his body. Dean took the pen and stabbed him again to ensure that he would die. By the time Dean had finished freeing himself from the rest of his bindings, Ramiel was just a cold body on the cellar floor.
“SURGERY Charlie!!!! Surgery!!!! The meds and dialysis aren’t working to slow down the degradation of his kidney like they hoped.” Dean was at work elbow deep in the engine of a 1959 corvette. Charlie sat on top of a rolling tool chest with a tablet in her hands. “Dean I understand you’re freaked. I’m freaked and I’m not even married to the guy, but we knew this was a strong possibility from the beginning that’s why we all got tested for matched right?” Charlie knew the best thing she could do for her bestie was be a shoulder to lean on and a sympathetic ear. He needed to vent without judgment, even if she couldn’t give her kidney, she could do the next best thing. Find the best possible matches.
“If I extend my assignment, my husband is going to leave me. He doesn’t understand I’m doing this for him. I mean it's not like we’re broke, but our savings could use the bump since that last move--.” Dean didn’t know why or how but he just couldn’t stop the word vomit from happening. “I mean he said it was about the kids and don’t get me wrong I love my kids but they’re still small there’s time. This job opportunity won’t be there forever.
As the day turned into night, the drinks went from spiked to straight shots. The more alcohol in his system the more freely Castiel would share his feelings. Tossing back the next round. “Gabriel you don’t un..under…stand, Dean is perfect. He…He’s not sub….submi…he doesn’t take shit from anybody. He won't admit it, but he’s a genius. Since he moved in, I’ve never called maint….mainten…he fixes everything. Dishwasher? Fixed it. Bathroom sink? Fixed it. Broked the ceiling fan? Fixed it. How could someone that amazing want someone as awkward as me? I can’t have him the way I want. So I will gladly be his friend. Yea it’ll hurt when he leaves. But somethings better than nothing.” Castiel scent was proud yet depressed at the same time. He was broadcasting his feelings for anyone in a 50 yard radius. He was obviously proud and boasting about the omega. Also so depressingly sad and pining as he was convinced Dean would never be
“Thank you for your honesty, now Castiel this time you lift the lid and reveal your prize.” Charlie nodded for him to proceed.
They spent the rest of the night watching Marvel movies on Netflix and cuddling in a nest of pillows and blankets on their bed.
It was only because of this that Dean even bothered to apply to college, but only the colleges that Cas applied to, he was going to follow him and protect him until Cas told him to go away, whether it was brotherly love or something else that was the force behind the desire, Dean never took the time to figure out.
“Kicking you out? That’s news to me, honey, I’m here because I'm better suited to help you going forward.” She seemed very relaxed, and comfortable in the space as if it were her own living room. “Now the stereotypical ‘
. Sam said it as if it was just so simple. “Alright, Sammy lets try this your hippy way.” Dean closed his eyes and tried to envision his perfect day.
“I don’t want to leave him, I love Dean you know that, but I’m done being second best or an after-thought. I’m hoping this is the wake-up call he needs, and things start to change.” Cas let his head drop back onto the wall. It was taking everything in him not to cry. He had to be strong for the kids. He always had to be strong for the kids, but his strength wasn’t running low
“Seriously Dean? That’s how you answer your phone? What if it was someone like your boss?” Sam rolled his eyes, he was leaning on his desk in his office, he had a few minutes before his next litigation meeting.
“I umm...you’re a great guy Cas, really. Forget about what your family said, I think it’s great that you’re not some boring alpha knothead like your brothers. Since when was being kind and actually listening considered a bad thing? Let me tell you if even half the alphas I’ve…” Dean stopped mid-sentence when he noticed the jealousy spike in Castiels scent. “Umm what I mean to say is Cas, whatever omega you end up with is going to be a really lucky girl and they’re going to want you for the right reasons.” Dean wrapped an arm around Castiels shoulders and pulled him into a hug.
“Sorry, no can do bro, we..” Sam and Charlie pop in the frame and wave.” Are staging an intervention. You two have been pining for each other for years and frankly, we can't take the UST anymore.” Gabriel spun the chair around.
After such a heavy conversation, Dean and Castiel curled up on the couch to watch TV and just hold each other. After some time, it was no surprise that with such a weight lifted off his shoulders Cas drifted off wrapped in his husbands’ arms to the first restful sleep he’d had in a long time.
As is summoned, Jess peeked her head in the door, “I believe I’m here to be the chauffeur for a certain green-eyed prince.” Jess always knew how to diffuse a moment with one comment. Dean left out a snort that could be interpreted as a laugh. “Could’ve been your prince but you married the wrong brother.” Appreciative of the levity a small bit of comedy could bring such a moment Sam rolled his eyes at both of them. Dean stood patting his brother on the shoulder and walked out the door after planting one gentle kiss on Castiels forehead. Dean knew what he had to do.
“Well, that’s not the only thing we have to tell everyone. We’ve already decided on a name. His name will be..” Sam paused to build the suspense. “Robert Dean” Dean practically choked on his beer. His eyes darted back and forth between Jess and Sam searching for a confirmation that what he heard wasn’t his imagination.
“Umm Cas? “ Sam and half the dining room could smell his obvious arousal. The other half was slower to get the scent as they were on the other side of the fireplace.
The only thoughts in his head include his own disgust with himself and wondering where the children are if Sam is obviously camping out in his room. At least he knows this is real, nowhere else would he have such negative thoughts.
Just as he was getting out of the shower he could hear the front door opening. Adrenaline began to pump as he slowly snuck into the closet for the gun safe.
For the longest Cas had convinced himself that he didn’t have a right to complain about the current position. It was partially his fault and anyone else would be ecstatic to be in his situation. He worked a job that wasn’t too serious or rigid, had two adorable kids and a spouse that wasn’t around long enough to start fights with. Dean always bought anything he asked for. In fact, that was quickly becoming a tradition, every trip home from wherever he was, Castiel received an expensive gift. Something he’d either wanted or commented it would be nice to have.
Cas could see it in his eyes, the longer he stayed sick the more this wore on his husband and the less he would be willing talk about it. Deciding that one more day couldn’t hurt, maybe Dean would be more open to the discussion after a night of relaxation. Judging by the bag he brought with him, he planned to stay the night, which was fine with Castiel. Cas moved the table over his bed and enjoyed his dinner side by side with his husband. Dean was tucked in the bed beside him and out like a light and snoring 20 minutes into the documentary, Castiel sighed and basked in the moment, it was almost like they were at home again.
When Castiel came home from his weekend outing with Sam he found dinner in the oven, Dean asleep on the couch and the twins in the living room dancing and jumping to Baby Shark.
“Alright, Winchester listen up. I tell you this because I care. You’re being stupid.” Charlie raised a hand to stop Deans protest before it even started.
Cas shrugged his shoulders and fumbled with corners of the pages. When he was told he had a visitor he wasn’t expecting Sam. Maybe Dean had shown up without Pam’s okay, or Ellen had decided to come to visit him. So far in his stay here, she hadn’t come to see him. He missed her, he missed that motherly love, warmth, and protection that emanated from her in the short amount of time he was around her.
Dean put the bottle down on his nightstand. “Sammy, I’ve got work to do. Tell Cas that I love him and I’ll be home soon.”
“So I'm Dr. Mullen but you can call me Cain. I understand you’re here for a confirmation on a diagnosis? “Cain hadn’t glanced down at his notes on Cas situation and all the lab results that had been sent to him by Sam, instead he held eye contact with Castiel.
“Doctor? Here’s the blood sample from patient Shurley for the test you requested.” A small blonde nurse holds up a few labeled vials of blood.
By the time Dean was finished singing, his green eyes were twinkling with unshed tears. Cas had a few tears streaming down his face. The entire roadhouse erupted into applause as Dean was brought back to the reality that there were other people in the room with him and Cas.
“Alright I think I’ve had enough of being trapped in this car for the day what about you guys?” Dean looked over at Cas who seemed to have a growing attachment to the large pack of Redvines he found in the bags an hour ago.
“Oh come on it’s a 4 shot red eye sweetened with honey and almond milk all for you.” Gabriel tried his best smile and held his arms out like he was presenting a grand prize on an award show.
Sam stood up to leave but couldn’t help sharing his own opinion. “You know Cas, I don’t know where this all will end up but for what its worth, I hope you will give him one last chance. He’s actually trying.”
Finally getting everyone in the car with a hot cup of coffee, he’s bombarded with fate forcing him to feel.
“Cas sweetie, how are you doing this morning? I see you’re buried in books on flowers and bees.” Jess took the seat next to his bed while Sam remained standing at the foot.
“Sweet, I can’t wait to get my hands on a double bacon cheeseburger, and all is greasy deliciousness.
“I want to talk to my family first Dean. It wouldn’t be right to blindside them with this and my parents are currently out of the country on business. Be patient with me, please. Now that I have you I want to do this the right way.” Castiels deep blue eyes pleaded with him the first night they laid together in
“Don’t worry Claire, Aidan will be alright he just needs to take some time and calm down. Now I need your help with something. Which house do you like better?”
Castiel knew that very few people understood his personality, but Dean was one of them, he couldn’t risk losing Dean because he couldn’t control his temper. Castiel decided to reach out for help since he was always told he was disconnected from his own generation.
“Yea, I mean how happy do you expect him to be raising two kids by himself for months at a time? His oldest denies his papa exists and Claire is insisting that you’ve just moved to Disneyworld to be a princess and you can’t come home. Kids can’t mentally handle things like this and you know they shouldn’t have to. Just come home Dean” Sam was practically pleading with his brother. This kind of stress could scar those kids for life, and he knew Dean would never forgive himself for being the cause.
The house was neater than he expected. Usually leaving the three of them at home all day would have him returning to find the living room overtaken by a pillow fort. Or remnants of some at-home science experiment gone awry. The day they tried diet coke and mentos was the worst.
“Really? I can smell the lust from all the way in here babe!!!” Dean yelled from the kitchen, where he was waiting for the kettle to heat.
“Yea Sam told me he went back to the hospital as soon as he got you in the car to follow the ambulance.” Dean always did have the uncanny ability to call when Charlie was up to something on a computer. “OK Charlie, we gotta help Cas, I know you don’t like to use your hacker skills much anymore.”
“No, they answered. It just seemed as though mom had been possessed by an actually enjoyable person.”
Charlie was working on a nationwide search, Cas wasn’t a unique blood type, but he did have some rare markers that made her believe that putting him on the transplant list wasn’t going to be enough. She started out first with Cas’ past relationships or friends that he had from his connections as an author, only then did she find a tiny breadcrumb of hope. Cas’ past boyfriend after a very long-winded talk revealed that Castiel had in fact been adopted.
Dean was too busy taking in the alphas look and fresh scent to even realize he’d been asked a question.
Most of these words were said in grumbles as Castiel shuffled out to the kitchen for a cup or an entire pot of coffee.
Sam knocked on the door gently, figuring that after the day they had Dean, Cas or maybe both would be sleeping. Dean answered the door clearly looking like he needed a drink. Alcohol was always Deans go to for solace, but with Cas needing him to be sober and solid, Dean couldn’t indulge.
“So from looking at the lab results, it seems that Dr. Winchester, um Sams diagnosis is correct. Since you have caught it fairly early, you do have a couple options, there is a medication that I can put you on to slow down the progression and in a few cases, it can even solve the underlying issue causing your kidney failure. Another option is dialysis and if we cannot seem to get this under control then we will need to put you on the list to find a compatible donor. “
“So are you or my brother going to tell me what this is about?” Castiel folded his arms across his chest as she began to drive away from the school. “I suck at buying practical presents; you’re the perfect man for the job Cas.”
“There you are, now let's get you to your room, you love looking at that view, and that husband of yours was real specific that you had a good view of the garden.” The nurse set Castiel down in a chair near the window and draped his favorite blanket over him.
“Get dumped or majorly screw up? Names Cain by the way.” Cain signaled the bartender ordered an old fashioned.
“What the hell are you thinking?! This is beyond selfish even for you Dean!” Castiel was woken up by the screaming voice of Sam by the door.
Dean was silenced by Charlie punching him in the arm. “Don’t be stupid, anyone and everyone can see that Cas thinks the sun shines out of your ass.” Charlie pointed at Dean with her fork still covered in chili and cheese. “Anyway who said its gotta be him to bring it up, you clearly haven’t said a word about it to him either.” Dean took a huge bite of his burger so he had time to gather his thoughts. Charlie was right. Dean hadn’t brought it up expecting his dorky alpha to take the lead. Very rarely did Dean believe in traditional roles but this was one of those moments. He didn’t want Castiel to think Dean was trying to hold him back.
The questions came from every direction. First Gabe was constantly questioning Sam, how did he do it? When did he set up this plan with Cas? What was in that note? Sam gave him the same answer every time, he didn’t do anything, and there was no plan set up with Cas.
“Whats taking so long?! I thought this was a special appointment as a favor that Sam set up for us!?” By the time he’d finished the statement, Dean had begun pacing from one end to the next.
“The way you’re talking you’ve got somebody in mind, spill Sam.“ Dean crossed his arms over his chest. Sam had been clamming up on him way too much lately, and if he had to get all “big brother” on him, omega or not, then he would.
Lenox sat and thought about it for a while he counted the number of veggie sticks he had and bites of his burger he had left. “Okay deal.” He stuck his hand out and shook on the deal with his papa.
I'm sorry it has taken so long for an update to this story but it is a very emotional one and I'm doing my best. I hope I still have some readers out there who appreciate it.
“What’s that?” Samantha poked at a celery stick like it was going to bite her. “Daddy I want French fries…not these green things!!” Dean rolled his eyes. “They’re celery sticks sweetie and they’re good for you.” Dean picked one up and dipped it in the small ramekin of peanut butter he’d served alongside them.
“I can walk you know.” Cas was slightly irritated at how much Dean was coddling him, trying to pretend there wasn’t a problem he could feel the gap between them. but at the same time, he appreciated knowing that his husband cared.
“okay well, you know the deal, stay as long as you want, just lock up if you leave before I get back. I have some errands to run then I need to go to work.” Gabe grabbed the container of raspberry and dark chocolate brownies off the counter, grabbed his backpack and headed for the door. Without even looking up “Tell Sam I said hi.” Castiel smirked to himself when he saw his brother hesitate on the way out the door.
“You need to vent and talking to yourself is not going to help. You need a face to face confrontation so that you can truly feel ready to let go of these emotions.”
“Ready? Are we taking my car or yours?” Sam walked out from the back with a smile on his face. They ended up in Sams car since he already knew where he wanted to go. The ride was quiet and awkward, to say the least. Sam seemed to be oblivious to Cas’ inner turmoil.  Every worse case scenario was playing through Cas’ mind, including this being a trap and Sam was just driving him out of town to be put down like an unwanted pet.
“I’m not touching that one with a ten-foot pole. She popped open the microwave and pulled out the second bag so she could fill the massive bowl in her arms and strolled out of the kitchen.
The door opened stirring him from his thoughts. Sam stepped in, “Hey Cas.” The slight smile on his face to steel his nerves. “how are you feeling? Doesn’t look like you’re getting much sleep.” Sam tried his best to keep his professional manner but this was his brother-in-law, this was Cas.
“It is Dean, please calm down we’ve only been waiting for 5 minutes.” Even though Cas anxiety was through the roof he somehow managed to be the calm to Deans storm.
Cas let go of a breath he’d been holding for far too long at this point. “ Ok so you’ve told me what it is not but you also haven’t said that I’m perfectly fine…. So are you going to give me the bad news or do I have to wait for dessert?” Cas was relieved that he wasn’t being given a death sentence but on edge with what possibilities were left.
“Hard doesn’t mean impossible. There's a long road ahead of you two, but I’ve got faith that you’ll make it.” The nurse turned and walked out of the room.
“Cas!! The barbeque is tomorrow, and it just won't be the same without you….or your potato salad. You see for mine I put a little dry mustard, celery seed, red onion….white onion??....“ Jess was spending her day with Cas since she had everything planned and he was the only other person she could talk to about the baby.
“I’m gonna stop by tonight and drop off your meds since I assume you’re getting on the plane with Cas tomorrow?” Sam had the prescription in hand and was finishing up his patient file notes for the night.
“no, not yet. Just a few more minutes, please.” Castiel mumbled using Deans body to shield his eyes from the sunlight shining in the window.
“Well,… Mr. Novak shes not wrong. Whatever pups they have will be gorgeous. They both look like models. And the way they’re COMPLETELY IGNORING THE REST OF US I doubt it’ll be too long before Gabe and I have to plan a baby shower.” The rest of the table broke into laughter finally startling the couple out of their little bubble.
"That was amazing." Cas threw his arms around Dean's neck and kissed him to silence his nervous rambling. "I didn't know that you could sing like that Dean. I loved it." Dean blushed at the praise Cas showered him with.
“Shh, I already put the kids to bed don’t wake them up!!!” Castiel kept his voice barely above a whisper but it was useless. Little feet were already thundering down the stairs.
Dean shook his head, he had to get his thoughts straight before they got in the car of his scent would be a blaring neon sign for his arousal. Wrong thing to have when going into public places.
For every run afterward, they continued to work the plan. Over the years the boys had to expand the underground fort cause well they couldn’t stay the size of small children forever.
Dean sat back on the couch and let Jess get out her baby rabies, she even made him a pie, who was he to deny her this?
“No Sam. I’ve been working on a new treat for the shop and I wanted you to try them and let me know what you think.” Gabriel passed the container to the tall Alpha. Something about the whole gesture warmed Sams' heart, Gabriel went out of his way to cook for Sam, he always had but now…now it meant something. It meant that Gabriel was showing he could take care of the young alpha.
Cas leaned over and whispered to Dean that maybe they should share their news too. Dean nodded in agreement. “Well since we’re sharing good news, Cas and I decided that we are ready to have a baby. Charlie already agreed to be our surrogate.” At Deans announcement even more cheers were heard, hugs were happening everywhere. Jess was in tears.
She had to do something; she didn’t pull bring him there just to watch him die slowly of starvation. He needed help. Help that even her tough love couldn’t give him.
“Yea, Sammy. He made it to the fort in about 20 minutes and its pretty deep in the woods, I think as long as he doesn’t get lost or they don’t change the forest he’ll be just fine.” Dean walked up to his room without even stopping to allow for a full conversation with his brother.
Castiel chuckled and let his hands wrap around Deans shoulders, carding one hand through his dark spiky hair.
Gabriel sat there staring at the brother that made it out. He wasn’t broken or destroyed like him or Luci. He walked into this room with the purpose of telling Castiel who he was, and where he came from. Lucifer their older brother at a young age had a psychological meltdown and in his moment of insanity had killed their parents, hospitalized Gabriel and almost suffocated Castiel. Gabriel had protected him until the police arrived. Lucifer was living his days out in a mental institute in Florida. Castiel was blessed not to remember the ordeal. After looking into his blue eyes and listening to that speech he knew it was best left unsaid
It didn’t become obvious to Sam or Dean what was happening to Aiden until one day they both received a phone call from the school. Aiden had a meltdown in the middle of the library and refused to move from the spot in the middle of the floor. He wouldn’t talk beyond screaming and the counselor didn’t know what to do.
“Dude, I thought this place didn’t open up for another hour?” Sam was confused, the parking lot was packed. So much so that he was concerned that there wouldn’t be a booth or table available and he was not willing to sit on a bar stool after being stuck in the car for so long.
“Dean, don’t talk like that, Cas is going to be ok, we’re doing everything we can for him right now. He’s got the best specialist in the country as his personal on-call doctor. We’re scouring the planet for a donor match. What I need from you right now Dean is Jess is coming to get you. I need you to go with her.” Sam kept his tone firm. If he let his own emotions get the best of him now, he wouldn’t be any better than Dean.
“How long are you here for? Do we get to keep you for the weekend at least?” Castiel looked out at the children now chasing each other back and forth playing a warped form of freeze tag of their own creation.
“Gabe….you know I’m not one to judge but are you wearing a purse? And are you wearing some sort of perfume? I swear just one whiff and I’m getting a headache.” Cas put his hands on the counter and looked at his brother confusingly. Gabe hadn’t had a purse in his hands when he walked in, or maybe he did. Clearly, the night needed to be over for him.
Sam had told Dean before that there was no such thing as the perfect job or perfect amount of money. If Dean didn’t get his act together, he was going to lose the man and family that he worked so hard to have.
Dean didn’t bother with the TV and decided to dive into his burger instead, whatever crap was going on he was
“Yea papa she got it. Why are we still sitting here? Can’t we just drive across the grass? I can run across the grass so you should be able to drive on it right? Just like in the driveway.” Aidans brows furrowed as he thought out his logic, it all made sense to him.
The hospital made him get a psych evaluation, which was obviously just for show, they weren’t about to release him anytime soon. Castiel could see it in the guys' eyes. The pity, the sadness, and the hope.
“Yes, Dean. Today will determine whether or not I graduate with honors and if I secure my position in the company of my dreams.” Castiel said it so matter-of-factly that if Dean couldn’t scent him, he’d think Castiel was a robot.
“He’s made his choice. File the papers” Castiel whispered as he finished off his drink. “I need to get to bed, I’m sure you do too. I don’t know how I’m going to explain to the kids we’re moving again. At least this will be the last time.” Castiel was mostly talking to himself at this point. Half mumbles, partial sentences, and unfinished thoughts made their way out, but they didn’t make much sense.
After a day or two of merely going through the motions, he became proactive. First things first, get a normal job. Something physical, something manual. He wanted to keep in shape but not take away extra time with the kids to workout. Thinking about his skills, how much time he was willing to be away from the kids on a daily basis and a few other factors let him narrow down his options.
Sam woke up in the morning with a lot on his mind. The last few weeks had been interesting and confusing but a good confusing. After they locked Dean and Castiel in the roadhouse, those two had gotten together but not mated. That he could understand neither wanted to jump in the deep in just yet.
Moving forward, Castiels days seem to shine a little brighter. Every cloudy day had a gleaming silver lining. And even the muscle ache and burn from the sessions with Pam seemed to be outdone by the endorphin rush that often accompanied them. Castiel was finally off of probation from his violent outburst and was allowed to walk the grounds. Cas truly felt at one with nature in these moments. He would get a cup of lemon velvet tea and sit in the middle of the flowers. The orderly didn’t like it because Castiel never sat on the benches meant for the area, he always would sit in the dirt in the aisles of the flower beds meaning at first, they needed clothes for him after every trip outside. Now, they kept a pair of sweats set aside for him. They were only for going outside.
