I never asked myself where to Moriartys right hand disappeared to. The man who was known all over Europe for his remarkable shooting skills, torture and commitment to Moriarty – even in death - Sebastian Moran. I remembered Mycroft telling me about him and his obsession with Moriarty. After his suicide it was whispered that Moran just up and left or even killed himself as well. It never accrued to me that he took charge of one of the gangs. Well anyway, I tried to escape when I realized my mistake but they managed to hunt me down after half an hour of running in the forest. There were just too many of them.
“Looks like I will have to finish your friends later.” She said under her breath as she began to stich up the Y incision on his chest.
“Do you wanna tell me you didn’t miss me?” He said and slid his hand down Sherlock’s face. Sherlock could do nothing but stare at the dark eyes with fear paralyzing him.
She just nodded at him as she took one last look at her daughter before she disappeared out of Sherlocks palace.
Sherlock fell silent for a few seconds before letting out a long breath and leaning back in to his armchair. He was going to end his life in a few days anyway. He can tell John the truth it will not change much. Either John will feel disgusted by what happened to Sherlock and will leave or he will realize that Sherlock is beyond fixing and just give up. It’s a win win for Sherlock really.
“No … no way! You are not cutting off my arm!” Sherlock looked at John in panic, not believing what his friend just said.
On day 13 they started talking to him about therapy and a possible prosthesis. His limb was amputated quite high so the use of prosthesis was limited. He could get one but it would mostly be just for the looks not really anything practical or something that god forbid could help him in everyday life.
“That’s all I’m asking of you.” Molly did not look at John this time. She just shook her head as she blankly stared at the ground. A few minutes of silence followed before she announced that she had to get back to work. It somehow felt as if she was trying to get rid of John, but then again he did understand why. If he was forced to play such an important part in Sherlock recovery, then he would be nervous too.
“Sherlock wants to go to John, but his wounds have not healed yet. Stills suffers from injuries sustained in Siberia. Shows signs of PTSD. Expected recovery time: 4-5 weeks.”
“You said that once before. But what do you mean with you had to stop Moriarty? He was already dead by that time. He killed himself the same day that you threw yourself off the building. Why did you still go?”
“Not now, I’m busy!” he hissed and waved his hand at her as to make her disappear. He wanted to take Rosie in his arms and rock her till she calmed down, but how the hell was he supposed to do that with one arm? If she moved too much she could just slip out of his hold and fall to the ground.
He needed some air and some time alone. Just to be able to breath, without John or Mrs Hutson fuzzing over him or the little Rosy running around his legs. He stood up from his bed and peaked though the door. John fell asleep with Rosy on the couch, Mrs Hudson should be at the shop right now. That was his chance! He grabbed his coat and an old cap and quietly left the apartment. It was mid-winter now, he could feel the cold air hit his face and fill his lungs – making them ache in an unfamiliar way. He looked up and down the street deciding where to go. It wasn’t that late yet, but because of constructions down the road the street was as empty as ever. He was finally alone. He pulled his coat tighter together and then just started walking. He had no real destination he just wanted to clear his head for a bit and return before John could notice that he was missing.
The sweat was still dripping down his skin and his shirt was drenched. He decided to take his shirt off… it was all wet from the sweat either way and there was even some blood on it from his broken nose. He threw it on the ground and covered his missing arm with the bed covers. He still could not bear to look at it.
Mycroft was standing in the doorway… He must have heard Johns conversation with his boss – uh ex boss now.
“No, no I need to calm down. I can do this. I can do it. It’s just a little human creature. All it needs is food and water. I will be fine. She will sleep till John comes back and then he will take care of her. No panic” he said to himself and swiftly turned around to look at the sleeping angel.
“It’s five p.m. Doctor. You slept thru the whole day. I thought you went home. I tried to call you multiple times but you did not pick up. Than a nurse told me that you were still here.” As Mycroft was telling him all of this John checked his phone and of course it’s battery was dead. Perfect … He was supposed to fill in for a college today. Shit, this was going to be really bad tomorrow. He may even lose his job for this.
“Mr Hutson heard her crying from downstairs and came up to check up on us. When she saw what state you were in she just grabbed the little one and went out the house. You didn’t even notice her comming here did you?”
“Ok Mycroft before I let you go on tell me – why are you telling me all this? What does his drug use and all of it to do with me? I haven’t seen him in about week. And before I beat him to nothing but a bloody pulp I didn’t even talk to him.“
“Well if you say so… Come on let’s sit down. My feet are killing me. And you can finally tell me what this visit is all about.” She said and send him a little smirk.
Her words keep repeating itself in his head like a broken record. He closed his eyes, trying to get control of himself. He looked back down at the letter, swallowing hard as he fought not to weep.
He decided to go to the hospital and check how Sherlock was doing. He wanted to apologize anyway for beating him to nothing but a bloody pulp. The ride to the hospital felt very short. John was going throe his apology for the second time when they already arrived. He gave the driver the cash and made his way in to the building. He wanted to turn around and just go home but something told him to go to Sherlock. To see him and to make sure that he is ok. When he finally found the right floor he noticed a police man sitting in front of a room.
“Hallo to you to John, no of cause I have time to talk to you no problem, not like I have to arrest one of the most influential people in the city!” John just looked at Greg kind of confused and then it hit him.
When he really thought about it he realized that he did not even forgive himself for what happened. He just couldn't.
“I’m so sorry John, but I can’t take this anymore. My mind … it’s … it’s killing me, I can’t take it anymore! It’s for the be-“
“Well I would if you would behave like an adult! God I feel like I’m taking care of two children. The way you behave is just sad. Grow up!” Said John and rolled his eyes. And then he realized what just lipped out of his mouth. Fuck.
But John really needed to hear this. It would help him move on and live again. If that meant that John would hate him even more then before so be it. John deserves happiness and Sherlock had no right to stand in the way of that. He promised himself back in Siberia that he would do everything he could to make John happy. And later on Mary asked him to always watch out for John. This was the least he could do now.
“Please go now!” Mycrofts voice was shaking this time and it was full with raw emotions. He really tried to hold it in but it was getting harder and harder and he really didn’t wanna lose it in front of John.
“I’m sorry John, I can’t take this anymore.” Sherlock smiled softly at the doctor before he closed his eyes and pulled the trigger. He could hear John scream and Moriarty laugh. A loud bang followed and then … Finally … his mind was at peace.
“Then move back in and bring her too. I can take care of her during the day when your busy. It would be lovely to have the little cup cake here,” jumped Mrs Hudson.
He could hear the door opening, and in his panic he tried to muffle his sobs and wipe away his tears. John stepped in to the room with this look still fixed on the phone in his hand. “They are on their way here. I told them that they can stay at my house if they have nowhere else to go. I tried to reassure them that he will pull thru, to calm them but truth be told the situation is far from ideal. Did you get any update on Sherlock? Did a nurse …” He cut his monologue short as his eyes lied a look on Mycroft. Johns face softened and his arms fall to his side. His look was fixed on the Holmes brother who held his head low in a desperate attempted to hide his red eyes and running nose. John moved his weight from one leg to the other in his nerves manner as he did not know how to react. Is he supposed to hug Mycroft or just tell him that everything will be alright? No he can't do that, Mycroft is all too aware how serious this situation is. Another hand on the shoulder to show him that he is there for him, but at the same time not intrude? But before he could make up his mind about it Mycroft found his voice again.
Sherlock stopped and held his breath. It felt as if the name alone was a painful knife to his chest.
“I not a solder John!” Sherlock turned towards John again. He was looking him in the eyes trying to look strong but he knew he was failing at it. He felt so damn tired from it all. He just needed a break.
“Ugh the room stinked like burned flesh for weeks after that… and the maggots that got in there after that- ugh. How they crawled … Tell me Sherlock could you feel them move?”
“No, no it can’t be! Not again!” Sherlock screamed and tried to back away further. But it had no use for he was standing right in front of him again.
“Of course he did he is my brother! Keep on searching, maybe he will wake up from his drug filled dream and come back.”
When Molly saw Johns caller ID on her phone screen she was up till her elbow deep in a corpse of a young male. She thought about letting it go to voice mail, but it had been so long since she last heard of the good doctor. Every time she wanted to go visit something came up – a new body, her mother coming unannounced, her boyfriend dropping her for making a pathology joke every day… Ah so many reasons…
Shortly after that he moved his hand to this right hand. “Maybe …” He did not dare to say it out. Did not dare to admit that he had such a foolish hope.
Mycroft slid a hand down his face and cleared his throat again. “No news.” Was the brief statement he gave before he fell silent again.
“He gave you my file didn’t he? When I was in the hospital and they didn’t know what was wrong with me. He asked you for help like the idiot that he is. He probably thought that because you lived with me you noticed something and that the file would help you remember what that something is. Well that worked – the proof of that is my missing right arm. But obviously you didn’t read the whole thing or my scars wouldn’t have surprised you earlier. But you did read that he suspected me to suffer some kind of PTSD, so I assume you skipped the part where I was missing for 5 years and just read on from the moment I returned to London. I suppose you hid the file …. Under the table over there. You’ve cast your eyes on it every time you thought I was not looking. Also I suspect –“
“Of course its true! You have never in your life cared about anything. I’m sure your mother cried because of you many times. She must have felt sick to herself knowing that she gave birth to such a monster like you –“
“No buts. I have to go or I will be late. If anything happens I will have my phone with me, but only call me if it’s really necessary.” As he said this he slid his hand under his daughter knees and with the other hand he gripped her shoulder. Then he slowly lifted her as he himself stood up and put her on the couch. He grabbed a blanket and pulled it over her tiny body. Immediately she rolled up to the site and pulled the blanket closer.
Sherlock woke up with a loud gasp of horror. His eyes were wide open now and his breath was deep and fast. But no matter how much air he took in, he still felt like he was drowning. He was shaking over his whole body and the sweat was dripping down his skin.
“Mommy Sherlock was taken to the operation room. They found … They found something in his arm that was poisoning him. He .. –they have to…” he was running out of words. For the first time in his life he did not know how to say something. He felt helpless. How do you tell a mother that her child is being operated on, that he may not pull thru and even if he does he will be crippled for the rest of his life? How do you tell her that thru a phone?
But then again what could he say that would make up for all that wrong that had happened to this man? An “I’m sorry” wouldn’t cut it, he knew that. But what else could he offer? He was a broken men now. A useless toy, a shadow of his former self. His great mind was nothing without a functioning body that could operate it.
“I said no! No cutting of my arm! Put me into an artificial coma and dissolve the clot part by part.” Sherlock was shaking with rage now. The pain had made him less patient.
“I’m no solder John, I’m a civilian. I can not deal with this! I do not sleep, I feel sick every time I try to eat and truth be told I’m literary just waiting for a chance to slit my throat and be done with this shit. Also stop bringing Mary up evey time you feel like you need to lecture me. She is dead, stop making her in to a saint or martyr or what every you are tying. She is dead, let her be.”
“You left Rosie with Sherlock? By herself? Do you really think that was smart? I mean, don’t get me wrong, Sherlock is an adult and all but he can act like a child himself sometimes. I’m not sure that he is the best preosn to look after a little human being. Also aren’t you afrait that he might try and run away again? Or try and buy drugs?”
“Well you did do it.” Said Sherlock before John could finish. Sherlock aimed the gun at John and before he could react a shot was fired.
“It could. But the chance of success is very very slim. His body is too weak for this. His heart would give in after a day.” The older brothers face darkened again over the bad news. Couldn’t something good happen just once?
“How they feasted upon your rotting flesh? Or did I burn off all your nerves there? You sure did scream like a little girl when I was burning it off–“
“Tell them I’m coming. I’ll be there in 15.” With that John hung up and started to look for his jacket. He quickly snacked it off the chair and headed to the door when suddenly he heard a weird noise. John turned around and saw that Sherlock body started to shake violently. John dropped his jacked and ran back to Sherlocks bed. He pressed the red button on the wall that notified the medical staff of the situation. But this time John did not intend to just watch. He lowered Sherlock bed and checked his pupils. They were constricted – so the morphine from the overdose last night was still in his system? John checked the detective’s airway and noticed that Sherlock was having trouble breathing. Something was seriously wrong. There was also a good chance that the detective would vomit, so John knew that he had to insert a tube to ensure that Sherlock could breathe normally. Finally, some nurses rushed into the room together with a young doctor.
“Well he started of light - 3 boxes of cigarettes for about a week than he started with weed. The guilt that he felt for not being able to save Mary drew him to heroine. We tried to help him - I, Mrs Hutson, Molly and Grag – but it was of no use. Once he started there was no way we could get him to stop. But then after 2 and a half months he started to use cocaine and morphine. Now you know that cocaine is nothing new for him, but never in his 36 years has he used morphine. He always said that it made him sleepy and that it massed with his brain so he never touched it. At first I thought that he was just trying out new things. That your absence left a hole in him that he tried to fill, but the amount and frequency with which he used it became dangerously high.”
Otherwise let me know what you think of this chapter. Is it too dark? I appreciate all comments and suggestion.
“Ow stop it John, it would be my pleasure. And I'm sure Sherlock would do nothing to hurt her” said the (not) housekeeper.
“I know Sherlock. I know you are not a solder. You are human. You are scared. Don’t worry, we will get through this.”
“Hello, it’s been some time! Listen can I call you later, now is really not a good time,” as she said this she decided to continue with the autopsy. She had 2 more to do today so she could not afford to slack off.
“Ow hell yes I do! You might not like it but I am your brother. I just want what’s best for you, and if that means I have to strap you down and cut off your arm myself to save you then bloody hell I will!”
had promised Sherlock that he would hunt him down and make everyone he loved pay. He could not let this happen.
“Would you boys keep it down! Sherlock is sleeping” The small angry voice came from Mrs Hudson who just came up the stairs to join the conversation. John took a deep breath and ran his hand over his face.
“It was a dream. It was just a dream …” He ran his hand over his stomach where a gaping hole was just a few moments ago. Nothing -  no blood, no pain, no knife. Just his sweaty shirt and his flat stomach. It really was just a dream.
“He … he hasn’t been eating and he is not taking his medication that well. The physical therepy is making only little progress. H-He is like a skeleton; his bones are sticking out so much that you could count them. I’ve tried to convince him to eat, if for nothing else so that he would stumack his medicine better, but he just won’t listen. He looks like he could fall over any minut and I just don’t know what to do. He has become so distant. I can’t reach him, it’s like there is a wall between us. Everytime I want to talk to him he says he is tired and goes to his room. Yet evey morning that he comes out of it he looks worse then the night before. Like he hadn’t slept at all. He is trying to play it off. Convince me that he si trying his best and that he is fine but … But I think that he is far from fine. Molly I worry about him. I worry what he might do to himself.”
This chapter is a bit darker. It involves mention and actions of torture and mentions suicide. It is dark but it is something that happened to Sherlock and what I think he was going through.
“I said don’t touch me. I can do it myself. I’m not broken.” Said Sherlock as he struggled to get himself back on his legs. John stared at the man realizing how the detective thought everyone saw him.
“Yea? Well then stop acting like it.” After several attempts he finally managed to “stand” on his own two feet. It was a wobbly stand and he was leaning on the wall but he was standing.
Truth be told he never really felt like his arm was really “gone”. Everything happened so fast lately he had hardly time to make sense of it. First Mary, then Johns outburst, then he almost got killed, then the story with his arm, the flash back (that truth be told he still has not worked though) and now John moving back in together with Rosy. And in all that time he was quietly suffering, hoping, praying that the next day would be less painful than the last one.
“Pain … There it is again my old friend. Thought I got rid of you but here you are again. Never leaving my side, always reminding me of how weak I am. How pathetic and worthless I am. And the darkness … of course I can’t forget about the darkness.” Most of the five years that he was on the run he spent in the dark. Best way to get around undetected but also a good way to go mad. The voices that came with the dark were always so loud and unclear. Some were
“I swear to god if you ask me this one more time I will scream.” The detective rolled his eyes as he said this but he could not help but get a bit worried.
“I’ve known for a couple of years that’s true. I helped find him when he disappeared once and Mycroft didn’t know where else to look. I found him in one of his secret hiding places, so high on cocaine that it would kill an elephant. From there on I often helped search for him and later on treating him. I was always afraid of one time not finding him in time. But when he met you, he got better, I could tell. He didn’t disappear anymore, he looked happier and he talked more. Not to me of course, but to you. He talked to you. And he didn’t want you to look at him differently. He didn’t want you to look at him like damaged goods. Thats why he asked me to never tell you. He just wanted to keep the relationship that you had.”
“Even Mycroft knows it. You are nothing, your worthless. Before we could at least use you to solve crimes … now you won’t even be able to do that. You’re just a waist of space and air. It would have been for the best if you never had returned from the shit hole called Siberia.” Sherlock could feel a tear slide down his cheek. His lower lip was trembling just like his whole body. He could not tell if it was because of the pain, the cold of because of John’s cruel words that he started to shake like that but now he just could not calm down.
of October it is. Three day more of pretending and then I can go” he whispered to himself as he pushed himself of the bed and started to get dressed.
The once so mighty and godlike detective looked nothing like himself right now. He was pale, his face a mess of tears and dirt. His eyes were blood shot, his body trembling like an earthquake from the cold. He was wearing nothing but his hospital gown which provided him zero protection from the cold November weather. His feet were cut open in multiple places and bloody. On his streched out arm was dried blood and a deep flash wound where the IV needle was ripped out. John could not see how the state of the amputated arm for it was covered with the hospital gown, but he could only hope that none of the stiches ripped.
The voice was still wispering dark words in his ear but he tried to ignore it as the painkillers kicked back in - sending him in to the embrace of darkniss.
After a while the voices stopped and soon he could hear footsteps down the stairs. That had to be Mrs Hudson - she would always glide her right hand along the wall as she was walking down making a silent noise that made Sherlocks hair stand up. Soon after another noise -  this was John. Slow and heavy footsteps. He must be carrying Rosy in his arms for the noise is louder than usual.
Sherlock stepped closer to her  and dropped on his knees to be in her sight. He slightly petted her on her shoulder and unknowingly mimicked her crying face letting out a quiet cry himself.
“Murderer.” Was all that John said before he stood up and walked away. The word let Sherlock go numb for a second before he starched his hand out toward John.
“He was shot. Mycrofts men managed to shoot him when they stormed the bunker to rescue me. His body was never found for the bunker exploded shortly after they managed to get me out of that hell hole, but the men were sure that he was dead. End even if he survived the shot the explosion would have finished him for sure.”
It’s been 5 days since John moved back in. And 2 days since Rosy came. Sherlock didn’t have anything against John moving back in. All he said was: “It was logical that Mycrost would ask you. He still sees us as friends.”
“It’s ok Sherlock I got you. You’re save now.” John tried to wrap an arm around the shivering detective, but he moved out of his touch.
And so Sherlock walked around the flat for the next 15 to 20 minutes. Humming old songs with little Rosie in arm till she finally stopped crying. By that time Sherlock was exhausted. Even though she was little, she was still heavy in his arm so that it felt as if he could drop her at any given moment. He went back to the couch to put her down but as soon as she realized his intent she started crying again.
The café was really small and modest compared to the whole hospital. It looked old and one could see that no one really invested any real money in to it. The whole room stunk after smoke and the tea was not good at all. Seriously how could one fuck up a cup of tea? It’s just water and a tea bag, it’s not rocket science. John kept on drinking his poor excuse of a tea and waited for Mycroft to show up. He was supposed to be here 15 min ago. Finally, he showed up with a briefcase in one and an umbrella in his other hand. Was there a time that this man would not drag his umbrella along? The sun was shining outside, there was not even one cloud on the sky, yet he still had his black umbrella. John was almost sure that the man was even showering with it.
He could feel pain. So much pain - where was it comming from? Why did it hurt so much? Make it stop! Please make it stop! John! John where are you?
John did not follow them. He didn’t feel like he had the right to be in that room right now. He wasn’t family. He went behind Sherlock back and changed his life forever. Sherlock was going to hate him. He will never want to see him again. And that was ok because John didn’t want to see Sherlock again too, right? He was still mad at him for killing his wife right? Or was he? Truth be told he didn’t really know if he was still mad. Right now he was just happy that Sherlock was alive. His emotions were a storm of joy, guilt, fear and so much more. He set down again in the waiting room and just stared in front of himself, just thinking about this whole situation. And before he knew it he drifted off in to a deep deep slumber.
“Of cour - … Of course I can bloody hear you. I’m not deaf” the voice was little and beardly audible. It even broke mid sentence. He did not move, did not look at John, but still stared in front of himself looking at seemingly nothing.
“No. Fuck you, I’m not leaving. Not until you tell me what the fuck is going on with you. What the hell happened? Where is all this coming from?” said John and slammed the door shut.
“You don’t understand what’s it like to have a mind like mine. It keeps on raging; never stopping, always looking for something new to chew on or it starts to eat itself! The nightmares that I have off all the terrible things stored in my palace! You don’t know how I hate how the sun shines throe the window in the morning! How images of death flash before my eyes each and every day, just because for one moment I forget to control my mind! How many times has my mind imagined you dead! You think having a mind like mine is a gift? It’s nothing but a bloody curse!” Sherlock feels his finger press against the trigger. His breath becoming deeper and slower.
“John I never meant to let her die. It was supposed to be me! It was always supposed to be me –“ he cried out loud not caring if the other man would find him now. Nothing matter to him anymore. His vison was all blurry from the pain and the tears that filled his eyes. His throat felt sore and was slowly closing up. He felt as if he couldn’t breathe.
“No, no don’t touch Gorge… Please not him …” said Sherlock under his breath. He was shaking now. It was too much. The crying, the screaming of a child … it brought it all back. He had to get out of here. He had to get out now, but his body did not obey him. He could not move, all he could do was stare in to the ground and pray that it would all be over soon.
Suddenly there was a sound of glass shattering and Sherlock just jumped out of his chair and pushed himself into the corner of the room. He pulled his knees to his chest and covered his head with his hand. He needed to make himself small, he needed to make himself as small as possibly -  if you are small then there is not much surface where they could hurt you.
“Sherlock, it me. I’m real. No one is chasing you. It’s just you and me. Come on, let me help you. You’re save. Sherlock look at me.” John moved in to the eye line of the detective. “Look at me.”
“Mike, darling? Is everything alright? Why are you calling at such an ungodly hour? Are you alright?” Her voice was a little bit husky and he could hear the TV playing in the background. She probably fell asleep watching the old gameshow that she loves so much. Now he could hear father calling her and asking who is calling. He sounds worried, as if he already knew that something was wrong.
“Is that not normal for him? To not listen and to be in his own little word? MH” John could almost see Mycrofts eyes role.
“No, no… It was Harry. She ask for some money again.” Said John dismissively. He did not want to tip Sherlock off. If he knew that John suspects him of anything he could do something stupid.
On the other end of the apartment Sherlock was suffering because of his past again. All the pain and trauma was crawling back again and Sherlock dealt with it the only way he now how to - by suppressing it and having even more dark thoughts.
“You don’t have a choice Sherlock! It’s either that or death, and frankly I do not wish to bury my brother!” Now it was Mycroft who was screaming. John had totally forgotten that he was here too. Sherlock look shoot to his brother, this time filled with contempt. Jup jup even in massive pain he still had enough strength to shoot a painful glare at him.
“Christ Sherlock!” John screamed and dug at the shoot. “There is no one! It’s just you and me! Stop this, stop this now!” John was scared now, Sherlock could tell. His voice changed, his muscles tightened … he took his battle pose. He was ready for a battle. “You almost shot him. Tsc Tsc Sherlock, who would have thought that sexy mind of your could drive you up the wall like that,” the Woman appeared in front of him, sliding her soft hand down his cheek.
When John came back to Baker Street he was more then 30 minutes late. He was slightly panicking on the inside as Sherlock didn’t pick up his phone when he called earlier to let them know that he was going to be late.
He could feel his phone buzzing in his pocket. John must have woken up and notice that he was missing. Double damn it.
“Sherlock let me help you. You need help. Did a stich rip? What happened to your nose?” Tried John again, just to see his words fall on deaf ears.
John was always his life boat, even if he did not know that. Sherlock always loved John no matter what. Even after John cut Sherlocks arm off, Sherlock still loved him. And that made those word so much more painful.
His sobbing was uncontrollable, his shaking unbearable. He tried to pull himself together, be the strong, emotionless Holmes brother he is known to be, but he simply could not put the mask back on. He was broken, scared and exposed like he has never been before. “Unknown situation – danger” was the only thing his brain was able to compose, but he could not do anything about it.
“I always thought you were useless in all fields, brother dearest, but this surpasses even my expectations.” Spat Mycrofts voice from the other side of the room. This time Sherlock didn’t even bother to look that way. He knew thoes voices were just in his head. A representation of his doubt, his fear.  There was no one else but him and Rosie in this room. No Mycroft, no Iren. Just him and Rosie.
“I can’t just leave everything I have and take care of Sherlock 24/7. I have a life, a daughter I have to provide for. “
“Go after him, I will take care of Sherlock!” John yelled at the police man while he ran to Sherlocks’ side. He did not look to check if the man listened to him he just wanted to get to Sherlock.
“For the love of God Mycroft shut up!” Another shot fired, John retreating a bit again. It was all too much for the detective. His mind, now the hallucinations, God damn him for not taking a bigger dose of the drug, than his mind would be too intoxicated to function. For the way that it was now it was working even faster than usual. Sherlock could simply not catch up to his own mind. John tried to move forward again and Sherlock pointed the gun at him.
He looked around himself to find something with which he could distract Rosie from the letter. He did not want her to destroy some clues. He noticed the rattle on the table next to him and have it to her. Her little fingers closed around it and a big smile grew on her face as she started to shake it. Sherlock put his arm around her as to prevent her from falling of his lap, yet still have the ability to inspect the letter. God damn it! It would be so much easier if he still had two arms! Or at least if they amputated his left and not his dominant hand.
“Alright then.” John took a deep breath, convincing himself to count to 10 to calm down. Again he had been at the butt of the joke. But now was not the time for that.
As Sherlock opened his bedroom door he could hear a faint little voice that belonged to John saying:
“You did it for me didn’t you John? You did it to avenge me. To get justice for my death …” John followed the hand and saw a familiar face. He felt his heart drop when he looked in to the eyes of his beloved.
“I will arrange your move here. You go and take care of … that” Said Mycroft and pointed at the bathroom. Mrs Hudson rolled her eyes at Mycroft and patted John on the shoulder. “I will go make some tea.”
“I have a psychologist waiting in front of his room. Also my parent are with him all the time. They don’t want to leave his side again till he wakes up and they make sure that he is ok.”
“No, you are not real. I – I was talking to John this whole time. You’re not John. I-I have to run. The man could find me anytime..- I have to…” The detective tried to stand up but his legs would not hold him. John tried to move close enough to catch him but he was a bit to slow and Sherlock fell down hard on his knees. Wait a sec... What did he mean that John wasn’t real? Was he having hallucinations and if so for how long? What does he think is real right now? John needed to somehow show Sherlock what was real and what not or this could get dangerous.
“Then all the cells would go thru his whole body there by poisoning and later on killing him. And we can’t put him on strong antibiotics because of his weak heard and kidneys,” realized John as he was listening to Mycrofts stuttering explanation. Johns mind was running full speed trying to come up with another plan but he could not think of anything.
“According to them that would almost most certainly kill him. As much as I undersood the clot is like a wall right now. It keeps all the dead cells of the arm out of the main body flow. If that “wall” is to be destroyed –“
You can even write me. If you ever just need a person to talk to and not feel judged I'm here for you. You can find me on tumblr, pinterest, instagram or you can just write me here. You are worthy of love no matter what people say. I love you.
“Little help here?” said Sherlock annoyed, but John just kept staring at him, ignoring the cry of his offspring. The crying just grew louder and more hysterical. Sherlock tried to calm her somehow, but slowly the voice in his head came back again and with it his panic. He grew anxious and he needed Rosie to stop or this was not gonna end well.
Not long after he started screaming at everybody to leave him alone and they answered him with sedatives. Soon enough he was again embraced by darkness.
After some time, John pulled his phone out of his pocked and dilled a number. “Hello Jenny? Yes, I won’t be able to come in today …”
“Sherlock, put down the gun,” John tried to speak as softly and calmly as he possibly could, slowly stepping towards the high detective. Sherlock’s mind was running again, screaming, collapsing in on itself. It felt as if he was trapped in a small room and the walls started to close in on him. Every move, every noise – everything felt so damn loud! The gun in his hand went off again, this time shooting at the window. The glass broke in a loud manner, shattering in to thousand pieces. Sherlock could hear Mrs Hudson whimper in fear and Watson telling her to go downstairs. John, that’s right … he was gone when his mind started to scratch itself raw. Sherlock tried to repress his mind, occupy it with a case, but the case was too easy, the answer so obvious, so obvious! It was the maid, it’s always the bloody maid how come Scotland Yard can never figure that out!
“John? … John why did you let them do this?” Sherlock was standing in front of him in his typical white shirt but this time something was off. Slowly a red color started to spread from where his right arm should have been, soon coloring the whole sleeve into a dark red.
“Damn it, Mary!” he said quietly to himself and started walking home. His apartment was empty, Rosie was with relatives… He needed some time for himself. Everything that he saw somehow reminded him of Mary, but also of Sherlock. He blamed Sherlock for her death. Sherlocks big mouth, his ego were the reason that Mary died. He promised he would keep her save! He made an oath and he did not uphold it! Mary died right in front of him and he did nothing. John knows that he is just shifting the blame on Sherlock to make himself feel better, for deep down he know that Sherlock could have done nothing to prevent her death. It just happened. If someone were to blame then that would be John. He let Mary go along, he was not at her side when it happened, he could not save her.
“Well, as you know Sherlock hasn’t been doing so well lately. And that’s putting it mild.” Said John and nervesly looked down at his drink. He did not know why but he was extrimly nervus to talk about this to Molly. He didn’t know how much she already knew and if it was even ok for him to talk to her about this but he was at the and of his rope and he needed help. Mycroft could not provide that so he had the right to search for it elsewhere. Right?
“Sherlock, can you hear me? Are you alright?” There it was again. That soft and warm voice. Nothing like the voice that was talking to him the last couple of hours. What was going on? Was he finally losing it? Was his maid betraying him now too? He looked in the direction where John was sitting before – nothing.
“He is stable. Still asleep. They say that he should wake any minute now. Thought they said that 5 hours ago to so I don’t really believe them.” Said Mycroft and rolled his eyes like the diva he is.
“I had to bury you once! I buried enough friends during the war and then you went and forced me to do it again. I will not ... no, I CAN'T do it a second time!”
His head was spinning again the voice ringing in his ears. He was in the cellar again. Locked up, with his hands and legs in shackles. His mouth gagged as to prevent him from speaking – from saving himself. He could feel hands all over his body. It made him feel sick.
“Are you sure about this?” Asked Mycroft and the doctor almost at the same time. John looked down at the floor for a brief second before he confidently looked back up again.
“John you’re a good doctor and all but you missed 8 shifts with no explanation. And when you do come you always look distracted. I’m sorry but I have to let you go. I know you have a lot going on but –“ John didn’t want to listen to this anymore. He hung up on the call and took a deep breath.
“Sherlock are you listening to me?” Said John again as Sherlock reached the top of the stairs leaning heavily on the door frame. Sherlock could hear the doors downstairs open and close. Huh … Mrs Hudson must have left … Ow right the walk with Rosy …
After about more 5 minutes the doctor gave a final nod to the Holmes brother and left. John watched as the now small looking man was left standing there like a deer in front of headlights. John slowly walked towards him and put his arm on his shoulder. “Mycroft … how is he?” was all that John could get out at that point.
“I really hit him Grag. Hit him hard,” said John and looked down at his hands. His knuckles were bruised from when he punched Sherlock in the face and his foot was still hurting from when he kicked him. When did it come to this? When did John start to hate Sherlock so much? When did he become a person that would hurt someone who is already on the ground, helpless and nothing but a shadow of his former self?
“There will be no need for my parents to stay with you, I will have them settled in a nearby hotel, thank you Doctor.” He extended his hand towards John without raising his head in a request to get his phone back. As John was passing him the device he tried to come up with something smart to say but his mind was just blank. “What about Sherlock?” John wanted to punch himself in the face for not coming up with something better to say than that.
Sherlock is finally in the OR and Mycroft is starting to feel the consequences of the past few weeks. All the pressure, all the stress is taking over until he finally breaks.
After he heard the door to John’s room close he shoot of of his bed and made his way in to the kitchen. He needed those pain meds if he wanted to sleep at least a little bit today or simply didn’t want to lose his mind.
Sherlock almost jumped when he heard those words. Did he make John feel like a bad man? Yes of course he did, he practically spelled it out to him just a few minutes ago. But this was not the point he wanted his speech earlier to make!
He was sitting on the edge of his bed in total darkness still pressing his scarf against his broken nose. He could feel drops of sweat dripping off his skin as the pain he felt increased. He wanted to take some painkillers but they were in the kitchen and he really didn’t want to go back out there. Not after what he said to John.
“You mean the daughter who you have left with relatives for the last two weeks?” Mycroft gave John a judging look with a raised eyebrow. John looked at the man slightly stunt but then he remembered … he is practically talking to the English secret serves.
“Just sign here and they can start.” Said John again and handed him a pen that he pulled out of his pocked.
It was Johns and Sherlock’s first case together – lady in pink. The taxi driver that forced his victims to take poisons pills with him. Sherlock was crazy enough to almost take the pill just to proof that he was right and that was when John shot the taxi driver to save him. Of course they made it so that John was never charged with murder, but it still was Sherlock’s and his little secret moment of trust. It was the moment he knew that he can trust Sherlock and that Sherlock can trust him.
Johns voice was shaking as he ended his monolog and his eyes were wide open like that of a deer in front of headlights. He was now looking at Molly – trying to figure out what she was thinking. She was quiet, her face that of a statue. Her mouth was slightly opened and her eyes fix on John. She always cared about Sherlock (too much to be honest), so hearing how he is withering away always hurt her.
Was he reassuring Morans death to John or himself? He could still hear Sebastians voice in his head next to Moriartys and the woman’s. He could feel Sebastian hands on his skin and pain of his knife as it cut throe his tender flash. But no, no Moran was dead. Mycroft told him so multiple times. He knew when his brother was lying to him and this was not the time. Or was it? Damn it, Sherlock was falling in to his panic again. He needed to calm down right now.
This may have slipped by Sherlocks blurred receptors but not passed Mycroft. After a minute of short conversation with Sherlock he followed John to the doctor’s office. When he arrived John had just finished talking to the doctor. “What is your plan of action John? I know you have something up your sleeve” Said Mycroft some hope returning to his voice.
He had no right to say anything. He had no right do be there. He was not family. He wasn't even a friend anymore.
The doctor deflected his attention to his little daughter that was playing on the ground and gave her a soft pat on the head. At least he could still look out for her. She didn’t need much; she was easy to read. All she needed was food and love. Nothing more. She was still untouched by the world, still innocent. She did not see yet how twisted people could be. How cruel they could be.
Shortly after that the door to the room opened and Sherlock held his breath. If he were to be found now he had no chance of escaping he was too weak for that. One footstep, two footsteps, stop, another footstep and the sound of the door opening again.
“Mother? What are you doing here? Father? What –Ugh!” and that was the exact moment the pain kicked in. Sherlock let out a quiet scream of pain before he looked down at his right arm. Or better said to where his arm should be. His eyes went wide with horror and his mouth formed one straight line as he pressed his lips tightly together. He slowly let go of John arm and with the fingertips of his left hand he brushed over what remained of his right arm.
thought of them that way. I think Moriarty was just using him for his talents and maybe even for fun. He always did like his pets. And as to why not kill me; killing someone is eazy. Its quick and not really satisfying. Even a monkey can do it. Torture - now that is something that can go on as long as you want it to. If you torture someone for long enough he will break and when he does you can do what ever you want with him. It's a form of humiliation as well as submison. No matter how strong, how proud a person is, if you torture him for long enough you can make him your toy. And when that happens, well ...
“Here you are again Sherlock. Lying on the ground like the trash you are.” Sherlock looked to his left, seeing the man laying on the ground next to him.
John also fell because of the push, falling back in to the living room on his ass. The painful shout of the detective pierced his ears and without really thinking he leaped towards Sherlock again. The detective was squeezing his amputated limb as his face became a sweaty and disfigured image of his boney face.
Thank you all for your love and support! This chapter is a bit longer, so about sorry. I hope you like it and if you do leave a kudo. Write a comment so i know what you think of it or how you would like to improve my writing.
“Shit.” Was all that he could say as his mind started to be flooded with ‘what ifs’. What if she wakes? What if she cries? What if he accidently poisoned her with cyanide?
“Sir you need to step away or we will call security – “the young doctor started again but John was having none of it.
But he could not end his life just yet. He had to make sure everyone was safe, that after he died everyone would be ok. Plus, Mycroft must be watching him 24/7 now. He knew that people knew that he was suicidal so they were keeping a close eye on him. He was sure that there were at least 3 camaras in his room right now. Even if he did try to kill himself - if people were to find him they would try to safe him again and he did not want that. This time he wanted it to be final. He will convince everyone that he is fine. That he can deal with it all. And when they finally leave him alone – that will be the time that he will end his suffering.
Sherlock tried to follow the instruction, taking every suggestion as if it were an order. He didn’t even spit any of his usual witty remarks. He just took it quietly and after it was done he said he felt tired and went back to his room.  John had tried to talk to him, make him see a therapist or to just tell him what was wrong but it was useless.
“I remembered a legal loop hole in this whole thing. We can not force Sherlock to do something even if it is in his own medical interest. But if he is unconscious his guardian or whoever he has given the authority over his health decides what to do. So if Sherlock is in a medically induced come  -“
Sherlock wanted to object, but he knew it was true. He did let them all down … and they died. John did not die … at least not yet.
“Get the hell away from him! All of you, away!” John was pulling the nurses away when the doctor stepped infront of him. It was the same one from last week, the young, smug doctor who thought he ate knowledge with a fucking spoon. Ugh, fuck it. John was about to punch the young doc in the face when Mycrofts voice cut throe Sherlocks screams. “Let him! Let Dr Watson do his job!” That was all John needed to hear. He looked at the doctor and send him a small victory smirk before he stepped to the screaming Detective. He could see how the Detective was twisting and turning his body, trying to somehow lessen the pain. His jaw was tightly pressed together (when he was not screaming) making his already sharp jaw line stand out even more. Small drops of sweat were forming on his forehead and upper lip and his skin was so pale he looked white as a sheet.
A sudden little squeeze of his hand managed to snap him out of his thoughts. He almost jumped away for the bed as he realized that Sherlock squeeze his hand. “Mycroft, I think he is waking up. Sherlock? Sherlock can you hear me? If you can squeeze my hand again.”
John looked towards the ground and just shook his head. “Nothing of importance you say…. Ok…” Suddenly the doctor stood up and marched across the room to his desk. From out of his top right drawer (just like Sherlock suspected) he pulled out a thick medical file and walked back toward his seat. He flopped back in to it and flipped the file open.
“Well you know. We still keep going.” He answered and gave her another faint smile. Damn this was serious then wasn’t it? They decited to go upstairs in to the labrotory where there was a coffee maker. That way they could talk like half way normal people. The walk upstairs was filled with stupid little questions about the water and other unimportant stuff. As they were waiting for the coffee machine to make the blessed drink they started to talk about little Rosie.
“Ow come on Sherlock your just as bad as Moriarty! You do not care about people! You don’t care about me, Grag, Molly or even Mrs Hutson. We’re all just toys to you. Stupid little toys that are there to make you feel better, to make you feel superior.”
John reached to touch the detectives shoulder, but before he could reach it Sherlock slapped it away. The sudden move made Sherlock lose balance again making him tumble forward. John instinctively leaped forward to catch him but as soon as he touched the detective he pushed him away again. Sherlock fell back on the door frame (thank god not down the stairs) lending directly on his amputated arm. A scream escaped his throat and white light blinded him for a second as the pain shot through him.
He did not notice when he started to sob or when his blood started to drop down his chin. He somehow managed to flip himself on his back so that he could watch the sky as the blood from his nose started flowing down along his cheek bones on to his earlobe and on the ground. He wanted to move to a wall and lean up against it but he just felt so tired and in so much pain. He could taste the blood in his mouth. The bitter metal taste …
“Ow for god’s sake, John! You make it sound as if I wanted to leave you! I had to! I had to stop Moriaty and that was the only way to do so!”
“Yes…ugh… I understand. What do we do then if we can’t just get rid of the clot? Antibiotics?” Sherlocks voice was shaking, you could tell he was trying his best not to scream out in pain again. John knew how much such a condition hurt. He'd seen it once before. It was on a middle aged man, but he had the clot in his leg. He was screaming like crazy just like Sherlock now. The man was an army veteran who lived thru a lot of pain in his life but that was a new class of pain even for him. It was recommended that his leg would be amputated but he refused. Later he agreed to a partial amputation. But that just left him with a half function leg and pain for a life time.
“About a year… probably a few months more. Mycroft managed to find me eventually by infiltrating the mob himself and rescuing me. Together we managed to take down the last piece of Moriartys spider web known as the Siberian mob. The physical recovery after that took about as long as the captivity itself and well mentally I’m still not totally there as you had the pleasure of seeing earlier. Well are we done yet? I really do not feel that well so I would –“
Suddenly the laughter stopped. Sherlock stayed in his protective position till he heard someone call out his name. He slowly removed his hands from his ears and opened his eyes.
Rosy was most of the time downstairs with Mrs Hudson. When she would be upstairs with John, Sherlock would leave the room as to not disturb them. John tried to make Sherlock engage with Rosy but he just said that he was tired every time John tried, and so after some time John stopped trying.
“You know what, I’m not going to listen to this. I knew it was a mistake to come today. Good bye, Mycroft. Please, lose my number.” John was already standing up form the table when Mycroft grabbed him by the arm.
As she was telling him this he could see tears building up in Mollys eyes. For all those years she was the keeper of Sherlocks secret and the worry that it brought with it left its tool on her.
John took another sip of his tea before he put his cup down on the table next to him. He needed to talk to Sherlock but did not know how to start. That’s when he saw a letter being stuffed in Sherlocks chest pocket. That’s right, the letter! That’s a good conversation started.
Everyone in the room was holding their breath. No one dared to say anything. Mycroft slowly backed out the room to get the doctor but otherwise everything was still. After what felt like forever Sherlock took a deep breath and then looked at John.
John was about to open the file when Mycroft put his hand on it. “Dr Watson you have to know that this file has also his whole previous medical history written in it. There are many things in it that Sherlock does not want you to know. Things that he forbid me to ever tell you, but at this point I don’t know who else to trust.”
“Don’t you think I tried that? I haired the best psychologist that there is in England and Sherlock made him cry within an hour of their session. If Sherlock doesn’t decide to let someone close, I can do nothing. The fact that you managed to find him and convinced him to let you help him is more than I could manage in the last couple of months.”
“It’s no problem to me, it’s nice to have the laughter of children in the house and not that of gunshots ... But John are you really ok? I can talk to Sherlock for you if you want to,” said the old housekeeper again, stepping closer to him and placing her hand on his shoulder.
“It’s on the table in the kitchen. Mrs Hudson brought it up earlier. I think there is a letter there for you.” Sherlock did not say anything as to acknowledge Johns answer, but John could hear paper being thrown around. “
“Remember Sherlock … Remember what I promised you …” the voice was almost sweet in its whispering. Like a long lost lover that finally came back from war. But this was no lover, nor even someone Sherlock would ever like to see again.
It was 2 P.M. the next time John looked up on the clock. He just spent the last two hours sitting is his chair, crying his eyes out over a man that he thought he hated.
“It’s ok Sherlock I got you. You’re save now.” John wrapped an arm around the shivering detective, but he moved out of his touch.
Suddenly a plate fell to the ground and made a loud rattling sound that tore Sherlock back to reality. Instinctively he pulled his arm over his head, tying to protect it as if he was going to get hit again. His whole body was tense and his breath hitched. When his eyes managed to analyze the situation it was obvious that little Rosie just thru the plate off her table. He was in no danger; no one was going to hurt him here … Right?
John stood up and grabbed his phone of the table. Without turning his eyes away from the MRI pictures he dialed Mycroft’s number. It rung barely once before the older Holmes brother picked it up.
“But he was my friend. And when he offered me a hand to help I spit in his face. I almost killed him, Mrs Hudson.”
“Becouse I want to know now. I know I was selfish in the past. I was consumed in my pain and anger. But Sherlock talk to me. Why did you leave me alone? Why did you let me believe you were dead when almost everyone else knew you were alive. Why was I left to be the fool?”
John slowly raised his head from the floor and cupped little Rosies cheek in his hand. His eyes were puffy and red with tears still streaming down his cheek. His nose was running and his throat was hurting from all the crying. He must have looked like a mess. Still little Rosy smiled at him and put her little hands on his face as to cup his cheeks in return.
He needed to ask Sherlock about this. If John really wanted to help Sherlock, he needed to know everything. And for that they needed to start with what happened with Sherlock in the 5 years that he was “dead”. John needed to ask the right questions and for once - really listen to the detective.
It was just 15 min away from the hospital if you knew your way around the streets, so John arrived there before Mycroft. He didn’t know why he didn’t just tell Mycroft the address and let him handle it. It was truly strange but something in him made him go to this old dump and check it out himself.
“No Sherlock that’s not it I- “ John tried to move towards Sherlock. He wanted to look at his wound, treat it, help him but for some reason he did not move an inch.
“You’re right… I could never shoot you. Not you… Everyone, but not you,” Sherlock looked at John’s tired but worried face. Sherlock slowly bend his arm and soon the edge of the gun pressed against his temple.
Sherlock was almost sagging in his chair next to the fire place with little Rosie spread over his chest – both sleeping peacefully. Sherlock had his hand on Rosies back for support and warmth, and she was gripping tight to his white shirt leaving a trail of saliva on it.
He walked by a jewelry store and couldn’t help but to feel nostalgic. This was the shop where he bought Marys’ engagement ring. He remembered because he was deciding on it for weeks before he finally bough it. Subconsciously he slid his fingers over the place where his wedding ring was and he had to chock down a quiet whine.
“Patient came to us unresponsive, but regained conscious after about 3 minutes. Patient is confused and feels sick. Suspected concussion. Multiple lacerations on upper back – poseable cause: whipping. Deep partial-thickness (aka. second degree) and full-thickness (aka. third degree) burns on lower back. Signs of serious infection (redness, smell and pus)– recommended treatment with strong antibiotics and later the use of a skin graft. Serious third degree burns on both feet: recommended removal of the dead flash and replacement with skin graft. Multiple bruised and broken ribs. Patient seems to be having trouble breathing – sound of breading is not well audible. Suspected water in lungs. Visible needle injections points on inner right arm and in the back of the knee. Burned off fingertips of the right index, middle and ring finger. Suspected multiple breaks of bones in both arms … Shall I go on, or are you ready to talk to me?“ said John and finally looked up from the file to see a look on Sherlocks face that he had not yet seen before. It was a mixture of shame and pain. John was taken aback by it, not really sure on how to proceed.
“It has everything to do with you. It’s not like my brother and I are not capable of displaying or feeling emotions. It’s just that we choose not to show them because it’s to dangerous. We go up against psychopaths every day and having an emotional connection to someone makes you weak, it makes you distracted. So we absented ourselves from everything and everyone. Or at least I did, Sherlock was tempted more often. When you came you became his weak point. I told him that that would not end well, not for him nor for you, and sadly I was right. When Mary died it broke you. But it destroyed Sherlock – you John were his downfall.”
Mary wanted him to protect her family and that he will do or he will die trying. He had a debt to her that he could never repay but he could sure as hell try. If that meant that he couldn’t throw himself of a bridge and escape his pain then so be it. He was ready to suffer every day, go thru a thousand Siberias just to protect those who were precious to her --- and to him.
“Redbeared?” He said with a broken voice. He leaned down and pushed his finger thru the dogs fur. His finger slipped thru it and soon he felt the warm, wet brush of a tongue up against his cheek.
As he was lying there on the cold frozen ground he finally realized – everything had changed. The missing arm was going to be a problem for it is a REAL problem – not like the ghost that hunt him during the nights. This was something that would not go away with time. This was … shit.
“Go to hell Sherlock. Go and this time - don’t come back!” The knife came speeding at him again with Johns eyes looking cold as ice. Sherlock tried to move away but he was frozen. There was nothing he could but wait for the person who he once trusted most to deliver the final blow.
“Take drugs? No I don’t think so. Last week he went for a ‘walk’ and came back with a bloody nose, but I think he genially won’t do drugs as long as Rosie is in the house.” Molly just nodded and looked away as if this was not what she really wanted to ask. Did she know about Sherlock suicidal tendencis?
“They tried to put me down too, old friend. I-“ as he was about to look back at his old companion he suddenly saw blood on his hands - holding a dead Redbeared. He jumped away from the gruesome sight, looking around himself in sheer terror.
He wanted to laugh and cry at the same time. He had become so pathetic. He didn’t want to be here anymore. He didn’t want to stand up from his bed. He just didn’t want to anymore.
Where was he? Why was it so dark and cold? He could not remember how he got there. He was barefoot – feet bloody and stiff from pain. Was he running? Yes, right he was running from something –someone? He tried to remember but his mind was so blurry he couldn’t remember a thing. He remembered running, feeling scared, hearing Johns voice telling him to hide before he passed out.
“Sherlock?” John almost whispered in Sherlock direction. He squatted down next to the shaken detective and placed his hand on his cheek. “Sherlock can you hear me?”
“No, no you’re not real. You’re not! You wouldn’t be that nice to me. I killed her! I killed your wife and you took my arm for it! You’re not him! You hate me.”
“What diference does it make if I tell you or you read it in that bloody file? Why do you care now anyway? You didn’t care before. You never did.” Spat Sherlock back and tried to free his arm of Johns grip, but the doctor did not let go.
“You mention him earlier. Who was he?” John was on his feet now and turned towards Sherlock, yet the detective did not turn around to face him.
“You know this is quite funny. Everything is always MY BLOODY FAULT! Sherlock was the one who got Mary killed! He just had to drive the old lady up the wall, he had to show off how smart he was and Mary paid the prize for it!”
Suddenly a hand touched his shoulder and John was kneeling down next to him. Mycroft didn’t even notice when the man had stopped pacing up and down the room. Now John was completely calm and focused. The kind doctor extended his hand towards Mycroft in a sign to pass him the phone. The Holmes brother looked at him, gave him a little nod and handed him over the phone. John stood up and went out of the waiting room in to the hallway to talk to the parents. Mike could still hear the doctor talk but he was too tied to pay close attention to the muffed words. He felt as if a heavy burden was lifted off his shoulders, like he could breathe a little easier. But soon another feeling flushed over him, one that he did not feel in a long long time. His vison began to blur and he could swear that something wet slid down his cheek. A soft cry spread thru the room and Mycroft thought that it came from the hallway. Was this his mother crying thru the phone? Could he hear it earlier too? But the crying just grew louder and louder and soon he realized it was his own muffed, broken cry. Tears were streaming down his cheeks and he was shaking. The pressure of the past months, the worry for his brother, his duty to the country – everything came back up and burred him under its weight. He felt as if he could not breath, as if the air had turned to water.
After he took 4 of the recommended 2 pills he silently went back to his room and sat back on his bed again. His nose finally stopped bleeding that much so he tossed his bloody scarf to the ground and took a deep breath throe his mouth. The taste of blood brought back many memories of his time in Siberia. Memories he was trying to forget-
Sherlock was panicking on the inside. He tried to cup Johns face in his arms bit the doctor did not let him. He wanted to speak up, to somehow make things right but all the air left his lungs as he felt a sharp pain is his stomach.
“After you killed the big bad dragon everything was supposed to be ok, right? And what was I supposed to do in that time? Wait for you like a fucking dog? Face it Sherlock, you’re just a manipulative bastard, just like Moriarty.“ John’s face was like made of stone. Sherlock could not find one kind expression in it, it was as if this wasn’t his John. Like this was just a cheap replica of him.
Rosie didn’t understand what Sherlock meant but she did sense his discomfort and the absence of her father. Big tears started falling down her face and a little scream escaped her from her lips.
“Mycroft what the hell is going on? I don’t understand a thing that you are saying. Why are you showing me this if Sherlock doesn’t want me to know about it?”
“Age: 4 Suicide attempt no.1 – Sherlock cut his wrists with fathers’ razor. Mother found him in the bathtub. Ambulance was called. Released from hospital: after 2 weeks.
The annoying thing was that they still had to change the bandages on his wound every day. At first they had to change them every hour – that was just fucking hell. The wound would stick to the bandage and every time they were changing them they had to rip if off of the wound. The pain was insane. Sherlock always threw up from the pain even though he would get some pain killers. John always patted his back while he threw up. Sherlock didn’t want to admit it but it did somehow calm him. After every change he was so tied and hearing Rosy scream downstairs did not help him. The phantom pain was also a pain in the ass. Just when he would feel a bit better it would kick in again. It felt like thousand knifes were piercing his (non-existing) arm. When that happened Sherlock would go deep in to his mind palace, trying to escape it. Of course we can’t forget the pain and sickness from the drug withdraw. Damn it this time he really didn’t have it easy.
“Well I think that he wants to try it again.” He said it with a firm voice, indicating that he didn’t really think it as much as he knew it. There was a frown forming on Mollys face.
“Sherlock? Sherlock, can you hear me?” he said and slapped him softly on the cheek. Sherlock did not move. John quickly checked his pulse and breathing. He couldn’t help but to freeze for a sec. He was a war doctor, he saw the most gruesome things that you could possibly imagine and he did not freeze up even once. But now that his friend, his best friend was in danger he couldn’t help but to feel scared. Sherlock had no pulse, he did not breath. John knew he needed to work fast but the fear paralyzed him.
“John there is no “we”. Let’s be honest you wouldn’t even be here if Mycroft wasn’t paying you. You don’t know me. Don’t know what I have done to come back to you. And what for? For you to hate me? I should have stayed in Siberia. I should have stayed dead.”
“If she wakes up you play with her. If she falls -  which she will not, the couch is ginormous compered to her -  you just comfort her.” John truned away from little Rosie and went to grab his jacket and wallet out the kitchen.
“Tsc … damn it.” Sherlock pressed his hand on to his eyes trying to compose himself, trying to calm down again.
‘Breakfast’ was everything else but pleasant for Sherlock. His nose was still hurting and it was swollen so it was hard for him to breath thru it. John tried to hoax him in to eating something but his stomach was turning just at the word food. They settled it with Sherlock promising to drink at least some tea, but even that proved difficult to him.
“Shut up!” said Sherlock and slammed his fist in to the concrete ground. And of course when Sherlock looked at the man again he was gone.
He looked back at Rosie again and pulled her a little closer to his chest so that she could almost lie down on his chest. He stroke her back softly and watched he slowly doze off.
“You know about it?” asked John shamefully. When she just nodded he bowed his head in shame again. He imagined how Sherlock must have felt reading that letter (more a note than a letter actually).
Mrs Hudson was looking at him with kind eyes and a faint smile. She knew what he meant even thought in her eyes John was still a good man, no matter what he said or did. But she understood and so she said nothing. She just gave a little nod and squeezed his shoulder a bit before turning around and going down to her apartment.
After the falling out with Sherlock John stays on the ground, crying his eyes out over the truth that has been laid before him. He has been selfish ... it was true. But enough of that - it was time for him to change. To become someone who was worth of Sherlocks trust.
“No that’s not true!” Molly almost jumped up from her chair and stepped closer to John. He wanted to move away from her but she grabbed him by his arm.
"But that's the thing John. I didn't know," As he said that he pushed open the door to his room. "Would it have been kinder if I told you of my plan and left you in constant uncertainty wheter I'm alife of not. If I had left you to worry about whether I was found out today or shoot yesterday. Wasn't it kinder of me to give you closer?"
“Don’t you dare die Sherlock … not again…not you… don’t die… Don’t die! DONT DIE YOU DICKISH BASTARD!!“ John was screaming now. His body was shaking like a stick on water. Some nurses were trying to get him out of the room, but John did not want to leave. Not until he would wake up, not till he would know that he won’t lose him too … Finally after what seemed like forever the machines started beeping, announcing a weak but steady heart beat. John let out a breath of relief, letting his body go numb. Two nurses helped him stand up and took him to a room nearby. He was still shaking when he was sat on a hospital bed.
No this is no joke I really did post again! Ma ha ha! I'm so sorry that it took so long but I had the worst writers block ever. I don't think that this is one of my "best works" but it moves the story in the direction that I want it to go.
Ow thank the lord. Sherlock tried to calm his breathing, and to follow Johns voice back in to reality like he did so many times before.
“Ow Sherlock… Come out, come out where ever you are.” There he was again. How could he find him so fast?
John wrapped his hands around Sherlocks head and pulled him close to his chest. John swallowed hard, trying to suppress the need to start crying.
“You need to call the hospital! There is a blood clot in Sherlock’s right arm and its slowly cutting off the blood supply to the limb there by killing off healthy tissue cells. The dead cells than travel with the little blood flow that still goes thru the limb to the main blood flow of the body, poisoning it in the process. They need to order a blood test to see the number of dead cells in the blood and an additional MRI to better determine the position of the clot, but they need to do it fast or Sherlock might die.” As John was explaining the situation he was already grabbing his stuff and walking out the front door. He needed to go to the hospital, make sure that those good for nothing doctors would get it right this time.
“Sherlock! Listen to me! Put the gun away! …What did you take?” That’s right … He used again … Damn it, he was doing so well. John was so proud of him for being clean. But his drug dealer came by just a few minutes (could have been hours for what Sherlock knows) after John had left. And his mind was already a huge thunder storm. He just couldn’t resist. John was so close now. Just a few feet away from him. Sherlock turned away pressing his hands against his head. It felt as if his head was going to explode … He could feel the cold iron of the gun in his hand press against his forehead. He endured all kinds of torture; physical in Serbia and mental his whole life, but this, this pain that he felt right now was the worst. He could not escape it, retreat in to his mind palace and block out the world that caused him the pain. This time his mind was the enemy, the pain maker. He wished to stop it all. To stop the pain of his mind collapsing in on itself again and again. He pointed the gun at John looking at him with cold eyes.
Wounds? Sherlock sustained wound while he was away in those two years? Again something that John had never asked about. John was tempted to go back a few pages to check the story behind it but he knew he had no time and also it was something Sherlock should tell him himself. So John kept reading, made notes, underlined things he found wired or important.
John did not hear when the door downstairs opened or when a pair of little feet slowly made their way up the old stairs. He just felt two little hands touching his back as he was still in the living room on his knees, sobbing over Sherlocks words.
Now that John thought about it he himself noticed that sometimes Sherlock would be very careful about his right arm. Sometime when he thought no one was watching he would squeeze his lower arm as if he was in terrible pain. Now if that was true than maybe that’s the reason why he started to use morphine, for it would dull the pain. That’s when John remember something else. He started to panicky search thru the pile of papers until he finally found the MRI pictures. He looked at them closely and then he noticed it. A small little dote in Sherlock right arm. It was so small you could barely see it but it was there and it was the reason for Sherlocks pain.
“Like I told you before, Sherlock started using morphine. As I said at first I thought nothing of it but now I think that that was one of the first symptoms of his condition. At the beginning I told you that the condition of his organs did not concern me that much. Well the reason for that is that tests have shown that the organs will recover to some degree so there is no real reason to worry. What does scare me is the fact that they found blood in his urine.” Mycroft looked at John with great worry as he said this. It was something that John had never seen on Mycroft before and it feet somehow scary to do.
John stared behind him with an expression of shock on his face. After a minute he smiled to himself and thought: “One hell of a doctor you are, you didn’t ween check on your patient until he went in to shock.”
Mycroft - let me die, please.”. Backside seemed to be written by John. Content: “I wish it was you who died that day and not Mary”. Possibility of another attempt: High”
“Fuck you” John tried to pull his arm away but Mycroft did not let go. He looked the older Holmes brother in the eye and he almost felt sorry for him. His eyes were glassy because of the lack of sleep and even thought the grip on Johns wrist was strong he could feel how Mycrofts hand was shaking.
It was a little bit past midnight when they finally rolled Sherlock in to the operation room. They needed to perform a ray of test to determine where to cut Sherlocks arm off and still maintain as much healthy tissue as possible. John was pacing up and down the waiting room after they finally managed to throw him out of the doctors room. At first he wanted to object but after seeing the look on Mycrofts face he decided against it. Mycroft was looking pale and faint. It was really hitting him hard that he had to go behind Sherlocks back to save him. The older Holmes brother was now sitting in a small waiting chair with his phone in his hand. He was deciding if he should call his parents and tell them what was going on or not. He didn’t want to upset mommy but at the same time she had the right to know. He promised her that he would call them if anything were to change in Sherlock’s condition. Mom wanted to be next to him if things went bad, wanted to say good bye if needed. She didn’t want to let him die alone as the other one did. But now that it really comes to it, it is way harder then he thought.
“Don’t you think he paid his prize double? He lost Mary one of the rare women he respected, even considered a friend I dare say. But most of all he lost you. Not only that he knew that he let you down! You were his best friend, his first and only friend for a long time. He wanted to protect you, to protect everything you love. Can you really not understend how he felt when he could not hold up his promie?” Mycroft was desperate. His voice was shaky, yet his words felt like knifes to John.
“How the bloody hell did it come to this?” John whined silently and gently kissed Sherlocks hand. He stayed by Sherlocks side the whole night, waiting for Sherlock to wake up. But as the morning came, Sherlock still didn’t wake up, and John knew that something bad was coming.
Hello! It's me again. Sorry to take so long to write but school is crazy. I will put the next chapter up soon for it is almost done. I really wanted to dedicate this chapter to Mycroft for I think that he is a very underrated and misunderstood character. Anyway I hope you like it! Leave a kudo and I would love to hear your thoughts about Mycroft and this chapter so pls leave a comment. Till next time, stay awesome :P
“So he told you?” Damn … even thought John was hoping that she knew he couldn’t help but feel betrayed. Again everyone knew before him. Just like back then when he was the only one believing Sherlock to be dead.
I hope you liked this chapter and if not let me know why in the comments. Also let me know who you think was right in their action (Sherlock or John) - with who do you agree more and why?
Mycroft was still staring in front of himself seemingly in to nothing. Then he slowly closed his eyes and lowered his head. “You were right. It was a blood clot inside his brachial artery. It was too small to detect it last week. They suspect he had it for a longer time but that small parts chipped off every now and then there by never totally closing off the artery. But now something changed and the clot just kept on growing. Now the blood flow thru it is just 40%, just enough that the limb didn’t turn black. The muscles of the arm are all damaged. They -…” Mycroft voice cracked suddenly and John could swear he saw tears form at the corners of the Brothers eyes. After a few deep breaths he slid his hand over his face, wiping away his tears. He lifted his head back up, no sight of the tears left and said with a shaky voice: “They want to cut off his arm.”
“Sherlock give me the gun, we both know you won't shoot me.” John’s voice was so kind, so soft. Sherlock felt like crying; the drugs did this to him. Making him feel all those emotions that he had usually locked away in his mind palace…
“Ow give me a break! It’s an arm, you are not dead! Be happy that your still alive! Mary didn’t get that chance! She is dead and there is nothing I can do about that. But I sure as hell can still help you, if you just let me. I can arrange a meeting with a fellow soldier who lost his arm during a bombing. Maybe he can help you. He too felt the way you do now but he got through it. He is –“
“That is true …That’s what they thought too. On my insistence they send him on an MRI but nothing was found. So they simply gave him some antibiotics and waited. It’s been 4 days since then and there is still blood in his urine. The urine bag is now completely red with blood each and every time. Each and every time he wakes up he starts screaming. I tried to talk to him, but he doesn’t even listen. He just screams for morphine. Dr Watson I have helped my brother throe countless rehabs, I have seen him at his worst but this is something new, and it hurts me to see him being sedated each and every time. It hurts me to see him in such pain. The doctors have checked everything, but they found nothing. They have no idea what’s wrong with him. I tried to get the best doctors in Britan on his case but after his very public meltdown no one wants to have anything to do with him. So I’m turning to you. Please take his case. This is everything I have on his health. Read it today and figure out what is wrong with him. I beg you, save Sherlock Holmes. Save my baby brother.”
“That I will leave? No chance Sleepy head. I will help you – no… I want to help you and you will not get rid of me that easily. Now get dressed and come eat something. We will take care of everything alse later. And –“ Johns finally really looked at the sleepy detective noticing the dry blood around his nose and mouth. Soon his eyes slipped down on the detectives bare chest and stomach. He could see the white lines of scars. Somee healed badly, leaving the skin wrinkled as if it had been burned. He saw some scars on his arms but he never got around to ask him where he got them. Sherlock noticed Johns look and pulled the coverts over his exposed skin. He did somehow feel shame for all his scars. They must have looked disgusting to the doctor.
“Yes Mrs Hudson. Could you go and take Rosy for a late walk. I have to deal with this child first.” Shouted John back downstairs. Mrs Hudson said something back but Sherlock could not be bothered to listen to it. He just needed a hit ... Maybe cocaine or morphine? Did they find his stash in the wall behind his closet yet? Was he even able to move it now that he was missing an arm?
“They play with their luck. What if he –“before John could finish his sentence a gruesome scream came from down the corridor. John didn’t even think before he started to run towards the source of the scream. Or better said scream
Protect our family Sherlock. Protect them and I swear to you that they will always be there for you. Just like you had been there for me.
He let his mind slip away, his feet carrying him in to the unknown. Will he be ever able to play the violin again? Maybe if he trained himself to play with his left and bought an artificial hand that could hold the bow? No that’s stupid that could never work. The violin is another thing that he had lost together with his arm. How many more things like this were there? How much more than his arm did he really lose?
John gave him a smile and walked out of the café. He called a taxi and went home. As soon as he came home he opened the file and started reading. His eyes got immediately caught by the title of the first page. He read it multiple times… not believing it really being written there. The title was “SUICIDE ATTEMPTS”
“Come on Sherlock. Brain is the new sexy. Surly you can take care of such a cute little cup cake, can’t you?” The Woman was suddenly standing just a few feet away from him, with a razor sharp smile on her face.
“I understand. It will be done right away.” Were the only words John heard before the phone went silent again. John tugged his phone in to his pocket and waved at the first taxi that he saw. Even though the streets were clear (because it was quite late already) and the taxi driver was driving like a maniac, they still needed about 40 min to the hospital what felt more like 40 days to John. Each and every second mattered at this point.
“Now now Sherlock don’t be so hard on little old John. I mean sure he hates you, who doesn’t?, but remember that he had his reasons. You were the one who killed his wife after all.” Sherlock’s head shot up at the familiar voice but when he looked around no one was in the room with him. The door was still closed, the windows shut – no way that he could really hear him.
After John left, Sherlock stood there in the middle of the room with his mouth open and his hand stretched out as if to grab a nonexistent John.
Soon he heard Mrs Hudson coming back in the house and Rosy clumsily crawling up the stair. She was still small, her legs too short for the big stairs so Mrs Hudson must have helped her judging from the speed of her moves. Now Mrs Hudson was shouting and he was getting ready for her to burst in to his room and give him a good talking to. But that never happened.
He swung open the door, already asking Sherlock why he didn’t pick up the phone when he saw a scene of utter beauty.
“I do apologize for the late arrival… some emergent business had to be dealt with” he said as he sat down opposite John. He nodded at the waitress and a minute later she brought him a cup of coffee.
“It’s alright Sherlock. Your still in the hospital.” Said John in a calm, quiet voice. Without letting go of Sherlock hand he turned around and whispers to Mycroft “Now would be the time to get the psychologist and a doctor.”
God damn it, John had to get himself back to reading the damn file. He owed it to Sherlock! On the other hand, he just needed to read the pages that had the information about the last few years of his life.
“How low you have sunk brother dearest. Being confused by hallucinations. Can you not see the obvious solution to your problem? You must be a bigger fool than I thought.”
Before John could object to Sherlock statement, the detective already disappeared in to his room. All John could do was to let out a long breath and fall back in to his chair thinking over what he had just learned about the man he considered to be a monster for the last few months.
He tapped on the phone screen and looked at the hour. “Twenty past midnight … mommy is probably asleep. But I promised her …I swore… god damn it!” He whispered to himself. He nervously tapped his leg on the floor, cleared his throat and then tipped in mommies’ phone number. He slowly pulled the phone to his ear. The ringing was echoing in his head and he could swear that it was ringing for more than an hour. Suddenly the ringing was interrupted and Mycroft recognized the sweet sound of his mother.
Something was wrong, John could feel it. Something was very off but John just couldn’t put his finger on it. It was right in front of his face, he knew that, but he couldn't put his finger on it. His mind was screaming at him, nagging him:
“Lier!” Sherlock cried before he pulled a gun out of behind his back. John was ready to jump at the crazy detective when he felt a hand on his shoulder.
That voice -  that was John. No, no John couldn’t be here. Mycroft promised that he would protect him no matter what. He can’t be in this hell hole, not his John.
“Sir you need to steep away and let us help him. We are trained for this,” the young doctor said to him as he moved closer to push John away from Sherlock. God damn it they didn’t have time for this shit. John cursed angrily under his breath and leaned forward to grab the tube out of the drawer himself. Sherlock was still shaking and he needed to be intubated like right now. John tilted Sherlock head back and opened his mouth. He lowered himself a bit so that he would have a better view to Sherlock throat.
He wanted to get high again to forget the world around him but with Rosy in the house he could not do it… children are curious little monsters, if she were to find any of his drugs and in her curiosity try them … god that cannot happen. He could not poison her like he poisoned Johns life. She has to remain pure.
“But I can’t, John. I can barely take care of myself right now with only one blood arm. My intellect will not help me catch her if she decides to run away from me.”
“One could say so,” Mycroft answered with kind of a sad smile on his face. Now that John looked at Mycroft he could see how worn out he looked. He was pale and had multiple bags under his eyes. He was slightly shaking and John could have sworn that the man lost some weight.
“No I can’t because I’m not the authorized person. Sherlock didn’t put me down as the person of contact he put you down. It was probably to taunt me. But that doesn’t matter… you have to sign it.”
“Hello mother. I’m good, I’m good. Listen … Sherlock is not doing so well. He … he …” his voice broke and for a second he was sure he forgot how to breath.
“What – I’m up, I’m up. God, how late is it?” John said as he realized that the sun was starting to come up throe the window.
“I will give you a ring if I think of something” Said John and picked up the file from the table. Mycroft let out a deep breath and his body relaxed visibly. A faint smile shot on his face.
“Em yes please that would be nice.” He said and looked down at his daughter again. She was still fast asleep.
This was the first time the detective acknowledged his presence. But it was not in a good way. He looked confused, almost scared – like he had seen a ghost.
“I think he wants to kill himself again. JW” the text was short but down to the point. He knew it would freak Mycroft out, but he needed his immediate attention.
“Can … Can I go and see him?” said the doctor with an almost broken little voice. Mycroft did not answer right away. He was staring at the doctor, trying to figure out why he would want to do that. For all he knew John still blames Sherlock for his wifes death. But in the end John was the one who kind of saved Sherlock life. Mycroft nodded at John and before he knew it he and John were on the way to Sherlocks room. He was placed in the intensive care unit again, a place that John knew just too well. They arrived at the room and John braced himself for the sight that he was about to see.
After John managed to settle Sherlock in to his old bed, he decided that it is time to have a talk with Mycroft. They had to figure something out about this whole situation. John could not come running every time Sherlock decided to go crazy on everything. John had a life, a daughter, a job! God, he hoped he still had a job – he missed another shift because of the whole Sherlock hunt.
“So boring, Sherlock! Just shoot yourself already! You are nothing but a bother to everyone! To Mrs Hudson, to Molly, hell even to Mycroft! And most of all to John. You make his life miserable! You are the one who puts him in danger all the time! How many times did he almost die because he was with you! You were even the reason why his wife was killed! Except it Homes, you and that mind of yours are nothing but a curse to everyone around you! Just go and kill yourself already!” Moriartys voice was ringing in his head again, screaming, screeching at his brain.
“Sherlock… no one said that you are broken.” John said this quietly and softly, looking Sherlock in his bright blue eyes – really making sure that he heard him.
“It’s not my place to say. You need to ask Sherlock or Mycroft.” She was nervous, John could tell. He wanted to ask her, the question burning on his lips, but he was not sure. Did he really have the right to ask something like this? If she know that Sherlock tried to kill himself in the past ? If she didn’t know then he would have disclosed something very personal about Sherlock to Molly. But then again if she didn’t know then Johns idea wouldn’t work. John stood up and turned away from the young pathologist. He ran his hand over his face and thought the whole situation over. He wanted to help Sherlock and for that he needed her. But for what prize would he get her?
The file on Sherlock was sitting on the little coffee table next to him. He knew that he had to read it, he promised Mycroft but he was afraid to do so. He was afraid of what else he would find out about Sherlock. John saw the Detective as a cold and calculated machine for so long now, it was freighting to learn that man was still nothing more but human with a lot of psychological problems. John always thought that he was the mentally weak one. Sherlock was always so strong, or at least he seemed to be.
John sat there on the ground with Sherlock for a while longer before slowly helping the detective to stand up and go to his armchair by the fireplace. Sherlock slowly lowered himself in to the chair, but pulled his legs up to his chast as soon as he was seated. He still felt the need to be small, to be undetectable.
“They plan on waking him up in 10 minutes, and hope that he will be enough in his right mind that they will be able to explain him what is going on and get his consent for the procedure.” Mycroft let out a tied breath and stepped to the chair next to the wall. He let his tired body fall in to the small chair not entirely sure that he will have the energy to stand up again later.
When his hand reached into nothingness he wanted to cry out in pain. Of course that part was not a dream. He was still doomed to suffer. Now that he thought about it… even though his dream was living hell there at least he had both of his arms.
John realizes that there is something fishy about the detectives behavior so he goes to the one person he thinks could help him safe Sherlock Holmes.
“Ow come on Sher, be fun. We had so much fun over all those years. Don’t be boring like the rest of them. Play with me.”
“No John is not here right now. He went out.” He said with great distress in his voice. He did not know how to act, how to talk to such a tiny creature.
Sherlock bowed over to pick up the little plate with his right hand when he was (annoyingly) reminded again that he has no right hand… or arm for that matter. But it was funny tho… he could swear that he could feel his arm starch out towards the ground, feel the cold air on his fingertips. But when he looked at it, there was nothing. Rosie started crying shortly after that as she was still missing her little plate. Sherlock closed his eyes and took a deep breath to calm himself.
“I would appreciate it if you would not interfere like that in to my job. Yes, I’m young but I was trained for this. I worked hard for this. You do not have any authority here. If this happens again I will have you removed from here. Did I make myself clear?” Without even waiting for an answer the doctor turned on his heels and walked out the room.
John knew exactly where to look for Sherlock after Mycroft called him and told him that he had disappeared. There was a place that meant something to him and Sherlock that nobody knew about. It was not far away from the hospital and it was a big enough dump that no one would bother to check it. But John knows better.
“I do apologize. It was not my intention to talk to you about that. Please excuse my outbreak. Please sit back down. I'm begging you, stay.”
“No that ... that’s not true. I – I …” Sherlock could not form real words. It was as if all air in the room had disappeared.
“Sherlock?” A soft hand touched his cheek. He looked in the direction of the voice and saw… no it could not be… He saw John. But wasn’t John next to him this whole time? How could he be on this side now?
“Where is --- Where is Rosie?” The question was so silent that John almost missed it. The doctor cleared his throat and said:
After reading it he read it ten times more, just to hang on to her every word a little longer. Even though she screwed him over a couple of times, she was still one of the few people who Sherlock respected and liked. Her loss hit him hard and this, this letter was like getting a piece of her back.
“I’m sorry are you family?” John looked at the man with anger in his eyes and was ready to spit something at him when Mycroft intervene.
“There, there little girl. No need to cry, there it is again.” Said Sherlock and gave a faint smile in her direction. But that of course did not calm the little princess down. The detective looked at John for help, yet the doctor was still standing at the same spot as before, just like a bloody statue.
He tried to concentrate on something, anything else but the pain that he felt or the voice that was softly whispering in to his ear …
“Thank you. Ow you even put milk in it.” Said John as he made the first sip. Sherlock did not say anything he just sat opposite him, throwing his exhausted body in the soft and warm chair. John could see a thin coat of sweat forming on Sherlocks forehead and his chest rising fast. Damn, he needed to get him help fast.
“Don’t you dare say it’s for the best! Don’t you dare do this to me again you selfish prick! Do not leave me behind!” John’s voice cracked at the end and Sherlock could see rage flushing over his face.
“Molly, I’m begging you. He doesn’t want to see a therapist because he does not trust them. But he trusts you. Please just once --- just, try to talk to him.”
“Sherlock what are you doing? Get up, run!” screamed Johns voice suddenly. That was is. That was what he needed to snap out of it. His limbs started moving again and he made a run for the door.
“Sherlock listen to me. There is no other way. We have to do this.” John tried to touch Sherlocks shoulder again but the Detective shrug away this time.
John was just about to storm out of the waiting room and demand some information about the operation when the door opened slowly. An older doctor that they have not met yet came in with his surgery mask and cap still on. Before John could realize what he was doing he was already standing and walking towards the surgeon.
Suddenly he got an idea. But he had to act fast before he changed his mind. He took a deep breath in and spoke up again.
Sherlock tried to suppress the pain and scramble to his feet. He tried moving forward up the stairs, leaning heavily on the wall to support himself. “Come on you little bastard, show me how you get out of this one. You can not tell me that he great Detective Sherlock Holmes can’t get away from some wanna be assassin. Come on, move it!” screamed John again. Sherlock was out of breath and sweaty. One he reached the top of the stairs just opened the first door he saw and stumbled clumsily in to the room. It was an empty office room – old and abandoned one– perfect for hiding. He was tied, out of breath and at his limit. The best thing he could do was to hide, fast.
For him the conversation was over and so he turned away from John and headed to the kitchen to get himself some tea. That was the only thing he 'ate' lately too. John tried to hoax him into eating at least some toast with it but his pleas always fell on deaf ears. Sherlock always had problems with food, John knew that. When he was working on a case John had to practically force Sherlock to stop and eat something so that the detective would not fall over. He would even leave small bits of food like apple slices or biscuits near Sherlocks chair so the detective could eat them on the go. Sherlock didn’t even really notice eating the small treats, but it was still one of his main ways of food consumption. Now even that didn’t work. Sherlock would just look at the food in disgust as if his stomach would be turning just at the sight of food. He was wasting away fast. He was always very thin but now he look almost anorexic. His bones were poking out everywhere, his eyes were caved in and his cheeks were hollow. Even the physical therapist has expressed his concern to John, but he was at the end of his rope.
The arm was cut off a little bit over the elbow. It was heavily bandaged, but one could still see a little red showing at the very bottom of it. John felt the need to touch it, to really make sure that the arm was gone but he managed to suppress that urge.
“You remember that time we wanted to know what happens if you use a blow-torch on somebody’s feet? If the flesh would melt or catch fire?”
“That’s right. Come back to me, Sherlock. Come back …” said John again with a soft, quite voice. Soon Sherlock could make out John’s piercing blue eyes and his soft face features. He felt so relieved – he was not back in Siberia; he was in London – he was home. He leaned forward to rest his head on Johns shoulder and to truly catch his breath again. Drops of sweat were slipping down his face and it still felt hard to breath but Johns body warmth and his smell made it easier for Sherlock to determent that this was real. That this wasn’t just a day dream that he would have in Siberia in between the torture sessions.
That was the time that Rosie started to tug on his breast pocket. He looked down to see what had her so interested when he reached and pulled out a letter. That’s right … he looked at the mail earlier and this letter somehow stood out to him so he wanted to inspect it closer before opening it. He could see his mind showing him clues but he was to exhausted from standing to make any sense of it.
With confusion in her eyes she said “dada?” and looked left and right as if to find John hiding somewhere. Sherlock was almost frozen for a second before he came back to his senses.
“I’m so sorry Sherlock, for doing this to you.” Said John softly and closed his arms around the frail detective. Under his arms he could feel the wet, shaking, boney body of the once so confident and glorious detective. He knew that Sherlock was a proud man – there was no chance in hell that this was played. He would never let anyone see him like this … No this was real, Sherlock was scared of someone or something. This was a full blown panic attack. This was PTSD.
Mycroft let out a tired breath and handed John a thick brown file. John looked at it and pulled it closer to himself.
John just shook his head at that and made his way to the fireplace. Sherlock was still shaking so he figured that a fire could not hurt. After lightening the fire, he sat down in his chair opposed Sherlock and just sat there in silence. He knew that Sherlock needed a few more minuts to recover and he was more than willing to give him that. No … he owed him that.
“Sherlock … What are you doing? Sherlock … don’t do this, come on let’s talk. Put the gun down.” John’s voice was soft again, but Sherlock could hear it tremble. John chocked down a whine. It was the same as all those years ago when Sherlock was standing at the edge of the hospital roof.
“I left your room the way it was before you left. There is more than enough space for a bed for the little one.” Said Mrs Hudson again. John took a deep breath and thought about it all. It’s true that he could really use the money. And he did somehow feel like it was his fault what happened to Sherlock.
Just before John slipped out the door he lingered for a second and poked his head again in to the room.
“Language! Rosy is in the next room.” Said John and turned around to face Sherlock. The detective clumsily managed to rise himself on his elbow and looked confused at the intruder.
Once he arrived at Baker street Mrs Hutson was already waiting for him. “I don't think that he came here. The apartment is still the one and same mess as before.” Said the old (not) housekeeper and Mycroft just went straight past her in to the apartment. It truly was a mess. Papers spread all over, furniture flipped over … I looked like a fight had taken place in here. That was the time Mycrofts phone buzzed. Greg and Molly: “Sherlock not here. What now?”
“I see you have decided to lose some weight. I personally wouldn’t have cut of my arm to lose it but hey everyone has their own way right? ;D” he said and slid his hand down to Sherlock amputation. Sherlock felt disgusted by the man’s touches and by his sheer presence. A sudden shot of pain went thru him again as the man squeezed the healing wound. Sherlock wanted to scream, to somehow protect himself before his tormentor of the past few years but his body did not listen. He knew he had to get out of here – he needed to run.
“No John…” he stumbled towards the door and opened it, “that’s the part where you leave.” John looked at Sherlock with shock. Did he really mean this?
“But what if I'm not good enough to protect them? I couldn’t even protect you Mary -” He couldn’t continue as his voice broke. A painted groan escaped him and he closed his eyes again.
“Please John. Just give me 3 more minutes. And if you don’t like what I say you can go and I will not bother you again. But please sit back down.” John stared again at the tiered man.
“John, is everything ok? What did Sherlock say to you? I swear I will strangle this boy one day! How can he be so rude, when all you want is to help! If it were not for you –“
“God damn it John, calm her down!” he was shouting now, making Rosies crying even worse. Now even a phone started ringing in the background. “Come on Sherlock… Lets go and play again! Let me play with you” said the voice in his head again.
“Sherlock … Sherlock, calm down, let’s talk about his. This conversation does not require a firearm. Come on give me the gu-“
“No, no you’re not real. You’re not! You wouldn’t be that nice to me. I killed her! I killed your wife and you took my arm for it! You’re not him! You hate me.” That was the moment something in John broke. He did this. John convinced Sherlock that Maryies death was his fault. I mean of course he blamed Sherlock for it from the very beginning but now that the detective said it out loud it just didn’t feel right to him. It wasn’t Sherlocks fault he know this from the very beginning, but he needed a scape goat to deal whit his own guilt first. Sherlock never showed any emotions, hell John even thought the was unable to even feel emotions, but this right now showed John what he had done in his selfish self-pitying grieving parade. He broke a great man and made him almost kill himself. And for what? So that he could look himself in the eyes in the mirror in the morning?
John took a deep breath and slowly exhaled. Just how many more situations like this did John overlook? … A few dozen at least. Sherlock always looked out for John even when John didn’t know he needed it.
“I'm real Sherlock. Can you feel my body warmth? And that beating? That's my heart beat. I'm real Sherlock. I'm really here with you right now and I don’t hate you Sherlock. You didn’t kill Mary, she died trying to save you. She believed that you are worth saving and so do I. By saving you she gave you a gift. I beg you do not waste it like I almost did.” A tear slid down John’s face and he could feel his shirt getting wet from tears falling off Sherlocks face.
“Why did you do this to me? Do you really hate me that much? Why didn’t you just kill me?” said the young detective again this time in a more aggressive tone.
“Did you manage to catch the man who was trying to run away?” The cop looked at him, unsure if he should tell him or not. In the end he just nodded and tilted his head towards the end of the corridor. Greg was already standing there and shouting at some poor young cop. John thanked him and marched towards Greg.
“No, nothing like that Molly. Listen can you meet in let’s say 20 minutes or so and we can discuss everything in person.” She did not see John, yet she could tell by his voice that he was desperate for help. His words sounded stiff and concerned like he could beary bring up the energy to put together a logical sentence.
His trail of thoughts was broken shortly afterwards by the beeping sound of his phone. His eyes wander lazily to the screen. It was a text … Mycroft probably. Surly he wanted to know how his “research” was doing. He disregarded it and turned his look back to the file.
Mycroft opened the door and John stepped into the sterile room. Almost as soon as he set foot in to the room he was hugged my Sherlock mother and father. “Ow, John it’s so good to see you again.” Said the old woman and hugged him a little stronger. “You too, Mrs Holmes. It’s nice to see you doing well.” He said and gave her a kind smile. Mr Holmes just nodded at him before he sat back down in to the chair in the corner of the room. Mrs Holmes followed him shortly. They were tied, one could read it off their faces. The news about Sherlock, the journey and the not knowing must have been hard on them. He was a little bit worried that they might collapse because of all the stress but then again they did manage to rise both Holmes brother so they could endure quite a lot.
John looked at Mycroft in the hope that he would back him up, but the older Holmes brother just lowerd his head in sign of defeat. John closed his eyes and thought the while situation thru. “Ok, we will do it the way you want it. I will let the staff know.” John stepped out of the room without taking a second look at Sherlock. He was slightly afraid that if he would Sherlock would figure out that he come up with another way to save him.
“Yes. When they first met Sherlock overdosed with heroin. He figured it out pretty quicly after that.” Said Molly again and looked away from the doctor.
“Mr Homes is stable. There were some complications during the surgery thought. Once we cut open the arm, if I may say so, we realized that the damage was bigger than we thought. There was a lot of dead and damaged tissue. We had to amputate higher than initially thought. Because of the blood thinners that he was on for the drug overdose he was bleeding quote heavily. His heart almost stopped at one point because of the blood lost but we managed to get his blood type in time. All in all the surgery was a success if I consider the situation all in all.” He said with a self-satisfied smirk on his face.
Sherlock could hear John crying in the other room, but he did not care. Or so he at least told himself. John deserved it. He was acting like a dick and for every problem he was facing he would somehow blame it on Marys death. Sherlock could not hear any more of it. He was tired of it. Yet he could not help but feel like he over did it. Was he too harsh on the old doctor? Surely any hope that he had that they could somehow go back to the old days was now completely demolished. He made sure of that with his little speech right now.
“Bollocks.” The word just slipped of his tong when he saw a pair of bright blue eyes looking back at him. Little Rosie rose on up on the couch, almost falling and staring straight at Sherlock.
He took a deep breath trying to calm down the rising panic in his core. Suddenly he lost his footing on the icy ground. He tried to catch himself but he realized that there are two things you need to know about life after an arm amputation: First, your center of gravity changes dramatically when you are suddenly 8 pounds lighter on one side of your body. Second, while your arm may be missing physically, it is there, just as it always has been - in your mind's eye that is. Sherlock can feel every muscle move, he could even feel the arm of the shirt being wrap around his right wrist. When he slipped, he reflexively tried to break his very real fall with his completely imaginary right hand. Of course that did not work … instead the fall was broken by his nose, and his nose was broken by his fall.
“Wow, ok I really don’t need you of all people to tell me what a crappy father I am. You have no right Mycroft!”
"Kinder? How is letting me belive you dead, kinder then telling me that would be off for some years and that you would be coming back?! How is it kinder then letting me know that you are ALIFE?! "
He tried to enjoy the time with his little angel but his mind slipped to Sherlock again. He could hear how he was taking out the mug for his tea and cursing as he had to put everything out of the cabinet, just to be able to reach it.
“No, he didn’t. I read it in his medical file. I read about all of his 34 tries. He never told me, Mycroft never told me and you… never told me. It seam I was not deemed worthy of knowing.” Said John with a spit of anger in his voice.
“No, I won’t let you do that! Ahhh god damn it it hurts. Give me something! Give me some morphine!” Sherlock twisted his body again, making John let go of his shoulders.
“If anything were to happened I told him to call me, so don’t worry. I trust that they will be alright”
"It's my last question, I promise. You never said why you didn't tell me that you were coming back. Why did you let me belive you dead?" Sherlock couldn't help noticing John's voice breaking a bit at the end. He took a deep breath in and put his hand on the door handle.
I wrote this chapter in one night for I really felt connected to the topic. If you have any problems with dark thoughts or self-harm please reach out to someone. Let people know that something is going on. Even if you think that it's stupid to get worked up over something that you think is silly - still talk to someone about it.
He leaned on the first table he saw and scanned the room for a hiding place. Suddenly his legs gave out and he fell to the ground like a sack of potatoes. While going down he hit his head on the table edge. Amazing, not as if he wasn’t in enough pain already. The fall disoriented him for a moment but the sound of someone walking up the stair made him come back to it. He crawled behind an office table and hoped that it managed to cover most of him.
“John? How did you- ?” His voice cracked again before he could finish the sentence. John wanted to ensure Sherlock that he was safe that everything would be ok. This was still his friend after all. Even after everything that happened, everything that man did to him he still could not help but to see him as a friend who needed his help right now more than ever. Damn him for being such a soft hearted fool.
“You don’t understand because you do not listen, you do not think. Did you really think that Moriarty would just kill himself and not have a plan set up? Not have a game for me prepared? He wanted to use you all against me. Make me jump off the building and publicly except my defeat against him or he would have shot you all. He had snipers on all of you the whole time – not even Mycroft could take care of all of them. Moriarty had a whole network or people working for him and when he killed himself he left just one commend behind: to kill you all. But as I officially jumped off the building aka. killed myself the order was terminated. I went in to hiding and used the next 3 years trying to dismantle his network. And let me tell you John it was like a spiders’ web. Beautiful and majestic yet deep and complex. It’s ties went all the way from America to Japan and involved mafias as well as high ranking politicians. Even in death he was still a crime lord. It was hard and time consuming but I managed to destroy his empire bit by bit. In … In Siberia I had to infiltrate what I thought was the Russian mob that was under Moriarys control. I’ve been a part of them for about 4 months when I started suspecting that something might be wrong. Their boss was suppose to come to make us – so the new recruits – a real part of the mob. This is where my carelessness got the best of me.
“And we need to talk. I will look at your nose later in the kitchen. Just wash your face a bit as to not scare Rosy.” Finished John after a second than he turned on his heels and walked out the room. “If you are not in the kitchen in 10 minutes I will drag you out by your feet! I mean it Sherlock!”
knew that Mycroft would come looking for me after sometime of radio silence so he kept on moving me - making it hard to pinpoint my location. And yes well you can imagine what was being done to me in the time of my captivity."
He didn’t move for some time, just lying on the sidewalk, moaning in pain. That was the first time that he really felt his “disability”... Up till now he still had the hope that he would managed around it, that even thought something important was missing he would be able to live around it.
“As I said, she will probeably sleep thru the whole time of me being gone. And if she wakes up before that just play with her a bit. But for Gods sake don’t show her pictures of dead people.”
Another hour gone by without any new information about Sherlock. It was four in the morning now, but John could swear that he was sitting in that bloody waiting room for a little eternity. Mycroft was cold and absolutely quiet now.  He didn’t even move anymore. John tried to convince him to take a little nap in another room or to go for a cup of tea in the cafeteria but he didn’t want to miss any new information about Sherlock, so John gave up. Sherlock’s parents called every half an hour to check if there were any news but of course there was nothing and so the mother just grew more and more worried. Now even John was freaking out. A normal amputation takes approximately an hour to four hours. John knew that this would not be an easy operation because of the blood cloth and the dead tissue but still they could send a bloody nurse to update them on Sherlock status.
thoughts, but some were those of people he knew – the woman, Mycroft, Greg, Moriarty … and of course John. His knight in shining armor – the one thing that kept him sane all those years on the run. John Watson was the one who always kept him right!
“What happened Sherlock? What happened in those 5 years that you were away?” Now John was the one who was drilling a hole in Sherlock with his look. Sherlock took a deep breath in and just shook his head.
John starts to feel the consequences of his decision. Will Sherlock be ok? Will he wake up form the surgery?
“Don’t worry. I will always protect you and your daddy. I will do everything that is in my power. For you and for John. That is my promise to you and to him.” As he said this he sifted his gaze to the side to see Mary softly looking at him. She was smiling, no longer covered in blood as she usually appeared before him. Her face was peaceful and not disfigured in anguish.
“About bloody time! I suspect that the drug overdose from yesterday caused another seizure. His system is more susceptible to it because it is weakened by his long use of other drugs. We need to give him some intravenous fluids to dilute the drug. He needs to be intubated for there is a good chance that he will vomit. And somebody get me some naloxone!” John was in full doctor mode at that point. He starched his arm out to the nurse to receive an intubation tube but even after 3 seconds his hand was still empty. He looked up, annoyed and angry.
“What the bloody hell happened Greg? He was almost killed!” John could not contain the rage in his voice and truth be told he was surprised that he was angry. He thought that he didn’t care for Sherlock, not after he almost beat him to death.
What could he do? He was in no condition to refuse Marys wish but he was not good enough to protect them. He was broken, downright a fucking wrack. He could feel the panic rise in his body. It became harder to breath again.
Thank you for reading and for sticking with me even when i have not been writing in a while. Thank you for all the support and love that you have given me.
Pain … thats right he felt pain again. It shot thru his arm again. Like his skin was being ripped apart or as if he was getting burned alive. He wanted to grab his arm, squeeze it to somehow lessen the pain but that was the time he was reminded – he has no arm. All that pain is just in his head, it was not real. But then again what was real?
Sherlock could feel something touching his hand. It was warm and soft and it somehow felt familiar. It felt like home. He tried to concentrate on it instead of the pain. Soon he could hear someone’s voice calling him. John? Yes, it was John! He was still here! He squeezed harder and tried his best to wake up. It was somehow hard to find the strength to wake up but he just wanted to see John again. When he finally managed to open his eyes he was blinded by the white light of the room. It hurt his eyes but it didn’t matter to him he just wanted to see John.
When John woke up his back was acing. He fell asleep on the edge of Sherlocks hospital bed last night and the nurses did not bother to wake him up. John slowly straighten himself up and looked around the room. The door was still missing so that was kind of weird. By the door frame he could still see a policeman standing outside the room. Mycroft probably insisted on police protection in case any of Sherlock enemies  decided to use his weak state for an attack.
Suddenly something hit him in the face, pulling him away from his panic. He looked down, pass the letter to see Rosie looking at him with big deer eyes. The rattle lay abandoned on the floor, as it seem to have bounced of of Sherlocks face.
“I said no. We can … ugh … what about if we dissolve the clot over a longer time period? That way the dead cells are slowly released in to my body giving my immune system enough time to defend me?” He twisted his body again as the pain grew stronger and stronger. John was staring at the detective slightly impressed that he managed to come up with that.
*Note: if it's written in italics (aka. slant slightly to the right) than those are the thoughts of a character, except if it's written otherwise.
Sherlock looked at Johns face again, his eyes jumping from corner to corner as if he was searching for something. Then he started laughing.
“Listen little lady, you are heavy. I can not carry you all the time.” But of course she did not care and just grabbed one of Sherlocks curls with her hand. She pulled it strongly making Sherlock whimper.
“Yes it was all for you … I should never have returned after that. You were happy and I destroyed everything by coming back. I’m so sorry John… So sorry!” The tears were now just streaming down Sherlocks face, making it hard for him to see.
If the only way to protect John was to cut himself out of his life … than he would do that. It was true that he was mad at John right now and that he did not consider them friends anymore, but he knew that he still cared for the little doctor. He was his first real friend in many years and he was thankful for all the good years they had together.
“Maybe you deserve to be caught by him. To be torched again and locked away from everyone. I mean what good did it do that you came back after the fall?” John was now sitting next to him, looking at him with cold eyes. The eyes of a solder.
John fell silent at that. Suddenly he felt a heavy weight on his shoulders. At the very same moment the doctor came back and reported that Sherlock was now put into the induced coma.
Sherlock looked a John as if he had grown bunny ears. “Em you want to leave her with me? What if something happens? Aren’t you afraid that she could get hurt?”
“No- no that’s not true, I’m nothing like Moriarty. Everything that I did I did to protect-“ Sherlock was stuttering. He never stuttered.
“I know Sherlock, I know your arm hurts. A blood clot formed in your main arm artery, there by cutting off the blood supply to your arm. We need to remove the clot but if we do that all the poison that has formed in your arm will spread throe your body and probably kill you. Do you understand me this far?” John was looking directly in to Sherlocks eyes. His eyes were still a bit blurry from the long sleeping period, but he could also see pain and confusion in them.
“... You broke the glass on purples didn’t you? You wanted to see if I would snap. You saw me flinch when Rosie dropped the plate and panic when she started to cry. You saw me gettining anxius and you knew that the sound of a breaking glass could send me over the edge. You had to make sure that it was real didn't you? That it wasn't just an act. Hope you are satisfied with the result.” This time Sherlocks eyes moved and looked directly at John. The doctor couldn’t help but feel shame and tried avoiding the look.
“What is going on? Have you not seen me? Are you blind next to your arrogance!” Sherlock reached his hand over to where his right arm should be. “You did this to me! You made me a shadow of my former self!” Sherlock turned his back towards John and leaned against the table. He was feeling faint again, the phantom pain shooting up his arm. He could feel each and every muscle in his non existing arm seize up in to a cramp, making him want to shoot a bullet in to his head.
“You talking about the letter that you wrote him after Marys funeral?” asked the old housekeeper sadly.
“What is it? Is he alright? Did his wound fleer up again? Please don’t tell me he’s using again.” She was pulling her gloves off and removing her mask as all the possibl problems just flowed out of her. When it came to Sherlock one could never know what to expect.
He kept his gaze on them for a little while before he went back to the couch and laid down on, deciding to take a little nap himself.
John picked the file back up and skipped the first 60 pages. When John looked over it he realized that he found the page that was written right after he came bake to London (after his “resurrection”).
“I don’t care I want him gone!” he screamed at his mother who tried to defend poor little John. She was about to try again, but John just raised his hand a little – signaling that is ok.
“I can’t really explain how I know this, but I just do. The thinks he does, the way he does them … It reminds me of me when I came back from the war. The jumpiness, the stiffness in his shoulders, the pain of losing his arm, the trying to convince everything is ok just to be left alone to die. His PTSD is also getting worse by the day. I’ve got a bad feeling Molly, and I need your help with him. He won’t talk to me, he won’t listen to me. But you. You could always make him listen. I know that you studied psychology once before you switched to medicine. Please you have to help him.” He was practically begging her now.
After a long afternoon of research John figures out why Sherlocks in so much pain. His condition is serious and demands immediate surgery. But what to do when Sherlock does not agree with the plan of treatment? Will John be able to convince the  Detective or will he have to cheat in the game for Sherlock life?
He tried to clear his head with some cases but there just weren’t any good murders. Man stabbed in the back in a locked room. He was lying in a little pool of water that no one can explain where it came from. No murder weapon found – boring … it was suicide; he threw himself on icicle. He probably wanted to make it look like a murder for family insurance or tried to frame it on a lover or something.
“Nah I just put the phone away. I don’t wanna wake her by accident. Thank you for my tea by the way.” John sneered as he mentioned the tea. He needed to change the subject fast. A forgotten cup of tea was the perfect excuse.
“God dAMN IT!” he screamed and slammed his fist in to the wall. What will he do now? How will he provide for his daughter? How will he pay for his flat? Shit shit shit ... Nothing he can do now. He need to get home now, take a nice cold shower and figure everything out. Yes that’s what he has to do now. He looked down no his fist and noticed that his knuckles were bleeding a bit. He wrapped his hand in to his handkerchief and tried to gather his mind before entering the room with Mycroft again – he still needed to gather his things.
"Did you sign? Are we ready?” Asked the doctor again and looked first at John and then at Mycroft. John was frozen for a second, his brain had stopped to function and Mycroft could have sworn that John had stopped to breath for a full minute. Suddenly something in John snapped. He took the paper out of Mycroft hand and sign it. He handed the signed paper to the doctor and gave him a serious look.
He wanted to cry out, make Sherlock listen to him. Tell him how he missed him all those years, how he begged at his grave for him to come back. How he cared for him … How he still cares for him, maybe even more now than ever before. He was his only real friend, his companion. He wanted to let Sherlock know but he just couldn’t get the words out.
Bless you guys for sticking around. I hope you like this chapter, let me know in the comments below. All love, your TheKingOfHellLovesYou
Hello :3 So... I had to write another part since I left the lest one on a cliff hanger. I hope that you like it. If anyone has an idea what could be wrong with Sherlock or if you just wanna state your opinion on the chapter than please write a comment. I'm very interested in your opinin. But yea leave a kudo and let me know if you want more. Till next time, your KingOffHell :*
“I will pay you. Take care of my brother. Not as his friend, not as a favor, but as a job. I know you still have issues with him, and he for sure as hell doesn’t trust you like he used to but you are still the only person who can reach him. I will pay you double what you made at the hospital.”
Well I’m not overly thrilled that I'm dead and trust me that his is the last time that you get a letter from me. But know that it’s ok that I’m dead. I mean it’s not ok but you know… it is what it is. I trust that you did your best to protect me. I just hope that you did not get hurt in the process, for you are just as dear to me as John or Rosie. Ok maybe not as much as Rosie, I mean she came from my body but you get the point. OK, I’m babbling now so I have to wrap it up.
He was drowning and there was no one to help him. Sherlock is going to die and it will be all his fault for not protecting him better. For not protecting him like he should have! He should have never let him out of his house that night, he should have taken better care of him when he was in rehab, he should have never left him take on this blood case! Mistakes, so many god damn mistakes he has made. And he always thought himself so bloody clever and yet he couldn’t even protect his little brother. Not when he was 5 and tried to kill himself and not now when a psyho tried to kill him in a fucking hospital.
Now it was 8 pm and John had the paper sheds of the file spread across the floor. There were many notes stuck to the paper and John could feel that he was missing something. He ran over his notes again and that’s when he noticed something odd. In every entry since last year there was a reappearing problem with his right arm. At first it was merely a note that Mycroft wrote to himself, but then the symptoms became more and more clear.
Suddenly the door of the office opened again. Sherlock pulled his legs close to his chest and covered his mouth with his hand. Loud and slow footsteps echoed thru the room. Sherlock looked at John who was still sitting next to him. He wanted to pull him closer to himself and try to hide him from the stranger’s view. But John was having none of it and moved further away from him.
“It’s a shame that you didn’t bring her with you. I would have loved to squeeze her little cheeks. Did you leave her with Mrs Hudson?” said Molly and almost squealed in excitement.
“For Christ sake John get it together!” he said to himself and started doing CPR. He screamed for help and shortly a doctor and a few nurses came running in to the room and turning all the machines back on. They pulled John away and continued to revive Sherlock. John looked at the screen in terror, thinking that he will lose Sherlock as well. He leaned back against the wall and slowly slid down to the ground. He buried his face in his hand and started crying. Panic was overflowing his body, he could not breath. He felt so helpless, so weak.
“Mycroft told me about it after Sherlock ran away from him again. He asked me to keep an eye on him. Not that I could do much to protect him really. But again John that wasn’t you. That was the pain and grief speaking. I know you, you are good and kind by heart.” Said the lady with a weak smile and gentle eyes. Her voice was smooth and confident. John wished that he could be so confident in her words too. But truth be told, he wasn’t confident at all. Was he really a good person? Did he deserve all this trust Mrs Hudson was putting in him?
“Attacking me while I can’t defend myself. I like your style.” He said and smiled at her. She looked him in the eyes and let go of his hear to instead try and grab him by this nose. Sherlock smiled even more at the little one, seemingly being amuse by her behavior. As he continued to let Rosie harass him, he started to back up to his good all chair by the fire place. His legs were shaking from all the effort and he could feel a coat of sweet forming under his nose again. When he finally reached his bellowed spot he practically just fell in to the soft material, but he was careful as to not accidently harm Rosie.
PS: Just so you know... its 3 in the morning in my home country. i start editing at like 1 in the afternoon. I don't know what took me so long. I'm stupid :D
“Yes of course Sir. Shall I –“Before the guard could finish his sentence Mycroft ended the call and instructed his driver to take him to Baker street. Maybe his brother will go to the only place he would ever call home. During the drive he called Molly and Greg and asked them to check all (to them know) hiding places of Sherlock. They needed to find him fast – one could never know what his stupid brother would do while being on strong anti-pain medicine.
“John I really don’t think that this is a good idea. What do I do if she wakes up? What if she falls of the couch?” Sherlock was standing now, nervously shifting his weight from one leg to the other. His look was panicked but John was confident that Sherlock would be alright. Even thought Sherlock and Rosie did not spent much time together they loved each other. John saw how Sherlock was looking at her like she was his own daughter. And the little one loved how “funny” Sherlock was.
“You don’t get to do this to me again. I will not go throe hell again because you decided to take the easy way out! We are in this together!” No, no it wasn’t rage that Sherlock saw on John’s face… it was fear.
“Mycroft? Honey, what is it? Is Sherlock ok?” there was panic in her voice now. Mycroft could see her starting to shake and father stepping closer to her, trying to somehow calm her.
“What the hell were you thinking?! Mrs Hudson and I were worried sick for you! You just up and right disappeared. I was ready to call Greg and start a bloody search for you. - What the hell did you do to your nose?”
“No I couldn’t Mrs Hudson, that would be too much. Also this is no environment to raise a child. With Sherlock one can never know what’s next.”
John put his phone back in to his pocked when he already heard Mycroft coming up the stairs. “Damn you Mycroft give me time to check on him” He walked back out the room into the stairwell and directed the older Holmes brother to call an ambulance and wait for him down stair. He didn’t know why but he somehow felt that Sherlock was scared and that he needed to be very careful with this situation.
“Of course you do! Normally you wouldn’t give a damn if I was gone for a few hours. Hell you would be happy to be left alone. And if you would be worried you would send me to hell when I came back.”
“Even now I’m being selfish by making the whole situation about me and my pain when Sherlock is the one suffering. I really can’t help myself, can I Rosy?” he said with a quiet voice to Rosy and smiling at her chubby little face. He let go of her and stood up. “I think it’s time I put Rosy to bed. Thank you Mrs Hudson for helping me with her again.” He said and picked Rosy up in his arms.
