John sat facing Sherlock, nestled comfortably into the worn, leather sofa of the den. He watched Sherlock’s face as his boyfriend told the story of how he came to inherit the estate rather than his Parliamentary brother, Mycroft. What kind of name was Mycroft, anyhow? Then again… Sherlock wasn’t any less odd.
“He’s rehearsing tonight. He wanted me to handle this in the way I was most comfortable. We’re planning a bit of a get together next week though, so you can meet him then. We’re inviting Irene. The red-lipped thing. Though, I’ll warn you, pretty sure she plays for her own team.”
don’t get this shit. Fucking River Song, you’re impossible.” John absentmindedly grabbed his phone. “Literally, impossible. How the
“Would you like to know a secret of mine, John?” John was in love with the way Sherlock said his name so often, even in casual conversation.
He undressed quickly and efficiently; nothing about this scenario was sexy or arousing. In fact, it stamped out all physical impulses, even the natural ones. “Lift,” Sherlock demanded, and John, wobbly and unstable, barely raised his arms. Sherlock gave his elbows a stronger push upwards and tugged his jumper up over his head and dropped it in the floor. “Turn around,” the commanding continued. He unbuttoned John’s trousers and pulled everything off and down in one fell swoop. John stood, naked and drunk, in his tiny bathroom. Sherlock resisted the urge to yell, cry, caress and shake. This entire situation was just insane and illogical. “Come on now, John. Me first, then you after.” Sherlock slid into the hot water and cut the tap, then reached out his hands. “Slowly, you’re a bit unsteady,” he muttered. John slipped one foot into the tub, followed by the other. Sherlock gripped John under his arms and helped him ease into a sit position, his back to Sherlock’s chest. “That’s it. Lean back, I’ve got you. Just relax.”
John woke to a deafening roar. Every window was glowing red. Frantically, he scrambled from his cot, grabbing at his uniform, hastily lacing his boots. The ground reverberated underneath him. He thought it would open up and the flames of hell would swallow him whole. The window panes shattered, and darkness consumed him.
Molly traced his abdomen with her eyes down to where the truly delicious vee met the elastic waistband of his black pants, slung low on his hips.
“You haven’t written anything smaller? Goodness, I retract my previous statement about your humility.”
Jane looked John in the eye, blue eyes wet with happy tears, and then she shot a bird at his back as he walked into the kitchen.
“As is tradition, first I will read the telegrams. These aren’t my words, so don’t hold any of them against me.” Another murmur and hushed laugh trickled through the room.
“You’re a great teacher. Most educators would just accept that their kids are shitheads and leave it at that. I wish I’d had a teacher like you.”
The man turned his attention from his plate to John. His hair was wilder tonight, somehow. Longer maybe, but not pushed as far back from his face. Soft ringlets were starting to form near his ears. He wore a white t-shirt that dipped low into his chest, exposing the lovely construction of his sternum and collarbones. Sherlock’s eyes widened a bit, and the right corner of his mouth pulled into a half-smile.
*I have already casted all the new additions, and am working on adding them to my character list. The only recognizable ones would by Rooney Mara as Sky and Jude Law as Graham Norton.
Molly blushed and dropped eye contact with John. He immediately regretted his comment. Of course Molly didn’t dance that way, at least not on a stage. She had immeasurable class and was a very reserved woman. While he knew of how
Here's the Everett's fridge. On it, you will find tiny bits and pieces of the lives of our characters, tiny accumulations occurring after significant events take place. Keep an eye out for an updated fridge, and please, share any thoughts you may have on what else we could pin up.
Sherlock woke to the sound of a text alert, coming from somewhere in the hall. He scrubbed a hand over his face in an attempt to shake off his disorientation. It was very early morning, still dark out, and he could hear John breathing. He relaxed momentarily, carefully turning over onto his side. He could barely make out John’s silhouette even against the moonlit window. Sherlock didn’t have to see John to know the man was probably stunning as ever, even when he slept. He slowly rolled out of bed and padded to the bathroom.
His lungs drained. “Right, of course. Well yeah, I just saw him through a window. No big deal. He was with Irene.”
So she let the phone ring, turned the volume on the telly up, and watched the Doctor and Rose save the world, every single time.
His hand was in the curls at the nape of Sherlock’s neck, wrapping them gently around his index finger. Sherlock inched closer, slower than molasses in winter, it was truly agonizing, truly, and then he was millimeters from John and he could smell him, his breath warming his cheeks and his ears and burning his lips. Their noses touched and they hovered there, electricity zapping in the tiny space that separated them. Sherlock took a finger to the soft skin behind John’s ears and was tracing a tiny, fine, hell, maybe even microscopic line to his clavicle. Then the hand was cradling the back of John’s skull, holding him as if he was something precious and divine. John gave Sherlock’s cupid’s bow a tiny kiss all of its own, loitering as long as he pleased, before giving that full, flushed bottom lip one as well. The contact was regenerative: John felt young, giddy, new, fresh, awake, mischievous, god so mischievous, and suddenly he was back at University, grabbing the hand Sherlock had wrapped around his wrist and pulling that mouth straight to his. How had it taken this long? He should have done it then. No matter, he was doing it now.
He sat in a trembling pile on the floor. Sherlock found the clock, ticking menacingly on the wall. It was four AM.
John was warmed by the idea, and quite frankly, would love to spend his nights wrapped up in Sherlock’s smell. He was nervous, though, about Sherlock fiddling through his things… but if he hadn’t done it by now, surely he wouldn’t do it once he was back. A bit of panic rose inside him. What if Sherlock had already found that damn ring? What had he been thinking, leaving it here?
The next slip had no envelope. It was a simple piece of grid paper, folded into quarters. The top left quadrant read:
“Self-infliiiiicteddddddd!” Sherlock sang aloud. A giggle bubbled out of his throat. Was that right? Yes, Sherlock had just giggled.
“This is my fifth pint, Sherlock.” And he was barely buzzing. This night was a hard one for him. Knowing he would be shipped off to basic at 0600 tomorrow was painfully sobering. He was desperately trying not to think about it.
He sat on the edge of the cot and buried his eyes in the heels of his hand. Today was a bad day. The withdrawal process was getting harder to ignore since John had cut off the morphine. His stomach felt like it was full of something heavy, solid and metallic. His skin was clammy to the touch and he couldn’t get rid of the obnoxious sheen of sweat all over him, no matter how many times he took a towel to his flesh. Sherlock felt volatile and exhausted. He heard the shuffling of boots.
John woke to a world of white and the beeping of machines. He lolled his head from side to side, and, after deciding it was safe, fell back into a catatonic sleep.
John pointed to a tiny cursive word falling in next to the outer rim of the Gallifreyan. "Obliviate. It's a spell," John whispered. "It can erase one's existence from someone's memory entirely." Sherlock thumbed the tiny, hidden word lovingly.
“Well. We are speaking of Mycroft, and he is easily the most dramatic individual I’ve ever encountered.”
“Only you can decide that, Jane. You told me you were dubbed the serial monogamist. B is a good man, but he’s also a smart man. Maybe you should chat with him about it?”
Jane swiped the bag and headed back to the storage closet. John made his way around the room, glancing over shoulders at the works of art on the tables. He paused next to a girl he remembered from his last visit. She turned up to him, hazel eyes bright and happy.
John winced as he reached up for the letters. “Thank you, Lieutenant.” He waited for the soldier to walk away before eagerly shredding the envelope of each letter. He had been out of commission for two weeks, and their squadron had not been able to receive mail for nearly a month.
“Goddamnit.” That voice. It was like warm honey melting over biscuits fresh out of the oven. Like the perfect cup of earl grey, two sugars and a dash of milk. It resonated in John’s bones like a song. He had never wanted someone so badly in all his fucking life.
“To anyone who is fortunate enough to have never had to meet me before tonight, I’m John Watson. And I apologize in advance for my poor behavior as the night proceeds.” The crowd chuckled and murmured and John’s head was spinning. He glanced around the room and found Sherlock sitting alone at a round table, legs crossed and an amber colored beverage in hand. He was elegant and gorgeous and unattainable. Sherlock gave him the smallest smile and a duck of his head,
“Because I didn’t want to go,” she snapped. John mulled over the response. A little defensive, in his opinion.
John nodded. "I was working towards a degree in medicine when I was in uni. Wanted to be a surgeon. Things happened the year of graduation, though. Instead of beginning my internship, I checked my mother into rehab and picked up two jobs to pay my sister's way through school. Neither of my parents had put a single pound away for her. My mother had long since spent anything our dad had left her." John stole a cautious glance at Sherlock. "I'm sorry. The last thing I want is to spill my entire sob story. I'm a bit dramatic at times, I should've warned."
“I… I’m sorry, John, but when you left, I went through your room. I shouldn’t have, but I missed you, and I slept there for a while...” John felt excess saliva building in his mouth. He was going to be sick. “And I found a ring.”
synonyms: secret, covert, furtive, surreptitious, stealthy, cloak-and-dagger, hole-and-corner, closet, backstairs, backroom;
He’d had no doubt in his mind that Sherlock might be a force to be reckoned with. He’d entertained thoughts of sex with him; most of them seemed unrealistic. Sherlock as the aggressor, strong and hard and a fucking oncoming storm. But as the dancing progressed, as John became more and more turned on by being used as a source of friction, a location of pleasure, those ideas became more tangible. Sherlock was a perfect duality: all honesty, generosity, and devotion and then, on the other side, ferocity, confidence, and adventure. The man was equilibrium. While John bit his lip, fingers digging into the flesh and denim of Sherlock’s thighs, he wondered where he would fit in the balance. He closed his eyes, redirecting the lack of sense to enhance all his others, and the smallest moan left his mouth as Sherlock clawed down his chest. Sherlock pushed John away and pulled him back, John’s back to Sherlock’s chest, and all coherencies evaporated at the fantastic hardness now grinding against John’s arse and thigh. Sherlock placed his left arm over John’s shoulder, John’s hand finding his and intertwining the fingers, gripping until the flesh turned mottled and pale, and Sherlock’s right hand dug sharply into John’s right hip. The gesture was claiming, possessive, undeniably territorial.
John scoffed. A hot shower would melt some of the tension away before he crawled into bed. He shut the door and ran the shower, undressing as the steam quickly filled the small room. He brushed his teeth, the taste of beer lingering unwanted on his tongue. He stepped into the shower and savored the scalding water on his feet, legs, and back. John let the water flow over his shoulders, dunking his head underneath to wet his hair. He picked up the soap, going through his normal wash. John made the fatal mistake of closing his eyes, and in his drunken stupidity, imagined Sherlock’s hands on him, pushing him hard against the shower wall, biting bruises across his collarbone and neck. Pressing that long, sinuous body flush against John’s, slipping a taut, gorgeous thigh through John’s legs... He opened eyes and groaned with frustration at the sight of his cock, filling quickly and demanding attention. John debated, then caved, lathering his hand in soap and running it down his length. He closed his eyes and imagined Sherlock’s elegant fingers working his hard on just the way he liked it: firm but clever. He bit his lip to prevent sound effects – the last thing he needed was Callum walking in while he was having a good wank. He pictured Sherlock hovering over him, shielding John from the falling water, pinning him to the wall and having that hand wrapped around both of them. He desperately tried to muster up an image of Sherlock’s hips rutting into John’s cock and his own hand, and then Sherlock’s voice, God, whatever it sounded like it had to be heavenly, growling in his ear: “Come for me.” And John did, nearly hitting his knees as he gasped for air.
She gave a dark, bitter chuckle in response. “How long have you been pining over your best mate’s fiancée, John? That’s sick. Does he know? Do all three of you mutually benefit—“
is what I want, and I refuse to stay behind or hide away while you go out trouncing around on cases like the one we had tonight. Alone. We are a team, and I live to protect you. So get used to it. I’m not going anywhere. Not again.” He nuzzled into the crevice of Sherlock’s neck and shoulder.
“How’re you holding up, mate?” he whispered into Callum’s ear. Callum laughed and tilted his chin towards John, never taking his eyes off the walkway.
call a battle scar. Choose your words carefully, especially among those that risk their lives every day for the things you so obviously take for granted.” And he was at the mouth of the tent, unrolling his uniform sleeves. “Leave the wounds open for four hours. Stay in bed so as to not provoke any further agitation. I will be back to wrap them.” Then he was gone.
“I am so sorry, Jane. Truly. If you need anything, you know I’m right across the hall.” He extended a hand to squeeze her shoulder.
He’d just kissed a man. Properly kissed a man. With no alcohol involved, no dares from his mates, no lady in between them.
He caught tiny glimpses of John’s navy jumper, his sandy blonde hair, his position on the very edge of his seat, elbows resting on the back of the one in front of him. Sherlock felt his eyes boring into him and was shocked to find that, unlike every time before, the witness made him feel invincible rather than impossible.
"I had the impression from Mrs. Hudson you were something of an expert on the subject," Sherlock sniffed. "Of dating, that is."
"John," Sherlock breathed when they parted, and then dropped like a stone to sit cross-legged at John's feet. He scrabbled for his notebook and pen where they'd fallen in the sand and began urgently writing.
John saw no reason not to encourage that from happening. "Sherlock. You…are amazing. You are the most incredible, amazing…amazing…I need more words for how amazing you are."
"Careful," said a soft voice from just inside the open door to Sherlock's office, "your guests might talk if they saw you smashing up your own island."
"Janine, feeling any better yet?" John asked. The card said "what do you think" again, but he thought he was up to a little ad libbing.
Sherlock turned a glare on grey-blond hair and a stern face and frowned, at least eighty-two percent certain the blue uniform in front of him did not contain the same attendant who had been annoying him throughout the flight. The voices were different, for one thing.
"Oh, for God's sake." John grabbed Sherlock by the front of his soft purple shirt, pulling him close. "Ready?"
"No, Sherlock. Of course I don't want him out for revenge, but this," John pointed at the tear tracks on Andy's face, "
"Excuse me, sirs." The woman in the flowered skirt stepped up to the table, having exchanged her torch lighter for a tray bearing a bottle of champagne and two flutes. In typical island fashion, the tray was decorated with bright flowers. "Compliments of Mr. Holmes."
Henry smiled into his drink. He hadn't realized when he ordered that it would be served in a coconut with a little umbrella sticking out of it, but he didn't even care right now. It was such a warm, sweet evening.
The plane was arriving, humming across the water. Sherlock could feel its vibration in his chest. John was walking across the lawn to meet him, and Sherlock could feel a different sort of vibration in his chest from the smile John gave him. The morning light brought out the gold in John's hair, so perhaps daytime had been the better choice after all.
and, really, he could barely speak at all so how could he be expected to form a less embarrassing sentence?
Sherlock stood in the doorway of the Jade Villa in his pressed, white, perfectly dry suit frowning at the water puddling at John's feet.
"Oh. Er, thanks. But what about you?" John frowned down at the curved bamboo grip in his hand. "Wait. Isn't this Mycroft's?"
"Oh, and who do we have here?" Mrs. Hudson cooed, stepping out in front of Sherlock before he could deliver his customary welcome. She bent down to address their new guest.
"Here we are, Andy." A solemn-eyed, soothing-voiced Sherlock swept through the door from the kitchen carrying a tea tray.
Sherlock looked up. Their eyes locked. Slowly, deliberately, he stroked his thumb along the back of John's hand.
The man jerked the folder back out of his grasp and took a deep breath. His soft brown eyes had gone steely dark. "In that case. Mycroft Holmes. I'm taking you into custody. For the murder of Andrew West."
"I had planned to save this announcement for later in the evening…hopefully after you'd all had much more to drink."
Sherlock put his pen down and frowned. "It means sexual activity that takes place under a waterfall."
Sherlock moved wordlessly back to the table and sat. He looked down the whole time, avoiding John's gaze, and held his hands out on the tabletop to indicate they should resume the position in which they'd begun the séance.
"Okay. Good. So…here's what's going to happen next. While you…process that…I'm going to go back to my
John spotted them at the edge of the crowded garden, holding hands, chatting with a long, lean man in a slim-fitting white suit. John blinked.
"I've given Mr. Holmes my resignation. And, the dear man, he so kindly agreed to allow me to invite all of you here to celebrate, even though I'll be seeing you much more frequently now back home!" She beamed at Sherlock, who had not so much as batted an eyelash, and then out at her family, who burst into applause.
"We have two. We could compare the experiences. If we weren't wasting valuable experimentation time eating
"Well!" Holmes clapped his hands together. "Now that's settled I'll have someone show you to your quarters, Miss Wenceslas."
"It's exquisite," she breathed. Her eyes were caught by the figure of a woman, her silhouette dark and sleek, arched between two tall starlit windows. She had red-soled shoes. The paint still gleamed wet. "My God. Is that supposed to be me? You painted me?"
"You might want to choose your next command with some care," Lyons said, and his gaze ran slowly down Henry's body.
"You look very handsome, Dr. Watson. A proper," she glanced at Sherlock, "colleague for our Sherlock."
"Places, everyone." Sherlock waved an imperious hand, and the milling staff fell immediately into their positions. Steel drums commenced a soft rhythm and a row of dancers began to sway in time. Trays of fruit and bright, icy drinks were readied.
in direct connection with his feelings for Sherlock, but now it seemed as easy and as inevitable and as painfully bright as the sun rising. "And far too easy to love."
Sherlock's head was bent over his mobile when John returned, his thumbs a blur of motion on the keypad, issuing instructions for staff to collect the unfortunate guests at his feet, John presumed.
elegant, John. Not only will Henry Knight recover in time from his fear of dogs, but he'll fund Will Lyons' animal shelter."
"But I thought…" John gestured at the now-empty stage. Dust motes swirled in the soft, rose-colored light. "Love. Janine, she came here looking for love. Isn't that what this is about?"
fool of himself over Sherlock. The partial fool he had made of himself was bad enough. He had since tried to maintain a pleasant, professional demeanor, not seeking out Sherlock's company except when some island business-related task was requested of him.
The bar was quiet, with only a few other groups of people talking in low voices at their respective tables. The breeze carried the scent of the ocean.
John blinked a sort of sudden brightness out of his eyes, took a deep breath, and said, "Sherlock, I love you with the force of the entire sun." He knew he sounded a right soggy sap but he was
"How?" Janine shook her head helplessly. "They're incredible, all of them. Like they've walked out of my fantasies. How can I pick just one?"
"I have no particular sentiment towards dogs," Sherlock said distantly, looking across the lagoon. "I was simply…making our guest feel welcome."
"Oh." John drew back at the sudden blaze of resentment in Sherlock's eyes. "I…do you need me…would you like me to come with you?"
"Yes, you're a man of many skills," Sherlock said drily, but he shot a quick, appreciative look at John's hands at the same time.
Radka dismissively slashed a heavily be-ringed hand through the air. "Never mind that. I have discovered something far better. I fear, Mr. Holmes, I will be taking your artist instead." A muticolored paint smudge peeked out from the scooped neckline of her black blouse. There was a distinct blue thumbprint on her collar bone.
Mrs. Turner giggled and gave her cropped silver hair a little fluff. "Well, I needed a plus one, didn't I? Good thing I picked such a charming one. And with my Danny still away in Afghanistan—" The light in her eyes flickered and she shifted her gaze back to the window.
excited for the new client—he always was at the start of a new fantasy, and John always loved seeing it.
John's head whipped around at the deep and rather disappointed voice in his ear and he found himself almost nose-to-nose with Sherlock Holmes, who had apparently slid silently into the seat next to him.
Sherlock's face went immediately soft, his eyes warm. "Hello, girl," he said quietly, and went down on one knee, smiling, to scruffle the fur of her neck. Ushi wagged harder and licked Sherlock's cheek.
Holmes turned to his companion instead of answering her. "Miss Radka Wenceslas, John. Owner of the Hickman Gallery in London. The
"—who refuse to wear their seat belts, turn off their phones, or—most importantly—to treat their flight attendants with even the smallest amount of courtesy."
"So…I have to ask…" John began, oddly emboldened by their shared dismissal, as he watched Mrs. Hudson walk away, watched Sherlock's curls disappear into the shade of a tree-lined trail.
"No." John shook his head immediately. Scarred and saddened as his old friend was, different as he was, he was still
"Ah!" John retrieved his socks and sat on the edge of the bed to pull them on. "Okay, then what happens?"
Behind them, a burst of raucous laughter came from the wedding party, who had essentially formed a sort of squashed scrum in the narrow aisle. A hovering flight attendant was looking harried, trying to herd everyone back to their seats for the descent.
dark-eyed brunette bounded out from behind the backstage curtain, waving happily. The audience applauded while she got herself situated in a director's chair next to the tall panel, wallpapered with enormous purple flowers, that would hide her potential dates from her view. The audience, of course, would see everyone.
Mrs. Hudson reached out and gave Ushi a welcoming pat on the head. Ushi wagged her tail enthusiastically and gave Mrs. Hudson an adoring look.
Sherlock looked up at her, eyes calm and serene. He smiled; a gentle, tender thing that shook Irene to her bones. How human. She reached out to touch his cheek, brushing the backs of her knuckles against his skin. He leaned slightly into the touch, eyes closing. “There you are,” she whispered. “It has been too long.”
John nodded solemnly. “Well, I most certainly am not ready to die. I’ve only just met you. As awful as it sounds, I’d like to make it to second base, as they say, so I suppose I’m willing to wait that bit out.”
Incredibly short chapter this week, loves. I'm so sorry! I've had a brilliant fic idea dawn on me HARD this week, and I've been having so many thoughts about it that it's been a bit hard to focus on this one. Would you guys still love me if I started the other instead? I promise it will be good. I PROMISE. I've planned so much of it already.
The entire room burst into laughter and just like that, all the tension evaporated. John’s eyes continued to water, with laughter and also with tears of joy and immense gratitude. B tossed him another beer. He screwed off the lid and Egan, quiet through the entire exchange, grinned and lifted his beverage high. “To Cap and his happiness. Cheers.” The team toasted, grinned and drank up.
Sherlock let slip a tiny frustrated noise, hardly a puff of hot air from his chest. John’s eyes shifted up, diverting his focus from Sherlock’s hips, and raised an eyebrow. “Tired of these civvies, darling?” Slipping his thumbs into the loops of Sherlock’s trousers, John tugged them down to his knees. Sherlock slid gracefully out of them, then folded in half to peel off his cashmere socks. John admired the perfect tent of his partner’s pants. “Come here and see me,” John murmured.
Jane gawked at him, sandwich already in her mouth. She bit and chewed frantically, trying to get to a socially acceptable level of talking with her mouth full. John laughed at her attempt to move food into her cheek so she could respond.
Jess, their favorite bartender, was telling some story to a newcomer, likely the one about her ex-boyfriend getting punched by her younger sister. It was her best story, and it only got better every time she told it. Jess glanced at the door upon hearing it swing open and grinned, arms extended up in the air. “Hold on a sec, it gets good, I swear!” She shuffled to the end of the counter, her t-shirt with cut off sleeves swaying carelessly around her thin waist. Bleach stains lined the frayed bottom, likely from cleaning the bar and tables at the end of her shifts. Jess had been working at the Duke and Duchess for as long as John could remember. Thursday night drinks were a long-standing tradition for him and Callum: they would get inordinately pissed the night before their uni matches, and Jess would shuffle them out, her home en route to the boys’ shoddy apartment. Her laugh was a solid one, loud and happy, and her toothy grin put John at ease.
B turned her to face him and tucked the loose strands of blonde behind her right ear. “Tell me what you want, Jane.”
John stared at Sherlock, eyes unchanged. His voice dropped to a low whisper. “I’m not sure what happened there, Mr. Holmes, or what your life in London is like. But I can assure you, no one
Molly extracted the keys from her purse and wiggled one into the lock. She turned to Sherlock and gave him a look. It was one he hadn’t seen on her: something fragile, gentle, pleading. They stepped inside and Callum was lounging on the sofa.
John woke to fire in his lungs. The room was covered in ash. He slowly pulled himself to his feet, feeling warm liquid running from somewhere near his left temple. He hacked, covered his mouth with the inside of his shirt, and hastily searched the storage in the hall for a gas mask. After five huge gasps, he felt the fire in his chest turn to embers. He flicked on his maglight and began his search for bodies.
“Am I?” Jane asked, looking directly at John. She seemed confused and certainly convinced that she was not the first person who had considered John in a serious relationship as a perfectly viable option. John only shrugged, completely unsure of where this conversation was headed.
Sherlock pivoted on his heels to look at John, still in his pyjamas. His hair was ruffled and sticking up a bit in the back, and a sweet glow emanated from his skin.
Mrs. Turner frowned curiously after Ravi as he dashed off to enthuse at another departing guest. "What was that about?"
Someone with a voice like low tide. Someone whose mouth looked soft as a breeze but whose eyes promised a maelstrom. Someone—
Sherlock emerged from the bathroom and tossed his damp towel at John, who snatched it out of the air with an appreciative leer at Sherlock's naked form. "He's going to
Inside, they lay side-by-side on the floor, Radka's head by Mikolas' feet, the stone cool through her summer-thin cotton dress. Mikolas chipped away at one grey tile with his flimsy pocket knife, scratching his initials. "This place is
He took his time tidying himself, collecting himself, before he returned to the sitting room with a clean towel and a glass of water.
"Oh." John's stomach dropped with a rush of jealousy, even as his gaze sharpened with curiosity. "So you and he…"
So as John dragged himself back to his bungalow in the late hours of the evening, running a weary hand through his hair and glancing up in worry at the rolling clouds that had begun to crowd out the stars in the night sky, he blamed his distraction and fatigue for the fact that it took him a moment after he stepped inside to notice the man in his sitting room.
He should have just fucked the man in the gazebo and had done with it. Now he had a man in his sitting room and documents to re-file and
. We wanted to thank him in person, but," he looked around and shrugged. Sherlock was notably absent.
Andy slumped forward. His forehead thumped on the black-clothed tabletop, narrowly missing his half-empty tea.
Radka Wenceslas's heels clicked on the walkway circling the fountain. Behind her, in worn trainers, Raz followed. He was burdened with luggage like a little pack mule, and wore his ever-present cheeky grin. Radka snapped her fingers at him. "Come along."
"If you will delay my detainment, Detective Inspector, long enough for me to explain the details of the situation, I believe we can clear this matter up to our," Mycroft's mouth twisted bitterly, "mutual satisfaction."
Radka Wenceslas flicked a disgusted glance at the row of welcoming sarongs as she strode past them toward three more formally-dressed people waiting on the lawn in front of a tiered circular fountain. The David-haired chiaroscuro who had called to her had to be her host. She didn't know who the little palette knife-painted war pony beside him was, or the watercolor woman, but then they hardly mattered. She was here to see Sherlock Holmes. She was here for business.
Then Sholto's mission had gone bad. And even though Sholto came out of it alive—was the only one who came out of it alive—John had lost a fellow soldier, a friend, and a
Thunder was rumbling from not too far off and the torches that lit the garden were fluttering wildly in gusts of wind that had begun to bow the nearby trees, but Mrs. Hudson's family all stood listening attentively.
"Yes, well, we have an important guest." Sherlock cast a critical eye over John's appearance, brushed his lapels down, pushed a stray strand of his sun-caught hair back into place. "We want him to feel welcome, don't we?"
to intimidate me. Not this time. I've had more than enough of it." John bared his teeth. "This time, Sherlock, you're
"As I said. Boring." Sherlock brushed a fleck of absolutely nothing from the crease in his white trousers as his attention started to drift away from John.
"If I still had the chance of a relationship with John Watson," Sholto said calmly. "And now I know that I do not. The request I made of you has been fulfilled. And for that I thank you, Mr. Holmes. Wondering what might have been can be a terrible thing. It is…good to move forward, is it not?"
Sherlock smiled, smug as could be. "Sometimes unlikely partners are the best matched. It's not a difficult calculation when one knows the correct formula."
"I didn't do it for you," Sherlock said primly, folding his hands on top of the sheet. His eyes shifted to the side, looking at John. "But you make me understand."
"If someone's giving you trouble, they'll answer to me," Fletcher said gruffly. "I know how to take care of myself and mine, and I'm sure you do too, because you just sound like that sort of woman, but everyone needs someone to have their back sometimes, right? Well, that's me, for you."
John looked down at the list again and smiled. "Morning sex? Who doesn't like morning sex? With…er, what's that word? Prostate?"
Mrs. Turner caught his elbow, keeping him upright with a surprisingly wiry strength. "Are you all right, dear?"
"And you look happy, too," Mrs. Hudson bent down to pet Ushi when the trio stopped in front of them. Ushi wagged at her furiously.
The audience chuckled again, a little more salaciously. John wondered who they all were. Staff, probably. He couldn't make out faces.
The cheerful little yellow and white plane was waiting in the lagoon, door open to the gangway. A few staffers lingered nearby to offer refreshment or assistance.
"She has other business," Sherlock waved a hand in the air, as though that explained something. "And besides, you already have the perfect suit for the occasion."
John set down the mug and folded his arms, giving Sherlock a thoughtful look. "Henry Knight says thank you. Lyons, too. And you're a genius."
Sherlock's eyes were just as startling several inches away as they had been from yards away. Okay, probably more.
Torchlight would have been more romantic. It was a pity their guest was arriving in the daytime rather than the evening—
"He tried," Sherlock grinned, looking extraordinarily pleased with himself. "Detective Inspector Lestrade wanted to make an arrest. For a very specific case, the murder of Andrew West. But he didn't have the resources. Nor did he have the funds to pay our usual fee for a fantasy. So we made a trade. He told me who killed Soo-Lin Yao. In exchange I led him to my brother, who is in fact neck-deep in the Andrew West affair, although not, sadly, the murderer. Lestrade thought he was, though, and tried to arrest him, which led them into a long discussion resulting in Lestrade's employment by Mycroft. So he will, in fact, solve the Andrew West murder as well as many other cases. Oh, and they also slept together, and as much as the thought repels me, will continue to do so, which means my brother will no longer need to lounge around this island annoying me whenever he starts to feel lonely but refuses to admit he's feeling lonely. And I very likely will have a new, hug-happy brother-in-law at some point in the near future. Mycroft, no doubt under some sort of residual oxytocin influence, has also made an offer of employment to Molly Hooper, who now has
"Everyone looks so relaxed," she sighed, looking around approvingly at the other departing guests. "I wish we could stay longer. Oh, there's Ravi!"
John frowned. Andy Galbraith…in a sense, he reminded John of the all fresh-faced boys pouring into Camp Bastion, impossibly young but so determined to believe in something, determined to fight for it. And he reminded John of those same faces the first time they saw one of their mates blown to red meat. His pain was real.
"Whilst your conclusions about the Bruce-Partington case may have been incorrect, Detective Inspector, they were extremely well-reasoned based on the knowledge you had at hand. You are clear-headed and thorough, and…once personal concerns are set aside, which as you see is a very simple and easy matter for me…not unpleasant to work with. You pursued your goal of an arrest for Andrew West's murder with impressive determination and in the end you did not apologize for any…actions…taken in that pursuit. I appreciate your methods. We could use a man like you."
"No." John shifted again as a particularly extended moan drifted up from the pool. There was just so much…movement. Rolling and grinding and sloppy slapping sounds and…
Having spent a large portion of the morning letting Noah drive her around the island in one of the open-doored red estate wagons with the red-and-white striped awnings she'd always thought so cheerful, Molly Hooper felt well caught up on all the island gossip and acquainted with all the little changes made in the gardens and architecture since she'd left.
"Ugh," Sherlock waved a hand. "I visited the reception lawn earlier this morning. Briefly. Everyone was
either. Couldn't function. Couldn't bear the eyes of the people who knew him before. Couldn't understand his place in the world he had been expelled to. Before he'd met Sherlock.
"Mycroft!" Sherlock held his mobile to his ear as his voice went false-bright. He listened briefly, blinked, and his eyes shifted to John. He cleared his throat. "Yes, well…that…isn't why I've phoned."
fantasies, make all the necessary arrangements, and the rest is as I have already described to you, John."
How quiet was it inside that enormous white villa of Sherlock's? Was he sulking in silence or—or what? John didn't know, but he felt uneasy.
would call such a dismal area his place of business. At least in the near-dark she was saved the details of the filth she might have seen in better light.
"It's a lovely ceremony," John said, keeping his own voice politely low, although Sherlock hadn't bothered. They were in the back row, at least. John had thought it best to leave the closer seats to friends and family.
A young woman in pink wrinkled her nose at him and said, "Ew," but she pulled her companion away by the elbow toward an alternate path.
John stopped directly in front of Sherlock. His hair was still ruffled from the afternoon breeze and he smelled like salt air. "I want you to tell me. Exactly. What it is you think I want."
"You think I seduced you to get that Bruce-Partington file. But I didn't. I didn't know who you were or that that file existed. I just…I was waiting for you, after, and it was
difference, and he'd be able to call on additional resources when it was necessary. And Lestrade sighed because the sunlight was bringing out auburn threads in Mycroft's dark hair. And because he'd never felt as horrible as when, after some of the best sex he could remember, after one of the most immediate,
"Sherlock Holmes," Mrs. Hudson closed Sherlock's office door behind her firmly, her face set with resolve, "I want a word with you."
this guy? He wasn’t human; it couldn’t be possible. He was too kind, too bright, far too observant to make Sherlock comfortable, too forgiving, too understanding, too fucking good at his job, too perky, to selfless, too professional, and too valiant. It was infuriating. John Watson was infuriating. Why did he feel so fucking flustered? He snatched the bag of toothpaste, deodorant, floss and the like from the doctor and sauntered to the counter. If you could call it sauntering. Is it still considered sauntering if you’ve just retched your fucking brain out in a hospital loo? He pulled out the toothbrush and paste, ran the faucet, and scrubbed his teeth. He eyed the doctor in the mirror. Watson looked several things at once. Concerned, likely about Sherlock’s condition. Guilty, probably for cutting off the morphine too quickly. Watson couldn’t have known he needed more weaning. Sherlock supposed John understood that he had an addictive personality, but not the extent of it. And mildly debauched. His cheeks were flushed and red, his mouth slightly parted, eyes widened a bit, not in panic, but in… arousal? Sherlock pulled the toothbrush from his mouth, locking John through the mirror. He raised an eyebrow, probing for an explanation. Watson blinked once, twice, then pinched the bridge of his nose and stepped out of the bathroom.
Sherlock gently placed his violin back into its case, clicking it shut away from the snow. He then tugged the collar of his Belstaff tighter around his scarf and suit, and turned his attention back to the ceremony.
“No, Sherlock, I’m quite alright, thank you.” John paused. “…I was just thinking that I left a few things upstairs that I’d like to get first, if that’s okay.”
“I’m sorry. I had that dinner at the orphanage tonight. Remember?” A light wash of guilt flooded her, but not enough to steal away the bitterness.
John huffed a disbelieving laugh. “Yes. But Sherlock. This is a PhoeniX. It’s a Saab sports car. What are
Molly studied Sherlock’s face, her eyes sharp and narrowed. “That’s what’s wrong.” It wasn’t a question. Sherlock stared up at her from the floor, and then signed as he dug the heels of his hands into his eyes. Molly felt like an idiot. “Sherlock! Why didn’t you say something?”
He plucked a small snail from its home on the rock and held it in his palm. Sherlock watched the creature, waiting for the moment it was calm enough to move again.
"She had told me a joke. I looked over to see her laughing. The window was down and her hair..." He envisioned Harriet's wild, blonde strands billowing around her face, catching in her eyelashes and lip gloss. She had the best smile. "Her hair was everywhere. The sun was behind her, which is why I didn't see the other car. It ran the stoplight. It plowed right into her." John felt a mixture of terror and relief: speaking of it was agony, but saying it out loud made it real. Someone else was sharing it with him. Someone else to help carry it, help understand it or make sense of it. "When I came to, I felt hands at my belt. We had been plowed and flipped. She was hanging there, caught... They pulled me out and laid me on a stretcher. The street was crimson. A thin, dark line." Sherlock kissed John's ear and hummed an affirmative noise.
Sherlock was rehearsing a few necessary phrases using his translation app when his mobile was snatched from his hand. "Do you mind?"
. Sherlock's arms went around John, and John pressed his whole body into the next kiss, and there was nothing else in the world.
The Vermeer had best be brilliant or she would have Holmes's head on a platter and call it her new exhibit. Bring people in to the gallery, sell it for the money, it hardly mattered any more. Art was business, not some foolish childhood…she frowned…
"Molly Hooper. Professional pathologist and amateur babbler. I'm here with Martha Hudson's party. The family reunion. Are you…?"
"You are. I know it hurts, but let me stay," she touched his chest again, "here with you. Don't seal me off in rage and despair and
John leaned to the side so he could push his shoulder against Sherlock's. "Right. Observer effect, is it?"
He could only organize his new living space so much, given that he owned next to nothing apart from the new suit that had been waiting for him when he moved in. (He'd now thanked Mrs. Hudson, who made a point of noting that Sherlock had given her John's measurements for the tailor with remarkable accuracy.)
"'Course I can." Raz grinned cheerfully. "I don't know hardly much, you're thinking, I can see. But I do know art."
He would obviously never say as much to Sherlock, but it was a beautiful island his brother had chosen to spend his time and energy on, frivolous as his pursuits may be. Even Mycroft, normally susceptible to precious few temptations, was susceptible to relaxation in a place like this. The rain-scented wind stirred again, whispering secrets across the leaves.
"Hi, Mycroft!" Archie yelled, dashing across the lawn toward a startled-looking Mycroft, who began looking around a little wildly, like he was hoping for rescue.
"Murdered." Sherlock held the jacket at his full arm's length and gave it a little shake. It made a wet slapping sound. "London. Three weeks ago."
"And I'd like to point out how impressive that is, given the fact that your writing's barely legible right side up."
A woman in the row in front of them glanced over her shoulder, frowning a bit. Sherlock gave her a ludicrously simpering smile.
John squinted into the floodlights for a tall white suit just so he could shoot a significant look at Sherlock over the word "game" in the bloody
"Yeah," Henry beamed, squeezed so hard he could have grunted in delight himself. "It was. It really was."
Henry Knight, in the right light, was quite a handsome bloke. Usually he was standing in the other light, though, the light that gave him just a bit of a gormless look. Which was inaccurate and totally unfair. He had plenty of…gorm, thank you very much. Except when it came to being around dogs. He felt completely foolish having to come so far, go to such lengths to get over his silly childhood fear.
"No," Andy said. He touched a hand to his chest and smiled a watery little smile. "But it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter."
At least he could take off his costume now. All of it, the clothes, the expressionless face, the indifference. Sherlock kicked off his white shoes a little more viciously than was necessary just to hear the noise they made when they hit the entryway wall, which turned out to be a fairly unsatisfying thud. The vase, he suspected, would do better. He grabbed it by its neck, swore just as viciously as he thought
John's jolt of adrenaline, prickling him into an instant wary alertness, had already allowed him to process as much, even in the shadowed blue half-light. This man was no threat. No
"Thank you, Mr. Holmes." Captain Watson's dark eyes drifted to the buckle and then jerked away. He licked his lips. "Sarah," he called over his shoulder. "Would you please let First Officer Stamford know we can prepare for descent now. I'll be right there."
The space quickly filled up with John and Sherlock’s favorite people. Music sat in the quiet spaces between conversations and laughter. Molly and Jane danced briefly on the living room rug while John and Sherlock sorted out the chicken and stuffed mushrooms. Callum and Wesley chatted about John’s CD collection, and how 1995 it was. The liquor stash steadily depleted, along with the tagalong sixers in the cooler on the floor.
“I’ve let myself love you, and in turn, have introduced misery into our friendship. How could I ever expect you to wait here for me, two years longer, when I was the idiot that left you in the first place? I have not even asked if the emotional aspects were reciprocated.”
“Tito, Izzi, hello. There’s someone I want you to meet.” Sherlock gestured towards John, who stepped forward, hand extended. Sherlock’s knees felt unsteady. John was incredible. He had met numerous new people this evening and hadn’t batted an eye. They were so different in many ways.
He smiled down into his glass, index finger tracing a ring around the rim. “Right you are, Irene,” he barely whispered.
Callum knew he would cry. This was his wedding day. He was a sap and a softie and everyone who knew him knew it. The sight of John Watson in a suit was nothing unheard of. John Watson with intentionally mussed hair and a moss green bowtie was slightly unusual, but still a possibility. John Watson as a borderline emotional wreck, however, was a rarity indeed, at least to the public. Callum’s eyes found his best man’s, and he could see the tears. Even if John had been miles away, Callum would still see them.
Sherlock carded both hands through his curls, allowing his head to sink between his arms where his elbows held him steady on the table. He couldn’t get rid of John. Every time he closed his eyes, there he was, charming and undeniable on the back of his lids. It was positively maddening.
“Yes, I’ll bring that up later. But for now, I need you to understand a few things before we go into this.”
Molly stepped inside, followed by Callum and then John saw a blonde – finally, another – trot up the stairs. “Sorry, I just… Hi.” She stood on the top step, a look on her face that John placed somewhere between surprise and curiosity. She gave an awkward half-wave.
Sherlock grinned and took a large step up onto the stage. “Will you push that button? Yes, that one, just there. Thank you.”
A lovely brunette in a low-cut shirt set two pints down on the table and then wiped her hands on her apron. “Anything else I can get you, darlings?” She tucked a stray piece of hair behind her ear and rested her hands on her hips.
“That makes me special, then. Doesn’t it, Mr. Holmes?” John put the smallest amount of distance between the two of them. He ran his thumb along the smooth edges of Sherlock’s jaw and stood up on the balls of his feet to place a tender kiss on his forehead.
“Oh, piss off, John. Don’t make me feel guilty because I didn’t want to watch a bunch of queers in—“
“You look defeated. Even if you are, don’t let the others catch on.” He winked at her, and tucked a stray fringe of her bangs behind her ear. “Best thing Callum ever taught me. Our mantra. It’ll pass. You’re beautiful and clever and kind. And a teacher. You change lives every day, Jane. The world won't stop for us. Trust me, I know.” John clenched his jaw to check his emotions, as these words rang true even for him, even now. “So don’t let it suck you in. Stay above it. Chin high, shoulders square.” Jane obeyed, dramatically jutting her chin as far in the air as she could. They both laughed, tension easily dissolving around the warm sound. John gently kissed her cheek and extended an arm.
John raised an eyebrow in Sherlock’s direction. A small smile took his mouth, followed by a look of mild bewilderment.
John winced. Jane seemed startled by his response. She waved her hand dismissively, and then made a point to look at the man by the door and back to John. Then she winked and walked past him. He took it back. He took it all back. He was going to strangle her alive.
John realized they were not whispering. Lestrade fidgeted and looked around the room, trying, and failing miserably, to disguise a smirk.
Irene gave a weak and wobbling wave, and they went to find Molly and Callum to offer their congratulations and goodbyes.
He grinned into the pillow, already keenly awaiting the image of Sherlock on stage. He had the entire day to wait, with no prior plans or engagements. John shoved down the covers and emerged from his nest of sheets and warm comforters. He ran a hand through his sleep mussed hair and went to the kettle, beaming every step of the way.
John was a fairly average looking man. He had perpetually disheveled blonde hair that paired nicely with blue eyes, varying from shallow ocean to midnight, depending on his mood. They were kind eyes, tinted with the ferocity of a man who has seen and survived a life that had left much wanting. His nose was sharp and symmetrical and just below, a mouth framed in laughter lines. He was amenable, charming and too sharp tongued for his own good most days. Women adored him, men befriended him, and he knew no strangers.
John ran his tongue along the underside of Sherlock’s swollen erection. His hips rutted forward in approval, his breath hitching in his chest. John reached his hands forward and short, clean nails clawed down Sherlock’s abdomen before Watson took him into his mouth. The feeling was sinful; the hard on was hot, solid and throbbing. It was delicious. The detective watched in awe as John’s blushing cheeks hollowed, his eyes as dark as three am. “John…” Sherlock's voice was far away, his eyes closed, that gorgeous neck vulnerable and asking to be bitten.
“I… I’m sorry, John, but when you left, I went through your room. I shouldn’t have, but I missed you, and I slept there for a while...” John felt excess saliva building in his mouth. He was going to be sick. “And I found a ring.”
John nodded, chuckled and let the rowdy men inside. All the boys knocked the snow off their boots on the stairs, slid them off in a neat line by the door and carried their drinks into the kitchen. It was evenings like this one that John was amazed he could fit nearly twenty-four bodies in one place. He plugged up his iPod to the surround sound and let some early Radiohead float from the speakers. He needed to be centered for this, needed to be grounded.
“All good things I hope. Thank you. It's a pleasure to finally meet you, Jane. This is Irene.” Irene waved, since Jane's hand was now full of an awkwardly wet ice bag.
“Just get in, Sherlock.” His voice didn’t even sound strained. What the fuck was his problem? Would it kill him to acknowledge that Sherlock was an insensitive prick and deserved to be treated like shit? He sat on the vinyl of the bench seat. It was hot under his skin. John shut his door and crossed over, crawling in on his own side. Though John was a stout man, the size of the truck swallowed him up. Watson cranked and shifted into gear fluidly. Sherlock stared out the window at the empty expanse of desert. John did not speak a word.
“Dr. Phillips. Hi.” Jane allowed the door to swing open and invited him in. “Would you like a cuppa? I just made one with my new Kuerig. Clever little thing, it is.”
John’s fingers tapped the side of his hot cuppa as he considered the night’s events. It had put things into an entirely new perspective. It was one thing for John to die in Afghanistan… it was almost expected. But for them to be killed by a psychopath in a swimming pool somehow morbidly connected to Sherlock’s childhood was just too twisted. He watched the detective’s chest move with his breathing, watched the sun come up through the makeshift curtains and kiss his exposed skin, and watched the curls around his face dance from his breath. It was time. And John was ready.
“Alright. Let’s see, then. Rhys, set it up.” John trotted to the sideline to properly watch, arms crossed and closed off. Callum began to bite at his cuticles, uneasy with John’s demeanor. Egan and Rhys were describing the play with grand, sweeping gestures, Rhys’ red-tipped mohawk flouncing as he spoke. Jasper nodded in response, clearly trying to keep up with Rhys’ million-kilometer-an-hour way of talking. Callum bit hard at a nail, debating on whether or not to confront his captain.
Jane shut her door and toed off her Chucks, her wool socks warm from walking from the Tube. She dropped her satchel next to the red suede sofa and headed straight into the kitchen. As Jane eyed the tea selection in her cabinet, a weird, sick feeling twisted in her stomach. She didn’t actually want to be alone tonight, but she also didn’t want to be around people who knew her too well. She wanted to enjoy company without being made to feel pitied, or being worried over. She dug her cell from her coat pocket and dialed B, hoping he was in for the evening.
“God, yes.” Callum was at the edge of the stage, weaving through the orchestra pit, until he stood in front of his fiancée. “C’mere.” Molly stood and walked to where Callum was waiting, her feet red and raw from working on pointe for nearly five hours. His hands ran up her pink legs, gripping her thighs where they met the tight line of her leotard. She let a ragged exhale escape from her lips and Callum grinned. “Going my way?”
John sat at the table with his hands in his hair. How had he thought, in his slightly inebriated state, that Sherlock Holmes was reachable? The man was nearly an intangible idea, too beautiful and too much to be touched, coaxed, or summoned. John stared down at the contact information on his phone. He had no idea where to start or what to say. What if Sherlock had just been kind and offered John his number so as to not hurt his feelings? John shook his head. Sherlock wouldn’t do something if he didn’t want to. At least, he didn’t seem the type to do what others wanted simply because
John rested his hand on the table as discreetly as possible. He actually needed support to stand. This was fucking ridiculous. Had anyone… Had he ever… Had sex ever even… Shit. Fucking shit.
Sherlock unfolded himself from the couch and leaned forward, left hand extended. “I didn’t say no, so yes, obviously it’s yes.” John allowed his own tears to escape as he slid the slender, silver band on Sherlock’s finger. It fit famously, and the sight of it made John’s heart explode into starlight in his chest. Sherlock held it out to examine it and wiped away the tears with his other hand. He leaned forward, touching his forehead to John’s.
John stood up and brushed the curls away from Sherlock’s face. The detective stilled instantly. “Get some rest, Sherlock. We’re moving to the facility tomorrow.” Watson headed for the opening of the tent and paused, one shoulder already mostly through. “Don’t apologize for who you are. Just remember not everyone can be like you, and we don’t deserve to be punished for that.”
John chuckled. Kirsten gathered up her materials, putting everything in its proper place. She slung her bag over her shoulders.
John sat perched on a bar stool at the island in the center of the kitchen, smiling at the sizzling and popping happening on the stove in front of him. Sherlock sucked a spare bit of homemade pesto from his thumb and wiped his fingertips on the dish towel slung over his shoulder. His shirt was two buttons open rather than the normal one, his hair curling a bit more from the steam of the pasta cooking. John rested his chin in his palm and admired Sherlock as he worked.
“You are a wanton thing,” John whispered, kissing her plainly on her lips. “I suppose I can fulfill that request. Don’t think I’ve forgiven you, though, because I most certainly have not. And don’t plan to.”
Sherlock's hand wandered down the the stark silhouette of bristly pines circling his forearm. The tattoo ended in a solid, black band just below his watch line, and within the solid ink, "still I rise" stood out in his flesh tone. "Interesting way to incorporate text. Haven't seen the negative space utilized this way before."
The compound stood tall against the flat lines of sand. It was torture, being able to see it from such a distance. It made the remainder of the drive drag on. Finally, when they arrived, Sherlock climbed out of the vehicle and grabbed his bag. He felt thoroughly ill. Sick to his stomach, in fact. He had been biting back the overwhelming need to retch for over half the journey.
“Hello. I’m sorry to interrupt. I had not originally planned a speech, and Molly, of course, in her never ending kindness, had not requested I make one. But I’m Jane Jesep, Molly’s maid of honor. And while I don’t know many of you very well, I just wanted to pipe up and say that in all my life, which I am aware hasn’t necessarily been that long, but humor me…” the room gave a soft laugh and John smiled up at her. “I have never before witnessed the kind of love that exists around Callum and Molly. I think many people walk through their lives every day, believing this sort of love is not a tangible thing: I most certainly believed that. Spent five years of my life believing it, in fact. So I guess my point… what is my point?” John laughed and nodded, encouraging her to continue. “My point is that Molly and Callum are two fantastic human beings, of course, but they would only be two decent humans if it were not for those that love them. Thank you for being here with them today, and know that your love, in some small way, has contributed to their incredible character and perhaps has guided them to find one another. And a particular shout out to John Watson. For he loves them the most of all I have met, perhaps even better than I.” She held back a sob and looked to Molly. “I love you Molly Everett. Jesus, that’s going to take some getting used to. And Callum, I love you as well. These last few months would have felt impossible had it not been for the three of you. You have healed me and I am so honored to know you. A small toast to incredible people, incredible evenings and incredible beverages. Drink up!”
Quickly, he took off his shirt and wrapped it around his hand. John set to work untwisting the light bulb nearest to him from the wall, feeling its heat quickly seep through to his hand. This was not a cup of tea. It was painful, but bearable. He scurried to the next one and did the same. It was the last light before the entrance to the compound, and most everything fell to darkness.
The redhead strolled forward, bare feet barely making a sound against the hardwood floors of his room. Her hair was down and curled, John’s absolute favorite on her, and black eyeliner traced the top of her lids, causing her green eyes to radiate. “For you to take me out, show me off, bring me home…” Her mouth was skimming his ear now, breath ghosting across his neck. “And wreck me.” She laced her hand through the hair at the nape of his neck and gave a playful tug. John chuckled.
“Okay, through the right set of doors, up the stairs. We’ve got box seats. I’m going to see if I can find Sherlock and wish him luck! I’ll see you in just a few.” Molly planted a kiss on Callum’s mouth, and headed for another door. John looked at Callum; they both shrugged their shoulders and headed through the proper set of doors. The stairs were covered in a rich, red, velvet carpet. John felt guilty for wearing shoes. At least he had shined them up, even if he had done a half ass job of it. After three sets of stairs, the boys broke into a hall way, each set of box seats labeled from the outside. Their tickets read BX221A, 221B, 221C, 221D.
Sherlock waved his hand dismissively. “I ordered two Imperial Stouts. That is one of your preferences, is it not?”
Sherlock brushed the unruly blonde from John’s forehead, and watched as his eyes grew heavy. He felt his hand slow, heard John’s breathing settle, felt a warm hand on his hip, and then there was nothing.
As Sherlock turned with a small smile on his face, his eyes alight with comfort, glee, and something else, something twinkling and absolutely perfect, John knew. He leaned forward into Sherlock’s space, one hand touching those feathersoft curls and the other resting gently on Sherlock’s cheek, and he kissed him.
Sherlock sighed and scrubbed his hands over his face, which, now that Molly was paying closer attention, seemed gaunt and a bit discolored. His eyes were a dull, stormy gray. “I apologize, Molly,” he started quietly, “I’m not familiar with such frustration and confusion. It was not just of me to expel those things on you.”
“It isn’t fair,” she said in a broken whisper. “How can he be gone? He was here yesterday. Sitting just there.” Dr. Phillips rubbed her back tenderly. “He was such a gentleman. At least for me.” He let her go and took a step back, grabbing the cup of black tea from the Keurig.
John stared blankly at the dirt floor. He sat on his cot, his head between his knees. He felt nothing, heard nothing, saw nothing. The dirt shifted, then settled. He felt hollow, like someone had taken a teaspoon and scooped out his insides as if they were pumpkin seeds on Halloween.
John had cringed at some of the horror stories B had told him about some of the other boys from the home. B went out on his own after he came of age. He got a job as a server at a nice restaurant and worked under an angel named Mrs. Hudson. She helped him out by giving him a discounted flat above the restaurant. B saved up, bought himself a bike, joined a gym. He worked over forty hours a week, and focused on training himself for rugby. For the life B had, John knew the kid was incredibly self-aware. B knew he had trouble managing anger and resentment. John figured, like most kids with a shitty home life, B could have taken it out on everyone else, turned to substance abuse, done horrible things and used his past as the excuse to ride until he found himself in a tits up situation he couldn’t bullshit his way out of. In fact, that scenario rang all too familiar. But B had channeled all that fury into athletics, and making himself physically, and mentally, stronger. B was a quiet guy, mild and soft-spoken in most situations. You would never believe him to be a boy who grew up feeling unloved and unworthy of other people’s love. He had turned himself into a man who knew the love he held for himself was enough, and had to be for the time being. John believed him to be one of the bravest men he had ever met.
John wasn’t sure what he had expected. He hadn’t expected anything, to be honest; he wasn’t informed they were going to be coming here. A comforting feeling sank into his skin at the realization. He knew something in Sherlock had shifted and clicked into a new position in order to bring John to his home.
Sherlock’s foot tapped nervously against the floor, frustrated by Irene’s tardiness. Would it kill her to show up for something on time? She knew he had a million—
"These are obviously the lunar phases. My astrological sign is Cancer, and my ruling planet is the moon." John paused for a moment, and Sherlock watched as his mouth curled into a shrewd smile. "My sister was huge into astrology. She always said I was so true to my sign. She and I each got something related to our ruling planet when she turned eighteen." John barely skipped a beat before he moved onto the next one: "I know you recognize this," he taunted. "The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few -"
John looked up at Sherlock, a hurt expression in his eyes. Sherlock was grinning. He popped open a lager and handed it to John. “You make it through basic and within hours of arriving home, I wound you. Man up, Watson.”
“Yeah. Sounds like a proper solution to a ridiculous problem.” Callum grinned, and John could see it in his face that he understood exactly what John meant. Callum had told him to put it to bed, and perhaps, eventually, that’s just what he’d do. For now, it wasn’t a concern and it was taking up far too much of his already limited brain space. He nodded again, in affirmation, and the two men headed for the Duke and Duchess.
John ghosted off the plane and through customs. He stepped off the last stair of the escalator and headed toward his baggage claim. The crowd slowly began to gather and the luggage was spat out of the center and distributed across the cold metal. His camouflage duffel surfaced. By the time he registered it, another man had already scooped it up. John walked towards the man, bristled. He went to tap him on the shoulder, but paused. The gray, wool trench coat billowed as the brunette turned around, and then John was staring at that face. Metallic gray eyes, so different but exactly the same, brown curls tamed and trimmed, and those absurd, ridiculous cheekbones. Air left him in the form of a gasping sob. In one short step, he was in Sherlock’s chest, breathing in his smell (formaldehyde, something warm and spicy, like nutmeg or cinnamon, and London. God, he smelled of rain and damp and smog and
“It was fantastic,” Callum answered. John turned to him, a small smile on his face. Jane noticed the way his eyebrows arched a bit on his forehead, a small furrow now appearing between them. Sherlock watched on, quiet and observant. Jane was amazed. It had been merely two weeks since they had finally plucked up the courage to pursue one another, and it was like months had unfolded in fourteen days. She couldn’t wrap her head around it. Sherlock stood behind John, arm resting on the back of the couch, not far at all from John’s shoulders. Jane could tell he was dying to touch him, to make contact.
