(See the end of the chapter for
“Heh, well- I can’t say I’m shocked but…” he pushes on the wall in multiple spots until he finds a certain sharp edge within it- you stand behind him as he struggles to pull at the end “Let me” you sigh as you pull your knife out, the sharp edge completely digging into the wall slowly, you keep jabbing it inside until the piece finally falls with a thud- revealing a small, dark indentation. Dean doesn’t think twice about sliding his hand through the crevice and you try to pull it back “Dean! What are you?-” you squeal as you try to reason with your anemic brother.
“While we were comatose, you mean?”
“Sam, that’s enough”
He pauses and walks away in the other direction, his coat swaying in the air as he never turns back, only until he reached their truck at least. Sam felt a small grin appear but he knew better and held it in, he turned to Dean who is still glued in place- his face depraved and sullen from the interaction. “Lets get going, we have a long way to go” Dean sniffles and walks towards the other side of the camp, his body loose and almost crumbling away with every step he took. Sam saw how broken he felt from his gestures, Castiel knew that too but somehow there was more missing than explained between the two of them. He shakes his head with a small frown and gestures towards Crowley to help pick everything up, the more the merrier I suppose?
After looking for a while you choose to go to the right-as if walking into the sun. My legs feel better going that way too, isn’t that strange? All of this is strange, just the ability to feel everything all over again even when you wanted it not to-it was comforting to say the least, to remember.
"Balthazar? Did he send you here just to get on my nerves again?" He answered sluggishly as he walked past the stranger and into the open, he knew he had to escape as quickly as he could, and especially if Balthazar was in the picture Castiel knew it would not be a fun thing to look forward to.
Dean Winchester is saved.
He holds him delicately, his eyes a few shades darker the more he pours himself out to the man barely holding himself together, it all felt so nostalgic, just grabbing the pieces that continued to fall from his eyes.
Another bang appears upon the door
Cas turns around instantly even if every bone in his body was telling him not to- but he could never admit to himself that Dean’s voice always drew him back somehow.
A strange bone, just like they said
Castiel pushes the box to the side of the bed and shuffles towards Dean with a strange hunger lurking upon his lips, Dean senses him coming close and he wraps his arms around his leg as he rubs his eyes and nose on them. He’s scared, he’s always scared it seems but this time he didn’t need to be alone with all of these emotions-he knew this but he was just too
“How about we settle for something on the radio? Maybe hear something other than outdated tracks?” Sam taunts him in a sarcastic way as he pulls out his book and looks back at Dean-who is most probably already planning his murder in his head-even joking about Zeppelin can strike a nerve.
“You know. After everything these past few years I kind of wanted you to…actually act like a friend, just this once? Zach, Alex and the rest of them? They didn’t even want to keep a nutcase like you the moment you stepped into our path. But me? I thought better than that- I thought hey- give the guy a chance, he might actually surprise us. And you did…occasionally. But I guess it’s my own stupidity that might’ve gotten the best of me even now”
“I’m kind of freaking out, if you don’t mind” Castiel whispered as he looked left and right constantly as his paranoia took over. Dean’s wide eyes softened at the sight- something that's almost too familiar to him. He strangely felt...stronger now, knowing that he wasn’t alone in this. Their shared fear of the unknown was slowly fading away and Dean amused himself with Castiel’s fear struck eyes.
You are not poison. You are not…you are not the burnt and broken shell of a man that you believe yourself to be. You’re everything one wishes to be, the fallen hero that smiles through all of the blood, a man so driven by his heart that he forgets that he’s human too, you’re someone who’s worthy of all the good in this world and beyond. Dean…everything you’ve done…
Dean's eyes grow wide and he starts to blink again, quite excessively. He lowers his head and adjusts himself in his confined space, a few sniffs and groans from his agitation echo within their domain and Castiel only eases into the sound-he knew Dean felt the same way.
“Yeah-but I still thought you were hot as hell so it didn’t even bother me that much. That and your usual disobedience-you really knew what got to me”
“I’ll talk to him, he just needs some time to himself right now” Sam whispers as he watches Dean walk further ahead up the river with his hands in his jacket “He’s overwhelmed by all of this, me coming back didn’t make it any easier” Sam looks down, a mournful smile appearing and leaving his face instantly, Crowley stands still beside the fire pit as he watches the both of them walk away in opposite directions- he sighs and watches the embers become dimmer by the pulsating winds.
“That’s the guy? You gotta be shitting me”
"Please, just please. Tell me you remember me?" I breathed. I kept looking at him for answers, I kept looking at him for any sign of hope, I needed him to say  something, anything.
“Well, this is the worst situation we’ve ended up in, yet” Dean speaks into the huddle you created, Sam shows the number of bullets in his hands, maybe 10 or so, but all useless. Your angel blade is intact but it took a lot of your essence to even manage to get to the creature’s head, Dean shows his handgun, a few salt coated bullets and flammable rounds looked useable “This is better than nothing, I didn’t try burning the thing” You muse and look at Dean who also manages to make a small smile, his gleam returning again if only for a moment.
“Because…” Castiel’s eyes lock into the rearview mirror for some reason, as if his instincts knew someone would be looking back at him. Dean watches him closely; he didn’t even consider looking at the road while he did it.
The book was in a well-kept condition even if it was covered with dust and soil. You slap it gently on and blew on it to remove the small specks that remained, the title read:
He turns the door knob
He makes a questioning glance but he listens intently
"These recent events have been... interesting. B-but you see, I think I would prefer not remembering any of the things that had happened between us, in our previous endeavors. Please try to understand, living on earth is complicated as it seems, I'm not quite normal yet. And- well- I want to be normal. I don't want my past mistakes to haunt me anymore, I don't want to cry myself to sleep every night thinking that I don't belong anymore..."
“Let’s just pretend I never did that”
The orange specks on its white fur was completely soaked but even then it refused to move-their little body quivered from the cold as they sat pouting with their folded paws-it was hard to look away “Hello. I’m…Castiel” He whispers in its direction “Wouldn’t it be better if you sat underneath this bridge instead? You’re not doing yourself any favors by sitting outside in the rain”
Dean holds him close as they join their foreheads, both cold and brittle by the air that surrounds them “You spent your whole life saving people, making sure that they never feel the loss that you and your family endured. And because of that you always held yourself accountable for things you couldn’t stop. You never…gave yourself a chance because of it. I’ve seen you and I know you enough to say that you…”
“That” Dean gestures with his eyes and puts his gun away slowly, his eyes blinked sluggishly as he sniffled-the familiarity of the sound made Castiel’s heart melt.
Dean grumbles under his breath as he closes the door and makes his way towards his desk, his stance weak and angry even if it was subtle “You know you have to give him a chance Dean. You said you’d make it work with my cat”
The raging pain inside my head started to grow, I kept shuffling inside the blanket, trapping myself in its warmth. My heart rate had slowed down immensely, the fear inside of me kept bubbling up. Tears were running down my face, tracing my dead skin and burning it slightly. I couldn't stay awake much longer, I couldn't breathe.
“Hmm?”
P.S i wrote some poetry about the boys, I'm contemplating whether I should incorporate it in this somehow- so lets just seeeeeeeee
"I know!" He answers back and focuses on the road without even flinching, somehow he felt like a completely different person and Dean was nothing but thankful for it.
He hated admitting it but he was intrigued by the man. To watch him be
Sam clenches his jaw, a gesture Dean always knew he would do when he pushed the right buttons.
None of us understood what we were getting into.
“Something is definitely off, if only I could see better!” he exasperated, the irritation in his voice was infectious and you felt more agitated the longer he murmured. He pulls out a red flare fro his bag and in one swift move he tears the top open and it sizzles to life.
They look away and gaze at one another with furrowed brows and nervous gulps- something Crowley had anticipated beforehand
I spoke of him
“Yeah but what if it was a factually correct tourist trap?”
Quick
Dean, in no way, could have recognized his voice. At first he remained still and instinctively held the hidden blade in his jacket but something made him stop.
“Then get it through for me because goddamn it I’ve tried, Cas.
“Hmm, still a newbie” she takes a whiff of her cigarette and breathes easily. She stood with 2 other people, all scruffy with unkempt hair and skin, they all smelled of the rain and the soil mixed underneath their boots “We’ve been on the road for a while now; Joe here has been on it for over 4 years now. Just crashing and cruising wherever it was possible. One kind of eases into it huh?”
Dean feels himself slip away and lets the running water cool his thoughts, as hazy as they were. He feels drunk by the strange strumming inside his chest-it didn’t give him any discomfort but in a way he didn’t want to welcome it permanently. He knows why, he always knew this feeling but it always waned from time to time, but he knew it would always come back-no matter how much he wanted to bury it.
Castiel's guilt was becoming a lot harder to swallow as he gazed- he knew that he was imposing and that the noble thing to do now was step away and go back to camp.
“That’s a load of crap and you know it”
“Is it necessary for us to do the tracking spell out here?”
Castiel cuddles Dean when he says that-he could’ve said something but he only wanted to be there for Dean and wanted him to express himself in his own way-his way alone “This is the only photo I have of us-kind of a relic because you never smile”
There is a silence. Dean meows in Castiel’s arms and nuzzles his chin, his purring breaking the animosity from the situation.
“SAM!” You run towards him in a frenzy, your hand only inches away until he's pulled in the other direction
"How is it possible that he was here 3 months ago? He's been gone for much longer than that... What the hell was he up to?"
Dean traced the blade’s sharp end clean across the palm of his hand and he felt the familiar sting begin to emerge, the blood trickled off of his shaking hand and he hid the blade in the backside of his jeans, he waited for the guard to catch his scent and come by. Dean pressed on his wound and he allowed the blood to ooze out more quickly. Moments later the guard came back with his dark eyes and nostrils flaring like a hound dog. Dean could see the thirst the vamp had for the blood and he knew he wanted it bad, he pretended to be in pain and he groaned while he held his stomach and lied in a fetal position on the ground
“Indeed I don’t- I clearly know nothing about you but one thing’s for sure- you’re slowly losing yourself by its power”
Sam’s eyes wander over Dean’s expressions- his breathing bleak and hopeless even with the burnt amulet that swings around his hand, he was ready to speak his mind and Dean was more than happy to oblige and listen to him, just listening to his voice managed to calm him down. “ I know how you feel Dean, I feel betrayed too, okay? But knowing Cas I would do anything to protect what matters most, wasn’t it me who left you alone a few months ago willingly? Thinking I could save us? Constantly telling you how everything has been different for us since the Collapse? That all of my dreams were no longer dreams but memories? Or maybe even things that haven’t happened yet? You knew and even then you didn’t choose to listen-you chose to avoid it as long as possible because…”
“Unless… It isn’t his grace. It’s something else entirely” Dean mumbles to himself, his bowl hanging loose from his fingers
was here, and what’s best of all? That they were able to
“But how do you know? Are we even prepared to do this?”
“Are you…drunk?”
“Get out of my way” He reminds him as he places his hand on his chest. Dean grabs onto his wrist while his right portrays a gesture of surrender. Irritated, Cas grabbed onto Dean’s wrist instead a d tries sloping out of his grasp.
Another thought came to him during all of this
Hey, Dad. I wonder if your ass is also down here suffering like the rest of us?
God damn it, why did he have to say my name like that? Why did he still say my name like that?.
“Well, none that don’t require items”
“Hey-it’s okay. It’s technically his now so don’t worry so much, but I’ll keep the door open for the little shit” Dean wanders in with just his pajama bottoms and his bare chest, the cat jumps off of the bed and escapes through the cracked door “Well, I guess he didn’t want to stay this time” Dean snickers as he shuts the door slowly. He rubs a towel on his head and slides into a dull greyish pink t shirt, his toned body glowed underneath the light and it was a shame to have covered it but Castiel didn’t want to repeat his actions from before so…
“Why?”
Bobby, Sam and Dean look up and listen.
" I saw your wings, they were burning away in the light. They were ju- just being erased. I couldn't understand what was happening, I called out to you, but you didn't turn around. I thought that I had lost you, I thought that I had lost everything". I gave into the pain and fell on my knees, just looking at the floor while I held my head in my hands. I started to sob, but not menacingly thank God. I shifted my eyes and looked at him instead, adoring his slender body and long legs "You fell from grace Cas, everyone in heaven did, somehow our memories were erased. And somehow.. We were given a second chance? Even I'm not so sure- gah".
“How did you find this place?” Dean yawned as he managed to pick himself up from the ground
“Dean?” Castiel asks in his gentle tone again and shifts in place anxiously, he wasn’t sure if Dean was actually mad at him or not-the thought scared him a bit and he just wanted to confront the issue directly-if only Dean would turn and look at him!
That's it.
The flask was navy blue in color and on the top of the lid there were black curves which formed into two wings; Castiel handed both of these items to Dean and he looked at them questioningly “Take the damn medicine for your fever, we still have a lot to cover tomorrow and I do not intend on carrying you” Castiel articulated as he shoved the two things into Dean’s lap. Dean was annoyed by the fact that he was treating him so lightly but his head and stomach were too full from the meal for him to give a damn at this point.
Sam starts the ignition and swerves the car out of parking, you look up through the window and see the freshly trimmed grass aluminate from the morning dew, children are playing and slipping while the groundskeeper yells at them from a bench he refused to leave. More people leave the bakery with the same brown bags, a multiplicity of scents invade your atmosphere, chocolates, creams, strawberries and vanilla are the most dominant ones.
Castiel’s eyes melt and reflect a sadness in them-Dean wanted nothing more than to kiss it away and maybe even punch himself in the gut for making him feel that way-
He didn’t want to think it but he could feel him, his steps dulled out by Plant’s bustling music and moans, all very good by the way “I thought you weren’t supposed to use your powers” he raises an eyebrow and turns around slowly, his eyes warm and inviting the moment he looked at him. Castiel walks slowly but his eyes are tired with his hands buried in his pockets- but a small smile on his dry lips.
Castiel feels strained as he pulls away and breathes, his head twisted to the side avoiding Dean’s eyes completely. Dean breathes at the same rate and watches him in a defeated way “Did I…did I ruin everything?” Castiel gasps as he turns his neck and meets his gaze again.
“No, not at all-but I’m beginning to think how…useful I would be if that were the case”
“No they won’t, they’ll be willing to believe it-not like it’s the first time I’ve died”
“We were solving a case regarding a few kidnappings in the area; our research led us to what we assumed would be a Wendigo’s hunting ground; and you’re...not, so to speak” Sam’s demeanor changed so drastically, his hunter voice emanated in the room as he stared the creature dead in the eye, showing no sign of fear or hesitation, your heart beamed with pride and it gave you the push to stand tall alongside him.
“No, but I like being needed. I like having some purpose and drive, like you and Sam”
But what happened?
“I don’t know if I want to”
“You can speak?” Sam responds, his eyes watery but his voice compact even if the hands that grasp onto his bag speak differently “We only wish to talk” he adjusts the lump in his throat and casually slides the bag to his right, waving his hands as a sign of surrender, but you knew oh too well that he had something planned.
"Settle down boys, you'll do better next time".
“Yeah, now isn’t a good time”
. Dean places his back slowly and you don’t hesitate to place your head on his shoulder- he’s surprised at your sudden clinginess but he watches you with the strangest look in his eyes- of ease and contentment. He wraps his arm around you again and you only welcome it even more as you steady your breathing with him.
“I wonder if we’ll get a bite of him this time”
“This… this is-“
We fade out.
Sam kept questioning himself again and again. He couldn’t understand why he did that, they didn’t even have a grenade launcher with them, why the hell did he...?
He feels an abrupt tug on his shirt and the next thing he knows he’s lying flat on his back, a cheeky grin upon the lips of the man who’s trapped him between his arms “Oh, is that a complaint?” Dean’s playful tone and lips draw themselves closer to a ridiculously beaming Cas “I can think of a number of ways to entertain you if you are so
“I miss them”
“CAS YOU CAN’T DO THIS! WHATEVER IT IS WE NEED TO WORK ON IT TOGETHER!”
They turn to another page
“Yeah I guess we need to explain… that to him too” Dean muses as he finger guns towards them- a gesture Sam noticed instantly-he didn’t even try hiding the cringe from his face.
You look into his gentle gaze; his lashes flicker as he continues to look at and away from you from time to time, just like he’s always done- just like you’ve always remembered him do.
“Something feels off on the inside. All the time really…I have made mistakes and I’m…not proud of it. Whether it was fighting for heaven or for the Winchesters-I don’t think I ever found myself in either place. And now I’m here. Alone. With a cat named after a person I can’t let go of. Maybe I have to fix my ways, discover a new purpose beyond saving those two” and on and on he went with his monologue, his tongue getting tired by the sound of his own voice “…and yet I still talk to you, cat. What is wrong with me?” he rubs his hand over his face and treks along the road quietly-he lets the sad song continue on the radio even if it was bumming him out.
Sam laughs as he watches Dean flinch by the cold texture; he’s sitting on the hood of the car and reading his book “Whatcha readin?” Dean watches him curiously as he places both his hands on the ground beside him.
“Our chance?” Dean breaks his silence as he speeds up; Sam looks at the acceleration with caution “Why are you so hell bent on saving our asses? What are you trying to hide from us?”
Castiel gets up with his furrowed brow and a satisfied grin, the information he received was doable for now.
"Eh..." Dean mopes as he kept switching through the channels and was continuously greeted by the same unsatisfying sound "Never imagined a day where I wouldn't have any music on when I drove.... Just what my already excessive PTSD needed..." Castiel looks at him and rubs his teeth against one another until his mouth felt tingly
This place was oddly beautiful, a vast, unknown garden where you could lay and never be seen again. Maybe you’ll do just that after this day is over.
“Woah I am not leaving you here with this guy”
‘What is that message, Cas?”  Sam’s narrow eyes are locked onto Castiel, he struggles to find the strength to say any further as he kept exchanging glances with Dean-who is watching him unnervingly- what was happening?
“Cas? Did you hear me?”
“No, but we do have one thing that does”
But that's all he's felt with him, familiar.
"I'm sorry, but I don't remember you"
“Damn it turn that stuff off, I’m trying to put these boxes down without losing my temper” a man in his 40’s grunts as he places a crate full of glass bottles on the ground, rubbing his back and moustache as he’s finished
Castiel rubs off his pained expression as he takes his arm back defensively. His helper just shakes his head as he walks towards the other end of the room "Might as well, Dean is this way, maybe he can do the honor of explaining what happened, you won't try to attack him I presume?" He chuckles slightly
, another word added to Castiel’s list.
What was it?
“He’s told me everything, actually” Sam speaks after swallowing a spoonful of peas
“I think I see the gift shop up there” Crowley shields his eyes as his nervous chuckle lingers in the wind- Sam closes in on you and Castiel and lightly pokes you from the side “Now I’m asking again- are we really sure about this?” he whispers in your ear as you try to calm yourself by steadying your breaths- you hate to admit it but you were kind of excited too.
“Not this guy, Castiel. The weapons he had- I only caught a glimpse of one but he was definitely skilled enough or at least smart enough to know what he was doing. I feel like he’d be a good addition to the group and that’s why I asked”
“Shut it”
“Let’s go” Castiel places his hands on the double doors and pushes forward
Castiel swallows hard as his eyes shift between Dean and the tape, it felt so easy to break within his  hands and it terrified him even more to even think about it “You…you couldn’t possibly mean that. You kept it? All this time and you…still kept it?”
Their skulls all derive from the same animal, but each had it’s unique factors- one had scars above its temple and crossed over it’s left eye socket, a few broken teeth and holes near the cheek bone, the black smoke seeped out from it. The other had more scratches over it’s head- but a broken jaw that maladjusted with its movements, it would always go the other direction as it moved to and fro.
“Yeah, well. It was worth a shot I suppose… So I guess I’ll be going...”
They slam inwards, the cold air swallowing them instantly. The domed room bleeds from the ceiling, the roots swaying and cooing as they descended like treacherous vines. The windows are covered by the same black mass, it's seething like quality spreading the more they looked.
But he couldn’t. How could he say all of this to someone he’ll lose all over again?
“Now the question is, what? Are you saying he’s being possessed by the thing?” Bobby intervenes as he gives his book to Dean, who scowls as he puts it aside with the others.
out- there... I...". Dean closed his eyes as he breathes into his clammy hands, he felt so irresponsible and mentally exhausted from repeating himself over and over again. Sam remained silent as he clenched his fists in the torn pockets of his dirty jacket, his long brown locks hid half of his face as he bit his lip and gulped unconsciously.
here! It's been years since the world became like that, okay? It shouldn't be anything new to you! You know the risks out there, its kill or be killed Sam! No one will let you live and you just... Pranced! Literally
Dean rubs his forehead under Cas’ chin and mewls gently-the sound soothes him as he lay his head on Dean’s pillow and lies in a fetal position-he fights the urge to sleep-why was he so sleepy?
“I can’t do anything now, can I?” Cas turns slightly but he still can’t see his face, couldn’t he take the subtle hint in his voice? He wanted to see those familiar green hues break away every doubt he ever had-just wipe his head clean and only let those colors seep into every quaking pore-the thought alone made everything buzz inside him.
"What if... Just what if, all of this. Me meeting you, getting Dean's amulet back, having these nightmares and being called MOOSE by you was NOT a coincidence? What if all of this was bound to happen because..."
“Its okay, Dean” Sam laces his arms around my shoulders and across my chest, he stalls any form of movement and I feel paralyzed “Just take a deep breath”
"Why have you come to me to ramble like some love struck teenager? Is there really no one else who can help you with your problem?" He winces internally as he felt the sour words escape from his mouth.
-with trash like me. Why do I keep doing this over and over again?
"CAS"
“Cas…” Dean closes his eyes and presses onto his warm shoulder-milliseconds later he’s twisting its insides all over again, maybe with a lot more force.
“Well shockingly just two days, I guess it must’ve been some deep sleep you boys needed- especially after what happened”
I slip and feel the cold ground pull me in as I fall, the cowering trees subside and bring me to a path that breaks away from everything, no more land and no more stones, no more unknown humming from the night sky and its inhabitants ready to swallow me whole. My eyes waver at first but see a fence as I place my hands on it to pull myself up, the cold metal sticking to my skin completely. There’s a road that cuts through this forest, pristine and clean from the leaves that shake profusely, a spotlight bleeds onto my head and warms the muscles that ache-just like…
And he lays
“No. Just sleep” Dean talks groggily into Cas’ shirt and pulls him away from reaching his object of desire. Cas laughs but still manages to grab it by its dangly end, he beams at his success and rubs the back of his head into Dean’s forehead “I don’t sleep. I want to pass the time somehow Dean”
A medium built woman in plaid and a dirty jacket comes over to him with half a bottle of scotch swaying about in a rectangular glass bottle. Crowley extends his hand, all gloved and ready with a metal mug jolting in his fingers.
"All of em"
“What have I done?”
Dean sensed his hostility and knew he couldn’t keep up with his antics any longer “Okay so clearly, this isn't working. Is it about what I said?” he shut his eyes tightly as he leaned against the wooden dresser, finally giving Cas some breathing space.
Castiel fiddles with his little red box, turning and switching from every music station until he finally managed to settle on one. Dean’s arm is still laced around him and he tried his best not to move much within his grasp, he knows too well how reactive he could be when brought out of his sleep. He lets the slow song strum away as he places it upright on the bedside table-he sighs and places his own arm on Dean’s, his touch gentle and light upon his bare arms.
. And that’s what caused this rift in the first place. This never ending guilt, lack of trust, sometimes even hate…I regret all of it. I tried drowning every bit of you in liquor and…nothing ever seemed enough. But this? You holding me this way? It’s done much more than anything else ever had. I was just too stubborn and stupid to see that and I wish…I wish I could’ve said it to you when I wasn’t too busy being my father and a brother for Sam…I wish I didn’t keep you tethered this way and then push you away even when I didn’t want you to
“Cas, I never asked you for any of this, I never asked you to mourn me, to depend…” Dean moves in closer as he holds him by his shoulders, so stiff and lifeless they felt in his trembling hands
“Where are we even supposed to start with this?” Sam flips his hair and struggles to assemble the sheets of paper spread out “I don’t know what we could do with this…riddle?” he breathes, Castiel helps him out with his task too.
He pulls him in
Our profound bond will never break.
"I can't believe you've forgotten what you said to me" I whispered to myself, making sure I was loud enough for him to hear.
Oh God.
"I... I don't remember any of this. I'm still somehow confused how we're still alive in the first place. The monsters, they... I don't know really, how have they not attacked us if we've been here for almost a day?"
Dean’s playfulness dimmed down a bit when he mentioned his name, but there was this strange eagerness that lingered beneath the surface “So come on, let’s go in and check it out, we’ll get the angel and leave”
“Jeez, okay no more flirtatious remarks. I got the message” Crowley quickens his pace and stands beside Sam while you linger still, a confused expression on your face. Castiel softens his gaze and walks towards you quickly- panicked, you wave your hands around defensively. But Castiel only grabs onto one of your hands and pulls you along with him, his fingers placid and warm in your own as he does so.
“That’s the point! You have to be near the thing and it’ll respond or something! That’s why I’m saying we should ask Crowley wha-“
“It’s for your own protection- I’ll lure it away from you before it knows you’re here”
Castiel yelped as he tried to play the suave bad ass character in this scene. "I presume you're the one Balthazar spoke of?" The visitor questioned as his gaze shifted from the table to Castiel instantly. Unfortunately Castiel's reaction after the name 'Balthazar' gave away his identity.
Innocence - Nathan Wagner
“You’re enough”
“Heh, no kidding” You glance at the bed and the straps hanging from its side, fiddling with the dead machinery with your free hand “Do you see a way to get out of here? There must be some staircase that leads us back up” your eyes wander the room; your icy breathes invading the air the more you move around. Dean is panting slowly with his back against a wall- his hand gripping onto his gun; he only turns his head to and fro as his eyes wander the room “Dean…”
Was he trying to convince me somehow? I chose to ignore his face, but he kept on bringing his own face closer. I surrendered and looked up and saw him make a questioning nod. As if he was asking for my permission, as if he was asking if it was okay. I was shocked by his perseverance, and looking at him made me hurtful. Before I realized it we were staring at each other once again. Accepting defeat, I simply nodded. Dean's smile brightened the whole clouded atmosphere between us, I felt that he knew what was going on with me, and that terrified me. Did he know who I was? Did I know who he was?
And that’s when he saw it.
“Don’t go” Castiel whispers in a somber tone
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam holds me and buries his face in my right shoulder, his fingers tremble from my constant garble and tears.
“So what? You want to trade me in for your brother’s sake? Is that it?”
Dean took a few steps inside the river until he was submerged completely, Castiel stood behind the tree concerned whether it was a conscious act on his part, even so he didn't move. He had a vague feeling that Dean knew how to swim.
I hid behind a nearby tree and placed my back against its rock hard wrinkled skin. I took a deep breath and muttered insults while I stood. He was taking so damn long. I needed to know how his exam went, hell I didn't even care about the exam I just wanted to see him.
It had been a week since the incident occurred between Dean and I, my mind was already faltering in my current state. I poured myself another cup of coffee, visually it looked as if it was brewed moments ago, but it had been cold for quite some time now. My clumsy yet buzzed body dragged itself to the nest, or foxhole you might say. The afternoon glimmer was slowly fading away making my room look even more miserable, I sighed and crept up to my bedding and sheets. Taking a sip I place the cup on my nightstand and curl up into my blanket, covering myself from my head to my toes. Hot breaths were accumulating within it, and I felt nothing but peace inside it.
“…Hallucinations, stole children, take human form…” Sam adds with a confused grimace
“…but I still…I’m still standing here,
“Did… you… see… a...fucking...
Twist
"Damn it Cas, COME BACK"
“I…” He avoids eye contact as he dug his fingernails into Dean’s plump and fleshy body
“Cas, we have to keep moving- we can’t stay out here in the open and let ourselves be known- the spirit already-” Sam grabs Castiel by his shoulders roughly, his tone fast and raggedy as he spoke to him. As if like clockwork, the moment Sam spoke his last word and loosened his grip on Cas the building started to shake the same way it did before- the cracks started to emerge from every corner of the wall and none of you could find the strength to stand- something was crawling through the cracks- something dark and alive.
” Castiel mumbles as he waits for something unknown-his fingers sway in the air for a while until he makes a final gesture
He scrunches his nose at the thought and places the radio on the top shelf. He’ll organize these books and miscellaneous, it would calm him down somehow, it usually always does. He starts pulling the massive things out and towers them over each other by category and topic, some even by authors and thickness.
“I’ll come home, you know I always do”
The wall breaks open with a small puff of smoke in their faces- the both of you try to hold back but the intensity of it all took over- the two of you cough in unison until the dust subsides, the tears streaming on your face a lot more than Dean’s. You pull him back as a heavy sound breaks into the wind and the door opens outwards but stops mid-way- you look at Dean and place your hands in the opening and start pulling- the heaviness excessive even for you. You grunt from the load but start making progress gradually; at least you thought you did, until  a presence behind you makes you turn, two hands sliding into the opening and two playful pools looking back at you with a grin.
“- Because you chose to leave everything behind Dean! Never addressing how you felt and never having the heart to hear anyone else’s doubt because you were too afraid- afraid of being paralyzed by your own demons in your own head- If you feel that way can you imagine how everyone else feels? How Cas felt when he came to realize he was the one who caused all of this?”
“Ye-yes… I saw it. One of those… things” she replied after taking a few long breaths. Luther came towards her and placed his hand on her shoulder first and pulled her face up from her chin “Are you sure your eyes didn’t deceive you Hailey?” he spoke with no emotion in his tone.
“WE HAVE TO RISK IT” Castiel screams and grabs your hand, his grip excessive in all of the panic. He pulls you towards the wooden staircase and runs upward; making sure neither of you touched the hand railing unconsciously. The massive windows break as we cross it with glass fragments scratching upon our hands and cheeks- but we couldn’t even feel the small cuts with the entire world coming down around us. We run in yet another white tiled hall with rooms multiplying on each side, Castiel runs ahead of you and turns his head in multiple directions- as if caught on a scent “IN HERE” He screams as he slides towards a rosewood door and pushes inwards- his brute strength breaking the lock completely. You rush in but still contemplate over his plan, if this even counted as one “How the hell are we safe here? You broke the damn lock!” You scream behind him as he pants heavily towards the door while an unknown object slides into his hand. Your eyes wander over his procured blade and the thin strip of crimson streaming from his palm, he looks at you with heavy eyes and turns back towards the door, his fingers dripping with his blood. He draws in a circular motion and begins scribbling further, another marking?
The both of them stay silent for a while. Dean sits in his seat half awake and watches the rain pound on the windshield- he can barely see through the watery pools but he still stares, his gaze shifting from the empty seat beside him from time to time. It felt so goddamn lonely out here and he knew better than to roam around and get plastered, let alone pick up anyone he fancied just to bail on them the last minute. He knew that but even then-
"WHY?" I say as my face is inches away from his "why didn't you tell me? Why did you pause and not tell me it was you?". Dean kept staring at me as his face became red.
“About what?” Castiel wanders over his question with a strange innocence lurking in his tone “You know
Castiel squints and feels the strain in their relationship the longer Dean's eyes burned into his skin. His hands reach his forehead and he starts pressing onto his dry skin. He tried to understand but he what he just couldn't remember
Castiel places his warm hand on Dean's, his glowing green eyes turn towards him and he could see him build his walls once more, just like they always did
She stared at him and gave no reply as she shook.
Dean gives up his restraint demeanor and lays his weapons and cloth down, he opens the velcro tape on the glove's elastic back with his mouth and towers one over the other on the side of his desk- he then turns around with the chair and places himself on its back post almost tyrannically. He tried his best with his arduous attitude- pout and all- but Bobby knew he would be able to crack some sense into him soon enough.
"He said that you'd be able to help me" he continued even as Castiel kept walking away, he could hear footsteps behind him but he refused to look back. He kept marching towards his sanctuary and picked up the pace to avoid this encounter.
I turn to my right and watch the dark sky now change color, a myriad of shades that calmed me the longer I stared-this wasn’t the sky he remembered all those years ago and it brought him joy to know that it worked-
Several seconds pass and he doesn’t initiate anything and Dean being a pain in the ass persists, but this time enunciating near his right ear.
“That’s not even what I asked, Damn it Cas you really have the nerve to talk to me like that, especially after everything”
“Well, I did have my assistant”
“See? You know but you’re still…so hell bent on….ending it all”
“Don’t you dare say that to me, don’t you fucking dare”
Castiel tastes his salty tears and remorse upon his lips the more he deepens the kiss-it was euphoric and almost like a healing process for them-they’re driven mad by the taste and they feel like they’ll never get used to the newness of it all but they know too well-this wasn’t new. It’s been there, it’s always been there between them, this feeling that feels so light and so daunting at the same time.
A voice calls out to him from his left; it took them a few calls to actually get his attention, to which a confused Castiel finally responds “I’m sorry?”
"It's just a gut feeling I suppose...but Dean always told me to trust my instinct and what I'm feeling right now is fear. So please... I just can't give up on him. Not again". Crowley watches his heaving form on the floor of his once peaceful abode, he feels the clock mocking him from behind, why is he hesitating so much?
"That's cuz I knew you would remember." He smirks, damn it he was such a liar. From my expressions he knew what i was thinking, and on that he laughed.
How festive.
“You can tell them something else. Something…more permanent”
“Um, sleeping?”
He feels him sob against his shoulder and Dean pulls him away gently to look at him, their heads lay on his pillow but they were comfortable even in the lack of it. Dean rubs away Cas’ tear and continues the motion even when it was gone, he felt that it soothed him somehow “Talk to me. Don’t keep me in the dark”
Dean twists his head adamantly, his brows furrowed and his stares heavy “A big creepy thing with grabby claw like hands trying to kidnap people in the woods? It all points to a wendigo to me” his hand is firm on his silver blade that’s casually placed on his left shoulder, clearly he’s used it multiple times in his hunts.
They carried on.
"Hmm. Intriguing"
My Love to you all.
“I knew we had to hide somewhere low key, so I ended up searching for small houses in an area where apartments were the ideal place to live in.”
“Do. You. Have. A. Place. To. Stay?”
"I got it from the child's section-there isn't much room for preference when it's the apocalypse"
“…Yes, and a whole lot else”
But then he does something unexpected.
“To think he’s a walking time bomb, how has he not told us anything?” Crowley questions Sam with his furrowed brow and his itchy scruffy beard.
And only him.
“Hey after everything I think we need this now more than ever. I’m just being careful that’s all”
yourself over here and act as if nothing has happened. Are you seriously going to avoid talking about it?” Dean stumbles over his feet as he runs after Castiel- who for some reason refuses to slow down.
“SAM! GRAB THEM!”
“And honestly, what are we to each other?”
“I’m sorry you had to go through that, I bet you had to take care of all of our asses after that, you still got it in you old man”
That voice, Why did it make my heart race? I was never aware of such emotions that existed within me.
You know what? He doesn’t feel that bad anymore.
“Yikes, you really were powerful enough to make everyone forget about you huh?” Dean speaks under his breath; clearly trying to be unsubtle with his words. You turn towards him and try to find the words yourself but you only swallow uncomfortably as he glares at you- he senses your hesitation and turns away, his grip tightening around the wheel.
"All... Alright?"
Okay so I've come to realize how badly written my Fanfic is lmaooooo. So many errors and such a bad writing style! I'll definitely keep making corrections here and there throughout, so I hope all of you still like it- those who've stuck around basically.
I looked at her with a confused look in my eyes, but my heart already knew the answer.
Sam turns around a path near some sun dried trees, their roots were so thick that they were able to emerge from and go back into solid ground, like the back of a whale before its immersed itself in the depths once more.
"Caaaaasssss! Enough fucking around we need to leave this place now-I need you to come out now,
“Hey? Have you gotten your stuff yet? All your blades and what not?” he questions as he balances the strap of his duffle bag, the green even more close than anticipated.
“You know that isn’t what-”
It was 10 o'clock, and a small town like this never had anything going about at this time, everyone was comfortable in their homes while I was running around trying to find the correct address of the man I had long forgotten. I was never this hyped up about anything in the world; my body couldn't contain itself and it just wanted to be free.
Ben Platt - Grow as we go
Several minutes pass until Dean releases the truck and they move once more, he hears him mumble a "Can't be too careful" and he feels the weight of his words. Castiel looks outside and lets his eyes wander over the scene. This will just be another image in his mind-just like any other face he'll forget. He doesn't want to remember anymore. Not this, not any of this.
Crowley rolled his eyes and mimicked his tone “I have no bloody clue, you ass. Like I said, I can't remember”.
Dean looks up at Bobby and nods with a musing pout on his face- Bobby looks at Sam and just chuckles exasperatedly- it somehow felt like old times again, even if were for a moment.
They run towards them, Dean eyeing Crowley questioningly to which he nods affirmatively in response, letting the both of them know he’s alright. Dean stands in front of Castiel again and cradles his face, slapping his cheeks for a response “Cas? Cas! We need to move now! I think its buddies finally found us” he watches Sam and Crowley and tells them to start without him but as he pulls on Castiel’s hand he finds himself stuck-Dean’s eyes narrow at the obscurity and he calls out to him again “Cas didn’t you hear me? We have to move NOW” he screams as he gives up on pulling and starts shaking him from his shoulders, why is he?-
“I’m as fine as any person can be. Wh-What do you want me to say, huh?”
“You should know the answer to that too, since you know everything else” he’s bitter with his words- the annoyance seeping from his lips as he rubs his temples again, his wings a distant mirage in your eyes.
“You know that never works, it never did”
“It isn’t…” Castiel clenches his fists upon his knees as he bites his lips slowly “…it isn’t like that. I’m not unaffected or pretending I’m just… I just want to talk to you, that’s all” his words come out as a whisper. The gentility in his voice was loud in Dean’s ears and still as warm and fragile as he remembered- he felt it crumble inside of him all over again, his faint breathing so human and numbing that he found it hard to believe that he was anything
Dean positioned himself on the ground and gave Castiel a nod of his head along with a small “come on”. Castiel power walked towards him and steadily placed his foot in his hands, the next moment he realized he was reaching out towards the van’s roof and his moment of flight had soon faded away. He crawled onto the top of the car and breathed a sigh of relief, even though the amount of energy he used was close to a minimum.
“Alright”
“No Dean. It’s been a month…”
I'm sorry
Crowley managed to get supplies and transport in four days time, he said that he'd look for the best way possible to reach the Edge in record time, three days max. Sam was actually pleased to hear that the time frame wasn't as excessive as he feared but even he knew things could get out of hand pretty easily. As the days drew near his dreams started to feel longer and even more demented in his head and his guilt was driving him insane.
Dean’s head banged against Castiel’s chest and he shouted “Ow!” in a comical way, Dean started rubbing his head with his free hand while the other helped him get up. He chuckled through his pain and hovered over Castiel; who rubbed his chest similarly and smiled like the hero he was. But as they laughed nervously they realized how close they were to one another, Dean continued to stare at Castiel from his position above him and he remained stiff without even flinching; Dean was breathing slowly with his mouth closed and his eyelashes bounced as he kept blinking unnecessarily, Castiel couldn’t understand what was happening but in all honesty he was actually intrigued by the strange connection the two of them shared in this moment, he was actually curious of what might happen next.
But one thing that does make me wonder is that, what is my purpose here? Where did I come from? Where do I belong? Do I even exist anymore? Why couldn't I remember what had happened to me after the fall.
"Does this mean anything?" Cas speaks casually before he turns towards Dean.
“There’s nothing Cas! We literally got
Crowley watches him, slightly drunk as his uncertainty lingered with Sam’s wavering words “You… you actually believe me, don’t you?”
Castiel couldn't help but close his eyes at the gesture- he felt...embarrassed? But he also wanted to scream by the bubbling sensation in his heart.
“Haha, I’ll take that as a yes. You’re going to be okay-we’ll be okay. Somehow” Castiel rubs his nose with his own and holds him casually. He tilts his head and stares at the sky again, the constriction slowly fading away as he closes his eyes and reminds himself to breathe.
"But the earthquake-how were you able to?"
. I’ll take what I need and I’ll be out of your way. That’s all I ask of you”
How hard could that be?
He walked towards his own bag and took out another one of his t shirts, a pale blue jacket and his somewhat comfortable jeans; he still wished that he had an extra pair of shoes though.
“Oh I do have a plan and it involves using angel bait, we know he’s more than capable of handling them- hell he managed to make
"It cuts off from here..." Castiel distances himself as he felt haunted by Sam's words but it was Dean's reaction that he feared the most, especially because he was silent this whole time. Dean gulps hard and slides his fingers to another page and sees if he's missed any entries ahead. Instead he found pages filled with scribbles and messy drawings, Dean's twitching was very apparent and Castiel was somehow afraid of what might happen next. He looks over his shoulder again and sees the drawings himself, feeling his intestines twist and turn as he kept glaring at the images. At the beginning the drawings were simplistic, just swirls and symbols but then they became more clear, faces appeared in the form of goat skulls and long shadowy claws, figures stretched and filled to the brim.
was setting him off the edge- but at the same time he feels a melancholic ache in his chest, his hands, almost all over his freckled arms and bruises, no matter how much he tried he always felt him- anywhere and everywhere- it was intoxicating him- his essence, his eyes, his wavering smile- all of it, he just found it so hard to bear. He couldn’t stand it, all of this- this confrontation- this strange gape in his abdomen, as if bleeding from the inside- breathing in the blood and the pieces that die within him.
“I’m afraid…I’m…” Castiel holds his stare and watches Dean shake his head, their foreheads still rubbing against their old skin “Are you sure you want this?”
“We had a bucket list?”
Music? Car rides with Sammy.
“Dean, what the hell? You didn’t need to take the guy’s jacket” Sam whispers, the embarrassment seeping out from his tone.
“The little Winchester wanted to track you down. Since you went off grid he wanted to trace you another way. You put that head of yours to good use-I’ll give you that Cassie” he laughs and makes faces at Dean whose claws are digging into Castiel’s leg “No digital footprints, no cosmic leftovers no nothing-just plain old fashioned stalking”
“There was a horde Sam, how the hell could we have fended them off with one bloody gun? You know I had to come up with something at the time”
“C’mon Cas, you think I want you here because of how useful you are?”
I nodded my head and he laughed. His laughter invaded my ears and it never went away. The sun was setting behind us, a dim color of orange and yellow started to merge with the clear blue sky, there was nothing that could separate us. And there was nothing that could make me leave him again.
But even then, you continue to read
, another word that made it into Castiel’s list.
“And we know that! But times are hard for everyone Castiel; you’re not the only one with problems anymore because frankly we’re all a little bit fucked in the head after everything that’s happened”
You don't remember, do you?
“Dean- something is up with him. The blast that Crowley mentioned- what if….what if Cas was trying to fix something but his powers ended up becoming…corrupted by the things we’re after? None of them survived it- and we know Cas’ grace wasn’t strong enough to do all of this. Not alone”
I start to blush at his comment, completely unaware of the fact that I was so close to him. This was embarrassing.
Forgive me for taking so long with this, stupid studies came in the way and hence I lost track of everything. I hope I haven't disappointed you yet, the finale is almost here! Until the next chapter! (Which will be updated very soon!!) Love you readers ❤
The diner’s red roof panel glowed in the full grey sun, it wasn’t even red anymore but somehow it’s rusty color made him think of it that way, beige brick walls and glass sliding doors all dust and cobweb infested, it was disappointing to see it end up this way. He marches on and reaches the glass doors and slips his hands in between them and starts to push them sideways. The rust and the screeches didn’t make it easier for him but he still held on and persevered – the gap getting wider and wider the more he did. After the desired opening he stopped and dusted his hands off on his jeans and blinked with zeal, the darkness inviting him in.
“You left Sam, you left for months. Your dumb ass thought it was wise to go on a hunting trip to save the world with a DEMON- who is WHERE exactly? - and you thought you can go off on your own trying to kill this thing?” Dean almost spits the words out with anger, but he knows he couldn’t keep it up for long.
Dean clenches his fists upon his knees, the nails digging deep into his dull blue jeans and the shakiness of the legs that emerged soon after- Bobby notices the tolerance in his eyes and how much he’s struggling to keep it intact.
Dean groaned.
“Cas’ grace, no matter how much it was he managed to do something to them. Something happened back there and even now he continues to avoid telling us. What if?... What if something happened when he used his powers?”
“It tired me out but…”
Castiel places his hand in front of you and pushes you behind him-strangely so.
could give up when I was fighting the urge to do the very same? You think I never wanted to run away and abandon everyone that was a pain in my ass? I wanted to, Cas…but I always thought that was selfish of me and that I should be ashamed of myself for even thinking that….”
“You may think that I was unconscious and honestly I was through most of it...but I heard the screams Dean. The least you can do is tell me if there is a threat, so that I can prepare myself when the time comes. Which is hopefully never” Castiel spoke squeamishly and waited for his response.
or even
“I’m hurt, I need a medic before I end up bleeding out… please…” Dean pleaded.
Castiel gave off a silent chuckle and they both started walking at the same pace as he gave his answer “The Edge, if I’m being honest I’m not a 100% sure about that place at all. Several theories suggest that it’s the place where our memories are born; others say that it’s where our old memories are buried. And many, even beyond these theories there were certain claims that it’s just a place where realities merge and there’s nothing but darkness.” Dean kept listening intently as Castiel wandered off with his words “But so many of those alleged claims are from false sources, from people who’ve never even set foot there. So there’s really nothing I can say about what’s true or not”
“Where’s that giant that comes complimentary with this meal?”
“Yeah Cas in a minute. I actually…I want to show you something” Dean is shuffling inside his drawer and pushing away objects Cas couldn’t see “You can keep talking-I’m listening”
“We’ve got all the time for that, but right now we-”
He sees his dusty round face call out to him, his hand holds his abdomen while the other pointed to something in front of Sam, his eyes grew massive as he continued to scream-but why did it seem so quiet in his ears?
"...Yes. Unfortunately"
His eyes gleam over the drowning merigold sun and the cantaloupe skies that greet it, Dean is inundated with grief and an oh too familiar emotion of pain; it breezes over him like the poppy winds lingering in his lungs.
"Sam is overall fine, slightly underweight I'll admit but...I don't really know what this is. I've dealt with unconscious people before but...this is just something that's out of my hands. I wish Dean and I could say something more but-"
all of it is…I…”
The shadows lunge towards him with full force, gratifying themselves by the pain he refuses to elicit; they emanate ludicrous snickers and sneer around him with their extended claws and unshakeable grins, they’re enjoying every carved piece of him, his lips moist by the crimson that seeps out. They stare at Castiel with a broken gaze, Dean still scuffles in Sam’s arms and even tries to shake him off with his wounded leg, but to no avail- the three of them wear the same face of defeat and only Dean was the one still fighting back.
It has been several years since I came to this world, everything that used to amaze me before was now just a distant memory locked away in my brain. I've had much more experience and adventures than any of these individuals who stood before me, but alas I couldn't remember any of them, I never knew them, and they never knew me, and I preferred it that way.
He smiles and walks away closing the lights and door behind him. He shuffles towards his own room and prepares a bag for the thing he intended on doing before he started snooping. He pulls off the jangling car keys and pulls a jacket over his red plaid and faded jeans. He takes one last glance before he steps towards the war room and calls Dean-it goes straight to voice mail.
“Why are humans capable of making everyone else so sad Dean? Feelings are always so…intimidating. We really don’t have the answer to everything…sadly I wish we did” he sighs as he sees the blurry building get closer, Dean’s little head also pops out and wiggles his nose at the scent in the air “Heh. Of course you react to food more positively than with people. It scares me how much you act like him” Castiel laughs as he breathes with ease and adjusts the strap, he fiddles around with the cash in his pocket-it was enough for one or two meals for the both of them, if dealt with correctly he could afford a bus ticket too.
“That’s not true”
Saying nothing at all.
“Yeah but they’ll be here soon, they just got caught up I bet, you never know what’s out there you know”
His attire
“You actually managed to find something? Bobby you son of a bitch you” Dean smiles as his tired eyes gloss over the pages and continues flipping them, Sam picks up the smaller note books and starts fiddling through them as well.
Where am I?
“I know I don’t owe you shit boy, but- I just”
Luckily they ended up scavenging a lot of random items, cutlery, silver, a small abandoned church also had some useful items and they scrubbed those places clean. Who needs God, right?
“I know you don’t, boy. But listen to me when I say this- they aren’t easy people- they’ve seen how the world is and they decided to take it-regardless of how much of their humanity is lost from it. I just want you to know that if you even plan on getting out,
“Never!” he laughs as he wraps his arm around her and tickles her slightly-Cas smiles awkwardly watching them and then averts his gaze towards his little friend who’s kneading his scruffy chin.
Even with all of this he felt clueless, could it even bleed? It could be un-killable for all he knows.
“I’m kinda exhausted Dean, I think I’ll wait this one out, my head’s been killing me for a while now. You both go on ahead if-”
“Is it? Has it ever been, Dean?”
Sam's foot paused mid air as he was about to kick a rather heavy looking stone, he turns around and looks at his brother’s hands and watched where they pointed, he started walking towards it without any hesitation.
Sam breathed quietly.
Castiel is riding shotgun now; he holds his tired face in his hands as his eyes are lazily fixated on the road ahead; needless to say you could see how distracted he is. You look through the rearview mirror and watch Crowley and Sam fiddle around with the sheets of paper lying about- Sam assembles them in his corner while Crowley holds onto a few for himself- it seems like he’s doodling on one of them.
"I remember fragments, o-only partly. This is ridiculous and unlikely, I don't need this right now..."
The wind strums away their sordid thoughts, everything is as it should be.
He blinks again as he holds back a cough- but he couldn’t contain it- especially after he caught sight of it.
“Maybe it’s all those things you inhale that’s making you feel that way?”
“Then why the hell did you follow me down here?”
Think once more Castiel, he stood by you all that time. He had no faith in his God or any other, but he always had faith in you.
I hope you enjoy reading it
Sam opens the door and clutches onto the door knob loosely-his mouth agape and at a loss for words.
Castiel feels something inside his chest constrict, he doesn’t know how to ease it so he just runs his hand across it slowly-it did nothing. Crowley notices the gesture from the corner of his eye but looks away, clearly waiting for Castiel to speak a little more.
“Maybe you can come back here when all of this is fixed. And maybe-
It grips onto your abdomen tightly- its nail circling your chest- which heaves away at an uneasy pace- You feared for something more painful- if that were even possible- you tried to blink your emotions away, hoping that whatever ounce of strength you had left was enough to end things. If only you could reverse everything
There was a vortex forming at the cliff’s edge, you shielded yourself from the sand and pebbles slamming into you- almost causing you to lose your balance. Your trench coat blew tremendously and you took it as an opportunity to unsheathe your blade once more, this time with more ferocity. The vortex melted and began parting from it’s core, black disembodied forms started to emerge in midair- a few streaks of limbs and boneless anatomies brood over you, almost 5 feet high than yourself. Then came the lifeless skulls- they poured out of the oozing black that acted as a neck and stretched out menacingly, it didn’t take you long to recognize the one in the middle while the other forms lurked and observed, almost childishly.
They share a look of contempt and look out towards the hallway- which seemed a lot more ominous, just wistfully glaring at their souls. It was eerie to say the least.
It opens up to a massive room with two alder staircases stretching upwards- the white tiles on the floor covered in unknown stains and an abandoned reception desk remained. The stairs spiraled upwards to what felt like the heavens above- the glass ceiling adding a nice touch to the flare of it all. Just on and on they stretched- but what lied beyond that glass is what caught your eye.
He darts towards the other end of the room, his arms spread ahead of him as his leap lands with a loud thud, but he manages to roll over and be on his feet once more- making sure he’s conjured up his weapon as he did so.
"Out"
“I just felt like seeing you”
The truck slowly drifts into a rugged stop, Dean turns the keys one-two-three times but it refuses to start up. He flicks the fuel gauge to see if it had been screwing with him this whole time, to his amazement it hadn't. He deliberated in his tired skull whether running in on foot was a good idea, especially if he had an unconscious crazy person to handle along the way but anything would seem plausible if Sam was on the other line of the thread. He hesitates, hesitates and hesitates even more...
“You look so adorable here. We need to take more pictures together” Dean’s cheek is in Cas’ ruffled up hair, his breaths are gentle upon his scalp and he welcomes his touch as he loses himself in the photograph-why did he feel so distant from the trench coated angel smiling away? Why did he stop smiling like that?
That assbutt.
He gulps the excessive bile in his throat and shuffles away from Castiel, he couldn't read through them, not again. Dean covers his eyes and exhales immensely while Castiel remained in his corner and starts rubbing his thumb over the other, what was going to happen?
You step away from him as his hand slips off- now for the relatively easy part
The shakes start to grow around them, but the creature continued effortlessly, the air in its inanimate lungs starting to fade
“Spring cleaning?” He takes the offer and places himself comfortably on the wooden chair, his legs spread wide as he rubbed his hands together, wincing by an unknown pain from doing so.
I hear the sound of his boots beside me, him calling out to me and Sam as his arms point forward, his green eyes blazing in the faded darkness. The sun never really left the specks of his eyes did it? Even with all of his tainted and broken glory he was still him, still Dean Winchester. The only form of permanence I wanted but we all know it wasn’t meant to be-
Sam sits with ease on his knees, his body elevated well quite over the contraption as he takes a deep breath- the pendulum swung lazily over the map with all the colors of the states duller in the daylight. Dean places his hand on Sam’s shoulder, a strange comfort that Sam didn’t know he needed right now- he acknowledges him and then solemnly stares at the string.
Wow, I never knew prayers worked so fast.
more. Your mouth is agape as he starts to unfurl his wings; they stretch out above him- their girth massive and hovering like a dark cloud above them.
than that, you know? You weren’t just some random guy who had come into our lives and just left whenever-you were-
Damn it, I couldn't. I needed to see him, I needed to know if I was right. I needed to know if it was him.
Ooh, pie. I need me some pie.
Dean is still frozen, his lashes still as he refuses to blink
No, not in the slightest
“Okay so how long will you be pouting? It’s been two days already! Can’t a guy get some sort of break in this isolation? We can’t leave and neither can we kill each other; so wouldn’t it be best if we just stepped outside and just came up with some plan? Bobby will make cookies, my treat!” he smilesd and looks him up and down hesitantly.
“DEAN!” Castiel screams as you and Sam catch a glimpse of him reaching out to you before it became dark. Instinctively, you reach out to him too but your fingers just miss each other- that small caress later and you find yourself falling, a lot deeper than you had imagined, a lot deeper than you had wished for.
My third mistake.
“Get out”
“HEY IT’S ME”
Dean nods his head, breathing out the irritation in his throat and stepping out towards the edge they had awoken in. The camp is still rampant, completely awestruck by the massive blast of light they just experienced, watching their lights flicker and dance in a frenzy brought a smile to his face, an unusual one at that.
“Easy, we climb over one of the big sons of bitches and then carry on from that point”
“Okay so game plan guys, should we split up or-“ Dean mumbles as he collects his weapons from the trunk of the car, his lazy arms swerving about with those massive knives and pistols as if they were mere playthings; at this point maybe they were.
You sense relentless pain, memories of John Winchester and of Lucifer in the cage, a woman in white, blood trickling from their fingertips, pulled out nails and salt upon their wounds, black eyes and rouge upon the floors of hell - all of it burns through you the more your cleansed them.
“This is bullshit, like I said. Nothing. Is. Happening”
Locked
“I can but…”
No response.
“…I promised…I’d watch over you. I intend on fulfilling that promise…” Castiel places his hand on Dean’s face and allows his fingers to tickle his cheek and graze the ends of his hair, so gentle they felt upon him, Dean was holding back his tears as he shook his head in disbelief. Castiel grasps onto Sam’s elbow and holds him for a while, his gasps leaving his lips as he smiles melancholy. Sam’s eyes water by his gesture as he twitches and swallows with remorse, they had somehow forgotten the situation for a bit and it filled him with dread to do this now.
He swallows hard, the veins in his neck quaking and thumping with unease- he knew this room- he could never forget this room- but he knew what he needed to do.
“I wonder why” Crowley mumbles as he fiddles with his thumbs and looks away. Sam tried to hide his laugh but couldn’t do so in time.
Dean still has his arms crossed with his tilted head, his shuffling stopped within a few minutes and he was out like a light, Castiel still stayed awake, feeling a little less claustrophobic the more Dean moved in his sleep, which was a lot.
“Where is here, exactly?”
“Well nice to meet you Jimmy. Call me Cam” she nods gently and occupies herself with her cigarette and her companions once more.
“I mean… We got attacked by.. and he told me to leave him behind… How did he even manage all of this?” Sam stood up, his hands huddled under his armpits and his face frozen on a frown.
“I’m… going to go get some… stuff, for the journey” he walks away robotically, as if something was caught between his legs, all jittery and confused. Sam and Crowley watch him walk away towards the store.
“Sam I’m warning you, not another word”
is worth saving?
“I…suppose that would be alright” Castiel shuffles to his feet and grabs his bag with his free hand, the other still grasping on his little companion who looks a bit annoyed at the disturbance “I’d be happy to follow”. Cam looks towards Joe and nods happily “Alright! Hey Dylan! Let’s get going! We’re bringing in guests too!” she yells towards her third friend who seemed dazed until this moment. She gestures towards them and Castiel follows at a slow pace, making sure the rain didn’t fall on his kitten’s head.
"What?"
If only he wasn’t here to hear him say that
"Well you can just tell Balthazar to do his own dirty work, I'm not helping"
Cas places his own hand over Dean’s and grasps onto it softly, his hand never left his face during this small interaction and the longer he watched this happen the more Dean knew. He’s eased into his old worn out hands, Dean felt himself beg from his eyes, into those pools of blue that were deafening the very earth around him- why was he losing it so easily?
And then it happens again
My trench coat couldn’t keep me warm as the sun drains away the cold night from before. My tie is twisted and loose around my neck as the world wakes up around me-a feeling so unknown to me for the past few years…the world feels so different all of a sudden-kilned anew from the depths you chose to drown it in. Somewhere he can feel at ease again.
His nose is still buried, his tears still fall and his chest still heaves an unshakeable pain
“Cas…” Dean pants but envelopes Cas in a steamy kiss once more, he grins at the sweetness upon his tongue, even with his angelic quality Cas still had a taste, an electric tang within those lips he was fully taking advantage of-there was nothing like it and he couldn’t get enough of it. Castiel moans softly as he gets on top of Dean without breaking the kiss, he was way too into it and Dean couldn’t help but swallow him whole, nothing could’ve ever been enough for him when it came to Cas. He wanted everything.
I can't hurt myself again. I don't want him to hurt me again. Not this way.
Sam’s eyes wander over Castiel and his words- he doesn’t seem too moved or too affected- but that’s just how Sam has been for quite some time now, through most of this it really was him who dealt with the issue by grabbing it by the teeth. Dean has been struggling to do just that over the past few years.
“Yes. We are”
He waited
“I need to pack and I need to leave. Being angry at me won’t help you with your misgivings.”
He places a hand on the cracks of the opening and slowly enters, making sure his footing is firm on the rubble, he feels the tremors rise again but this time it only tickles rather than overwhelm him- his dissipated fear slowly begins to manifest again- slowly but surely he knew he was getting closer to something. He bites his lips and watches the sunlight create his shadow in front of him, so dark and grey he could barely make it out from the infernal darkness that existed within. He recognized the room instantly, it was the cafeteria- the same tables and chairs are misplaced around the floor, the glass food covers were now full of cracks and within it seamless amounts of cobwebs and spiders scurried about; Castiel walks slowly towards the center of the room, his trench coat twirls around him with lustrous fervor as he spins while watching the massive ceiling, he remembered it being massive and the solace from it was unexplainable. It didn’t seem like the world was ending, if only he could stay a little longer.
. The Collapse may have turned our ideals against each other but at the same time… it only made me realize how much you and Cas matter to me- and how I’ll do anything to keep you safe”
Castiel closes his eyes with vehemence; he didn’t want these thoughts at all, just for now.
Dean stops and pulls back, he breathes deeply as he caresses Cas’ cheek and feels at ease by his fingers running through his hair “Damn, now you’re making me feel guilty about doing things to you” Dean laughs heartily as he joins his forehead with his and chaps his lips, Castiel laughs at his comment and grabs onto his hair and pulls him in for a rough kiss. He cranes his neck and continues to trace his kisses below his neck “Fine, then I’ll let you be guilty” he pulls his t shirt up and starts leaving butterfly kisses on his chest and collarbone.
“So you do know about them. If I was the monster you spoke of then you wouldn’t be standing here talking to me now would you?”
You both stare at each other awkwardly and you’re the first to break eye contact and move away.
“Hmm?”
Not anymore.
“So…I don’t think we’ve met”
“If it were anything else…” Castiel breathes coarsely “Anything at all- you know I would’ve-”
“No, you
"You don't have to-" I fumbled, but Dean shook his head.
“…are someone who possesses so much good within yourself that you end up breaking apart from time to time” Castiel kisses his cheek slowly and continues doing it without any restraint “There’s no shame in being broken Dean. You are much more than your parents’ concocted idea of you. You are more than just Sam’s older brother...you’re more than the words you use to bring yourself down and you’re so much more than what your failures define you…you’re
My wings?
“It’s just easy to get lost in your beauty somehow”
saving, someone who deserved to
"I don't understand Bobby, I mean... You were dead, we burned your remains over 8 years ago and now all of a sudden... You're here and alive? Not to mention in this hidden cabin where you kept yourself holed up for... how long? You didnt even think..that maybe we'd be okay?"
But maybe it's different now
His dewy green eyes wander over his face- he felt so ugly and ashamed as he looked at him- just fighting the urge to erase himself somehow. But Dean keeps looking, swallowing hard and breathing slowly in front of him.
Dean scratches the back of his head while he shoves his free hand into his jeans pocket
A few minutes had passed while they kept cutting in silence and before Castiel could react the sound of gunfire invaded his ears, the giant animal screamed from fear and jolted carelessly by the sound, Dean blocked himself as he backed away but even so the animal kept jumping and started shoving the air with it's antlers blindly. Castiel withdrew and saw the animal create a ruckus and set itself free from the tangled up net, he sees Dean's slightly dazed state and the lack of emotion from him-why wasn’t  he reacting correctly?
Castiel lets his hand rest upon his cheek and then his chin and then his lips; he kept tracing every inch of his face and wipes away the tears he so willingly let out. Usually he always restrained himself from these gestures but Castiel felt more admiration seep through his eyes the more he held him together, just like he did all those years ago.
“Yeah well I didn’t know any better either. That’s the only thing I can come up with right now. It had that demon ghost train thing- you remember that?- and it has the word ‘sanitorium’ in it- I’m pretty sure it's over a river too- or was it a lake?”
Castiel falls to the ground and starts twisting and turning in place, for some reason he couldn't open his eyes. A writhing pain started to emerge from his abdomen and it began to choke him, his spit felt like foam at the back of his throat and he began to cry out in agony.
It stretches its claws towards you, an ominous black root opening up to grab you. You hold your breath and start to run towards it- with all of your terrors ablaze guiding you through the smoke. The other two skulls vibrate by their reverberating chuckles, they too begin to swarm and twist near their guardian, you slash the approaching claw which dissipates seconds after contact. But even so they were pursuing you with the same pace; this felt more like terrorized play than a fight.
The bars of the rusty cage kept stinging as Dean made contact with them, the trees grew tall over their heads and Dean sat solemnly under them. The night felt eerily cold on his skin and he sighed quietly as he rubbed the dirt off of his hands. Castiel lays near him, still unconscious by his encounter as he shuffled uncomfortably in his dazed condition; Dean’s eyes soften at the sight, seeing him wounded this way...he was reminded of all of the people who ended up getting hurt because of him, he bitterly claimed. Dean stared at the man who was guarding their miniature cell, he kept on moving back and forth in five minute intervals and Dean felt like he was spiraling into a massive anger fit once more as the guard grinned at him slyly.
“I know Dean, I know. But what you need to get is that I’m right here-I’ll always be right here through it all because no one deserves to be alone in this.
“Dean-how is he? How’s Sam?” Castiel lets his cat go but he slips between his legs and settles down on the ground.
Sam spoke, a hint of irritation in his words.
“Heh, yeah I think I understand”
Castiel lingers into the warm stuffy bedroom with a towel wrapped around his waist loosely- he watches the clothes Dean left for him as his soggy self feels a blush appear on his cheeks again. The smell of peppermint invaded the room and made him feel dazed as he rubs his hands slowly on his clothes. They weren’t his but it still felt like it-is that another strange feeling to have? He smiles at the thought, his mind completely free from the dark clouds he was used to, or maybe it was the warm steam from the shower that gave him some peace.
He stood up, i could tell that his mind was elsewhere but I just needed him to leave. His footsteps invaded the room as he walked away from me; his steps were gentle and stable, it just showed that he was in no hurry at all. He turned to look at me while my face was in my hands, these damn headaches.
“He was able to bring us back, Dean. Let alone create this whole…realm? I don’t even know what word to use to describe this”
“Yes?” you blink in an unsettling way as you look at the both  of them sitting in the truck’s carrier “Oh, sorry Sam- here” you pull on the strap and hand over the dusty green bag to him with a comfortable look in your eyes. Sam smiles back but looks at Dean for affirmation, or something else really- the Winchester telepathy was a fascinating thing to encounter but this time it felt like he was telling him to do something, something Dean was hesitant about.
Bobby looks at him, a dainty look even for him; Dean could only hear his heartbeat thumping through his eardrums and his throat, even after everything he said he still felt an uneasy weight pushing him down. “I know I haven’t been around- and for a very long time. I wish I could’ve been there when all of this got worse but even with me gone I feel as though you’ve always been this way- in one way or another because of…”
“Heh-of course” Dean swallows hard and gives off a repressed laugh as he rubs his face, his teeth white in the dark as he takes one step closer too “You couldn’t even…you couldn’t even call? Do I mean that little to you ever since you got the life you wanted? Taking in strays and being a…hobo?”
Dean gives him the nastiest glare
We separated and looked at each other, his smile was crooked and endearing in my eyes. His eyes were lit up and they've never looked more stunning. Several minutes pass as we keep looking at each other, I could never get tired of looking at him. I still couldn't believe that he was mine.
“Are you trying to make me feel guilty?”
“More like….afraid-afraid of what might happen if I do”
Castiel wants to laugh at the absurdity of it all but somehow his eyes always ended up on Dean, or his frozen silhouette more like.
He came to terms with the fact that all of the heroes he once dreamed of being were all buried along with him, not even their bones existed in the rotting earth below.
"I have to try, I have to do something Crowley... Otherwise everything I've ever fought for to this day would all be for nothing" he spoke condescendingly; Crowley remained mute as he watched him take swift and small breaths with his head hung low, why was he still listening to this boy?
“Well, let’s narrow this riddle down and then look for a map? Either way we’ll need a map for this” Crowley rolls his eyes as he bends down, his head hovering above Cas’ “Unless our cosmic GPS here might have a different approach”
Castiel rushes to him without hesitation and pulls him into an embrace, Dean didn’t realize how much he wanted him to listen “I can’t save anyone Cas, I never deserved to be saved by you or Sam. It’s all meaningless, all of this…no matter…no matter how much I try to change things it always ends up hurting people…”
It’s just hard to get over how long it’s been since then
‘Umm, your car is that way-right? Let’s not waste any more time. Sam must be worried” Castiel starts to walk in the direction Dean came from and continued onwards with his cat placed on his shoulder, he watches Dean follow up behind with their pupils massive and dark. “Wait! What the hell did I say? Cas?!” Dean shuffles awkwardly as he catches up to him with a sly grin on his confused face. Their voices fade out the farther they walk away from the spot they lay in, Dean’s laugh is loud enough to reach this place even if the wind blew away every trace they left behind.
I hear Jody use a few swear words and I chuckle at how she continued to spit into Sam’s ears, his eyes squinting as if being scolded by a parent “What? You’ve been contacting us for 4 months? Are…are you sure that’s really it? No-no I’m not questioning it…it just seems impossible that’s all…” Sam runs his hand through his hair and watches me in a relieved kind of way. I turn my phone on and see the notifications flashing on the screen, an endless list of calls from Crowley, some notifications and updates from Garth, Claire dropped in a message or two as well, Charlie sent some photos regarding shenanigans of her own, Jody’s messages and emails regarding a case from long ago…its agonizing to go through it all. I kept staring at the call log and kept swiping downwards to see everyone who managed to call us these past few months, the date and time flashing in my eyes- as if taunting me for my absence-as if the Collapse never even happened.
“Hey” Castiel laughs and starts twirling his fingers above Dean, his claws ready to scratch his skin at any given moment “He’s just…afraid. Like me”
He steps into an open space, there were no walls nor a ceiling, the floor completely cut off only a few steps further from him- he stares at the weeds and grass that emerged from the ground- it hid almost everything- everything that went down all those years ago. He felt disgusted for some reason, how something so massive can also be forgotten- completely erased- how easy it was to fuck everything up, how easy it was to end their lives but not end your own? How his cursed self still stood here regardless of trying, trying so hard to forget everything.
"I...
"Don't worry."
They walked casually towards the small gathering, there were relatively more people here this time around and Sam is perplexed and worries whether they were too late for the trade. Dean took a sharp turn towards his left and Sam stumbles behind as he bit his lip impatiently, Dean gestured towards a man in his 40’s wearing a brown cardigan over his large belly, the man recognized them and started to walk towards his table underneath his tent.
Dean pouts disapprovingly at him.
“That’s the thing Dean.” Sam interrupts quietly, he sees his brother’s conflicted stare- the dread written on his face as he tried answering further- but Dean already knew.
I straightened myself up, I took a deep breath and walked to the door. My shoes made soft clicking sounds as it made contact with the floor, I reached out my hand and placed it on the handle. Okay, here we go.
Sam felt awkward as he gulped and fumbled with the door knob as he started closing it. He closed the door behind him successfully and takes a sigh of relief with his back against the door. He’ll pretend he didn’t see that-maybe it was best that he wasn’t told about these things-it would embarrass Dean a little too much. He laughs at the idea, his brother was going to be happy again-that’s all he wanted him to be-that’s all he tried to make happen but it seems he just barged in himself.
" He murmurs; the throbbing in his chest and neck intensifies and blurs the world around him. He finds himself enveloped in Dean's embrace and he buries his face in his elbow and starts to cry, the top of his head felt comforted by Dean's chin and he huddled in even closer, the both of them felt so stupid as they held each other without any remorse. Dean kept his grip tight, the hug eases the pain inside them the longer he cradled Castiel in his arms.
He felt something.
And waited
“Wait up!” He called after him as he clumsily slipped from the van and started jumping towards him.
Sam shuffles towards the door on his side and pulls out the ice box and beige blanket “Heh, you definitely came prepared-blankets and all” Sam chuckles as he closes the door with his leg and starts walking towards the edge of the river. He bends down after he places the items down and swirls his fingers in the cold water.
“Yeah, I’ve been getting some nightmares recently, but I guess it's mostly because my mind’s been dealing with a lot of shit”
He looks so beautiful in this darkness, that’s all Castiel could think of.
“Oh, now you think I’m old?” Dean pouts sadly as his eyes shift from the rearview mirror and Sam
"Almost a day I suppose, I kind of lost track of things the moment I saw you boys" Bobby whispers and motions to the others to do the same "For some reason I heard noises, and I mean very loud noises where I was roaming, earthquakes from the apocalypse kind. I see you lot screaming and shoving yourselves in a worn out truck and then be sucked into the road that god knows broke somehow" he scratches his round stomach and shoves his hands in his pockets "I honestly never thought I'd see you again, I never even remotely considered that you boys may be out there somewhere, still getting caught up in shit. I was happy to see you but then again...the circumstance? Not so much"
“Cas, what the hell is it?” You call out to him in a hushed tone with Sam sharing the same sentiments, his teeth gritted and his locks falling onto his forehead as he watches Castiel.
“You know this changes nothing, right?”
He looks away from him and paces himself slowly- Balthazar watches him impatiently but he knows he’ll take his time. He untangles his brown locks and rubs his temple; it felt as though he was going to change his mind and just look at him knowingly, he was hyping himself up honestly.
Shaken, he looked at another, and another, and another-but all of them remained the same, just blank, clean, untouched. His vision was blurry and his breaths ragged, he couldn't understand... any of this.
Traces of their promise of permanence
“It is my truth, I don’t know how but I just know that… I can. And that’s why I came here to find out more”
“Cas? What is going on? What are you saying?” Sam pushed Dean away and grabbed Castiel by the shoulders; even with his profuse shaking he kept repeating the same sentence over and over. Sam started to panic from the intensity of the situation- his wrinkles sunk into his skin deep as he kept calling out to Castiel, Dean watches behind him in complete shock- Bobby calls out to him and that is when he grabs Castiel from his left shoulder while Sam grabs his right, after his touch Cas stops talking for a moment- he blinks slowly. Bobby power jogs inside and stands in between them, he grasps onto Sam and Dean’s shoulder- trying his best to give his support somehow “I don’t remember him being like this! Unless he started doing this after I died?” Bobby makes his remark with an uncertain chuckle.
He blushes at the thought
“You were you, Cas”
Castiel stands as well and tilts his head slightly, his eyes urging him to stop something he isn’t ready for-not now, maybe ever.
“Captain’s tent, he wants to talk about your living situation here, you know- how long you intend to stay and yada yada- you know, typical stuff” He winks, a smug smirk appearing at his lips.
(See the end of the chapter for
Damn, that name. Why was it so-
“Dean, I just want you to try okay? I’m not asking for much. Please?”
Sam grins shamelessly as he pushes himself up from the cold floor and dusts himself off
Castiel wants to get his attention but he keeps shuffling and moving so much that it was a nightmare to even try, eventually he gives up and aids him in his pursuit. Dean sneaks a look and nods approvingly before he starts searching upwards; a small smile appearing and fading within seconds upon his lips.
Crowley stares wide eyed as he gets up and faces him directly “You can’t be serious. Those two are practically begging you to come back”
“You don’t need to thank me”
“Cas?” He hears Dean’s softness in the clouds, or whatever this place was-you wished you could hide your ecstasy but seeing him here brought out almost the opposite reaction “Dean? You’re not supposed to be here”. You hear him from afar but when he responds his voice booms just inches away from you-you turn towards the sound and see him walk towards you with his eyes wandering over his own hands and legs as if he recovered them from somewhere “Heh, I was actually hoping I wasn’t going to wake up after that”
“Well, I guess it’s your
"We need to move. NOW" Dean pulls him up and didn't even bother asking if he was okay "You go start up the truck somehow, I'll push it, hopefully the piece of shit might be a miracle for us" he furrows his brows and pushes Castiel hastily, Cas runs sluggishly at first but he picks up the pace a few steps later. Dean steps forward to join him but something makes him stop.
Dean takes a step back and swallows hard, his eyes never faltering.
Please tell me you remember me.
“HEY! ANYONE UP THERE??” he breathes out with his hands cupping the edges of his mouth.
“Okay, okay- lets just narrow it down a little…” Dean bends over and helps them, his hands grazing Castiel’s from time to time-he didn’t notice it but Cas felt himself swell every time-It kind of hurt to see him act so distant.
Sam’s eyes emit an incomprehensible look as he tries to come up with a sentence “I know you’re hurting but…”
“So what, they do all of these things? How does Cas fit into any of this?” Sam thinks out loud as he picks up another book and goes through ancient drawings and images of the creature. Shadowy claws and wendigo skulls, some of their black bodies had human faces- sickening even in a drawing- to think that after years of hunting there were still monsters out there that have managed to escape their radar. “I remember them… I remember them saying something to us, well unconscious us- that they were forced away somewhere, some place…. Other?”
“We do- and we can do it together” Sam peers into his eyes- he’s trying to convince him somehow and Castiel could see that he was wavering with his harsh tone “We’re not prepared for this thing, weapons and all- we can’t just send Castiel there where he won’t be able to defend himself. We need a plan”
Love you all. Enjoy Destiel hell, hah!
"Aaw come on now don't do that" says Dean as he comforts me; I could feel that he was shaking a bit, but he was doing a good job at hiding it.
“I- I wanted this for so long without even realizing it- I wanted to give my life for you, I wanted you to forget because it was the best thing I could give to you, the same way you gave me my humanity. There was no other way I could’ve saved you or myself, I was already dead until my grace- and its essence…”
"What can you tell me about the Edge?" He went straight to business
“Just a little…distracted. That’s all” he clears his throat and closes his eyes as he nods exasperatedly, his gesture is a little stunted and unsure and Castiel picks up on it instantly.
His headphones hang lazily over his shoulders as the song kept playing-he disregards it completely. He asks the old woman for the time and she ignores him with her incessant chewing blurring out the calm in the air
“I swear if you ever-”
They hear the sound of a small metallic lock in the hallway, Bobby shares a look of uneasiness as Sam still lingers and places himself at the edge of the bed- the amulet was laced around his wrist- completely wrapping them in synchronicity.
Sam hums an agreeable response and watches Dean turn the ignition off “ Let the relaxing begin” he grunts as he opens the door and steps out, Sam steps out a little slowly in comparison  to take in the view, his lungs feel cleansed by the air he breathes in.
