There are dreamers and realists in the world. You could think that dreamers seek for dreamers and realists for realists. But in reality the opposite is mostly the case. Dreamers need realists to not take off with all their wishful thinking. And realists need dreamers to not be stuck down at the ground, sad and not wishing for anything. I don’t know which one of us is the dreamer and who’s the realist, but I do know that we always saved each other from taking off and getting stuck, like a balloon and its string, kept from flying away, but never unable to move.
“Look how stupid he looks!“ I almost squeaked, meaning Garth in the small picture in the middle of a crowd, visibly unflatteringly caught by the camera. I could tell you were smiling near my face and staring at me, while I was just laughing. Then I suddenly felt your hand on my back, slowly running it up and down and then up to my neck, halting for a moment, and then it was gone as fast as it had appeared. I looked at you, your eyes filled with all the affection and friendliness I needed and had hoped for, and I fell into them as if they were a deep peaceful ocean.
It’s been ten minutes since they’d done the summoning spell, but the demon hadn’t shown so far. Midday’s daylight came into the room in dull shades, coated by the cloudy sky and the ongoing rain. The air held the charged sensation of waiting for something to happen. And then it did.
I remember. Another couple of days had passed. We still didn’t have back much of our old form. Almost nothing even. I was free to move around in your bunker, who sometimes felt like a prison to me. But I didn’t want out, escape or run away. Inside these grey walls, in which I sometimes wanted to disappear just to be able to think about how to make myself visible for you, I wanted my freedom back. The freedom to be bound to you, and know you bound to me. But we weren’t there yet. I was still welcome, but not yet could you forgive me. And sometimes I wondered, if you were right. Maybe I needed you. But maybe you needed me, too. You still didn’t see it, but you would.
And I looked at your face and found so much worth seeing. So much more than in me. I’m a meaningless human being and you’re an angel. An angel! And even when you don’t have a good standing inside your kind, you have a good standing in my eyes, as much of it as I could give. And perhaps even alone your loyalty makes me more meaningful than I would be without you. So I needed you save. Who was I to put you in danger? I had done enough damage, even only with my presence in your life. I couldn’t use you again and again to make my fights easier. Because sometimes that’s what it felt like. Like I would use you. But you’re no weapon, like the ones I keep in my trunk. You’re so much more than that.
“I used to tell her that her mother died in a car accident, but…“ She swallowed thickly. “But that’s not true. Sandra, that was Betty’s mother, she… she killed herself when Betty was just a little baby.“
Dean ran a shaking hand across his face, his lower lip trembling, and then life left his own eyes. He grabbed Cas at the collar of his white shirt and pulled him back up. Threw him against the wall. He wanted to punch him so badly, he could feel the urge inside him to tear the skin off that face. Feel his blood coating his hands, make his bones snap and break.
I sat up and looked around me. And I found… nothing. I had the feeling someone was here, but I could barely see anything. Only the weapons on my walls I could use, the pictures on my table with the faces I couldn't recognize in the dark, and the diary that was lying where it always lies. For a quick moment something like fear flared up inside me, or maybe panic, but I shook it off and looked at the clock. One minute after six.
“Hey, Bert,“ Sam said after a while, his brief observation of the other hunter going unnoticed. “Can I ask you something?“
Sometimes I would come into your room at night and see your nightmares, the pain of your memories that invade your dreams like the enemy. And then I would lay my hand on your forehead and make it easier for you. I cast out the enemy. And you don’t know about all that. And was I currently injured by the war I’m fighting in your name, nothing made me stronger than knowing, that the rain would come and the time after would heal it all. Because only in the bad times we know how good our lives are. And I saw, that the only way out of the labyrinth was through. Through the pain and out of it.
“Answer the question,“ I fired and my voice became angrier, my hands became fists, desperately trying to keep my aggression in check. And you? You stared at you hands and closed your eyes. And that was the moment, when I knew I was right. Again someone had lied to me. Again I had to be watertight, and again I failed at it. It was like a labyrinth I couldn't find out of. The never ending story of Dean Winchester and how he is lied to. Episode 9023.
kidnapping? Who said that all those twelve missing people weren’t dead already? Who said there wouldn’t be more? Who said that they would find the monster that did this?
“Funny,“ Sam thought out loud. “One thinks pens are friends and the other thinks they’re something you can eat if you try hard enough.“
There were even more things he knew about his brother. He knew that Dean was struggling with himself. He was torn apart in the inside, and Sam knew Dean felt guilty for something. Was it his ever present tension or was it his ever present frustration, Sam didn't know. But he saw all those faces and all those looks and the little things like peeling off labels and drinking the night away. As though alcohol was a substitution for rest. And whenever his brother was like that he was in some sort of fight.
You paused for a moment, as if to just now still think about it yourself what exactly it was. And then you asked, “How long?“, and I had only a foggy idea what you were referring to.
“Dean, we were worried about you. I drove here and then we couldn’t find you, and I—“ Sam’s voice broke.
Crown Point was a nice little town in Indiana. A pretty town with pretty people who didn't even seem too concerned about the fact that it was pitch-dark in the middle of the day. Local news claimed it to be some sort of weather phenomenon and rather marveled at it as some amazing miracle.
My thoughts tried to focus on the case, but they wandered off again and again. And when I looked out the window, a cold parking lot outside and miserable weather, I thought about you anew. And I wondered, if, in your infinite story, in all the time you already exist, having seen creation, the origin of earth, the world how we know it, even the universe in its beginnings, if I even played any role in all this. Was I even important in the whole mass of your existence? Or was I just a tiny spot in your life, a spot that would pass, soon forgotten and barely known? And still, your never-ending being always seemed infinitely gruesome to me. I wasn’t scared of an end, but were you? Maybe even an infinity had an end somewhere. And maybe some infinities are a little bigger than others. Even when my human mind wasn’t even close to able to understand all that.
Instead, Dean was the one looking battered. A book shelf had done this to him, an earthquake to be precise, not a best friend. Dean could take advantage of those healing powers, too. He wouldn't have to bear the headache or the stinging burn of his sore rip that shattered every breath. But for what? He could pretend till the end of time that there was always a way out of pain. That there was always someone who could put him back together. But that’s what it was, just pretending.
The path led him to a house. It stood lonely and somehow out of place, as though it didn’t belong here. And at the same time it seemed to be right where it should be. As if it was born here, but forgotten somehow, suppressed and neglected.
Cas stirred awake in the dark of his room. The sheets were tangled around his legs and his pillow damp by sweat. He didn't remember what he’d been dreaming about or why he woke, this just discovered realm was still new to him.
Slowly I moved back into the hallways of your bunker. I was still welcome, and at the same time completely invisible. I don’t know what was worse, the fact that I had disappointed you, or that you didn’t want to see me. And I promised to myself to never make a mistake like that again. And I told myself, that everything was going to be fine. You would forgive me. You would forget about it. You would want to see me. There would come a day, I didn’t know yet, how far away it was, but there would come a day you would miss me.
He knocked on the yellowish door of room 237, but nobody answered. He could feel Bert watching him from where he waited in the car. A foul stench and a hint of Whiskey came from inside the room. What if he was dead? What if his brother lay in there, rotting in his own fluids? What if he was too late?
At some eventual moment, Dean found he’d had enough of it and softly pushed Bert away. “Okay, uh… thanks, I guess“
“ He made a dramatic pause. “That case is practically the literal translation of that quote. And the people at that mental hospital in New Canaan? They’re
Dean ran a hand over his face and through his hair. There was something off about all that, he could sense it in his guts. But they had no fucking clue what the hell was going on.
Let’s all agree that storms have something beautiful about them. The world darkens and clouds race through the sky dangerously and thunder roars its battle cry and lightning strikes and slashes and burns in tumultuous bolts and rain falls down on earth in a raging shower that cleanses it all and trees are shaken to something that looks alive and parts of them fly through the air like they’d spread their wings and travel the world.
I stood up. Perhaps I hoped for you to be surprised. But you were absorbed in your food and every single molecule of its taste. And that was okay, because I know how much you love to eat. Even when every fibre of my body wanted to stay, I knew I had to go. Not for you. For myself. There were thoughts to be thought and feelings to be felt. There were things I had to do. Important things. And I had to do all of it alone. Who knows, maybe your current pretend indifference was big enough for you to not care about it, but maybe it was little enough to alienate you even more. Because you wouldn’t like them and I wasn’t ready to explain to you what you don’t understand. Because there are things you didn’t need to know about, things I did for you, and only for you. And in the end, we all have things we hold on to, things we want no one to know about. Then again, there’s always someone, who knows.
Dean felt increasingly angrier with all the cryptic crap that guy spit at him. And while he still tried to make sense of the woodpecker, he felt more and more confused by the second. He folded his arms as though he was forcing himself to keep standing there. In his own dream.
He knitted his brows, but not in an angry way. Cas was looking at him as though he saw his thoughts, and there was the slightest tilt of his head, almost like the old Castiel’s. Whatever he was doing, Dean couldn't stop. So he made that step back towards Cas, only one foot left between them. He looked into his eyes that looked so dark and yet still as blue as always and sighed a stutter.
He shook that memory out of his mind, opened the cap of the beer, and swallowed down what felt like too much, as though he was trying to drown himself. Or he wanted to drown out his loud thoughts and the guilt and his never ending idiocy. Because that’s what he was, an idiot. A tight-lipped smile landed on his friend and he started fumbling with a corner of the label on the bottle.
Dynamic. First you’ve been scared of me. And I wanted it like that. I wanted respect and obedience. I’ve been a dangerous creature in your eyes, one you haven’t known. Someone you’ve known absolutely nothing about, about whom you haven't known what he plans and what he wants and what he does in your life, and not even how you can kill him. This for you almighty being that has entered your life. The most scared you’ve probably been of not knowing, whether I would attack you or help you. And in the end, uncertainty is what probably scares us the most.
So when he spoke again he was speaking almost inwardly, as though to someone tucked away inside him. And he said, “We’re fine.“
I was sitting on one of the chairs at one of the neatly arranged, dark wooden tables, with the little lamps on them, in the bunker that has become my home someday. The only home I ever really had. Apart from my car, of course. I was reading in a thick, old book. I don’t remember, what it was about, or why I’ve even read it, or what I wanted to find in there. But there was probably a reason for me reading it. Even when it was just for the sake of doing something. Everyone says about me, that I don’t care about books or reading itself, but that’s not entirely true. I read. Often even. Sometimes maybe hidden in my room, because sometimes I probably don’t want anyone to see me differently than I like him to. People see me as that tough guy, a warrior perhaps, a hunter. Someone, who fights and saves, not someone, who reads and knows. Not someone like Sam. A geek, a nerd. And sometimes I wonder, why at all. Maybe I sometimes feel like I’m destined for something else.
,“ Bert said in a defensive tone, raising both his eyebrows, “I don’t hunt because it’s so much fun! Or because I’m not scared of anything. Like you and your brother, you broad-shouldered, abnormally tall Abercrombie lumberjack models. I hunt because it makes my life matter.“
She had been innocent, that woman. She hadn't deserved to die. She had deserved to be saved. And I had failed. And not only had I failed to save her life, I had also failed to get revenge for her death. The ghoul was gone. Miles away. And I didn't even manage to find him. What kind of hunter was I? What a loser. The guilt spread out inside me like a dark stain of truth and my lungs were cramping so much, I could barely breathe. It was as if there wasn't enough air for me on the world. It was as if I had to learn how to breathe again.
Dad came home from a hunt and found his sons in their motel room on the floor in front of the TV. They were eating candy and the floor was covered in empty wrappings. John had been away for three days straight, yet, instead of saying hello, he switched from exhausted to enraged in less than a second. Dean was twelve years old at the time. And of course it was all his fault.
Anansi smiled. “There you go, my friend. How about some juice now?“ He took the glass with the milky white substance and put it to Cas’ mouth. “I know it looks strange, but it’s only banana juice. My favorite.“
I saw you hesitating and didn't know what the hell kind of answer I expected. What was worse? That it could have been your blood, or that it wasn't your blood? My thoughts circled around the worst possibilities and I imagined it all, imagined what you could have done. And somehow our routine suddenly wasn't calming and stabilizing anymore, but dark and betrayed, and much worse than the dreams I was running away from to you night after night. Humans and their unlimited fantasy. We build a picture and even when we find evidence for the true occasions, our own are not replaced, but simply adjusted. Never could we put reality above our own pictures. Never could I put whatever you would say next above my doubts. Once ignited, never stopped again.
He turned his head fully to find Castiel looking at him with his still stone-like face. He’d intended to make a funny comment to light up the mood, but it didn't seem like it had actually reached the other. Dean smiled one of those smiles that disappear as soon as they appeared, only a soft twitch of the corners of his mouth. Like one of these emoticons you put behind a text message to make sure the one on the other end of the line gets that it’s a joke.
So instead of trying to justify his own actions, he did what he did best. Drink. Drink the frustration away and calm the fuck down. Cas was still back in the bunker. The only thing needed were the stares or how he looked away or hovered over his shoulder like the little angel he was. Or wasn’t. Dean didn’t know why that made him so mad, he only knew that it did. He wished his brother was here, so he could focus on him, but Sam was still with Bert.
At this point Dean would normally exchange a questioning look with his partner — which would usually be Sam — to see what he was thinking about all the weird. But he really and definitely and clearly didn't want to look at Cas now. He thought, he’d only find him staring at his shoes again, or clenching fists into his trench coat.
I smiled at you and tried to hold the eye contact as long as possible. Your face relaxed a bit and I could sense you were feeling a little better. Because that’s what I do. I make sure you feel better.
“Ah come on, Sam.“ Dean gave and sat down next to him. “How can you be so genius the one time and so stupid the other?“ He took another sip of his beer, watching the bitch face grow in his brother’s face. “
Somehow being a lion had made him realize a few things. It made him realize the damage he could do. It made him realize that releasing your anger in a fit of rage was still the best way to release it. It made him realize that claws are very helpful at that. It made him realize that, no matter the shape, he was an asshole. It made him realize that he might not be able to ever stop being an asshole, but he could try and do better, at least. It made him realize that he should wake up.
“Just because we can’t stand her, doesn't mean her words can’t hold wisdom in them, Dean,“ I said. I really didn't want to discuss, whether or not Rowina was an adequate source for advice, but these of her words seemed to be suitable. I saw your pain and I just wanted you to see it, too, instead of incessantly only numbing it. Words weren't always my strength, so every now and then I had to use those of others. Even when language didn't come anywhere near explaining how you felt.
He remembered how Cas had made all the lightbulbs burst in that barn and how it had almost hurt to watch him. How much he’d been shining, how bright he’d been. How hard it’d been to look at him and even harder to look away. How he’d felt like going blind.
Dean sat down on the dusty bed and stared at the contacts in his phone. His finger hovered over Sam’s number. All the things he’d like to discuss with him. All the ideas Sam would come up with. All the cleverness that had always made Dean proud.
Tears welled up in Dean’s eyes that felt like he’d been holding them back for years. “I’m sorry, Sammy,“ he whispered. He rose from the bed onto shaking legs but didn't dare to make a step.
It wasn’t a question, it was a statement, a dismissive comment spoken with a voice Cas recognized all too well. His head darted around and found the stranger leaning against the kitchenette. His arms and legs were crossed and he smiled like he was watching monkeys at the zoo playing around. But before he could ask all the questions, the man continued.
And that startled him a little, but it didn’t frighten him. He had never had a dream before. Though, he knew that dreams were a normal mechanism of the human mind, and that he had his very first one now meant only that. He turned human.
“Sure you can,“ Bert said and sat down with them, taking a bite from a raw tomato. “It’s the same thing as the fact that there’s a superlative for
Thirteen. Fourteen. Fifteen. Then Dean stopped. Cas heard the sound of the rifle landing on the floor and the door falling shut. He didn't dare to move for a long while.
“It was your own face, Dean Winchester.“ Anansi raised his brows, as though he’d only now realized it himself. Then he seemed to collect himself again, and when he continued his voice was back to its silvery smoothness. “Brilliant, wasn't it? Your own face drew you into that sea and almost caused your death. Luckily, your angel saved you in time.“
“I don’t wanna come across as racist,“ Dean said, “but how about we search in… African lore? That sorta thing?“
Anansi chuckled and shoved his hands into his trouser pockets. “You didn't actually think I was going to show up here myself, did you?“ he said with a tinge of amusement in his voice.
Fear. Fear is an amazing excuse. We say, for example, that we can’t go in the water, because we’re scared of whatever, when really we actually just don't want to go in the water. And sometimes I wonder, why people don't just say that they don't want to, why there has to be a dramatic reason like the fear of something to be understood. And to be taken seriously. And it’s sad that especially the excuse everyone uses always works and is always taken seriously. As if it was the ultimate way out of everything, as if it was the only thing that even mattered. When really, fear doesn't matter at all. Because something we can overcome, and avoid even, can never be a reason not to do something. The quiet, though, the quiet is something absolute. It’s either there or just not. We can neither make it up, nor really fake it, nor force it to exist. And I wondered, why I still managed to misuse it as my excuse.
“He doesn’t need to have fun with it- he’s had the experience before, of having a female vessel. And now he has a vessel he really likes and that’s what he wants to stick with. It’s alright, kiddo.” Dean rubbed a reassuring hand down Jack’s shoulder, and glanced back at Cas with a soft smile.
Forever grateful to Charlie for the accounts she’d set up to bankroll their weird off-the-grid lifestyle, Dean grinned. “Let’s get him a pretty comprehensive basic wardrobe to start; we can afford it today.”
The movie marathon had helped him ignore and forget his argument with Sam for a while, but the next morning when he’d pulled himself awake, he realized that the next time he saw his brother, Sam would want to
“The angel wings- see? They’re the shiny rainbow ones. They don’t look exactly like his but they were the closest they had.”
Jack bounded out of the salon behind them. Inside, he’d gone for something almost between what Dean and Cas had gotten- in that he’d left one side of his head with reasonably long hair, and the other side cut nice and peach-fuzz short. “Almost like Claire’s hair! What do you think- do you think she’ll like it?”
As the two of them roughhoused, Dean tried to keep track of Jack and Cas. Jack continued to be curious and unruffled by the situation, and as they walked into the Juniors department, seemed equally interested in the nerdy graphic tees on the boys’ side, as the soft and frilly skirts and dresses on the girls’ side. Cas, however, continued to look uncomfortable, his long hair messily obscuring his face and highlighting his hunched shoulders. Making his mind up, he pulled everyone together.
The second week they spend together just reinforces the feelings they had for one another all those years ago.
Dean wrinkled his nose, brushing past Sam to get through the door of the garage and back into the main hallway of the bunker. “Like what?”
Jack curled into Dean’s embrace tighter, reaching up one hand to rest where Cas’ hand was loosely wrapped around Dean’s arm. “That makes sense. I’m sorry I didn’t ask you sooner.”
“How could I forget? I didn’t realize that you had more than the one pair of wings, those burning wheels, or those faces! The eyes looked the same, though- there were just a lot more of them.” Dean was always a very kinetic speaker, moving his hands and his body to emphasize what he said, and this moment was no exception, his hand flying up in front of Castiel’s face in an expression of excitement and awe.
In some ways, kissing Dean had been perfect. Hearing the noises Dean made, coaxing them out of him; feeling the way Dean had clutched at him, desperate for contact and connection; melting into the way Dean tasted when their mouths pressed together; all of his fantasies now had real experience backing them up, and he knew that Dean had enjoyed himself too.
Dean stared at the garment laid out on his bed. He was beyond glad that Eileen had moved in a few weeks ago and had all her clothes available- if she’d just been staying for a week between hunts again, she wouldn’t have had enough of a variety of clothes available to make sure he, Sam, Cas, and Jack all had
“You know how hard it is to get me talking about my feelings- I don’t want to miss this opportunity, might not come back for a while.” Dean scrubbed his hands down his face, wiping at his own tear tracks. He started heading out of the library, but stopped when he didn’t hear Cas’ footsteps behind him. “You coming?”
Dean loved that he could count on Castiel to be blunt. He could say, “I ain’t exactly a role model”, and with the full weight of his millenia of experience and the surety of being able to see the very essence of Dean’s soul, Cas would reply, “that’s not true.”
Charlie grinned up at him. “As much fun as we had with my makeover movie montage, I am thrilled to have the opportunity to return the favor, Handmaiden!”
Dean knew that posture all too well. The fear. The resignation. Tears welled up in his own eyes. “Of course not.” He pulled Jack into a hug, noting the disparity in their heights. Seemed like he might be the shortest one in the room, now. “Jack I’m so sorry I made you feel so scared. You’re a kid, you make mistakes, and you should be able to make mistakes without being terrified of it! I mean - yeah, sometimes your phenomenal cosmic power makes your mistakes a bit more devastating and dire than this, and I’m not gonna lie, that scares me, but Jack-” he pulled back to look Jack in the eye again. “Nobody’s hurt. We’re all here, we’re all fine, I’m pretty sure we can fix this one way or another, and
“That’s fair.” Cas tightened his grip on Dean’s shoulder before pulling away, and for a moment it felt like a memory of the handprint he’d left behind when he’d first raised Dean from Hell. “Why don’t I try to buy you a little more time, and get you out of the Bunker for a while in the process?”
The first thing Dean noticed when he came to was the headache. It thudded in time with his pulse, and made him wish he were still unconscious. As he opened his eyes, the bright lights of the kitchen made him flinch, and his vision swam a bit as he pushed himself up into a seated position from where he’d been sprawled on the floor.
Most of Dean’s hair was up in a messy ponytail, but a few strands had escaped and were stuck messily to the side of his face, clear testament to the fact that Dean was unfamiliar with having hair long enough to tie back. His t-shirt was soaked through, clinging to his skin, and his legs were mostly bare, a pair of short-shorts the only nod to modesty. With some amusement, Castiel even noted that Dean’s current position on the vehicle seemed almost a parody of sex, but after all, Dean had almost as intense a relationship with his car as he did with a slice of well-made pie.
of pain that he knew meant there’d been a pretty severe injury there, and for a moment Dean clutched at Cas, grateful beyond words that he hadn’t had to face that situation alone.
Charlie chuckled. “It’s okay, you’ve always been very pretty, but I already miss having you as my big brother.” They quickly hugged, but when it looked like they were about to step away, Charlie reached out to Cas as well. “Come over here, you look like you could use one too.”
The lights were on in the Library, but it was empty; instead, the echoing sounds in the map room made it seem like they were wrapping up with dinner. Without thinking Dean reached out behind him to grab Cas’ hand, dragging him along towards the kitchen.
And after they’re finished, when they’re lying together, sweaty and sated, they continue their conversation.
of you, Sammy. Not gonna lie, it did hurt, like I said… but it might’ve all been for the best, you heading off to college when you did.”
Going from one woman in the bunker, to four 'women' of varying sizes, makes clothing a bit of a tricky subject.
Dean’s distraction cost him dearly, and his assailant hit him again, before dropping him on the ground, disoriented. The man’s focus on Dean, however, proved his own undoing, and Castiel grabbed the man and threw him to the other side of the parking lot with a loud
deserves nice things, even if she doesn’t always believe it.” He hoped that the way he stumbled over Dean’s name and pronouns went unnoticed by Sylvia, since Dean was enjoying the opportunity to be perceived as a woman.
“Some days it feels like a lifetime, and other days it feels like no time at all.” He flushed at being caught off-guard, but her warm smile was reassuring.
A couple of meta notes... first, as I was writing the conversation between Cas and Jack, I started rereading the rest of the fic, to see where I'd left off and what had been said, and I was going to scrap the conversation because it felt like there'd been a variation of that conversation a few times already.
“Then let’s get going now,” said Cas. “I will feel much more comfortable wearing clothes that fit properly.”
He tried to reach out to Dean, but the moment he unclenched one of his hands from his shirt, the fabric moved and his chest was no longer so well guarded from the air of the garage, and he had to move it back, hyperventilating in spite of not needing to actually breathe.
”Yes, I did, I did and I’d touch it, even long after it was gone, it’s all I can think about whenever I touch that spot!”
Cas tilted his head. “Indeed.” Glancing to the side, he shifted slightly. “Sylvia suggested that something else that might make me more comfortable, would be for me to get a haircut. Do you think we’ll have time for that before we head back to the bunker?”
“I know, buddy, I know. Shh-shh-shh-shh, it’s alright. He’s been gone since before I even met Cas the first time, and he’s my example of everything
This broke the quiet moment and Cas watched as Dean tensed and leaned out of the close embrace, nervously scratching at the back of his head, no doubt remembering how much of a mess things were at first. “I dunno, that almost feels like one of those deals where you’re buying something as-is for cheap, because it’s broken.”
“You’ve got a point there. Man, this whole situation just keeps getting better and better,” he groused. As Jack squirmed a little beside him, Dean placed a comforting hand on Jack’s shoulder. Seeing the easy affection between the man he loved and their son always filled Cas with warmth and joy, and this gesture was no exception. “Nah, it’s still alright kiddo, I’ve got other ways to spend time with my Baby that won’t run as high a risk.”
“I want you to say… I want you to say that you’ll kiss me again when the spell is broken and I feel like myself again. I want you to say that this wasn’t all just because I look like a woman right now. I want you to say that the fact that I am most comfortable in a male vessel isn’t a barrier to a romantic relationship with you, in spite of the fact that I’ve only ever observed you making romantic or sexual overtures to women.”
Not because kissing Dean wasn’t something he wanted, something he’d imagined- he had! The more he observed and experienced human sexuality, the more he wanted to share those experiences with Dean, more than anyone else. But he’d never thought he’d have any sort of opportunity to do so, and he was more than content to simply have Dean in his life.
Cas felt a tug on his arm and looked over to Dean, who had an eyebrow raised. “Well? Why don’t we take a picture right now and send it to her?”
“Well I would have- but in order to defeat said witch I ended up touching the hex bag and that’s all it took to turn me back.” Dean leaned back and looked at Jack’s face, moving one hand up to stroke his hair. He could faintly hear everyone leaving the library, recognizing that Jack needed this moment with his dads, and he was beyond grateful to everyone for being so sensitive. “You know, I didn’t realize you were struggling with it so bad, but wanting you to have a childhood? That’s part of why I had Cas take you to that toy store- you know that, right?”
. They were both too curvy, Dean’s breasts filling out his soaked t-shirt, the swell of his own breasts barely contained by the athletic garment.
“You want to know why I wasn’t completely on board with you going off to college? Well for one thing, Sam, being stuck with Dad,
I have a third to a half of the next chapter written; I haven't gotten to the angsty bit I mentioned yet, but I think the next chapter will at the very least lead into it.
. The body he inhabited had expressed some of the early signs of arousal- an increase in heart rate and respiration, a warm flush to his skin- but a key element was missing, unable to match hardness for hardness when standing pressed together from the groin up.
Cas was holding a mug of coffee at the table with Dean and Jack when Eileen and Sam finally made it into the kitchen for breakfast. He still didn’t eat much- everything tasting like molecules made for a less than pleasant experience- but he enjoyed the way the mug felt warm in his hands, so he’d still pour himself a mug each morning. Often he’d find Dean stealing sips of it instead of getting up to get himself a new cup of coffee, which was always an added bonus.
And Cas pulls out his phone, calls Hannah, and has her clear his schedule for the next few days. And then he texts his address to Dean. “It’s the same place”, he says, “but just in case you need the reminder. Come by whenever you’d like.”
Cas… well, he goes through the motions as well as he can. He’s already tired, but the hopelessness of knowing everything is fake drains him further, and there are some days that he can’t make himself get out of bed until Dean urges him.
Hello peeps! How is it? I thing I've got this thing capped out at 15 chapters, so now there's an end number, which is nice. Thanks for the comments and kudos so far, y'all rock!
“I’m——“ Dean coughs. “I’m real. We’re real. I don’t know what I did to make you think you’re… you’re back
At the far end of the lull in the river, near the tallest section of the dam, something splashes. Dean’s gaze slides over to the source of the sound, but he sees nothing.
“Okay,” Chuck says, stepping forward, one foot right in front of the other, until he’s right in front of Dean. “That was adorable.” He laughs, short and just shy of pitying.
He deposits it into the cup, and realizes that he didn’t really think this out very well. Or maybe he thought about it a little it too hard and fried all of his brain cells, because he has no idea how to start this.
That time had nearly torn Dean apart. It had nearly torn all of them apart, for that matter. Dean had thought they finished then. He’s halfway to thinking that now, too. The difference is, at the moment it’s just him and Sam, so they’re already halfway there.
That’s Dean’s breaking point. He likes to think that he kept himself under control until he was able to leave the room, but Cas probably wouldn’t have cared either way.
As they begin to walk, Cas starts giving off a blue glow. It streaks behind him, light and wispy, before dispersing into the air. Dean squeezes Cas’ hand to get his attention, and jerks his head towards the glow behind them.
This was supposed to come out about three days ago, but then my brain and life was just like no <3 so it didn't and I swear I'm gonna update on time next chapter.
He waves. They ask where Cas is, and Dean——for all he tries to do something else——starts to cry again. Not as violently as before, but it seems to get the point across.
Dean mimes dusting his hands off in grim satisfaction as he presents the long sought-after portal to Sam.
Try as he might, Sam will never be able to cook. Even with all of the pointers that Dean has given him over the years, he can barely boil water.
Dean wishes that he had packed the holy oil glasses, but, in his defense, he hadn’t known the damn bull-snake would be
He pats himself on the back for his handiwork, and grimaces as the KIA he had liberated from South Dakota comes into view. Sam shoots him a look that says
The title for this chapter is lyrics from 'Everything is Awful' by The Taxpayers. The entire band rocks so I recommend you give them a listen.
the same, but with Cas still in the empty, and Dean not even knowing if Cas still loves him (and if that love was even the kind Dean wants from Cas), everything is up in the air.
He keeps stacking papers. He’s spent hours gathering everything he can find on how to kill a god. It’s all stuff him, Sam, and Cas have gone through before, but there needs to be
And that's it! Comments and kudos are greatly appreciated, and thank you all for sticking with me though this!
They’re driving, just as Chuck had left them. Dean has proven to be very cooperative since Chuck knocked him out for thinking about Cas. No, it hadn’t been thinking——Dean had been
Something attacks Chuck from behind, and he has just enough time to see Dean turn left before his vision is obscured by his ‘grandson.’
It’s no matter. Chuck has beaten them there once, and he can do it again. This is just another speed bump.
In a dramatic sun of events, Dean Winchester is not dying. He is simply in an almost unimaginable amount of pain.
Sam nods tersely and looks around at the dilapidated area. “Should we call Jack?” He bites his lip and looks around again. “He’d want to know.”
“You think that’s funny?” Sam snaps. He knows that him and Dean are probably going through many of the same emotions, and neither of them are as levelheaded as they should be, but he can’t stop the bit of anger that creeps into his voice.
Jack knows that he should give his family’s resilience more credit, but he’s worried that Chuck is going to break them for good. He had very nearly shattered Dean completely before he had decided that Dean wasn’t necessary to the story and killed him. As of now, Jack doesn’t know how Sam and Dean are doing, but if their mental states from the last time he had seen them were any indicator, it can’t be good.
Dean had been created to fight monsters. But he insists on tears. It’s always been that way, and Chuck is starting to wish that he had written the Winchesters’ coding similar to the way he had the angels': without all those pesky emotions. It’s too late now, though. Maybe next time. After all, there is always another universe, but Chuck would like to see if he can save this one.
Whether he does or doesn’t know, Dean will find out where the door is eventually. That, or he’ll punch monsters until they tell him where it is.
They fall back into silence after that. Both of them are still too wired to sleep, so they just sit, zoned out and exhausted beyond reason, but unable to sleep. Either way, sleep would most likely result in nightmares.
He coughs, blinking away the blurriness in his vision as he’s led across the room, and guided into a chair. Breath——cold as anything he’s ever known——burns in his chest, and sucks in a deep breath to try to warm his constricted lungs. Gentle hands move from his shoulders to his arms, cheeks, and finally his back when Cas doubles over with hacking coughs.
He has no idea where he is, or how he came to be here——only that there are dead vamps all around him, a hole is speared through his chest, and that Sammy is crying. Blood bubbles in his punctured lungs as he struggles to take a breath, but the metal is buried too deeply in his body, and he’s too tired to force his lungs to cooperate. All Dean can manage is a weak gasp and a whimper that his ears refuse to process.
So yeah, Cas probably isn’t going to be getting up for a while, and when he does, Dean wouldn’t be surprised if he just stayed in bed.
Sam (the bitch) stops him, and Dean ends up hot-wiring a 2015 KIA, because what the hell is his life.
He chokes on sobs after he reaches the kitchen, and stays there long after he hears Cas get up and wander off. It’s a long time before stops, and a longer time before he crawls into bed next to an unresponsive Cas.
“I meant it,” Dean says. “And I… I should have said it before then.” He rolls his beer bottle between his hands. “I should have said it a long time ago.”
Thank you for reading! Comments and kudos are greatly appreciated and will be used to create more fun new words :3
And there you have it! The next chapter will be up in 3-4 days, or maybe sooner if I get a bit too excited about posting it :)
“Sam,” he gasps around the splintering agony encompassing his entire body. “Sam, are——are you okay?”
Sam and Jack are understandably worried when Dean shows up alone, arms and neck scratched bloody from a panic attack in the garage, and perfectly silent.
The funny thing is, even with the big bad defeated, Dean doesn’t feel much better. There’s some level of relief to be had, obviously, but it’s not enough to make him feel much more than barely okay.
Every night, Cas climbs into Dean’s bed, and Dean holds him until they fall asleep. It’s nice——it really is——but Cas can’t help the tears that threaten to creep up on him when he remembers that none of this is real, and it never will be. All the same, Cas manages to fall asleep next to Dean almost every night, and wakes up curled in his arms almost every morning.
He kicks off his shoes and lines them up neatly under Dean’s bed, then changes into the fuzzy green and black pants offered to him. After that, he steps away from the bed, and turns around to see Dean tugging his own shirt down.
There’s a soft splashing sound from behind Dean, and he spins around. Standing in front of him, in all of his trench-coated and blue-eyed glory, is Cas. Dean feels so relieved that he could cry.
Very possible, apparently, because Chuck has. Sam and Dean, despite all of Chuck’s attempts to find them, seem to have completely vanished.
One doesn’t exactly get tired in Purgatory, but Dean feels like he’s losing energy by the second. Every step seems to make his limbs heavier and heavier, but he ignores it. What matters now is finding the door back and, by default, earth.
They like hiding more than anything, it seems. Dean almost feels bad about going after them, when all they appear to want is to be left alone, but that sympathy disappears the second its den comes in sight.
Why does he bother trying to control himself when the one person who saw him as good is gone? Why not let the burning anger take him over?
Bobby had been next, and Dean had fully expected to get hit until he could barely breathe, but he hadn’t been able to hide anymore. Bobby needed to know this, and if he was disgusted by that, so be it. If Bobby was disgusted and reacted badly, Dean would know that there really was something wrong with him.
At this point Dean has turned away from Cas and started taking out his own set of clothes. Hesitantly, Cas slips out of his suit-jacket and sets it gently on Dean’s bed before stripping off his button-up, and then the shirt under that. He shivers and shrugs into the shirt that Dean loaned him. It’s soft and worn, and it smells like Dean.
Jack shrugs, and doesn’t wince, which is enough of an answer for Sam. “It doesn’t hurt much. I still don’t understand why you wanted to bandage it. I’m almost done healing.”
Cas is dizzy. He’s cold, and his eyes are watery with pain. He can barely see through the tears, and everything hurts.
Okay, so I actually have an explanation for why Jack isn't dead that I was too dumb to work into the fic, so I'm gonna put it here. The powers granted to Sam and Dean from the ophiotaurus only gave them the ability to kill
Sam wakes up to the rustling of books, and a very loud crash from down the hallway. He’s tired, the kind of tired that makes your head pound and leaves you sick to your stomach, but he gets up anyway. Something tells him that the thing that made that noise is Dean (and if it isn’t he should get up and check that out anyway) and Sam doesn’t feel like Dean should be left alone for too long.
“Figures,” Dean mumbles, leafing through pages again. “Anyway, montage.” He clears his throat dramatically, and reads.
Sam has apparently noticed the absence of monsters, or, at the very least, become concerned enough about it to point it out, because that’s exactly what he does.
Dean had blown up an entire lake and almost killed Jack and Sam less than five minutes after he had taken Amara’s power.
Bobby hadn’t reacted badly. Really, he had been more accepting than Dean could have ever hoped for. Dean had really needed that. He had needed to know that he wasn’t fucked in the head for being... for being who he was, and he had needed to know that Bobby wouldn’t treat him differently. He hadn’t, thank god, and had kept Dean’s secret as well as it could be kept.
Dean’s arms go limp, and his mouth opens and closes a couple times before his jaw goes slack, and his eyes roll back in his head. His legs twitch a few times, then go still, hopefully for the final time.
At least the landscape is slightly more diverse. The trees are different, and everything seems more natural. More wild.
People are scared of Dean now. They can sense his badness in the same way that Dean remembers being able to feel the inherent evil in Amara’s energy when she was near. As a result, they stay far away. Most of them, anyway. If they don’t avoid Dean, he hides from them as best he can without disappearing into some kind of other plane of existence. Maybe it’s that he doesn’t have many places to go, or maybe it’s that he doesn’t actually want to be alone, but he’s always found eventually. Usually by Sam, if he’s not busy solving the entirety of the earth’s problems, or Claire. Dean doesn’t understand why she worries, but some part of him appreciates it anyway.
Jack hopes that Dean sees him as a son, but sometimes it’s hard to tell, and Dean has said that he doesn’t think of Jack as family before. That had been a rough time for all of them, though, and the regret that had broadcasted from Dean after he had said that had been almost painfully strong, so Jack had no idea what Dean was thinking in that moment. Regardless: Dean
Instead of being what what Cas had believed he was, Dean has become the thing he hates the most. He’s nothing but anger, pain, and horrible, dark power. Time and time again, Dean has fucked up and broken and ruined things (
Charlie had known, too. She had taken it in stride when Dean told her, and given him a hug. At some point she had given him a little blue, pink, and purple pin, but Dean doesn't have the courage to put it anywhere, so it just stays tucked away in his drawer.
Dean whines——it’s really more of a whimper——at the sudden noise. His head aches, and everything is foggy around him. There’s a hand on his shoulder, shaking roughly, and it
(Chuck would much rather not go into detail on the ‘bad days.’ Dean shouldn’t be having them in the first place.)
Dean sighs around the tears clogging his throat, a sharp exhale of air with no tone, and grabs at his phone with an unsteady hand. Because he can’t think of anything else to do, he presses the ‘answer’ button, and Sam’s worried voice immediately fills the room, tinny, but all too loud.
Dean’s cheeks are wet with tears that sting the cuts on his face. He doesn’t think he can move. As it is, he’s still having trouble breathing, and everything is...
He’s shivering and shaking and everything hurts so badly that he wants to scream, but his jaw feels welded shut. And he’s tried. God, he’s so tired.
Sam had tracked down Eileen the morning after Cas had come back, and hadn’t come back for weeks. And when he had returned, Eileen was with him. Dean couldn’t remember the last time he had seen Sam so happy, and for so long. It only took a couple of months for Sam to almost completely move out of the bunker and join Eileen for what seemed like good. It’s been a while since then, and they still seem pretty happy together.
Sam sucks in a harsh breath, thinking back to the time between Chuck’s supposed defeat and Dean’s death. “A few months, at least. I thought you were acting weird for a few days, and then...” He squinted, thinking. “You were happier than I had seen you in ages. I guess that was someone else, though.”
Hours (days? Weeks?) later Dean is firmly set in a pattern of turning when prompted, and speeding up when he’s told. Sam hasn’t uttered a word in ages, and the radio continues to blare Zeppelin loud enough to hurt. Dean doesn’t think he’ll ever be able to listen to Kashmir again without wanting to throw up.
Dean can’t think about that now, though. He has a brother and a kid to feed, and that’s what he needs to focus on. He can deal with the feelings corroding his insides like battery acid later——his family comes first.
Claire had killed the djinn, hot wired the Impala (as you do), driven it back to Jody’s, and left it in the driveway for about 48 hours while she decided what to do next. What to do next, apparently, was to wash the car off, call Kaia, and sit in the kitchen for three hours awaiting her arrival.
The ophiotaurus howls, and falls limp over Dean. Its horns barely miss Dean’s head as they spear into the ground, and there’s a horrified shout from Sam before he realizes that his brother is okay.
Dean can’t dwell now, though. He needs to focus, and pull Cas out of the hell that he’s stuck in because Dean dared to make him fall.
Cas clears his throat, and swipes a hand across his face, which just serves to spread tears across his cheeks.
“That’s——uh——what I was thinking.” Dean bites the inside of his cheek in an attempt to stop himself from saying something stupid.
of talking. By the time Dean’s jaw goes slack again, he’s so close to death it doesn’t matter, and his body’s small act of resignation only serves to make Sam cry harder.
Michael betrays them because why the fuck not, but it’s okay because they had seen this coming. Is that a little sad? Maybe, but they were right, and that’s what matters.
It’s five minutes, and an untold number of sigils before Sam stops shaking. He manages to open his eyes——wide and scared——and makes a confused noise.
Dean forges ahead again, his feet tapping softly over the thick bed of pine needles. Despite not needing to sleep, he feels dead
But he still thinks that he has the right to be more than a bit nervous after what happened when he had come out to John a few days before his seventeenth birthday.
No. They’re not scared of Sam. They love him. Why wouldn’t they? He beat god——became him——became the miracle maker himself, and they love him. He’s kind——always was——even with all the power, and he’s actually able to
Once they’re sure that Chuck can’t find them, Sam takes off for the showers to wash away all of the blood that he’s accumulated throughout Heaven, Purgatory, and earth. Dean decides to hit the books, and only stops when Sam practically drags his half catatonic body out of the library and forces him to clean up.
His voice is raspy and quiet, so much so that Dean can barely hear it, and Dean walks closer, not just so that he can hear Cas more clearly. He’s drawn to Cas by an unmistakable feeling that he has always been too scared to vocalize. A thing that he’s been taught to push down, to ignore, to pretend that it doesn’t exist. A thing that he’s been told is a weakness (in a way, it is), and that it brings nothing but hurt and pain (it doesn’t).
its name——one last disappointed look before walking over to Cas. “You remember that book that Charlie sent us a few days ago?”
Sometimes Cas can’t sleep. He’ll lay in bed for a few hours, looking at nothing, before he finally gets up to leave the room. Usually, Dean wakes up and talks with Cas in an attempt to help him get to sleep, but Cas has managed to exit their room a couple times without waking Dean. Usually, he spends that time wandering the bunker.
The Winchesters have fought him, and their story——their destinies——at every available opportunity, and Chuck has finally gotten them to surrender. The accomplishment makes him smile, though it’s slightly difficult when the nephilim he’s trying to keep under wraps makes an attempt at taking back control of his body.
“There you are,” Sam says, squeezing Dean’s shoulder and hauling Dean into a sitting position. Dean curls in on himself as his empty stomach spasms, and he falls back against the floor. The Men of Letters archive book from earlier is right next to his face, still open to the page it had been before Dean’s impromptu nap. He shoves it at Sam, who looks down at it skeptically.
Even with Dean’s lack of articulation (and coordination, for that matter), the message seems to have gotten across nicely, because Sam raises his eyebrows in interest. “Huh.”
Dean blinks, and his eyelashes stick together. His stomach is churning and his body is vibrating with the urge to hide away from everything until he can regain his composure, but at the same time he just wants Cas to hold him until he feels safe again. Dean can’t do that, though. He can’t let himself lay in Cas’ arms because he’s tainted. Dirty.
In the end, Chuck ends up putting up enough walls in Dean’s mind to build an apartment building. (Which is kind of what he’s doing. He’s compartmentalizing so that Dean doesn’t have to. How thoughtful.)
(Not dead. He always comes back. Always has, always will. No matter what Sam——God says. But Sam is all-knowing, and if he tells Dean that Cas is gone——)
But, in the moment, it feels real enough to Dean to ease the persistent ache in his chest, if only a little.
Dean squints at Cas in the faint light, and opens his mouth to say something, which is exactly when Cas manages to push past his reservations and wrap his hands around Dean’s neck.
“It’s okay,” Dean says in a dazed tone of voice. “You didn’t know.” He takes another couple steps forward.
“No.” Dean shakes his head. “No. Whatever you do, don’t call Jack.” He breathes as deeply as he can in an attempt to get rid of the ever-present taste of fresh blood in his mouth. He’s bleeding again. They don’t have much time. “Because that thing——what you think is Jack——it ain’t him.”
He blinks, and tears cascade down his cheeks. They run along Dean’s already tearstained jawline, and land on his jacket, above the handprint. The noise coming from Dean’s still-ringing phone is the only sound he can seem to hear; even his own panicked breathing and the erratic
That round ends with Dean staring blankly at nothing and mumbling Enochian. It’s sad, really, how breakable Dean is——both mentally and physically. Chuck had tried to write out most of Dean’s mental issues early on, before the Winchesters had caught onto his meddling. But over time, and without proper maintenance, the walls hiding them have broken down somewhat, and the more Chuck tries to work around all of the feelings Dean has connected to Castiel, the more disastrous things seem to become. Castiel has managed to weave his presence into nearly every nook and cranny of Dean’s brain, and trying to cut the angel out of anything only makes Dean worse. That doesn’t stop Chuck from continuing to try, though.
Dean takes a deep breath, unclenches his fists, and let’s the anger flow like water through a river. He’ll break things, wake people up, make the Shadow mad. Then it won’t have any choice but to let Dean take Cas and——
Cas lets himself stare. It’s not creepy——it can’t be when none of it is real——so he allows himself to look. He’ll enjoy it while he can, before the illusion inevitably takes a turn for the worst.
Sam is right. Of course he is. He’s always been the smart one for a reason. Dean never has been, and he never will be.
“I’m gonna pass out in a few minutes,” Dean says, clearly fighting off a yawn as he steps next to his bed. “So,” he pulls back the covers on his bed, sits on it, and scoots in towards the middle a bit. “Sleep. C’mere.”
She looks up from her book——some shitty romance paperback that probably belongs so Cas——and waves a bit. She looks awkward, like she’s not quite at home yet, and that makes Dean kind of sad, but it’s a lot to get used to.
Two hunters——tired and more beaten-down than a person should be able to be——against a corrupted god who happens to be wearing the face of the closest thing either of them will ever have to a kid. It physically hurts.
Dean reaches inside of his jacket and grips his angel blade with a blood-slick hand. He should fling it into Chuck’s throat, and call it a day. Theoretically, that could do it, but the idea of spearing Jack through the neck without even giving him a chance to escape from Chuck’s control seems inhumane. Instead, the angel blade hits home in Chuck’s shoulder. If they’re lucky, that will throw Chuck off long enough for Jack to at least make an attempt at taking back his body.
He rubs at his tired-sore eyes, and closes the door behind himself, before leaning back against it. Sam and Jack keep going, most likely to finish patching Jack’s injuries up, and then find something for the poor kid to eat. He hadn’t been able to heal every cut and bruise inflicted upon him, but he had done enough so that he was no longer in danger of imminent death. The wound he had from the angel blade was the worst by far, but the blow that had finished Chuck off had healed relatively quickly and cleanly.
“Don’t worry about it,” Dean murmurs, raising his hand, and pulling Cas’ hand away from Dean’s neck. He steps away, and lets go of Cas’ hand. Dean clears his throat, and winces. “You’re back, and that’s what matters.”
By the time that Dean comes back from Jack’s room, Cas has moved to the main room, and Sam is gone. Asleep. Hopefully peacefully. He needs some uninterrupted rest for once in his life.
Sam is still upright, but he looks weak, like he could fall over at any minute. He locks eyes with Dean for a moment, and Dean can see that Sam’s eyes are filled with tears. Dean’s eyes are, too, and a kind of numb sadness starts to spread through his body.
There’s a quiet jingling sound as Miracle pads into the room——ever cheerful——and weaves her way between Dean and Cas’ dangling legs. Cas reaches down to pet her. Dean is so damn glad that he hadn’t lost the dog, among other things.
“I have to,” Jack insists. His eyes are bright with determination, and just a hint of worry. He takes a deep breath. “The sooner we do this, the better. If I can open the door, you have ten, maybe twenty minutes to find Cas before it closes again.” Eyes dark, he looks at Dean. “Forever.”
Cas was immediately taken by her, and had ended up sitting on the floor with Miracle on his lap, panting happily as Jody grilled Dean on everything that had happened. It had taken hours, but Jody wouldn’t let them go with a halfhearted explanation. That had mildly annoyed Dean at first, but it had ended up being oddly therapeutic. Go figure.
If you liked it please drop a comment or a kudo. They make me go absolutely feral, and wouldn't you want to see that?
With the threat of the world ending gone, a weight had been lifted from Dean’s shoulders, and it had taken a couple of months of panicked nights and reassurances that everyone was still alive to and from everyone on the board, but eventually Dean had been able to let himself start to smile again.
Dean shakes his head sharply——Sam shouldn’t spend energy worrying about him when he’s fine——and folds his arms when Sam’s worried look stubbornly stays. He doesn’t know enough signs to properly explain everything (not that he’s exactly sure what’s happening anyway. Everything feels like it’s under a fog.) so he just repeats himself. He can explain everything later when he has a pen and paper.
Maybe Dean should have told Sam what he was going to do before he was five minutes away from disappearing into the mouth of the empty, possibly never to be seen again.
happen——because, as far as Dean knows, no one has made any deals, and god is still dead, but anything is possible.
Sam is passed out cold in his bedroom. He’s earned a rest, and after Cas’ return, all energy had seemed to drain from his body, and he had barely made it back to his bed before passing out. Jack had been nearly unconscious by the time Dean and Cas had managed to pass through the door, but had managed to stay awake just long enough to give Cas a hug. Dean had carried the kid to his room while Sam and Cas had gotten reacquainted. He was dead asleep, and hadn’t so much as stirred when Dean had tucked him under a blanket.
Thanks for reading! Comments and kudos are greatly appreciated and will be placed into a ten gallon tank so they have plenty of room to swim around.
It’s almost like they never died in the first place. They’re still cooped up inside, what with not being able to leave their carefully warded home without Chuck crushing bones to death. It’s terrifying, of course, but it’s a steady terror, and Dean acclimates to it easily. Of course, food is going to run out eventually, but Dean has gone days without eating before, and he can do it now.
Cas doesn’t react. He’s hugging Dean, but other than that, it’s like he doesn’t even notice Dean is there. Even in Dean’s dreams, he can’t get through to Cas.
“Cas?” He asks in a raspy voice. “You——you’re awake?” He reaches out and lays his hand over top one of Cas’. Cas looks down at it, notes the IV stuck into his arm, and adds that to the list of ‘things that the Shadow is doing new this time around.’ It usually doesn’t care much for realism, unless it causes Cas excruciating pain, but right now Cas is more tired than anything.
Well, Dean drives alright. He drives and drives and drives through Heaven with seemingly no end in sight. He doesn’t want to drive. He still barely understands how and why he came to be here. Pain, blood, Sam crying, and then...
forest, and maybe it’s because of his previous experiences in Purgatory, but Dean can’t stand large amounts of nature for too long.
baby, though), and more just keeps coming. Dean takes eight right turns in a row, but still manages to find new terrain. At least he’s getting the lay of the land.
“I’m getting you put of here,” Dean says, halfway between a cough and a and a whisper. His throat aches, and he’d rather sign the words, but it’s too dark to see his hands well, and it doesn’t look like Cas’ eyes are tracking quite right.
need to explain it to Cas, too, because they’re getting Cas back. It doesn’t matter if Cas hates him for the rest of eternity after he learns about what Dean will no doubt have to do to Jack. Cas will be/here to be angry at Dean, though, and that’s what matters.
Dean starts moving. He leaves the safety of the warm light, and walks into the darkness, going where his feet lead him. He has no direction, no way of knowing where Cas is, or how to wake him up. The aching hole in his heart pulls him to the left.
Cas matches Dean’s breaths, but by the time he’s started to calm down Dean is awake and mumbling Cas’ name in a way so worried and
(Bruises everywhere. Busted lips. Cracked ribs. A shoulder that felt like it would never work the same. And a couple days later, a hunt, tailored to tell Dean exactly what would happen to him if he kept being who he was.)
He adjusts his grip on the steering wheel and presses down harder on the gas pedal. His shoulders are so tense they hurt. It’s a deep, aching throb that cramps his muscles, but he ignores it as well as he can. At least the gradually increasing muscle pain distracts him from his worst thoughts.
Dean wants to cry in relief, but what he does instead is nod slightly, and walk the last dozen or so feet to the door with Cas next to him. Their hands are still linked, and the calloused skin of Cas’ hand in Dean’s might be the only thing keeping Dean tethered to reality.
Dean sets his jaw and watches the far wall as Jack begins to focus on the opposite wall. Nothing happens for long enough that Dean wants to give up, but then he hears a
When his vision returns, so does most of his awareness. Hot blood is running down his side, and there’s so much, more than Dean expected from a scratch, but he supposes that Chuck is still doctoring reality enough to hurt them more than they should be.
Cas appears seemingly out of nowhere. He looks tired——exhausted, actually——and a bit miserable, but Dean has never been more happy to dream about him. Cas looks around like he can’t see Dean, and slouches into himself. The shadows of the empty creep into his eyes, darkening them and draining them of their formally hopeful shine.
Dean thinks back to the rest of his time in Heaven, then to what he can remember of what had happened after Chuck.
Okie dokie, end chapter two! We'll get to Heaven next chapter, and the plot will really start to move.
Night never falls in purgatory. Not really, anyway. It just becomes more and more dusky, and eventually lightens back to a disgustingly overcast sky. There’s no sun, no warmth either, just cold, greyish misery.
Dean is surrounded by nothingness. It’s pitch black, rolling and eternal, as far as he can see. Or, well, can’t see. It’s hard to tell if his eyes are open or closed. He feels kind of shaky, but pushes it down, pushes down the dread pooling in his stomach, and calls out.
It’s no easy task to break into the empty. Dean knows this because he’s spent the last two months doing almost nothing but looking for a way to bring Cas back.
“Think about it,” Dean says quietly, keeping his eyes on the road. “He’d have made Heaven better than this. We’ve just been driving, ever since you got here——ever since
But then, suddenly, Sam is behind him, and Dean feels marginally better. At least he has his brother.
A wide grin spreads across Dean’s face, and he picks up the book, then starts for the door. “Way ahead of you, buddy.”
And (when Dean can let himself admit it) it’s the kind of life that he deserves. The kind of life they all deserve. After so many years of apocalypses, losses, and pain, they deserve a bit of a rest.
A huge smile breaks out across Dean’s face. “I missed you,” he says quietly, like he’s scared he’ll break the illusion if he speaks too loudly, and considering the way that the Shadow has ended illusions before, it’s a possibility.
The woods get thicker as they walk, and the pain in Dean’s leg lessens slightly. Then it gos almost completely numb, so that could mean it’s getting worse. Knowing his luck, that probably means it’s getting worse.
They take out the IV, disconnect the monitors, and Cas almost looks like himself again. Yeah, he’s human, and a little pale, but he’s
That——apparently——is not a good look, and will probably get him arrested, so he’s staying in the alleyway and awaiting his brother’s return. That, and wondering what the actual hell has happened since Chuck speared him through the spine.
“This is bullshit,” Dean grumbles, not for the first time. His dull, tired eyes scan the forest as he talks. “All these damn trees look the same.” He sighs. “Couldn’t Chuck have stuck the door in a more
The radio cuts out, as does the engine, and the car slides to a rubber-burning stop amid an oddly glitchy looking wave of dust.
after he has a nightmare——and when he does speak, there’s no emotion behind it. For all intents and purposes, Cas is hollow.
It’s been a few hours since Cas came back, and things are surprisingly calm. Sam and Eileen had gone off to bed after they were certain that Cas we okay, and now Cas is alone with Dean. They’re sitting close, next to each other in the slightly uncomfortable chairs at one of the tables in the main area of the bunker. There’s so much that Cas wants to say, but he doesn’t know where to start.
of here, and we can get back to earth from there.” Dean trips over his feet and grabs onto a tree for support. Sam winces in sympathy. “And once we’re back on earth, we can nuke Chuck’s ass for real.”
“About what you said. Before. In the dungeon.” He clears his throat. “You can have me. You’ve always had me.” He swallows roughly, and shoves aside the rising panic forming in his chest. “I love you, too.”
He can’t back out now, especially with Chuck looking like he’s out for blood. Blue-white light oozes from the hole in his shoulder, and he hefts his own weapon, eyes ablaze with anger. Chuck has almost always portrayed himself as either all-powerful, or not an issue worth considering, but this time is different.
It’s spreading, so happy to be free after months of containment, and Dean can’t quite stop it all. The chair bolted to the center of the room crumples like a soda can, and Dean presses himself into the floor as the sound shrieks in his ears. Sam’s head whips towards the sound, and his eyes flash with something that could be called fear.
Chuck doesn’t think he’s ever seen Dean look so scared. In the few seconds that he’s back in control, all he seems to be able to do is attempt to focus on Sam’s teary face, and try to breathe as confused thoughts rattle around inside his fractured mind.
“I told Mom——Mary——about...” Dean gestures between himself and Cas. “Us. This. She didn’t——um——she didn’t take it great.”
Dean stumbles through the door, jerks his hand from Cas’, and pinwheels his arms to stay on his feet. Luckily, he manages to avoid crashing to the floor, and has just regained his footing by the time Cas crashes into the bunker, and Dean’s chest in an entirely uncoordinated way. Dean grabs Cas under the arms before he can topple to the ground completely, and pulls him into a standing position.
Dean’s not exactly sure what Sam’s trying to do, but it doesn’t work, because all Sam does is swear loudly. Dean clutches his aching head, and curses whoever made coming back to life so difficult.
He hadn’t wanted to. He had needed to, but he shouldn’t have, because sleeping means dreaming, and dreaming means that Dean can’t escape what he want himself to see.
That’s not normal. That’s not right. Familiar, warm dread settles in Dean’s chest, and he glances over at Sam to see his brother sporting an expression that looks not much different from how Dean feels.
Dean steps back, and uses one of his hands to tip Cas’ head up slightly, until his eyes are level with Dean’s. “It’s me. Cas, you’ve got to believe me.”
He steps over Sam again, and glances at the clock as he walks over to the grimy window. 10:30 at night. Not exactly morning, but whatever. At least Dean needs to pay attention to time now, because he’s
Then Chuck shows up——again, according to plan——and proceeds to beat the living shit out of Sam and Dean. Sam makes pained noises, and laughs when he knows he’s won, but Dean doesn’t so much as whimper when god fractures his jaw.
“No!” Dean shakes his head and steps back. “No! I just... I just need to deal with her.” He forces a smile. “She’ll warm up to it eventually. I mean, she’s stuck with us, right?”
One of Dean’s arms is slung around Cas’ chest, and their legs are tangled together under the blankets. If Cas goes still, he can feel Dean breathing, slow and deep, against his back.
There’s a warm body half-draped over Cas, and he tilts his head slightly to the side——mindful of his stiff neck——before looking over to find Dean, who is loosely gripping one of Cas’ hands, and has his head pillowed on Cas’ chest. Dean looks so peaceful like this, though his face is still slightly pinched in worry.
At this point, he’s just relieved that Sam has Eileen, and that they’re happy. They deserve to be, after everything they’ve been through.
Dean had been frustrated with the amount of trees in Heaven, but purgatory is no better. It’s worse, actually, because it’s
Sam walks through the door anyway. Dean follows, a smug grin on his face as he passes through the portal.
The doors are locked——of course they are——but Dean’s paranoia is routine enough that Heaven has manifested a gun in the (thankfully unlocked) glove compartment. Dean blasts the lock until is snaps, and the door falls open. He kicks it until the hinge breaks, and scrambles out on heavy limbs.
and Jack--while god was possessing his body--isn't god. So, basically, as soon as Chuck kicked it, the powers that injured Jack's body were pretty much useless because there was no longer a god in his meatsuit. Does that make sense? It does to me.
It reaches out, and Cas can’t move as it presses its palm to his forehead. A peaceful, numb coolness spreads throughout Cas’ body, and his eyes roll back into his head. Cas can feel himself dropping to his knees, and then he knows no more.
Somewhere in Heaven——both Dean and Sam have long since lost track of where——there’s a tree. Huge, wide, and rotted through the center. A hole in the trunk is just large enough for Sam to squeeze through. It’s what the scrying spell had shown them, and they run through it without a second thought.
Dean’s (the empty’s approximation of Dean, anyway) arms tighten around Cas, and Cas can’t stop himself from hugging back.
Suddenly, everything seems kind of far away and floaty. Unreal. “Cas, we can fix this, I promise,” Dean rasps.
There it is. Dean blinks back the tears that are trying to form in the corners of his eyes, and swallows down the lump in his throat. He doesn’t have an answer.
All that Chuck’s ending is——everything that god’s perfect, inescapable plan has become——is just dust in the wind.
He’s written down anything with promise, but can’t find a solid lead. At least not one that is doable with the resources that Dean has access to now. At least he can call on Sam to recite any necessary spells. At this point, it’s hard for Dean to even think about talking that much. He’s been silent for so long; it would probably hurt to say anything at this point.
Dinner is a quiet affair. No one talks beyond the tired, mumbled greetings exchanged when Sam and Jack make their appearance. Dean mostly picks at his food, and Sam does much the same, but Jack seems to have an appetite, at least.
It will obviously take a while for everyone to calm down from this, but Dean feels like something inside of him is hollowed out and broken. It hurts.
“Cas.” His voice is softer this time, packed with emotions and overflowing with things that he had been too frozen to say earlier. Yes, they’re pressed for time, but that doesn’t stop Dean from crushing Cas in a hug so tight that it nearly knocks the breath out of both of them, and maybe Dean is crying a bit, but he thinks he’s earned it. Cas, on the other hand, seems damn near hysterics. He had looked shocked and a little confused when Dean had turned to see him, but now he’s downright terrified.
Making doubly sure that the breaks are on, Dean turns the car off, and tries to catch his breath. He shivers, despite the heat of the ‘day,’ and unclips his seatbelt.
Dean takes a deep breath to calm himself down, and walks into the kitchen, steps light and cautious.
Because Chuck couldn’t be bothered to give a shit about Purgatory. To Chuck, Purgatory is nothing more than a dumping ground for things he regrets, which is the exact reason it's safe.
“Right.” Dean steps back from Cas. “And we’ve gotta move, because the door back home isn’t going to stay open much longer.”
At the moment, purgatory is at its darkest, and the whole landscape is awash in gray. It’s like a crappy black and white movie, and it might as well be from the silent era, because it’s quiet as a tomb, and has been for hours.
Cas groans weakly, and leans into Dean. Cas’ eyes are shut in a way that says he’s in pain, but Dean can’t see any visible marks on Cas, and counts them both lucky for that.
Still, for whatever reason, Sam and Dean refuse to be happy. They refuse to be satisfied with what Chuck offers them, and that makes Chuck angry.
They had gotten to Jody’s at about noon, but didn’t manage to leave until past seven. And when they did leave, Dean had upgraded from the passenger’s seat of Cas’ Pimpmobile to the driver’s seat in the Impala.
Dean reaches out, shakes Cas’ shoulders roughly, and Cas makes a small, annoyed noise before cracking open his eyes, just slightly. All the air rushes from Dean’s body, and he shakes Cas again. Cas coughs, and looks up at Dean with glazed, half-lidded eyes.
Sam wraps up a cut on his arm by himself. It’s not big, but it’s deep enough to warrant a bandage, and might leave a scar. Jack watches, sort of dull-eyed and tired. He looks almost numb. Shock, maybe. No doubt, the kid has seen some shit in the past few months, and it’s going to take him a while to come back to himself.
Dean doesn’t want to talk. He doesn’t even know if he will be able to force the words out, so he just points at the ophiotarusus’ entry. Or tries to, anyway. His hand refuses to cooperate, and he just ends up smacking the book.
He pulls out a... He’s almost certain it’s a section of intestine, and it immediately splits into pieces. It’s disgusting, but he has it, and that’s all he needs, so he holds it against his chest, and walks over to Sam, who is trying to coax a small fire into a blaze large enough to burn the entrails. He dumps some more lighter fluid onto the pile of burning sticks, and the flames leap higher.
Cautiously, Sam steps forward, keeping the hand his angel blade is in forward, in case of... well, anything. Chuck stays where he is, his stance tense. He’s trying to retain the illusion of power, of invincibility, but the effect is lost on account of the gaping hole in his shoulder.
Sighing, Chuck boards up the door between Heaven and Purgatory as best he can. He hadn’t wanted things to turn out like this, but maybe it was time that Sam and Dean be retired even from
That’s not what Dean says, though. Instead. He just whispers “no” in a teary voice, and bites back the tears that threaten to spill over.
Baby is missing, for one. As is Miracle, and that freaks Dean out more that he cares to admit. He’s never been a dog person, but the idea of losing
Shitty paper straws aside, Dean continues to scribble. He’s halfway through some of Cas’ notes, and this portion is written in Enochian. Cas tends——
actually a djinn’s poison that did the work). They’re his favorite characters——some of his most treasured, entertaining creations——why wouldn’t he want them to be happy?
Despite the falsity of it all, Cas’ heart never fails to soar when he hears that, even though he knows the real Dean would never say it. Hollow joy aside, Cas doesn’t visibly react to Dean’s words in the slightest. He should be upset at himself for staying silent, and putting another worried look on Dean’s face, but he just can’t bring himself to care.
It continues to be so for several more, and Dean doesn’t mind that. He doesn’t think he could talk if he tried.
Sam just looks plain disgusted, but that is slightly offset by the fact that his daughter has started chewing on the collar of his flannel. The velvet scrunchie pulling his hair back doesn’t help his somewhen serious expression either.
“Save me from self-sacrificing Winchesters with martyr complexes- I know your name is Jack Kline but you are definitely a Winchester with that attitude!” For all that he was completely sincere about the sentiment, he tried to smile and inject some humor into the exchange. “I have to be careful or else next thing I know, you and Claire will be taking turns calling up crossroads demons to bring the other back in exchange for your souls.”
Cas rested his hand on Dean’s shoulder- not in any attempt to stop Dean’s fidgeting, just to provide comfort- and Dean looked up at his friend with a grateful smile. “Do you really want to take it back, though? At the time, it sounded like you were being completely honest. This might have been something that needed to be said.”
Over the years, he’d gotten better about personal space, about standing or walking too close to Dean, but something about the new body he was in made it difficult. His path drifted significantly as he and Dean continued down the hallway- sometimes too close to Dean, and sometimes far enough away that it’s uncomfortable. At the foot of the stairs, he glanced up at Cas.
Sylvia approached then, giving his outfit an appraising look. “This is already looking a lot better than that sundress, huh? So- how long have you two been together?”
And they eat dinner together. Cas made the meal Dean showed him, full of nervous energy in anticipation of their conversation. They hadn’t made specific plans to meet that night, but he’d hoped, and even if Dean hadn’t made it there that night, well, that meal was what he made whenever he was really missing Dean.
to do with a kid, and I know I still get it wrong sometimes but I try my best.” As Dean rocked Jack back and forth, Cas rested his head forward on Dean’s shoulder.
It had started with the coat check- Dean’s keys, wallet, and cellphone were in the pockets of his jacket, and he didn’t have an alternate place to keep them on his own person. Even if they hadn’t driven the Impala to the restaurant, Cas knew that Dean still liked having the keys close at hand, and the wallet and the cellphone were also fairly comforting items to hold on to. Thankfully, his own pockets were deep and numerous that he could hold onto those things for Dean, but it had still made Dean a bit uncomfortable.
Cas let himself be pulled down into the kiss. At first, it was just a chaste press of lips, but he gasped at even that contact, encouraging Dean. He dragged his right hand down to Dean’s shoulder, and put his left hand on Dean’s hip, and stepped even closer, closing what little gap remained between them. The pressure of Dean’s teeth teasing at his lower lip made him moan before turning the tables, nipping at Dean’s lips and down his jawline to his neck, clutching him tight and holding him close and relatively immobile. Dean’s hands were hard at work unbuttoning Cas’s shirt- and Cas stepped back just enough to tug the suspenders off of his shoulders so that he could shrug shirt off properly, trying to stay close enough to continue pressing eager kisses to Dean’s skin.
They stood there for a moment, holding one another. The physical contact was soothing. He wasn’t used to it. With Charlie around, he was a little more comfortable with physical affection- and he’d done his best to do right by Jack in that regard- but otherwise he’d gotten used to getting his need for physical touch met through his random hookups. Not that he did that much anymore, not since... But here- Rowena was offering comfort with no strings attached, just holding him. It was nice.
Few people could make Dean feel safe enough to leave the bunker without a weapon. Castiel was apparently one of them.
Cas shifted uneasily. Her observation was very much in line with his own- Dean was very much known for his emotional reticence and aversion to “chick-flick moments”, but since the spell had been cast Dean had been more vulnerable and honest about his pain than Cas had seen over the twelve years they’d known each other. “I.. I think that something about the spell is making these things easier for him to say. I think these are things he’s needed to say for a long time. And… under literally any other circumstance, I would take his ability and willingness to talk about this as a good sign, so it is my hope that ultimately, this will be good for him.”
“I don’t know that ‘fancy’ would be the right approach; Dea- Dee’s idea of a perfect meal is a good burger, with pie for dessert.” But Cas smiled. “But…
“Hey, Charlie! Thanks for taking everything to the car. What do you think?” Cas watched as Dean turned his head back and forth, swishing his hair. “I gotta admit, it’s neat having a bit of length; I can almost see what Samantha likes about it.”
Dean closed his eyes and took a deep breath, which seemed to settle him. It was still startling for Castiel to see his radiant soul shining out of a feminine vessel, but that moment alone was enough to make it look just the slightest bit more harmonious. “Nah, Cas, we’re here already, let’s give this a shot. I’m not leaving here until I’ve at least seen the dessert menu to find out if they have any pie worth trying.”
Sam’s quizzical expression made Dean grin. “Because even with those four years of college away from me and dad under your belt, we’ve had a pretty damn codependent dynamic for a long time. It’s still not the healthiest, but it’s better than it might’ve been if you hadn’t left. Without that time apart- I feel like it would have gotten a lot worse- either we would have gotten even deeper in each other’s pockets, or...”
“That makes sense. I hope so too.” With that, Eileen stepped over to where Rowena and Sam were continuing to talk. At his side, Jack tugged at his sleeve.
On the table next to his plate, Dean’s phone flashed with an alert, and he glanced away from his food and his brother. “Ooh, Charlie’s here, I’m gonna let her in!” But as he stood up from the table, he lost his balance, and latched onto Cas’ shoulder for support. His skin burned under Dean’s hand, and he almost felt like he’d have a handprint seared into him the way he’d inadvertently done to Dean all those years ago.
Over the course of the dinner- which Cas picked at, generally passing the remainder of each course over to Dean once he’d cleared his own plate- Dean relaxed more and more. This would have been a good thing, except that Dean grew louder and more exuberant when he relaxed, and they started catching the attention of the other guests. Nothing too severe, but enough that he had to bring it to Dean’s attention. “Dean. As much as I love it when you tell the Vetala story, I don’t think everyone else here would agree.”
Charlie stood a step back and looked Dean up and down. “It does suit you. You really are, like, unfairly pretty.” Cas watched on in confusion as Charlie and Dean looked each other in the eyes. There was a moment of tension, then- “yeah, no you’re still a dude, I’m still a lesbian, and on top of all that you’re like my brother. I can admit you’re kinda hot like this but if you want to try out the equipment I am
He held her closer, tears pricking at his eyes. “That… that’s the kind of thing I’ve always wanted and never gotten, you know. Someone pushing past it, and sticking with me. Everyone leaves, Rowena. And I just push them away because I can’t ask them to stay even when it’s all that I want.”
Later that afternoon, Dean pulled Rowena aside in the Library. “Listen, I think I’m having an unexpected side effect to the spell too. Like Cas with his, with his wings,” he stuttered, “but mine’s a bit less… physical.”
“Cas. You’re my best friend. You’re a fucking Seraph, one of the most badass angels I’ve ever met, and you know me better than anyone else but Sammy. Or… no, actually, you might know me even better than he does at this point.” Dean pulled his fingers through his hair and gave Cas a crooked smile. “Please. Having you there will make this easier.” He reached out to where Cas stood, shifting uncertainly from foot to foot.
“Fuck!” He punched the wall of the Library, then dragged his hands down his face, relishing the sting. “Rowena, I don’t want this to go away”, he begged, eyes wild and voice raw. “Most of the time it feels like- like I have this burning cage around my thoughts, keeping me from talking or thinking about these things, because it hurts. I know it’s a problem, but I can’t do anything about it most of the time. But now- Rowena, this has been a fun vacation off in gender-land for me, but I gotta go home at some point, you know? And Cas- you know it’s not even a vacation for him, he hates this, and there’s nothing I can think of to make it any better for him. There’s… There’s always a catch. And it’s looking like, right now, the catch is that we can either have the body that fits right and feels comfortable, or we can be the ‘better versions of ourselves we’d given up on’, or whatever- but we can’t have both at once, and I hate that.”
He could feel Cas come up behind him, then he knelt next to Dean and laid a hand on his shoulder. “Jack… Why didn’t you say something?”
“Is that so? Well then, Handmaiden, let’s get you set up with something fun to wear for the next few weeks!”
More focused on Dean’s safety than on finishing the job of washing the car, Cas pulled Dean off the hood and got him standing on his own two feet, flushing with exertion and a little embarrassment. Once they were both standing and stable, though, neither of them stepped away from their rather intimate position, Cas crowding Dean into the side of the vehicle, their chests nearly touching. Cas raised a hand to tuck the loose strands of hair behind Dean’s ear- and Dean closed his eyes and leaned into the touch with a shudder.
It was weirder yet to realize that part of the appeal of wearing panties in the past was the way they’d looked and felt around his dick: soft material rubbing against the sensitive skin, his swollen head leaking a visible spot into the fabric, his cock straining at the material and distorting the lines of the garment. Right now, it just looked like clothes. When he was his normal self, it looked… naughty. And he’d liked it. And now he missed how that felt.
It was weird hearing that level of trepidation from a man in his mid thirties, but it made sense with how severe their fight had been. Dean waited for a moment, expecting to be overcome with the same rage and grief that had fueled his outburst and encouraged him to avoid Sam in the first place, but instead he felt a warm wave of relief.
“It’s alright. I… I didn’t realize you needed help getting dressed- Jack made breakfast, I wanted to let you know.”
“How romantic! So- are you going to take her on a fancy date, now that you can dress like yourself?”
“Maybe I do! Maybe I want to know why I had to fight so hard just to go to freakin’ college, while you were desperate to keep me with you and Dad, but the moment Jack says something about wanting to be a kid, you’re talking about- about school districts!” For a moment, the hurt in Sam’s eyes almost made Dean back down, but he steeled himself, straightening out his shoulders and standing as tall as he could in his current diminutive form.
“Of course you’re invited- having you there is gonna make this easier, if nothing else. Why wouldn’t I want you there?”
The affection felt warm like the cup of coffee he didn’t drink, and like Dean preferring to steal sips of it instead of getting his own.
“Rowena. I think it might be best to reconvene research as a group sometime tomorrow at the earliest.” At her nod, he headed over to where Jack was sitting. Rowena continued talking to Sam in a hushed, soothing tone of voice, but he paid no further attention to her. As he reached Jack, Eileen came up beside him.
as he hit a streetlight and landed on the pavement. Cas rushed to Dean’s side and picked him up, desperate to get him back to the bunker-
“Ah. Yeah, I’ll be fine, just give me a moment to find my bearings”, came the flustered reply. “I’m still not used to being this fricken tiny, man.”
Cas patted his pockets and found Dean’s cell phone and the coat check ticket. “Here, call the cab for us, I’ll grab your jacket.”
“...I see.” Cas turned his head to Sylvia, who had been watching the pair with a small smile on her face. “Very well. Nothing is comfortable, I don’t know my size, and I’m finding it very hard to find any clothing that appeals to me. I’m not good at shopping for clothing as it is.”
“No, I’m pretty sure none of the other angels are experiencing this, I think it’s just Cas and myself!” Jack’s excited chatter caught everyone’s attention. “Isn’t it great? I must admit, I didn’t realize this was likely to happen when I made the spell in the first place, but after some of the translation work we did today, it makes perfect sense that this would be one of the results!”
In addition to calling him ‘sweetheart’, though, Dean had been referring to him as male. Technically, as an Angel, he was a multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent, and existed outside the concept of gender aside from whatever vessel he wore for the comfort of the humans he was around. Technically, he’d worn a female vessel many times before, and had never experienced any discomfort with it previously. But being referred to as male even in this form that was so feminine- it eased an ache he didn’t know he’d been carrying since Jack’s miscast spell had transformed them all. Dragged along by the associate to other sections of the clothing department, Cas made sure to share a look of abject gratitude with Dean, following alongside them.
Dean’s smile widened. “Good, good.” With a gentle squeeze, he let go of Cas’ hand. “That’s all I wanted.”
And then he noticed something out of the corner of his eye, and when he turned his head to look, he found himself shaking long blonde hair out of his face.
Dean glanced down at his outfit- a dress, no pockets, no purse. Right. Charlie had everything, including his phone and his wallet. “Right. I guess that’s one more thing I need to make sure we grab before we go- something to make up for this abysmal lack of pockets everywhere. Seriously, what gives?!”
“I’ll probably grab a book. Even with all of the pop culture that Metatron dropped into my head, reading and watching things helps it get settled enough for me to understand it better. You said the movies we watched the other night were based on books?”
But their bodies were different, even if their selves were the same as they’d always been, and he kept wanting to claw his way out of the flesh he’d been imprisoned in. This soft body, with its curves and femininity, didn’t belong to him.
So on the one hand, Dean is much smaller than usual and isn't used to fighting right now. Oops! On the other hand, Cas has his wings back- yay!
Cas smiled. “Yes, there are adequate pockets in this, and Charlie has informed me that I look ‘dapper’. I should be able to take my angel blade to dinner just fine in this- do you have a good way to bring a weapon with you?”
ALSO! Y'all might be noticing a username change! I've had the LadySilvrene handle for over half my life and over the past year I went from "I get dysphoria from the fact that people will read "Lady" and infer things about my gender, but like, this has been my handle for so long so I don't get dysphoria from the handle itself" to "nope nope nope time to change that, change it everywhere". Mdmsr stands for "Madamonsieur" since I don't like Mx as a gender neutral honorific.
“Are you sure?” Dean reached up and fiddled with the suspenders Sylvia had found for his current outfit, a slight flush on his face. “I
conceal weapons on their person, even in formalwear, all of his favorite weapons were a bit oversized for any of the methods of concealment he could think of. “I still haven’t figured out how to deal with that, man, but it’s just dinner, what could possibly go wrong? Besides- I’ve got you to watch my back?”
“It ain’t flattery if it’s the truth. Charlie, you terrify me, there is no way I’m getting on your bad side.”
One of Cas’ hands drifted up to hold Dean’s where it rested against his chin, and his smile was soft and tentative, but genuine. “Okay.”
For all that he would have insisted he was straight and preferred women just a short while ago, and for all that Cas looked hot in this body, it just wasn’t nearly as hot as when Cas was his usual holy tax accountant self, the nerdy little dude in a trenchcoat he’d fallen in love with.
And he could see an attempt at a smile on Dean’s face, horribly distorted by the worry he was feeling, before Dean crawled into the bed behind him and held him.
It took a couple attempts, and he could tell that he still wouldn’t be able to comprehend what anyone else attempted to communicate to him, but he finally managed to croak out a single word.
Dean finds the panties that he’d left behind, that Cas held onto. He then finds more pairs that Cas had acquired over the intervening years, including a pair in the same shade of green as his eyes. “When I missed you the most, I’d get another pair. I don’t know if it actually helped, but I couldn’t keep myself from doing it”, Cas said.
Jack ran out of the library, and Dean let out a long breath. “Fuck, this is going to be a hard conversation.”
As he approached the door, he could hear Dean yelling, and while the rage he heard in Dean's voice was not uncommon, the fear was. He began running, desperate to make it outside to where he’d left Dean to wait for him, and found him dealing with a man that had been sitting at the bar.
“And I do the best I can to keep up with all the freakin’ lore and all the magic and all the monsters and there’s always more of it and sometimes I gotta give myself a freakin’ break and let someone else be the freakin’ expert and sometimes that means I let you and Rowena and Charlie look up obscure magic trivia while I sit here and read freakin’ romance novels so my brain doesn’t leak out my ears!”
Jack’s sunny smile never failed to brighten Dean’s day. “I think I’d like that! Especially once I’ve had a chance to explore these options and find out what else I like. Have you found anything yet?”
In some ways, Cas already knew the whole story. It was etched into Dean's soul, and he knew that soul intimately; that soul had been the foundation on which he’d rebuilt Dean’s body, piece by piece, and it had been surrounded by and suffused with his grace as he’d raised the Righteous Man from Hell. And yet even with all of that, he wasn’t prepared for what Dean said that day. Years of neglect and abandonment. Years of sacrificing his own well-being, of being forced into a parental role for Sam before he’d even hit double digits himself. Years of being molded into a soldier to further John’s vendetta.
So I finally got a new job and I've worked long enough that I'm getting used to how much energy it takes to have a forty-hour workweek again, and then I mentioned this fic to someone in a comment I left on one of their fics I read, and then
“Yeah, but somehow nothing we found from the women’s section that fit him looked comfortable on him, and then Sylvia came by asking if she could help and I accidentally corrected her and called Cas a guy, so she thinks he’s a trans guy, but it ended up with him already looking so much better by the time he sent me to check on you guys.” Without thinking about it, he looked back the way he came, even though there were enough walls and furniture in the way that he couldn’t actually see Cas right now. “Y’know, he was actually worried that
wanting to have that childhood. I really do. And I don’t want you to grow up from being a kid without us discussing it first, but that’s just so we can make arrangements around hunting, make sure you have someone at home with you when you need, make sure you’re not being dragged across the country all the time, and make sure you get to actually go to school and have that experience. And you’re right that now
we break the spell, of course,” Sam cut in brightly. “I mean Cas, you’re an angel, you could just as easily stay in a female vessel if you wanted to, we don’t have to break the spell for- ouch! What was that for?!”
Cas tilted his head briefly in confusion, though it looked very different now with the long hair getting in his face. “How would she come to that conclusion?” he asked, gesturing to his body and the sundress he was wearing with discomfort.
“My suggestion would be to call Rowena. She is the most skilled and knowledgeable practitioner we know. And maybe… we should consider asking her to stay for a while and teach Jack. And you, maybe, I know you have a talent for magic that you don’t normally utilize.” The more Cas spoke, the less he liked his new voice. He was used to his voice being deep, gravelly, and abrasive; the very lack of those qualities was rubbing him raw now, and he winced at the discomfort before returning his attention to his conversation with Sam. Eileen raised her eyebrow at him, but he shrugged it off.
Behind him, he heard the sounds of people stirring - the couple that had been slumped in front of Jack when they found him in the library. Sam and Eileen, he should talk to them- but before he could break the embrace, Cas caught his eye and smiled. “I’ll talk to them, you take care of Jack.” Cas’ touch seemed to linger as he pulled away, and Dean gently gripped Cas’ hand to try and express his gratitude, before he returned to comforting his son.
Sighing, Castiel repeated what he told Eileen. Sam’s eyes widened and darted around the room, landing on Jack and Dean, Cas, and even his own hands, before settling on Eileen.
