With a low moan, Dean put his face in his hands. “I need him, Sammy. At night, I dream about him. And during the day, I can’t stop thinking about him. Every corner I turn, I think he’s gonna be there. And then he’s not, and I…I just…” Dean broke off into something that could be called a sob.
“I know.” And then Dean is breathing evenly; he’s clearly exhausted from crying. Cas listens to him sleep, presses his lips to his shoulder.
There’s a moment as the man surveys him in a new light. Then he sighs and steps back, allowing Sam and Jess to troop inside. It’s just as nice inside as it is outside, with plenty of sunlight, gleaming hardwood flooring, and an elegant staircase. The man leads them down a hallway to a sparkling kitchen filled with new appliances. He gestures towards the glass kitchen table, and Sam and Jess both take a seat.
“Cas,” Lucifer moans in Dean’s voice, and this is too much, not in front of Sam, not right now. Cas closes his eyes for a moment, feels his cheeks turn hot. “Cas, come fuck me. Please, Cas.” Another moan, low and lurid, and Cas’s hands begin to shake.
Cas desperately wants to know what Dean means. He doesn’t want to have to make him spell it out. But he isn’t quite sure he follows.
“I think that you’re afraid,” said Sam. “You’re afraid that you’ll fail, that you won’t be able to get Cas back. But we won’t be able to get him back unless we try. So we’re going to try, okay? We’re going to try.”
“Yeah, well,” says Dean. “Cas’s a pretty decent cook.” The table is small and square-shaped, built for four people at the max; Dean is sitting a right angle to Cas, whose sitting at a right angle to Sam, whose sitting at a right angle to Jess. Under the table, Sam can see Dean lay his hand on Cas’s knee.
Cas’s entire body freezes, but Lucifer isn’t done. “You’re different,” he muses. “You’re not as strong. You gave up grace for Dean?”
“We’re back!” Sam calls out, giving them time to separate before he steps into the kitchen. Dean is looking at the kitchen table, blushing furiously, while Cas calmly continues to chop mushrooms.
“Even now, you deny yourself,” says Cas, and he sounds amazed. “I’m Angel of the Lord, and still Famine overcomes me.”
“Seriously, man,” says Dean, putting on his turn signal, “I’m never forgetting tonight. That was some
“Maybe that’s for the best,” Dean says shortly. But then Cas is reaching over, placing his hand on Dean’s thigh and squeezing. Heat seeps from his palm through Dean’s jeans into his leg. Despite himself, Dean moans.
Sam grits his teeth and shifts his weight. The sigil is complicated, and Castiel reminds himself not to speed up. The slightest wrong move, and he’ll have to start all over.
Just the low growl of Cas’s voice has Dean chubbing up, and he clenches his fists in his lap. “Yeah?” he says when he can breathe properly. “And what’s that?” In a nervous tic, he sweeps his tongue over his lower lip. Heat flushes his cheeks, and he feels a little like he might die.
“I’m hungry too,” says Cas, pulling back for a moment and examining Dean with dark eyes. He presses his mouth to Dean’s neck, and Dean stares up at the roof of the car, wondering how this is his life. How he’s making out with a fucking angel in the front seat of the fucking Impala, and then Cas is pressing his hand flat against Dean’s bulge, and he can’t help it, he rocks up into the touch.
Sam slams his hand against the wall, and a white light fills the room. Cas can feel Lucifer’s presence wash over him like a wave, nearly crushing him against the floor. And then it’s gone, and the room is back to normal, and Dean is coughing weakly.
’s not the right word. Power cracks him open, surges through him like the strongest current, buoys him on its wave. He has just to think before creation appears at his fingertips. And he looks at the man he loves, and he tells him it’s time to kneel. Finally, he will have Dean’s devotion. He will have all of Dean, all the secret parts of him, and he will know him, and he will find him good.
“Come and kiss me,” Lucifer pleads in that mocking voice, and Castiel turns away and looks determinedly at the wall. If he had all his grace, perhaps he would be unruffled, aloof. But his grace has been fading for a long time now, and he’s too human to remain unbothered.
“Fuck!” Dean shoves his beer away so hard that it spills, sending amber liquid all over the table. Cas goes to clean it with his grace, remembers that he’s human, drops his hand.
Somehow, Sam hadn’t expected this. He’d been thinking it would be, well, more run-down. But no, this is the house owned by one Dean Winchester, found after months of sleuthing. And it looks like the American dream.
If Sam doubted it before, he doesn’t anymore. It’s clear from Dean’s guilty look that he’s hiding something. And now Sam knows what it is.
“I know that I can’t make you believe me,” says Cas, and he’s doing his best not to break down, “I know that I can’t make you believe me. But you are the furthest thing from pathetic. Do you know how strong you are? How much you’ve lived through? And yet, here you are, still alive, still kicking. Still working so hard every day to make the world a better place. Of
“You really supposed to be doing that with all the meds you’re on?” said Sam, leaning against the threshold and eyeing Dean.
It’s Famine, it’s Famine that’s making them do this, Dean rationalizes as he grips Cas’s head with his hands, fingers sinking into his soft hair and pulling him down, his tongue surging into Cas’s mouth and sweeping along his rough palate.
“Right,” says Dean. “A roommate. That’s me.” He’s acting weird, but Sam’s not surprised. After all, he’s probably just given Dean the shock of his life. His baby brother all grown up.
Hooked up to a billion machines, an oxygen cannula in his noise and two black eyes, Dean blinked sleepily at Sam. The hospital blanket was pulled up to his waist; his front was strapped with bloody bandages.
Cas tilts his head, narrows his eyes. “But you don’t want burgers.” He leans over the console and adds, “I’ve seen your soul, Dean Winchester.
Sam wonders at the closeness of Dean and Cas’s relationship, if Cas was the one supporting both of them. Typically, that’s something only couples do, not friends.
“Dean barely talked about Cas,” says Sam. “But…maybe that was on purpose?” He begins to feel hurt for a different reason. “I can’t believe he didn’t tell me. I’m his brother! I went to
“Nothing you have to say is stupid,” says Cas, although he’s once heard Dean claim that eating ten slices of pizza won’t make him sick. So maybe that was stupid. But whatever Dean has to say now, whatever’s causing him this much pain, that can’t be stupid at all.
Lucifer continues to make his noises, only now he throws back his head, revealing the line of his neck, his bobbing Adam’s apple. This is too much for Cas, who stands.
“I’m gonna go see what’s happening in the kitchen,” Dean says abruptly. Sam follows him back into the other room, where Jess and Cas are in the middle of an animated conversation  that seems to be about organic honey. Cas is chopping bright red bell peppers on the counter, and Jess is running water over a colander of healthy green spinach. Sam’s never really seen Dean eat much more than fast food and instant ramen, and it boggles his mind that this was the plan for Dean’s dinner tonight.
Dean does. He paces a little bit more, rests his forearm against the wall and tips his forehead onto it. “When I was young, like real young, Dad used to leave me ’n Sam alone while he went on hunts. And there wouldn’t be enough food, and we’d need money, so I’d. I’d do things. For cash.”
“Miss him a whole hell of a lot,” said Dean, and that was when Sam realized his brother was pretty drunk, not to mention hopped up on three different types of pain meds. He probably shouldn’t take advantage of his brother’s state, should leave him alone to his thoughts, but Sam desperately needed to hear what was on his brother’s mind. So he came and sat across from him at the table and said,
“He doesn’t love you back, you know,” says Lucifer, and Castiel closes his eyes. Lucifer could be lying, he knows that, but it’s probably the truth, and, as Dean would say, it hurts like a bitch to hear. “He’ll never love you back. You’re an abomination. An angel that can feel. You are not what God intended.”
It’s a large-ish room. One king-sized bed pushed up against the wall. Two nightstands. One of them, Sam recognizes as Dean’s. It’s got the same pulp fiction he’s always read stacked on it. A handful of chocolates. A lighter. Cas’s side is neater. There’s a pile of books, a box of tissues. A reading lamp.
“Stop it!” he yells at Lucifer, at Dean. “Stop lying! Stop pretending! Just…stop!” His angel blade clatters to the floor as he brings his hands to his ears to block out Lucifer’s words. It hurts too much, each word a knife to the gut, and there’s no shock to dull the pain.
The words hurt Cas so badly, and he wants to cry himself, but he knows that now is not the time. All he can do is be here for Dean, and he’s not here for Dean if he’s letting his own weakness show through. Right now he has to be strong, because he can’t make Dean comfort him. He has to be the one to do the comforting.
After a moment, Cas complies, and the two of them scramble into the Impala’s backseat, and then it’s Dean’s turn to be on top, Dean’s turn to break the angel apart.
His mouth going dry, Cas starts. What does Lucifer mean by that? Is he talking about what he said of Dean’s affections for Cas?
Sam bit the inside of his cheek, turned his words around in his mind. Then he said, “Pull it together, Dean.”
“Maybe not gay,” says Jess, unlocking the car and pulling the plastic bags of white and red wine out of the front seat. “I don’t know his sexual orientation. But I’m telling you, Sam, the way Cas talks about Dean…there’s something going on there.”
“Cas rakes in the dough, I sit and look pretty,” says Dean. At Sam’s expression, he says, “Nah, not really. Up until last year I was between jobs, so Cas called me his trophy wife. But now I work at a garage. I’m a mechanic. The dude running it, he told me that I’m on track to take over for him. Says I’m the best employee he’s ever had.”
“What are you doing?” says Lucifer, looking down at the blade with wide eyes. “C’mon, Cas, it’s really me. And I want you to…to…”
“Don’t need your help, Sammy.” Dean stalked to the fridge and yanked it open, stared blankly at the groceries within. He reached out, let his hand drop. The light within the fridge illuminated the wrinkles Dean had seemed to gain only in the months since losing Cas. The sight made Sam want to break something. He’d never seen his brother so despondent before, and he needed to know that there was something he could do.
“We, uh…” Dean starts talking, stops. Licks his lips. Glances at Cas, who nods encouragingly. “We’ve also been talking about engagement rings. Think we’re gonna pick them out together.”
But Dean isn’t looking at Sam. He’s looking over his shoulder, at Cas. “Did you…do you…Cas, do you love me?”
A conflicted expression passes over Dean’s face, and he scrubs his cheek with his hand. “Uh. A mutual friend thought that we’d be good together. So she set us up on a…on a blind date.”
Oh, shit. Sam backtracks. “You know that’ s not what I meant.” Except it was kind of what he meant. “Dad kind of made it hard to make friends. Always moving us around. I certainly didn’t make any friends as a kid.”
“But I’m right here,” Lucifer says, blinking innocently. “I have full control. I can see every thought he’s ever had. Do you want to know what he thinks of you?”
Exchanging a look with Sam, Cas dips his hand back into the bowl and swipes another streak of blood across the wall.
Dean sits down, hard, on the floor, and Cas joins him. “I want to be clean, Cas. That’s all I want. I just want to be clean. My whole life, I keep fucking up. I fuck up and I fuck up and I fuck up. I don’t do the things that I’m supposed to do. There’s so much life to be lived, and I’m not living it. It’s like I’m dead inside. Not all the time, I guess, but sometimes it’s like I’m fucking dead, and I just want to wake up, and I can’t wake up, and there are people inside me, and I can feel them inside me, I can feel them licking me and thrusting into me and opening up every part of me, and it hurts, it fucking hurts, and I—”
“And I think Dean has had a few self-realizations since then,” Jess tells him. “Like, that he likes guys.”
But Dean didn’t seem to notice anything out of the ordinary. He just said, “I know, Sammy. I know.” And then he brushed back Sam on his way back to his own room.
ii. On the night before they trap Rafael, on Cas’s last night on earth, Dean suggests they go to a den of iniquity known as a strip club. Castiel is pretty clear on the sins of the flesh, and despite the fact that he may be inhabiting a fleshly form, he doesn’t want to sully himself with temptation. But, he has to admit, it’s not the strippers towards whom he feels a pull.
Cas inhales sharply through his nose and glowers. “You won’t be there for long,” he says. “We’ll get you out of there.”
“Don’t,” he says, and Lucifer laughs. It’s nothing like Dean’s laugh, light and humorous. This is a laugh that makes Cas’s skin crawl.
Cas’s heart shivers, and he looks at Lucifer with narrowed eyes. “You could never presume to know Dean’s mind.”
But he keeps his lips tightly closed and pretends like he didn’t hear. Like everything Lucifer says is so much noise.
“I wanted to talk to you,” says Sam. “I mean, I wanted to…I don’t know.” Now that he’s faced with Dean himself, he can’t make himself form the right words.
“I think this is going really well!” Jess says. At Sam’s expression, she adds, “I mean, how well did you think it was going to go? I’d say this is as good as can be expected, wouldn’t you?”
“Dean, it’s not. You told me he made a deal with the Empty to save Jack. It was his choice to summon it.”
Abruptly, Dean rises. He begins to pace the kitchen, his shoulders up to his ears. “I can’t, Cas. I can’t. I can’t—” And he breaks down again, shoulders shaking. Cas debates whether or not to go to him. Does Dean need space, or does he need Cas?
Dean sat up and opened the glove box, started going through the cassette tapes. He tried to stuff one in the player, but his hand was shaking too badly. “Fuck!”
A few nights later, Sam was headed to the bathroom when he saw the door to Cas’s room open and Dean come out. They stopped and stared at each other, Dean with a guilty look on his face.
“And she’s always told me that it’s a lot easier to come out to new people. But when it’s people from your past, there’s more baggage attached. It’s more difficult to say the words.”
“What do you mean?” Cas says, almost desperately, when Lucifer doesn’t answer. He knows he shouldn’t be asking this question, but he’s too far gone. He’s a like a man in his in love, a man and not an angel, and he wants to know the truth. But almost as soon as he asks, he shakes his head. “No. Don’t tell me. I don’t want to know.”
“That’s good,” Dean says, seeming sincere. “I’m happy for you.” He sucks in his cheeks, kicks his foot against the ground to send the chair sliding back. “Any other developments?”
“Really?” says Jess. At Sam’s arched eyebrow, she says, “All right, maybe he seemed a little peeved. But I’m sure it’ll wear off in no time.”
The angel blade is warming in his fist, and he flips it the way Dean would. Lucifer watches with a smirk.
“In here,” Castiel calls back, his voice sounding strained. Dean walks into the kitchen, his arms filled with paper bags.
“I know it hurts,” he says eventually. “I know, Dean. I’m sorry. I’m here, and I’m sorry. I would kill everyone who ever hurt you, if I could. I would kill them all for you.” Maybe it’s what Dean needs to hear, and maybe it isn’t. Nobody ever said Cas would be good at this comforting thing. But he’s trying. He’s trying.
At this, Castiel’s vision goes white with rage. He rises, his fists clenched, his heart knocking at his chest. “You dare presume,” he begins, but he can’t find the words. “You dare presume that I would use Dean’s body like that?” He’s spitting the words, nearly shouting them. With a flick of his wrist, he releases his angel blade from his sleeve and holds it tightly in his fist. But Lucifer only laughs.
It’s so overdone, so over-the-top, but it doesn’t make it hurt any less. Cas grabs up his blade and crosses the room in three strides, pointing the tip of the blade at Lucifer’s heart.
“He said he loved me,” Dean said, and his voice was little more than a whisper. “That he fucking loved me. And I didn’t even say it back. I just stood there like an idiot while the Empty swooped down and took him.”
“So good for me,” Cas murmurs, his lips brushing against the sharp curve of Dean’s jaw, and Dean gulps, and then Cas’s tongue is sweeping hot and wet over his neck.
xii. And then Cas sees Dean for the first time since the Empty, and he stares at Dean, and Dean stares back.
“I vote Democrat now,” Sam offers. Took him barely a month at Stanford to come to the realization that his dad’s politics were batshit bananas crazy.
But Dean puts his hands on Cas’s cheeks, presses his forehead against Cas’s. He breathes hard, like he just ran a marathon. And does it matter if it’s real or not? Does it matter when Cas finally has Dean?
But Lucifer isn’t finished. “What’s that, Dean? You want me out of your body? Tough luck, kiddo. I’m here for the long haul.”
Now the man looks surprised. “Who are you?” Blunt, to the point. Sam finds himself oddly reluctant to answer. Who is this man, and why does he deserve to know the Winchesters’ business?
Jess grimaces. “Be nice.” She puts her hand over Sam’s and squeezes, but Sam can tell that she’s nonplussed, too. She doesn’t know what to make of this guy, either.
Dean looks helplessly at the angel. Takes in his cheekbones, his lips. The way the parking lot lights make strands of his hair glow. He wants to gather him up, wants to eat him whole.
“Weird due,” Sam mutters. He tries to imagine Dean getting along with this guy, and he can’t quite see it.
“I’m looking for Dean. Dean Winchester.” Sam’s voice comes out in a squeak, and he clears his throat.
The man smiles slightly. “You could say that. My name’s Castiel.” It’s a strange name, but Sam doesn’t remark on it. The last thing he wants is to piss off the guy standing between him and his brother.
“I got it,” said Sam, taking the cassette from Dean and sliding it into the cassette player. A moment later, the strains of classic rock filled the car. The two of them listened quietly, saying nothing.
With a glare, Dean says, “No shit I moved on. Dad died half a decade ago, right? I’m friggin’ over it.” The way he says it, though, leaves Sam with a sneaking suspicion that Dean is not, in fact, over it.
Sam had been there since the beginning of their friendship. He’d seen the way that it had changed Dean. He’d seen the way that Dean looked when he talked about Cas, like the light couldn’t shine brighter than it did on that angel.
Dean drained the last of his beer and rose to get another one from the fridge. He held up a second, glanced at Sam, who nodded and held out his hand for it. It was more bitter than their normal kind, but Sam drank it anyway.
“We decided that engagement rings are a patriarchal concept designed to treat women like property,” Jess explains. “But we’re gonna do wedding rings.” Her face lights up as she talks about their upcoming wedding in July. “It’s gonna be on the beach,” she says happily.
“To fuck me in the ass!” At this, Lucifer cracks up, his laughter bouncing through the room. Cas steps back in disgust. He’s thought, sometimes, of that. Of doing that. Of doing that with Dean. But to hear Lucifer say it so vulgarly, as though it is something to be laughed at, something
When he pulls out Cas’s cock, the head flushed red and sticky with precum, Dean’s breath catches in his throat at the sight. “Beautiful,” he whispers, and then he’s swallowing down his angel. Cas makes blasphemous noises under Dean’s ministrations, his fingers gripping Dean’s head and drawing him down.
Over the years, Sam had witnessed things. Things he knew that Dean wouldn’t want him to see, so he’d never remarked on them before. But maybe Dean needed to talk about it. Needed to talk about the way he would caress Cas’s face before a battle. To talk about the way he would tilt his head down for Cas to lay the benediction of his lips on his forehead.
“One moment,” says Cas. He gets up and fills a cup of water at the sink, brings it back to Dean and presses it into his hands. “Drink.”
“Just as aware as I allow him to be,” Lucifer says. “He’s a good little soldier, Dean is. The best of the best. But he’s a broken man, Cas. You’ve set your sights on someone who is far, far too emotionally constipated.”
into reading,” Dean says during a lull in the conversation. “More than SF, I mean. That shit’s still good, don’t get me wrong, but now I’m reading, like, Jeffrey Eugenides and Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie.”
“The thing is, brother, I have access to all sorts of thoughts in here.” Lucifer, bound in chains to a chair in the bowels of the bunker, smiles pleasantly at Cas from across the room, but Cas doesn’t look up to see it. He’s sitting with his head bowed, hands folded in his lap, posture almost penitent. When he does look at Lucifer, it’s with short glances, only, as though he’s afraid to look at his face for too long. The angel wears Dean’s features, and it takes everything Cas has not to scream at him to leave, to let his friend go.
Cas does not return to his seat, but stands there, his blade hanging at his side. He wonders how much longer he will have to be cooped up in this cell with Lucifer.
“Don’t need anything,” Dean said, slamming the fridge door shut. He seemed surprised at how hard he’d closed it. “I don’t need anything.” He stomped out of the room, leaving Sam alone with his box of cereal.
i. The first time it happens, Castiel brushes it off as a fluke. A minor inconvenience of inhabiting human flesh. It’s the first time Dean prays to him, and his prayer is like none other that Castiel has heard. It tugs at the core of him, pulling him across vast swaths of space to land before the man who called out to him. And when Dean asks for help, for a way to defeat Lilith, Castiel tells him about the archangels’ propensity for protecting prophets. And before he takes to his wings, he stares into Dean’s face, his own lips tingling, and wonders.
For a little while, the two brothers sit in silence, neither of them knowing what to say. Sam casts about the room for inspiration, and his eyes land on the bookshelf. “You read Novak?” he says. “Didn’t know you were a literary fiction fan.”
It’s true. Sam skipped out on his own dad’s funeral, despite the numerous calls and texts he received from Dean in the days after the car accident. As far as he was concerned, his dad’s drunk driving was his own fault. Not once has Sam regretted that decision, but now that he can see Dean’s face, though, and all the hurt on it, he starts to feel as though maybe he made a mistake. Not that he’s about to admit it.
” As Sam spoke, his eyes filled with tears, and he angrily wiped them away. “You wanted me to leave you to
Dean and Cas’s eyes meet, and they have a wordless conversation. Then Dean nods and gestures for Sam and Jess to follow him.
He starts to wail, sobs so hard that his throat clenches and he can’t get any more sound out. Shellshocked, Cas sits there, touches Dean softly, tries to think of what to say. Because here is the man he loves in pain, and Cas doesn’t know how to help him, how to reach him.
“I’m gong to miss my little home,” Lucifer says, his mouth turning down like a child about to have a tantrum. “It’s been fun, seeing all the nooks and crannies of Dean Winchester. And there are plenty of dark places I’m still dying to explore.”
“It’s not your fault,” Sam said when he could speak. “You need to listen to me, Dean. You did nothing wrong.”
They sat like that for a while, drinking, lost in their own thoughts. Then Sam said: “We’ll get him back.”
Lucifer continues, his voice a slow drawl. “You’d be surprised at the kind of things I see before me. I know what Dean Winchester wants.”
Sam stood there for a long time, looking at the place where Dean had been. He wanted to run after him, to gather his brother in his arms and tell him that everything would be okay. But he couldn’t promise that. He couldn’t promise anything. All he could do was hope that Dean would get over this. That he would—
“But I’m so pathetic,” says Dean, and Cas can hear years of self loathing in his voice. “I’m such a fucking piece of shit.”
It takes everything Sam has not to roll his eyes. “I had to get my own life, Dean. Unlike you, I didn’t want to live the rest of my life in Dad’s direct orbit. But, hey, I’m glad you moved on. You moved on, right?”
“Fine by me.” Dean gestures with his shoulder for Sam to follow him out of the kitchen. They go down a hallway into a study, the walls lined with books. There’s a mahogany desk and lumbar-supportive swivel chair, as well as a green settee. Dean sits on the chair, leaving the settee open for Sam.
vii. And then he’s back from Purgatory, and he’s seeing a face he thought he’d never see again, and sure it’s a face that’s aged, a face that’s known more hardship than its fair share, but Cas loves it so much. He wants to cup Dean’s cheeks in his hands and say,
“We brought cookies!” Jess announces. She reaches into her tote-bag and pulls out a Tupperware of home-baked goods, which she plants on the table with a thud. There’s a moment of silence as everyone regards the cookies.
For a moment, Cas almost believes him. But the expression is off. There’s something cruel in it, a meanness Dean never has. Besides, Dean would never declare his love, not like this. Cas knows the kind of shame Dean keeps wrapped around his heart. Besides, he knows that Dean doesn’t feel the same way that he does for him. There’s no way that Cas could be that lucky.
viii. They’re in a crypt, and Dean gazes up at Cas with a battered, bloody face. One hand grips Cas’s leg.
shit.” His strong, capable fingers grip the wheel as he spins it. Cas watches the shadows from his tendons play over the valleys of his hand. Hunger rolls through him, extreme in its pitch, overwhelming in its magnitude. Castiel can barely understand it. There’s something happening between his legs, a certain rising, and he easily wills it away. He is an angel, after all.
When they get kicked out of the strip club, Cas watches Dean’s open, laughing face. He wonders, briefly, what it would be like to give into this…this ____ between them. He knows that Dean would not welcome it. That he would eschew it with the utmost conviction. And Castiel will respect that.
Sam froze in the doorway to the library. There, on the couch, Dean was sprawled across Cas, kissing him as though his life depended on it. Slowly, Cas’s hand rose and settled on Dean’s head, pulling him closer. A slow smile filled Sam’s face. Then he turned around and left them to it.
He shakes his head, sharp and fast. Lucifer laughs, looking amused. He looks so handsome, with the dents above his cheekbones, and his strong jaw, and those perfect lips. But the way he wears them is all wrong. It’s incongruous, watching a different spirit animate Dean’s face. Where Dean would have his lips slightly pursed, Lucifer’s are pulled inward the tiniest bit. When he blinks, he does so slowly, as thought unused to the motion.
This is too much for Sam. He just can’t square it. Dean Winchester, in a relationship with a guy? Then, suddenly, he remembers Dean’s words in the study. A blind date. Oh, fuck. Dean is in a relationship with a guy!
in love, in love with a pain that burns him. At any moment, it could destroy him, and there’s nothing he can do about it. No way to remove the mantle of his adoration.
“And here’s the bathroom,” Dean says, popping open the third door and showing them a blue-tiled room with a giant bathtub. “And that’s it.”
When Dean was finally released, toting a Ziplock of narcotics and strict doctor’s orders to rest, Sam drove them both back to the bunker. Dean, high and tired, rested his head against the Impala passenger window and blankly watched the trees and telephone wires. Sam glanced from the road to his brother, a wrinkle between his brow.
,” Sam says, a string of hurt in his voice. “Of I’m accepting of that. I mean, fuck, for all his problems, it’s not Dean’s fault that we grew apart. That’s all on me.”
Castiel shakes his head. The silence stretches out uncomfortably. At last, Castiel breaks it. “Can I get you anything?”
Slowly, Lucifer licks his lower lip and lets out something between a moan and a sigh. The sound is obscene, and Cas flushes.
Lucifer chuckles. “How stupid of you, Castiel.” He tilts his head, as though considering. “You know, I lied before. It wasn’t very nice of me.”
“Fuck off,” says Dean, without any real heat. He stares down at his beer, clearly trying to rein in his tears, but they won’t be pulled back. He continues crying, and Cas settles his palm against Dean’s back, able to feel his warmth through the thin flannel.
Dean follows Cas docilely back down the hallway to their bedroom. Cas tucks Dean in, pulls the cover up to his chin before sliding in next to him. They lie pressed together, their shoulders touching, their hips. Warmth travels between them, and Dean snuggles in closer, rests his head on Cas’s shoulder.
Dean turns back to Cas. “Can I talk with you for a moment?” Then they disappear into the hallway, leaving Sam and Jess alone.
“You’ve grieved, okay? You’ve grieved for months. Now it’s time to fucking do something about it. It’s time to get your life back on track. We’re going to the Empty, we’re
“Dean,” said Sam, sitting at the chair by his brother’s bedside and leaning forward. “We have to talk.”
“Like pain,” Cas says. “And fear. And sorrow. And good things, too. Happiness, friendship. Love.” He tilts Dean’s face towards him and kisses him, once, chastely, on the lips. Then he stands up, pulling Dean with him. “Let’s get you back to bed.”
x. When Dean brings back Mary Winchester, alive and well, Cas thinks there’s something in the way Dean introduces him. In the way he falters over the words.
“Yes,” says Castiel. “He’s quite the fan.” His voice sounds fond, and Sam feels a momentary happiness that Dean has had someone in his life to be fond of him, at least. All this time he’s been worried about Dean being alone; it’s good to know he has a friend.
Cas stands up and comes closer to Dean, though not close enough to touch him. He’s a little afraid, to be honest. Afraid that he’ll say the wrong thing and shut Dean back up. So he doesn’t say anything at all, just stands there, letting Dean know he’s available. Letting him know that he’s here.
“Do you hear yourself? It’s like you’ve given up. Dean, Cas has come back from the Empty before. He can do it again. And this time, he’ll have help. You know what I think?”
“You’re a good man, Dean Winchester,” says Cas, and this time he touches Dean, just a soft touch, to his shoulder.
This has the surprised effect of making Dean laugh. He stands there, tears rolling down his cheeks, and laughs until he wheezes. “Not very nice men, I’ll tell you that, Cas.” He hugs himself, his fingers tightening on his upper arms. “Not very nice men at all.”
“Just, if you need anything,” said Sam, looking away from his brother. “Someone to talk to or something. I’m here.”
“We all are, Dean,” said Sam. Immediately, he regretted saying that. The last thing he wanted was for Dean to minimize his emotions, to think that everyone had the same connection to Cas that he did. Because Dean’s connection with Cas, that was something special. That was something that couldn’t be replicated.
“Oh,” says Cas, and he’s suddenly filled with a blistering rage. “What kind of man would accept sexual favors from a child?”
Once upon a time, Castiel fell from Heaven’s grace. He fell slowly, and in a multitude of ways, and then he was falling all at once, falling into humanity, falling for a man.
xiii. Here they are at the end of of everything, down in the bowels of the bunker, desperate and in need of a hail Mary.
They’re supposed to be on a stakeout, watching for Famine, but Dean can barely focus. He is too aware of Castiel sitting next to him. Too aware of the muscle jumping in his jaw as he chews his burger, too aware of the sideways glances he shoots Dean from beneath those hooded lids.
“I didn’t,” says Sam. He bites the inside of his cheek for a moment before forging ahead. “It’s Sam. Sam Winchester.”
When Cas sees them come in, he puts down the knife and looks at Dean expectantly. Dean shakes his head. It’s a small gesture, and Sam almost misses it. He wonders what the hell that was all about just as Jess says, “Sam and I left some wine in the car. We’ll run out and get it.”
floats back up. As soon as Dean has disappeared downstairs, Sam starts for the door to the room Dean pointed out as Cas’s.
Dean’s eyes are fixed on Cas, his entire face rapt. He looks like he could listen to Cas talk forever. Oh, yeah. Dean’s in love. Hopelessly in love.
Is it Cas’s imagination, or is the air between them alive? It’s like life sparking within the primordial soup, something where Cas was sure there had been nothing. He leans a bit closer to Dean, and Dean leans closer to him, and Cas’s lips are trembling, his entire body his trembling, and Dean reaches out a hand—and grabs the box of tissues on the nightstand.
“I don’t think you want me to say,” Castiel admits after a moment, and a confusing mix of relief and disappointment swipes through Dean.
your books,” Jess gushes. “Oh, my God. Oh, my God!” And then she and Cas are off, having a conversation about books and genres and literary awards. Sam watches Jess, her eyes sparkling, and feels happy that she’s happy. Then he notices Dean.
Just then, the front door opens and a voice booms, “Honey, I’m home!” It’s Dean, the same deep, joking tone that Sam remembers from childhood, and his heart goes still.
It’s weird, this whole situation. Maybe he and Jess shouldn’t have come out here. Maybe they should have stayed at home, where it’s safe, where Sam doesn’t have to be confronted with the fact that he hasn’t talked to his brother in five years.
“So, uh.” Dean scratches the back of his neck and tugs awkwardly at the hem of his flannel. “You’re here. In my kitchen.”
ix. “What should we do now?” says Dean, and they end up going back to his motel, sitting on the lumpy mattress and watching TV together. It’s not much, but Cas is hyper aware of Dean’s presence at his side. He feels things differently now that he’s human, as though a sheet of plastic has been peeled away. He feels acutely the bite of his arousal. He’s harder than he’s ever been.
Unable to help himself, Sam inhaled sharply. He’d known this was coming, but still. This was heavy. He didn’t know how Dean had been able to hold all this to himself for so long. No wonder he’d wanted to die at the end of the nail.
“He had his secrets,” Lucifer says, looking Cas directly in the eye. “Do you know when he thought about you most?”
“When we go in there,” says Sam, “we’re not gonna let on that we know a thing, okay? I want Dean to actually trust me. I want him to come out to me.” He crosses his arms, as though Jess is going to disagree. But she nods, instead.
Opening the door, Cas pads down the bunker hallway, softly calling Dean’s name. It isn’t until he gets to the kitchen that he gets a response.
“Fine by me, sweetheart.” Dean gasps as Cas fits a hand around Dean’s clothed and aching cock. “Let’s just get back in the car first, okay?”
“Dinner will be ready in an hour,” Cas informs them. “Dean, maybe you could take Sam and Jess on a tour of the house?”
“So then why do I feel like this?” Dean wants to know. “Why do I feel like somebody else is in my body? Why do I feel like I’m this disgusting creature? Why do I feel like such fucking shit?”
Dean rubs his eyes, takes a few shuddering breaths. He looks sickly, his skin pale and the bags beneath his eyes bright purple.
Then there’s a banging on the cell door. Relief filling him, Cas undoes the bolt and slips into the hallway. There’s Sam, blood-spattered and weary, holding an incongruous Trader Joes tote bag. “I got it,” he tells Cas. “Rowena was very helpful.”
.” Cas pulls Dean towards him, kisses him on the forehead, the cheek. “You could never be dirty. What other people have done to you? That doesn’t sully you. That could never sully you.”
They mix the spell together in one of the many laboratories. It requires angle grace, and Cas offers most of what he has left, so Sam slits his throat and lets the white-blue substance float into the bowl of herbs and offal. It smells like a slaughterhouse, but to Cas, it’s hope.
In the kitchen, Cas is layering the lasagna at the table as Dean mixes what looks like chocolate cake batter in a bowl. He stops mixing when he sees Sam and Jess.
There’s a laugh, definitely Dean’s. “I don’t know, man. But you know I like to live on the edge.” And then there’s a quiet that sounds suspiciously like kissing.
“I love you.” And then, because he’s a coward, because he can’t help it, because he can’t leave Dean with this knowledge—“I love all of you.”
“Yes, biggie,” said Sam. “Very big biggie. Astronomically large biggie. You’re fucking suicidal, Dean!”
“Let’s go,” says Jess, getting out of the car and slamming the door behind her. Sam follows nervously. He hasn’t seen his brother in almost five years, and now he’s dropping in completely unexpectedly. It’s nerve-wracking. Jess must know how he’s feeling, because she gives him a sympathetic smile and drops a quick kiss on his cheek before taking his hand in her own. Together, they march up the front path to the front door.
“Can you help…” He trails off, his eyes caught on Sam. For a moment, he looks like he’s trying to place him. Then his face goes white, white as a sheet of paper, white as a ghost.
Dean’s shoulders slid up, and he tilted away from Sam as though he could block him out by turning deeper into himself. But this time, Sam wouldn’t be ignored.
“Little Castiel,” says Lucifer now, a grin widening across his face, revealing all his teeth. In Dean’s mouth, they’re charming, but Lucifer wears Dean’s canines like fangs. “In love with a human.”
“You’re back,” Lucifer says to Cas. “And Sammy too!” He sounds delighted. “Does he know about you, Castiel? About what you want?”
“Me, too,” says Sam. “I mean, not here, obviously. But Jess and I, we have a good thing going. We live in an apartment in LA, about three hours from here.” Just mentioning the apartment gets a smile going on Sam’s face. He’s worked hard for the life he has, and he’s proud of it.
Lucifer’s eyes widen. “You worship Dean Winchester, don’t you? It’s not just love. You would throw yourself at his feet.”
But a part of him wants, so badly, to press Dean up against the wall. To touch his lips to Dean’s and keep them there. To press his fingers to Dean’s neck and feel the jump of his pulse. To lick where his heart beats. To press Dean to his knees and—
Dean shook his head. “I’m not talking about the last time. I’m talking about after the accident when they finally let me come to your room. Cas...” Dean’s voice cracked. “You looked so broken. All these fucking machines were hooked up to you and there was not a damn thing I could do about it. I just kinda cracked after that. After sitting by your bed for two weeks, I left and went on a week-long bender. I didn’t answer my phone. I scared the shit out of Sam and Charlie. When they finally tracked me down, I refused to come back. I was so angry and I blamed you. Cas, how could I blame you? You were in a fucking coma and all I wanted to do was yell at you. And the angrier I got at you the guiltier I felt. It was like this horrid cycle. And when Sam called to tell me you were awake, I have never felt such…relief…no that’s not it."  Dean paused and took a deep breath.  "It was joy Cas. Pure unadulterated joy and then it all crashed back down around me. Everything I had said and done. All the ways I hurt you and instead of sucking it up, I wallowed in it. I should have come to you and apologized. I should have told you the truth, but I’m not brave like you. I’m a coward.” On the final word, Dean broke down and collapsed with exhaustion. Strong arms engulfed him and an intense heat radiated through his body. He felt a tightening in his chest and then a surge of power. As he opened his eyes, his breath caught. Blue light swirled, dipping and weaving, as it contacted a radiant white light. Dean pulled his eyes away to look at Castiel. The angel’s eyes shined with grace as he smiled at Dean. Slowly the light dissipated. When it was finally extinguished, Castiel pulled back from their embrace. “Um…Cas…what the hell was that?”
Cas smiled down at Dean before placing a single kiss on his lips.  “Just lay back.  I’ll take care of you.”  Dean’s body went slack as he let go of the iron grip he had maintained since Cas was injured.  It was an amazing sight to witness, and it fueled Cas’s desire.  His already hard cock twitched, demanding attention.  Cas ignored it because tonight wasn’t about him.  It was about Dean.  He kissed his way down the column of Dean’s throat, moving his head back and forth until his mouth had been on every inch.  It was only then that he moved lower, spending time bringing Dean to the edge, sucking and biting each nipple until they were dark purple and hard.  By the end, Dean was panting and keening.  The quiet pleas went on as Cas slid his tongue over Dean’s ribs and sucked a mark above his belly button.  But when he bit at his hipbones, Deam arched, his hips lifting violently from the bed.  The quiet begging was gone.
Dean’s voice was strained as he mentioned Julian. It was tight and pained, and Sam couldn’t understand what Julian had to do with any of this, so he said, “And that was a problem.”
“If I could move, I’d whack you upside the head for that comment, young man.”  Cas’s disgruntled voice was belied by the genuine smile on his face.
Cas chuckled darkly.  “Why do I want a family with you?  Why do I want a life outside of work?  Why do I look at these kids and think we could provide a home for them?  Do you actually have to ask that of me?”
“No, with someone else.” Cas shook his head and lightly slapped Dean’s arm. “Of course with you. Wait, do you not want kids?”
“Cas, sweetie, you don’t need to apologize. We just wanted you to know we are here for you,” said Mary as she joined Cas and Dean in a hug. Missouri and Sam were not far behind.
Dean merely sighed and returned to the book in his lap, closing it with a quiet reverence. “He was supposed to be in Africa for another two weeks. Sudan, then Nigeria, and, finally, Somalia. Why the hell did he leave Nigeria to go to Yemen?”
“Here,” said Mary in a gentle voice. He felt the touch of a tissue on his hand. “I think you could use this.”
“Yeah, we have a few loose ends to finish up before we can blow this town.  Hopefully by then, Meg will have everything set for us to move,” said Charlie in a rush as she stood up.  “Sam, let’s go round up the two old coots.”  Cas watched as they sauntered over to Bobby and Crowley.  Within seconds, they were gone.  The room was eerily silent after so much activity.  It made Castiel uncomfortable, and he began to fidget in his chair.
“What was that?” The short, blunt question made Cas really look at Sam. He saw confusion and fear in the younger man’s eyes. It tugged at Castiel’s heart and he rushed to comfort his friend.
“Shit. That right there. Those words said with such tenderness. Your hands touching me with such care. The love shining in your eyes. The touch of your grace. It is too much, Cas. How am I supposed to be worthy of that? I understood the demand of our bodies, the almost angry sex, but all the rest. How you finished, us simply rocking together, while practically cuddling. That I can’t wrap my head around.”
Shaking his head, Sam made for the kitchen. “I know what everyone thought, but Shadiya and I were just friends. She is a wonderful person, but her life is here and mine is not. I have plans in motion for when I go home. And as far as Meg goes, you know she wasn’t ready to live near the islanders. I had the room so it was an easy solution.”
Dean wanted to protest, but it would have been a lie.  Coming to terms with his feelings for Cas had made him analyze their years together.  The bond they shared was always there, and it had morphed into love very early on, even if Dean could not face it.  Living with Lisa was a balm to his pain, but it did not fill the space that belonged to the angel.  He felt Sam’s eyes on him and decided to appease him.  “Yeah, it wasn’t fair to either her or Ben that I didn’t understand my own feelings.”
Cas smiled, weakly. “When we were basically kids. I hardly think that telling you then is the same as telling you when we were adults.”
“Yeah, all right, Cocky, once again you’re not wrong.  That was just the beginning of the shitshow.  Turns out John was in contact with Adam long after we thought he disappeared.  Not in person, but he’d call or text.  The contact ended for a few months and then a package arrived with a cryptic note.
Once they were all gathered in the office, Cas read his notes, trying to expound on the details.  When he finished, they sifted through the different dreams.
The rattle of keys woke him, but he remained motionless. He heard two distinct sets of footfalls and assumed the guards were there to take him back to his original cell. When soft hands touched him, he snapped his eyes open. The woman from the previous day was standing above him as she gently stroked the back of his hand. Next to her was the man from the lab. The one he presumed was a doctor. As the man approached, the woman stepped back and walked out of the room. Using a penlight, the man checked his eyes and then held his fingers to the pulse point on Castiel's wrist. Once he finished, he proceeded to inspect the worst of his wounds. Cas let his eyes drift to the door. He saw the woman returning with a rolling cart covered in medical supplies. The IV bags caught his eye. He stared at them with hope. Badly dehydrated and unable to keep anything down, Cas knew he needed fluids.
“Language, Dean,” scolded Charlie.  “And yes, he is and he is effing good at it.”  Dean stared at her and then looked at Sam.  His brother shrugged and then dropped to his knees next to Charlie.  The red-head smiled at Sam before looking up.  With a wink, she said, “Sit down Dean and watch your angel.”
“I’m sorry, Cas. I’m sorry I was an asshole, Cas. I’m an idiot, Cas. Anyone of those would have been appropriate, but, no, he asks that,” Cas muttered to himself as he flopped down onto the bed and threw his arm over his eyes.
The psychic chuckled at the hunter. “Dean there is nothing going on between me and the angel except friendship. Don’t get me wrong. He is a gorgeous man and the whole angel thing is definitely attractive but Cas is in the process of recovery. He is not ready to share himself that way with anyone.”
Pamela emerged from behind a tree and slowly made her way over to the group. “I heard it. And after being knocked down, I saw…I think it was a helicopter.” Covering her eyes and pressing down, the psychic breathed deeply. “Yes, it was a helicopter and some men in fatigues.”
Sadness permeated the space around the men, and the quiet seemed to heighten the oppressive feeling. The spell was broken when Cas raised his head to look at Dean. The hunter saw a fathomless depth in the stormy blue eyes of the angel. The sight overwhelmed Dean, and he exhaled sharply. “I want to go home, Dean.”
When he drove into the driveway twenty minutes later, Cas was standing on the porch with a cold beer in his hands. His smile was small but genuine when he handed the beer off to Dean. “Bobby called. Said you’d need some refreshment.”
Bobby and Victor nodded at Cas and Dean before taking their seats.  Once everyone was seated, Cas stepped to the head of the table with Dean at his side.  He launched into a brief tale about meeting Dean and their friendship, ending on the day it all fell apart.  Dean took over from there, explaining his life as a hunter and how their work paths eventually crossed.  “I knew Cas was working on some of my cases, but I hoped he would never make the connection.  When he did, we had choices to make.  I chose to distance myself and he chose to turn me in.  It wasn’t until Agent Henriksen was kidnapped by a monster that our paths crossed again.  And that is how we ended up here after another set of choices.  Believe me for a hunter this is the last place I ever expected to be.  We work independently and under the radar.  For good reason, we kept our world a secret and always have.  Until now.”
Dropping his eyes and sighing, Cas whispered, “I wanted to get carried away.  I haven’t been able to since…”
“I am so tired of seeing you beaten and broken.  Why?”  Her embrace loosened marginally as she exhaled sharply.  “Why you?”
A hard edge flashed in Dean’s eyes.  “You can’t help yourself can you.  Always trying to analyze, calculate, and fucking assume what the other person is thinking.  You aren’t the arbiter of my feelings, and you shouldn’t jump to conclusions.  What I was going to say is this thing between us is not something I’m willing to simply walk away from.  Friends aren’t easy to come by when you live on the road.”
Unable to stay seated, Cas stood up and started pacing.  His body trembled as he thought of breaking the news to Dean.  Just another secret.  Another lie.  “Fuck,” he said before rounding on Meg.  “What does Azazel have to do with all this?”
Shrugging the hunter lifted his head briefly before tucking his chin back to his chest. “We've seen a lot of each other lately. I know I’m asking too much.”
Everyone was assembled by the time they arrived, and the main part of the restaurant had been transformed into a replica of a large conference room.  Victor stood at the front alone.  “Now that everyone is here, we can start.  Most of you know me, but for those of you just joining us I am Special Agent Victor Henriksen, and I am in charge of this task force.  This is Bobby Singer he will be the liaison between the FBI and the hunters.  And as most of you know that is Dean Winchester.  A hunter and now a Special Agent.”  Victor pointed at the back of the room and every head turned to stare at Dean.  “With him is my former partner Special Agent Castiel Novak and Dean’s current partner.  Winchester is in charge of the training program for those of you who will be in the field.  Novak will be the immediate supervisor of our tactical teams.  Any questions?”  The room remained silent, so Victor continued.
“I wasn’t sleeping.” Julian shifted again, and Cas heard him get up. Castiel’s bed dipped as Julian sat down.
Victor gave Cas a speculative look to which Cas could only shrug his shoulders.  They were prepared for debate or discussion about their requests, but they should have known better.
“Don’t you fucking dare, Dean. And I have every idea because if I don’t walk in on this shit, I hear about it all the damn time. And now I’m subjected to the evidence of it. You’re both assholes. You know that, right?”
Dean watched as Cas’ eyebrows pinched and his lips turned down.  The angel looked pained, and he sounded it when he said, “That makes me sound terrible.”
“If that’s the case, maybe you should listen and stop doing it.  At least tell me you stopped and ate.”
Dean leaned up and kissed Cas gently.  “Anger doesn’t belong here.  And I feel at peace when we’re here, especially in this room.  This is where I finally accepted I was in love with you and wanted a life with you.”
Cas laughed at Dean’s unhappy expression. “Just because you drive a behemoth doesn’t mean our friends are obligated to.”
Shifting away from Dean, Cas sat up, planting his feet firmly on the ground. Dean curled up behind him, rubbing his hip gently. “Fostering is important to me, but I also want to be there to see our baby come into this world.”
“I’ve never heard someone wail like that and then you started yelling. I wanted to break the fucking door down.”
Cas laughed, nodding along with her statement as he caught Dean’s pout.  Wrapping his arm around Dean he tugged him closer and gave him a kiss on his temple.  “She’s not wrong.”
“You,” said Cas as he watched Dean roll out a crust for the pie he insisted on making.  Dean raised an inquisitive eyebrow as if asking for more detail.  “I guess I never pictured you standing in a fancy kitchen with an apron on, baking.”
Shaking his head, Cas sighed, “Fuck, what kind of person does that make me.  Punishing the one person I have total faith in.  The man I love who I know loves me with all his heart.”
“Moving on,” said Charlie, “Cas, I’m assuming you are planning to stay with Dean until this is cleared up, but that doesn’t mean you can ghost us.  You haven’t taken a single call and your partner is cranky so answer your damn phone.”
Finally turning from the window, Sam said, “That’s pretty obvious. He’s been holding out on us. And since he is not here to ask, how about we move on. What are you doing here and what happened?” Hazel eyes stared down at Dean.
“We had help from everybody, but I took a lot of them when we were all at the Inn that first time,” replied Jacob.  “And you know Mom.  She’s always been a writer, even if she won’t acknowledge it.”
“That I wanted it to be someone else. She called me out on it and when said talked about the woman I must be hung-up on I flinched. I don’t know, but somehow, she just knew about me. About my…” Dean looked at Sam with fear in his eyes.
Sighing, Cas said, “I don’t want old times Dean. We can’t go back. If we are going to be in each other’s lives again, it has to be different.”
Charlie chuckled as she shook her head. “Our little angel always so literal.” Said angel huffed, “I am not little.” This statement had Charlie and Pamela bursting with laughter which caused Cas to scowl. When the women’s laughter subsided, Pamela said, “Cas, did you notice anything special about your speech this morning?”
“Ugh, don’t remind me of that.”  The angel patted his arm as if to console him.  “How are you doing?  You must be tired.”
“Of course, Dean,” said Cas with a patronizing lilt to his voice.  Dean bumped his shoulder into Cas, and the angel turned to face him.  As soon as their eyes locked, they smiled at each other.  Cas nodded before returning his attention to their guest.
Hours later Dean found himself curled up in his bed. The silence of the bunker did not allow him to hide from his thoughts. The half-gone bottle of whiskey in his hand wasn’t working either. Images of Castiel plagued his every thought. The badass angel who greeted him in that barn and threatened to throw him back in hell. The strange feelings those moments elicited in his own body. His consistent efforts to ignore those reactions. Images of his angel ready and willing to face death at every fucking turn. His intent to do good, obvious in everyone of those actions. As those thoughts slammed through his mind, he remembered his own blinding panic whenever his friend was lost to him. The excruciating pain of waiting for him to return. The fear that he never would. Through it all there was one overarching fact. Dean needed the angel as much if not more than the angel needed him.
Sam watched, mesmerized, as all the tension bled out of his brother’s body. With a sigh of relief, Dean lifted his head and looked at Cas. The love they shared was written all over their faces. Sam found himself releasing his own sigh of relief.
Sam nodded his agreement, leaving hastily. He looked back over his shoulder, catching Dean’s eyes. He looked as if he was trying to smile reassuringly, but it was closer to a grimace. Dean waved him off with a slight shake of his head. “Yeah I can do that,” he said as he turned his attention to Carmen. They worked in silence until they were carrying items out to her car. Dean stopped her with a hand to her elbow. “I wish I could explain myself better.”
When she arrived, she didn’t waste any time.  “Would you like to tell Dean why you requested this meeting, Castiel?”
“Instead of answering, the teenager perused the documents, stopping on several items. “How’d you get all this?”
The light shining in the window woke Cas from a fitful sleep.  The warmth on his face felt good after so many nights spent in the damp cell.  He dragged his heavy eyelids open and looked around the room.  He sensed Dean was no longer in the bed with him, and his suspicions were confirmed when he saw the hunter sitting at the corner desk.  Dean’s head was bent down studying his phone.  A frown marred his features and left Cas feeling unsettled.  He must have let a sound slip because suddenly Dean’s head whipped up.  Their eyes locked, and the frown vanished behind a tentative smile.  “I’d say good morning, but with how restless you’ve been the last hour and how late we were up, I doubt it’d be the truth.”
Cas took the last step between them, cutting Dean off when he said sharply, “What do you want to know?”
Dean grunted and pulled his hand out of Cas’s grip, elbowing him in the process.  “Not you, too.  It’s bad enough Bobby’s giving me a hard time.  Now you’re piling on.”
“Yes, really,” said Dean.  “I want you.  I’ve always wanted you.  Even when I was royally pissed, I still wanted you.  If I didn’t know better, I’d think you put a spell on me that first night.”
After joining him, Dean let the conversation go.  He laid Cas out on the bed and undressed him slowly.  He kissed the newly revealed skin as he massaged the tender muscles.  Each press of his hands elicited quiet moans from Cas.  He let those moans be the only sound in the room until Cas was stripped bare.  “You know I love touching you this way, but I would prefer it simply be for pleasure and not because you have exhausted your body and hurt yourself.”
‘Yep, so that’s definitely what this is about Dad.’ Claire rounds on Dean. ‘He was talking about heading home early earlier. Maybe he doesn’t feel like you would want him here with your new boyfriend?’
Cas puts his phone down. Hadn’t expected someone who did so much travelling to be so terrified of flying.
‘He might be getting too old for you to call him uncle Sammy.’ Claire peers around the bear still holding her in a bone crunching hug, a smile spreading across her face.
Her friends were playing it cool, telling everyone who would listen about how they had met Jack. They knew enough to keep quiet about her dad, for which she was grateful. Her surname was Novak. They had chosen to change her name legally when she was adopted by Cas, to help keep her anonymity as she grew older.
True to form, Lisa took over the house when she arrived. Ben followed her everywhere. They arranged day trips and not once did Lisa think to include Dean. Ben would quietly ask his dad if he wanted to come and Dean would respond with a shake of his head and a small smile.
‘Yep, probably next month, all being well. Dean is doing an interview next week and it’s going to be one of the questions.’
Cas was his friend. He was pleased he had a girlfriend if she made him happy, even if she was a bit odd.
His reply pings back pretty instantly. Heart eye emojis, followed by crying emojis. Dean guffaws, ‘He says ‘my baby is all grown up’. Let’s take that as approval.’
‘Ok, then. Moving to a slightly different part of your personal life then, you announced to fans at a concert that you have a grown up daughter.’
‘Dad and Sam and Jack will come round tomorrow and spend the day with us before they head off. It’s nice, feels like it used to then. If only for a while.’
Ellen holds both his arms in hers and gives him a motherly smile, admonishing him to eat better and get more rest.
‘Pancakes everyone?’ Dean strode to the stove and starting grabbing batter ingredients and cooking equipment from the cupboards in front of him.
Cas basks in the warmth of his sister and her boyfriend. His family have been very welcoming. He was apprehensive to come up for the weekend but he’s glad he made the effort now.
She heard him before she saw him. She hadn’t thought it could get much worse than this morning. But somehow, it was. Dean pulled up in front of her on a brand new motorcycle. ‘What do you think?’
‘I have been less effective in the battlefield since losing my wings. But I have saved both Sam and Dean several times since using my other powers.’
‘We should go out for wine soon?’ Jody had met Sam and they had soon bonded as well, Jody taking the two travelling waifs under her wing. The three of them were sat drinking in Jody’s garden one evening.
‘I mean I know you said it wasn’t, but it really does sound like a breakup. Well, I look forward to meeting him sometime.’
Eventually Castiel and Sam agreed it was time to go. Dean was very aware that Lisa would be arriving the next day and would dominate Ben’s attention for the next week.
Cas smiled at Sam, but didn’t say anything. They finished their ice cream soon after and headed out, giving Anna and Balthasar a wave through the window. They had bought Sam’s Mustang. The sound of the engine echoed around the other cars as Sam backed slowly out of the space. Balthasar kept his eyes locked on Cas the whole time.
He was heading towards the exit, leaving Ben behind to carry on the party. He had had enough of schmoozing for one night. A hand on his shoulder gave him pause. He knew instinctively who it was.
Sam and Eileen tried to encourage Dean to date for a while. He paid lip service to it a couple of times. Never even pecked any of the girls on the lips. His heart wasn’t in it. Sam tried to broach the topic, but always got shut down with ‘I’m just living my long and happy life how I want to Sam.’
Dean just ignores the comment and carries on speaking. ‘He’s my best friend.’ Casually, like Balthasar isn’t looking at him like he wants to eat and/or punch him. It gives Cas a warm feeling. Acceptance, love, whatever it is he likes it. Dean carries on oblivious to the machinations in Cas’ brain, ‘It’s nice to meet someone who used to know Cas. I need to know all the juicy details. Eileen has told me some stories, but she’s on her brother’s side, won’t give me all the gory, messy stuff.’
Dean Jr doesn’t quite know how to react. His stands very formally and extends his hand, ‘It’s a real honour.’
Cas stopped short when he caught Sam and Claire watching, sighed and ran his hands through his hair. He sat down inside, exhausted. ‘That man will be the death of me.’
‘I’m beat, but I don’t want to leave you alone on your birthday. Want to come and watch a film in my suite?’
Dean really thinks he might die when he hears the husky voice quietly say ‘Hello Sam’, in greeting when he was finally put down.
He half turned when the door opened again, expecting Sam, a smile already forming. The person who came through the door was not who he expected.
Dean has tried to deny his feelings for so long. Tried to persuade himself it was just close friendship he craved. But having seen Cas today, he knew now that he could no longer deny it, to himself at least. He was in love with Cas.
‘All the time! Dad thought it would help him and uncle Cas out when Eileen moved in with Sam. Uncle Cas has his own room too.’
Balthasar was pretty game. Cas was grateful he hadn’t had to have the conversation about his work and, inevitably, Dean today.
‘I see. Well, don’t worry then. You keep your date. I’ll get Amara to take me.’ He would probably ask Sam or Ben, but Cas didn’t need to know that.
The following weekend, Cas dropped Claire off with her overnight bag at Jody’s house. After a brief hug, he headed off to collect Balthasar and Rowena.
‘Yes. I think,’ a breath, ‘I think this is more of a show than tell thing.’ And Cas crossed the gap to press his lips against Dean’s.
Cas and Dean decided a movie marathon was the only option. They powered through the Lord of the Rings trilogy. By the time they reached the Hobbit, Dean was desperate for a shower and some food. They agreed that he would shower while Cas made sandwiches.
‘Dean this isn’t your fault. Lisa knew what she was getting into. And she can decide when she’s had enough.’
Eileen starts giggling and signs to Sam, who nods back. It’s too dark and her hands were too low for Cas to make out what she said.
Cas hadn’t seen their new music played live. Hadn’t been to a concert since that terrible experience with Amara. He had forgotten. Well, not forgotten, but memories never do the real thing justice.
‘Dean, I’m serious. I used to date a doctor. We need to get it looked at. Don’t put on a brace face for me.’
‘I’m sorry I’m intruding on family dinner. I can go.’ Cas stands near the door. The others have gone through to the next room, Dean is almost at the doorway. He stops and turns back at Cas’ words.
A warm feeling glows in Dean’s chest, the feeling growing as he spends time with his friend. Oh god, he knew he had missed Cas but he hadn’t realised how much.
Dean gave him a hug. Turned for Sam and Eileen. Then to Cas who was stood next to them. The hug was a little awkward. ‘Thank you for coming buddy.’ He gave Cas a slap on the back, perhaps a little harder than he intended. ‘Always, Dean.’
She pottered around trying to find a book she hadn’t read in Dean’s collection. She felt a vibration in her pocket and pulled out her phone. It was Beth.
‘And I got a bonus dad in Dean out of it and an incredible uncle in Sam, and look at what they taught me. I think my mother would have been a bit scared of them and the life they lead. But it’s not as bad as it seems on the outside. I grew up knowing I was loved because of you and Dean and Sam. You both showed me what real family is.’
On their honeymoon, Cas and Dean loaded the boat. It had been a long road to get there, but they were finally married. They hadn’t wasted time once they had realised their feelings for one another. Dean had let their house in LA as he had planned, moving in with Cas within a couple of months. Claire had enjoyed them living together as a family again. They had got engaged the summer before Claire left for college. Dean had planned the surprise proposal. Claire and Jack had been his co-conspirators. Sam had distracted Cas for the day while they set up (neither of them will ever tell the other three that Cas knew about Dean’s plan but hadn’t wanted to spoil it).
He was done. He knew he was nothing famous, not noteworthy. Eventually he made an excuse to Gabriel on returning from the bathroom and left. He tried to say goodbye to Cas but couldn’t break into the group. He gave up. He missed the expression on Cas’ face as he turned just as Dean walked out the door, being interrogated by a heavily made up ‘date’ to one of the men Cas was speaking to at just that moment.
She’s surprised to see him awake. Not reading, staring off into the distance, his book discarded at his side.
‘I’m just trying to work out what’s best to do for Claire.’ He sighed, ‘Do you think we should send her to stay with you during holidays? So she gets more time with you?’
‘Yeah, just got here. Thought I would take a break stretch my legs after a long drive. The new place is just up there.’ He gestured behind Cas to the block that Cas knew well.
‘More like an angel friend Dad.’ John’s eyebrows reach the ceiling. ‘Cas saved me. Has saved all of us. So many times. Cas is our friend.’
Her friends were flabbergasted. Part of her loved this bit. She wasn’t so worried about people finding out, like she had been in the past. She found it fun now.
Lisa gets up and looks for her jumper. She turns back and flashes a smile at Dean. ‘Come for breakfast?’
She squeals and jumps up to wrap her arms around both of them. ‘Ow Claire, too high and loud for this time of the morning! Go on, go and get ready or you’ll be late!’
Beth grabbed her arm mid story, ‘So your brother Jack who you talk about all the time, the weird nerdy goofball, is that Jack!?!’ She nodded, ‘Wow! So you grew up with Jack as your brother, and your Dad and Uncle... just wow!’
Cas grabs napkins to help him mop up and dab as much off Dean as he can. His T-shirt is ruined. He does not continue the conversation.
Sam and Eileen arrive eventually. Cas and Dean are on their second drink (third including the whiskey). Sam would have fit in well at the hotel bar in his smart suit, but he loosens his tie and takes off his jacket and settles in. He’s clearly familiar with the place.
‘Yeah you should see him when he’s in full smitey mode, it’s awesome.’ Dean shivers in memory, giving his dad a big grin.
‘He had to head back to LA. Something to do with his house, I think he’s got a contractor in or something.’ Cas nodded. Dean had mentioned something about an appointment in LA today.
He kicks off his shoes and is about to climb onto the bed for a nap, when he hears the bunker door clang.
With tears steaming down his face, Cas murmured quietly, ‘I never wanted you to go. I didn’t want to make things difficult for you. And all I’ve done is ruin everything. I’m sorry.’ He turned round and walked the five miles home.
Dean watches the exchange quietly, suddenly grateful for his new friends. Wondering how they already seemed to treat him like family, better than his own family treated him.
Dean licks his lips slowly, bringing his hand up to his mouth. ‘I mean yeah, you did alright, I suppose.’ He smirked, admiring the view.
‘Pretty gruelling schedule while I’m here. This is my only real downtime, thought it would be easier if I stayed in a hotel as I won’t see you guys most days anyway.’ Nodding at Sam and Eileen, ‘The network is paying. I’ve got a whole suite. Huge bathroom, room service on a tab, the works!’
Cas purses his lips. ‘Dean, I wished to introduce you to a colleague.’ He holds Dean’s elbow as he guides him away.
Jack spoke at his side, ‘Did you and Dean have a fight again?’ Cas looked round sharply, he didn’t know Jack had woken up.
They took lazy walks along the beach, drank coffee on beachside cafes and caught up on one another’s escapades.
‘We took a bit of a break. While I was away. Seen her a few times since I’ve been back. And Ben. He’s a great kid. Really missed him.’ Dean smiles warmly. ‘Uh, them. Lisa too obviously.’ His expression then guilty.
A few weeks later Dean decides to head out to Singapore where Ben’s latest film is premiering the following week. Ben gets him an adjoining room in the historic Raffles hotel. They sit on the veranda and drink Singapore Slings while catching up the night Dean arrives.
Rowena was in the corner reviewing the Book of the Damned to see if it had anything useful. She spoke up after a few hours.
He makes some progress on setting up a framework for the project, but decides he’s done enough by the time 5pm arrives so he leaves the office on time and heads home.
The reality was a little different. She still worked constantly, but it made her happy. He was exhausted. He didn’t like to complain, he wanted to support her, he did support her and was pleased she was doing so well. He was conscious that moaning about their lifestyle would make him come across as chauvinistic, that was not his intention. This has nothing to do with the fact that his wife was the main bread winner, he didn’t care, he was a feminist, it’s the 21st century for god’s sake. He just needed a break and felt like something had to give.
Michael and Adam showed up. Chuck killed them. Jack absorbed his power. Billie got angry, tried to kill them all. The Empty showed up in the middle of all of it, tried to take Cas. It was a shambles.
Dean stood and watched, slightly detached. Unsure how he felt. He had grieved for his father for a long time. He had made peace with the man and his mistreatment of him and his brother. He was numb.
‘You sure about that? No one has seen you in months. I haven’t seen you! Has Claire got a friend with a hot mom?’
They walked round to the sitting room area which was to the left of the entrance hall. This room has bifold doors along the back opening onto a huge decking area. The house was set high on the side of the mountain. There was a relatively small grass area, a pool over near the trees, and then a sharp drop which gave way to beautiful views of the snowy mountains. The sunrises and sunsets from the deck would be stunning.
Cas spent the night in a hotel. He called Charlie in the morning to find out where Claire was, with her watching Dean. He came to pick her up. He almost cried at the thought of saying goodbye to her. He loved her so much.
Dean held out his hand, she presented her hand in return, palm down. He leant down to kiss her hand ‘Enchante’. She burst out laughing.
After the third glass, conversation moved to Dean and speculation about what type of pie he was conjuring up in the kitchen back at the lodge.
Bobby gives him an odd look, ‘Your folks have got a place not far from here,’ he points to the foot of the hill in the distance. ‘Gonna go visit?’
‘Look, Cas, I won’t, I promise. But you aren’t going to be the one ruining that relationship, believe me.’
Gabriel watches the exchange with growing excitement. ‘Guys, can we start filming this as background.’ Dean makes a hasty retreat as Ben shows Cas how to do  a ‘cool guy’ handshake. It’s frankly hilarious. Gabriel catches it all on film. He asks them to read some dialogue, they nail the emotion of the scene, in Dean’s opinion. Gabriel seems very pleased.
When she finally closes the front door on her friends, she’s so grateful for the peace and quiet of the dark house.
The bar is empty aside from the two of them. Dean gets up to hit the head before getting going. That thought gives him pause. Where is he going to go? He can crash with Bobby he supposes. But after that...?
He slumped back into the sofa groaning. Cas was starting to unfurl. ‘Coffee, Claire, coffee,’ he muttered, clutching his head.
‘Love you Dad.’ With a playful punch followed by a quick hug, ‘See you tomorrow. Are you coming to the house? Seems silly to camp out in your hotel room as you’re so close?’ His smile falters as he nods, but he’s beaming as she steps away.
A broken smile and a heavy sigh answered her words. “I’m not sure I truly know how to love. There is so much joy when I love, but in the next breath there is overwhelming pain.”
“More like sad,” said Sam as he walked down the stairs with his duffle bag flung over his shoulder. It was one Dean gave him their first Christmas without Mary. It had not aged well, but Sam never seemed to care. He refused to replace it. The sight of it made Dean smile. “As I was throwing the last items in this bag, I realized how much I’m gonna miss this place.”
After dreaming of the green-eyed man, Cas knew he may not need Dean, but he understood now that he wanted him. Wanted every part of the man. Body, mind and soul. All of which the hunter had worked to improve for himself and for Castiel. The angel knew how hard it was for Dean to admit his weakness, his fear, and to seek help. To stay sober and step away from hunting. Each of these was life-changing and the least the angel could do was forgive him and trust the changes. They both deserved a chance to find out what their relationship could become now that they were breaking free of past encumbrances.
The kindness and genuine concern in her eyes didn’t truly surprise him, but it did put a crack in his well-constructed wall. He found himself saying, “I have to plan for when it’s time to leave.” He cringed at the admission, but thought,
Pushing forward, now that she at least got Castiel to acknowledge the man’s name, she posed her next question. “And wasn’t he at the bar with you.”
This time Dean let himself smile.  “When has that ever stopped us?  We always figure this shit out.  What we don’t do is quit?”
“There’s no doubt there.  Whenever I get the pleasure of touching you, it is a given.”  Dean lifted his chest off of Cas.  “Now that you’ve been thoroughly kissed, I am going to continue to undress you.”  Dropping back down to the floor, he once again knelt between Cas’s legs.  He finished removing Cas’s pants, and his boxers soon followed.  It left Cas hard and aching.  His need must have shown because Dean did not hesitate.  He gripped Cas’s cock and stroked it slowly.  The touch was there and gone so fast Cas nearly lost it.
“Mmmm…it was.”  Cas lowered himself and laid down next to Dean.  It took several minutes for Cas’s breathing to even out enough to get up and clean them off.  When he laid back down in the bed, he said, “Dean?”
“Well, a day ago I would not have had an answer for you.  I wasn’t sure you would forgive me or welcome me back into your life.  But after last night, I have hope.  I see myself at your side.  I see you in my life.  I see us working together.”
“I didn’t even know she owned the building or that it was her husband’s garage before Bobby bought the business. And the house…” Dean turned his head to look at his friend. “How could she leave me her house? There has to be someone else. Someone who knew her longer.”
Dean and Cas laughed as Sam stomped out of the room. They held each other and laughed until Dean pulled back to look in the gorgeous blue eyes of his boyfriend. “You really are okay. Right?’
Charlie bumped her shoulder into Dean’s. He looked over to see her rolling her eyes. “Cas, you introduced us to Omari at one of your shows.” Cas’s face flushed as Sophie chuckled next to him. “Why is he back in Sudan?” asked Charlie.
“It’s not just about Marta.  It has something to do with who Meg really is.  He wouldn’t give me any information, and just kept saying he had to talk to Marta.  Do you know where she is?”
Cas lifted his head, which felt way too heavy and muddled.  “My issues with food,” he let out in a pained whisper.  Dean stepped closer, bringing his hands to rest on Cas’s wrists, a wary expression on his face.  Cas groaned, “This is what I mean.  I hurt you and here you are comforting me.  It’s ridiculous.  It’s all so stupid.”
Cas sat down and picked up his fork, and Dean did the same.  Between bites, he started, “It was so far from what we expected.  My life is filled with unknowns and surprises, but this…this was a clusterfuck and I’m not sure what to do with any of it.  Sam’s not in any better shape.  Bailed out as usual.  Not that I blame him.  I wanted to run.  God did I want to run, but it wasn’t an option for me.  It’s not the way I’m programmed.”  Dean looked away and visibly drooped.
The words snapped Dean out of his stupor. “What the fuck? No, Cas. You can barely stand and you think I would let you face this alone. No way. Forget it.”
“A lot of factors,” said Cas. “Policing an unfamiliar area is bad enough, but not knowing a single person you are serving is uncomfortable at best.  It certainly made me a better cop, even if my superiors didn’t see it that way.”
“You are most welcome Castiel.  I never agreed with keeping the truth from you, but it was the role I was given.”  The angel nodded, accepting the truth of her words without hesitation.
“Calm down. That is not what this is about. Cas is going through some issues and he needed help from Charlie and me.” Warring emotions flew across Dean’s face. Sam waited patiently for his older brother to settle on one feeling. Predictable as ever, Dean ignored his concern for Cas and pushed past it to focus on his anger over Charlie. “Wait. Charlie is in on this crap, too. Why are you dragging her into this heaven, angel shit?”
Cas heard a rustling sound before Dean said in a muffled voice, “Think you left out some details there.”
Sam eyes opened wide, but he kept his mouth shut. “And not to piss you off more, but I kinda told her my name was Dean and I didn’t have a weapon or holy water or even salt on me.”
“I agree. You got more than I expected. We already have people running the names, dates, and places. For all her indifference, his mother was not happy the dad called a lawyer. I think maybe she knows a bit more than we first thought. Maybe not about the kid, but about her husband. And it looks like she’s chosen a side. While you were in there, she walked Riley through some of their finances and disclosed some other suspicious real estate purchases. Preliminary observations suggest money laundering.”
First I hated the way Charlie died.  It was ridiculous that Styne was only being chained by one arm.  They kept Crowley in the dungeon for a long time.  If they could hold the King of Hell, one souped-up human would not escape.  They made everyone look incompetent.
Dean slid the kids’ pizzas into the oven and started to clean the counters.  “You know you’re sharing that.”
“Okay,” whispered Cas as he locked eyes with Dean.  The silent exchange was fraught with worry and questions.
“No,” Cas said as he shook his head.  “I should have spotted it myself.  When I talked about Hannah with him, I only talked about her qualifications and why I thought she was suited to the job.  I hadn’t seen her for over two years, so I didn’t…”  His voice trailed off, and Mara finished for him.
“Cas is a remarkable man, Dean.  You know that better than anyone.  The sacrifices he is willing to make, the risks he takes.”
When they were both clean and dried, Dean stepped out of the bathroom first, his his head bowed.  He sat down on the bed and spread his legs, making room for Cas to stand between his knees.  When Cas stepped into the space, Dean leaned forward and rested his head on Cas’s stomach.  When he wrapped his arms around Cas’s waist, he sighed shakily.  The day’s events had finally caught up to Dean and all traces of humor had vanished.
“Maybe ‘cause you know she’s right.  She’s worried about you.  We all are,” Dean said with emphasis before whispering, “How much more can your body reasonably take, sweetheart?”
Cas shook his head. “Too much cleanup.” Before Dean could protest, Cas engulfed his cock. It was over quickly, what with the skillful tongue of his husband and the insistent pressure on his prostate.   “See, no cleanup,” said Cas, triumphantly.
“No doubt about that,” Dean said as he stood up, pulling Cas up with him. He did not release Cas’s hand as they walked back to their home. Mary and Missouri were waiting at the edge of the yard. Cas didn’t want to discuss his sister’s unexpected, and if he was being honest with himself, unwelcome visit. Dean squeezed his hand before letting it go. He let Dean take the lead, let his husband explain the situation to their mothers. Only after they nodded did he join them. He received hugs from each of them but neither pushed for more. It took a bit of time for him to settle back into the swing of the party, but Rhonda and her kids, much like Dean, always found a way to make Uncle Cas shed his stoic nature for one of joviality.
The briefing did not take long.  Everyone was familiar with the details of the previous cases.  Hunters and agents had already exchanged all their information, and yet were no closer to solving the case.  Waiting for a new case had been their only recourse.  They hoped a faster response time with more bodies on the ground would make the difference.  With no time to waste, Victor quickly assigned the teams and their roles.  “We leave in an hour.  Garth will be joining after he finishes the clean up on his current job.  Ellen will be sending a couple other hunters.”
It took but a moment for Dean’s eyes to spill over with tears as his body shuddered. Cas slid his hands up Dean’s body. He gripped him by the back of the neck and the shoulder. His touch seemed to ground Dean. His body stopped shaking enough for him to say, “I thought I’d never hear that again.”
Charlie’s scream echoed through the building.  Heads popped out of offices.  All eyes turned to her.  “We’ve got it.”
Cas flinched but managed to keep his feet firmly planted even though a huge part of him wanted to run away.  “I did,” he said with a strained voice.
With another deep breath, Dean turned to face Cas.  “You don’t really get to lecture me when you haven’t exactly been taking care of yourself.  Besides, this,” he said holding up his now empty glass, “is recent and temporary.  Seeing you was…it fucking sucked, Cas.  There was this moment when you first looked at me, that I thought you…”  Dean’s body shuddered and he shook his head, turning away.  “Doesn’t matter, what I thought.  We’re here now and it feels all wrong.”
Dean shook his head. “Well, plans change.” Cas didn’t move from the top step. Dean stared up at him with a frown. “Unless you don’t want me to.”
“Yeah, shit…sorry.  But ever since Carmen brought it up, I haven’t been able to get it off my mind.  I thought about having kids before, but it seemed like a distant dream.”  Dean was fidgeting, clenching his fist and running his other hand over the tablecloth.
Dean practically jumped at the sound of Cas’s deep voice behind him. He hadn’t heard him open his door or come down the stairs, so he snapped when he asked, “What the fuck? How long were you listening?”
Cas held firm as Dean thrust his hips.  Continuing his ministrations, he swirled his tongue, flattening it against Dean’s hole every few seconds.  Dean writhed and moaned, trying desperately to press back into the heat of Cas’s mouth.  Spearing his tongue, he breached the tight muscle, and Dean’s body arched violently.
“I talked to the guy who owned the shop.  Dean started working full-time for him about three months after he was hired.  So, best guess, he dropped out to take care of Sam.  The guy never met John, and he didn’t remember Dean mentioning him at all.”
I want to welcome all the new subscribers and thank you for joining this journey. I would love to hear from you.
Years of pent up emotions, years of buried pain spilled out with every crack of his voice and with the tears spilling freely down his cheeks.  Cas felt broken and exposed in that moment, unsure whether he could withstand the ache in his chest.  Hands on his face, cupping his cheeks and gentle kisses wiping his tears away allowed him to breathe, loosening the vice around his torso.  “Shh…I’ve got you,” Dean breathed against his cheek, brushing his lips over Cas’s jawline.
Cas pulled Dean’s hands apart, stopping him from violently twisting them together. “Let me, my love.” Dean nodded his agreement, so Cas turned to Pamela. “Without our lawyer and Rhonda and Benny’s lawyer, we would have been lost. Adopting Benjamin was not our intention when this all started. We thought we would be all three children’s legal guardians. But the legal situation made adoption the best option.”
Reaching for the handle, Dean took a deep breath. He opened the door slowly. “I’m coming in. Okay?” As he cleared the door, he saw Cas struggling with his shirt. His hands were shaking as he tried to button it. “Hey.” Dean pulled Cas’ hands away. “Just hold on a second. I need to bandage some of these cuts.”
Swallowing his words, Cas muffled a laugh and swiftly changed the subject.  “Shep sent the order clearing us to meet with Spencer.”
Cas’s heartrate kicked up with each passing second as he watched Dean’s distress increase ten-fold.  “Dean,” he pleaded, hoping to gain his attention.  He needed answers, but instead of turning to Cas, Dean bolted toward the door.  “Don’t you dare walk out that door without explaining yourself,” snarled Cas.  The words fell on deaf ears.  Dean walked out the door with his head hung low.  Cas heard him speak before the door fully closed.
“Dean, whether he sees those clothes or not, he’s going to figure it out.  It’s pretty obvious we’ve only used one bedroom.”
Shaking his head, Sam reiterated, “I said like a black site. With Derek’s location, I don’t think there is any doubt the military has him. The only question is where.”
“And as far as how she looks at me, she does it to antagonize you.  If you would ignore it, she’d stop because then it wouldn’t be nearly as much fun.”
The next hour was filled with conversation and food. Dean enjoyed it, but his mind kept wandering to what Cas had planned. Finally, Sam had enough. “What did you do to him?” he asked as he stared at Cas.
Dean dragged his eyes over Cas, and there was little question of what he wanted.  “Take your damn clothes off and come touch me.”  The raised brow and pursed lips told Dean what was about to happen.  Yep, Cas was going to torture him slowly, methodically, and no amount of begging was going to help.
“Love you, too.  But you know I didn’t just do that for you.  I want nothing more than to be alone with you.”  Dean’s cheeks flushed crimson, and he looked away.
“And I shouldn’t throw my…um…you know…in your face.” Dean tried to smile at Cas. “I promise I won’t ever put you in that position again.”
“Well, this time it was needed because I’m sick of losing to the she-devil.” Benny grinned at Charlie, making devil horns on his head.
Dean noted the sadness in Cas’ gruff voice.  A stab of guilt hit him as he said the partial truth, “I went to talk to Charlie and Pamela.”  The angel furrowed his brow and bit his bottom lip.  The action made Dean take notice of the swollen lip.  He had clearly been biting it while Dean was gone.  Without thinking, the hunter reached up and traced his finger along the lip.  He gave it a gentle press and Cas finally released it.  Traces of blood remained on his teeth and on the cracked lip.  At the sight, Dean whispered, “Heal it.”
Cas grabbed the hand Dean had wrapped around his chest, kissing the knuckles.  “One of many things.”
“It was the last time we checked Jimmy into rehab.  You were almost inconsolable when we got back to the car.  Up until then you had been so stoic, but I think you knew.  I think we all did and it’s why something broke in all of us that day.”
Only one chapter and the epilogue to go.  Both are written.  They just need to be edited, so they should be posted soon.
“She died giving birth to her son.  She named Billie as his guardian if anything happened to her.  They had grown very close during the months of her pregnancy.  I still don’t know exactly what their relationship was, but I know that Jack ended up right where he belongs.  Billie is a wonderful mother.  For the first few years of his life, she stopped taking in women.  His safety took priority.  It was only after Lucas finally ended up in prison that she restarted her work.  I’ve sent many women here over the years.”
“Okay.  See ya.”  Dean hung up quickly and jerked his head toward the door when he felt the telltale signs of someone watching him.  “Oh, hey, Cas.  Sam says he’ll be here the day after tomorrow.”
Pulling himself into an upright position, Cas eased himself into a more stable position on the scooter.  Once he was settled, they said goodbye to Meg and Dean pushed him from the room.  Looking back over his shoulder, Cas stated, “I think that’s enough for today, Carlos.  You should go get yourself settled at Charlie’s.”
was Sam’s caveat. Dean was taken aback, even as he understood the sentiment. Sam wanted Cas to know how much he respected him and how much he cared about his opinion. The scowl he received when Sam made his way up the stairs showed Dean’s eavesdropping had been discovered, and it was not appreciated.
Dean stopped his story and stared at his brother with a smirk on his face. “So that’s how I got a job.”
“How is that possible?  Does something distract you from that mission?” asked Dean, voice deep and sensual.
“Wait, so let me get this straight,” Dean countered, “You’ve never seen the devil and no one you know has either, but you still follow along.”
Cas pulled almost all the way out before rocking back in slowly. They fucked in that slow languid way for what seemed like hours. Totally enraptured by the drag of Cas’ cock along Dean’s walls. When both were breathing heavily and on the verge of tears, Cas pulled Dean up against his chest. Seated in Castiel’s lap, Dean lifted himself before slamming back down. They found a steady rhythm as Cas surrounded Dean with his arms, holding him tight to his chest. Dean’s cock found the friction he needed as it remained trapped between their sweating bodies. Shifting the mechanic slightly, the firefighter rammed against Dean’s prostate. On every thrust, he pounded mercilessly into that spot until Dean was babbling incoherently. Suddenly, Cas felt Dean stiffen and clench down on his cock. Dean’s mouth fell open in ecstasy as his body convulsed. His orgasm lit up every nerve-ending and the world around him whited out. As he watched Dean give himself up fully to his release, Cas thrust once more and then his orgasm ripped through him.
She nodded once before rounding the desk and taking a seat.  Dean did not wait for her to begin, and Cas smiled at his impatience.  “I wanted to thank you for working so fast to clear me.  I know it wasn’t how you wanted to do it.  So, yeah, just thanks.”
“Calm down.  How the fuck am I supposed to calm down?” he forced out between harsh breaths.  “You just…”  Cas’s voice broke as he began to sob.  Dean’s hands were on him instantly as he sat down next to Cas and gingerly pulled him into his arms.
“James is correct," interjected Marta.  "We all had options.  I myself had responsibilities here so I allowed James and Deborah to lead the training.  Once we learned of the scale, more people wanted to help.  And as the years passed without a visit from Hester, Samandriel and you, Castiel, we had to prepare ourselves for a different future.”
Standing to his full height, Sam pulled his older brother into a crushing hug. “I just never thought I’d hear you say that.”
“Not necessarily,” Cas interjected.  “Think about it.  Holding the contract of a hunter, one from a hunter family, would garner a whole lot of respect.  So maybe he lied about it.”
“No, you promised to do what I wanted.  What if I want to avoid it, ignore it, forget it?”  His voice grew more forceful at each declaration until Cas was practically seething.
Dean rolled to his side, taking Cas with him.  As they gazed into each other’s eyes, he said, “Even when I was angry and hurt, I needed your touch.  Yours are the hands that calm me.  That light a fire in me.  So, if you’ll have me, I’d like to live here with you.”
Glaring at the two of them, Sam stood his ground. “It’s not the first time I’ve seen you in panties while Cas fucks you, and I’m sure it won’t be the last. What I don’t understand this time is why now, when you have a hoard of guests waiting for you?”
Dean tensed, and Cas was sure he was going to pull away and deflect, but instead Dean tucked himself closer, angling his body so he could curl around Cas from head to toe.  He buried his face in Cas’s neck, making his voice muffled, effectively hiding any emotion in it.  “Don’t really have a home anymore.  I travel all over and getting back anywhere on a consistent basis seems pointless.”  Cas threaded his fingers through Dean’s hair, eliciting a quiet moan.  “I’m used to it by now,” Dean said, and then quickly asked, “Is your family in Chicago?”
Start at the current room. Five doors. Short corridor. Short corridor. Long hallway. Stop. Locked door. Small lab.
Tipping her head to face the sky, Pamela sighed heavily. “It's not my place to tell you. I already betrayed his trust by revealing what I did. Which by the way is the last thing he needs? If he finds out it will set him back. You can’t tell him you know.”
Standing, Sam approached the table and sat next to Charlie. He pulled her into his arms. “I understand. However you need to get through this is fine by me.”
“No. You and Pamela need to stay in Idaho and keep searching. They found some evidence that there is a bunker in Idaho. And Bobby said they are working on narrowing the search area. One of us will call when we know more.”
A heaviness came over the room. The weight seemed unbearable, but the angel knew he must fight against it. If not for himself, then for Charlie. He scanned the room, finding the little touches of his family throughout the room. Sam’s large handled mug, Charlie’s sweet cereal, Pamela’s whiskey. The vase of flowers Darla left on the table. The jars of honey painstakingly collected by Charlie. The corner table covered in Sam’s research. The collection of healthy cookbooks acquired by Pamela. Their dedication to his recovery was evident throughout this room and throughout the entire house. At the very minimum, he owed them an explanation.
“Dean, you know angels leave some of themselves behind when they vacate a vessel.  With the power and nature of an archangel, it stands to reason that what they leave behind would be more invasive and harder to compartmentalize.  And we have no idea how my being an angel in a body created solely for me affects this process.  But from what I feel…there is always this low thrum of his grace, and then it surges.  It feels like it is trying to entwine with my grace, trying to subdue me.”
“Sorry,” said Cas, cheeks flushing hot as he looked at Charlie.  “Uh…back to the topic.”  Turning to face, Dean he stated, “I had an idea, but I wanted to run it by you before I broached it with the team.”
“Let’s see.  Sammy’s not expecting me for a couple weeks and I had nothing else planned.  I don't like to pick up a new job this close to a scheduled trip to see him.”  Dean gently tugged his leg back, and Cas let it go.  Leaning forward, Dean continued, “And there was the added incentive of getting to stay in this fine establishment.  Aaand of course, there is the fact that I get to do this.”  Dean closed the gap between them with a predatory look in his eyes.  As soon as he reached Cas, he straddled him.  “Is it so hard for you to believe that I want to be here with you?”  Dean rocked his hips down as he brushed his lips across Cas’s mouth.  “Now, I think I’ve been…what was the word you used…ah…disciplined for long enough.”
There was little Cas could do. He had to accept it and move on or risk losing Dean for good. And after everything they had been through, he was not willing to give him up over his inconvenient feelings. Using that word to describe his feelings was just one of many steps Cas would take to bury his love for Dean. Over time he became very adept at compartmentalizing his emotions. Being in love with Dean didn’t go away, not that year or any year after. It didn’t go away with the parade of hook-ups and one-night stands Dean had over the years. It didn’t go away the few times Cas tried to date. It certainly didn’t go away at their prom when Dean walked in and Cas’s knees nearly gave out from how gorgeous the man looked. It didn’t go away when Dean bulked up to play football. At one point, Cas realized it wasn’t likely to ever go away. After that, it was easier for Cas to simply accept Missouri’s words.
Cas closed his eyes and laid his head back with a heavy sigh.  “I never want you to be afraid of me.”
Sam shifted his gaze away. “I don’t know, Dean.” The hesitation in his voice signaled the lie. Even if it was only a lie of omission. "For some reason you expect more from Cas. More than you have ever demanded of me. You have to figure that out, no one else can do that for you.”
An innocent look settled on the blue-eyed angel’s face and he tilted his head questioningly. “Whatever do you mean?”
Deep inside the structure, Meg searched frantically. Her outward appearance remained unflustered. She still presented herself as a snarky, self-assured demon, but internally she felt shattered. Like Garth and Charlie, Meg had seen blood, his blood. Having discovered the small lab, Meg found evidence of the experiments the angel endured. Skin, blood, hair, fingernails. Charts and pictures of his body. It was not the way the demon envisioned seeing Castiel naked. Part of her had always cared for the angel and wanted a chance to show him how much. The images of his battered body seared her mind and broke that part of her. As she left the lab and resumed her search, Meg called on the wrath of the demon. The one that had carried her through centuries. She tried to bury the last vestiges of her humanity.
Dean dramatically fell back on the bed clutching his chest.  “You wound me.”  He turned his head and smiled at Cas.  “I have better game than that.”
“Oh, but I could have so much fun with our feathered friend. Teach him a thing or two so he would be ready for you.”
Placing his hand on the back of Dean’s neck, Cas ran his fingers along the base of his hairline, damp with sweat.  Dean turned his head, burying his face in Cas’s neck, breath hot and rapid against him.  It sent shivers down Cas’s spine, even as he tried to cool the heat and desire between them.  With his other hand, Cas held Dean’s waist and gently pushed their hips apart.  In the space between them, Dean dropped his hands and buttoned his pants.  “Ready?” asked Cas.
Realizing his previous fall was clouding his thoughts, making him hesitate, Cas shoved the images aside and focused on the present.  The feel of the bench under his leg.  The solidity of the floor under his foot.  The touch of rubber under his hands.  The touch of Meg’s strong hand on his arm.  The warmth of Dean’s body pressed close to his side.  The man’s presence was what finally made him turn and say, “Okay, I’m ready.”
Remarkably it was Crowley who stepped in to answer. “I know we tease you and our dear angel, but we all saw it.” The hunter stared at him in utter confusion. “The moment it broke.”
, but it would be a lie.  Nothing had felt quite right since Cas drew that damn sigil on his chest.  He was angry, sad, guilt-ridden, and relieved all at the same time.  There was also this sense of loss hanging over him which was illogical because he had found Cas.  The angel was here and awake, but his relief over it was fleeting at best.  Part of the hunter feared what was to come.  Feared the next time Cas would make another suicidal decision.  The angel needed to stop putting Dean and Sam first.  He needed to give a shit about himself, and Dean had no idea how to make him see that fact.  Lashing out was his normal go to, but Cas was still weak and injured.
“For some reason you expect more from Cas. More than you have ever demanded of me. You have to figure that out, no one else can do that for you.”
“I found it here on earth. In the people who called me…” His voice shook and the stutter returned. “Fam…family, broth…er.” He paused, took a deep breath and composed himself. Finally making eye contact, he said, “Sam and Charlie are my family now. Even Bobby welcomed me into the fold before he died.”
Leaning over, Cas rested his head on Dean’s shoulder. “My grace is very weak after being shuttered by the warded restraints. I used what little I could access to break the locks.”
For some reason, their family and friends were prone to end up in the hospital. Sarah and Jenny became like their own personal nursing staff. Dean saw a shift happen the last time one of them was in the hospital. Dean had injured himself when they were playing football. It was not supposed to be tackle football, but his moose of a brother seemed to forget that fact when he was defending Dean, often leaving him with minor injuries and major bruises. The broken collarbone was the worst of the injuries and landed him in the hospital six months ago.  Sam had acted all flustered whenever Sarah came into the room, and he even blushed a few times. Cas somehow reined in Dean’s teasing, but he did manage to get in a few shots when Cas wasn’t in the room. Seeing Sam’s cheeks flaming red helped ease some of Dean’s pain. And Sammy kind of deserved it for slamming his huge body into Dean. The memory brought a smile to his lips, and when he looked at Cas, he saw a similar expression. They were both clearly lost in the same thoughts. Dean grinned wider and tugged Cas’s hand. “Let’s go see Sammy and his girlfriend.”
“My thoughts exactly,” said Cas.  "I'm sorry about..."  He gestured at Dean's face, glistening with Cas' cum.
Unable to contain himself any further, Sam said, “That doesn’t sound so bad Dean. I mean he will still be a photographer.”
“It’s been with me most of my life, Cas.  A lifetime of pent-up frustration building, layer by layer.”
“Bobby, I-” Dean started, but Cas did not hear the rest because Victor grabbed his arm and pulled him away from the door.  Shocked, Cas turned around to see a glare on his partner’s face.
Cas rolled his eyes and shoved a plate onto the table.  “Sit down, shut up, and eat your BLT.”  Cas’s harsh movement knocked the file folder onto the floor.  The contents spilled out, photo after photo on display.  Dean moved first picking up the images.  He studied the pictures with, what Cas could only call, knowing eyes.  “You recognize them?”
It did not shock Dean in the slightest, when Cas questioned God’s love and what it meant to be a good Christian. In fact, Dean wondered, at the time, how his best friend even attempted to hold onto that faith when his family threw him out for being gay. Yelling slurs. Calling Cas’ an abomination, saying God despised his kind, and telling him he was bound for hell, before opening the door and physically shoving him out the door. Empty handed, with only the clothes on his back and twenty dollars in his wallet, Castiel heard his mother say, “You are not my son. When I shut this door, I will forget your entire existence.” Those were the last words his friend heard from any member of his family. For a month, Cas disappeared. After enquiring at Cas’ home and having the door slammed in their faces, the Winchesters searched for Castiel. It was Mary who eventually found him, alone and hungry. After several weeks on their couch and Dean begging for Mary to adopt him, Cas moved into a group home and then next door into his one and only foster home.
Realizing there was no way back from his brief confession, Cas responded, “I haven’t spoken to you in nearly three weeks, Dean. The sound of your voice was fading from my mind and I missed it.”
“First, he is concerned about how he looks so please try not to stare at him. Second, physical contact is difficult for him so don’t touch him. Let him come to you. Third, don’t ask about what happened to him. He’s not ready to talk about it.” Dean was prepared for an onslaught of questions, but he received abject silence instead. Three sets of eyes looked at him with unconcealed pain. “Okay and that right there.” He waved at their faces. “You need to hide how you’re feeling better than that. He doesn’t want pity or tears.”
It all came crashing back down on him, when they returned to their hotel. Exhausted physically and mentally, Dean flopped down on the bed. Staring at the ceiling, he realized another day had passed without word. As the sun receded and darkness swept in, he couldn’t keep the negative thoughts at bay anymore. He let every fear wash over him. Shuddering and crying in their wake, forgetting he was not alone until the bed dipped next to him. “You can’t keep doing this to yourself. He wouldn’t want this for you.”
“Those are from working on an old Mustang.  Damn thing is so rusted, but it will be worth it when it’s all fixed up and I give it to Sammy.”
“Good to see you out of the hospital.”  Donna ran her eyes over his face, appraising him as she spoke.  “Didn’t quite go as planned I hear.”
Cas chuckled at the notion and the image that came to mind.  He sobered pretty quickly and said, “That must have been hard for you.”
“I’m not saying I didn’t think about it, but for me, this is something we share.  It’s not the same as jerking off.  It’s…I guess…sacred or something.”  Dean’s voice faded as he spoke, ending at a mere whisper with flaming cheeks and downcast eyes.  “Sounds, stupid.”
“Or if I’m on a case, and you are in the area.”  A veil had fallen over Dean’s eyes, and Cas couldn’t read a damn thing in them.  That shield made him realize he had overstepped, and what Dean had been trying to say was
“No, no, no,” she sing-songed as she flounced around the room, waving the shirt in the air.  “It’s my favorite one.”
Stoning was a punishment often used against women accused of adultery or other perceived "sexual crimes." Rape victims were charged as adulterers or charged for enticing men, while the rapists saw no punishment.  Even in the 21st century in parts of the world, rape victims are still accused of adultery or other sex crimes.  Some are sent to jail, others are forced to marry the rapist, and some are sentenced to stoning.
Throwing his hands in the air and walking away, Aaron said, “That is the most asinine thing I have ever heard you say.” Cas ignored the words in favor of observing his friend finally comply with his entreaty. He watched Aaron exit the room and listened to the sounds of muffled voices in the corridor.
Shrugging, Dean leaned forward a smacked a kiss on Cas’s cheek.  “I stand by it.  You’re cute when you’re all pissed off and glaring at me.”
Breaking into his musings, Jody said, “You know, Cas, there are a lot of kids like Alex out there.  Not her exact story, but ones who lost everything to something supernatural.  Bobby mentioned your team might be looking to get involved in some way.  If that’s true, keep the victims in mind.  We have limited resources and numbers and a lot fall through the cracks.”  She touched his arm and stared at him with naked emotion in her eyes.  Pain and loss and something unnamable.  “Just think about it.”
“I mean when we get on the airplane tomorrow, we are flying to Italy.  We are going to spend the rest of spring break visiting the city we were supposed to see together last year.  The city in which I was too consumed by terror and worry over you to appreciate in any way.”
Laughing, Castiel leaned closer to Dean. “You ask that now when they are already gone.”  Dean shrugged, and Cas said, “I’m sure.  It will be good for all of us.” Cas squeezed Dean’s hand and the ground gave way as the angel’s grace engulfed the hunter.  Blue and green swirled and peace swept over Dean.  Within a flash, they arrived on a long sandy beach.  The sky was filled with a beautiful array of colors.  Neither man moved as they watched the sun set and the colors shift with each passing minute.  At one point, Dean turned his head to look at Cas.  The angel was mesmerized, blue eyes shimmering in the fading light.  Dean had never seen him more beautiful.  It took his breath away.  The hitch drew Castiel’s attention, and he looked at the hunter.  The angel raised his free hand to Dean’s face.  He swept his graceful fingers across Dean’s cheek as he went to lean their foreheads together.  “I love you, Dean.”
Cas saw Bobby’s hesitation and tried to persuade him of the necessity.  “I get why you don’t want us involved, but we’re in it now.  And we need your help or we’ll be as blind as those hunters whose impatience cost four teens their lives.”
Dean waved his arm dramatically. “Okay, okay. I get it. No need to go into specifics, even if they would illustrate the point.” Dean’s smile faded, and his expression grew serious. “Rhonda, we will take care of your kids as if they are our own. I joke about this stuff, but Cas doesn’t ever take –”
“Because you just proved that you won’t pressure me.  You stopped us.  Even though I didn’t tell you anything, you knew and you stopped it.”
“The storm. It was abnormal. It felt wrong to me.” He looked down at his hands. His face hot with shame. “I am sorry I should have said something, but I brushed it off.” Charlie loosened her grip but refused to let go until he looked back up.
The look of abject desperation on Castiel’s face shook Dean to his core.  “Cas, no.  This is not what you need to be focused on right now.  I am just so happy that I get to be with you.  That you let me hold your hand.  That I get to see those beautiful blue eyes staring at me.  I don’t need anything else.”
Squeezing the green-eyed man’s hand, Castiel leaned forward. “I never needed you to be better for me.”
“I want this.  I want you.”  Dean’s confident tone faded as he added, “But I’ve never…I…well, I shouldn’t say never.”  Dean covered his face with his hands.  “This is ridiculous.”
His friend nodded. “He’s right Cas. We need the money, and you need to keep your name out there. Putting these in that particular show is perfect.”
The fight turned brutal, and all Cas and Dean could do was advance, letting the others hold the line.  As they ran forward, Cas looked over his shoulder only to see David fall.  Dean grabbed his arm and pulled him forcefully.  “We don’t have time.”  Cas didn’t respond as he kept his eyes trained on David, slowing their advance.  “Cas, eyes forward.  Now.”
Sam stood up and walked to the small refrigerator. He pulled out a bottle of water. “Here, maybe this will help.” He handed the bottle to Charlie. She proceeded to give it to Dean who was holding out his hand.
Darla chuckled lightly.  “I am not sure your hand gesture explains it very well.  Since the two of you seem to be avoiding the word let me fill it in for you.  Sex.  You are talking about a sexual relationship and whether it is feasible.  Now or in the future.  And what it means for you if it is or if it is not?”
A sly grin spread across Dean’s face. “Oh, really,” Dean said as he inched toward Cas. Sam saw what was coming a fraction of a second before Castiel. He tried to warn him, but it was too late. Dean closed the distance between them and dumped his bottle of water over Cas’s head before taking off down the trail. With one quick glance at Sam, Cas took off after Dean yelling, “You’ll pay for that.” Sam followed behind at a slow jog. When he caught up, he found Dean pinned to the ground, panting heavily and desperately pleading with Cas. Sam smiled at the cocky look plastered across Cas’s face. “You are just proving my point, Dean,” Cas said triumphantly.
“Maybe that is the problem, Cas.  We leave too many things left unsaid.”  Dean shuddered at the blurted words.  He was opening too many fissures.  If he kept this up, it would all leak out, so he had to harden himself.  Lashing out in anger was the easiest solution.  Part of him balked at the ire he was about to unleash on Cas.
