John’s urge to scream doubled in intensity. He took a breath. “Right. Okay. But do you... still get that vibe?”
“You asked what they bribed me with to do house swimming, and I said I signed myself up, and you asked why.”
“I’m not slurring, John. Do you think a Holmes would ever slur their words? Tsk. No. A sign of weakness.”
Massive thanks to this person on YouTube for making this very moving video about their experience with grief, and to @cmorris-art on Tumblr for sending it to me. This chapter was tough to write but this video helped.
Sherlock was holding a violin and talking to the boy sitting at the piano about something technical. A huge boy with the broadest shoulders and thickest neck Harry had ever seen was holding a banjo that looked comically tiny cradled in his thick arms, while a very skinny boy who looked as if he’d lived under a rock his entire life was sitting at a drum kit. A bassist looked on, fiddling with his pick.
“It can’t have been Angelo,” Sherlock said, and John tried not to resent his lack of empathy. “There’s no way he could have had access to a needle, or the sort of substances you’d need to inject to kill.”
“Oh, God, Nadia,” John breathed. The gravity of the situation came down upon him, finally – he had been too caught up in watching Sherlock twirl around and deduce that which surely could not have been true (
Sherlock looked at him and felt something he was unaccustomed to feeling. Apologetic, yes - wishing he hadn’t forgotten that this case was more than just a puzzle, yes - but he felt himself wishing he could have taken John’s place. That he could have gone through it instead of him. And he also felt a desire to cross what little space lay between them in their tiny bedroom and touch John, a hand on his shoulder in the same way John had awoken him from his half-slumber the other night. A desire to hold John close to him, offer him the comfort of his warmth, his skin.
Sherlock hesitated, and then nodded. Those pointless questions instantly regained their appeal and John wanted to ask
Without thinking, John sped up a little, but Sherlock seemed to have no problem keeping up. Until a kid skated into the back of him, knocking him off-balance. Immediately, John’s arm was around Sherlock’s waist, the other arm under his back, as his friend toppled over backwards. Sherlock was halfway to the floor when John managed to halt his descent, nearly himself falling over with the sudden weight in his arms. Sherlock was gripping his shoulder like a vice, eyes wide.
He heard the sound of Sherlock opening a bottle of something. “Why always the tone of surprise, John.”
If someone had told him on the day that he had received that first text that, just under four months later, he would be on a train in a blazer bought for him by the sender of that message, on the way to the sender’s house, voluntarily and with a bouquet of flowers for the sender’s aunt, he would have laughed in their face. But sitting on that train in that blazer with those flowers… it felt like the most natural thing in the world.
Sherlock put his finger to his lips as he had done the night before, then beckoned John out of bed with that same pale digit. John, after a moment of weary and confused hesitation, obliged, and half-stumbled down his ladder. He followed Sherlock to the radiator, where his friend was crouching. John did the same, and peered behind the apparatus. Sure enough, a tiny circular gadget was stuck somehow to the wall.
John opened the door just wide enough so that it wouldn’t look suspicious, but narrowly enough so that Lestrade couldn’t see into the room.
“I know, sweetie. School fees, clothes, food, the mortgage, I know it all needs taking care of. I’m doing my best. And everything's under control, I promise. We're in no danger, don't worry."
They came to a gentle hill. The small incline wouldn’t have been a challenge if it weren’t for the snow: as it was, by the time they’d reached its summit, both boys were panting, bodies hot from the exertion inside their thick coats.
Glen laughed. “You’re just scared you’ve been strung along like the rest of us. You thought you knew him better than we do? You thought - ”
As they approached the fence of the paddock, Sherlock called to the horses, whistling and clicking his tongue.
John waited for Sherlock to change, by which time most of the house had left the sports centre. When a pale hand pushed open the door of the male changing rooms, John stood up from where he was sitting on a gymnastics bench in the corridor.
He stood at his wardrobe for a long time that Sunday morning. Eventually, he decided on black jeans, into which he tucked a light pink shirt, and a dark blue jumper over the top. He tried to tame his bed hair into some semblance of order, but with little success. As an afterthought, he switched his usual bright Converse for his scuffed school shoes. It wasn’t perfect, but it would have to do.
He pushed the hockey stick back under his bed, being careful not to touch the nails, crusted black, that protruded from the wood in places. Logic told him PDS wasn’t contagious. Fear made him want to wipe his hands on his duvet anyway.
“He started up his usual routine again of skipping days of school at a time, and what confused me most was that no-one seemed to care. That he looked like he had a terminal illness, that he was skiving off lessons, that he never ate. I told Ollie my concerns, but he just said that I should let him do his own thing. It was Lestrade’s first year here, and I don’t think he knew Sherlock actually existed until a few months in. Sure, his name was on the register, but I think he just assumed he’d left the school and no-one had bothered to amend the records. I used to stay up into the small hours and strain my ears for Sherlock’s violin, but he wasn’t playing anymore.
And, Sherlock supposed, it was perfectly normal. Most of the other boys had seen each other’s genitals, by the sounds of some of the stories they told each other, so Sherlock doubted John saw anything out of the ordinary in carrying on a conversation with a half-naked person. Afterwards, Sherlock thought for a while about why he was so uptight about his own nudity.
Sherlock looked at him as if he was mad for a moment, but understanding suddenly cleared his expression. “Muhammad.”
“Yes, that is correct, and we-“ Eddie’s voice was once again drowned under mumbles of irate reluctance.
“I know, it sounds far-fetched, but he’s trying to get a case together to take to the police,” John lied, watching in vain for any sign in Muhammad’s face that he believed him. “The thing is,” John continued, “we - he thinks someone might have had a motivation to… well - ”
He then proceeded to explain and assemble with clumsy fingers the syringe, clipping on the bottle and clicking it into place.
“Ta, Seb.” John whispered as the other boy made his way back to his books. John could see it now; Seb almost marched when he walked.
“Sharing is caring,” John smiled, pocketing the money and holding out the untouched beer bottle in exchange.
had posted more photos of Sherlock being marched out of his exam that morning. John felt his blood begin to boil again, having never truly been taken off a simmer the whole day. He gave in and read the comments, and before he knew what he was doing, he was shoving on his trainers and a hoodie and storming down the lower sixth corridor.
“I’m being serious Sherlock,” Mycroft continued. Anderson stuck out a foot and Sherlock tripped, cursing himself for falling for something so predictable. Anderson's friend laughed at him as he glared up at Anderson. He got to his feet. Anderson stuck his middle finger up at Sherlock before walking away.
They came out into the courtyard as they had that afternoon. Their footsteps echoed harshly as they turned around.
First, however, he bypassed into their room, picking up Sherlock’s violin and bow and, after doubling back, a block of rosin (
The next performance was Green’s, and it lived up to the teaser John had been given in his maths lesson earlier that day. Hugely overdramatic and performed with comic solemnity, it had John simultaneously in stitches and singing along to
“So what did they bribe you with to get you to do house swimming?” John asked, only partially joking.
John turned around. The boy pushed the hood off his head and grinned. “John, mate! Long time, no see!”
John could smell Sherlock. He was reminded of a particular Tube journey – that same base smell was present, but now there was something else on top. Something older, something expensive. Something that made John understand the term ‘highnote’, feeling rather than smelling its nuances. He couldn’t quite pick out the component parts, but he wanted to – he wanted to get closer, to push his face into Sherlock’s neck and take a deep breath, to put his nose right beneath his ear where the veins were closer to the surface of the skin and where the fragrance would be most potent.
So he let go of his suitcase and put his arms around his neck, felt Sherlock’s own encircle his back. The motion was almost mutually automatic now, where just a few months ago, John had thought that Sherlock would never have spoken to him again if he had tried to hug him.
He drifted in and out of consciousness for an indeterminable period of time. The pressure in his head was mounting, his heart rate was sinking. Sleep was calling.
John shrugged. She wasn’t convinced. He elaborated. “Well, I’m away at school, so I can’t see my old friends, and I don’t know anyone well enough here - there, I mean - yet to, you know, celebrate my birthday with them.”
“I know you want to help your mother and sister, and be with your family, but honestly John, you can’t please everyone. You can't replace your father. You don't need to fill his shoes. You can just be sixteen. You can let yourself move on.”
“Because I have yet to return some books that are a couple of years overdue, therefore, as you can imagine, I’m not very popular among the librarians. So, thank you.”
“Viola has sprung a concert on us. She’s done this before. She likes to show off our ‘talent’, as if she has something to do with it. I’m too sober for this – give me your beer.”
John glanced at his friend through his blurred vision, and Sherlock caught his eye, laughing with him, despite the tears that threatened to overflow.
Instagram account - she at least had the sense not to present that information to the teaching staff via Dr Day, who read and signed off on everything that was published in the paper. Instead, she talked around it, alluding to his previous cases, something to do with Irene Adler, and… his swimming career. She focused on his swimming career rather a lot for such a short piece.
After having fed the horses, they took an alternative route back to the house from the stables. It was more scenic than the lanes, skirting fields and a forest. However, that also meant it was a little more dangerous, the hardened ground hiding bumps and dips beneath the patches of snow. They took their time despite the fact that their extremities were almost completely numb by the time they entered the Holmeses’ garden.
“A laboratory, yes. Of sorts. My experiments were getting too complex to do in so small a space as the desk in my bedroom, so I moved all my equipment up here when I was about eleven. It’s worked very well. But this isn’t what I wanted to show you.”
“Oh, yeah, no, we – we weren’t even together in the first place, really, but we broke up a few days ago.”
Sherlock was rather surprised to hear Kate Newman’s name being called as the winner in the photography category; he hadn’t known she was interested in art.
Sherlock began to protest, but John shushed him. “You don’t get a say in the matter. See you in a bit.”
Over the next few days, John concentrated on returning to normality, even with the case of the three Js (Kitty’s playful name for it had stuck) ticking over in the background, his article for the
The room was dark, and each sofa, chair, and beanbag had someone on it; male, female, quite a few couples, all from the sixth form. John recognised most of them by sight, and nodded a hello to the lads from his rugby team. Apparently Sarah’s friend had saved her and John a space, because as Sarah led him – still by the hand – towards a sofa at the back, two girls got up with knowing smiles and relocated to somewhere else.
“I said, what is your therapist’s name? I’ve only heard you refer to her by her title. Why is that?”
“Er, yeah,” Mike looked relieved to have been put out of his misery. “Sorry, you don’t have to answer if -”
Sherlock leisurely swam over to him, standing when he could and walking the rest of the distance between them.
“Oh, it was hardly spying, you were standing directly below a security camera. Tsk, tsk, baby brother, you slipped up."
“Bye,” John called, watching Sherlock walk across the road to his brother. Mycroft raised a hand to John in farewell, then ducked back into the car. John waved as Sherlock shut the boot of the car and rounded to the back seat, the door of which was being held open by the chauffeur. Sherlock raised a hand in return.
“That’s what I assumed by the tie, but I just wanted to double-check,” John said, backspacing and staring at the blinking cursor. “I’ve only been here a couple of months, so I still forget which is which sometimes,” he smiled, in what he hoped was a reassuring manner – the boy’s eyes never seemed to settle, jumping around the room.
John glanced at the wall - and then remembered a similar conversation, weeks ago, Sherlock texting him from his bed, waking him the next morning. John looked behind the radiator. A small, circular dot was stuck to the wall: a microphone, put there by Mycroft to spy on Sherlock. John caught Sherlock’s eye and nodded.
“All right! I didn’t ask for an essay on it,” John interrupted, rummaging through the box to find something for himself. "Hang on," he said as what Sherlock had just said caught up with him. “You’ve seen
“Not paying me any attention when I speak to you!” John exclaimed, exasperated. At this, Sherlock at last turned around in his chair. He crossed one leg over the other and laced his hands together, one arm resting on the back of the chair in a projection of complete nonchalance. His face was cold, however; features neutral and eyes unblinking. There was something about the set of the mouth that reminded John of someone, but he couldn’t put his finger on whom.
“You know, it’s a good thing you’re on this side of the law,” John had said to Sherlock once, after he had explained to John how to hack into a teacher’s emails.
“It’s a surprise,” Sherlock replied, and John was walking behind him so he couldn’t see his facial expression.
Sherlock’s hands were warmer than he’d expected where they rested lightly on his skin, the eye pencil dragging across his temple. John’s field of vision was crammed with Sherlock’s face, his eyes a serious green that night, made bold and vivid by the precise black lining he had given them.
“You know when you said that I could make constellations out of glow-in-the-dark stars?” John said. Then snorted a laugh. Then, “I don’t know any constellations.”
Sherlock had watched him closely as he walked in and crawled into bed. And had put his violin beneath his chin.
“Public slander is a little extreme even by your standards, John,” Sherlock said, getting to his feet and beginning to pace. “I wonder if she’s involved with M…”
Sherlock paused, nose to the wind like a dog, but before John could make any sense of what was happening, a sharp adult voice rang through the night.
But Sherlock barely felt the water that was slowly flattening his hair to his forehead. His hands were clenched in the pockets of his coat, and his eyes were fixed on the ultimate few seconds of Doyle’s final match. More specifically, on John, who was currently chasing after one of the Green players, the gap between them closing fast. Sherlock watched as John leapt, wrapping his arms about the waist of the opposing boy, dragging them both to the ground. Then Sherlock’s view was obscured by a swarm of boys from both teams surrounding them. There seemed to be a tussle for a few seconds, before Mike Stamford suddenly broke away from the group and took off up the pitch, legs pumping, ball in his hands. The rest of the boys followed suit, and Sherlock let out a breath he hadn’t realised he was holding when he saw John again, getting to his feet and saying something to the boy he’d tackled.
, John was about to say. But he couldn't bring himself to lie. He sighed. “I just have nightmares a lot.”
, he had filled the cup with soup, and it was almost too hot to hold, but he ignored that fact and, careful not to spill anything, had weaved his way through the throng and out of the dining hall.
The concrete was cracked, old plastic tarpaulins and containers lay in heaps in the corners. They were surrounded on all sides by the backs of grey, windowless, hulking garages. But no case. John didn’t know what exactly a case looked like, but he didn’t think that was it.
He turned a corner and felt the street tilt. He looked to his left, up at the hulking church. His eye caught on the gate that led, presumably, to the graveyard, and he remembered – he remembered –
“Wouldn’t want to break any expensive glasses. Would have to explain the hows and the wherefores,” John had reasoned when Sherlock had questioned the mugs.
“Thanks,” John said, then passed a hand over his face. “God, this is going to sound weird… right: could you lie on your back on top of the fridge?”
“No, I was going to stay here for a bit longer,” Sherlock replied sarcastically and began to push against John, who kept his hand on his back until he was sure that he was stable again.
John staggered back into their room just as the bell went to signify the beginning of the mealtime, covered in mud and looking as if he’d… well, as if he’d been playing rugby for four consecutive hours, Sherlock thought, feeling himself frown.
“No,” John said. He had had inklings, little things he’d said about girls, the way he used to look at him, the way the air would feel between them sometimes – but something in him had told him to ignore himself. So he had, probably beyond the point of reason. The thought hit him that maybe he had actually been trying to ignore himself, but he pushed that thought away.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “Wasn’t pretending,” he lied. “Anyway, it’s only one o’clock. That’s early.”
Sherlock pushed himself a little away from the wall, stood up a little straighter. John checked behind himself to make sure he wasn’t going to crash into any small children, and when he looked back, Sherlock had his hands out and was teetering. John skated towards him, but Sherlock didn’t fall.
Sherlock shot him a smile when he sat back down. John’s mother took his and Sherlock’s prize envelopes from them to store in her handbag, and seeing them both in her hand made John’s heart do something.
“Alright then, Harry’s it is,” said Mrs Watson, revealing a small package wrapped in gaudy gold paper. It was soft and malleable in John’s hands, and he went through an overwrought charade of holding the paper up to his ear and shaking it, then sniffing it, then eyeing it from every which way, until Harry was bursting with anticipation.
He had seen it earlier when he’d gone up to deposit his bags in John’s room. He took the stairs two at a time and when he rounded into John’s room, it was still there, on his bedside table.
By the time the lower sixth decided to go back upstairs, John knew he was laughing a bit too loudly at jokes that weren’t all that funny, but also knew that Eric was even worse, so he kept an hand on his friend’s arm to stop him wobbling too much.
The week that followed was simultaneously the longest and shortest week of John’s life. The Christmas holidays were within touching distance, but his teachers showed no signs of realising this, and homework, tests, after-school meetings and activities still went full steam ahead. No cases showed themselves, despite him and Sherlock keeping as vigilant as ever. John had joked that maybe criminals took especially long leave for Christmas, but Sherlock hadn’t laughed.
Once the conversation had moved on, John turned to look at Sherlock to find that he had left. He glanced around the garden, but couldn’t see him. His gaze was caught by Mike, who mouthed the word
“What?” John asked, still confused. “We’re not going to steal someone’s shoes, are we?” he exclaimed.
He was met with the sight of his roommate carefully holding the forceps and wearing an expression of mild astonishment. There was a long moment in which John nearly asked –
Sherlock stalked into the room, going to the window and staring down at the pupils streaming past the house after the last lesson of the day.
“Jesus Christ,” he cursed quietly, and shook his head, then laughed briefly and addressed his friend. “Have you ever considered going into acting?”
Mycroft. Past-Mycroft. Barely older than Sherlock was now, but three times his height, leering and patronising. Just like daddy.
Sherlock shot John a mischievous grin and stood behind his aunt, arm raised and fist clenched around an imaginary knife, mouth opening and shutting around silent babbles, imitating the woman, and John nearly dropped the glasses he was carrying.
On returning to the kitchen, John had his arms crossed over his chest, his expression fighting amusement. “What are you doing?”
The boy reached into the bag that was sitting innocently in between them on the linoleum floor of the kitchen, raising another marshmallow to his lips. He tried to open his mouth to shove it in, but John couldn’t help snorting a laugh at the white goo that threatened to ooze out and at Sherlock’s efforts to contain it. Sherlock tried again but something about it was just so funny that John laughed again, and again, and it took all of his concentration to hold his mouth shut, clamping a hand over the lower portion of his face to prevent leakage.
“Hello, Molly,” Sherlock replied, while John just gave her a smile before pulling Sherlock back into the auditorium.
Sherlock, John and the girl, whose name turned out to be Nadia, stood in the doorway of the Year Nines’ dormitory in Tolkien house.
John looked at him then as if thinking something about him, a quizzical expression hidden by his smile. Sherlock frowned and John swallowed and looked back to the piano.
from that, snarky bastard,” John replied. “No – I know what you want,” he continued as Sherlock opened his mouth to reply. “You want lunch.” Sherlock closed his mouth and gave John a look. “Okay, maybe you don’t,” John said, unfased, “but I do, and considering I didn’t have any breakfast, I think brunch is a top priority.”
Later that evening, Sherlock, John and the rest of Doyle’s lower sixth were gathered in front of Gregson. John was struggling to pay attention to his monotonous drawl and by the looks of it, so were his friends. Something about university courses, personal statements, prefects… John’s mind was elsewhere. His thoughts flitted between Jeanette, Janine, and Mary, then a rooftop, a pool. Then Victor. He frowned. He didn’t like that thought.
“No, you just – ” Sherlock began, but stopped himself. He realised that telling someone their own eating habits probably wasn’t polite or socially acceptable. “You’ve just got an eyelash on your cheek.”
“See you, Sherlock,” he said, finding the handle of his suitcase again and looking back one last time before shouting back to his mum that he was coming.
John grinned at Sherlock, but the gesture wasn’t returned – John wasn’t even sure if his friend had noticed.
“The invigilators are the only ones who know the seating layout. If M wasn’t invigilating, how would they have known where to leave that booklet so you would get it?”
“Uh… thanks?” John said, and suddenly there was a rush of movement next to him and he turned to see Nadia gripping Sherlock in a tight hug. The cheering started up again, giving John cover to mouth to his friend, ‘
“That is true, Sherlock,” John agreed. While he wanted nothing more than to collapse onto Sherlock’s bed and never move again, his conscience wouldn’t let him. Louis was only seven, and Henry’s voice hadn’t even begun to break yet – even though he didn’t know these boys, he couldn’t help but feel somewhat responsible for them. “We should ask them first.”
Glen took a breath, and John realised he was leaning forward slightly in anticipation. “Never… have I ever had sex.”
Sherlock watched through the leaves as John and the rest of his section came to attention, bodies rigid and proud. At another command from the blond boy -
His friend narrowed his eyes, then turned back to the road in front of him, expression clear. “Of course,” he said. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
They left the attic door and the washing basket as they were, and as soon as they got onto the stairs, John leaned over the banister and shouted to the assembled below, “Got him!”
John shifted his weight to his left leg. He pursed his lips against rising nausea. “Sherlock. Please.”
, John thought.) Sherlock nodded, acknowledging John’s assessment, and then his eyes seemed to latch on something. He went to Eliza, grabbed her wrist. John took a sharp intake of breath as Sherlock turned his most icy tone on her.
Dan was telling him about people John had almost forgotten about entirely. So-and-so is with so-and-so now, would you believe it? And so-and-so nearly flunked out of college, and, oh my god, such-and-such is pregnant but the dad doesn’t want them to keep the kid, and this and that and this and that…
He sat on the top of the fridge and swivelled so he was facing the window, then slowly began to lean back while shuffling a bit so his feet ended up sticking out of the window and his head and shoulders were hanging in the air. He lowered himself down, feeling the cool plastic of the fridge against his skin. He felt every muscle in his back stretching as he stopped consciously supporting the weight of his upper torso and head. His blood began to rush to his head, and he felt his hair dangling away from his head. He let his weight pull him the last few inches, made himself comfortable, and opened his eyes, not really being sure when he’d closed them. He was presented with a view of John’s face – upside down, of course.
“He got thousands of letters, emails, messages, all saying how he was responsible, how he was better off dead, how he should have died along with those babies, how the sender was going to murder him in his sleep. So he deleted his Facebook, changed his number, moved house. The hate mail died down a lot, but he still got it, and probably still does, even to this day. So that’s why you won’t find him online.”
“There’s still a chance.” Sherlock said. He looked back to his salad. “London needs your medical expertise just as much. You could… you could stay with me.”
“The typical pattern is every three arm strokes, you turn your head to breathe,” he told him, letting go of him and putting his face in the water to show him. Then the hands under him appeared again and John tried it out, trying not to panic as he sumberged his face and tried to concentrate on his arms.
Sherlock looked at him. John’s face was stretched from the effort of not laughing. “Punk… kin,” Sherlock repeated slowly.
John scooped up the now-dry pins and pumpkin top, settling the latter into place and giving half the pins to Sherlock. John pushed the pins into the flesh where he had made small dots earlier, Sherlock doing the same. His roommate was still occupied thus when John spotted the yellow disposable camera on the counter to his right.
She waffled for a few minutes about ‘the wonderful array of talent’ on display, and Sherlock felt like shaking her and telling her to hurry up. For John’s sake, he wanted the whole ordeal to hurry up and be over with.
John was midway through the arduous task of dragging his misbehaving suitcase up the endless stairs of Doyle when he heard someone shout his name.
John was quite pleased with himself. Sure, he wasn’t going to challenge the notorious Holmes any time soon, but he still felt clever.
“Calm down, Lord Byron,” John said, a smile spreading across his face to match the one on Sherlock’s. He reluctantly handed back the glove. “How much were those?”
Just as carefully as before, John slowly removed the wrapping paper. Something made of dense, dark fabric fell into his lap. He unfolded it and held it up. It was a dark grey shooting jacket, with an even darker collar and shiny, fake leather shoulder and elbow pieces.
“Aha,” John said, moving behind the desk and wiggling the mouse to wake the computer up. “What’s your name?”
With perfect timing and precision, Sherlock began to play; the staccato notes accurate, the longer ones sliding effortlessly from the instrument. Seeing as there was no drum kit in the house, Ben Ten had the music open on his knees and struck imaginary drums with two pencils. Eddie’s fingers danced over the keys, The Hulk played a couple of wrong notes on his banjo, and by the bridge of the song, John found himself whistling along.
“Excellent news! Now get back to house, get changed, get back here, and we’ll let this little slip go forgotten, yes?”
They were roommates. John, so polite, so amicable, had to be friendly towards him. It was what roommates did.
And they were standing in the middle of the lower sixth corridor, and the walls were cream and there was laughter coming from the rooms around them, and it was only break time on a Tuesday and nothing felt as if the world was putting itself back together but it was and nobody seemed to be noticing.
“With your limited supplies, I wouldn’t be able to if I wanted to,” Sherlock said. “I mean the stitches specifically.”
John pushed open the door to reveal a small, comfortable-looking room, crammed with sofas of all sizes, colours and materials, a table football set, a pool table, a television at the end of the room, and a tired-looking piano. As he had hoped, there were two boys lounging on one of the sofas, who looked up when he entered. John pushed the door open a little more and began.
After half-heartedly doodling for a restless half hour, John threw down his pencil in frustration and decided to hunt for his friend.
“I saw him, but I did not… get anything from him.” John stopped. Turned. Sherlock was looking at him with an intensity that left John no doubt that he was being sincere. “He offered. I refused. I went to him with the intention of getting it, but once there, I found I did not need it. I did not… want it.”
They had agreed that it would be best to wait until the adults had retired to bed to begin their experiment, so in the meantime, Sherlock had offered to teach John how to play chess.
but then Sherlock leaned closer, and closer still, until his mouth was what felt like millimetres away from the shell of his ear. A whisper, so quiet that John had to concentrate to understand it, travelled the short distance from mouth to ear, and John’s skin was warmed by soft breath.
“Not now, Mike,” John replied. He would apologise later. He had to get to Sherlock before he was dragged where John couldn’t reach him.
All of the party guests were now crowded into the end of the drawing room, eyes fixed on the screen. John could feel Sherlock’s arm pressed against his own, and tried not to think.
John was clambering over the gate. He swung both legs over, hopped down and began walking over to the horses’ paddock. Sherlock sighed. After a moment of hesitation, he copied his friend, retaining as much dignity as he could.
“I just – that was quite a considerate thing to do, that’s all,” John replied, finishing rinsing the shampoo out of his hair.
The pause lasted an eternity, and John only realised he was holding his breath again when he felt his lungs begin to burn.
After a few seconds, Sherlock heard the bar of the lock being dragged slowly back. The door swung open.
Sherlock hadn’t noticed that the crowd was beginning to disperse – the ceremony was over. “Do you want to stay or shall we go back to house?”
It was dark in Mycroft’s room, and too tidy. Ever since Mycroft had turned into a teenager, he’d been pretending to be daddy more and more every day. He wasn’t like daddy tonight, though. Tonight he was bent over in his bed, duvet in a ball to one side, rocking backwards and forwards, and breathing too fast. “Mum, I-”
John swallowed and stepped, and then they were moving. Sherlock murmured instructions into John’s ear, sometimes whispering, “
“You’re supposed to hug back, moron,” John interrupted, aware that they were attracting attention and also in the way of the girls from Kay who were beginning to make their way into the wings.
Mrs Watson didn’t seem entirely convinced but wandered over to the roof’s edge and said something else about the view, ooh-ing and ah-ing over each feature on the horizon, and John knew Harry was looking at him but he refused to meet her eye. Instead, he looked back to Sherlock, who looked horrified, and John had to bite the inside of his mouth to stop himself from laughing. It didn’t work very well as, when Mrs Watson began talking to Sherlock, Sherlock almost leapt out of his skin and an uncontrollable giggle escaped John.
“He lifted the conical flasks one by one into the hole. Once that was done, he jumped up, caught something resting just inside the hatch, and pulled out a ladder. He used it to climb up into the hole. That part of the house used to be servants' quarters, years ago, so the ceiling is pretty low, but it was still a quite a sight, to see that funny, skinny kid disappearing up into the ceiling. He took the basket up with him, then pulled the ladder in after him and the hatch was gently lowered into place again from within, and I took that as my cue to leave."
Sherlock must have noticed his expression, because he began to explain what each one was, adding his own judgement about the edibility of each, finishing with completely denouncing the cheese-stuffed bell peppers as 'inedible'.
John felt his knees give way as people swarmed around Sherlock’s body. His mother’s voice was in his ear, he could smell her, could feel his sister’s small, stoic hands supporting him and John could hear his own words now, muffled in his mother’s chest. “He’s my friend,” he was mumbling. “He’s my friend. He’s my friend.”
The silence before the race was restless. The spectators were eager for the competition to end to be leave the heat of the building, the swimmers were tired, eager to remove their caps and lie down.
He pushed open the door, hearing the familiar squeak of the hinges, and his heart sank. The room was empty.
John looked up from the paper to Sherlock. His roommate was sitting perfectly still at his desk, staring into the middle distance.
Sherlock began to play a piece that was cheerful and bright, and John didn’t recognise it for a few seconds – it was one he had played a couple of weeks previously, and John had smiled and asked him what it was and who it was by and I really liked that one, Sherlock – and when John recognised it, he recognised that its meaning had changed; now it meant he was forgiven, he was thanked, he was appreciated. The music swelled from delicacy to power to delicacy again, and there was a thump on the wall of the room next to them and a muffled yell of “Shut up!”, but Sherlock only played louder, catching John’s eye and grinning with him.
On Thursday, John had come down into the common room and walked in on some sort of meeting. He hadn’t thought anything of it, and had gone straight to the sink to wash up a mug that had been festering in their room for some time. But then he’d heard someone say Sherlock’s name, and he’d turned around so quickly that he’d slopped soapy water all over the floor and himself.
The clatter of John dropping something in the shower broke his train of thought. Now was not the time. He stepped over to his wardrobe.
They needed a little fine-tuning, then setting somehow. Then, of course, he had to work out how to arrange them and then stick them together somehow… all before the deadline of six thirty that evening.
“Come here, you utter dipshit,” he said, and Sherlock was about to ask what a ‘dipshit’ was when John took one step, two, three, and then there were arms around his neck like a vice and a body pressed stubbornly up against his own, and the question died in his throat.
She hummed something that could only be described as the epitome of disinterested. John tried again.
John shook his head again. “Don’t get me wrong, I’m really grateful, but you didn’t have to do something so risky for a girl you’ve never met,”
They had a quick conversation with the others. Anderson and Sally had taken a look over the dog themselves, but had also turned up nothing. Just as they were deciding what to do, they heard the door to the house open.
“Sherlock wouldn’t find it interesting, though, would he mum, because it’s about him,” Harry pointed out, and something about that stuck with Sherlock.
The pumpkin had a sneer and semi-circular eyes that weren’t all that friendly-looking. It had just-recognisable ears, the lobes and helices ‘pierced’ with glowing pin-heads, as was the triangular nose. The stem also glowed softly, and although it wasn’t necessarily immediately identifiable as a punk pumpkin, it would surely be evident once it had been explained, john reasoned to himself.
He turned around to see Sherlock with his hands at his mouth as if praying, but John knew he was calling to an even higher power. After a moment, he dropped his hands and smiled, wide and triumphant.
“Sherlock,” John answered. This was the first he’d heard from his friend since their parting farewells at school five days ago, despite numerous texts from his end. He put the phone to his ear. “Hello?”
Mrs Hudson came in to wake Sherlock on the morning that they were due to travel back to St Bart’s to find him sprawled on his bed, fully dressed, a blue knitted bobble hat wedged on his head.
John rushed over to the bedside and put his fingers to Muhammad’s neck. His pulse was slow but strong, and his chest was rising and falling evenly. John breathed a sigh of relief. The boy was unconscious and tied to a bed post with some rope – so tightly that his skin was red and raw around the bindings. There was a lump on his head with a small trickle of dried blood that had run down the side of his face.
“Three counties isn’t even impressive. I just wanted to show off, to be honest,” John admitted. But then he remembered what else he’d revealed and felt his heart skip a beat.
“They’re evil, John. Maybe they weren’t when they were alive but whatever they are now is unnatural, it’s perverse – ”
John could practically hear Sherlock’s eye-roll as he knelt down so that he was in John’s line of vision. “It’s not an interrogation, that’s ludicrous-“
John felt as if he’d just swam with Sherlock. He loosened his grip on the rail and watched the mess of bodies in Doyle’s lane. Sherlock looked confused by his team’s celebrations, but he was laughing, and John grinned.
,” Sherlock said, and John thought he might have been imitating him. “At least to you. It’s looking likely he didn’t feel the same.”
“What?” John interrupted. Three pairs of eyes snapped to his. “You’re going to make him wear a dress?”
– he moved back into the kitchen, hearing Dave and Jo chatting by the front door, taking off coats and scarves and suchlike.
John didn’t bother asking about how Sherlock acquired the book – he was sure it wasn’t from the school library. He let his upper torso drop back down onto the mattress and closed his eyes, just for a few moments, just to rest them.
“It’s very easy to understand. Every single member of each house must participate in this competition - ”
Sherlock didn’t reply to that, and John looked at him. He was staring out the window, head turned away. He looked a bit pale. He seemed subdued, and had explained everything very quickly and flatly.
John’s mother was holding a disposable camera, grinning. “I found it in a drawer yesterday,” she explained, not bothering to chastise John for swearing. “I just remembered it, and thought you might want it,” she handed it to John. “I don’t know if there are any pictures on it already, but I thought you could, I don’t know, document this year with it, it being a big year of change for you and all that.”
But the car had only slowed to let someone cross the road. It moved away again and John felt himself deflate.
“No, and something comestible,” Sherlock replied, huffing after a few seconds and straightening up, closing the door.
The conversation was on the pleasant side of quotidian, until Mycroft found a lull in which to turn to him and say, “I hear you’re starting school again on Monday, little brother.”
“Mmm,” Sherlock answered, rubbing his eyes. His voice was even deeper than usual, rumbling with disuse. “I can’t remember the last time I agreed to that question. I feel like I’ve slept for centuries.”
“No, listen, Nadia,” John implored. “We’ll tell you everything after we do something about your brother. I’m really sorry, but that’s all I can offer you by way of explanation right… now… Sherlock, what are you doing?”
“Maybe,” Sherlock would reply. They would leave the conversation there, for the time being, John prodding him in the side and saying,
“Text Angelo. Tell him to send you a list of all God’s friends, people he associates with, people who it would not be suspicious to see walking towards his room.”
John was looking at him with a strange expression on his face. Sherlock wasn’t sure he could categorise it accurately. It gave Sherlock the supposition that he had done something impressive - but he hadn’t.
The notebooks themselves were beautiful. They had thick, creamy paper, alternating with ruled and blank pages, and wrapped up in dark leather skins. On the spines were numbers written in white paint, sorting them into chronological order. The current notebook open on the desk was number seventy three. As for the contents of the notebooks, they were all stuffed with Sherlock’s spidery, slanting handwriting, crawling nigh-on illegibly across the pages like something from the nineteenth century.
“John, listen,” Sherlock interrupted, and his tone of voice made John fall silent immediately. “We’re close now, so I’m going to explain the plan.”
Ten minutes later, John had constructed a small and very rudimentary fort surrounding the air mattress using the armchair, desk, various cushions and sheets that Sherlock had found for them and some string that was in one of Sherlock’s draws. The sheets had been strung up, circus tent-like, from the chandelier, the rest of the furnishings being used for additional decoration and reinforcement. Once they had turned the lights off and strung a torch up above the mattress, even Henry begrudgingly admitted that it looked “pretty cool, I guess.”
He looked up to search Sherlock’s face for confirmation, or denial, or anything, but his conscious thoughts instantly scattered in the afternoon breeze when he met Sherlock’s eyes. When had he got so close?
“No!” She said, a look of indignation on her face, eyes slightly unfocused. “I can’t believe you’d say such a thing ‘bout me,”
“But you hate sewing!” John exclaimed. Harry smiled shyly. John ran his thumb over the wobbly lettering. “
John couldn’t concentrate through the rugby session. He spent the whole time fretting about Sherlock, and Mike had picked up on it.
“Did you change the music?” Sherlock asked John, who was a lot further on with his drawing – Sherlock realised he must have been gone again, and for some time.
John put the tickets away in his desk drawer and sat on his desk. He checked his timetable and began to assemble his things for his next lesson. After a moment, he looked back at Sherlock. The boy was hunched over his microscope, the only sound being gentle clicking as he adjusted the zoom.
John saw Sally roll her eyes out of the corner of his. “Uh,” he said, tongue tied – it was so uncharacteristic of Sherlock to entrust anyone with anything that it threw him a little that apparently he considered John capable enough. Sherlock was waiting for an answer, though, one foot out the door, so he blurted out, “Yes, yeah, of course, go,” and before his brain could fill in the ‘thank you’ he would never have said aloud but felt as deeply as one feels love and hate and envy and sorrow, Sherlock was gone.
His breaths were beginning to quicken once more as Sherlock pulled back his head. John’s face broke down again as the tears flowed anew and his body was racked with violent shaking.
“But to the other side of the world?” Sherlock looked up suddenly, and John saw some of his layers fall away. “Everything may be fine now, but in five years? If Mycroft gets the country embroiled in someone else’s conflict again and you are called to a war zone? If it’s - if it’s dangerous?”
Once he’d made himself something to eat, he found the hat he’d bought Sherlock at the market and brought it downstairs.
Mrs Hudson, sitting to his right, began talking about baking, and John asked her a question about bicarbonate of soda, and it was fifteen minutes later and she had promised to teach him how to make pavlova.
“Wicked! Thanks!” One of them exclaimed, the other having already got to work stuffing his mouth with as many canapés as would fit. He scooped up as many as he could in his hands and tried to put some in his trouser pockets.
Sherlock frowned. He wasn't sure he had an answer to that, but before he could form one, the door creaked open and a man put his head into the room.
Each look was like a small electric shock. Sherlock would turn over his shoulder and his clear eyes would meet John’s and John would quickly turn away, put his eyes back on the jumper he was folding to put into his suitcase, or the phone in his hand, or the ceiling, suddenly fascinating.
Sherlock hummed, and John wasn’t sure exactly what that meant. Sherlock walked back into his bedroom and pulled on a hoodie, and all of a sudden, Sherlock's hands hidden by the long sleeves and curls flattened by the hood, John had to look away, smiling at the floor.
The shout was muffled, but the tone was clear. Seconds later the door to room twenty-one banged open and an all-too-familiar violin-wielding typhoon of a boy strode through.
John walked into his bedroom with a box of Halloween things in his arms to find it empty. “Sherlock?”
“Right,” Eddie said. “I have the sheet music here, um, banjo – ” The Hulk took the booklet. “Drums, Ben – “ the skinny Year Nine took his booklet. “Bass is for Eric, there you go, saxophone is for Marco, and violin is Sherlock.”
“Really, though?” John followed him and leant against the door frame. "If you don’t mind me asking,"
Sherlock made a frustrated sound. “Have a guess.” When John gave him a glare, he rolled his eyes. “Well, he’s more than simply a well-known dealer to me, isn’t he?” he snapped quietly.
There was a creak in the corridor behind him, and Sherlock jumped, but it was only Mrs Watson going into Harry’s room for something. Sherlock replaced the cane and continued downstairs. He had suspected that, after the passing of his father, John had had two injuries; one physical and one psychosomatic, not to mention the obvious PTSD, which he never called by its name. Sherlock recalled how John had limped slightly after having met Mycroft for the first time.
They were standing at the top of a long spiral stair case, the walls lined with photos that went from full colour to sepia to grainy black and white the further down the stairs one went. John tipped the laptop so that Harry and Mrs Watson could see over the banister to the foyer below.
John grunted in frustration as his character was zapped by lightning and crawled down the home straight in his now-tiny car.
“Yeah, it was!” John exclaimed triumphantly, turning to float on his back, breathing heavily. He saw Sherlock copy him out of the corner of his eye.
The lesson proceeded with the routine distribution of text books, exercise books, notebooks, the dull repetition of lab rules, and the lists of topics they would cover the coming year. About half way through, when the class was quiet, there came muffled shouting from across the hallway outside. The door of their classroom was open, and the class lifted their heads in surprise as their ears were assaulted with a muffled but irate, “Out!”, a door opening, and footsteps on the polished wood floor.
But now, John remained asleep. His breathing was slow, deep and regular, and betrayed no signs of what he was dreaming about, if anything at all.
It was an attic: there was nothing special about it, really, apart for the fact that it ran the entire length of the house. It was huge.
John had sent his mum and sister the link to the website of the local newspaper which had very briefly documented the story in the edition published earlier that day. It was now five days after the event – needless to say, the head master had been swift in the discreet sacking of Mrs Turner. Lottie was now making plans to move to a new school after half term, and it had taken John quite some convincing to get Lestrade not to frame the article and put it up in the common room. It had also taken all of John’s persuasive skills to convince Sherlock to put the necklace out of his mind, as the thought that they hadn’t actually found out who’d taken it was casting him into a black mood. Even now, John wasn’t sure at all that he’d succeeded, but Sherlock was no longer pacing and muttering to himself, so he’d decided to leave it alone. As was custom now, John had phoned home, it being a Sunday evening, and Harry was finding the entire thing utterly hilarious.
“I remember that picture being taken,” Sherlock said over his shoulder, voice soft, tone neutral. “It was something to send to my grandparents. Mycroft kept teaching me new words to keep me occupied. I had just learnt what ‘serendipity’ meant.”
There was a pause in which Sherlock felt he ought to do something, say something, but he couldn’t work out what. Felt he ought to take his hands out of his pockets, but what to do with them? John was smiling at him, chest heaving from his exertion, and Sherlock wanted to do something, but he didn’t know what, felt suddenly clumsy and stupid.
“A fortnight’s a long time,” Harry said truthfully. She still wasn’t used to John’s absence. Passing his empty bedroom at night felt alien and the house seemed to lack something, something warm and homely and dependable.
, Sherlock realised. To be seen as weak and powerless as this, with no control over his body – John would find it humiliating.
They’d been at the dinner table for a quarter of an hour now, and Sherlock had only taken three, maybe four, mouthfuls of pasta.
His finger hovered over the send button, but an incoming text from Mike dissolved what little conviction he had and he held down the backspace.
“I think it technically belongs to me, seeing as I’m the one actually doing anything,” Sherlock said, pushing his scalpel into the muscle.
“Most of the guests are in the drawing room and the library,” Sherlock explained, heaving a sigh. John could hear the bubble of voices and laughter coming from the rooms to the left of the staircase, and then some shrieking and the rumbling of a stampede of tiny footsteps before a band of children came running out of one of the doors. They seemed to be playing some form of tag, and chased each other around in the hall. John grinned and turned to Sherlock.
“Ah, John,” he began, getting up. “Thank you for coming on such short notice, my brat of a nephew changed his plans last-minute and my sister’s at work, thinks the whole world revolves around him…”
“Godfrey Staunton, you mean,” Sherlock clarified, with only a hint of humour in his tone. “Not the celestial being.”
Which was why he had no idea someone had entered the room until he felt the brush of lips against the back of his neck.
It seemed as if they had stayed together for a long stretch of time, but maybe she was an exception. But why, then, why was he unsuccessful now? If he had had such a stable relationship when he was, what, fifteen? Sixteen? Why was he fumbling now – now when he was older and wiser and probably better looking? John was dependable, caring, generous, funny – all the things a good boyfriend was supposed to be. It didn’t make sense. But then again, Mycroft had always said that Sherlock never understood affairs of the heart –
The garden ended in a small ditch that separated it from a field, and it was there that Sherlock and John came to a stop.
“I asked him again and again what he was doing, and finally he told me that it was important that he correctly identified every single seasoning that the cooks used in the food, and every oil, and every preservative and every way it was cooked and basically everything else about what they were feeding us. I asked him why and he said it was for ‘future reference’. The testing of said stolen food was extensive and thorough, and often smelly and the food took up most, if not all, of the space in the dorm’s one mini fridge. It was annoying to say the least.
Sherlock knew what John had seen. It confirmed what Sarah had no doubt told him. She was clever, and so was John, but he didn’t want to see what she had. That was the problem with John. Letting sentiment get in the way all too often.
“No, not really, Molly,” Sherlock said bluntly. “Possible kidnapping of a thirteen year old – do you know Nadia Gazi? She’ll be here in a few minutes. Could you please tell her that her brother will be back with her by the end of lessons. Hopefully. Remember to text me the results.” With that, Sherlock flounced out of the room, leaving John and Molly a little lost for words.
John had been hoping his roommate would have re-appeared by that point, but to no avail. “I’ll go and look.”
He was sitting on the floor, leaning against his ladder, legs stretched out towards Sherlock’s desk. Sherlock was doing the same against his own. The taller boy’s sock-clad feet reached John’s knees, but John’s barely passed Sherlock’s ankles. After having played three rounds of the game consecutively, John had been running out of names of celebrities his roommate would know, so the Post-it note on his forehead simply read ‘Sherlock Holmes’.
“Nicked it off Victor before he went away,” Sherlock said, pushing the door open. “Made a copy and put it back before he even noticed. Come on.”
He reached the end wall of the building, which was, naturally, a long bookcase, whose books' index numbers were nowhere near the one he sought. He turned around and went back the way he came. He reached the entrance to the building none the wiser, and although barely anyone was in the library, he still felt hugely silly making his way back down again.
John didn’t hear him. He pulled his phone out of his pocket - but there were no texts or calls from Sherlock. Somehow, that only made him worry more.
“Seriously, Sally, what is your problem with him?” John said before he could stop himself. The words had tumbled out of their own accord, but he had started now, so he may as well have finished. “You’re so intelligent, both of you, I’ve seen it, I know your grades – so why are you so immature? I get he can be annoying, but, Christ, can’t you just rise above it?”
At this, there was an explosion of high-pitched screaming from the back of the hall, presumably from Rowling. Their head walked to the front and collected a small trophy, the rest of the school clapping obediently.
“Hm. Maybe…” John began, flipping a couple of pages back to look at them. “Yeah – maybe… would you mind taking your socks off?”
, Sherlock,” John repeated, quieter, softer, trying to make him understand, trying to make him feel what – “I thought my best friend was dying and I was doing a timed essay that determines my grade for this half term, Sherlock, you can’t just expect to say sorry and be forgiven,”
“Maybe Molly would accept you as a consolation prize?” Jamie suggested, but a pupil opened the door and their conversation cut short.
“Well, you know what they say about men with large feet,” Sherlock said airily, and it took John a moment to realise what he was implying.
John heard a snort of laughter from Sherlock, and he scowled at his friend. Sherlock must have felt his eyes on his back, because he turned around.
“Oh, crap,” John cursed. “I know exactly who it is – wait, Harry, let me -” He rushed out of the kitchen, but his sister had already opened the door.
“No, it’s fine.” John cut him off. And it was. He supposed there was no harm in just one person knowing. “My dad died, and I was… involved, and I’m not doing very well with the whole moving on thing, I guess."
There was a pause. A hug goodbye seemed appropriate, but he didn’t know whether Sherlock would have been comfortable with that. He was a bit peculiar about personal space and physical contact – he operated with a contradictory lack of both. So they both stood, watching the cars drive past.
That had been more heartfelt than John had been expecting, and he was trying to think of a way to reply that would match Sherlock’s tone.
“More in-keeping with the style,” he said, nimble fingers sure and efficient as he finished one sleeve and turned John so he had access to the other. “Besides. Looks better this way. You’ve worked for those biceps, so you may as well show them off.”
Both Clara and Dave joined the Watsons for dinner that night, their little dining table fuller than it had been for a long time. Harry and Clara had come home a few minutes later than Mrs Watson and Dave had, their loud laughter filling the house, bursting with energy after having celebrated the end of their term for a few hours on the ice rink that popped up annually in their local shopping centre.
“Oh, don’t forget the bit where you start talking about the meaning of life at three in the morning,” added Clara.
Upon poking his head out of the door, John saw Mike and the others sitting at the other end of the corridor, each with small white cards in their hands.
“He told me what was what and how to do everything and I kept saying, ‘Yeah, I know, dad,’ because I thought I did. And I kind of did – like, I knew what the gear stick was and what most of the dials on the dashboard did, but I was being arrogant because, as I may have mentioned, I was really,
John had to stop himself giving into the vague anger pushing a response onto the tip of his tongue. Instead, he said, “Look, I know Sherlock can be a little shit at times, but I think tonight it would be best for us to leave you in peace.”
“Therapist.” He felt the room fall silent around him, like he was standing in the eye of a swelling storm.
John forced himself to lift his eyes, to search the faces in the crowd. Strangers, acquaintances, even a few friends. But none were who he was looking for.
“Er, no, why?” Truth be told, Eddie was glad that he hadn’t. Interaction with that so-and-so was exhausting.
“You fucker, Sherlock Holmes,” John said as Sherlock placed the camera down on the table, but he could hear the smile in his voice. “For that, you’re sleeping on the sofa.”
“Everything happens for a reason, what goes around comes around, yes,” Sherlock said to himself. He was pacing back and forth in his pyjamas, muttering to himself every now and again, the same phrases over and over, stuck on a loop.
A small, elderly woman was revealed, and John realised with a jolt that this must have been Mrs Hudson.
He finished tying his laces and stood, gazing blankly out of the window at the grey sky as he slid his waterproof jacket on, brain on autopilot.
Sherlock woke with a start. He was lying on the floor of his and John’s room. He shivered - the window was still open. His arms - skin pale, almost blue - were covered with goosebumps. He unfurled himself and sat up. And then he remembered John leaving - John shouting at him - Sherlock shouting back - and he shivered again.
to, it was physical. He was shaking slightly, he could feel sweat beading at his brow. He needed to solve that case or he feared what he might do. So when Victor raised both hands to tug on Sherlock’s hair, he gave in.
Anderson frowned, but did as he was asked. Sherlock gently shook the rodent out onto the tiles next to the cat.
“Oh! He replied,” John said as a new notification from Facebook messenger came in. “It’s long. ‘She says that I said that she said that…’ wait. ‘She says that I…’ what? God, this boy is not very articulate over text.”
More rustling, then the first note, and then it seemed the piece was over too quickly. So he played it again, and before he knew it, it was half an hour later and Harry was asking him what he wanted to do for lunch.
Sherlock, of course, didn’t reply, but John knew that he’d hear eventually. It would just take a while for John’s words to wind their way through the corridors and staircases of his ridiculous mind palace to whichever room Sherlock had locked himself inside.
“Hey, hey, everyone?” Eddie was saying from the front, walking backwards. Luckily, the Hulk heard his efforts, and silenced everyone with a yell. “Thanks, everyone – one last run-through? I know we don’t have most of the instruments here, but, Sherlock?”
John sighed. “I know it’s not like we were, I don’t know, writing each other poetry or anything, but still.”
The man in the groundskeeper’s uniform, who had shouted after Sherlock about something “not going to last." The man who Sherlock had later described as a psychopath.
He re-folded the paper and slid it across the table to John. He heard John open the message, read it, and snort, and Sherlock bit his lip to keep a smile at bay.
Sherlock flicked the light on as he entered the kitchen, John close behind. The pantry door squeaked a little as he pulled it open. Through a doorway in the pantry was the wine cellar.
The end of the whistle was barely audible under the thunderous shouting that exploded as soon as it was blown. Each boy swam two lengths, and the spectators did not stop screaming for the entire duration of the race.
Mrs Hudson’s eyes followed Sherlock as he left the room. As soon as he had, she turned her sharp gaze to John. “Now, John, dear, Sherlock’s too shy to ask, but I know he’d love for you to stay another night. What do you think?”
The song was not quite sad, but not quite happy either. Not quite. He realised this was the first time he had heard Sherlock play in what felt like decades, but had probably only been a couple of weeks.
“That was appalling, John,” a familiar baritone tutted, making everyone jump. John turned around and was presented with the sight of a rain-drenched Sherlock standing in the doorway, his hair stuck to his forehead and dripping onto the already water-logged shoulders of his coat.
“Bye!” John called as the others wandered noisily off down a side-street. He walked by himself back to school, most of the other pupils having the same idea as Mike and spreading out over the tiny village - and dear God, he was glad of the brief respite from their probing questions and loud voices.
John was focussed on the paper in front of him. The setting sun was threading itself through his hair, his head bent towards his knees where the drawing was taking shape balanced on a textbook there. He was making a tiny alteration to a line, and Sherlock could see his forehead crease as he made a small sound of frustration. After a moment, he must have felt Sherlock’s eyes on him, because he looked up, with such an open, mild, inquiring expression that for some reason Sherlock had to look away.
“The side of dad’s face was lit up and he turned to see what by, still smiling, and I remember each muscle in his face going slack and then tightening into something terrified and terrifying.
and I can’t believe it and my presents were so shoddy and you – I just can’t believe you would do that for me. Thank you so, so much. But thank you doesn’t even come close to encompassing how much thank you I am feeling right now, Sherlock,”
Sherlock realised John wasn’t going to give in, so he shot him a scowl and sat on the floor, folding his gangly legs in on themselves like an over-sized praying mantis might. John knelt by him and swept his eyes over his roommate’s injuries. He lifted the flap of shirt and peered at the skin beneath, making a face. He noticed that Sherlock’s hair was matted with blood, and upon closer inspection, found that he had cut his head as well.
Both boys hadn’t turned their heads out of the water to breathe in at least half a length, and there were five metres to go, four metres, three…
Sherlock leapt nimbly into the room, his long coat swirling around him like a storm. John quickly shut the window again, so as to keep the warmth in. Sherlock brought in with him the intoxicating scent of the chill of the night, of wind, of open spaces, of fields and woods and a promise of rain. His curls were even more unkempt than usual, looking as if a hurricane had been at them. The boy turned and fixed John with those eyes of his - bright, wild, feral.
Eddie raised his eyes from the paper, pen stuck on the loop of an ‘o’. The boy was looking at him levelly. Eddie had heard that since the Turner incident, he had been the recipient of some mocking. Not exactly surprising. He had also heard that that had all but cut out three days ago when one provocateur had found it necessary to spend the night in the san and John, completely coincidentally, of course, had been put in a four-hour detention with the Deputy Head. Eddie didn’t think it would be wise to challenge his word.
The next day was Sherlock’s first exam and John’s third: biology. They waited with Mike and Molly outside the sports hall to be let in. John was trying to keep his head above the buzzing of nervous energy vibrating through the bodies waiting with them. He should have been more than used to exams by now, but the way Mike kept looking down at his scrawled flash cards and the way Molly was biting her lip was infectious.
– a smart shirt tucked into his high-quality jeans, and, of course, that bloody coat of his. John, on the other hand, with his worn shoes and unzipped hoodie – which he had just noticed a ketchup stain on – regretted following Sherlock in the moment he stepped over the threshold.
Muhammad frowned. “What do you mean? Everyone liked Carl, and he liked everyone back. I’ve told you this a thousand times.”
Finished with the mop, John returned it to the supply cupboard as Jamie checked the pupil in. As he did so, his eye was caught by the cupboard Dr. Smith had shown them during their induction - the one full of chemicals which he had warned them not to touch.
“You think I don’t know which wires not to pull on an explosive?” Sherlock muttered, and he heard John laugh an exhausted, wobbly laugh.
“’M okay,” Sherlock mumbled before looking over to Mrs Hudson and the man. “Sorry,” he said quietly.
“No, you mustn’t. There is literally nothing more you can do about the case, you’ve worked yourself half to death.”
“Don’t try that shit again,” John said to him. “We’ll find him, but you cannot tell anyone about any of this. Understood?” Angelo nodded, looking between John and Sherlock a little sheepishly. “Let’s go, Sherlock.” John left, knowing Sherlock would follow.
“Sherlock. Look at me.” John said, fighting to keep his voice steady. His friend slowly raised his head again, and those eyes, so clear, met his. “You have to understand that you cannot do things like that. You just can’t. Not with me. You understand, don’t you? Not with me. You mean too much to me. If you’re bored, say so, and I’ll entertain you, but don’t pull shit like that. I was out of my mind with worry. I was going to – Christ, Sherlock, don’t do that again. Just don’t.” John felt a lump in his throat and tried to swallow it down, without success. “Please.”
The first team had gathered in the changing rooms nearly half an hour ago exactly, and John felt like he was going to vomit.
“Oh, John,” Mycroft added, “on second thoughts, I will meet you and Sherlock at Tower Hill. I am working in London this morning, so I shall bring him home after lunch. Perhaps it would be best for us to discuss familial matters away from home.”
“It’s fine, John,” Sherlock said, and his voice betrayed no emotion. “Really.” He went to his wardrobe and began undressing. John turned away and, for want of anything to do, did the same. “It was just a thought. I understand that you would want to return to your family after so long away from them.”
“I had a friend whose daughter went to the school in the next town. Started about the same age as you, I think…” the taxi driver proceeded to tell a rambling story to which John paid no attention. Something about hockey matches and A-Level results. He let his mind wander.
“I heard your violin when I came in, Sherlock,” Mycroft said, looking at him, those eyes like an x-ray, cutting through to the meaning, speaking so precisely in the language that they had built up over years spent in each other’s company, their language of implication and layers. Sherlock knew what Mycroft was saying, knew that he knew that he was composing. And composing with a purpose. A recipient. “You could invite a friend.”
When he returned to room twenty-one, he found Sherlock sitting in the middle of the floor with his legs drawn up to his chest, silent for once. John set the mug next to his bony foot. “Don’t spill it.”
An hour later, they were well into a mock game, John trying his hardest to perfect the new strategy their coach had introduced, his progress slow as he tried to wrap his brain around it.
“I had a dog that had to be put to sleep when I was little,” Sherlock admitted, much to John’s surprise.
“You can have yours for free,” the girl said, as if she’s doing me some sort of favour, handing him a copy. “Take one for John as well.”
His sister’s dark figure moved across the room and sat at the end of the bed. John didn’t look at her.
“Blue?” said John. “Little boring for you, Sherlock, I’m surprised - oh, no, wait...” he pulled the suit out of the packaging and looked at the lapels. They weren’t matte, like the rest of the blazer, but somewhat shiny, catching the light.
It would have been so easy to decline. To find an excuse. But the old guilt about just how easily he had adjusted to his new life, how easily he had severed old ties, tugged at him.
The view of the swimming pool was impressive. It almost looked like a different building to the one that John and Sherlock had mucked around in at midnight, splashing each other and hearing their laughter echo around the huge space. Now, it was packed with people, the water looking as if it were boiling from the movement from the swimmers who, John guessed, were all warming up at the same time. Each of the six houses had a lane to itself – Doyle was the third, right in the middle. John tried his best to identify each of the figures in Doyle’s lane, but with little success. Each was wearing a swimming cap and black shorts. The only two he could identify were Karim and Harry due to their darker skin, but looking for Sherlock amongst the white boys was like looking for a needle in a watery haystack.
from his phone. He took it out and read the message. “Thanks to Molly,” he said, putting it away again. “I now don’t
“John,” Sherlock commanded, voice still wavering a little, why was that? “John. Look at me. Look at me.”
“Getting you to listen to me.” John said, dropping his hand. “It’s about the Angelica thing. I think we might have something similar on our hands…”
so slowly, all the blood drained from Sherlock’s body, out through his fingertips, trickling from under his nails. When John gasped his name, the boy turned around, and his eyes were wide and unblinking and their irises were the colour of a sky before snow, and blood welled up like tears and spilled from their corners.
“As risky as hiding thousands of pounds worth of drugs under your bed?” Sherlock turned the knob, opening the door as he said it.
John made his way onto the road and around the car to the passenger side. It was a relief to shut the door against the cold. He had just taken off his backpack and put his seatbelt on when he began to say something to Mrs Hudson, but was stopped in his tracks by her enveloping him in a hug. He tried not to appear startled by this, but hugged the woman back, awkward as the angle was.
Stamford gave them a tight smile and was so anxious to leave that he walked into the door frame in his haste.
“So let’s run away. Stop playing the game.” And then John remembered that he was supposed to be joking. “Join the circus or something.”
“That’s alright, I’ll teach you.” John assured him, turning on the radio. Harry had evidently turned it down since that morning, luckily. He went to the cupboards and took stock of what was there, then did the same at the fridge. “It’s looking like stir fry, I think. That okay with you?”
In truth, Sherlock did know. He had spent so many nights sitting within himself, mind on the stairs of his palace, body on the stairs of his home, while people downstairs pointedly refused to shout. It had begun as something voluntary, but at some point, it had stopped being completely under his control. Around the time his father left and Mycroft began needing those little pastel pills, he thought.
“That’s why he’s in Dickens,” said Sherlock, stressing the first syllable, surprising John into laughter.
YouTube (free, not-great quality, no subtitles): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlVR3QsWsGM and https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMndolKAC7s&t=3027s
John lay looking at the ceiling for a moment. He was about to reach over and turn off the lamp on his bedside table when there was a rustling from the fort on the floor and the sound of small feet on the carpet. He sat up to see Louis clambering onto the bed.
The next few days passed in a whirlwind, Sherlock focussed entirely on their one singular goal, John trying to help as best he could. Numerous lessons ended without John having written more than a couple of words, instead spending his time typing away on his phone under his desk - messaging Sherlock, searching online second-hand marketplaces, trying to find a way to ask Nadia if he could speak to her brother again. All the time, though, his mind kept returning to Richie’s small, scared voice in his ear. His thoughts would wander, he would stare out of classroom windows, running the events of that night over and over, until a teacher would call him back and he would find his lip bleeding from where he’d worried it with his teeth.
“Stop fussing,” Sherlock said, and John laughed and let go of him. “Honestly, the things you put me through…”
It was a little while later, when John had got into bed and was reading a book, when Sherlock continued. “My mother passed away when I was twelve. She had thyroid cancer. It was much unexpected.”
John crouched as well. There was a small furry bundle lying on the floor, seemingly totally nonplussed about all these people disturbing her slumber.
“But you do, don’t you see?” Victor laughed. “I provide the drugs, and you can’t live without them. Ergo,” he took Sherlock’s arm again, raising it. “You belong to me.”
“We should put some lights on in here,” she said, and began moving around the room, John and Harry following suit.
John shut the door with an inward sigh of relief, closing his eyes for a moment. When he opened them again, he was presented with the sight of Sherlock crouched beneath his own desk.
“What does that matter to you?” Sherlock replied, walking up the stairs. “You’re not even coming with me, when I leave the house has literally no impact on – ”
Sherlock didn’t reply for a moment, and John thought he’d done something wrong, thought he’d crossed some sort of unspoken boundary.
The moment John stepped into the assembly hall, saw all of those empty seats, saw the stage, he felt the first flutter of nerves in his belly.
John turned away to begin changing out of his uniform, and so didn’t see the brief frown, the brief pursing of lips – the brief worry that passed over Sherlock’s face.
Instead of doing that, he walked over to the door to the ward and put his head through. Sherlock was in the same position he’d left him in, and John watched his chest rise and fall a few times before retreating.
John opened his mouth, but Sherlock butted in. “Nope,” he repeated. “Our deepest apologies, Lestrade.”
“I know.” John replied, then smiled. His friend looked the same as ever, eyes bright and vivid that night. His hair was – “Hey, did you get a haircut?”
John knew the traces of his smile were still on his face, but he didn’t bother to try to hide them, because Sherlock was smiling, too. The air between them shimmered.
Sherlock wiped his arm on the glass, clearing some of the condensation, and looked out. There were quite a few families out, young children bundled up against the cold. With all of that clothing on, at-a-glance deductions were difficult, and his thoughts turned again to amnesia.
“Just a few arseholes, with some of whom I have the pleasure of sharing a rugby team. Been giving me a bit of grief in training recently,” he took a mouthful of tea. “Apparently, being your friend is some sort of occupational hazard around here.”
John woke sitting upright and gripping the hockey stick he kept under his bed with white-knuckled hands.
As soon as the backstroke competitor for Doyle touched the side of the pool he began at, the boy poised on the starting block dove into the water.
They took the left branch of the staircase when it split, and followed it round until it levelled off onto a landing and they were facing the front of the house again. They turned right into a corridor that led them down past a couple of open doors until Sherlock stopped by the only closed one.
, he couldn’t say that it was lovely, that it moved him, that it was beautiful – though he had about the painting. He had been truthful then, and he couldn’t work out what was different here, now. Something
He turned over and slipped back beneath the water, kicking until his outstretched fingertips grazed the bottom, then flexing his spine until he was swimming parallel to the grimy tiles. He reached the side of the pool, and kicking his legs together, as if they were one entity, he propelled himself out of the water, hands coming up and pushing down on the floor as he twisted his body to sit on the side, water gushing off him and forming a disappointing puddle around him.
“Fuck.” John said, turning around to face Sherlock. “I remember now. Like the one that killed Mr Bradstreet’s pets, right?”
A quarter of an hour later, the two boys were side by side and elbows-deep in vegetables, sleeves rolled up and eyes watering.
“No. No, listen,” John said, and the stern edge to his voice made Sherlock turn to him, eyes wide. “I need to apologise properly. What you said - what you offered - was the most anyone has ever offered me in my entire life.”
That Sunday, John had, like every Sunday, invited Sherlock to go into town with him, except this Sunday, he had accepted. The look of shock on his friend’s face had made Sherlock laugh.
They somehow managed to sit in a rough circle, John leaning against their fridge. He put a card in the middle of the circle.
“Uh, Sherlock, can I have a word?” John interrupted. “Just rest a bit, yeah?” he said to Angelica as he got up and put a hand on Sherlock’s arm, leading him out of the room. He put the door to behind him.
“Painted over,” Sherlock corrected. “That paint would have been too difficult to clean off in the ten minutes we were absent.” He inhaled and shoved his hands into his pockets.
John smiled to himself. “I know.” A pause. “Did I ever tell you about the time my family went on holiday to France and dad nearly got arrested?”
“Hello Jo, Harry,” he said, he and John trying to share a chair. Harry had forgotten just how posh his brother’s roommate was, and only seemed to be getting posher.
John washed the gunk out, Sherlock seeing only his knees as he knelt in front of him. He was gentle but firm as he pushed his hand through Sherlock’s hair over and over.
“I suppose it is a tad strange,” John agreed, thinking. “But we really do need to dress up, just a little bit.” Sherlock looked pained at the thought. “It’s fun, don’t be an arse.” John put a hand on Sherlock’s back and pushed him firmly towards the stairs. “I think we have a few decorations and stuff in the loft,” he explained as they ascended.
John glared at Glen, who was trying to shake Ollie’s firm grip off him. After a moment, he succeeded and before he could be captured again, stalked off, slamming the common room door behind him. John felt the hands on him loosen and an audible exhale go through the group.
“He tells me to go back to sleep, that it was only a dream, you know, etcetera, etcetera. We never discuss it in the morning.”
It was true – earlier that day, whilst looking for a book he thought he’d dropped down the back of his wardrobe, he’d seen the first of them: a tiny dot of a thing, stuck to the wall behind his wardrobe. The other had been behind their radiator, and he suspected there were more, but he wasn’t too bothered to search for them. Mycroft was probably paying one of the thicker year nines to spy on him anyway, and he had his suspicions about Lestrade as well, so hearing him and John talk about the weather or what lesson they had next or the dates of their exams would be nothing revolutionary.
’, because Latin at two in the morning was a massive inconvenience, no matter that he had been fluent since the age of five. But he didn’t. Because at that moment, John woke up.
Mr and Mrs Holmes were out of the country for the weekend, and Mrs Hudson had taken Sherlock and Mycroft to a church service in the village. Sherlock had protested all the cold walk there, spouting theories of atheism and kicking the frosted leaves along the lane in his small anger. Mycroft had just stared straight ahead, his hold on Sherlock’s arm like iron.
Sherlock thought he would be deaf within the hour. The crowd was chanting at least a dozen different chants at once, and he could barely hear himself think, let alone what Mrs Watson was saying to him. He was afraid he’d spill the hot chocolate he’d bought himself for something to hold. He had managed to secure space right on the sideline, in the very middle of one of the longer sides of the rectangular pitch. Harry was to his left, Mrs Watson to his right.
It had begun to drizzle around half an hour previously, while Doyle was battling it out with Pullman, but now the rain began to intensify. Not quite torrential, but enough to prompt umbrellas and mumbled complaining from the spectators.
“Nah, it’s not that,” John explained. “Sherlock just got chased across a field by a farmer and he’s hiding in a bush,”
Sherlock looked over his shoulder. John was walking towards him, looking concerned. Always so concerned, that boy. It was annoying.
John was so ready to punch him, fists clenching and unclenching at his sides, shoulders back, legs locked, he was so ready –
Sherlock didn’t say anything for a moment, finally extracting what looked like fluff from a jumper out of his food. Then, “I was planning on looking into the triple murder a little further this afternoon.”
“Well – yes, but not as thoroughly as I’d’ve liked because the door opened. So I ran to the toilet cubicles and hung up on you. Mr Davies came in and told me to leave, so I did. And now I’m outside. The ambulance just left but its sirens weren’t on.”
to do this. He had to. “If you do change your mind, that’s fine,” he blurted. “I wouldn’t hold it against you. I wouldn’t blame you. I only want to do this with you if you want it a hundred percent.”
He wondered about Sarah. About whether they would meet up again. About why Sherlock had used their kiss as a counter-attack. He was too tired to come to any even semi-solid conclusions about her, except that she probably wouldn’t want to see him again. Which was fair enough, seeing as a certain roommate seemed set on ruining every date they went on, and they were pretty piss poor excuses for dates anyway. He was too tired to be upset just yet.
He had had half a mind to bring Harry’s lab coat, but had thought at the last minute that perhaps that would be coming on a little too keenly a little too soon.
“John!” Mike pulled him into a rough hug, laughing, then pushed him back, holding him by the shoulders at arm’s length. “I fuckin’ knew it! You wonderful boy!”
John raised an eyebrow. “If you really want to know, my dad died during the Wars, my sister’s gay, and I kind of used to have a, uh, crush on the boy. So.” He cleared his throat. “Um. He was just being an arse, basically.”
His friend was still awake as well, despite the lateness of the hour. He was on lying on his right side, also on his phone. Texting. Probably Jeanette, by the slight frown on his face.
They were on the coach. Sherlock hadn’t realised. They were standing in the aisle, and John had asked him a question.
He turned his attention away from the window that looked onto the rugby pitch and went back to scanning the spines of the books nestled in their shelves. He had already been in the library for most of the afternoon, needing a change of scenery from his and John’s room. His scouring of the internet for substances with amnesiac potencies had been half-hearted at best, but the case of the girl in the san, Angelica, of the week before, was still niggling away in a corner of his mind. If could, of course, have had some genetic or biological cause, but something about it had felt very wrong.
“Thank you, John,” Sherlock looked genuinely pleased, and John didn’t really mind playing along, as long as it kept him from sinking into one of his moods. He didn’t really have the energy to deal with that today.
Sherlock pulled out his phone. “Like…” he tapped and scrolled and tapped some more, finally holding it out so John could see the screen, “… this.”
He looked over his shoulder and saw a handful of people in dark uniforms, and caught sight of walkie-talkies and batons – even a few guns. “So you did call the police.”
a minute,” Sherlock said urgently. John sat down on the outer window sill, legs dangling down the side of the house.
“My earlier hypothesis was correct. Jones emailed Lestrade, claiming to ‘have had enough of my rudeness’, and has banished me to Dr Hope’s class.”
“Oh, John, do shut up,” Sherlock said before he could stop himself, and could only hope his friend didn’t take it the wrong way. He risked a glance at the other boy, who was eyeing him somewhat suspiciously. “What I meant by that was that your apologies are unnecessary,” Sherlock tried.
“No, no, no,” John said, putting himself in Sherlock’s way as he made to leave. “What did you mean?”
He must have made the floorboard squeak, because Sherlock halted, mid-note. The boy set down his violin on the windowsill. “Good evening John,” he said. “Have fun with Gregson?”
Their efforts were in vain, however, as they watched over the banister of the stairs as Lestrade came out of his house and marched into the common room. They listened as the year nines got shouted at for not being in bed, and Mike’s guffaws were infectious. Seconds later, the younger boys scuttled out of the common room with their tails between their legs. They ran up the stairs, urgently mouthing, “Go, go!” as Lestrade strode out after them.
“I’m going to look him up on Facebook,” Mike stated, getting out his phone. “Sholto – how do you spell that? Are you friends with him?”
John was trying his hardest to be gentle. He found the process distracting and calming, pouring his energy into healing broken flesh. His patient didn’t squirm too much, unlike Harry, when she was little and had got herself into a scuffle with some other kid. That was when John had first realised he wanted to be a doctor, six years ago, wiping down his little sister’s bloody knees, while his parents were elsewhere.
As the music sped up again, Sherlock stopped walking in the middle of the stage, planted his feet and put his bow to the strings, drawing out the long notes that followed the pitch of the final “
There was a buzzing coming from one of the lights above him. It was flickering slightly. The buzzing was deafening. The lights were dazzling, he could feel their heat, prickling on his skin. He could feel a sweat break out against his collar. His tongue felt huge in his sandpaper-dry mouth, like a dead slug, useless. In his clenched fists were woodlice, making his palms itch and tingle.
“Why do you want to know?” came a lilting accent, and John turned to Charlie. He was looking at John with a calm smile that made John want to punch it.
Surprise, this chapter is a bit earlier than we were all expecting, me included! I am super busy this weekend so I decided to get it up today.
“Is that what you do? Rise above it?” Anderson asked. “You think you’re so superior, John, but just wait until he turns on you. He might not have yet, but he is a genuinely bad person. You’re too blinded by… by something, that’s for sure. Or maybe you do see it, but the sex is too good to make you leave.”
She folded her arms and opened her mouth but before she could say anything more, there was a knock at the door. It was pushed open by someone who could only have been Richie Brook’s uncle.
Greg saw Sherlock’s eyes flick up to rest on John’s face, saw the blink, saw the slow, small smile. Saw his eyes drop as John’s moved back to his.
“J… fuck. John?” Anderson called after him, and something in his tone of voice made John stop and turn around.
“Hey! Pair at the back; I’m not seeing many notes being taken,” Dr Hope scolded from the front of the classroom. John gave Sherlock an apologetic look and folded the newspaper back up, slipping it back into his folder.
Sherlock shot him a look. When he saw that John wasn’t trying to make fun of him, he sighed. “When you’re down there, you can’t think of anything else. It’s all so condensed and insistent. There’s no order. It’s a wonder we haven’t gone extinct yet, really. But seeing things from higher up is…”
Sherlock fought himself for a fraction of a millisecond but he quickly lost the battle and heard himself joining in, and now he was somehow holding John's face too, when had that - ?
“It’s a short cut,” she explained. They went inside, and John instantly regretted it. It was dark, unforgivingly so; there were no windows and he had no clue where his guide had gone.
“Three’s a crowd in social situations, not when you’re breaking into a kidnapper’s house!” John exclaimed, wrapping himself in a towel and opening the shower door.
“I’m going to let go now,” Sherlock said, and John didn’t have time to panic before Sherlock dropped his hands.
They were just about to leave when Pete added, “Oh, by the way, you don’t have any booze we could borrow, do you?”
Sherlock knew he was being childish, storming off like he had, knew that John had just worded his thoughts badly. But he also couldn’t look him in the eye.
John sighed and took the paper back. “Fine.” He flipped to the back of the paper and found what he was looking for.
,” Sherlock added, and John understood, even with his rudimentary French, that Sherlock was trying to butter up the latter option.
“Good morning, everyone,” the Head Master greeted the students, resting his hands on the lectern in front of him. “I hope you all had a good weekend. We have lots to get through in assembly this morning, but first I’d like to welcome our Partially Deceased students back to Saint Bartholomew’s. You will likely never know how the school mourned each and every one of you, but needless to say, we are overjoyed to have you back with us.”
It was stuffed on the Tube. It was only a short ride to the shopping centre, but it felt like a lot longer than that due to the discomfort of being squished up against strangers. And Sherlock. They weren’t quite touching, but John’s view was a very close-up one of Sherlock’s neck. Not that he could see much of it, as his friend’s usual blue scarf was wound protectively around it. Sherlock had once hand on the bar above their heads, making his coat fall open a little, revealing a typical light blue shirt. John had never really noticed how tight his shirts were – either that, or Sherlock had put on some weight since he’d first met him. John hoped it was the latter.
The doorbell rang for the first time that evening when John was polishing off the last slice of pizza.
Sherlock watched him sit heavily in the plastic chair, shoving his bag under the desk. He looked a little too old to be in year ten, Sherlock thought, shoulders a little too broad, face a little too defined. He adjusted his tie, his shirt, pushed up his sleeves to the crooks of his elbows.
“I used to want to be a pirate when I was younger,” Sherlock said, going to sit cross-legged on the sofa. “Around the time the first film came out coincided with the zenith of my piratical obsessions, so I convinced Mrs Hudson to take me to see it at the cinema.”
John snorted. “What did you do today, Sherlock? Oh, not much, but I found a new gay dad on the train,”
Sherlock watched as John’s fingers tapped out a message. He’d never really thought about hands as a concept before, because
He and Mike easily spotted Doyle – a great lump of boys, mostly dressed in the house colours of maroon and navy blue, waving scarves of the same colours over the edge of the spectator seating. Although it may as well have been called spectator standing, as no seats were occupied; the entire male population of the school was pressed up against the barrier that stopped those watching from falling onto the poolside below.
John felt no more anger. If that was what Sherlock wanted to do, that was what was going to happen. He stepped back and made for the door.
It also looked as if one corner of it was less of a storage space and more of an area that was actually in use. There was a sofa that looked well-worn over years, and a table covered with the sorts of things John had only seen in one other place – Sherlock’s side of the room at school.
“I’ve already done two of them,” he explained. “Well, nearly. I’ll polish them later. This is the third.”
Sherlock’s eyes were darting over the scene unfolding in front of them. (God was saying to Angelo, “Christ, you want me to spend more time with you than she does, and I’m dating her!”
“Year nine passed in much the way as would be expected now that Sherlock lived in the ceiling: quietly. He avoided everyone as much as he could, but when he did speak to us, he was polite, maybe a little too polite. One by one, we stopped talking to him altogether.
“Aw, look at you two,” Mike’s voice cooed, and John looked up to see the boy, having turned around form his and Molly’s desk in front of them, grinning at him. “Kind of romantic isn’t it? Dissecting a heart together – oh, there could be a metaphor in there somewhere.”
John watched the water stream off his was he pulled himself out of the water, watched as he ambled back to the rest of Doyle’s swimmers. John saw him smile as the others threw him what must have been words of praise, and saw him sit, pulling the towel around his shoulders again.
They walked. Straight down the middle of the road. There were no cars in sight, and none could be heard. The roar of the city was silent, dormant.
He hopped down off the counter and opened the window, and the radio presenter’s rapid babbling was muffled beneath the drumming rain that had started up again.
Sherlock had never had to filter himself before – he realised, now, that he probably should have done a couple of times – and he wasn’t going to make a habit of it. But he thought that, just for the time being, it might be wiser to keep himself as amicable as possible – not too much, else John would suspect something, but maybe go to bed earlier, go to more meals, that sort of thing. Just make sure the concrete over their cracks had dried before he put his weight on them again.
“Sherlock.” There was that tone again, the one he’d used with Anderson last month. No-nonsense; commanding; dark. Sherlock tried to run up the stairs, but John pulled on his coat, dragging Sherlock back down, shoving him in front of him, grasping him by the shoulders and forcing him to face him. Sherlock turned away. “Look at me.”
Sherlock had never thought about this side of him. He seemed almost transformed, on the pitch, from John, the reliable friend, to John, the first team rugby player, the sportsman, the leader.
Sherlock and John looked at each other. It was Lestrade, John had come to know his heavy, steady gait. Sherlock’s pupils were still abnormal, and he’d get expelled if he was caught. John was pretty sure Sherlock wouldn’t care if that happened – in fact, he’d probably be over the moon – but John was also pretty sure that Sherlock, while a genius in many areas, possessed extraordinary idiocy in others, especially areas concerning his own wellbeing. That was John’s department.
Planets. They come back. On their orbits around stars, they come back around. Or do they? He wasn’t sure. Wasn’t it the sun that orbited the planets? Perhaps he shouldn’t have deleted that when he’d dropped physics. Perhaps he should ask John.
“Bye, John,” he heard Clara reply uncomfortably, Harry staying silent. John and Sherlock walked down the corridor in silence, but John could feel a laughing fit gripping him, so he sped up, hearing Sherlock do the same. He clamped his jaws shut and took the stairs two at a time, and was nigh-on jogging by the time he made it to his room, ushering Sherlock in behind him and closing the door.
He nudged his friend. “They’re checking you out,” he said, knowing that Sherlock would know who John was referring to.
Sherlock had finished his hot chocolate, and in equal parts had hated it and wanted another. But he couldn’t move from the spot he was standing in.
“No, John – stop – ” Sherlock spluttered, but John was stronger than he looked, and despite Sherlock’s best efforts, he ended up with the thing wedged firmly on top of his head.
After the ceremony ended, John grabbed Sherlock’s arm as the pupils began to move towards the exits. At his friend’s quizzical expression, John tugged him in the direction of the year eights. They followed the children out of the hall, eyes flickering through the mass of bodies, looking for the smallest of them all. It was John who spotted him, who took off after him across the road, and Sherlock ran after him.
John stepped to the side to block Sherlock’s attempted exit from the conversation. “Sherlock. I said I wouldn’t lie to you.” This made Sherlock still, his eyes catching John’s. He seemed to deflate as he understood the implication of John’s words.
John was thrumming with an uncomfortable mixture of worry and adrenaline (and not a tiny bit of fear), but he knew that it wasn’t directed at himself. However, that knowledge did not lessen its potency in the slightest.
The previous evening had been a blur of intensive conversation with Angelo, finally getting him to admit his less-than favourable alibi, then Sherlock running into the greying light, John following. The slapping of their school shoes against the concrete until they were out of the school’s boundaries. Walking under the purpling sky. Sherlock’s pale skin against the blue of the evening. Quick conversation. The village’s smoking chimneys. Banging on the door of the head of the local police. Trying not to sound like deluded schoolboys. The falling blackness, peppered by stars, aeroplanes, satellites. Finally,
John turned around to pay for the hat, and Sherlock stood still. The thought that he may have had to buy John a Christmas present hadn’t even crossed his mind –
“Carl Powers’ loss will long be a deep wound for all who knew him. St. Bartholomew’s will mourn him and together we will make sure his memory is never forgotten.” John felt Sherlock look at him.
John fell asleep on the phone to Sherlock three times during the half-term holiday. Each time, Sherlock had to summon every ounce of self-control he had to disconnect the call. He knew it would have been silly to fall asleep on the call too, to wake up to John waking up, to run up both of their phone bills - but he desperately, achingly wanted to. He knew John had been more shaken up by the attack than he was letting on, and combined with the events of the swimming pool, Sherlock was feeling what John had told him he couldn’t feel - protective. It was a new feeling, a fierce feeling akin to anger, but ever so much scarier, because it felt like John was lodged somewhere in his heart. Or that he wanted him to be. They say never to remove the knife that stabbed you, because it’s the cork, it’s the dam, it’s the floodgate. Sherlock knew that if ever John were to try to remove himself from that bloody, tangled mess of veins and valves, Sherlock wouldn’t be long for the world.
John agreed and watched Sherlock press his hands against the tile of the poolside and raise himself out of the water, twisting as he did so to end up sitting on the side. John attempted to do the same, but his efforts resulted in more struggling and rolling onto the side than Sherlock’s seemed to have done.
Sherlock didn’t speak again until he’d finished John’s crisps and was licking his fingers to get the salt and grease off.
Sherlock smiled in that way he sometimes did when John complimented him, like he wasn’t sure if it had really happened or not, and whether he should allow himself to be pleased by it.
John’s eyes snapped open. He was upright before he knew what he was doing and gasping like a new-born. He clamped a hand over his mouth to keep the sobs inside, gulping them down. He could do nothing to stop the tears spilling from his eyes and the shaking that racked his body.
Sherlock himself could think of plenty of reasons, of course, and they were all through no fault of his faultless friend.
He crawled across the mattress but halted again at the sound of John inhaling sharply. His face was displaying a combination of amazement, confusion, and sadness – no, loneliness, or… homesickness? Nostalgia?
PS I fleshed out this fic's description a bit - I have realised a few years too late that the fic's description wasn't giving enough detail to potential readers! I may fiddle around with it a bit but this is what it's looking like now. Hope the change isn't too jarring for you long-time readers.
John felt his cheeks burn and his heart race but he was sick of his mother’s ignorance and all he could think about was James and his own father and he wanted to be sick.
There was a burst of noise. John felt rather than saw the guests’ heads turn towards the source of the sound.
“What were you saying?” John resumed after having closed the door on a group of excitable ten year olds.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and put a foot gingerly on the ice. John watched him closely as he adjusted to the slipperiness and the other foot joined the first. He kept one hand on the rail that ran the circumference of the wall and shuffled further in.
Not another syllable was exchanged between the two inhabitants of room twenty-one until John was sitting on the floor almost three hours later, struggling to separate his heavy army boots from his feet. As far as John was aware, Sherlock hadn’t moved from the position John had left him in.
“No, no – I mean, I miss you, and home, of course, but I’m doing fine. It’s very different, though.”
“I’ve been trying, Johnny, I really have. But with the economy and everything else, everyone’s fighting over the same jobs. You’ll understand when you have to make a living for yourself.”
John sighed. “You shouldn’t’ve complained about it being too quiet the other week, you know. You jinxed it.”
Nobody had said anything to Sherlock during registration. His form tutor, an elderly man who Sherlock didn’t know, had done a double take upon seeing him, but had quickly looked away.
“Yes, obviously,” Sherlock sighed. “Think about it. There’s only a week to go until the end of term, and he’s been very busy wrapping me around his finger, and then Angelo appears, a boy in Dickens - and if everything happens for a reason, there’s no way any of this is coincidence. So, Dickens, Bradstreet, his dead pets. Some sort of sign, some sort of tease. But,” he bit his lip, “I did not expect Staunton to be anything more than an easy lure to get our attention.”
John remained in the common room for the duration of the meeting, washing up miscellaneous bits of crockery that had been left in the sink, and tried to eavesdrop on the conversation. It seemed one of the upper sixth, a muscular creature named Harry, was doling out races to the other boys. Sherlock had a discussion that bordered on argument with a year eleven to get a particular position in a relay, but, other than that, remained surprisingly civil throughout, which John was thankful for.
- ” Sherlock attempted to get up, but John grabbed him by the arm and pulled him down again. Sherlock hissed involuntarily at the contact. John shoved up Sherlock’s sleeve to reveal the site of what must have been a particularly nasty variation of a Chinese burn, the skin an angry red. John exhaled unhappily.
Later that night, John was sitting on his bed, replying to a various congratulations from his friends in other houses. He realised he hadn’t yet told his family, so he took a picture of the certificate that he had just Blu-tacked to the wall above his bed and texted it to his mother.
He felt John sigh against him. “Yeah, I know,” and the sudden cold air where there used to be skin was worse than Sherlock had been expecting.
. What Sherlock seemed to be most upset about was that the phrase they found that night was completely unrelated to anything.
“It’s always good to have formal wear in reserve,” Sherlock said. “Now, for your outfit, I would recommend a white shirt and a blue tie - ”
There was a momentary pause in which John thought Sherlock had accidentally recorded a blank file and sent it to him. But then came Sherlock’s voice, low and close to the phone.
“Thank you, Molly,” Sherlock said, taking the box and pocketing it. John glared at Sherlock until he caught his eye.
Inhale: intercostal muscles move thoracic cavity up and out. Diaphragm contracts. Pressure decreases.
Mrs Hudson was waiting downstairs to drive John to the train station. Sherlock slipped on his great coat and slipped into the backseat.
“No, I’m not,” she denied vehemently. “It was only a couple of shots, and it was Clara’s idea anyway,”
He caught his own gaze in the mirror above the sink and stilled for a moment. He wasn’t quite used to his reflection yet. He turned his head this way, then that. He leaned in close and examined his eyes.
“Please at least try to remember that some of us aren’t blessed with legs like telegraph poles,” John said. “Wait, enough time for what?”
“I’m in this boarding house called Doyle – all the houses are named after authors. Our guy wrote some books that I’ve never heard of about some bloke called Professor Challenger. Anyway, the guys in my house are pretty nice, and the rest of my year seem to be decent enough - I haven’t had much chance to get to know them, which is perhaps for the best.”
John explained what Lestrade had said, and, thankfully, Mike said he’d handle it, and told him to change and meet him downstairs in five. So John did.
It was a brief reprise of the peace in each other’s arms with the chaos of the rugby pitch swirling around them, and it was over when John’s mum shouted at him from the taxi.
And he did. Sherlock’s gaze landed on John’s, and the recognition on his face was instant. A small quirk of the mouth, a relaxing of the forehead.
“Hey, Ollie,” John greeted him.  Ollie just looked at him and flashed him a tight smile. Lestrade, who had nicknamed everyone in the house, it seemed, called Ollie by ‘Ferb’, after the cartoon character. It was very accurate.
Back in the reception, John busied himself arranging leaflets on the table until the pupil was called into the nurse’s office. As soon as the door shut behind her, he approached Jamie’s desk. Sitting on it, he said,
Her response was a bout of wheezing coughing that made John wince. “Shall we put a film on?” She asked when she had caught her breath.
John pushed open the door to the room to find his mum asleep in an armchair. The room was dim, the only illumination coming from the television, its cold, flickering light casting harsh shadows and deep lines onto his mother’s face. She looked drawn and tired - no, utterly exhausted. There was an empty wine glass held loosely in her hand, limp over the arm of the chair. The canned laughter of an American sitcom was grating against the quiet of the house. John found the remote and put it on mute. He looked at his mum, watched her chest almost imperceptibly rising and falling, watched the carotid artery pulse with life in her neck, again, again, again.
They encountered Mrs Hudson in the hall, and Sherlock rushed to take one of the large trays she was carrying off her, and John took the other. They were laden with small morsels of food, and John couldn’t even tell what most of them were comprised of.
By the time Sherlock and John returned home, the sky was beginning to darken, despite the afternoon having only just begun to slide into evening.
This happened so often it was beginning to become funny. No-one ever knew how to react to this fact. No-one understood that he didn’t want the awkward ‘
Sherlock watched the secretary follow him out into the corridor to make sure he didn’t run away. Sherlock shot a glance at Greg, but the boy was buried in a book and not paying the proceedings any attention.
“I didn’t ask him to! Mum made him. She thinks I’m the new Dickens or something, keeps telling everyone she knows that I write now. It’s exhausting,”
Didn’t draw anything in particular; too tired for that. Lines, splitting space into negatives and positives, maybe forming a shape, maybe not.
“That was stupid,” Sherlock said to John after a couple of minutes, wisely giving John time to cool down.
John had only ever been to the san once before, and that was to accompany a limping Mike after a rugby match gone wrong. He hadn’t even gone inside, had just said goodbye at the door.
“This is stupid,” Sherlock muttered, and John opened his eyes. Sherlock avoided his gaze and sat next to him, knees up as John’s were, arms curled around them and violin and bow clutched in one hand.
John stopped scrubbing and looked at his friend, who was tapping his fingers against his thigh. “Are you nervous about something?”
John sighed. Not a split second later, Sherlock sent through the details of which bus and which stops to do what at, and John sent a quick affirmative text back. He got the feeling Sherlock was busy doing something or other, so he brought up his music and put his earphones in.
Sherlock nodded once. Turned away, back to the buffet on Lestrade’s kitchen counters. John realised too late that that had been the wrong answer.
Angelica was sitting up in her bed, laughing weakly, while Sherlock was sitting on one of the beds opposite, one leg crossed neatly over the other, a barely-detectable smile lingering on his mouth.
Lestrade had sworn them to secrecy about the outcome of the election. John hoped that was the reason for Mike to be shooting him so many conspiratorial little glances when the sixth form gathered in Lestrade’s garden later that evening for what Lestrade had termed an evening of mandatory fun to celebrate the end of their exam period. Sherlock had only allowed John to drag him along at the promise that Lestrade’s homemade finger food buffet would not have come from the school kitchens and was therefore slightly less likely to make him throw up.
When John returned, Sherlock was lying on the worn leather sofa, half-dozing. His friend plucked one arm off his chest and placed the hot mug into his palm, and Sherlock heard him sit in one of the nearby chairs and pick up a newspaper. Sherlock opened his eyes and sat up a little to drink, and his eye was caught by the pink paper John held in front of him, obscuring his face.
There few a few titters from the crowd, and then Molly appeared from behind someone, Sherlock’s clear plastic box in her hand. “Here,” she said, blushing bright red. “I didn’t think you’d want the mud back,”
Sherlock smiled at him, and before John could stop him, walked purposefully back into the ward. John could only hope he was going to be civil, because he could do nothing as he heard the door to the building open again.
John forced himself to turn back to the mirror. “So what’s your suit for, then? Because you told me you’d only go to the ball if hell froze over,” he teased.
“Come on, Green!” an anonymous voice shouted into the silence. A few people laughed, and an answering voice from the other side yelled,
The headmaster waddled down from his podium as the congregation of pupils and staff in the assembly hall stood. Once he and the heads of school had left, the rest of the school filtered out, off to their first lessons of the day. The hundred-or-so lower sixth gathered in the middle block of seating as Mr Carter took his place, not at the podium on the stage, but just in front of the pupils.
In fact, he didn’t hear Sherlock coming up fast behind him, so when Sherlock caught up, John was taken entirely by surprise and nearly tripped.
“God, I can’t take you anywhere, can I?” John exclaimed. “And why does all the fun happen without me?” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “So did you find out who the boys were?”
“That first half term holiday of the year, I am pretty sure he didn’t go home. He just stayed up there, alone. His family didn’t care. The pupils didn’t care. No one cared. No one except me and Molly Hooper. She was as much of a friend to him as I was, and we’d been texting each other about him every now and then.
“Sherlock?” John whispered. No response. He laid a hand softly on Sherlock’s shoulder at which the boy stirred, lifting his head slowly from his palms. He blinked his eyes open, following the arm up to John’s face. “Were you asleep?”
Molly, Jamie and John leaned in. The cupboard was stuffed to the roof with bottles of pills, syrups, tinctures, everything and anything. Most of the names printed on the labels John couldn’t even pronounce in his head, let alone guess at what they did or what they treated.
Victor drew his brows together. “Really? You’re actually going to pay me,” Sherlock glared at him. “You’re different these days. I’m not sure I like it.”
“Your bag’s on the bed,” John said, and Sherlock took that as an invitation to enter the room. It was small, but tidy, as was John’s way, with barely enough room to walk around the single bed and blow-up mattress on the floor. No desk, unlike his sister’s room, no space for furniture besides a bookcase and wardrobe. The walls were painted the same unpleasant yellow-beige as the rest of the tiny house, the bed clad in dark blue linen and one light in the centre of the ceiling. The window in the wall opposite the door gave a view of the house opposite, lit by the orange glow cast by a streetlight.
Quite a bit more shouting later, the parade relaxed into standing easy, and awaited instruction. John took this moment of rest to talk to Lottie.
Sarah shifted her now rather stubborn gaze from John to Sherlock. “If you think that you’re just going to waltz in here and rob me of the most fun I’ve had all year, you couldn’t be more wrong. And besides, this sounds serious, and I want to help.”
“That colour doesn’t suit her at all,” Sherlock said in his ear, as if he knew exactly what John was thinking. Which he probably did, John reminded himself.
John supposed he was right. Before he could answer, his phone vibrated with a text. It was his mother, discussing her and Harry’s travel plans for Saturday. John put his head in his hands.
John gave a despairing look to Jeannette, and a memory hit him, the same expression on his father’s face when he fell over at some important ceremony and started crying, and his father making that face at a diplomat,
“Oh, I don’t…” Sherlock began, but John grabbed the unopened parcel containing Sherlock's suit and ripped it open before Sherlock could even rise from his chair. “John, no, don’t - ”
His brother had told him many a time that he was too melodramatic. Sherlock had always believed that he was simply honest.
The door opened onto a staircase that led down into the basement, where he supposed the man with whom Sherlock was currently occupied lived. He slowly crept down the steps and as he did, more and more of the room revealed itself to him. There was a white sofa in the centre, with a coffee table covered in all sorts of drug paraphernalia in front of it, with some sort of power on the floor next to it. A large flat screen television was mounted on the wall opposite the king sized bed, on which was lying a small boy.
“Are you Sherlock Holmes?” she asked, and when Sherlock replied in the affirmative, a little of the tension visibly slipped off her shoulders and she closed her eyes briefly in relief. She composed herself. “I need your help.”
Sherlock slowly extricated his legs from by John’s head, sitting up. It was probably best to let John sleep, seeing as he hadn’t done so properly in a long –
The tour had been rather short, as, as Harry came to discover, a boarding house was mainly made up of other people’s bedrooms and bathrooms. So the only interesting part was when Sherlock led them both down a corridor right to the very end, and stopped in front of a room with the number twenty one in the top right hand corner.
“Piss off." John laughed, surprised. “Your father used to read those books to you, the ones you brought with you,” said Sherlock.
“I know that,” Kitty dismissed. “I’m just curious about him. Hmm,” she mused, turning to look at him, stopping in her tracks, “you’ve just sparked an idea. Considering you know him so well, how about you and I collaborate on the piece?” John opened his mouth, but Kitty pressed on. “You’d be able to get a real insider scoop - inside the mind of the boy detective, yes, I can see it now. Of course there’s no mysteries to report on, not since Mr Bradstreet’s pets - unless…?” she prompted, looking at John with that penetrating look again, and John folded his arms.
“Ready?” Sherlock said out of the corner of his mouth, lips barely moving. He was walking at the same pace that John was crawling and looked the very picture of tranquillity, hands casually in his pockets and surveying the area with disinterest.
“You’ve wasted your money,” Sherlock said after John held up the two tickets he’d bought from Eddie.
However, John was sitting in assembly, Sherlock on his right, not paying attention, as usual, when the Head Master uttered the name ‘Bradstreet’ into the microphone, jerking John back to reality.
“He was being insolent and rude to me, as he always is, so I simply inquired as to whether it was entirely appropriate for him to be drinking so much malt whiskey before the first lesson of a new year, and whether his developing pornography addiction had helped him with his marital problems, and he evicted me from his class. What’s so funny?”
Sherlock hadn’t spoken to John all morning, except to declare, as soon as John opened his bleary eyes at six forty-five, that he wasn’t going to breakfast. It was a surprise, therefore, when Sherlock noticed John looking at him and quickly came over to John and Sarah’s lab bench. People shrank away from him as he passed, and even Sarah rapidly averted her gaze as she saw Sherlock approaching.
John lashed out and caught one of Sherlock’s hands where it was resting on the table and, against Sherlock’s struggles and fully aware that he was attracting looks from the girls next to them, prised his bony fingers open and deposited a forkful of chips in his fist before curling it closed again. The wordless struggle intensified as John forced Sherlock to raise the fork to his mouth – trying to avoid impaling his eye on the tongs – he’d tried so many methods in the past to get the git to eat, this one had to work – if only he could get him to inhale a lungful of food, then surely his body would override his mind’s idiotic starvation protocol – and John was now out of his seat and leaning across the table, blazer dangerously close to dangling in ketchup. There, they reached a stalemate, Sherlock’s mouth tightly closed, and pushing back against John with all his scrawny strength.
Doyle’s strength apparently lay in sports involving a ball and a solid surface under one’s feet, but by the last few races, they were coming a respectable third – if Mike’s calculations were correct.
“Fuck,” swore John, fumbling for his phone. He read the news notification. “Marylebone, fuck... That’s right in the middle of the west end, there will have been so many people there…”
“Yes,” he replied, and John turned around to see if his facial expression matched his confident words. Sherlock was wearing grey tracksuit bottoms, which took John a little by surprise – he hadn’t thought Sherlock owned any clothes that were even remotely comfortable – and a hoodie. Slung over one shoulder was a gym bag, and he was leaning against a washing machine. His face was completely passive, and John realised he had told the truth.
John hadn’t seen him before. He looked to be quite young for a teacher, no older than mid thirties. His dark, close-cropped hair had silvering streaks that matched his grey eyes.
Sherlock unclipped the final fastening and stood, loosening the jacket before throwing it across the floor. It skidded to a stop next to his gun.
“But,” John said, thinking. “I don’t have any equipment, I’ve only got my sketchpad and…” Sherlock smiled at him as the realisation hit him. “But that’s-”
“How can it be unnatural if they’ve found a way to treat it medicinally? You don't seriously believe all that pro-living crap, do you?”
“Yeah, whatever,” John replied, and he lifted the laptop so that Harry and her mother were briefly afforded a wobbly view of more of the same bed and desk and the corner of a chest of drawers before everything blurred and pixelated a little as John turned the laptop around and walked somewhere.
John drew his hoodie from his bag and shoved his arms into it. “Not really,” he said, his voice muffled as he pulled the clothing over his head. “I’ve still got time.”
Sherlock seemed distracted by the girl, still hastily walking in the opposite direction to them, but not so distracted that he couldn’t interrupt John. “I’m not sure she’ll have to be.”
John grabbed his face and turned it roughly. The concern of earlier had all but dissolved. He prised his eyelids open and peered at his pupils – left first, then right.
“I thought I felt – ” John began, before feeling it again. A snowflake, landing this time on his cheek. “Oh my god, it’s snowing!”
After emptying half of his family’s alcohol supply into his friends’ arms, John finally shut the front door on them and they left with profuse and enthusiastic thanks.
Lestrade found him just seconds later, his large hands pulling him away, but John felt like he had been crouched by Sherlock’s side for years, for ever, since the cold, rosy dawn of time. He knew he was talking, but not what he was saying. Sherlock’s wrist slipped from his grasp as Lestrade hauled him up. Sherlock’s skin had still been warm.
The next morning at registration, a thick-necked boy from the upper sixth got up and made an announcement about the house swimming competition being the next Tuesday.
John pretended to be weighing up the situation very carefully and Mike and the others clasped their hands in a begging gesture at him. John grinned.
There was an eruption of noise from outside, and Sherlock stood on his tiptoes to see out of the window again.
“I am well, thank you – passing tests, catching evildoers, the usual,” he said, drawing an almost imperceptible smile from John. “My family is just the same as ever, vague and frosty, but thank you for inquiring. I see you have a new boyfriend, Jo, I’m pleased for you.”
Once they had returned to school, John didn’t see much of Sherlock for the rest of the day. Mike had insisted they go to the regular Sunday two-hour rugby training session when John had been rather more in favour of bunking off.
where God was. John felt himself shaking with adrenaline, and then he was in Angelo’s space and his hand was in Angelo’s hair and he yanked, making Angelo cry out in pain and stumble backwards, following where John was leading him away from the wardrobe by his hair. Once Sherlock had had a chance to step away, John let go of Angelo. He looked at Sherlock. “You okay?”
“Okey-dokey,” Harry said. John shut the bathroom door but didn’t lock it, and went into Harry’s room.
“Don’t bother trying to confront Anderson,” said Sherlock, reading John’s mind before John had even realised the thought was there. “He’s not worth your time.”
Sherlock accepted Mycroft’s call and put the phone to his ear, standing. He looked down at John and his gaze softened. And then he nodded at him, and that was all John needed.
John seemed sincere. Inappropriately so. Pizza should not have warranted such a look of concern as that.
“John – John, listen to me,” he began, a little surprised that his voice wasn’t as steady as it had sounded in his head.
Suddenly, there was a rapping at the window. John jumped, pencil slipping and cutting a long gash of graphite through his drawing. His head whipped to the window to see, completely unsurprisingly, Sherlock Holmes.
They stopped walking at the end of the corridor, on a landing very similar to the one that they had come across after having climbed the second set of stairs. In fact, this landing had a staircase that led down to the floor below as well, and John guessed they had walked from the end of the south wing to the end of the north wing.
He watched him for a few more long minutes. He could almost see the energy coursing through him, like his veins were cables thrumming with voltage.
“Okay,” John said, trying to find a loophole. “But what if… I meant good as… a… noun?” John sat up again, stretching. “What then?”
“Not bad, thanks, not bad – Sherlock turned up at my house a few days in but it was pretty uneventful apart from that. Did you do anything interesting?”
Mycroft put the news on, Viola typing something every so often on her laptop, Mrs Hudson flipping through a magazine with flimsy pages and
“I think I must have changed the mode without realising when I was talking to you,” John replied. “And no way am I deleting it.”
“Fucking year tens,” John said as he walked in. “I was happily showering away when I hear all these little feet like a stampede of baby elephants and then, like, three hundred of them flooded into the bathroom.”
“Obviously,” Sherlock replied sarcastically, and John thought for a moment that Sherlock had heard his conversation and his heart jumped, and he wasn’t sure why. But there was no trace of it in the line of the boy’s shoulders as he moved across the room behind him to set his violin down and fiddle with an ongoing experiment, and John turned back to the laptop.
“No, no, no,” Sherlock said, getting up and pushing John out of the way. “You’ve messed up the index.”
“I wasn’t expecting an escort, but if you insist,” John said, and Sherlock felt like laughing in relief – as long as John was making jokes, the world was still just about alright.
“How’s the art coming along?” Mike asked John as the pair walked down to the rugby pitch together that afternoon.
John huffed. “Right, fine, whatever,” he grumbled, stepping onto the grass and making his way over to his coach, trying to think up some excuse.
They stayed like that for a few moments more, more and more people turning to gawp at the source of the commotion.
They were standing on the stairs, watching the house slowly empty of people. They had already said goodbye to Louis and Henry, John hugging the youngest boy. Celine gave them both a kiss on the cheek. Henry, under his mother’s watchful gaze, said a very polite thank you. Léa avoided Sherlock’s eyes, and Sherlock hers.
Sherlock had been reading the same page of Latin for the previous half an hour. He was finding it difficult to concentrate, especially when John rubbed his foot absent-mindedly. Infuriating. But he’d read all of
“And will you be joining us, Miss Adler?” Sherlock asked, and John couldn’t read his face nor his tone.
Once the babble of their voices - Mrs Waton’s confused, Harry’s fake-bright and insistent - faded, John took one look at Sherlock and burst out laughing.
John held his breath, waiting for Sherlock to turn his sharp tongue on him once again, but Sherlock didn’t respond at all.
He watched the back of John’s head as they drove, very slowly due to the icy roads, through the village. Mrs Hudson chatted about nothing, and John replied in like manner. Sherlock stayed quiet, not having anything to say.
Well, I'm finally back, for good this time! Exams are basically done, a four-month summer stretches out ahead of me, and I have absolutely nothing to do and it's glorious. And to say thank you for sticking with me, after eighteen chapters without so much a mention of a kiss, I gave you two in one chapter - which is a crappy apology present, I know, but there's barely any shops open at this time of night so I couldn't get anything nicer.
John knew full well that they weren’t going on holiday in the summer. They had to start saving so that Harry could go to a private school for sixth form, like John. Their mother had written off all of the senior schools in their catchment area as actively detrimental to their future CVs when John barely understood the meaning of the word Ofsted. She had high expectations for them, just as their father had. They hadn’t even started thinking about university, but John knew the possibilities were slim at best. But that was another problem for another day.
The younger kids had gravitated towards the sofas and were now draped, exhausted, over the furniture, some asleep already. John was chatting with the preteens about nothing in particular, and Sherlock was half-listening, half-thinking about the night that was close to fizzling out.
“Will you be seeing Sherlock over the holiday?” Harry asked, and John was a little thrown by the sudden change in the topic.
John’s vision was mainly occupied by the inch of skin between Sherlock’s scarf and the curls at the base of his head. He didn’t realise how close they’d got until the train shuddered to a halt at their stop and braked a little too hard, catching John off-guard and causing him to stumble into Sherlock, who steadied him with a hand. John quashed his embarrassment as they disembarked and followed the crowd up to the street.
“Wow,” Mrs Watson’s eyebrows reached for her hairline. “A doctor and a consulting detective, I am in privileged company.”
They both remembered the last time. Their mother had come home late, so drunk she had yelled all sorts of insults at them, at John as he’d tried to help her up the stairs. They’d taken refuge from the storm in John’s bed, as they had done when they were little and telling each other jokes. But there hadn’t been any jokes that night.
The strip light in the ceiling of the corridor outside Victor’s flat was flickering. The air smelt of urine.
John had deliberately not told the others where he was going before he had left. It was a heavy subject to breach with people you barely knew. He didn’t want to be treated any different to ‘normal’ John; the John that Mike, and Ollie, and the rest, and his mates back home, knew. The John who played rugby and got good grades and loved his family and had had both the modern and ancient versions of the Hippocratic Oath memorised since the age of ten.
When at last Lestrade let the boys go from the evening of mandatory fun, Sherlock and John were the first to leave. The sun had set and the games had tired John more than he had expected, but as soon as the door to room twenty-one closed behind them, he threw himself back into the deep end.
The therapist was only a short tube ride from John’s home, and he relished being back in the subterranean tunnels. He loved it. He would much rather take the tube over a car any day; the carriage rattling along, screeching and jarring as it went, was the sound of home, and it was easy to lose himself in the crowds.
Sherlock opened his mouth, evidently about to unravel the whole spiel of his deduction, so John interrupted, for all their sakes. “He just knows things. Like I said.”
. And he had said it as if it was the most certain thing in the world, that Sherlock would still be dragging him into peril all the way through their A-Levels – beyond that, Sherlock truly didn’t allow himself to think. So certain that it would, indeed, be pragmatic for them to have some sort of mayday known only to themselves. So certain it was as if Sherlock had no choice in the matter –
Sherlock didn’t know how to reply, but John didn’t seem to be expecting one, as after a moment, he stretched and got up, walking past Sherlock into the bathroom.
“Well, his hips definitely do not lie,” Mike commented, and John didn’t have a response to that. The boys in the front row had obviously been chosen for another reason than their dance skills (which were being shown off spectacularly as their hips swayed to and fro); the same reason that they were the only boys in the house to be topless and that he could barely hear the music under the screams of the girls. He couldn’t really blame them – the contrast between the silver glinting of the sequins and the darkness of Jamie’s skin as it moved over his muscles was so –
“Lost?” came a velvet voice from behind him. John wheeled around and was presented with the sight of a girl of indeterminable age, with dark brown, glossy hair standing behind him. She was smiling at him invitingly.
They chose a café where they could sit and see over the balcony onto the floor below so that Sherlock could people-watch. In the queue, they argued over who wanted the last panini more, but stopped when they heard the old couple behind them laughing at them. John let Sherlock have it and picked a baguette instead. The barista’s smile was a little too friendly when she was serving Sherlock, and John had a hard time not laughing as it gradually faded as Sherlock blatantly ignored her attempts at flirting with him.
He crouched down to the level of three little boys, all no more than six years old – a mummy, a ghost and a vampire, out early because of their youth.
“Oh, shall we look at the house singing page?” John said, opening the newspaper again, returning it to rest on both of their knees.
“I wouldn’t know.” Sherlock looked away again. “But from what I hear, sometimes love makes people do terrible things.”
There was a seating plan projected onto the whiteboard, so John assumed his position. He had a decent seat, middle row, third from the right, with a clear view of the board and the corridor outside. John’s lab partner sitting next to him had long, mousey brown hair tied in an intricate plait. On sitting, John realised she was very pretty indeed, and even prettier when she smiled at him in greeting.
John returned his gaze to their feet. Sherlock’s socks, as deep a purple as his shirt (that was, John noticed, a little untucked, which was almost –
“I’m here to take you to the san,” Sherlock replied after a moment, not even bothering with trying to smile back.
Said younger brother had the good grace not to glare at the audience. His eyes flicked to John’s once, and then Mycroft sat and Sherlock focused.
Suddenly, there was the sound of feet slapping against tile, and John turned just in time to see Sherlock run and throw himself into the pool, at the last minute curving his body so that he hit the surface in a lazy dive.
Sherlock ignored him and seemed to have taken a rapt interest to what Lestrade was saying. John laughed to himself.
John chuckled at something in the film. Sherlock pushed the sound from the television away and listened to the cars outside, some near, some far. It was a sound he was unused to, surrounded for most of his life by open fields and silent forests as he had been. There was the occasional scream of a siren and a shout, a dog barking and footsteps on the pavement outside.
The door to the office opened to reveal the same man who had come for Molly, but this time, he was holding a living boy by the scruff of his jumper. The boy’s jaw was set and his tie was askew.
“Envisioned?” John tried to read through the layers and layers Sherlock was parcelling his words in. “Sherlock, we’d still be friends. Even if I had to go somewhere far away after uni, I wouldn’t - couldn’t - forget about you.”
“Christ, John – stop – this is ridiculous – you’re embarrassing yourself - “ Sherlock muttered through gritted teeth. The girls next to them had all stopped eating and were staring at them with unabashed looks of horror and amusement.
John was drumming his fingers on the countertop, watching the brown bag in the machine rotating slowly.
“Not everything has to be about cases and mystery and impossible problems, just let yourself relax for two fucking minutes for once,” John replied, trying to keep his voice down.
John thought about trying to convince Sherlock to drop the case again, but previous attempts had not ended well, so held his tongue. He sipped his tea. “Are you coming into town today?”
Underneath was a large photograph of Doyle on stage, Sherlock standing right at the front. He supposed it must have been taken during the crescendo, and he was rather pleased to see that his face was as composed as he’d hoped. John was behind him and to the left, and Sherlock was suddenly glad he had rolled up his friend’s sleeves – John looked a lot better than the other boys who had left them down. Next to the image was a sub-heading that almost made Sherlock want to burn the paper right there and then:
John oscillated where he stood. If the teacher got close enough to see who he was, he was done for, but he couldn’t exactly just run away - but then there was a smash, like glass breaking, somewhere off to John’s right and in the split second the teacher was distracted, John’s feet took charge. He heard the teacher’s aborted shout behind him, but he was already squeezing his way down a small alley and around a corner and weaving between a small cluster of buildings. He came to a stop amongst some bins behind a building and tried to muffle his own harsh breathing in his sleeve. After a couple of minutes of silence that seemed to stretch into years, he was beginning to think he had perhaps given the teacher the slip when a shoe scuffed on the concrete and he startled - but it was only Sherlock.
“I almost didn’t want him to explain, because it is always such a personal thing when you find out someone’s big secret. Everyone has one, I think, but they’re always huge when it’s a person who goes to therapy. And I felt like I’d pressured him into explaining. But I was so curious, so I didn’t stop him.
Sherlock felt a smile tug at his lips. “I’m not sure I would say trust…” he joked, and John rolled his eyes.
“That is only a possible explanation of some of the facts,” Sherlock replied curtly. “Don’t say anything if you’re going to be boring.”
The first part of the journey was a breeze – the Tube was a little disorderly, but that was to be expected on New Year’s. Once the crowds began to thin as he left the centre of the city, he managed to find a seat. He put his fraying backpack on his lap, finding comfort in the shape of the yellow disposable camera in one of the outside pockets.
“You? You never go into town,” Victor replied, narrowing his eyes. He didn’t even jump at Sherlock’s sudden appearance.
“Well, if it isn’t Sherlock Holmes,” she remarked, drawing out his name as if it were a particularly disgusting fungal infection.
“Well, I’m definitely not here to seduce a mediocre saxophonist with two budgerigars and a history of money laundering, so I doubt it,” he replied, "although, despite your state of dress, it doesn't seem like you're having much luck with the seduction. Are you sure this woman is that kind of criminal?"
They stayed like that, Sherlock’s head bent to John’s shoulder, coats brushing, for the rest of the journey, Sherlock deducing half the passengers within his sight quietly into John’s ear.
The kids behind them fell silent as the shout reverberated around the room. John could feel eyes on his back. Sherlock slotted their hands together again and tugged lightly.
The unfinished drawing from that morning was going to be a pun of some sort; he had been listening to the news while making breakfast, so he had been doodling ‘BREAKING NEWS’ in block letters across the top of the page. He usually tried to avoid words in his drawings, as he felt that they looked clumsy – or that could just have been a projection of how he felt about his own ability to use them correctly.
“Unfortunately for us, the nurse had confiscated Sherlock’s chemistry set and Lestrade promised to do weekly checks of Sherlock’s area to make sure he wasn’t hiding anymore contraband. However, Sherlock managed to bribe me into helping him rebuild his little lab up again. All I had to do was let him keep his stuff in my drawers, in return for him not being vile to the others. In my defence, it was a fair deal, and I wasn’t about to let the situation in the dorm be as icy as it had been years previously.
“Oh, that,” Sherlock nodded. He had just enough self-control left to reply, “I’m not telling you that.”
John shivered as he walked. The sun was slowly sinking beneath the horizon, sucking all the warmth out of the early evening air. The sunset splashed the sky with a fiery orange, coating the dull grey stones of the library with a delicate honey.
Sherlock hoped he wouldn’t say something that sought further confirmation like ‘Really?’, but his friend just smiled.
“It’s probably cocaine,” Mycroft sighed. “Listen to me, John. You need to find his… stash, and you need to dispose of it. Indefinitely. But you can’t tell anyone, understand?”
In the few minutes of his friend’s absence, John was called upon to explain to the Bradstreet family why it was probably not best to enter the kitchen, console the crying children, and assure an angry wife of Sherlock’s ability to help and not to hinder.
John got into bed and settled, facing outwards towards the rest of the room. His thumb hovered over the send button on his next text. It wasn’t quite an ‘I miss you’, but it was close enough to make him hesitate. He sent it anyway.
Sherlock’s expression was almost unreadable, something like offense and incredulity and resolve all mixed into one. “You deserve all of it. To take all that is gladly offered to you and to not
“I can’t,” Sherlock said, and he really was crying now. John’s chest felt like it was being crushed under its own weight.
about the fact that the army would partly fund him through university - but his attention was on Sherlock, who wasn’t looking at him.
“Goodbye! Thank you!” John shouted as the sound of footsteps faded down the path. Sherlock waited until he heard the door close before opening his eyes and sitting up.
Eric, Eddie, an Upper Sixth who was nicknamed The Hulk by Lestrade (and everyone else - John doubted whether anyone actually knew his real name), a Year Nine called James but universally referred to as Ben Ten, and a Year Eleven called Marco, were gathered silently, each sitting on a separate piece of furniture.
John and Angelo had somehow edged towards each other so they were now inches apart. John was well aware Angelo hit six feet easily and John was… under that, but the anger that had been building for over a fortnight was broiling in his veins and all logic in his head had taken leave for the time being. John knew he couldn’t fight Angelo – he was bigger and stronger than him, and he and Sherlock were far outnumbered. But he could punch and run. He could kick and run. Knee and run. In the balls, attack his masculinity. That would be fitting.
John looked at the cards he held close to his chest. Nestled within the others were three sixes. He frowned. “Bullshit,” he said.
John barely had time to wipe his (oddly steady) palms on his dungarees before the house surged forward into view.
John laughed, the sound loud in the darkness. After a moment, Sherlock resurfaced, taking an audible lungful of air and pushing his hair back from where it had stuck to his forehead.
John grinned, but made sure Sherlock couldn’t hear it in his voice. “You are a truly awful person, Sherlock Holmes.”
John tip-toed out of the room, the clock in the corridor telling him that it was ten past seven. Harry’s room was silent, the girls still sound asleep. His mum’s door was open –
Sherlock looked closer at John’s drawing and realised it was different to the one he had been in the process of however long ago ten minutes actually was. John noticed him looking.
There was nothing different about the mouth, save that the lips were pale grey, which struck John as a bit odd.
A few more junior races passed before the announcer gave the next race the title of senior boys’ fifty metres freestyle.
I recommend following me on tumblr if you want to see some recently rediscovered, never-before-seen ancient Juxtaposition drafts, which is what I have scheduled to next lose my mind about over there. Previous topics I have lost my mind about have been some gorgeous art you guys have made, teasing you all with sneak peeks of upcoming chapters, and the sheer amount of love I feel when anyone interacts with me. My url is
“Sherlock!” The man behind the counter exclaimed upon seeing who had entered his shop. “It’s been a long time, little man! Well – not so little any more, are you?”
John didn’t really have anything to say, so he just looked at the picture, with Sherlock next to him.
Of course, he was going to have to learn to trust these boys with time – common sense told him that he couldn't leave school every weekend to go to therapy and lie about it every single time. Despite his conviction to not get too close to these boys, he knew he had to tell them. Perhaps not wanting to get close to them would work in his favour anyway - if they reacted badly, he would have lost nothing. So, he took a breath, and took the leap.
As Harry disconnected the call and the screen went dark, John closed his eyes and passed his hands over his face. Sherlock watched, observed how tired he was. How getting up in the morning was going to be the toughest thing he’d do all week, how he would fall asleep in English, how his mother would call him as soon as lessons ended and cry down the phone at him, then shout, then apologise, how he’d dig his nails into his palms to stop himself shouting back. How he would pick at his dinner, how he would seem cheerful to his classmates, but how he would decline their offers to hang out, to socialise, to be consumed by their laughter and how he would, instead, go to their room and simply sit, sit and think, and how Sherlock himself would stand by and let him, because he didn’t know how, he’d never been taught how, to make other people feel like they weren’t alone.
Footsteps squeaked down the corridor and a nurse poked her head around the doorframe. When she caught sight of Sherlock, the question that was forming on her lips fell away with her lower jaw. John gave her a smile and a ‘
Those times felt like years ago. And everything was brighter now, clearer. But something was different, all the same. John was his best friend (those words were still new and stiff to Sherlock) and they both knew it. And, when he dared to remember, John had called him his best friend as well. Sherlock had never felt so tied to another human being, the feeling somehow freeing rather than restraining. But all the same, all the same, something was different. Something underneath.
Now that John had realised what had felt off about their gathering, had noticed the absence that had been growing more and more unusual lately, however, John’s interest in the game waned.
“Ah yes, Mr Watson. I remember now, Greg did say something about a new boy. Well, sit down, all of you!” The four late boys scrambled to obey. “I think we’re one short…” mused Gregson. “Where’s that devil, Holmes?” No one had an answer. “Never mind, we’ll start without him.”
She handed him a steaming mug with a smile that was too world-weary for such a young face. Together, they walked back into the lounge.
“There you are, Sherlock,” came Mrs Hudson’s voice, and John remembered where they were standing. Sherlock looked to the source of the voice and John followed his gaze, getting his first real look at the interior of the house.
John brushed a hand over his face, gave him another questioning look, and when Sherlock nodded, moved his attention away once more to the stalls they were passing.
Sherlock tried to pull his arm away again, but Victor held fast. “What’s in that?” Sherlock asked, nodding at the needle poised above the soft skin of his inner elbow.
“Oh god, too much information, John,” Sherlock recoiled, scrunching up his nose. John laughed – thank goodness – and stretched, yawning.
“Amnesia. Interesting.” Sherlock mused, before turning suddenly and striding back into the ward. John cursed under his breath, and, as always, followed.
He poured his heart and soul into dinner that night, taking extra time with making sure everything was perfect. But when he sat down to eat with his mother and Harry, he found that it all tasted like paper in his mouth. He left most of it untouched and went to get changed.
John put another marshmallow in his mouth, feeling like his cheeks were going to explode any second. “Chubby bunny,” he managed, but it was almost intelligible.
“John, thank god,” Lestrade exclaimed when he saw them. “Finally someone sensible in this madhouse. Could you please find your teammates and tell them to, first of all, calm the fu- to calm down, to find a mascot if they haven’t already, and to find some paint and bring it into the common room? Thanks.”
“It’s not for me,” John hastily explained. “My roommate sent me instead of getting off his lazy arse and coming to get it himself."
There is some French in this chapter; to read the translations, you will need to hover over the words with a mouse.
As he jogged down the pitch, his eyes drifted to the spectators gathered on the sidelines, wrapped in coats and scarves and gloves against the weather that was fast becoming winter.  He thought he caught sight of a particular coat and scarf and pair of gloves, but on a second glance, the collar was flush against the shoulders, the scarf was a tad too vivid, the gloves were fleece.
“Uh,” John faltered, “yeah, from the san. Listen,” he lowered his voice, “I know it was you on Sunday in the - ” he gestured at his ear, before catching Sherlock’s gaze. The boy had just caught up to them and was standing behind Richie. He shook his head at John.
He watched as John applied a plaster to the child’s knee, wiped his small, angry tears from his cheeks, smiled at him. John, the font of infinite patience and kindness.
The next day, John walked Sherlock to the Tube station, as usual. Their parting conversation was less of a farewell and more of a ‘see you soon’, neither mentioning New Year’s Eve nor pretending it wasn’t going to happen.
“Can I use your phone as a mirror?” John asked, and Sherlock held up the device, the front camera on so John could draw his own war stripes across his cheeks and dots on his forehead and chin. “Your turn,” he grinned when he was done.
“Exactly as I suspected. John?” John was at his side in an instant. “Look.” He pointed down at the ground. Angelo’s window looked over what must have been Mr Bradstreet’s garden, with its swingset and barbecue and well-tended hedges. Sherlock was indicating a patch of grass at the back of the garden by the fence. The earth looked fresh, as if it had been dug recently.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Fine. If you really want me to say it, I ordered something for myself, too.”
Mike nodded. "Exactly. But half way down the corridor, just outside the laundry room, he stopped and put his equipment on the floor. He grabbed one of the spare laundry baskets sitting in the corridor and upturned it. And the, he stepped up onto it, reached up, and pushed on the ceiling to reveal a hatch in the ceiling above his head.
John jumped and turned around. “Sherlock,” he said, grabbing him by the arm and maneuvering him away from the door. “We’ve been thinking about it all wrong. He was a bully.”
, screaming like an animal. He told me he couldn’t... he couldn’t feel his legs and something clicked and it hit me for real. It had all seemed a bit surreal before, but then I panicked. I got out of the car and ran around to the front, because the other car was wedged tight against the passenger side of ours, blocking dad’s door. I scrambled up onto the bonnet and all I could think was ‘spinal cord, spinal cord, spinal cord’. Needless to say, the windscreen was smashed in, the cracks splintering out in a crystalline spider web. I kicked at the glass with the soles of my not-tied-up shoes until there was a sizable hole in the centre. And then I did something very, very stupid. I tried to reach through the glass and haul dad out that way, but I hadn’t made the hole quite big enough yet, and I got stuck with my upper torso in the car. When I wriggled to try and get free, I pushed my left shoulder onto a huge shard of glass and it dug right in. I managed to get free, but now I couldn’t use my left arm properly and so getting dad out wasn’t a viable option. I was sitting on the bonnet and trying not to cry when I thought of the other driver.
John's exit from their window was a little smoother this time, and soon the pair were walking silently down the alleyway. It was a frigid night. The sky was clear, the moon had waned into a sliver of weak light. The twin beams of torchlight jumped jerkily as the boys walked, unsure of what they were supposed to be focusing them on.
Sherlock pushed the previous few seconds out of his mind. The lamps’ warmth on his scalp was rather on the hot side of pleasant, but Sherlock trusted John to not do anything risky.
“You’re talking about him like he’s your bloody husband,” Mike said, coming up behind him. Under the cover of the expected ensuing laughter, he lowered his voice and said, “Come and help with the Chinese?”
It was like breathing out after holding your breath until your head swam, it was like the rush of oxygen as you inhaled again, it was like sitting on a roof as the stars came out. He opened his eyes and felt as if he had had them closed for weeks.
“It doesn’t,” John replied, hoping he sounded nonplussed, “I was just curious. Having written the Herald piece, you know. Everyone saying he was perfect.”
All the competitors were more or less neck and neck at the end of the first length. Sherlock tucked himself under the water in the same forward roll he’d done the first night they’d gone swimming together and disappeared.
His pupils dilated, letting in light that wasn’t there, not really. Moonlight. What a fraud. A mere copyright scandal.
“You have never, ever cared about detention in your entire life,” John countered. Sherlock fell silent. “So. You have a younger sibling.” Sherlock said nothing. “But I didn’t see any trace of another Holmes at your house.”
The presenter was saying some final words, struggling to be heard over the screams of the crowd on the bank of the river.
Sherlock turned his head very slightly and fixed the girls with what John knew would be a penetrating glare. The girls stood a little straighter, smiling a little wider. As soon as Sherlock turned away again, they whispered excitedly to one another.
Also, this turned out way way way longer than I was expecting. You know when authors say things like 'I have no control over the characters, they do things and I write them, not the other way around'? Yeah well I discovered for myself the slightly worrying truth in that. Like, I had a list of things that needed to happen in this chapter but they only make up about half of it.
Sherlock repeated the entire process in the other mug, until John made a disapproving sound in his throat and shooed Sherlock away in the middle of adding the powder.
“Oh, really? Anyway, Anderson and Sherlock were always somehow bumping into each other, and Anderson would beat him up if he got the chance, but only if his little pack of disciples was around to goad him on.”
The treatment centre had warned in euphemistic tones of ‘curiosity’ from the living, but Sherlock should have known better. He berated himself for feeling shaken by the woman’s reaction. It was only logical she would have been startled, looking the way he did. But that knowledge didn’t stop him feeling now every glance in his direction as the glare of a spotlight on his bare skin.
John was thinking about the previous night. His memories blurred into one another, laughter, music, more laughter.
“It was her idea,” John pointed out. “She just… I think she thought I wasn’t willing to put as much effort in as she was.”
“Very mature, John,” Sherlock said, and it was the first time John had heard him breathless that night.
“He’s not here. And hating the people who killed him will do nothing to change that. Have some fucking humanity, mum.”
“How much time do you have?” John teased, but Sherlock ignored him, suddenly raising his hands to his face and sitting up very straight. John pressed a napkin into his friend’s palm, recognising the seismic tremors of a snotty volcano. After a suspenseful moment, however, Sherlock drooped again, throwing the napkin down. He picked up his fork and went to prod at a sausage, but seemed to reconsider, and with an “Ugh,” he put the cutlery down and pushed his plate away from him.
He stepped away from the bed and went to leave the room, but turned back. “At least take your tie off and get under the covers, yeah?”
“Information. Nothing you’d feel uncomfortable with releasing, nothing indiscreet. Just tell me what he’s up to,”
He turned left out of the door, and walked down the path that ran alongside the library’s exterior and bordered on the rugby pitch. As he grew nearer to the cluster of boys, he realised he was clutching the books to his chest, and he forced himself to relax, holding them down by his side.
Just then, both of their phones vibrated. Sherlock got to his first. “There’s been an explosion in London.”
Angelo wrung his hands, a gesture almost comical in his thick limbs. “Can we go somewhere private, please?”
“My memories start up again properly when I was sitting in the waiting room with Lestrade. Molly’d had to stay at school. I had to be there because I had been the one who’d found Sherlock. Lestrade had to be there because he’s our legal guardian when we’re at school, obviously. After I’d told him what I’ve just told you, about how he moved to the attic and how everyone pretty much forgot about his existence, we didn’t speak for a very long time.
His mother and Harry had repainted the bathroom, a light shade of pink. There was a new brand of cereal in their kitchen cupboard, a new kettle on the counter. The Christmas decorations were already up, the tree glittering in the living room.
Sherlock was chipping away at a small piece of flesh, and didn’t show any response to the waft of grease and cheese when John slid the boxes onto the table next to him. John waited for him to do so, but realised he’d be better off waiting for the sun to implode. At least that event was guaranteed to occur.
“Oh, please, not you too. You don’t know how boring it is to be called a stalker so often. No, you want to be a doctor, so biology, chemistry and maths are obvious. You brought quite a few books with you to school, despite you knowing that we have a rather extensive library here, so you must have an interest in literature - and it goes beyond the academis. You have formed some sentimental attachment to those particular ones you have in your suitcase.”
“Okay,” John said to himself, nauseatingly aware of the two storey drop looming below him. The rain beat down on him, dripping into his eyes and making the tree even harder to see as his eyes struggled to adjust to the sudden darkness. He knew that the branch was only about two feet from the window, but it suddenly seemed as if the Grand Canyon lay between the bricks and wood.
Footsteps. Lestrade and Mycroft appeared over John’s shoulder, and Sherlock heard his own laughter cut out. John furrowed his brow at this, cocked his head, and then turned. Sherlock saw his smile drop as he saw the two men, who were sharing a look that made Sherlock’s blood run cold.
, he wanted to say, but then John would get annoyed with him. It didn’t matter of course, but John’s co-operation was preferable nonetheless.
