Dean’s staring at him, his eyes wide and flustered, and the rest of him doesn’t appear to be faring much better. The top buttons of his shirt are undone, his tie hanging loose and crooked around his neck. There’s something that looks like wine splashed across much of his shirt. If Cas had thought he looked off at dinner, it was nothing compared to now.
“Get a room, lovebirds!” she shouts, smirking when Dean flips her off without opening his eyes or taking his lips off Lisa’s.
“You planning on takin’ Fitzy’s spot?” one of his new teammates asks, clapping another catcher on the back, who suddenly looks panic-stricken, as if this had never even occurred to him as a possibility before.
“I think we have a new Christmas tradition here,” Cas says, and laughs when Dean scoffs and playfully smacks Cas's forehead.
It's a photo of a beautiful woman holding two small boys. She looks angelic, a small, closed-lipped smile that seems simple, but Cas can see all the pride, happiness, and contentment hidden behind it. The boys are smiling wide, and Cas can feel his lips quirking up in a small grin in spite of himself.
“Dude, what’s that look--” Any remaining color drains from his face as he puts two and two together, and Cas can feel his cheeks heating up fast. “You…” Dean says faintly, and Cas’ heart starts pounding as he tries to figure out what Dean’s thinking. “Me?” he finally asks, pointing his index finger toward his own chest.
“Couch,” he says, pointing in the general direction of the well-worn, overstuffed couch in the middle of the room. Cas obliges, but still tries to protest.
“Don’t exactly come as a surprise,” Sam mutters. He runs a hand through his hair, plastered down like he’d just showered in an entire tin of pomade.
Dean’s tongue slips its way into his mouth, and Cas inches himself closer as Dean cups both his cheeks in his hands. He can feel Dean moving one of his hands up until it reaches Cas’ hair; once it’s there, he grabs a fistful of it and kisses Cas harder.
Cas sits uncomfortably, letting his fingers rest stiffly on the keys. Elton John. Something about the way she’d so easily given him a nickname makes him pause, but he can’t place why.
The late autumn wind hits Cas like a punch to the face when they exit the dorm, and he’s convinced he can see Dean shiver. They make the trek across campus to the beach—which is actually just the soccer field; people tan there and play volleyball in nicer weather, hence its nickname—in silence, following the other clusters of people. Cas feels his stomach start to twist; he’s never felt this nervous around Dean, like Dean’s expecting something from him. Which is stupid, because Dean isn’t even
Cas’ own suit is plain black. It still smells like church—the last time he wore it was for their grandmother’s funeral three years ago. When he first pulled it out of his suitcase, Balthazar had asked him if he was paying respects to the death of his career.
Sam’s in front of them now, but that doesn’t stop Dean from still being able to practically see the eyeroll. “He’s got no obligation to tell us anything he don’t want to, Dean.”
is where all the mess is, huh?” he finally asks teasingly. “Dude, the season ended months ago. What do you still have these saved for?”
And Dean isn’t sure what he’d been expecting—sure, maybe not unbridled joy, but definitely not surprise, which is exactly what Cas is hitting him with. “You all right?”
He digs his phone out of his pocket with a sigh and doesn’t bother to glance at the caller ID before accepting the call.
Castiel rolls his eyes and turns back to busying himself with the mundane task of making sure that all of the fake fossils are at least halfway covered with sand and dust. As he shifts the sand over each fossil, his mind keeps wandering back to Dean, wondering how tomorrow will go. Will Dean be in a better mood? Is he going to resent Castiel? Oh god, what if he already hates him? Castiel doesn’t think he’ll be able to deal with that, and as if to confirm this, his stomach does an unpleasant little flip.
“It’s all about the money, boys,” Crowley continues, looking for all things like the cat who ate the canary as he preens over their cash once more. He flicks through the stack with his thumb for what feels like the tenth time before shoving it all into his suit pocket along with his horseshit business cards. “All of it.”
Castiel looks back over his shoulder at them, his expression blank as a board. “It’s the correct address,” he says. “I don’t understand why it seems to be aban—”
Cas stirs under his arm, and Dean trails off, glancing down to see Cas blinking owlishly up at him. He yawns, trying and failing to hide the way the corners of his mouth quirk up in a grin. “Morning, sunshine.”
LaFitte leans in at that and glances around, like he’s on the lookout for eavesdroppers he’d have to kill—which, given his track record, may not be too far outside the realm of possibility. “Bacon tomorrow, though,” he says quietly before tossing an extra piece of cornbread at Dean. “Keep it on the down-low, huh?”
with such venom that Cas would’ve taken a step back had he been standing. “I was supposed to have people watching me, making sure I didn’t get ambushed. That obviously went great.” He looks away and takes a breath. “Your pals snuck up on me, nearly bashed my goddamn head in, dragged me to your five-star camp, and voila, here we are.”
Cas smiles. “Told you,” he says as he grabs an oven mitt and places the tray on top of the stove. The fries crackle and pop as they start to cool down, and Cas’ heart absolutely does
Dean isn’t just a person anymore; he’s Cas’ person, and Cas smiles against Dean’s lips, reveling in the way he can feel Dean doing the same.
Castiel gives him another pleased smile. “I’ll be sure to make the suggestion,” he says, and heads back to the table. Dean follows him, trying to catch any stray crumbs from falling onto the polished hardwood floors. Once they’re both seated again, Dean takes a minute to take Castiel in, and realizes that he looks almost as uncomfortable as Dean. The tan and pink sweaters Castiel is wearing look new, like he hasn’t had a chance to break them in yet. Dean pulls at the collared shirt under his own new sweater that Sam had forced him to wear--”At least
see it, you’ll be able to get your very own one of these. Except I bet yours will be way cooler than mine. Yours’ll have a color and everything, and you’ll be the only one who’ll be able to use it.”
“Shit,” he mutters, staring down at his lock screen and the tiny “1 missed call, 1 new voicemail” notice. The number is new, nobody in his contacts, and he swallows hard in a futile attempt to control his nerves as he unlocks his phone and presses play on the message.
“Not bad,” Dean says, taking in Cas’ sparse decorations and clean living space. “Just as uniform as I expected, honestly.”
Sam's cheeks redden a little, and when he laughs this time, it looks like some of the tension in his face is actually draining away. "Yeah," he says, running his fingers through his lion's mane hair. "He just doesn't like to talk about it; I think he's embarrassed. Pretty sure I'm the only one who knows."
“Sorry,” Garth says, spinning the bottle of hairspray between his fingers like a sharpshooter before tucking it back into his supply belt and grabbing a small sponge. “Time is of the essence right now. Word is your partner’ll be here any minute. Just a few more things to fix up here...”
From questions about how much money to bring on a cruise to 15 things you ABSOLUTELY NEED TO KNOW before your first time on board, Cas’ head is a jumble of shore excursions, cruiser etiquette, and overpriced drink packages. By the time he stumbles upon a word-matching game involving different terms “to make you sound like a bona fide cruiser,” Cas is about ready to put in a preorder of three of said overpriced drink packages, all for himself.
“You all are talking like the bastard doesn't deserve it.” The group looks up to see Lucifer standing above them. He flashes them a grin before dropping his bowl onto the table with a careless clatter. “Motherfucker should be dead already, for all I care. That fucker’s got it out for each and every one of us, and if we hadn’t caught his sorry ass, you know he wouldn’t rest until he’d killed us all.”
“I’m so sorry,” he babbles, trying to pull himself together while trying not to sound as distracted as he feels. “I wasn’t watching where…” He trails off, and this time, his breath catches in his throat for an entirely different reason. “Dean.”
More out of desperation than anything, he feels around for the ignition, and the way his heart soars when he feels not only that, but the
He’d been alone then, scared but trying not to show it—keeping a stiff upper lip, John used to say, back when he’d talk to Dean at all. It’s a strange comfort having Sam and Cas by his side this time, but that’s short-lived when he catches sight of Heyerdahl leaning up against the bench.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Yeah, yeah.” Taking care to avoid any sore spots, he dusts off his pants and shirt, then points an accusing finger at Cas. “You’re not going anywhere, Novak. Got it? Not to town, not back to Heyerdahl, not back to your fucking freakshow cousin. No plea deals or bargains or whatever the hell kinda deal you’re hoping you’ll get for turning us in.”
Once it’s time for him to get back to work, Cas gently pulls himself to his feet, taking care not to disturb Dean. He’s about to head back out to work when he remembers something. He digs into his pocket and pulls out the small chocolate from Hannah, then places it on the armrest next to Dean’s hand. A little ball of warmth starts to spread in his gut, and he grins before leaning over and pressing a kiss to his husband’s forehead.
There’s a pause, then, “Yeah. Yeah, we’ll figure it out. Okay.” The relief in Dean’s voice takes Cas by surprise, the idea that even a small part of Dean might have been expecting him to be so upset by this whole thing that he would’ve ended it then and there.
The bottles clink together when Balthazar reaches forward, sticks his hand inside the bag, and pulls one out, admiring it like it’s the Hope Diamond. “Hello, my lovely,” he says, nuzzling the bottle to his cheek before tucking it reverently next to him.
, to make matters worse, you thought it’d be a good idea to take the next elevator instead?” Cas stares at Dean as his cheeks go pink under his freckles. “You could barely
-scotti earlier,” he says, pleased when he catches Castiel grin at his correction. “It was awesome. You should make sure Sam and Jess order those for the wedding along with their cake.”
listing, and Cas’ heart is in his throat as he watches Dean’s eyes for any sort of reaction as he takes in the massive archive of episodes.
Dean stares at him, biting down hard on the inside of his cheek to stop himself from running his mouth and making this whole situation ten times worse. His lack of response seems to just goad Heyerdahl further, and Dean stumbles as the warden’s hand shoots across the table to grip him hard by the jaw. “That was a question, sweetheart.”
“I was supposed to have had time to set all this up,” he says absently, shoving the snowman cake aside to make more room for his parcels. He picks up a Tupperware container and examines its contents before pulling the lid off and setting it back on the table. Cas gets to his feet and walks over to him, snaking his arms around Dean’s hips and resting his chin on Dean’s shoulder.
After a few seconds of silence, Cas nods down toward the tray of temporarily forgotten cookies. “I should probably--”
Before either of them can answer, though, Sam latches onto something else. “Uh, I don’t mean to be rude,” he stammers. “Happy as we are to see you again, did you just say the
Cas wants to laugh at that, but knows that his mother wouldn’t appreciate it. Instead, he just nods and reaches for the acceptance letter again. “The baseball coach seems nice.”
Once he’s gotten their chains off, Gabriel leads them through his place, which seems like more of a funhouse than any kind of home. The lighting’s shit, but from what Dean can see, the rooms are full of stacks upon stacks of newspapers and old, mismatched furniture that probably haven’t been moved (or cleaned) in decades. The whole place smells of mothballs and mold, and Dean has to stop himself from covering his mouth and nose with his shirt as they’re given the grand tour.
Dean tilts his head back frustratedly and stares up at the roof of the dugout. “Christ, Cas, it’s an off day. I already told you. That’s it, so stop fucking babying me.”
Cas starts looking around for a plate when he hears a scraping of a spatula against foil, and turns back around to see that Dean is one step ahead of him, scooping the fries onto a plate. “That’s it,” he says once Dean the sheet is empty, and Dean nods before setting the plate on the counter and grabbing a couple of fries. He hands one to Cas, keeping the other for himself.
Heyerdahl waves at them, only his fingers wiggling. He’s wearing sunglasses, even in the dead of night, and a chill runs through Dean as he watches the reflections of the flames from the torches dance in the darkened lenses. He finally snaps himself out of it and turns as sharp as he can, flattening himself against the wall and out of sight.
He stares at Cas’ profile in the moonlight, all sad eyes and sharp angles. He watches the way Cas’ Adam's apple bobs as he swallows, and for a second, Dean’s overcome with the urge to reach over and hug him. To just pull him close and breathe him in and never let him go.
Dean grins, and all the nerves that Cas just saw evaporate almost instantly. "See ya," he says softly before slipping into his room.
it changed, but instead, he just rests his cheek against his hand and says, “Hmm. Well, I always like a challenge,” before winking at him from across the table. Cas can feel his cheeks burning, and although his first instinct is to avert his eyes, he narrows them in answer to his challenge instead.
Cas smiles, and Dean tries to hide the pang of disappointment at the fact that he’s retreated back to using his usual closed-mouthed smile. “I could say the same, Winchester.”
. He’s been flirting since before he could walk, but for some reason, Cas just fucks him up—and not, much to the bane of his goddamn existence, literally.
Ed flips her off, but Cas can tell that it’s affectionate. He wonders how often he and Harry have been coming to this store, if they know Dean. “We’re gonna go get donuts,” he says, tossing the hoodie back over the counter.
“What happened?” Anna asks, her face paler than usual. Her voice has taken on the too-high intonation it does when she’s panicked.
Anna gives him a soft smile, then walks over and rests a hand against his forearm. “Listen, what if I came to the next run with you? I’ll hang out with Sam, we can chat a little, and maybe things will be better. I’m sure it was just the two of you getting used to each other; it’ll be fine this time. When’s the next time you two are getting together?”
Twenty minutes later, and Cas has just finished recapping all the ways he thought he hated Dean; he spends the next twenty-four disproving each one, and the next thirty-two describing the Dean he didn’t think existed.
Castiel clears his throat, and goddamn if his eyes aren’t back on Dean again. “Sam and Dean had been hoping you could help us get out of those shackles, not to be subjected to my life story, Gabriel,” he says.
He can feel his stomach tense up with anxiety as the beginnings of claustrophobia start to set in, and for a second, he wonders why he even does this anymore. Sure, his optimism was high when he first started entering, but with every disappointed afternoon, his positive outlook got dimmer and dimmer. The odds of him getting picked over hundreds of other people are about the same as Katniss Everdeen’s sister’s were to participate in the Hunger Games, except somehow,
The ensuing silence hangs between them almost as limply as the rope does, and Castiel is suddenly slammed with a barrage of uncertain thoughts. Should he talk while they’re running, or just focus on not fucking up more than he already has? Does he only speak up if Dean’s about to run into something? Does he try to steer Dean away from obstacles, or just alert him to them? Is he moving the arm that’s holding the rope too much? Is he running too fast for Dean? Is Dean running too fast for
Beaming, she saunters over to him and drapes her arms around his neck. “You’ve got a little something there,” she says, running her thumb gently across his bottom lip before giving him a kiss.
The couch is ratty and there’s a wayward spring digging into his back, but it’s better than being on his feet, and Cas tries to make himself comfortable. No matter how hard he tries, though, the one thing that would make him feel relaxed and content is still missing.
He grabs his water cup and takes a long drink, nodding just a bit as he does so to give his brother an answer, even though he sure as shit isn’t.
going well, huh? Lovely.” Balthazar leans on his ticket-taking kiosk and gives him a cheeky grin. “When do I get to meet the man who’s stolen little Cassie’s heart?”
“Sir,” Cas says from the backseat, cutting Dean off. “I believe some of your folding money’s come unstowed.”
While Sam and Anna are discussing what they should pick up from Dunkin’ Donuts, Castiel hears Dean’s cane tapping against the polished wood floors, and even though he’s still annoyed at his actions from last time, Castiel can’t help but fall back on his thoughts that Dean is really, really ridiculously good-looking. He’s practically a real-life Zoolander.
It doesn’t take long for a redheaded woman with oversized headphones draped around her neck to come hurrying after him, slapping her leg while digging into her back pocket for a treat. “Ghüs! Ugh, Ghüs, leave them alone.” She holds out a peace offering, which Ghüs gladly snarfs down, before looking up at him and Cas and flashing them an apologetic smile. “Sorry, dudes,” she says. “Still working on manners here. Carry on.” With a quick Vulcan salute, she and Ghüs are gone.
“You can start putting them on the tray if you want,” he says. “It’s sitting on the stove, there’s some olive oil spread over it already.”
The black eyes and swollen jaw and dark bruises and makeshift splints, all accented by a sudden increase in Tylenol, gauze, and antibiotics in their medicine cabinet.
“Listen, man,” he says suddenly. “I’m really sorry about this. I never...I didn’t mean...shit, that must fuckin’ hurt, huh?”
Cas hasn’t even raised his hand to knock on Gabe’s front door when his brother whips it open. “Party’s hereeee!” he yelps in a singsong voice, grabbing Cas by the wrist and pulling him inside. Cas stumbles forward into his kitchen with its black-and-white tiles and novelty glass jars full of candy, and wonders, not for the first time, how his brother manages to pass as a functioning adult.
“Goddamn it,” he mutters, and for the first time, he’s not sure if the response is because he’s having dreams about Cas in general, or the fact that he doesn’t want them to end.
piece of eye candy. Cas can still recognize a ridiculously good-looking man when he sees one (even if said man
“Is there a meme for kissing?” Cas finally murmurs, his breath hot against Dean’s mouth. Dean huffs out a laugh, grinning down at Cas’ lips.
a kind of meat,” Dean mimics in a high-pitched voice, and Cas grins. He’s aboutto reach into the bag for something else when he feels his fingers brush Dean’s, and this time, he’s the one who acts like he’s been scalded.
, remember?” He pauses, and his eyes go wide. “Shit. Maybe you don’t remember.” He peers at Cas, his bright green eyes narrowing in concentration before holding up three fingers. “How many?”
“You could finish listening to it, if you want,” Cas says. “I can wait. Get things ready in the kitchen and everyt--”
Fingers trembling, Cas flips through the magazine until he gets to a spread of even more photos of him and Dean. The article is a complete fluff piece full of nothing but theories and introspections, but it still makes him feel nauseous.
wants them to be true, but as he watches the way Cas watches him lick his lips nervously, he thinks he has a pretty good idea of what the guy’s answer would be.
Cas swallows hard, a lifetime of report card comments of him being too quiet and snide remarks for him to speak up flooding back into his head. He doesn’t like drawing attention to himself, and if anyone’s comments on his voice are to be considered, he
He keeps his head down, fingers laced together behind his head so that his elbows are jutting out for some extra protection, while Sam leans back against the hay, feigning sleep.
“Did you...” Dean trails off, looking helplessly over at Sam, who’s still save for a disbelieving blink. “Was that—”
“State of Kansas versus Sam Winchester, Dean Winchester, and Castiel Novak,” Judge Turner reads boredly, tapping his papers on his desk. “Tried together due to…”
Dean chuckles. “Don’t worry about it. Kind of impossible to avoid running into everyone around here, huh?”
Lisa spends the night mingling with the thirty some-odd men, laughing at jokes, swooning over biceps, assuaging fears. With the help of a handful of PAs and production interns, she manages to keep everyone’s names straight, and soon enough, everyone’s on their fifth or sixth drink, and the sun is beginning to rise on the mansion.
“You boys have been busy, haven’t you?” she asks, arms wrapped around Sam’s waist. Dean closes the gap between them and hugs Jessica hard, kissing the top of her head. She laughs under his embrace, patting him on the back until he lets her go.
’s first openly bisexual contestant. He’s been all Twitter and gossip outlets have been able to talk about for weeks now, and finally having a face to match to the name is almost surreal.
The article is scheduled to post tomorrow. It’s the first time he’s been allowed to write something other than arthouse movie reviews and recaps of community service events, so he wants to make sure this piece shines. His sister Anna had even let him tag along on one of her calls related to the Colt, giving him the chance to snap some photos that came out surprisingly well despite the time of night and elusive subject.
“And here we’ve got the sitting room,” Gabriel says. He reaches for an oil lantern that’s balanced on a stack of newspapers and Dean’s gotta fight the urge to cringe when he lights it and sets it back down, practically setting himself up for the whole stack to go up in flames. If he’d thought that was bad, though, it’s nothing compared to what Dean comes eye-to-eye with once the room is flooded with light.
, Castiel tells himself, breathing steadily through his mouth, careful to not let any air sneak in through his nose as he reaches above his head to grip one of the bars to keep his balance.
“No one else knows about this,” he says, “and I intend to keep it that way. I’m not going to set myself up to become a laughingstock when whatever game he’s playing inevitably comes to light.”
, and I wouldn’t be asking if I had the resources, but we’re still working through some budget cuts and--”
Dean rolls his eyes. He knows Sam's right, that what he's saying doesn't make any sense, but admitting so would be a defeat, and he's not interested in that in the slightest. “That doesn't matter; I’m talking to
Looking almost as surprised at his sass as Cas feels, Dean opens his mouth to reply, but before he can, their waitress appears at their sides, setting plates of steaming hot food in front of them. Dean glances down at his burger, then up at Cas.
that!” Dean gestures helplessly at the screen, looking between it and Cas as Ruby and Dick tumble onto the bed and start making out for the third time that evening.
When Sam doesn’t answer, Dean’s back to being stuck with nothing but Novak’s clipped tone and brooding blue eyes. He tries again. “We could’ve been well on our way to Topeka if—”
“Come on, what’s he like?” Cas gapes at her, unsure of what to say next, and she rolls her eyes. “He’s gotta be different than he seemed on TV; there’s no
!” He’d been an idiot, taking a step forward to talk to Cas, and the schmuck on the sorry excuse for a porch rewards him with another round of warning shots that bursts around them.
Dean hands him the flyer and gives him a minute to read it over before flashing a grin. “Well, who are we to deny the world of our ridiculous talents?”
Cas rolls his eyes, but hands Dean his phone and takes a few steps closer to the umbrellas. “There isn’t a pose I have to do, is there?” he asks, thinking of the countless cringe-worthy Instagram posts he’s seen of people trying to hold up the Leaning Tower of Pisa or balancing the Washington Monument on their palm.
Dean grins and props himself up on his elbows, craning his neck and catching Lisa’s lips in a kiss. They’re oblivious to the class continuing around them, and don’t separate until the other yogis have started rolling up their mats and leaving the studio.
“So, Novak,” Dean starts. He takes care to keep his tone casual as he slashes his way past overreaching branches lining the road with a thin branch he’d found about a half-mile back. “You ever gonna tell us?”
“I, uh.” Dean takes a few more steps forward and starts rapping his knuckles absently on the top of the case, pretending to decide between a black-and-white cookie or a red velvet cupcake, but really trying to figure out the best way to tell this girl that he’s actually looking for the cute blue-eyed guy with a bad case of bedhead and rusty people skills. “I guess I’ll have--”
“Nothing wrong with two showers,” he says, and with that, he stands, leaving his cane propped against the bedside table and ghosting his hand along the wall, the chair, Cas’ overstuffed bookcase, before arriving at the bathroom door across from the bed. The door shuts behind him with a click, and Cas smiles to himself as he leans back against his pillow. Dean’s becoming familiar with his apartment now, familiar enough that he barely ever needs his cane to get around. Dean was in his bed last night, and for the past few nights. Dean’s in his shower right now, and later on--
“Him springing this whole thing on you,” Castiel says. “When I came to your house that day, I thought you had requested it, that you wanted to do this. And, don’t tell Sam this, but I think it could’ve been handled better.”
,” he mutters, struggling to right himself as Sam picks up the pace at the sight of a cargo car with its door open. Novak glances back over his shoulder at him and Dean glares. “Keep going!” he yells, waving with his hands full of chains.
Cas contemplates what to say next. “I know that everyone handles these things differently, but if you ever need someone to talk to, I’m here, okay? And if you’re not up to something, I need you to be honest with me. Please. I want to know how you’re doing, Dean.”
Finally, he can’t take it anymore and gets to his feet with a groan, a handful of stray flowers fluttering to the floor as he stands. “Want me to go see if it's ready?”
They all must look like that, now that Dean thinks about it. Matted hair, smoke-smudged skin, walking, talking messes on the side of the road, all three of ‘em. He reaches for one of the car’s side mirrors and tilts it over toward himself.
Cas’ job, on the other hand, had remained relatively steady. His office shifted to entirely remote work, and while the change did create some added stressors, Dean had found...unique ways to ease Cas’ nerves.
It should go by quickly, and if he needs to, he can duck into the bathroom or feign sickness to get out of large chunks of the afternoon.
Cas scans the menu once more and orders the first thing his eyes land on for more than a second. "Mac and cheese. And a Diet Coke, please."
Another text arrives immediately afterwards, this one a photo of the magazine cover with someone—Dean, presumably—giving a thumbs up next to it. Cas rolls his eyes and types out a response.
Dean’s silent at that, and Crowley smiles, a gross, slimy grimace that’s got Dean throttling him six ways from Sunday in his head. “Nothing personal, of course.”
The Roadhouse erupts in cheers, and Dean splutters out his remaining beer when Sam smacks him hard on the back. He coughs, pounding a fist to his sternum as he tries to clear his throat, and stares at Lisa with an awestruck admiration even the alcohol can’t hide.
Cas is still half-asleep as he and Dean stand in line at the edge of the Common, bouncing up and down on the balls of his feet in the chilly Boston morning. The stream of shuttle buses has been pretty consistent, but he and Dean have been waiting for well over an hour, and Cas is looking forward to a break from the cold, no matter how small it might be.
Cas grins down at the book in his lap, then looks up at Dean. “You could’ve brought the book, you know.”
Cas furrows his brow. “Yes, I told you I—oh.” He can feel the color drain away from his cheeks as he realizes that Dean couldn’t see his nod, and therefore didn’t know if he found the olive oil or not. Dean bursts out laughing.
Sure enough, she sends him a GIF from that stupid comedy sketch about being on boats, and Cas locks his phone defeatedly. He leans his head against the glass of the window, trying to tune out his brothers yelling along to fucking “Tubthumping,” because things just can’t get any worse.
Sam rubs his hand against the back of his neck, leaning with one hand against the door frame in an attempt to look casual. "Why don't you just come in."
“Expecting to have to prop some doors open?” he asks, nodding down at the dog-earned, tabbed copy of
Dean waits until Garth’s not looking to roll his eyes, trying not to blink or sneeze as the guy starts tapping the sponge against his cheekbone. He’s always liked to think of himself as a good-looking dude, but he may as well be goddamn Jabba the Hut with the amount of time Garth’s spent on him for what’ll amount to a three-minute spot.
Dean shifts as a spark sets itself alight in his chest, and he takes a breath, willing himself not to blow whatever progress he’s made with Cas tonight. “You don’t have to lie, Cas,” he says. Cas’ head shoots up and he looks at Dean with an odd mix of confusion and panic. Dean grins. “It’s because I’m just such a joy to be around, ain’t it?”
episodes for a reason. It hadn’t taken long for Dean to figure out Cas’ biggest turn-ons, and if Cas is being honest, he thinks he did a pretty good job keeping Dean on his toes, as well.
Dean wonders if maybe he should get Sam to enter, instead, then he’d win and Dean could volunteer to take his place.
Dean doesn’t even try to hide it; he laughs out loud in disbelief. “From a fucking TV show? You think you know me from two hours a week for three months?”
“No.” Dean’s response is so deadpan Cas does a double-take, and Dean waves him away. “Just stand there and look good, dude. You’re good at that.”
of Dean’s name in Novak’s mouth is sweeter than honey; sweeter still is the realization that he hadn’t said it disparagingly—rather, he’d defended him. And, well, the last thing Dean’d expected from this morning was for Novak to make his debut as a knight in shining armor, but he’ll take it. He chuckles before snatching the biscuit out of Sam’s hand and taking the bite he’d been trying for earlier.
“Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, do your thing. I’ll just…” Dean trails off as he starts walking backwards out of the bakery. “I’ll see you later.”
He can’t believe this. He can’t believe he got roped into going on a date with Dean fucking Winchester. He can’t believe he got caught
After the stupid fucking afternoon he’s had, the last thing Dean wants to deal with is talking to, well, anyone, but the second he steps foot in the apartment after work, it’s clear that Sam’s got other plans.
“You should be ashamed of how ancient that reference is,” Castiel says, and Dean chuckles. “But it’s blue,” he continues slowly, racking his brain for adjectives on how to describe the particular hues of blue and white and pink that are streaked across the sky, but then remembering that Dean actually does have memories to compare colors to, so he won’t be completely lost. “Like the color people use for baby showers when they’re expecting a boy. There are some clouds--one in particular is hiding half of the sun, but I think it’ll leave soon. They’re white all over, no signs of rain.” He peeks back down quickly to make sure that Dean’s not going to run into anything else, then continues. “There’s a little bit of the sunrise left, so there’s some pink, too. It’s nice. The colors aren’t too bright; they look a little bit like watered-down paint. Calming. It’s…” Castiel’s voice trails off as the implications of what he’s doing suddenly hit him. He feels guilty, like he’s bragging, telling Dean about something he can’t see. “I’m sorry.”
?” Dean snaps. He palms around for his cane before grabbing it and gripping it tightly in his hands, and Cas stays still. “I’m the weak one, and I tipped those assholes off with this piece of shit.” He takes the cane in one hand and hurls it across the apartment; Cas winces when he hears it clatter against a table lamp. “They would’ve kept going if I could see,” Dean says, defeat in his voice, painted across his face. “They would’ve left us alone. You got hurt because of me.”
Dean can hear the man’s boots crunching the dirt and gravel as he gets closer. He licks his lips, his breath coming quick, but he doesn’t dare take his eyes off this looney-toon, no way, not now. He can’t watch Cas get shot, won’t let him—
He flops back down onto the bed and rolls over onto his back, an arm draped dramatically over his eyes. “God
“Excuse me,” he says breathlessly, “I’m really sorry, but I was wondering if you guys could give me directions?”
Scumbag Steve in quick succession. Shit, Dean hasn’t heard of some of these in years, and he’s simultaneously impressed and terrified by how deep his kids’ online knowledge goes.
Alistair looks down at Winchester’s unconscious form and wipes the hilt of his knife against his shirt, as if it had been contaminated just by touching him.
They continue their run, Dean cheering every time they successfully maneuver around another turn, and Cas wonders if Dean feels the same way he does--exhausted, sure, but just having Dean running along next to him makes him feel like he could run an extra mile or two as fast as he can.
It’s nothing he can cash in on, which his parents aren’t thrilled about, but Cas doesn’t care. He can make ends meet with his day job, and everybody needs something to look forward to after their nine-to-five. He refuses to admit it unless he’s under the influence of copious amounts of alcohol, but Cas really can’t imagine his life without the friendships and memories made by this stupid show.
As much as he hates to admit it, a tiny blip of hope that there’s some kind of conflict sparks in his chest as he asks, “Oh. Will it not work? I’m sorry, I can—”
“Mhmm.” He doesn’t look at Cas when he says it, instead focusing on Winchester, a predatory look in his eyes that makes Cas’ stomach twist. Cas picks up the pace and leaves before he can think too much about it.
“‘Course,” he says. “Snacks it is.” He grabs his jacket and the keys to the Impala and heads for the door.
Cas had been expecting himself to be a complete awkward trainwreck around Dean Winchester, but it’s actually the opposite. He’s surprised at how easily conversation comes, and the genuine interest that Dean seems to take in what he thought was a relatively unremarkable life.
The creaking of the handlebar in the middle of the car gets louder as she approaches, and Dean watches the way she pumps the thing up and down in long, fluid motions. Her frame is slight, but she’s strong, and the car moves smoothly along the tracks. She’s practically right on top of them now, but still hasn’t reacted to them in any way, not even when Sam had started waving her down like a madman.
Dean scrambles awake, tangling himself in the sticks and other brush of the forest floor. His eyes dart around wildly, searching for Cas, for Heyerdahl, for a pistol, for
Cas isn’t sure who the younger boy in the photo is, but he immediately recognizes the one with the sandy blonde hair as a tiny Dean--he’d know that crooked smile and dusting of freckles anywhere. He looks so
“So,” Lisa says once all the introductions are made, “what do you guys like to do for fun around here?”
made up something like that about his eldest son was because the opportunity hadn’t presented itself yet.
“Luck of the draw,” Sam says through a mouthful of whatever meat’s currently on the table in front of them. “It had just been my brother’n me for a while, then seven or so months ago—”
Cas leans in closer, breath ghosting over Dean’s lips as he presses Dean’s hands down on either side of his head. Dean cranes his neck up to meet him, and he closes his eyes at the veritable fireworks show kicking off low in his chest at Cas’ lips against his, Cas’ tongue warm in his mouth, Cas’ grip tightening on his hands, Cas’ dick pressing against him—all of it rolled into one.
The little butterfly’s first, up in the right-hand corner of the page. Dean doesn’t have any colors handy, but even if he did, the wings wouldn’t be yellow; he’d change ‘em to a deep, not-subtle-at-all blue.
Dean sighs before flashing Cas his trademark easy smile that clearly doesn’t come so easy this time. “‘S fine,” he says.
Cas looks at Dean skeptically. "This is dead?" he asks, nodding toward the tiny diner that's packed with people, the only spots open being a few scattered stools at the counter.
Charlie’s eyes widen slightly, and her cheeks turn red, a few shades lighter than her hair. “Jeez, I’m sorry,” she says. “D’you need any help with anything? I honestly didn’t even see you come in.”
That’s the exact thought that’s been getting him through the last few days, but Cas decides to keep that fact to himself. Instead, he presses a kiss to the top of Oliver’s head and strokes his fingers through the soft fur between his ears.
Cas can tell Gabe tries to hide it, but he still catches his brother’s urgent slashing motion across his throat, silently pleading with Balthazar to play up a different angle of what’s surely in the top five worst ideas he’s ever had.
“Dean and Cas meet, and don’t get along at first.” Dean chuckles, then moves to the next panel. “They run together, and start learning about each other.”
He’s got it all planned out, but his mind goes blank when he returns to an empty table. Cas is nowhere to be seen. His beer is still sitting on the table, undisturbed, and the seed of anxiety buried deep in Dean’s chest starts to grow as his mind kicks back up again. He scans the room quickly, trying to find his messy-haired angel somewhere in the crowded din of the saloon, but there’s nothing.
“So, what kind of stuff you got picked out for Sammy and Jess?” he asks once he’s finished the last of the cannoli, reaching for the folder and flipping it open. He’s greeted with a wide array of lists of cakes, cupcakes, and cookies, each with mouthwatering pictures to go along with them. Lemon cream, chocolate trifle, vanilla with raspberry filling--it all sounds like the makings for a perfect afternoon food coma, and Dean can’t wait to get started. “Jesus, these look good,” he says, more to himself than Castiel. “Glad I don’t have to choose.”
. He hasn’t even seen the guy since that night at the hot tub, but on a ship teeming with distractions, the man and his ridiculous perfection won’t leave Cas’ mind.
“Good.” They both reach for the tray to pop it into the oven, but when Cas feels Dean’s hands, he pulls his own back quickly, rubbing the back of his neck. “Uh, the oven is preheated, so it’s ready to go.”
“‘s all right,” Dean says, and Cas isn’t sure if he’s imagining it, but for a split second, he’s sure that Dean has shuffled a few steps to the side, closer to him, and his face goes hot.
By the time they arrive at a small, quiet beach, Cas is hot, probably sunburned, and even more confused than when he’d left the ship. Dean had spent the entire walk going on about food and shops and...well, actually, mostly food. His posture and tone were calm and easy, like he’d been talking with a friend the entire time.
When he sees that, Dean’s face softens and he squeezes her shoulder once more before heading back to their table. Cas stares at him, is straight gawking at this point, but he doesn’t care.
Once the last colon’s in place, Dean drops his pen with a sigh and a goal to start giving Cas some flirtations to react to.
Dean knocks his knuckles on the counter a few times before smiling awkwardly. “So, uh, yeah, I’ll just...see you there.”
Dean sucks in a long breath through his nose before slowly straightening himself, wincing as he stretches his side. Without responding to Castiel’s apology, Dean resumes a slow jog, and Castiel quickly falls into step with him.
Cas doesn’t respond. Instead, he gets to his feet and walks over to Dean, approaching him as if he were a wild animal. He reaches out a hand hesitantly; Dean’s eyes follow his fingers as they trace a fading cut along his hairline that obviously hadn’t been properly cleaned.
Cas’ cheeks are on fire, and he lays down, too, and smiles up at the sky. “I think I did, too,” he says softly. He turns toward Dean and studies him, his perfect jaw and patches of freckles and laughter lines, for a few seconds before saying, “What else do you miss?”
They stay like this for a few minutes, planting playful little kisses on each other every so often, and Cas wishes he could do this every day, that they could work it into their training regimen somehow. Wake up, shower, eat breakfast, run, kiss for a while, stretch, have dinner, make out some more--
Dean grins at him, his tongue just barely poking out suggestively between his teeth. “He reminds me of you.”
, for Christ’s sake! We’ll know everything about each other by the time this is over, so why can’t we s—”
“Shouldn’t I be the one asking you that question?” Chuck grins mischievously, and Dean unconsciously taps his pocket with the ring again.
He’s got a creative writing degree, he could spin a fucking yarn about the evening. Yeah. He could do this. The more Cas thinks about it, the more he warms to the idea.
His ears are ringing as he slowly props himself up on his elbows, wincing at the pounding in his head. He squints up into the sunlight to see Sam holding Cas back, his arms looped through Cas’. Cas isn’t even struggling, just staring at Dean, chest heaving.
marquee, and the even more familiar mass of people crammed outside the theatre. He takes a deep breath--there are some days where he’s more prepared to handle the crowds and excitement than others, and today is one of those less-than-prepared days--and makes a beeline for the person in charge of the lottery.
Cas really has to work on his poker face, because it’s clear that Dean can tell he isn’t impressed. In response, Dean flashes a crooked smile at him before pointing up. “Look.”
Once Cas moves his car, avoids the attempts of a different group of RAs to get him to attend a freshman orientation activity, and collapses onto his unmade bed, he finally takes a look around. Room 318 is unremarkable as far as dorm rooms go--bed, desk, chair, and dresser, but what really catches Cas’ attention is his roommate’s side.
Novak may very well have had the bulk of Dean’s attention since he’d arrived, but that doesn’t mean Dean hadn’t picked up on the quirks and eccentricities of the other men around him as well, which is exactly how he settled on Ketch to be the one to help them out of this hellhole. He’s perfect: someone with a short temper, who wouldn’t waste time on stupid things like logistics or believability after hearing that someone had supposedly dragged his name through the mud...which is exactly what Sam’s going to tell him happened.
“Great!” She bounces off her desk and envelops Castiel in a quick hug, ending the hug almost as quickly as it began. "I've got all of his contact information here, let me get it for you..." She starts rummaging around through the sea of papers on her desk. Castiel studies her as she grabs a file folder and holds it up triumphantly.
Dean had meant for it to sound excited, but it came out as more of a question, and no amount of editing could disguise the way his head snapped back questioningly toward the producers, as if he was really asking if he should know them. He flashes Lisa a confident smile and they snake their way through to the middle of the crowd and start dancing slowly together. The band croons about love at first sight while the audience members record everything and snap photos destined for social media, and Dean tucks a strand of Lisa’s hair behind her ear.
Chuck barely gives the men ten seconds to get their bearings before blaring a loud air horn, and the race begins.
Charlie’s back in the studio a moment later, hands on her hips while she waits for the three of them to calm down.
The runners in front of them startle like a couple of pigeons and immediately veer off to the side. Cas calls out a hurried thank you, and he hears Dean laugh.
about it, and the fact that apparently his feelings are blatantly clear to Sam and Jess is just another shot to his ego.
Cas opens his mouth to argue, but Dean’s shit-eating grin tells him that’s exactly what Dean had wanted.
“Good taste,” he says with a grin. He scribbles a note down in his pad and hurries off. He’s not gone for more than three seconds when Balthazar, eyes gleaming with curiosity, pounces on his newest theory.
He tops the whole thing off with a wink, and instead of handing him his axe, Heyerdahl pulls it back, considering Dean for a second, before moving fast and driving the butt of the thing hard into Dean’s gut in one fluid motion. Dean doubles over with a gasp, immediately chastising himself for that stupid fucking idea as his arms curl protectively around his middle. He ignores the way Sam startles at the violence—makes sense; Dean’d spent most of both their childhoods shielding Sam from seeing and experiencing shit like this as much as possible—and Novak, god love him, takes what Dean has decided is a concerned step closer.
Lisa laughs at their myriad reactions, and gestures behind her toward the course, which spans the entirety of the field. “We’ve put together a course worthy of the truest of husbands, where you’ll have to complete some common household tasks. Sounds easy, right?”
He had been careful to position Dean as close as possible to his cane, and Dean’s fingers reach out, searching until they brush against the white cane, when they maneuver to the top and wrap themselves around its black grip. Dean lets go of the rope but doesn’t walk ahead of Castiel as they make their way up the path and to the steps. As he ascends them, Castiel thinks he can see Dean mouthing the numbers--
Dean smacks Cas’ shoulder. “Don’t ruin my moment. I like it enough for both of us. You have a tape recorder?” he mumbles as he kisses up and down Cas’ neck.
Dean raises his eyebrows, holds his hands up placatingly as Cas passes. Sam’s looking just as stunned as Dean feels, and the two of them watch as Cas continues forward without looking back.
Cas can feel his cheeks burning with embarrassment, and silently curses Dean Winchester in his mind. “No,” he says again, more firmly this time, and his friends erupt into groans around him.
gesture that just makes Billie flip him off. He smirks, and Hannah waves her hand in between the two of them.
“Bon appetit, motherfuckers,” he mutters to himself, bringing the tips of his fingers together against his lips before blowing a chef’s kiss. The pasta’s next; he grabs that and dumps the entire box into the water, then spins on his heel to grab the garlic bread—
Benny chuckles, taking a sip of his beer as he regards Dean. “I’m just sayin’, brother. It’s about time you put yourself back out there, don’t you think?”
"He'll come out when he's ready," Sam says. "He's actually been handling it all really well since everything happened, everyone thinks so, but sometimes it just…hits him all over again, you know?"
. Dean parts his lips and is just about to close his eyes, letting himself melt into the wet heat of Cas’ whiskey-soaked breath, when he hears his own voice. Not talking, but singing.
“Castiel fuckin’ Novak,” he breathes, opening his arms and pressing a kiss to the crown of Cas’ head as he crawls into his embrace. Cas smiles back up at him, and Dean takes a second to admire him up close: the crinkles around his eyes, the sharp lines of his face, the strength of his arms. Mostly though, mostly it’s the warmth in his eyes, warmth that’s crystal clear to Dean even in the middle of the night, that has him looking down at the man in wonder.
“Trust me, Sammy.” He gets to his feet, brushing the dirt off his pants before lending a hand to Sam. “Wherever he is, Cas wants to be found. And we’re getting him back.”
“Okay, okay, you get the idea,” he finally says, dropping the chalk back onto its tray and wiping his hand on his pants. “Memes are funny, they’re stupid, they make points, and most of all, they’re proof that art doesn’t need to be pretty to mean something. So use that, huh? Go with your gut on these, have fun, make it your own. You’ve got the rest of class to get started. Final drafts are due at the end of the week.”
“Your favorite, Winchester,” Henriksen says with a chuckle. Dean’s eyes flick down at the mess in front of him, then back up at Henriksen before using his middle finger to wipe off a stray bit of food from where they’d splashed up onto his cheek.
"You're very strong, Sam," Cas says suddenly, and Sam looks up. His shaggy hair is obscuring his eyes a little, but Cas can still tell that he looks surprised. "I don't know many people who would be able to adapt to something like this, to have their whole lives upended and still give everything to take care of their family. Dean is lucky to have a brother like you to be there for him."
Another guy, sitting on the bench and chewing way too much gum, laughs. “Yeah, because you’ve got nerves of steel, Garth. Need I remind you about spring training last year?”
Cas pulls off his headphones and drapes them around his neck, then readjusts in his chair to tuck his legs underneath himself, chin in his hand. “Maybe that she didn’t want some fake jerkoff as a husband.”
Cas shakes his head. “You don’t need me; you can handle all of that perfectly well yourself. Balthazar included.”
His cheeks are going red, he’s sure of it, but Cas tries to play it off. “It’s a free country,” he says, and Billie laughs.
Cas thinks he’s doing a good job of playing it cool, but Dean’s slightly tilted head and bemused smirk say otherwise. “You, uh, like that idea?”
Gabe stares at him, then throws his hands in the air. “‘From what?’” he mimics, rolling his eyes. “Everything. If you’re not eating, sleeping, or shitting, you’re working.”
Most of the bullets miss, but it all only eggs their assailants on; they speed up, and Dean hits the gas without needing to be told. The junker of a car can only go so fast, though, and the car behind them is gaining.
Keeping his eyes down, Cas reaches for the slip of paper, but Dean slaps his hand over it, dragging it towards him before Cas can even touch it. Cas glares at him. “Come on, don’t do this.”
Dean freezes, and his brow furrows before he lifts a foot gingerly. “Jesus, I didn’t step in dog shit again, did I?”
. He rolls over onto his side to further try and avoid gawking at Dean and feels the corner of something dig into his ribs.
The bar erupts in folks cheering and applauding, and when Dean turns to look at Cas again, it’s like he’s looking into sunshine personified. Not the sun, though—not the sun, because Dean can’t imagine looking away. The way Cas’ eyes crinkle at the corners as he laughs, that gummy smile of his back in full force.
Dean grins and leans back in his chair smugly. “I’ve already had free bee-scotti and probably the greatest goddamn cannoli ever known to mankind, no thanks to you.” He nods toward Castiel, who’s watching the three of them patiently, waiting for his chance to speak.
!” a girl in white shorts and a forest green T-shirt emblazoned with a white W says excitedly as she wraps him into a hug that takes Cas completely off-guard. He stiffens in her embrace, praying that she’ll let him go soon; when she finally does, he notices that three more girls and two guys are swarming his car, hoisting his laundry baskets over their shoulders and loading his snacks and books onto a cart.
Sam chuckles. “Dean’ll do that to you,” he says, getting to his feet and clapping Cas on the back, pointedly ignoring the middle finger Dean shoots his way. “I’m starving. Gonna go check on the poles.”
They sample all the food Fenway has to offer, cheer and boo along with the crowd, and as the night goes on, Cas finds himself laughing more easily, smiling more readily, and just feeling better. He can joke with Dean, and Dean can joke with him, something Cas has never really felt comfortable doing with anyone until now.
Cas gasps, scandalized. “Are you saying you didn’t become a regular listener after your appearance?” he asks, pressing a hand to his heart.
“I…” Dean’s voice trails off when he feels the raised dots on the thin, glossy comic-book-style paper, specially ordered by Charlie shortly after Cas had visited her at Hub. Everything they had worked on for the past few weeks is in Dean’s hands now, and as Dean’s fingers trace over the braille, Cas knows he did a good job.
. Dean taps the screen twice, and the book he was listening to pauses. “Hey,” Dean says, flashing Cas another one of his patented crooked smiles.
He returns it without hesitation, tangling his fingers in her hair as he leans her back to deepen the kiss, and they stay that way, lost in the moment, until Jo throws a handful of peanuts their way.
The rest of the night goes well enough. Dean manages to coax Cas back to the fire, and the three of them trade stories before heading to bed. Dean’s exhausted, and by some miracle, he manages to fall asleep before Sam’s bear-snores take over the night.
that he wants to say yes, but he’s still a bundle of nerves nevertheless, and will be until an affirmation comes out of Cas’ mouth.
Cas had been planning on laying low on Saturday. Chuck had given them a rare day off after their victory, and despite Gabriel’s constant pestering that he should get out more, Cas’ plans had included nothing but catching up on homework, maybe reading for a while on the quad, and getting to bed early.
Anna sighs. She’s pinching the bridge of her nose exasperatedly now, he can tell. “This one isn’t just about me,” she says. “I need you to help somebody else.”
The last date had been a group one, and only three men hadn’t been invited: Dean, Alastair, and Kevin. The only date left for the week is a one-on-one, meaning that two unlucky bastards would only have a few minutes at tomorrow night’s cocktail party to try and convince Lisa they’re worth keeping around.
His fumble is short-lived; he recovers quickly with a smooth, “I’m not the only one,” and follows her into the room, where the class is already in progress. He has to hide how his jaw almost drops open at the superhuman contortionist movements everyone is so casually pulling off around them, but Lisa doesn’t seem to be phased, so he tries not to be, either.
Cas has to drop to his knees to box in the next pitch to prevent the ball from hitting the backstop.
Adjusting the shirt and suspenders as he walks back down the hall to the sitting room, Dean ignores the way Sam whistles when they pass each other in the hall, and calls out, “You rob a Newman’s for these, Bobby? Sure are nice.”
“Gentlemen,” Charlie says, drumming her palms on the table and grinning widely at them as she does her best impression of Chuck Shurley’s iconic last words to eliminated contestants, “take a moment, say your goodbyes.”
Dean still wants to be careful, he’s still cautious with PDA and keeping Cas safe, but he’s allowing this one small act, and Cas couldn’t appreciate it more.
you, Dean,” Cas says, watching Dean poke a fork hesitantly at a small salad Cas had put together. An hour--and ten different failed recipe suggestions later--Cas has finally convinced Dean to try a kale salad with chicken, chopped apples, and almonds. Dean had scrutinized the dish like a suspicious toddler, his eyes narrow and distrusting, before Cas had finally convinced him to take a bite.
He blinks like Dean’s just shaken him out of a dream, which, Dean knows from experience, he very well could’ve. That’s the thing about Cas. The guy’s not just stunning, but he’s also a little weird, stilted and awkward and overly earnest.
After a drive soundtracked by laughter and conversation and (most notably) Dean’s classic rock collection, Dean flicks on the Impala’s turn signal as they approach a dilapidated bar called the Roadhouse. The place has clearly seen better days and is in desperate need of a renovation, but Dean’s all reverent affection as he pulls into its dirt and gravel parking lot.
Dean coughs, just loud and fake-sounding enough for Cas to recognize it for what it is. “So, yeah,” he says, clearing his throat. “That’s why I’m steering clear of the Max that day.”
Dean’s mouth quirks up in a little half-smile, and he shakes his head slowly. Cas finds himself zeroing in on Dean’s mouth, imagining what those lips would feel like pressed against his own, his neck, his chest, everywhere.
Dean scoffs, fumbling for the right words as he gestures vaguely at him. “Looking like that. All dapper and fancy,” he says, but only because
Dean pulls away from her embrace with a humorless chuckle as he looks up at the ceiling. He’s not crying on national TV, he’s fucking
Now it’s Cas’ turn to roll his eyes. Ever since Boston was thrown into lockdown and the search for a new teaching gig that Dean had started just a few weeks prior was brought to a screeching halt, he’s had an abundance of free time. Their apartment’s cleaner than it’s ever been, with their books, movies, and records going through multiple rounds of organization until Dean had settled on an acceptable methodology for all three. He’d worked through dozens of new recipes, offering Cas everything from cinnamon apple cronuts to steak with a red wine marinade.
The warmth in Cas’ chest at Dean’s words is quickly rushing up through the rest of his body, sending tiny jolts of electricity through him, and Cas closes his eyes for a second, a content little smile playing on his lips. “Thank you, Dean,” he finally says. “I like running with you, too.” He glances up quickly, scanning the area in front of them, then adds, “Left turn in four, three, two…”
) is somehow in even worse shape than the house. It’s a place to lay their heads though, and Dean’s learned his lesson about looking a gift horse in the mouth.
Another notification comes through quickly after that, this one saying that Dean Winchester liked a photo he was tagged in. And before Cas can think about it for another second, he clicks over to Dean’s profile. He doubts he’ll be able to find anything related to that drawing, but maybe he’d at least be able to learn a bit more about the fabled Winchester family.
Cas nods. “I thought I saw her working on something odd after she’d finished her test the other day.”
“Thanks.” His rough, throaty voice makes Cas’ cock twinge, and he tilts his head back and lets out a long, shuddering breath. Dean notices—quickly, Cas might add—and turns his attention back to Cas’ neck, dropping quick kisses and bites that make Cas suck in a breath through his teeth.
He’s certain that if Dean’s identity is found out, he’ll be arrested at the very least. Not to mention how easy it’ll be for criminals who have crossed paths with the Colt to find out information on Dean--where he lives, where he works, his family and friends--and exact some revenge of their own.
Dean beams and holds out his hand. “Hell yeah, I do.” Cas smiles and hands Dean the bottle, watching as Dean’s fingers travel up its neck to make sure that it’s still open, then as he runs his free hand along the countertop until he figures out where the tray is. He drizzles some more oil over the fries for a few seconds before taking a step back, then nodding, satisfied. “Perfect.”
Which leaves Dean, sitting alone at a too-small table in a too-cramped, too-hipster cafe, waiting too long to find out if that guy’s cheek pat was the real deal or just for show.
Dean isn’t sure he wouldn’t have been one of them if he’d heard the broadcast, but he decides to keep that (and the pang of disappointment that he’d missed it in the first place) to himself. “Not you, though,” he says instead.
He wishes he’d said it aloud, but there’s still not enough drink in his system for that; not even close. Instead, he claps Cas on the back and drops back into his seat as the crowd starts to wander back to whatever had been previously holding their interests.
Dean laughs bitterly, one hand on his hip and the other tangled in his hair as he looks up at the sky in frustration. “You
The bell above the door tinkles as Dean presses his back up against the door and heads toward the Impala. He keeps his head down, focused on the sidewalk and road as he walks, but he’s smiling at the asphalt the entire time.
“They’re expecting you tomorrow night, around eight,” she says, taking a few steps forward and handing him a couple more papers before clasping his hands firmly in her own. “All of their information is in here.” She smiles at him. “Thank you, Castiel. Really.”
Dean stretches out his limbs as much as he can with Cas's head still resting on his lap. “Sleep. Duh.” He looks down at Cas and narrows his eyes. “That work?”
“You sure you never mentioned anything?” Sam asks as they sit down for a few moments of peace and scant breakfast foods. “Not even in passing? Nothing hypothetical?”
Cas nods, feeling like he should apologize, but before he can, she saunters behind the counter, and all of a sudden, a giant bell clangs, and Cas jumps.
Dean shakes his head and jerks his batbag away from Cas. “I’ll see you later,” he says, heading back toward campus without a second glance, leaving Cas standing in the dugout.
They’re both sitting on that stupid fake marble bench that’s too small for two grown men to share, and Cas is taking special care not to let his body touch Dean’s. Dean’s got other ideas, though, knocking their knees together with casual ease. He’s talking about something, but Cas can’t register anything other than the fact that Dean’s
Cas glances down at the camera in his hands, feeling like he had temporarily forgotten it was there, and holds it up. Aiden’s mom herds him in front of them, muttering promises of ice cream if he stays still for this one picture, and Cas smiles to himself. He studies the family through the viewfinder, making sure their faces are all in focus and that there are no rogue joggers or dog-walkers making cameo appearances in the background. As he snaps the first picture, he finds himself wondering if this will be him and Dean someday. He knows they’ve only known each other for a few months, and been dating for even less, but his mind can’t help but imagine the two of them together, taking turns holding a tiny baby in their arms, a baby who will eventually love running and
He glances at the alarm clock and squeezes his eyes shut. 4:32am, and Dean is just now coming home. How often has he been doing this? Cas keeps his eyes closed as he wonders what kind of injuries Dean will be sporting the next morning, whether or not he’ll have to go to the hospital again, like he had for a broken arm he
1. I'm not blind, and I don't know anyone who is. I did a lot of research to try and make everything as realistic as possible, so any inaccuracies are totally on me. Please let me know if there's something outright wrong or offensive, though, and I'll remove or fix it right away!
“I was going to ask you what it was,” he admits after a pause. “What had happened, what you referenced that day, night, whatever. But you don’t want to talk about it, I know that. Maybe you will sometime, but I don’t think that sometime is tonight. If you ever do want, or need, to, though, I’ll listen. I won’t pretend like I can fix it or know exactly how you’re feeling, but I’ll listen. And I know that helps me sometimes.”
“Oh, you mean for the fact that I can’t even jump over the short side of a goddamn bench?” It’s a little dramatic, sure, but Dean’s next action is to just drop to the floor, rolling onto his back to stare defeatedly up at the studio ceiling.
Cas grins and sets his cup down before leaning back on his hands. “How’s that history paper you were telling me about?”
“And besides,” Dean continues, as if he hadn’t even heard or registered Cas’ last remark, “even if that
Cas turns back to them, eyes bright against the quickly growing fire. “I’m sorry, were you waiting for me?”
He’s letting himself get lulled into the monotony of what he’s been doing day in and day out for the past year and a half when he hears Sam groan. His eyes dart up just in time to see his little brother arching back, hands pressing at the base of his spine as he tries to stretch and pop his back. He glances over his shoulder at Dean as he does it—that’s their sign; this is it.
Dean scoffs. “What, that?” He tosses the potato again, and then a few more times for good measure. “It’s not that hard, Cas. I’m sure you can do it with your eyes closed, too.”
Balthazar barks out a laugh. “Christ, no, of course not! I’m just trying to make you feel better, mate.” He tilts his head back and downs the rest of his beer, swallowing quickly before setting his bottle down on the table with a clatter. "Your sister obviously thinks you're the man for the job."
“Hey.” Before Dean can think twice, he’s got his hand around Castiel’s wrist, stopping him from taking the sign down. Castiel glances at him, confused, and Dean flashes him a smile. “You named a pie after me, dude,” he says, “and to me, that’s the ultimate form of flattery. And plus, apple’s my favorite.” His own smile brightens at the faint trace of one tugging at Castiel’s mouth, and he adds, “So thank you.”
Cas is quiet for a long while. “Your own father set you up,” Cas starts slowly, and in the back of his mind, Dean appreciates that he’s taking him at his word, no
Hannah gets to her feet and considers the proofs thoughtfully. Before she leaves, she grabs a thick stack of them and swats Cas away as he tries to grab them back.
“How did you…” Cas gestures toward his own face, then remembers that Dean can’t see him, and mentally curses himself
“The noise those chains of yours are making is none too subtle, boys,” she says with a chuckle. She and her handcar are almost past them, and Dean’s got half a mind to hop on without her permission when she adds, “Lucky for you, I like a little adventure. Hop on.”
ahhh you guys! thank you all so much for reading the first bit and leaving kudos *hugs hugs so many hugs* i wasn't expecting this to be more than a one-shot, but i didn't realize how many people would dig the first story, and i kind of love this verse a little too much, so here, have an epilogue :D
“What the he—hey!” Whoever’s behind him’s got his other arm too, and manhandles him over to the piano in the corner. Dean grunts as he’s slammed down onto its top, and his stomach sinks at the feeling of cold metal being snapped around his wrists, something he’d hoped he’d never have to feel again.
“Who says I’m not?” Dean challenges. “I know this could be hard to believe, but chicks are usually more attracted to people
Without a word, Novak gets to his feet and extends his hand. Nervous, like he’s about to try and grab for a snake, Dean takes it, and damn if Novak isn’t strong. He hauls Dean to his feet in one fell swoop, and Dean can still feel the guy’s gaze on him as he dusts himself off.
“Had something there,” Novak says after a moment, tapping his own cheekbone with an expression on his face Dean’d guess is a smile. Or at least the closest thing he’s ever gonna get to one outta Novak.
Dean opens his mouth to retort, but before he can, Castiel cuts him off. “It’s clear that he loves you, and that he wants your happiness more than his own. I’ve only known him for a week, and that’s crystal clear to me, so I’m sure it’s clear to you, too.” Dean doesn’t answer, and Cas finishes his thoughts. “He wants what’s best for you, and I really think that this is it.”
He and Dean will be starting at the same time as everyone else, and people will know that he’s Dean’s guide because he’ll be wearing a neon yellow bib that says just that. Cas’ heart plummets, though, when he reads the next sentence--he’ll have to alert people to Dean’s presence as they pass.
He quickly closes his laptop and shoves it off to the side, slipping into the closest jacket and pair of shoes he can find before grabbing his keys and phone.
Cas jerks his head up quickly to see his co-hosts looking at him knowingly. “Getting lost in a certain someone’s green eyes down there?” Billie asks.
While the class outside (and the pep talk from Charlie, if he’s being totally honest with himself) had helped get his mind off things for a few hours, the anxiety’s back in full swing by the end of the day. Dean may not be any closer to figuring out the right thing to say to Cas, but at least he’s got six classes of content kids and a killer burger recipe from Benny LaFitte, the cafeteria manager and a goddamn food savant in his own right, saved in his phone.
People are taking photos, striking poses underneath the umbrellas, and Cas takes a second to just revel in the simple joy of the place. There’s nothing for sale, nothing glamorous or extravagant, just colors and fantasy and a break from reality.
Dean’s movements are random; first his fingers are messily entwined with Cas’ above his head, their mouths pressed together, then Cas can feel Dean’s hands on his shoulders as he swipes his tongue along his collarbone. One hand stays up at his chest, a finger circling his nipple wistfully, while the other wraps around his cock.
don’t want to do it, just make Dean hate you.” Her tone is joking at first, but Castiel’s face must betray the fact that he's seriously considering doing just that, because she quickly turns serious again and adds, “Don’t do that.”
He snaps out of it just in time to feel the man shoving him down harder against the piano. “You son of a bitch, this ain’t us!” he yells over the crowd, struggling against the grip that holds him in place. The guy behind him grips him tighter before hauling him upright. He leans in close, and Dean can smell the tobacco on his breath.
He waves at them, that smug, smarmy smile back in place. Then, in a cloud of dust and exhaust, he’s off back down the road, leaving the two of them high and dry.
Dean shakes his head, ruling out whatever bullshit reasoning his brother’s planning on dishing out before it leaves his mouth. “Pistol to the back of the spine,” he says, spinning the paper around so that it’s facing him. Doesn’t make much difference, though—Sam’s chickenscratch is damn near illegible no matter which way you view it. “Subtle and efficient as hell.”
Dean watches as Cas’ eyes slide shut as he licks and sucks at the other man’s fingers, the groan that escapes his mouth enough to have Dean reaching for his own dick. Cas, though, Cas is somehow still on high alert, because he wraps his free hand around Dean’s wrist and pins it back against the ground without so much as a glance.
“Anna’s has got incredible empanadas, but you’ll shit your brains out afterward. Not saying it’s not worth it, though.”
When he looks over, Cas has his hand clamped over Dean’s, and he’s looking up at the stage in surprise at the gunshot noise, too, almost as if he doesn’t even notice that their hands are touching. Dean glances up at the stage quickly, then back at Cas, and realizes that no, Cas really has
and overanalyzing Dean’s knee resting against his. He remembers spending the night wondering if Dean’s action had...
“Exactly why I’m asking.” The man drags a chair over from a nearby table and scoots between Gabe and Cas, taking care to avoid Balthazar, who’s flagged down a passing waiter for a scotch. “Now, open your calculator app, and let’s start with your birthday.”
Dean’s eyes go wide. “Uh, fuck, no, you’re not.” He tries to grab the phone out of Charlie’s hands, but she holds it out of his reach. He makes for it again when Sam smacks him on the shoulder.
,” Billie says once the intro music has faded out. She’s leaning back in her chair, arms crossed over her chest with a knowing grin on her face. “We come bearing not only our first visual episode—”
Cas shakes his head. "I read it last year. It's really good. I'll drop it off once we're not…sexiled anymore."
Each one of the posters taped on his roommate’s walls are tour posters for comedians, and Cas’ stomach clenches uncomfortably as he begins to wonder if he and his roommate will have
Pleased and just a little tipsy, Dean drops down into the seat across from Sam. “That’s her,” he says, casting an affectionate look over his shoulder. “Isn’t she great?”
Neither of them have a car on campus ("Fuckin' $140 for a parking pass? Yeah, right, man," Dean says as reasoning for why he didn't get one), and the weather isn't bitingly cold yet, so they decide to trek through the fall New Hampshire night.
. He’s checking Dean out too; he’s just somehow able to be less goddamn obvious about it, and frankly, that pisses him off too.
School, though, is where he first met Missouri Moseley, a woman dedicated to everything Cas would soon realize that he loved--the medical field and keeping his ass out of the line of fire. He
, exactly, but they know their song. And if the drunken singalongs and spectacularly bad dance moves are any indication, they actually
A flush makes its way up Castiel’s neck and onto his cheeks at the compliment. “Thank you,” he says as he slips behind the case and reaches for one of the cannolis with a piece of wax paper. “I’m glad you enjoyed it.”
him. Not only that, Dean likes him enough to kiss him. More than a friend. People don’t think of Cas as more than a friend. They just don’t, and the fact that this man who might as well be perfection personified
He glances at Sam and twirls a finger around near his ear, rolling his eyes. As handsome as he is, guy’s clearly still a few screws short of a toolbox. “Fine, then, how about this. Let’s get some hypothetical dollars for these hypothetical da—”
They sit in silence for a moment, and Cas lets himself relax. He drops his hands away from his lap, letting his right hand slide along the door frame while the left rests on the seat between him and Dean. Suddenly, Cas realizes that he doesn’t know for sure how Dean lost his vision in the first place. All he has is Anna’s note about RP, whatever that is.
As expected, all three of them do a solid job of keeping their anticipation under wraps, but Dean’s still got to watch himself when they approach the mess line. Vic Henriksen (busted for running a string of speakeasies all across Mississippi, and exactly Dean’s type of party person) and Benny LaFitte (he went down for arson and suspected mafia ties; jury’s still out on that second part, but Dean wouldn’t fuck with him regardless) are manning the food this morning, and in any other situation, Dean’d be bursting to share his plans with two of the men he’s grown closest to during his time at Joliet.
Dean raises an eyebrow at Cas, but doesn’t comment. “Glad to hear it,” he says instead with a grin. “This’ll be fun.”
All the other patrons start hollering and clapping as she makes her way back to their table. She slaps a giant sticker on Cas' chest; Cas looks up at her, a little confused, and she winks before heading back to pick up some more food.
Cas accidentally rips the foil in a jagged, misshapen line at that, and he can feel his cheeks go hot. “No, I, uh…”
Jess shakes her head solemnly. “A moment of silence for Sam’s ruined hair,” she says, reaching over and ruffling her fiance’s locks. Dean smirks. He likes Jess; Sam picked a great girl to spend the rest of his life with.
Cas sighs, trying to prepare himself not to sound as disappointed as he feels. “Time and a half, and there's no way anyone else would've done it.”
Winchester is silent at that; Cas can practically see his mind turning over the words in his head, trying to configure the best response. Finally, he just shakes his head. “Fuck you.”
Bobby had given them free reign of the boxes of old clothes in his bedroom to find new outfits, and Cas had taken full advantage, dressed in tan pants and a white button-up. He’d even managed to find himself a matching waistcoat, a snug piece fitting him in all the right places, with a blue tie tucked behind it. He’s got his shirtsleeves rolled up, exposing strong forearms that have Dean unconsciously wetting his lips. Combine it all with the flush in his cheeks from the hot water, the way stray curls of his damp hair stick to his forehead—
“Dean Winchester,” she finishes. “I heard we’ve had a guest of honor in camp the past few days. What's he like?”
Castiel takes a deep breath and gets closer, coming up behind Regular Kid to tap him on the shoulder. “Hey, no fighting al--” Regular Kid rears back with his triceratops horn and before Castiel can dodge it, the bone smashes into his face. “
“I appreciate the vote of confidence,” Cas says dryly. He makes toward Dean, but stops when Dean holds up a finger. “I thought you got—”
of Cas making Dean uncomfortable is laughable, so Dean does just that. He chuckles, the noise low and hollow and deep in his throat. “Somehow,” he says, looping his fingers through the belt loops of Cas’ wrinkled pants and tugging him forward until they’re pressed against each other, “I don’t think you have to worry about that.”
After dodging two Elmos, a deranged-looking Minnie Mouse, and a terrifying Statue of Liberty on stilts, Dean catches his first glimpse of the Richard Rodgers Theatre, and the familiar scene of the
“No, no, no, hold on,” Dean says, scurrying in front of him. He holds up his hands and walks backward. “I wanna see your reaction, dude.”
“Sounds angelic,” Sam says, and Dean knows his little brother, knows he said it more out of an effort to smooth things over than actual curiosity.
“C’mon,” Gabe says, repositioning himself so that he’s sitting with his back up against the wall, resting his laptop on his thighs. “I’ll restart the episode for you.”
him, and Dean’s torn between feeling appreciative of the view and jealous that his own jumpsuit’s got the shape of a few old potato sacks stitched together. As if he knows Dean’s watching, Novak’s tongue darts out to wet his lips and Dean shakes his head sharply.
Dean barks out a laugh at that. “Yeah, wonder if it’ll get us a discount here.” He tilts his head back and downs the rest of his drink fast and quick, using the back of his hand to wipe his mouth clean. And hell, this ain’t the time nor the place Dean wants for their first real kiss anyway, but he’ll be damned if he lets it ruin their night.
Cas stumbles forward when he feels Hannah’s hands shove against his back; when he glances over his shoulder at her, she’s smiling, too. He makes a beeline for Dean, who’s leaning against the doorjamb now, his arms folded across his chest, feet crossed at the ankles. Joe Cool in pajamas.
“Okay.” Cas takes his time getting up, and apparently isn’t moving fast enough, because he suddenly feels something long and thin smack his ass. He jumps to attention and glares at Dean, who’s standing casually next to him, halfheartedly attempting to hide his cane behind his back while grinning widely at him.
The taunting and regularly scheduled hazing sessions devoted just to him seems like too much to get into upon first meeting, so Cas just shrugs and says, “Financial aid.”
Dean chuckles and pats him awkwardly on the back before stepping away. “Good going,” he says to the both of them, running a hand through his hair and letting himself take a deep, relieved breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding.
A few minutes later, the car pulls into a circular driveway and stops in front of a mansion’s solid oak doors. A thin layer of snow coats the ground, and it's unclear if it’s natural or something created by the set designers for a special kind of romantic ambiance.
“Today’s date is all about responsibility, and seeing how you do thinking on your toes.” She grins at them all, and winks in the sunlight. “I’ve got a busy life, and I want my man to be able to keep up with me, and what better way to weed out the weak than with an obstacle course!”
Hannah stares at him, not breaking eye contact as she swallows. “You know that’s not an option. Having him on is going to be huge, and you know it.”
Dean cackles at that one, and Cas smiles before continuing. “‘Kiss me, I’m from New York City.’” He doesn’t realize what he just read until it’s out of his mouth, though, and he quickly adds, “Don’t listen to that one.”
There’s a long pause, and for a second, Cas wonders if Dean is actually trying it, right now, to give Cas an accurate answer. “Uh, yeah, dude, it sucks. Why?”
“It’s tough,” Sam says, drumming his fingers on the paper. ”There weren’t any signs of a fight. Nobody kicked up a ruckus; hell, his beer was still there. I dunno, Dean.”
, rough and electric and new, and if they weren’t in public, Dean’s sure he’d be pressing his lips up against it too. As it is, though, he watches as Cas’ cheeks color even more as he blushes. “It’s a good look for you,” he says quietly, taking his time looking Cas up and down.
“That depends,” Sam says. The woman quirks a brow, and she opens the door a bit wider, leaning against the jamb.
Dean’s not completely sure about that, but he’d be lying if he didn’t appreciate the sentiment. “Guess we’ll see.” He looks back out toward the kids, then glances at Charlie with a small grin, nudging her with his elbow. “Thanks, Red.”
He’s halfway down to their cabin when he decides that he could actually use some ice cream—fancy Restaurant dessert be damned—and grabs the fake gold-plated railing to swing himself around and head back upstairs.
“That’s comforting,” he mutters, walking over to Dean’s bureau. Several shirts are balled up and unceremoniously stuffed into the small drawer, and Cas starts digging through them. A souvenir from a charity walk, a faded Hard Rock Cafe shirt that’s probably older than Dean himself, a hastily screen-printed shirt for a local tattoo shop. He finally decides on an old Bruins shirt, and as he starts to pull it out, his hand brushes against something cold and metallic. He digs through the rest of the shirts and pulls out the object as discreetly as he can.
Zachariah purses his lips and leans back in his chair, his fingers tented contemplatively over his mouth. All that confidence Cas had been feeling just seconds earlier is evaporating fast, and he averts his gaze to the floor as his heart rate quickens.
“Okay, okay, let’s start recording,” Hannah says, throwing on her headphones and tapping the table with her palms. “Come on, guys, while it’s all fresh in our minds.”
Their conversation is interrupted as bass from the show starts thumping through the bathroom when the band launches into their next song, something with a chorus encouraging people to start wearing purple. Cas recognizes the lyrics from Gabriel marching through the house belting it at the top of his lungs for two weeks straight, and rolls his eyes.
“Have you never been here?” Cas asks, nudging him as they approach Ansin and start to hear the faint notes of the college radio station getting closer.
"Slow down for a couple seconds," Dean says, holding his hand out. Cas' fingers brush Dean's as he passes him the cup, and Cas slows down their pace to something just faster than a walk, watching as Dean tilts his head back and gulps down the water. His neck is bared, and Cas stares as Dean's Adam's apple bobs when he swallows.
Dean scoffs. “Whatever you say, Bill Nye.” They toss the ball back and forth in silence a few more times before Dean poses another question. “And you’re a transfer?”
. “Nope. Staying out of this.” He glances up quickly and adds, “But if you could check and see when I’ll be able to end my Fraction-Zdarsky drought, that’d be good.”
There’s a frantic clicking of controller buttons and Sam lets out this panicked, “To your left, Garth! No, your
Dean pauses, then moves his hands so that they’re on only one side of the tray. “Here,” he says, motioning for Cas to come closer and take the other side. “We both made ‘em, it’s only fair we both get to do the honors, right?” He shifts uncomfortably from one foot to the other. “Plus, I mean, just in case I miss the oven or whatever. You can...I don’t know, steer it.”
“You’re not an asshole, Dean.” It comes out quickly, and Cas finds himself hoping that it wasn’t said too quickly.
Nearly an hour after “The Star-Spangled Banner” played and the starting gun went off, Cas and Dean are still in their corral, but are finally almost to the starting line. As they wait, Cas glances down and sees Dean bouncing on the balls of his feet in anticipation, fingers playing anxiously with the rope between them. Dean must feel him staring, because he nudges Cas and asks, "You ready?" most likely in an attempt to deflect the attention away from himself.
Dean looks up at that, taking in the glare Novak shoots his cousin’s way. “Yeah?” he asks, swallowing his mouthful of food. “Why’s that?”
. There’s no way anyone’s getting a piece of Winchester before Alistair, not even Lucifer. Cas takes one more deep breath before grabbing the edge of the tent flap and pulling it open, peering inside before entering.
Dean stares at him, but doesn’t say anything. They stand there like two cowboys before a shootout, staring each other down in the middle of the deserted street, and Castiel half-expects some kind of tumbleweed to bounce across their path. As quickly as his anger had blossomed, though, Castiel finds it almost immediately shrinking back into apologies and attempts to smooth things over. His stomach clenches as he feels an overwhelming urge to handle the situation like he always does, and his anxiety increases as he watches Dean. He can see him working through a response in his head, wheels turning as he tries to put together his best comeback, and Castiel opens his mouth to apologize.
Dean’s cheeks are burning—at both the memory and the places his mind goes at Cas’ choice of words—and he clears his throat. “Yeah,” he finally says with a chuckle. “Duly noted...and apologized for. Again.”
A waitress with frizzy red hair comes up to their table, balancing two plates of breakfast food in the crook of her arm. "What'll ya have, boys?"
“Glad you could join us, Winchester,” Billie says. She nods, not taking her eyes off her screen as she pours herself a glass of red wine.
“Lifesaver, baby,” he says, more to himself than anyone else as he turns the keys, hitting the dash this time when the engine roars to life. “Goddamn lifesaver!”
The barn’s filling up with flames fast, and Dean coughs as he tries to squint through the smoke. There’s a sickening crack from above them, and he looks up just in time to dodge a beam that’s broken loose from the barn’s structure, falling to the ground with a crash and a crescendo of sparks.
Castiel looks up, startled that Dean had noticed Sam is still there. Sam’s eyes narrow, but he closes the door. Dean doesn’t start walking again until he hears the door click shut. He stops at the fence and leans his cane against it.
He’s spent the morning dispensing medication and seeing off twenty-five different residents whose family members have come to pick them up for Christmas festivities, and now that he’s finally got a moment to himself, he walks stiffly toward the nurses’ station. There’s garland that’s clearly seen better days draped across the front of the desk, and a few paper snowflakes residents made during arts and crafts earlier in the week taped around it.
“Are you okay?” Castiel asks hesitantly, taking a seat in one of the plastic chairs set out in front of her desk.
“Stop it. Listen to me. You were outnumbered in a terrifying situation, but you didn’t let it affect you. You fought back, which is more than I did. You’re brave, Dean Winchester, one of the bravest people I know, and I’m not going to let you think that you’re not.”
Alastair opens his mouth to retort, but a knock on the door interrupts him—the latest date card has arrived. Kevin jumps to his feet and hurries to the door, grabbing the dainty cream-colored card off the ground and walking back into the living room, waving it at his fellow bachelors like a battle flag.
This time, Charlie’s eyes widen, and if Cas had any doubts that he had come to the wrong comic shop, they were gone now. “Winchester?”
The pitcher takes pity on him and stops a few feet away, then walks backwards so they can start throwing. Cas watches Dean as he laughs at something one of their teammates says, and grits his teeth.
Sam and Jess. He almost falls off the ladder twice, balancing precariously to get the strings of white twinkle lights to drape at the perfect height and angle. He helps Sam arrange and rearrange the tables and chairs until Jess is sure that all the guests will be close enough together without invading each other’s personal space. He gives his opinion on which flower centerpiece should go where.
“My place, half an hour.” She hangs up, and Cas stares down at his phone. Dean had dropped out? Why would he drop out of a show that would guarantee him more of his three favorite things, sex, booze, and screen time?
But the longer he stares, the more familiar the Colt’s face looks. The sharp jawline, the messy dark hair that pokes out from underneath his hood, the mischievous glint in the Colt’s green eyes, the way he’s biting his lower lip in concentration--it’s Dean.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Come on, dude. It’s a TV show. What good is it if we don’t have a little fun every once in awhile?”
,” he mutters when Sam tells them to drop again after another hundred yards, only to get them back on their feet not thirty seconds later. He feels like he’s trudging through mud, and his ankles are raw underneath the chains: as much as he thought he was used to them, what he apparently hasn’t gotten the hang of yet is running in them.
Sam and Cas look up as Dean slides back into the booth next to Cas, waiting for them to fill him in. Instead, Sam shakes his head and finishes his drink.
rules; Chuck Shurley’s just a blundering pawn in her game; and while Cas is here for every goddamn second of it, he wants Dean in on it too.
Dean grabs them both and flashes Manuel the smile that Cas has grown to enjoy so much, the one that’s apparently not as rare or special as he had first thought. He turns around and hands a bottle to Cas before holding his out in a toast. Cas glances down at the bottle in his hand and gently taps it against Dean’s.
is,” he says quickly, “and I don’t want you to feel like you have to tell me. You don’t. But I just, I want you to know that I’m here.”
Dean chuckles, twisting his hands around in the sand. “Hard to believe, I know.” He’s quiet for a moment, then adds, “If it were up to me, if we weren’t on a boat in the middle of the goddamn ocean, I’d probably have kissed you the first night we met.”
The restaurant isn’t too crowded, and the second Cas sees him, he recognizes him from TV, and he hates himself for feeling almost starstruck. Sam’s eyes brighten as Dean leads Cas toward him, and Cas has to resist the urge to wave. Dean nudges Cas as his little brother approaches, and mutters, “Be cool,” under his breath.
As it is, he can’t do anything but watch as they pile something too closely resembling horse shit onto a plate and shove it his way.
“Dean, I—” Cas cuts himself off as the elevator doors slide closed, cutting him off. Cas bites down hard on his lower lip—
on Facebook--and let’s be honest, who isn’t--should Dean just send him a message? What if it goes to that goddamn
All the air leaves the room in one fell swoop, no noise save for Alastair crunching on the ice cubes piled at the bottom of his glass. Benny makes to rest his hand on Dean’s shoulder, but the second his palm touches Dean’s shirt, Dean shoves his hand away makes for Alastair, lunging over the table and tackling him hard.
Anna claps her hands together, almost like she’s praying, and holds them in front of her mouth and nose for a second before bringing them back down and giving Castiel a hopeful smile. “You still run, right, Castiel?”
Cas is awake long before his alarm goes off, and he smacks it stiffly before scrubbing both hands down his face. The faint smell of coffee wafts into his room from down the hall in the kitchen; his stomach drops when he realizes that Dean must have the day off. He usually has the apartment to himself in the mornings because of Dean’s early shifts at the Thinking Cup, so he’d been banking on a few extra hours of being alone with his thoughts about this whole situation.
She’s stunning, and any trace of nervousness she might have been feeling isn’t detected by any of the men waiting to meet her. One by one, they take turns stepping out of the limo and walking toward her. Some are smooth and confident, some are adorably nervous, and others are just reminiscent of cringe-worthy first dates.
“How many prisons are around here?” Dean murmurs, not taking his eyes off the working men who have become dots in the distance.
crazy, and Dean’s just a shitty judge of character? It wouldn't be the first time. But Cas seemed harmless. He seemed just like his pastries--he was sweet, with his inability to make eye contact for more than ten seconds before looking shyly away (not that Dean’s kept track); the way the skin around his eyes crinkle a little when he smiles (not that Dean’s noticed); the way just the thought of him makes Dean’s stomach do an uncomfortable little flip.
“You tell Cas yet?” Sam calls over his shoulder. He’s ass-deep in a game of Fortnite, something Dean introduced into the apartment last year and something Sam’s only grown more fond of as more and more of Dean’s kids abandon it.
Two hands come to rest gently on his hips. This is happening, then. He takes a long, deep breath before letting the guy turn him around.
Dean had sworn to himself that he’d never end up in Lawrence County Court again, and when he steps foot into Lawrence’s tiny courtroom, he’s hurled back into his life two years ago. He’d been alone then, scared but trying not to show it—keeping a stiff upper lip, John used to say, back when he still talked to Dean. It’s a strange comfort having Sam and Cas by his side this time, but that’s short-lived when he catches sight of Heyerdahl waiting for them.
Dean perks up immediately at the mention of food, and Cas grins. “What’d you have in mind?” he asks.
They spend the next half hour or so debating different ideas, but Cas only hears bits and pieces of them; his mind keeps going back to the night in the restaurant with Dean. No matter how much he tries to convince himself otherwise, there’s a tiny part of him that keeps going back to it.
“Easy. First rule of art,” Dean says, leaning back against his desk, arms folded across his chest, “this shit’s subjective. To some people, art’s just Monet and van Gogh, but to others, it’s whoever the hell is responsible for Success Kid. And what I want you to do is create your own.”
Dean grunts when his knees hit the dirt, and he’s about to haul himself back up to his feet when Cas’ boot connects with the bottom of his chin, sending him sprawling onto his back. He can hear Sam yelling at the both of them in the background, but he sure as hell ain’t listening, and he doubts Cas is, either.
Dean turns his head and spits before muttering, “Fuck,” and that’s exactly how Cas feels. While not exactly an intimidating hill on its own--in fact, it’s basically the opposite--Heartbreak Hill is practically like scaling a mountain to runners who have already banked twenty miles before reaching it, and it’s no different for Dean and Cas. Exhaustion is beginning to hit Cas hard, his chest is aching and his legs feel like they’re made of lead, and he can tell that Dean’s on the verge of hitting a wall, as well. Maybe they shouldn’t have stopped running; Cas’ stomach twists uncomfortably as he thinks about picking up the pace, but Dean tugs on the rope between them, making his thoughts on the matter clear.
Cas pauses, then laughs in disbelief, his eyes crinkling at the corners in a way that Dean didn’t realize that he really,
Dean shakes his head. “Nope,” he says. “Brother’s already seen it, friends don’t give a shit. You said it yourself, you need to make some new
The rest of the letter waxes poetic about how he’s about to become a part of Wildwood’s distinct undergraduate class, receive a top-notch education, and that they can’t wait to see how he’ll contribute to the community as a transfer student. Cas rolls his eyes at that and scans the rest of the letter until he gets to the bottom, where he sees a hastily scrawled note written next to the president’s stamped signature.
that—but before they go their separate ways, the guy reaches out and presses his hand gently against Dean’s cheek, and Dean goes still, leaning unconsciously into the touch.
He finally comes with a gasp, hands going lax in the restraints. His chest is heaving as he starts to even out his breathing, and he can hear Dean jerking himself off with one hand as he pulls the tie away from Cas’ eyes with the other. Cas watches as Dean finishes himself, and tries to ignore the aching feeling in his gut at the desire to do everything for Dean that he had just done for him.
putting it back in his bag. Just to prove that to himself, he lunges for his messenger bag and throws the flap open, rummaging around until he pulls out—
Cas waits to warn Dean about turns, curbs, or obstacles at the last second, which doesn’t give Dean enough time to react without stumbling or tripping himself up, but they finally figure out something that vaguely resembles a plan.
Castiel narrows his eyes. “Love you, too, Anna,” he says, and she beams. “I’m sure he’ll be recognizing my voice soon enough,” he adds sourly. “I yelled at him today.”
to, like all the other teachers at Thompson, but somehow it still feels like he’s breaking the rules as he and Charlie usher their students outside, all of ‘em like kids trying to avoid their parents as they sneak downstairs for late-night snacks during sleepovers.
He doesn’t know how to feel about the fact that it feels like Dean’s purposely avoiding eye contact.
One girl elbows the other hard in the side. “I told you it was him,” she whispers, and the girl who had spoken first goes red.
The second floor is bustling with people, some crowded around a conference room clutching notepads and pens, others lounging at their desks, absentmindedly playing with paper clips while discussing different fundraising activities on the phone. Castiel lets himself zone out for a few seconds as he walks, only to be jerked back to reality by someone calling his name.
When Dean looks over his shoulder, he almost looks like he wants to swear, as if he hadn’t remembered what drawing he had been working on. He purses his lips as he sits down on the edge of the bed and pulls on some socks, then gives Cas a small, humorless smile.
,” Cas says, resting a hand on his heart and closing his eyes when he says it. “Definitely one of my favorites.”
“I’m not--you know what,” Dean says, more to himself than to Cas, “I need you to give me like, five minutes.” He swivels around in Cas's arms and gives him a quick, distracted kiss before pulling himself out of Cas's embrace and ushering him toward the door.
Dean furrows his brow in confusion, then his eyes go wide. “During my—oh, fuck.” He points at Cas and adds, “Don’t say a fucking word to him about that, got it? If he finds out people actually
“Garth Fitzgerald,” he says as he drives, sticking his hand out for each one of them to shake while keeping his eyes on the road ahead. He winks at Dean before adding, “The fourth.”
“All right, all right,” Charlie says once Dean and Hannah have wrapped up their feline greetings. She cracks her knuckles in front of her laptop’s camera and raises her own hard cider, looking at them all expectantly. “Take a moment…”
Dean laughs, resting his free hand on his chest. “It’s a comic,” he says, “about people who can stop time when they have sex. And once time
Cas leans forward and taps a finger on Dean’s nose, causing him to go slightly cross-eyed as he follows the motion before dropping a quick kiss there, as well. “I don’t mind that.”
He purses his lips, staring intently at Hannah’s laptop screen as he scans quickly through all the names and photos, searching for one in particular.
He and Sam press themselves back up against the fence, and Dean takes a second to try and compose himself, scrubbing a hand down over his face. “Shit,” he murmurs, watching as two men—guards, they had to be guards, no one else would be out this late—wander around the grounds, casual as anything. They’re getting close, too close for Dean’s liking, and he takes a breath while trying to concoct the next step of this sorry, half-assed excuse for a plan.
Dean is typing something else, but Cas isn’t in the mood to wait; he punches in Dean’s number and calls him instead.
Hannah rolls her eyes and takes a seat in Cas’ spare chair, where Naomi had just been. “Hannah, I actually have to finish some work—”
Dean stares at him for a second, then laughs. “Fuck off, Cas.” He digs into his pocket for his ticket, then motions for Cas to follow him. “Let’s go, rookie.”
A hooded, masked figure sneaks up behind the man with the gun in Cas’ face and without warning, slams his fist hard into his temple. The man cries out in surprise and whirls around as his gun goes clattering to the pavement, and Cas stands frozen in place, staring at the scene unfolding before him.
“You think I don’t know that? It is, and they deserve it, but you really think prison guards’re gonna be the ones to dish it out? You think
Cas looks at him with a pleased little glint in his eye, and Dean reaches up—for what, he’s not sure, maybe to grab a fistful of Cas’ hair, to drag him back up and pull him into a kiss—but before he gets too far, Cas wraps his free hand around Dean’s wrist again and pins it next to his head. He applies a bit more pressure so Dean gets the idea—keep it there—and Dean nods.
“Billie’s one of the best guitarists this side of the Mississippi,” the woman who’d invited them in adds proudly. “Her playing speaks for itself.”
Dean turns his whole body to face him at that. “Alternatives?” he repeats. “What the hell do you mean, alternatives?”
He must’ve dozed off, because the next time Cas opens his eyes, the TV is on, tuned to a what looks like a so-bad-it’s-good horror movie, and Dean is sitting next to him on the couch, munching contentedly on a grilled cheese sandwich. Dean must feel him shift next to him, because he points to a plate on the coffee table, which is stacked with two more grilled cheeses, and says, “Fuck the diet thing.”
“On it.” Dean grabs a few more fries before edging over to the stove, using his free hand to guide himself until he’s positioned himself in front of the tray. Cas peers over Dean’s shoulder, trying to keep his distance as he watches Dean lay the fries out on the foil. “Fix ‘em if you need to.” He pauses, then adds, “I can feel you hovering, Cas,” and Cas takes a surprised step back.
Cas looks a little startled when he looks up, then slowly holds up his half-drunk bottle. “Thank you, though,” he says with a soft grin, then, “Can I ask you a question?”
“Gonna have to be a little more specific there, Cas,” Dean says, clasping his hands together behind his back and lifting them up in a stretch as far as he can.
Dean makes introductions—his brother, Sam, and his girlfriend, Eileen; Ellen and Bobby’s daughter, Jo; a handful of friends who all already seem to be four drinks deep.
His phone vibrates next to him, and Cas grabs for it without looking; after all, it’s not like things can get any worse. He clicks it on to unlock it, and sees one new notification that makes his heart sink and stomach twist in excitement all at once.
About a half hour later, once they’ve gotten their medals and Gatorade--which Dean downs in a solid fifteen seconds--Sam and Anna find them off near the gigantic water station for the runners to start recuperating and rehydrating themselves. Cas hears Anna’s excited squeal before he sees her, and within seconds, she’s pounced on him, wrapping him in a tight hug.
Castiel tucks his phone between his ear and shoulder before starting to stretch, grabbing at his foot and pulling it up behind his back. “Speaking.”
The fish fry up nice enough, and it doesn’t take long for Dean to fix three small servings. He hands off Sam’s and holds out a second one meant for Cas, but no one takes it. “You want this or what?” he asks, annoyed, but when he looks up, he sees Cas sitting on a rock off near the edge of camp. He’s not even looking in their direction, and Dean closes his eyes with a sigh.
“Oh, uh, hold on.” Cas grabs Dean’s glasses off the dashboard and glances down at Dean’s hand, which is held out expectantly. He looks from Dean’s hand, to his face, then back to his hand again before reaching out and getting ready to place the glasses over Dean’s eyes. As he leans closer, he studies the freckles scattered across Dean’s nose and cheeks, and is suddenly hit with an urge to kiss every single one.
“Trust me, man,” Charlie says, squinting into the camera’s viewfinder before pulling back and tilting her head to the side to look at them, “if that was real, I would’ve downed it two hours ago.”
Cas smiles back, first without teeth, but then he shows off that bright, gummy smile Dean can’t get enough of as he holds out a green bag. He tosses their trash into the garbage, careful to line their empty glasses up in a neat row, and sets the books down. He reaches out for the bag, but just as his fingers brush the canvas, Cas pulls back.
Cas flips him off—a gesture that’s become way more prevalent in his daily life than he’d like to admit—and Dean throws his head back with a laugh. He shakes his head, still grinning to himself, and continues tapping on his keyboard.
“I don’t think you’re following,” he says, barely above a whisper. “The whole point of you being here is to be tortured for information and to get a ransom. Maybe not even that; maybe Alistair just wants the satisfaction of killing you. And I could be
“And we thank you kindly for that,” the man says, “but fact of the matter is, you three’ve got warrants out for your arrests, and there’s still this depression on.”
coming up with anything better, so the three of ‘em pile inside the thing, Sam grabbing shotgun and Cas leaning forward over the backseat, poking his head between the two of them.
He glances over at Cas, who’s holding his playbill up with one hand and taking a picture of it with the stage in the background with the other. The rest of their fellow winners file in slowly, offering them more smiles and high fives and congratulations as they pass, like they’re all part of some exclusive club, which, Dean guesses, they kind of are.
in black pants and a light blue button-down that hugs him in all the right places. He’s even got the sleeves rolled up to the elbows, which Dean is convinced he decided to do just to fuck with him, knowing how much of a sucker he is for it, just rubbing in the fact that he can’t get laid until they get back to Cas’.
Dean’s eyes are bright with excitement, and he shrugs. “Turns out Christmas fucking sucks when you have to spend it without your best friend.”
“Go on,” Anna says, beckoning for him to come closer. “Close your eyes and touch my face.” She juts her face out toward him, and Castiel sighs, closing his eyes and reaching a hesitant hand out toward her face.
Dean pushes himself to his feet and holds out his hand, which Cas takes, but as soon as he does, Dean pulls his own out of Cas’ grip and starts running it up Cas’ arm, across his shoulders, up his neck, until it stops, pressed gently against his cheek. He’s sure that Dean can feel his face move under his palm as he smiles, because he smiles, too, before leaning in and pressing his own lips to Cas’.
Alistair studies him before reaching for the knife he had used to threaten Winchester just minutes earlier, and smacks its hilt hard against Winchester’s temple. Winchester grunts and his head snaps to the side at the contact, and he goes limp in his restraints, unconscious.
The car eventually pulls up to the front of a trendy yoga studio, where Lisa is waiting for Dean outside, already dressed in sporty workout gear, two rolled up yoga mats slung over her shoulder. Dean lets out a low whistle as he opens the door and pulls her into a hug immediately, cupping her head underneath her ponytail as he leans her back for a kiss.
Cas’ fingers manage to worm their way underneath his body and they grip his ass hard as he continues, spurred on by the way he’s making Dean come undone. It’s too much while simultaneously not being enough, and Dean’s blinking fast as his throat goes dry.
“People think that a blind person can figure out what you look like if they touch your face,” Anna says. Castiel can feel the muscles in her face moving as she speaks, and he pulls his hand away quickly. “What’d you feel?”
Cas had been planning on his weekend involving nothing but sleeping, a long run or two, and hours of trashy reality TV, but next week’s change of plans has him panicking about cruise safety regulations and Googling the most effective seasickness remedies instead. By the time he opens the ninth tab offering advice to first-time cruisers (he’s still not over the fact that they have a fucking
Lisa looks thrilled, eyes shining with excitement, and she grabs Dean’s hand, leading him to the center of the hall. “Do you know Twigs and Twine?” she shouts over the crowd, gesturing up toward the band on the stage.
Benny has stopped to readjust the baby bjorn for his doll and Andy is gaining on Kevin and Gordon when Gordon tosses a particularly rancid sheet at Kevin’s face.
They’re losing to Northeastern 3-2 in the game that’ll decide who moves on to playoffs; it’s the bottom of the ninth, with two outs already on the books. Cas has read about games like these, but actually
By instinct, Dean is about to pull his hand out from under Cas’ when he decides that, no, he actually
“Every detail, Cas!” Hannah shouts as Cas mouses over to the exit button. “Every! Detail!” He closes the chat and logs out.
Cas turns around, and sure enough, a small brass plaque is emblazoned with "ADAM SANDLER SAT HERE" and then the date he visited.
Sam may be pushy, but he’s also not a goddamn idiot, and he gets the hint; Dean’s sketchbook isn’t mentioned for the rest of the evening. After dinner, they sit through a few episodes of Sam’s latest reality obsession with Dean casually researching lockable sketchbooks on his phone before finally begging off, claiming he’s got to work on his lesson plans for tomorrow (not to mention wallow in at least a little bit of self-pity).
Dean wants to smile at that, Cas can tell, and the only thing he wants to see is Dean’s stupid crooked grin, but instead, he shakes his head. “Should’ve known that was you,” he says. “I knew you were writing that article.”
Dean chuckles, leaning back in his seat. “She’s sweet,” he says slowly. “She makes me laugh, and cares about family. She proved me wrong about this show, Sammy. And I think that’s all I need.”
The Company and the Battalion have been at war for as long as Cas can remember, and he’s heard stories of Dean Winchester, the Battalion’s most notorious sharpshooter, for just as long. His expert shooting skills and apparent inability to get caught had turned him into the equivalent of a ghost story in all Stations of the Company, someone new recruits were warned of the second they were assigned to their Station, and seeing him sitting there in front of them makes the hair on the back of Cas’ neck stand on edge.
“All right,” Sam says as he approaches the table, studying a paper in his hands. “According to the barkeep, if we keep a steady trail north, we’ll make it to—”
Suddenly, Dean’s words are interchangeable with his father’s, Cas finds himself staring into his father’s cold blue eyes while looking at Dean, and before he can think any more about it, Castiel snaps. He grips a fistful of Dean’s hair and jerks his head upright, staring into his wide green eyes.
There’s nothing else, really. Just the fact that lips like his exist. He watches the way they move as he talks, the way his tongue pokes out to wet them, and Cas wants to know how they’d feel pressed against his own, along his neck and jaw and—
“Apology accepted. Again.” Cas smiles, then averts his eyes once more. Dean really wishes he’d just keep looking. “I suppose I didn’t want to.”
the one panicking. Cas shoves the thoughts to the back of his mind, opting instead to take down even more notes on which foods are best to eat before and after long runs.
Hannah and Billie pepper him with questions about life on the set, his favorite castmates, and exactly how much producers influenced the course of events on the show. Cas stays quiet for most of the interview, only interjecting or commenting when called upon, but just as they’re about to start wrapping up, he decides that he can’t help himself.
feelings that are threatening to take over, and purses his lips thoughtfully. “It’s difficult to describe your own eyes well, Dean.”
“Sorry, little fella,” he says, unbuttoning his new shirt, one of the threadbare ones they’d nicked back at Gabriel’s, and laying it out flat before scooping the fish up and placing it down on top of the fabric. “Gotta do what we gotta do, y’know?”
Sam stares at him like he’d just suggested the guy drive his car straight off the next cliff he sees. “Since when? Friend,” he says, addressing the driver, “I’m positive you’ve gotta…”
The ball sails over his glove and out of the field, and just like that, Wildwood’s headed for the playoffs.
Dean stares at her, lips parted dumbly and feeling like he can’t do anything but, well, stare. Rowena repeats herself, and, like he’s broken out of some kind of invisible hold, he finally forces himself to nod.
Dean waves him off. “Didn’t wanna stay in the apartment alone all day, and Hannah was game, so…” He shrugs, an
Dean’s sprawled out on the couch, flat on his back. His legs are crossed at the ankles, resting on one of the armrests, and his head is resting on the other one. There’s an iPhone sitting on his chest, moving slowly up and down with the rhythm of his breathing, and Cas watches, momentarily entranced by the simple way Dean is just
The man’s voice fades away as Dean pulls Cas onto the steps of the theatre next to the other winners so far. They welcome them excitedly, and Dean notices that the first winner of the day is still hugging her boyfriend, trying to compose herself. He grins and turns to Cas, who’s staring at him like he just grew a second head.
Castiel can hear a TV show playing in the living room that they’re approaching, and before they get there, Sam nudges Rudy into another room that’s fenced off with a giant baby gate. The second the gate snaps closed, Rudy is on his hind legs, peeking over the top of the gate and giving Castiel a pleading look.
Dean freezes, staring at Cas with wide eyes. Cas has to bite the inside of his cheek to keep his face as blank as possible; seeing Dean uncertain and flustered is new to him, but not all unwelcome. “I, uh, those—” Dean stammers, his cheeks getting redder by the second.
Dean ignores him, instead asking, “Did you do that?” and jerking his thumb back toward the Christmas tree in the corner.
Dean looks up at him, eyes bright and gleaming, and Cas traces his thumb along Dean’s jaw while reaching down for his cock. He tries not to, Cas can tell, but Dean lets out a shuddering breath at the contact and pokes his tongue between his teeth, letting his head drop back and exposing the long column of his neck.
what Cas wants, but he shivers in spite of himself, unable to help the groan that escapes his lips once more as Cas presses kisses along the inside of his thighs, warm and wet and slow and still too infuriatingly far away from his cock.
He wishes he could let their bodies press together as they adjust to the swaying and jerking of the train, that Dean would wrap his arm around his shoulders and hold him close. In an attempt to distract himself, he pulls out his phone and unlocks it. There’s a new text from Gabe--
“Why would he have given us this?” Sam asks quietly, shaking it in front of Dean’s face. “You, sure, you two are pals. But all three of us? He’s onto something, Dean. He’s onto us.”
Lisa smiles at him and takes his hand. “One more thing,” she says, leading him out of the studio toward a small vintage theatre a few blocks away. The marquee is framed with bright blinking bulbs and DEAN + LISA = TRUE LOVE in thick black lettering, and Lisa plants a kiss on Dean’s cheek when they enter.
Cas tries to focus on the game, he really does, but if the Red Sox want him to pay better attention, they should probably hire a pitcher as attractive as Dean Winchester to play for them.
Cas had expected security as they arrived at the port, but what he hadn’t been prepared for was to feel like they were entering a military base just to get on a goddamn ship.
“Leaving.” He says it as if it’s the simplest thing in the world, and Dean’s gotta laugh at how ridiculous this whole thing’s become.
Cas purses his lips, considering, then nods. “You’re right.” He nods at Sam, then at Dean, and starts walking past them, back in the direction from where they came.
“Yes.” Castiel is already fumbling over his words, feeling the excuse already collapsing down around him. “In order to, I don’t know, work with him.”
Nobody seems particularly thrilled to see them, and that doesn’t change as Billie starts strumming her guitar. Dean supposes he shouldn’t be too surprised; compared to the acts these folks have seen, they’re probably nothing more than background noise to them. He can’t help but still feel a little indignant, though, and when he clears his throat, he makes sure to do so right in front of the mic. A couple of people in the front row glare up at him, but the rest are still too preoccupied with the rest of the evening to give any of them a second thought.
When the elevator stops just one floor after his, Cas wants to be annoyed, but when the heavy doors open to reveal Dean waiting there, typing quickly on his phone, his mood immediately shifts. Dean glances up before taking a few steps forward, then quickly does a double-take and stops short.
Cas gives up on getting any sleep after an attempted fitful nap that lasted less than an hour, and heads back to relieve Michael of his guard duties. Anxiety builds on itself in the pit of his stomach, hot and squirming, like it’ll burst out of him at any second. He sucks in air through his nose and tries to right himself. He can do this, he just can’t let himself get distracted in any way. The rest of his fellow soldiers do it, so he should be able to, as well.
The twang of Billie’s guitar rings out in the studio, and Dean practically jumps out of his skin. He turns around for a split second to watch her play; just a few notes in and it’s clear the woman’s incredible, damn-near god-tier, her fingers flying over the strings as second-nature as breathing.
Balancing their fourth rounds in his hands, Sam heads back to their table and sets them carefully on the tabletop. Once he’s grabbed his seat, he shoves his hair out of his face and grins at them.
She looks down and grins, shaking her head. “I wasn’t expecting you,” she says. “I don’t know what it is about you, but you’re...intriguing. There are a lot of handsome, funny, sweet, charming guys in the house tonight,” she continues, “but for some reason, you’re the one I can’t get out of my mind.”
“You already have,” Castiel tells her, tightening his shoelaces once more before straightening up. “When I was living up in New Hampshire, remember? The ‘I left my keys in Fenway after the game and they wouldn’t let me back in to get them since they were closing, so could you please please please drive an hour and a half to come get me, then another hour to Adam’s so I can get my spare key, then
Cas takes the package and walks over to Dean, who’s being congratulated by Anna. She notices him and takes a few steps back, tapping Dean on the shoulder.
Cas wrinkles his nose as the bottle is jammed into his hands, feeling like someone whose cat just presented them with a dead mouse. “I don’t want this.”
Charlie works fast. Ten minutes, and she’s got them all crammed into the studio, the three of them situated in front of a microphone hanging from the ceiling. Dean’s in the middle, and he can’t stop himself from glancing back and forth between Charlie and the microphone.
Dean’s eyes dart toward Cas, but Cas can tell he would’ve ignored him even if Cas had said no. “Yeah, ‘course.” He gets to his feet and wraps his arms around the girls, one of whom holds her arm out to take a selfie.
“These gentlemen,” Jessica continues, “are responsible for bringing down a man wanted for more crimes than the three of their ages combined. They’re cleaning up
“Not as catchy as ‘bee-scotti,’” Dean finally says, smiling faintly. Castiel looks up at him and gives him a cautious smile.
Cas grins and pulls his raspberry lime rickey donut carefully out of its bag. “I’m glad you like it.” His mouth is full when he notices a couple glancing their—or at least Dean’s—way every so often, and he chews and swallows quickly, suddenly uncomfortable, before leaning across the table.
Dean purses his lips as he glances and Sam and Cas. The whole reason they’re here is to find Jessica, but they could always use the cash, plus it’s getting dark... “I dunno…”
Sam laughs again and swats at Dean with the book. He’s still studying the page as he does so, asking, “What even is this? Who’s Cas?” But it’s the head tilt and long, drawn-out, “Oh,
They settle in for the next few numbers, and Dean feels a small ball of anxiety start to form in the pit of his stomach as “Blow Us All Away” starts. He knows how this ends, how sad it is, the idea of a family being torn apart even more, this time by death, and he knows that sometimes he can’t even listen to the next three songs on the album because they just bum him out so goddamn much, but there’s no going back now. He prepares himself to see Philip get shot and killed after following shitty dueling advice from Alexander, but what he’s not expecting is to be so surprised by how loud the gunshot is during the duel. He jumps a little in his seat, startled, but is even more startled when he feels a hand grab his the second the prop gun goes off.
Dean laughs as he gets to his feet. Cas props himself up on one elbow and watches the way the muscles in Dean’s arms go taut as he clasps his hands behind his back and stretches his arms high above his head.
“Hey, hey, don’t talk about Cas like that!” Dean says. “He’s our pal, thick as thieves. Right, Sam?”
For a few seconds, all Dean can really do is stare. The guy takes a couple steps back, lips curling into a hesitant smile as he reaches his hand out—a hand that, Dean can’t help but notice, is infuriatingly
“Yeah, you’d’ve liked that, wouldn’t you?” Dean asks, eyes fixed on Cas, who, to his credit, doesn’t back down after the initial waver.
Balthazar rests a hand on Cas’ shoulder. “He’s got it,” he says. “He had to show it to get on the plane, after all.”
It’s awkward, running along the side of an incline with a return to prison under you and your ticket to freedom above you, but somehow, Sam manages one more burst of speed and hauls himself up and into the car.
Now it’s Dean’s turn to catch Cas’ jaw in his hand. “Hey.” He angles it toward him, his fingers warm and gentle on Cas’ skin. “It’s forgotten.” Dean leans forward and kisses Cas, his movements long and slow and deliberate, and Cas relaxes into his touch, linking his hands together loosely behind Dean’s neck.
Hannah sighs and rests her chin in her hand, still chewing. “Are you going to be like this all afternoon?”
Some wayward Cheerios lodge themselves in Cas’ throat at that, and he coughs hard, trying not to splutter milk everywhere. “Y-yes,” he says shakily, pounding a fist against his chest and coughing once more. “It’s in the print paper, and I’ll be posting it online when I get in today.”
your biggest takeaway? Jesus, Dean, I mean, I appreciate Kyle MacLachlan as much as the next person, but there’s so much to unpack in the one episode.”
Hannah scoffs, waving him off. “Those oxygen tanks will be there in five minutes.” She rests her chin in her hands, looking at him with a dreamy gaze. “I’ve always wanted to go on a cruise.”
Dean’s not looking at him, but Cas can tell by the way his eyes have gone dark that as much as he’d tried to hide it behind nonchalance and charm, he’d taken the comment to heart. He reaches up and gently tilts Dean’s head toward him so that they’re facing each other, and smiles. “Do you need me to remind you of how wonderful you are, Dean Winchester?”
They watch the HAM4HAM show, Dean bouncing on the balls of his feet to try and get out the nervous energy that’s suddenly taken over. He’s not sure if it has to do more with the fact that yet another lottery is fast approaching, or that he’s got the best-looking dude on West 46th Street next to him, but either way, he tries to keep his cool.
He can practically hear the breath catch in Dean’s throat, and he wants to stop in the middle of the race and just hug him as hard as he can, but he decides to wait another hundred feet before doing so.
“Don't go judging him for what he's done before thinking about what he's been through. This war is making us all do terrible things, things we never thought we could be capable of doing. Understand?”
He sucks in a sharp breath through his teeth when the water sloshes over his feet. It’s freezing, but he’s been through worse, so he steels himself and wades in deeper, scanning for the little schools of fish he knows are lurking just under the surface. He can see ‘em, and sometimes one or two are daring enough to brush against his leg, but no matter how hard he tries, he can’t get a fucking handle on even one.
Castiel feels like he’s ten years old and throwing a temper tantrum, but he groans and covers his face with his forearm.
“What? Oh, Dean, I’m sorry.” She envelops him in a hug, burrowing her face against his shoulder. “I’m so sorry. [Bleep] him.”
The ball goes flying off Vic’s bat with a crack, and suddenly, everyone else is pressed up against the fence with Cas, watching the ball soar into the outfield.
“You’re lucky you’re so goddamn cute, that’s how.” Cas feels Dean’s arm snake around his hips and pull him close; he turns just in time for Dean to kiss him. Dean’s mouth is sweet, the faint tang of ricotta still present on his tongue, and Cas closes his eyes.
And for some reason, Cas gets indignant at that. He stares up at Dean, lips pressed into a resolute pout that Dean
Dean can hear Sam, sure, but he can’t move. He doesn’t know what to say, either, but every second he stays silent has him feeling like he’s losing it—losing
Dean offers Lisa a single wave of his hand as he heads down the hill. She traipses through the snow to meet him, pulling a sled behind her that’s clearly meant as nothing more than a prop, and gives him a kiss.
As the students and other spectators come into view, Cas squints at them, then laughs. “They have signs!”
’d be throwing apologies out there like they grow on trees?” He shines the flashlight into the next cell—no luck—before preparing for the next one. “I’ll tell ya right now, no goddamn way he—ah, shit.”
When Dean opens his eyes this time, they’re focused on Cas’ lips, and Cas’ heart stutters in his chest. Dean unconsciously licks his lips; it’s so subtle, Cas isn’t even sure that
been going great, if Sam and Jess hadn’t been spending the last half hour teasing Dean about his new flour-spotted crush.
She smiles at him, more amused than anything, and nods. “I’m fine. And you’ll be fine. It’s all part of the process, that’s what I want you to remember.” He opens his mouth to respond, but before he can, she continues, “What I
over it. Sure, Washington deciding to step down and not run for president again is a bummer, but Chris Jackson makes Dean feel like he’s losing a best friend with the way he sings it.
“Dean,” Cas says, and the stress of the situation’s gotta be gettin’ to him, because he swears he feels Cas fucking tap him on the shoulder when he doesn’t respond. “Dean!”
she didn’t. There’s no way Dean’s that obvious; he’s just pissed off, he’s not fawning, there’s no fucking
might not be what Dean needs. He worries his lower lip between his teeth and keeps his eyes on Dean.
“Should I take my shoes off?” Castiel asks as they enter the house, and Sam chuckles, still trying to keep Rudy’s ridiculous energy at bay.
“Always do, my dear.” He grabs a glass and tips it over, looking more shocked than Cas thinks he should when he realizes it’s fake, too. Cas hears him mutter something about false advertising as he leans on the piano.
Dean’s teeth pull at the skin of his lower lip. “It’s stupid,” he says, but doesn’t elaborate. Cas waits a few more beats and is about to change the subject when Dean starts talking at the floor. “D’you remember when I told you about my mom?”
He needs a distraction. And, according to the host of a video titled “Best Cruise Tips and Tricks from the Nautical Pros,” a new suitcase.
The mansion is filled with men who are already four or five drinks deep, chatting, walking around, and stuffing their faces with the meager spread just off camera. A few are convinced that their seconds-long interaction with Lisa is a story they’ll both be telling their grandkids one day; some are trying to drown their nerves in alcohol; one or two are prepping for their confessional interviews.
“Fuck you, Sammy,” Dean says, even as he can feel the flush creeping up his neck and across his cheeks. “Just thought I'd do you guys a favor, make it a little easier for the bride and groom, but I see how it is.”
“We’re going down,” he says, “get ready.” They pound the pavement as they go, the shocks resonating up Cas’ legs as his sneaks smack against the downward slanting road. When he glances up at the Prudential again, he looks at Dean, who’s focused straight ahead, chewing determinedly on his lower lip to try and combat his exhaustion. “Hey,” he says, nudging Dean gently, just enough to get his attention. He didn’t want to be the cause of Dean tripping and eating shit in front of thousands of people; Dean would never forgive him. “We made it. We didn’t have to stop.”
And without a second thought, Dean drops. He, Sam, and Novak are in perfect sync right away, falling to their knees then their stomachs like they’re part of some jailbird dance recital. Dean’s chest heaves against the ground, dirt coming up in little puffs around his mouth as he tries to catch his breath. He closes his eyes and listens hard for Sam’s next directive.
Usually, Cas is embarrassed when he doesn’t know something people think he should, but in this case, it led to him and Dean having their first official date that doesn’t involve running.
Impulsively, Castiel closes his eyes and takes a few steps forward in the shower, holding his hands out to try and find his bottle of body wash. His fingers curl around the bottle quickly, and he flicks the top open and squirts some into his open palm. The familiar mint scent fills the air around him, and he lets out a sigh of relief before opening his eyes again.
Cas leans into the warmth of Dean’s body, comforted by Dean’s hand squeezing his shoulder. They stay that way, frozen for a few seconds, until Aiden’s dad glances down at the phone before walking over to hand it back to Cas.
Almost immediately after he knocks on the thick, white-painted door, a dog starts barking wildly from inside the house. Castiel straightens a little as he hears someone yelling for the dog to calm down; there’s a scuffling noise, and then the door finally opens.
The car bounces down a particularly bumpy patch of road before pulling to a stop just short of a grassy field, an enormous tree planted smack dab in the middle. Crowley and his lackey usher them out of the car and lead them a few yards away—probably to avoid getting their blood on the car, Dean realizes morosely. And what a shame that’d be, dirtying such a nice car. It almost makes him angrier than the fact that he and Sam are effectively facing their deaths, and that Dean won’t just die; he’ll be leaving Cas to do so as well.
Sam flips him off. It’s answer enough for Dean, and he leads the way back to camp, working hard to ignore the way he can feel Cas’ eyes following him the whole time.
Cas shakes his head, but looks at the picture again, trying to put together his thoughts. “We’re sitting close together,” he starts. “The sun’s hitting your sunglasses, but there’s no glare or anything. The grass actually looks really nice. Bright and full, and not prickly like it really is. The…” Cas laughs softly.
Castiel smiles down at his shoes at the stammering apology. “Thank you, Dean.” He pauses, and for a split second considers staying silent, but opts to tell Dean what’s on his mind, as well. “And just so you know,” he says slowly, “I didn’t agree with Sam about this.”
Sam catches Castiel’s eye and waves. Castiel waves back and smiles to himself at Sam’s proud face; he looks like he’s seeing his five-year-old off for the first day of school. Dean blinks sleepily and yawns as he makes it to the end of the path. His face suddenly contorts into something like annoyance, and he shouts over his shoulder, “Get outta here, Sam.”
Cas tilts his head curiously at the oncoming car, and goddamn it, it’s such a stupidly endearing little motion that it’s all Dean can do not to grab him by the cheeks and plant one on him right then and there.
“Dean,” Sam says with a sigh. He scrubs a hand over his mouth before focusing on his brother again. “Would you just try? Please? He came all the way out here--” Sam gestures toward Castiel, “--and now you’re acting like a baby. Just ta--”
He glances up to see who tagged Dean in the photo. Sam, Dean’s little brother. He’s also quite young, but still looks remarkably similar to the other boy in Dean’s drawing, and Cas sighs as he gets more and more proof that Dean’s sketch wasn’t just of some random family. He scrolls down a bit to read the caption under the photo.
"It is! Listen, man, once we get there, you'll know this fuckin' walk was worth it, okay? I'll bet you a dollar."
, Dean Winchester? And you—didn’t—tell—me?” Each word is punctuated with a smack of said gradebook against Dean’s shoulder. He grabs his sketchbook to try and block her, and when that doesn’t work, he tosses it aside and tries to swat her away.
Cas doesn’t know what to make of it, but he decides it’s easier to just follow along and figure it out as he goes.
“Christ,” Billie says with a laugh, raising her glass before taking a drink. “Lisa really did miss the boat with him, didn’t she?”
Cas smiles and nods, tilting Dean’s jaw toward him and giving him a kiss. “I wish I could’ve done this for you, though,” he says, tracing a finger along Dean’s inner thigh. Dean wraps his arm around Cas’ shoulders and kisses his temple, resting their heads together; Cas’ stomach does a happy little flip at his response.
He takes a deep breath, then sighs. “Max,” he says. “Don’t let our love story get washed away. -Lisa.”
"You're on," Cas says. But he doesn't need to bet on the walk being worth it; he knows that it already is.
After a few more stunned seconds, Dean throws his arm up into the air. “Yeah! Holy shit, yeah!” he shouts, and the crowd around him erupts in cheers. Cas smiles warmly at him, but Dean can tell the guy is still antsy over whether or not he’ll get picked, too.
She looks at him with wide, sad eyes. “I'm so sorry,” she says softly. “You're amazing. In every sense of the word, which I'm sure you know—” she smiles in an attempt to ease the onslaught of tension, “—but—”
The rest of the meal passes without incident and, much to Cas’ disappointment, without much of Dean, either. He tries to stay on top of their drink refills and food orders, but each time he stops by their table, he doesn’t have any time for small talk, and Cas can’t help but notice the blank look in his eyes and the hollowness of the smile he gives them.
Cas doesn’t think twice about dropping his plates and bowls in the sink without rinsing them first, leaving Dean to scrub and scrape off the dried food with more elbow grease than he puts into the fucking Impala.
Cas rolls his eyes, leaning back in his chair and taking a swig of his water. It’s no secret to his friends and the podcast audience that he doesn’t have the best relationship with most of his family, so seeing someone so dedicated to his own is one of the strongest aphrodisiacs Cas can think of.
Cas rolls his eyes and tosses the magazine back onto the table. “You say that as if my whole life up until this point has been something other than a massive fucking disappointment to them.”
Castiel slumps down onto the couch and presses the heels of his hands exasperatedly against his eyes. Dean had barely said two words to Castiel for the rest of the run; when they had arrived back at the Winchesters’, Dean had found his cane quickly and jerked his wrist out of the rope tethering him and Castiel, then marched up to the porch without so much as a glance back.
Cas’ cheeks go just the slightest shade of pink as he looks down at himself, then back up at Dean. “Thank you.” He smooths out the waistcoat against his chest, and Dean grins. “This is...very nice.”
, Dean’s now antsy to keep moving. He finds himself an out when Cas starts helping Sam clear away some brush, and he hops on it faster than flies on shit.
She laughs, and Dean is entranced by the way the moon shining in through the window catches on her hair, her smile, her skin. It makes her eyes sparkle, and he can’t look away. He takes another step forward and grabs her hands in his own, squeezing them gently.
Cas shakes his head, his confidence slowly, slowly building. “I can’t. It would be a betrayal of his trust. I’m sorry.”
“And here,” Dean says, walking up to the car and running his hand reverently across it, “here’s my baby.”
“Cas? Jesus Christ,” Dean mutters, dropping his own beer and thumping his fist against Cas’ back. “Hypothetical, pal, come on.” He waits for Cas to regain a bit of composure, sucking in deep breaths, before flashing him a small grin. “Ain’t no way any of us is having kids anytime soon, anyway, right?”
It’s bad enough that Gabe makes them stop at every single one, but as it gets closer to dinner, more and more people start filing through, which means there are more and more people to stare at them and laugh as they make fools out of themselves for some overpriced fucking pictures.
“Maybe later.” Alistair leans down and grips Winchester’s jaw hard between his fingers. “You’re going to be worth a pretty penny, Mr. Winchester,” he says, tilting Winchester’s face from left to right as the boy struggles against him. “I’m sure your friends across the River are dying to get you back. Literally.” He releases Winchester’s jaw, and Cas watches as those green eyes of Winchester’s widen, a bit of panic starting to well up in them.
He should just go back to bed, especially when there’s a sleepy and adorable boyfriend waiting for him, but habit has Cas checking his phone to see what time it is, and how much longer he has to sleep until his alarm goes off later on.
“Jesus, what is it with you Novaks and personal space?” he mutters, scrubbing a hand down his face. When he drops his hand, he catches Cas looking at him again, something oddly resembling concern on his face. Dean’s about to comment on it, but before he can, Gabriel interrupts.
Eyes closed, Cas rests his hands on Dean’s thighs, reveling in the way their lips feel pressed together, and he momentarily forgets that they’re in the studio in front of his friends, being recorded, soon to be in front of thousands of listeners, as well.
“Hello?” His voice is rough and breathless, and he sucks in air through his nose to try and even out his breathing as he waits for the response.
know about Gabriel’s plans, and I’m not interested in selling you and your brother out to the highest bidder.” He doesn’t blink when he adds, “Don’t question my loyalty. Not again, not ever.”
They spend a few minutes walking around mile nineteen, but then Cas realizes where they are in the race.
One: He’s not easily coerced into things when he’s drunk. Two: He doesn’t do shorts. Three: He doesn’t dance.
“I’ll make you some waffles when we’re done,” Cas says teasingly. “Waffles and bacon and sausage and home fries.”
The couple in the seats behind him get up and exit the train at the next stop, and Cas glances back over his shoulder before switching over to the
The man looks at him, unamused, but before Cas can say anything else—or even demand who the hell this guy is—Gabe intervenes. “‘Course he’s with the ship!” he says, wrenching Cas’ bag out of his grip and shoving it towards the man. He reaches out and shakes the dude’s hand, as well, and Cas doesn’t miss the green flash of bills exchanging hands as he does so. He watches helplessly as the man hauls his bag toward the massive pile of luggage, tossing it into the heap without a second thought.
. Fumbling with the keys until he finds the right one, he clears his throat. “Novak,” he says sharply, careful to keep his gaze low and his voice lower as he unlocks the cell door. “Up and at ‘em.”
“It’s something for work. Can you come down here on your next day off? I’ll tell you about it then.”
Castiel’s stomach twists into knots, and he wonders if he’s going to be sick as he gapes at Michael. “They left their children unattended,” he tries. “That’s--”
Dean gapes at him before scooting around so that his back is toward Cas. “Wow. Thanks, Cas. I see how it is. Blind guy pours his soul out to you, and you tell him his favorite comic series--the one that he can’t goddamn
Cas leans forward; it’s a little late, but he returns Dean’s kiss, and his heart surges when he feels Dean kiss him back. A few seconds pass and they pull apart, Cas’ hands cupped around Dean’s frigid cheeks.
Which is why he’s not at all ready when he feels Cas edge closer to him and bring his mouth close to his ear. “So I guess that makes you the trash of the thing,” he says, slow and loud to make sure Dean can hear him over the cheering now that Lin’s special guest has come out to stand next to him.
Dean doesn’t break eye contact as he pushes his chair away from the table and gets to his feet. He’s trying so hard to look pissed off, but Cas doesn’t miss the way he can’t stop his lips from quirking up every so often as he heads for the door.
Cas turns his attention back to his book. He's just about absorbed into the story when the boy—Dean—breaks the silence in the hall again.
, Cas mouths. Billie winks at him, Hannah and Charlie both smiling, and Cas rubs his palms against his thighs as Billie launches into the latest scandal that went down on
Although he’s relieved at the fact that Dean doesn’t hate him, he can’t stop the sting of disappointment as Dean’s words sink in. Dean doesn’t hate him, but it doesn’t seem like he can do much to act on those feelings, either.
