John sat forward in his chair. “A hundred pounds for a DVD player?”
Sherlock smiled. “Exactly.”
“Great… We’ll-“
“Without him, we wouldn’t have been selected as subjects at all.”
Sherlock’s face betrayed no reaction. “Didn’t you?”
They turned. God, John thought, she was just a kid. Then he wondered when mid-twenties began qualifying as a kid. Christ, he was getting old.
“Chris,” he mumbled. To John’s eye, their client seemed the quintessential average bloke, if a bit on the posh side. Dark, graying hair, White, jeans and jacket over a t-shirt. Apart from the anxiety clearly twisting him up, John couldn’t find anything remarkable about him. Sherlock, undoubtedly, had uncovered more.
Sherlock could smell Speedy’s before they rounded the corner, a distinctive combination of tomato sauce, coffee, and shellfish. They awkwardly let go of each other when they got to the door, as John fumbled with the keys. He had a strange impulse to hold the door for Sherlock, but thought better of it. Then they were inside, and in an instant, they were kissing.
be long.” He clattered briskly down the narrow staircase leading to the living room.
John wished the files had beaten them to the flat, but of course they hadn’t. Him and Sherlock were left waiting, and that meant talking.
*****
“I’ll believe what has evidence to support it.”
“Sherlock, just stop!” John walked quickly into the living room, grateful to escape the range of transmission. He turned and saw Sherlock still standing at the base of the stairs.
John stumbled backward. It finally dawned at him that if he really was hearing Sherlock’s thoughts- and he must have been, there was no other way he could’ve identified the watch- then it was a gross violation of privacy. He’d never thought of Sherlock as someone who needed privacy. He never respected anyone else’s, after all. But John wasn’t supposed to have heard what he did.
Sherlock paused as he reached for the handles of a drawer. His back was to John, but he didn’t need to see Sherlock’s expression to recognize his tell of surprise. Sherlock reanimated after only a moment. He plucked out the first garment his hand landed on- briefs- then did the same for the next drawer, and the next, until he had tossed a complete outfit onto John’s bed. “Get dressed. Quickly. Client should be arriving any moment.”
“Why you’d want an escape.”
Sherlock flicked away that suggestion with his hand. “The range of the transmission can’t reach the other side of this room, let alone their laboratories.” Held pressed his palms together and rested his fingertips on his lips. “Proof of concept,” he said, sitting up. “They knew of our connections to Mycroft. They knew we’d come back, if it worked. And if they never hear from us again, they assume it didn’t work.”
“Tell us why you’re here, Mr. Eccles,” Sherlock prompted.
- stepped back again, heard nothing. It seemed he needed to be about arm’s-length from Sherlock.
“Laying it on a bit
“You were really going to take a bullet for me,” John said.
Lestrade’s brow furrowed as he stared back. “John, is everything alright with you two?”
wasn’t quite right.”
John opened his eyes and saw Sherlock standing just beside his bed, sharply dressed and with impatience wrinkling his face. John had often fantasized about waking up to find Sherlock next to him- but not like this.
“Garcia was wrong, then,” John said. “We don’t have any leads.”
He didn’t have to wonder any more. He knew Sherlock reciprocated. But he still couldn’t say it. Because Sherlock still wasn’t admitting it, still wasn’t acting on it, still holding John at a distance, and John couldn’t understand why.
“You said earlier you thought it was murder,” he said, trying to get Sherlock to keep talking.
“No. But the computer’s a dead end regardless.”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows dubiously.
“Alex Garcia,” Lestrade announced as John and Sherlock approached. “Forty-eight. Shot twice in the chest around 12:30 last night.” He passed a file to Sherlock. “Any point asking how you already knew his name?”
John called it.
“Well, until you give us another angle on this, we’re going to work with what we have.”
“I don’t know what you two creeps are playing at,” she started.
*****
“Yeah. Yeah, it’d be hit. Depends- do you suppose they’ll let me keep updating the blog from prison?”
Without Sherlock’s frenetic presence, the room felt drowsy once more. John stretched the stiffness out of his muscles and dragged the jumper on over his head. He caught a subtle movement out of the corner of his eye: steam curling up from a mug on the bedside table. Sherlock must have brought it up for him.
“Lucky we haven’t had rain,” John improvised.
“Because you haven’t done anything to apologize for,” John explained tiredly.
But how Sherlock felt about him was still indecipherable. In Dartmoor, Sherlock had confessed that John was his friend. He said it like that, a
“Take a shower, will you?” John finally snapped.
“Oh!” Lestrade looked over at Sherlock and then back to John. “Alright, then.”
“No, Baskerville denied me that opportunity.”
“Tell me what I’ve done wrong.”
“Yeah, and we’re talking, sharing old stories, the glory days, you know. Until he says, ‘my God, look at the time,’ tells me I ought to stay the night.”
John gave Sherlock a guilty look. “Ah, not yet, no.”
“What…?”
Sherlock rose and crossed the room for his laptop, and as he passed, John heard:
John dropped the mattress to watch Sherlock rip a USB off the underside of the desktop.
John picked up a file folder and fanned out the paper within. “We should start with the banking records, yeah?”
“Not enough evidence for a warrant. We’ll just be looking for something to point the investigation her way. She goes out each day around 8:30 and doesn’t return until the afternoon.”
“Couldn’t they have just tested it out themselves?”
“It’s… not that.”
Sherlock didn’t flinch. “I’ve angered you.”
“When did you meet him to fix it?” Sherlock asked.
John’s felt a burning in his cheeks. He looked up, and Sherlock’s cheeks were tinged with pink. He was overcome by a terrible fear, a paralyzing, heart-thumping fear, worse than when Burnet had them at gunpoint.
“Can’t you deduce it?” John struggled to breathe normally, trying to ground himself in his own certainty rather than Sherlock’s rising panic.
As he passed Sherlock, a violin sounded, clear and bright, then fell silent again. John turned to study him; he still hadn’t moved. “Composing?”
Their heads knocked against each other and they both erupted again.
“Yes, but if she knows we’re on to her, she can wipe everything in minutes. Without the murder weapon or the blackmail material, she has a good chance of getting- aha!”
“Well it’s not as if they cracked us open and operated on our brains. I think we’d have spotted that already.”
John watched, considering. He knew better than to interrupt Sherlock while he was composing. But he also knew that he composed to work something out- not for a case, not a puzzle, but something internal, emotional. And maybe… “Are you thinking about Irene?”
“Damn! I was thinking of branching out.”
“What? No- that’s not- what?” John stammered.
“Because I know things got… intense at Baskerville.”
“Brilliant!” John said, and he did mean it. “It’s-“ he pointed at Sherlock as he widened his eyes at Lestrade- “I mean, amazing, isn’t it?”
“Can’t be. The fog would have impacted us both similarly, but we’re experiencing different phenomena. Besides, this is much too complex to be chemical.”
Sherlock straightened up again, beaming.
John felt Sherlock’s attention snap onto him, heard Sherlock rapidly considering possible somethings. It was almost an out-of-body experience, as he felt Sherlock scrutinizing him and felt himself being scrutinized. It was hard to follow, until the thoughts jolted to
“It seems we’ve become the next of Baskerville’s unwilling test subjects,” Sherlock announced after a few minutes.
“No! No, I submitted the videos to anti-trafficking organizations. Anonymously, of course. And once I had enough cash to get away from- to get out of trouble, I started donating what I could. I’ve got a job, for fuck’s sake! I live off that!”
“Possibly. Regardless, the question becomes: where is the drive she’s using?”
John imagined Sherlock placing his hands on John’s waist, the two of them stepping gracefully into a dance, as a trill of notes on a violin played…
Sherlock smiled- correct answer. “And Garcia knew that was how to find him. So let’s stop looking for information we don’t have and follow what we do.”
“Alright,” John said, lifting his hands over his head. “Alright, we don’t want anyone getting hurt. I’m getting my gun now to put it on the floor. I’m setting it down. There-“
I’ll be downstairs.
“Yeah. Absolutely.” John didn’t say “because I love you too.” He should have. Maybe he would’ve, if he could look Sherlock in the eye. But as it was, he couldn’t manage it.
Sherlock hummed. He didn’t speak, but John followed his train of thought:
“No,” Sherlock said. Then, curiously, “Should I be?”
He wondered what Sherlock was thinking, how he could shut out the world for hours. Any other night, he would have waved that wonder away. He’s Sherlock- who the hell knew what went on in that head. He was miles away, figuratively.
“Forget it.” He watched Sherlock crouch to look closer at something on the ground. Then he realized how close Lestrade was standing to him. He searched Lestrade’s face, listening hard, but the only thoughts that came to him were his own.
Sherlock thought that if they both sucked their abdominals in, he could wriggle an arm free and undo the knot. But he wanted to give Burnet a sporting thirty minute head start.
“The killer?”
John kept his eyes out of the window, trying to deduce anything at all about the people and cars and buildings they whizzed past, just to block out Sherlock’s thoughts. But it wasn’t working, and every moment he spent eavesdropping without telling Sherlock he could hear it felt like a betrayal of trust.
“So… that drive hasn’t been used enough to be where she keeps her blackmail material.” A smile pulled at the corner of John’s mouth. “It’s a decoy?”
“Good lord, John, you’d be an abysmal blackmailer.”
Sherlock sat at the desk, giving the computer a stern stare. “Seventy-five percent sure,” he answered, without looking up.
Eccles shrugged. “He’s rich, figured he didn’t know how much a new one costs. I wasn’t about to argue.”
“I am not the police,” Sherlock answered coolly, “nor am I a lawyer. I will see to it that you serve no time for a crime which you have not committed.”
“Yes? And?”
“Great… why, what are we doing tomorrow?”
Lestrade sighed as he rubbed his temple. “Get out of my office before you say something to jeopardize the whole investigation.”
Sherlock wrinkled his nose. “Start at the beginning, please. How were you and Garcia acquainted?”
“We’ll see if the coroner’s report turns up any surprises.”
“Well…” Sherlock’s head rocked to the side. “I’m not saying it wouldn’t be popular.”
“Now!” Burnet barked.
“Then you do it wrong.” He jerked his head away, trying to wrestle down his temper.
“This is how I do it.”
“Is that makeup?”
“Nothing, Sherlock. It’s just that-“ He bit his lip. “I don’t understand you. Even hearing everything in your head. I just don’t understand you.”
John blinked up at Sherlock. He’d entirely forgotten he was supposed to be doing his own analysis. “Ah…” He quickly glanced over the photo again. “Looks to be in good health, apart from the bullet holes. Looks like one might have struck a subclavian artery, but it’s hard to say from a photo. Probably died within a few minutes of blood loss.”
Burnet sat them back-to-back and tied them roughly together with an extension cord. She confiscated the USBs from Sherlock, slung a packed back over her shoulder, and left them there, locking the door behind her.
“You’re just like them,” Burnet whispered, her face contorted with malice, and suddenly John had no trouble believing she was capable of murder.
“I’ll make us tea for while we’re working,” John said, and he quickly walked to the kitchen. He’d gone out of range to hear Sherlock’s thoughts, but nevertheless he felt his eyes following him.
Satisfied that John was awake, Sherlock turned on his heel and crossed the short distance to John’s chest of drawers.
John brought the papers to Sherlock. “Look.”
John pursed his lips and glanced around the room. Sherlock hadn’t twitched a muscle when Mrs. Hudson came in. Would he even notice, if John walked right up to him? If he didn’t notice, did that make it worse?
“You wouldn’t believe me,” he said to Sherlock’s back.
He stepped closer as he tried, and failed, to come up with a legitimate reason to talk to her. “You know… clues?”
exactly, but the belongings seemed at odds with the dodgy real estate. John was reminded of a bird’s nest he’d once seen in a rain gutter, with a gleaming silver tie pin nestled in amongst the twigs and plastic straws.
“Excellent reasoning, Detective Inspector, and entirely incorrect.” Sherlock focused down on the file in his hand, which contained photos of the body before it had been removed from the scene. John stepped closer to look at them.
“What? Yeah.”
high places,” John added.
“-I want to assure you that I value our partnership a great deal, and if you would be so kind as to enlighten me as to my mistake, I-“
“He has a gun?”
John’s tongue stuck to the roof of his mouth. Sherlock knew he’d heard it.
“Why’s that?”
John swallowed his disappointment. “What should I do until you’re back, then?”
“He could’ve bought them second hand,” Lestrade said, sounding a world away.
Sherlock grinned.
So he made it. He found Sherlock’s hand with his own, interlaced their fingers. “What can you deduce from this, then?”
“You do that,” Sherlock said, and hung up.
“The Yard had already brought the case to us.”
that made John laugh and chased away the last of his insecurities, even as he felt Sherlock spinning into relief and joy and terror. “I’m- I was wrong. There are things I don’t want you to overhear.”
John didn’t know who had started it, how they had gotten into the embrace, but it didn’t matter. Sherlock was warm and solid, and it was strange to have to tip his head back to kiss him. John pushed him back into the wall of the hall, and Sherlock pushed back against him, returning John’s roughness.
“Victims!” She took a step forward and adjusted her grip on the gun. “They’re hardly victims. You don’t know what they’ve done.”
The client turned in his seat and gave John a relieved look. “There you are!” he gasped.
It was pretty- all of Sherlock’s compositions were- and almost familiar. But the music seemed to scrape at John. He felt like one of the strings, pulled taught, vibrating fast.
“Oh. Yes.” Sherlock’s face soured. “There isn’t much for us to do until tomorrow, I suppose.”
“Alright, put- put that gun the floor.” In spite of the stammer, Burnet’s voice still came out hard and determined.
John pursed his lips.
“She needs them alive, it’s the only way she’ll get at their money. All the same, have a look around for that gun. With any luck, she won’t have tossed it.” He turned back to the computer and glowered at it. He gripped both sides of the monitor, as though to intimidate it. “But
“You found this just lying on the pavement by the crime scene?” Lestrade looked up from the Swiss bank statement to fix them with a dubious stare.
Sherlock insisted) and borrowing Dr. Stapleton’s microscope to examine the sugar.
“But if I… you can’t tell the police what I say?”
“Facebook?” Sherlock repeated with distaste.
“I suppose it slipped out of our killer’s bag on her way out,” Sherlock said.
John turned and watched Sherlock, perfect in his stillness. His pale skin reflected the changing colors from the telly. It was reassuring just to look at his flatmate, and to think of the strange life they had built together.
Burnet’s footsteps rushed toward them, then backed up. “Turn around.”
John stood and stretched lazily, a performance for no one, and walked to the window.
It was hardly an intimate position, there on the floor, but all the same, John savored the feeling of Sherlock at his back, solid and warm. He leaned into it, and felt a curl brush the nape of his neck. He wouldn’t have minded staying there a while.
“Oh,” John said, hating himself for taking so long to work it out. “I know… how you feel, but you don’t know how I feel.”
” he said, holding up the decoy, “contains some kind of malware. Hm! She is clever.” He tucked both into his pocket. “Well, we’ve got what we need for the Yard. You see, John, although my methods can carry some amount of risk, you'll find-"
John said pointedly.
Sherlock sat in his black chair with his eyes closed, and remained that way. Mrs. Hudson came up with dinner, and she gossiped with John as they ate and watched telly. After she’d gone down to bed, John tried to keep watching. But something in the meaningless program, and the beer, and maybe Sherlock’s absence for a few days, combined into a squirming memory of sitting in the bedsit he’d stayed in before meeting Sherlock. Waiting for something to happen to him.
Sherlock opened his laptop and started typing. “We need to establish a timeline. Everything we did in Baskerville, every room we entered, every person we spoke to, every substance we touched…”
“Fan of the blog?” John asked.
“Oh, I told them email was perhaps not the best method of communication if they were concerned about confidentiality. They’ll be on their way. Once we have their story, we’ll be joining Lestrade at the site of the murder. So!” He tapped his fingers on the pile of John’s clothes.
Sherlock thought.
“Not…” John held out his hand, but decided it wasn’t worth the effort to try and disabuse Lestrade of whatever assumption he’d just made. He shook his head and walked toward Sherlock, who was now standing around the corner of a building and poking his head into the alleyway. He frowned, glanced up at a fire escape, and shook his head sharply.
“Oh honey, I get it. I’m so glad that Irene finally introduced you to me. Stick with me and no one’s going to harass you I promise.” Lisa said cloyingly sweet and patronizing.
I'M BACK FINALLY!
Hemish got up and opened a drawer " I dug it out and started to really look at the sari. And that's where I found this" He laid out a beautiful black sari with a golden border on the floor. When the sari was laid out, a small amount of mud spread out on the tiled floor. Shanaya and Jameela bent down and examined the border. Shanaya frowned as Jameela reared back in astonishment.
Watson had reached the Falls just as they had fallen over the cliff. He watched in horror as the last sight of his Holmes was to defeat their worst enemy , only to sacrifice his life to do so.
“True.  But he’s not all that bad. He did tell me that Adam was going to break up with me for Jennie, so I should dump his cheating arse first.  Plus… his face”.
“Arey, the same. After graduation, my father in law got me a job at a government hospital and I’ve been there since. Nothing exciting. Nothing like you. I mean come on, you were in Kashmir. You must have seen some action ha?” He laughed and clapped her back.
John thought sympathetically for the first year kid who had no idea what he was about to face.
"Well, she said enemy". Jameela said with a slight disbelief.
The mother bristled “It’s a formal ceremony! It’s her-
Jameela struggled to reply, astonished and somehow intrigued at the shopkeeper as she looked at Maanav “Did you tell her –
Shanaya smiled a little as she dashed off a quick reply to the person, giving them the address.
But you are invested and interested. You’re not that lucky to meet two people like
The trunk was finally open . Jameela quickly grabbed her bag and dragged her trunk out by the handle on the side .
Maybe, just maybe.
"She's with me. Dr Jameela Watwe , Hemish Choudhary". Shanaya made quick introductions and strode into the living room.
John rolled his eyes “If Murray told you that, he’s an idiot and was almost blind drunk last night, so don’t believe him.”
" Two months ago, a sari arrived in a string tied brown package for Elisha. It had a Pakistani stamp on it. I thought it was something she had bought for herself for a family wedding from an online store so I put in our bedroom. When Elisha came home from work, I mentioned the package of the sari and her face went pale so fast I thought she'd faint. She ran into the room and threw it outside as if it was poisonous and set it on fire. I shouted and tried to stop it but she held my arm and begged me not to, I was unhappy but I agreed and helped her bury the burned scraps in the back garden."
Jameela is a bit tricky for me - I was vacillating between Parineeti Chopra-https://goo.gl/images/TnmV6L
Border?.. As in a for a sari?
“How’s the mingling going?” A voice said from behind her.
Unless… there is something that I did…have? Something that might need me to stay?
"What are you looking for ?" Shanaya demanded.
My former husband and I hated each other. We didn’t like or tolerate each other even, as is for most of arranged marriages. Plus he was a “traditional”, read sexist dick.
Mr. Dhandania spluttered “Oh I’m sorry ma’am – I didn’t realize-“
“The sunglasses” John scowled.
Can I come in?
Jameela’s eyes flared a bit “My sister is none of your business ”.
Thankfully at that time, a huge light came from the left. “Um, I’ll take this bus.” John said hurriedly. Sherlock opened his mouth to say something but John interrupted, really not wanting to take another…just no. “Thanks…Sherlock.” He smiled forcedly at him and almost ran onto the bus, leaving behind a bewildered and slightly sad looking Chemistry genius.
Jameela wasn’t sure if she should have come on her own for this. Maybe Maanav could have served as a good buffer between her and Shanaya. Her annoying little – thing for the mysterious cheekbone lady was going to be a problem. Jameela thought a little frustrated.
. You have come far Captain Watwe Though apparently not far enough”.
“No, not really my area” Sherlock said absently looking to the right.
“How did it go? I don’t remember anything after Soho”. John put the pan under the tap, as he filled up a glass.
Every turn she took , both literally and metaphorically, was filled with surprises since she met Shanaya Hardikar.
"Oh yes! My name is Mrs Hanglem. I am the landlady here" The lady exclaimed. She grabbed her keys from the side table presumably and grabbed hold of Jameela's trunk. Jameela tried to protest but the scarily sturdy lady picked it up like it was a sack of onions and briskly walked up the stairs, chattering away, leaving an impressed and bemused Jameela to follow her up.
As Jameela was picking up the bag with the sari in it, Maanav came back with a bag of medicines. “ Oh that was quick. You got everything you needed Jameela?”
“How are you going to be a hotshot rugby player if you’re not taking advantage of it?"
“What’d he do to you?” John asked
Their first meeting, the first of many, they were two lonely men who met in a hospital. He enchanted him with his shining brilliance and cured a damaged man’s malaise and loneliness.
All of a sudden, a woman flounces down next to her. She is tall, slim with green eyes and high cheekbones. Dressed in a purple shirt and jeans, she has an irritated expression on her face.
That fateful day, the case the public knew as The Sign of the Four. Ms Morstan found out her treasure was lost forever, Holmes lost his treasure too.
“So, are you staying in Salunke now?” Maanav walked with her as Jameela picked up a carton of Tomato juice and put it in her basket.
John wakes up suddenly,sweating and shivering. She has two blankets around her in the sweltering heat of May. She struggles to catch her breath as she feels her pulse hammering away.
Murray was protesting “Lisa I don’t know. What is this?”
“Damn it Watson. I really thought tonight was the night I was going to beat your ass. Needed it too”. Sally said good humouredly as she chucked over a five pound note towards him.
John nods and lets SHERLOCK in. They sit down in the dining room. SHERLOCK looks around.
As Maanav left her to Nana’s place, Jameela hadn’t stopped thinking about the mysterious genius lady who had figured her entire life out in minutes. Not even that, seconds! Just one look at her she knew everything! Jameela smiled and laughed to herself at her mental gushing over the mysterious genius.
“Here’s the drink madam”. The waiter said interrupting her thoughts.
“Jameela! Jameela Watwe? It’s me!  How have you been? How was Kashmir?”
^^^^^^^^^
“Ye-es” Shanaya drawled.
That woman had been danger. The smell of politics, control, manipulation and agendas was emanating from her. She wielded power and tried to use it to whether intimidate her or persuade her , she doesn't quite know.
Jameela drummed her fingers on her thighs as the car waded itself through traffic. Driving through Indian traffic was a pain anyway, but Sundays were especially punishing as everyone either was on their way out with their families or coming back from somewhere where they spent a short weekend.
“Mary. Where’s Mrs Norbury?” Sherlock whispered urgently.
Fuck I completely forgot to add translation-
He waited for the anger and grief to rise up. Nothing.
“What is your connection to Shanaya Hardikar?”
“Hell yes-” Lisa said but was cut short as John tackled her onto the ground. Lisa tried to turn and clawed at him but he held her wrists firmly at her back.
Jameela flushed involuntarily “ I don’t see how it’s any of your business”.
Shanaya stared at the material and sighed.
“No not really. Met a couple of the old instructors. That was …a pleasant and not mortifying experience.” Jameela joked, trying to lighten the awkwardness that had settled in.
"She said that she had had some questionable associations in her life, which she had left firmly behind but she was not personally ashamed of anything, nor she had any reason to be. But she asked me, that I shouldn't press her to divulge anything about her past. For my own safety, she insisted and if that wasn't okay I could "bow out"- those words exactly, and she could go back to the lonely life she led before she met me".
“The building manager was coming upstairs. We didn’t have a choice. It was a split second decision.” Sally cried.
Jameela rose up , ignoring Mrs Hanglem who was still chattering away at her friend's latest affair and stared right back at her.
“Oh ha ha sab theek lagta hain”. He murmured and took another cursory look at the second page. He offered her a reassuring smile at Shanaya who was busy trying not to roll her eyes at the unnecessary placating.
Sally’s face darkened “If I find him, I’m going to rip his co-
“ I haven’t even mentioned a figure”.
Ghazia didn’t blink an eye at her rudeness and said serenely “Coz its fun. We have a bet going in the shop of how many mothers are going to organize a protest against you. You should just let them buy the damn sari they want”.
But what was not good was the anxiety attack that had hit her after nearly five years without an incident.
She turned her back to Maanav and the woman and said “Jammu or Kashmir?”
“Which one?” Murray slurred good naturedly.”Hah! Trick question, I don’t have one… or the other”. Murray said as he thumped his glass on the table.
Fuck. Is everything gorgeous about her?
“Captain Dr Jameela Watwe, AFMC. The Grenadiers. Jabalpur MP.  Uri, Kashmir.”
Not kidding.
Jameela thanked him and took the drink to shuffle off into the crowd.
“Sherlock about-” They spoke in unison.
Whoever had stolen his father’s watch was welcome to keep it.
Jameela looked at the tall curly haired woman with strong cheekbones and a jaw that could cut glass and took out her phone “You can use mine” offering it to her.
And what the hell did she mean by dangerous and not
" How did he come by this sari in the first place?"
Jameela turned to see the inscription
Just a feeling of sadness and resignation- the feeling when you remember a good memory which was tarnished by more recent events.
It had been three months since she had returned to her home town and after three months of waiting, she had finally been handed her sentence from the Indian Army.
“Those bitches are no different. Strutting around like men, no decency at all. They deserved that”.
Kashmir was never fun or a tourist spot. It was pain, blood, fear and heartbreak.
JOHN’s eyes filled with tears and fell on her face. A blinding smile grew on her face. She reached out to SHERLOCK’s trembling hand and held it to her heart. Their foreheads touched as they both cried.
Half an hour later, Greg, John and Sally stood in the coach’s office.
“Um, the blouse and fall please” Jameela said a little curtly trying to get a hold of her composure.
What factors?
Coming, coming
"Oh Gods, yes"
She sits on a bench and removes her sandwiches from the box and begins to nibble on them with no real enthusiasm.
The backroom was a little bigger than she first thought it would be. It was the length and breadth of Nani’s kitchen in the flat where she was now occupying. There were two tables at the end of the room with two fancy looking sewing machines on it. Looking around, she saw cupboards looking like they’re going to pop open with some of the fabric peeking outside .
Shanaya looked at her intently “I saw your military service in your stance and your hairstyle. Tight bun with pins . But your conversation as you entered the room with Maanav about the clinic. So , army doctor then. Your face is also slightly fairer than your wrists so you haven’t been abroad on holiday so you were serving up north. Your clothes seem to hang off you a bit , so possible lengthy stay in hospital. When you gave me your phone, your hands shook a little bit. But there were no scars on your wrist or hands so psychosomatic tremble probably. That meant that you were injured and the circumstances were deeply traumatic . So wounded in action and hence invalided home.  Hence, Jammu or Kashmir.” Shanaya finished in one breath, looking both triumphant but also a sense of slight fear and nervousness started creeping up on her face as she started to walk towards the doctor.
“I get it. Bart’s can be overwhelming. So, let’s see what you got. We’ll start off with running up the pitch”. John nodded as he removed his jacket. As he removed his cleats from his bag, unnoticed to him a crumpled up poster size paper fell out. As it slipped down the stands into the muddy and wet ground below, John got up, stretched himself and jogged his way to the other end of the pitch.
“There will be a car coming in five minutes to your location Dr Watwe. Get in the car”. A computerized voice said from the phone.
"This is more ... active and definitely more dangerous. I don't quite know if this is your thing" Shanaya said haughtily , Jameela spluttered indignantly at the pompous woman as she tried to formulate a response but Shanaya had already opened the door and stepped out.
Mary crumpled to the ground and her blood started to seep through the floor as John fixed his gun at Moriarty.
He placed his head on the wall, breathing in and out. Every time Harry called him, it always ended like this. Fighting, insults, a periodic reminder of James Sholto like the ring around his neck wasn’t enough.
Jameela stared at the message for ten seconds as a smile grew on her face.  She grabbed her duffel bag and slung it on the shoulder. She dragged her trunk with her other hand and closed the door with a sharp thud as she marched on to her new life waiting for her a few short kilometers away.
He didn’t even go near the Sholto house those two months of packing.
Two days later, Shanaya was arguing with a hapless looking delivery boy outside her shop who was being barraged with a dictionary worth of synonyms for “idiot”.
Dr Watwe had been discharged due to injury. She’d been in the Army for a long time, multiple years- 6? 10? Need further data. But clearly, not a voluntary discharge since the amount of years in service denotes she was relatively happy there.
SHERLOCK and John laughed through their tears. Their lips met in a tender kiss as the rain raged out below.
"Oh God Yes"
I meant what I said before. About love. But then I met you. You impossible woman who laughed at my jokes. Who said brilliant when others would have abused me. Brave and kind. You understood what it was like to take that leap over the edge and fall to the ground. My conductor of light.
The gate creaked open as she strode inside, Jameela walking fast behind her to catch up to Her Absurd Tallness and Long Legs.
After a minute of breathing, Shanaya started counting her pulse. 70. Good.
“Nice cool night isn’t it? For a walk.”
They lived together. They ate together. They fought together. It was always the two of them against the rest of the world.
“Sherlock. Believe me, I am interested. Very interested.” John smiled a rare happy smile as Sherlock looked up, his own face lighting up with a blooming smile.
“Oh yes they were! Watson you’re cute and have the face of a really hot lesbian and believe me I was really into that for a hot second, but honestly orange rimmed with dirty blond hair? Absolutely not. You should have gone classic black.” Sally said as she pulled up a chair.
"What?" Shanaya said with a hint of a challenge waiting to be answered.
“Harry this is not the time”.
Shanaya looked up at her “Are – you sure?”
Shanaya’s smile didn’t fade but it seemed to dim a bit as she cleared her throat “Oh yes, of course it’s here.” She turned around to open a cupboard and rummaged through it.
Fuck Marichika for bribing everyone in two kilometers not to give her any cigarettes, Shanaya cursed her sister silently.
“Yeah. I was actually on my way to buy a suit for it before I saw you”. Maanav said.
“Thanks Lisa” Sherlock looked at her shyly from between his eyelashes “I’m so lucky to have friends like you”. John was about to roll his eyes at the obvious manipulation but he stopped himself.
“Jaysus. Any ideas as to who could have done this?” Coach Perry asked.
Her eldest daughter then, going by the tall plaited teenage girl smiling with dagger eyes at the camera. Balance of probability favouring dislike of the pretense and hypocrisy of the obviously fractured family unit.
“All in.” John shoved his chips in the centre.
The woman ignored her and kept typing until a few seconds later, it seemed to occur to her about politeness “Hello”.
Shanaya's mind spun round and round wildly, at the three words that she had hoped, yet disbelieved its chances of something like this ever becoming reality. The soldier sat with a barely restrained eagerness she saw in herself, as they anticipated a mystery chock-filled with danger and adventure.
“Someone fucking stole my England v Scotland passes!” John roared. “I’m going to rip his head off”
Sherlock looked at him sharply “I know its fine”.
about your sister’s… relationship status?”
EEEEEEE! Damn 4 chapters already. There used to be days I couldn't reach 500 without getting bored as fuck.
Greg’s shoulders slumped in obvious relief “Wouldn’t dream of it. Coach, I might have a solution”.
"How long?"
Oh great now she’s deducing her own damn roof.
“Oh my God, yeah. His one last hurrah before he got married. Drinking, bursting firecrackers and an ill-advised hook up”. Jameela gave a half smile at Maanav as they reminisced.
When they reached the bus stop, the bus was still ten minutes away. John and Sherlock settled onto the plastic seats uncomfortably, but cosy in each other’s company.
The woman who could deduce her entire life with her body and clothes
Parakram Padak- Wound Medal. Indian military award served to people in all governmental organizations including the military in case of injuries sustained as a result of direct enemy action in any type of operations.
twice in a lifetime.
So this is their first case together. But as I've always observed, its about them and less about the cases. So they'll be plenty of mystery but more love and angst and pining for us all.
After a beat of awkward silence, Maanav persevered on as they walked together into the supermarket.
I was..busy.
John smiled but with a tinge of sadness to it.
“Act of charity you can say”
“I don’t know…Oh there she is.” Lisa pointed to the stage.
Hi guys!
“Are you making sausages again?” Mike yawned as he walked into the communal kitchen of the second floor of Charterhouse Square and flopped down on the table, groaning softly.
“He’s driving me nuts. Called me up at 2 am last night yelling about a breakthrough. And then called me again during rugby practice ranting about ‘idiot cleaners washing the evidence away’. I need a break.” Greg groaned.
Just look at her I mean *heart eyes*-
“John” Sherlock raised a hand “I should apologize. When you talked about being unattached- I thought you were asking me out. It was my mistake and I made things awkward”.
“Sally, it’s a good thing isn’t it? That you found out now rather than later? I think it’s time.” John said cautiously
“Mary. Whatever she’s making you do. I can help. He’s on his-
“Actually, could you do two stops?”
Shanaya threw some money at him and walked out towards the big townhouse with ivy and creeper plants adorning the walls of the house. Shanaya pressed the bell twice and waited as she rocked back and forth on her heels rapidly.
She was interesting. Highly intelligent and very charismatic.We had fun together. But then one day I came home from seeing her and I found my parents in the living room with Victor. They told me they knew about Irene and me.
“Oh, get over it”. Sally scoffed “We have a fucking bigger problem”.
“Third night in a row John. You lucky fuck.” Murray and Mike said with no heat.
“The Italian restaurant sounds nice” John whispered.
John’s washer beeps as it finished its cycle. John jumped down and started loading his clothes in the dryer above. “Ladies” He smiled charmingly. The girls smiled back but showed no real interest as he pressed the necessary buttons and climbed back onto the sill and resumed reading.
“Yeah I know I got a bit fat. Anyway where have you been? Last I heard you were in Kashmir getting shot at from both sides”.  Maanav said jovially.
That..wasn’t quite what I meant. But I’m glad it worked out.
But she warned, as they would come back- so would their enemies.
“Haha. Same old Jameela. Always know where the fun happens”. Aniket guffawed again as he lumbered off in his wife’s direction with the Coke.
“ I didn’t know I saw”. Shanaya said as she removed a red and black sari with flowers on the fall “ I think this one would match your complexion and height better”. Shanaya went back to staring at the sari for God only knows why.
Shanaya opened her eyes and looked at the roof. Peeling paint with slight cracks on the wall and an intermittently working fan.
“Oh yes of course ma’am.” Mr. Dhandania rustled up the papers and took a sip of his now lukewarm tea. “The bank has approved your loan for opening a”- he peered down at the paper –“clothing shop at Baker Street”
“Yeah , I forgot to ask that yesterday. How did you know about my - uh, brother’s drinking habits?” Jameela asked.
Her arms are finally working. She moves her arms and swims to the surface. She is so close to breaking through. The figure on the hill still stands close to the edge. Unwilling to go over. The figure looks down at the drowning girl.
SHERLOCK blushed and tried to wave the compliment away with a half hearted wave.
“Hang on,” John said, smiling a little, “are you miffed that
But Sherlock had turned away from the files without a second glance. “We have other things to work out now,” he said, dropping heavily onto the sofa. “Anyway, finding this particular needle in the haystack is more a question of manpower than sophistication. That’s the one area the Yard always has us beat.”
“Victoria Burnet,” John read off an envelope, as he shuffled through the stack of mail on the counter. Bills, coupons… “You’re sure she’s our killer?”
Sherlock shook his head. “Much too risky.”
“Seems much more like software than neurobiology, don’t you think?”
“Well!” Sherlock gestured at Eccles with a smirk. “Eccles himself was meant to be an alibi. Garcia’s.”
“Yeah,” Eccles snapped, “that’s my name!”
“How did the murderer know Garcia would come through this way?” Sherlock said aloud (John saw his mouth moving). He spun in a circle until he was facing Lestrade. “We need more information. Garcia knew we would find a link between him and his intended target- we know because of how keen he was to establish an alibi-“
“She’s a hacker, Sherlock,” John said placatingly, climbing down to peer inside a heating vent. “She won’t have a password that can be guessed.”
“Within a half hour of receiving that email, I received another asking about confidentiality. The sender wants to know whether,
It was a strange flat. The building itself was elderly, and had not been maintained well. Burnet’s flat was a single, open room, other than the minuscule toilet. There wasn’t space for much more than the bed, desk, and cramped kitchenette. But the contents struck John as quite nice. The stove looked from the seventies, but on the counter beside it was a shining stainless-steel coffee maker with a touch screen. Original artwork decorated the crumbling walls. Then there was the frankly overwhelming set up of computer hardware on the desk. None of it was
John turned to look at Sherlock. It was a strange thing to say, made stranger still by referring to John in the third person; but as he watched, he saw that Sherlock’s lips weren’t moving.
“Sherlock! You couldn’t have done that over the sink?”
A content warning for this chapter: brief, non-explicit discussion of child pornography.
An email from Lestrade:
Credit for the mind-reading prompt goes to the lovely kissestaakoanddraco. Without her input and encouragement, this fic would not exist.
Whatever experiments Sherlock was running, John could conduct his own. He got closer, heard,
“Could they have drugged us, then? Something else in the fog?”
Sherlock slumped in the chair and let his head loll backward. “I suppose I’ll need to pay a visit to my brother.”
“I think you do,” Sherlock said.
*****
Sherlock’s chest swelled as he inhaled deeply. His eyes dropped from John’s. “Good, you’ve studied my website.”
“We’ll have to pay my dear brother a visit tomorrow, before we head back to Dartmoor. He’ll be busy, so be prepared for a minor kidnapping.”
“We’ll keep looking. I’ll take the kitchen, you go through the wardrobe.”
“Besides,” Sherlock continued thickly, out loud this time, “you would have done the same for me, if the positions had been reversed.”
John clenched his jaw. “Fine,” he spat, grateful Sherlock couldn’t hear the string of curses going through his head. “I’m going with you.”
“What, you don’t think I should publish a detailed report of the time we committed a felony and then let the murderer get away?”
John reached for his gun, but Sherlock grabbed his arm, whirled him around, and shoved him forward.
Sherlock frowned. “Are you feeling alright, John?” And the more confused Sherlock was, the faster his thoughts splintered and spun like a kaleidoscope, surreally visual, as John saw and didn’t see a list of John’s apparent symptoms being cross-referenced with various medical conditions.
He didn’t say anything more, so John found the most recent bank statement and started scanning the transactions.
Her eyes widened at the last word. “I never meant to kill anyone,” she said softly. “Garcia was coming after me. I waited as long as I could. I hoped he wouldn’t go through with it. But he was coming to kill me. I defended myself.”
“No kidding,” John muttered, as he braced himself for another cab ride with Sherlock and his thoughts.
“Not much. Garcia-“ John took a step back. “Seems like he pretty much kept to himself. No enemies that anyone knew of.”
it had really contributed to some fantastic sex.
Sherlock was thinking,
“So… you think they’re the burglar?”
“And?”
There was just under a half hour neither of them could account for, between Sherlock trapping John alone in the lab (
“No, this is from before we met.”
“We?” John asked. “You’re not reading minds too, now, are you?”
“Oh, that’s not a game you want to play with us,” Sherlock purred. “You will not win.”
Lestrade stepped over to John. “What was that about?”
Sherlock began rummaging around, pulling open each of the drawers and feeling along their sides. “It’s entirely likely this computer has no incriminating files on it at all. Should she ever be under investigation, she can hand over the computer freely, deflect suspicion off herself.” He pointed at John without turning around. “We’re also looking for a hard drive, or USB, something…”
He emerged over an hour later, looking wretched. He’d changed into baggy, fading clothes, a tee shirt over stained sweatpants, and a thin windbreaker. That on its own wouldn’t have been enough to surprise John, but it was what had happened to Sherlock’s face. There were dark, gloomy circles beneath his eyes, and he seemed to have grown at least a day’s worth of stubble in an hour.
John tilted his head.
His arms were out at his sides, humbling himself. “I’m apologizing,” he said. “Why isn’t it working?”
“Tampered?” Eccles echoed in alarm.
It was in this way that John was beginning to learn to read between the lines with Sherlock. Amid all the brusqueness and bluntness, there were small gestures of respect, and even of affection, if he looked for them. And all the strange business at Baskerville had called into question the nature of their relationship.
*****
“Ah, it was one. Yeah, 1:00, I remember him saying it. He insists I take the bed, being his guest, so I do, and he sleeps on the sofa. Only, I wake up this morning, right, and he’s buggered off somewhere. Won’t answer his mobile. ‘Course I didn’t know he was dead. All I know is, he never paid me the hundred, and-“ He looked nervously between John and Sherlock. “Between us, I know he has more money than he knows what to do with. He’d hardly be hurt if I helped myself. Only then I think, well, he’ll know it was me who stole from him. So I take a few other things, rough up the place. I break the window and the door, so they think I had to break in.”
“Yeah,” Lestrade said without enthusiasm, catching on but not understanding, “we’re all dazzled by his genius.”
*****
Eccles grimaced as though he felt nauseous. When John nodded to him, he sighed out a breath through pursed lips. “Alright, I didn’t kill Alex Garcia.”
He moaned in annoyance. “God, it’s always that. But he was overly defensive when you questioned it, that’s what gave it away. It’s a good trick, actually. Question all our clients’ names from now on.” His phone pinged, and he beamed in delight at its message. He passed it to John.
“I’m sure the scientists at Baskerville are eagerly awaiting our confirmation that their little experiment was a success.”
not the one who gets to read minds?”
John sat up and rubbed his face. “Oh, God…”
Sherlock looked down as he smirked. He pulled something up on his phone, then passed it to John.
“It’s a bank statement.” He scanned the list of withdrawals and deposits. “There’s a deposit that matches what was taken from Garcia’s account.”
all at once,” Sherlock said, waving his hand impatiently.
“No, no. We’re fantastic!”
“And the people creating the pornography get to carry on, while you profit,” Sherlock said.
“You may believe yourself to be justified in all this, Miss Burnet, but nothing gives you the right to act as judge, jury, and executioner.”
“But always time to debate the uselessness of pleasantries.”
“See what use you can be to Lestrade. Bye!” And he crashed down the stairs and out the door.
“We have another client?”
“What was it Garcia was up to, then?”
“A 2010 Breitling.” John smiled as Sherlock’s expression shifted from surprise to annoyance. “Cost thousands of pounds when he bought it, but it’s broken. So he has a decently high-paying job but he can’t afford new things.”
“Have copies sent to Baker Street!” Sherlock called over his shoulder as he headed toward the main road.
“Yeah, his sister posted about. That’s how I heard about it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ll give you another case,” Sherlock said, as he thought that the conversation was moving into dangerous territory, and he would need to occupy his mind with something else for the next half hour. “You can post a report of this one.”
“-and while I confess I have yet to pinpoint my error-“
While Sherlock was pontificating on how to spot hidden pockets sewn into the lining of a coat, John found a USB rattling around inside a chipped red mug.
“It’s good we have him, though. No idea what we’d do if we didn’t.”
“Well, someone with advanced coding skills and a secret who lives a street over from the scene, at least. I would have waited for more evidence to confirm it, but she was starting to notice me. Now!” He stepped closer to John, transmitting a burst of energy and a rancid smell. “What have you and Lestrade uncovered?”
*****
“What I don’t get-!” John started, louder than he meant it to be, “is why, er, why not sell the watch? If he needs the money?”
“A scientist never includes himself in his own data set,” John said.
“And what distinguishes me from your other associates?”
John shook his head, but before he could express his exasperation, he was distracted by the postmark. “Hang on. Letter posted from Switzerland.”
“The files might be encrypted, but I’m sure we can get through it, especially with the help of the Yard.” But Sherlock, too, seemed to hesitate. He held up the drive again and pushed the button to slide the drive out of the plastic casing. “The tape,” he said. “It was quite firmly attached. Then the shallow grooves…” He held up the drive for John to inspect. “This hasn’t been used more than a handful of times.”
John felt like he’d been punched in the gut, and he didn’t know if it was his own feeling or Sherlock’s.
“Right,” John said, as an unaccountable anger surged through him. “It was only about the
“No, you haven’t.”
John was in love with Sherlock, or at least in lust, or it was a kind of admiration, or maybe no one else in history had ever felt about another human the way John did about Sherlock, and so there had never been a word made up for it. Whatever it was, John had given up trying to resist it.
“Well, we’re not going to
“A scientist never includes themself in their own dataset. They would have been biased by their own expectations. That’s the thing about uninformed subjects, totally unbiased… This is where science without ethics leads.”
“Sorry, is getting dressed a task that needs your supervision?”
“But you’ve been in contact recently?” John asked.
“Yes, and possibly the murderer as well, although that’s obviously not the narrative they intend to give us.”
John swore as he, once again, woke to find Sherlock hovering beside his bed.
He hadn’t meant to shout it. He hadn’t meant the conversation to go this way at all. He was rubbish at this sort of conversation. But he’d thought, after everything he’d accidentally overheard, maybe Sherlock really did care for him more than he let on, and if they could just talk…
“What did you mean?”
“Stop!” A woman’s voice shouted. “Stop, or I’ll shoot!”
“Well, what do we have here?” Sherlock said, back to being pleased with himself.
“Yes.” Sherlock opened the fridge and rummaged around before finding a bottle of beer. He uncapped it and, without hesitation, poured it over his head.
“Yes, so when I read what happened to Garcia, I knew straight away, John and Sherlock, that’s who to turn to!” He smiled for a moment, as if he couldn’t believe his luck, before his face sunk once more.
“The time zone’s been altered. Simple. Yes!” Sherlock brought his steepled fingers to his lips as his eyes flicked rapidly back and forth. “He changed the clock on your phone when you gave it to him to show him the pictures. Yes, that gives Garcia an hour to execute his plan while he has Eccles to corroborate his alibi. Had things gone according to plan, he would have found some reason to rouse you at two, to cement the timeline. Of course.” He pulled out his own phone and typed quickly. “Thank you, Mr. Eccles, we’ll be in touch.”
“Ah!” John winced as the cords cut into the flesh below his ribs. “We can’t- we can’t both laugh- the cords are too tight-"
“Sherlock,” Lestrade interrupted, “
“Well, it looks like you were right. Bank statements show fixed, regular payments.”
Sherlock’s sharp eyes met John’s. “Yes, I think so. How did you put it together?”
“No-“ He sighed roughly and got to his feet. “It only works if I’m close enough.” He approached Sherlock and put one hand on his shoulder, arm extended. “Only about this far.”
Sherlock’s mouth curled into a smile. “Forgive me. I needed to verify the situation for myself.”
They were walking close together, their arms brushing against each other at times. The accidental contact seemed to sparkle in John’s mind; he supposed he was feeling it from two directions at once.
Sherlock’s brow wrinkled in confusion.
“Our best theory is that the suspect wanted something off Garcia. Suspect confronts Garcia, he won’t hand it over, so suspect kills him. Only, Garcia doesn’t have it on his person, so the suspect breaks into the flat. Steals a few other things while they’re at it to throw us off.”
John frowned. “Why would the victim need an alibi?”
Sherlock followed John’s gaze and sighed through his teeth. He rubbed at one with his finger until it smudged.
“In the meantime, we’ll keep looking through the records, see if there’s any communication between Garcia and the blackmailer.”
But John didn’t go. If Sherlock hadn’t thought it for him, he wouldn’t have even considered it. He stepped back down and stood beside Sherlock.
consulting
“Something I’ve often been accused of.”
“I believe you,” Sherlock said, but there was no reassurance in his voice. “Unfortunately, given the burglary was several hours after the murder, it won’t serve as an alibi, as it once did for a friend of mine. Hm! Oh, I do love a case with a healthy sense of irony.”
*****
“And ninety-eight.”
She tossed her head and glowered at him. “Pardon?”
“No!” John surprised himself by shouting it. “I mean, yes, I’m fine, or, no, but not how you’re thinking.” He couldn’t hear
, then ricocheted violently to
If Sherlock felt embarrassed, he didn’t let on. “Verbal thought is only one product of the brain’s electrical activity. The firing of my synapses are being captured and transmitted to you…”
Sherlock:
John threw it open and had one foot onto the fire escape when the door creaked open behind them.
For a long moment, Sherlock didn’t answer, and the only sounds were the scratching of his pencil and the traffic hushing past. Then, as though he had only just heard it, Sherlock looked up in surprise. “I never used drugs as an escape, John.”
But Sherlock was only feet away, literally, and in fact, John could get up and join Sherlock wherever he figuratively was. He could step right into the mind palace. There was nothing stopping him but a vague sense that he wasn’t supposed to.
“John Watson, hi,” he said as they shook hands, although he was pretty sure the client already knew who he was.
Thoughts arrived from Sherlock in the span of seconds, much faster than he could have spoken them aloud.
John huffed. He plucked at a loose thread of the upholstery. “I can read your mind.”
John sank into his armchair and raised his eyebrows at Sherlock, but the detective’s attention was focused on Chris.
He was greatly relieved, then, when Sherlock bounded up the stairs with a triumphant grin.
“Sure.” John dropped the neglected file folder back onto the pile. “Are you thinking microchips…?”
“Fuck, Sherlock!”
Both of their heads were buzzing with questions. Should they get takeaway? John had to admit he was starving, and Sherlock was too, for all he went on about never needing to eat. But picking up dinner was too normal, too
Sherlock snorted. He was relieved John wasn’t angry with him. And in the woozy aftermath of the adrenaline rush, John started to giggle, until they were both helpless with laughter.
John looked around as though hoping a classmate would raise a hand and rescue him from having to answer. “Nothing. He was in the alley off Aintree last night?”
John and Lestrade spent the next couple days interviewing Garcia’s sister and employer, reviewing the coroner’s and ballistics reports, and coming up utterly empty-handed.
“No, I swear it, I was in the flat the whole time. I had nothing to do with any of that. Why would I want to kill him?”
“Of course you did,” said Sherlock, with an amused smile.
John didn’t reply. It was selfish, but he didn’t feel any great urgency in getting the microchips removed. He liked the connection with Sherlock. And,
*****
Sherlock’s eyes tracked rapidly down the page. “Not all of these can be from Garcia.”
“No, well, it’s other things. Your… attention, and… emotions.” John pursed his lips. It sounded strangely intimate, when he said it that way.
Downstairs, Sherlock sat gracefully in his black leather chair as he considered their guest. His eyes flicked up to John as he came down the stairs.
“No.”
“We can only speculate at this stage.”
Sherlock kept his eyes resolutely forward. “I’ve long understood my deductive reasoning to be at its weakest when I must include myself as a variable.”
“What time?”
“I DON’T KNOW!”
“Yeah.” Eccles withdrew his phone and squinted at the screen. “Yeah, nearly ten.”
Finally, it was starting to make sense. Sherlock didn’t actually know how John felt; couldn’t read his longing in every gesture, every bitten lip, every breathless laugh. He was scared. He was waiting, hoping for John to make the first move…
“So there’s a one-in-four chance we’ve broken into a random woman’s flat?” John flipped to the next envelope.
“We have friends in very,
“Hrm,” Sherlock grunted, unwilling to agree but unable to argue against it. He sprang up as his phone began to ring. “Lestrade!” He tapped the speaker phone button and held it out to John.
“Yeah, well, now that you
“Well… I could hear something you don’t want me to know.”
“Excellent.” Sherlock shifted his weight through his hips in a subdued dance of excitement. “What information do we have about the account he was making the payments to?”
“I had some things to wrap up. Now that includes you two.”
Sherlock moaned as he rolled his eyes. “If you
“So you stayed for dinner,” John asked.
Sherlock didn’t answer, too absorbed in examining the photographs. As John did the same, he felt as though he were seeing them as Sherlock would. The whole of the photographs- the dead man with blood all over his shirt, the gun still in its holster- faded into insignificance. Instead, he saw only details. He saw a clumsily repaired seam at the armpit of the shirt, which he recognized from the cut and stitching as Armani, even though the photos didn’t show the label. And the watch- John knew instantly it was a Breitling released three years ago at eight thousand pounds, and the stem of the crown was broken…
“So far, at least.”
“Doubt it,” Sherlock answered flatly. “Have you spoken to the sister yet?”
“May I?” Sherlock held out his hand, and Eccles passed it over. He examined it briefly and smirked. “Well, that does make much more sense. Your phone’s been tampered with.”
Sherlock glanced John over. “I’m touched by your attempt to respect my privacy, John, but it really isn’t necessary.”
At this, the phone emitted a loud, crackling sigh. “All we know is that it’s Swiss.”
A quizzical expression.
as though he were terrified to look the truth of it in the eye. But of course they were friends, the idiot. Sherlock had even introduced John as a friend, many times before. So what the hell was Sherlock getting at?
“Flinch? My volume isn’t excessive. No history of migraines. Possibly hungover…”
“Must be… five others, at least. She’s negotiated different rates with each of them, but I’ll bet the other statements would show a pattern.”
“This- this has got to be it, Sherlock,” John said. It was identical to the decoy, but clearly much more used. The logo had rubbed nearly completely off, and the drive slid loosely in and out of the case.
“John. Good morning,” Sherlock said in a strange voice.
John jogged to catch up. “We’re going back home?”
“You’re sure the only thoughts you’ve overhead have been mine?”
Eccles slumped, having come to the conclusion of his tale. “I didn’t kill him, Mr. Holmes.”
A few steps away, now, the anxiety lifted, and Sherlock’s voice went quiet, but John’s heart was pounding. He’d have to tell Sherlock. And then what?
“Just like who?” Sherlock asked. “Garcia and your other victims?”
The only thing saving the pair of them from a thorough humiliation was the bank statement tucked into John’s jacket. Though Burnet had patted him down, the thin paper had escaped her notice. Shame she’d missed Sherlock’s lecture.
“Yeah, just a few days ago, he messages me, says he remembers how good I was at gadgets and could I come fix his DVD player. Says he’ll pay me a hundred quid for it and maybe we can catch up.”
John rubbed his pinky against his ring finger. “I think I get it, now.”
Sherlock widened his eyes.
“Your impressions, Doctor?”
“The killer took it, then, after he shot him.”
“Good.”
“Irene?” He paused to look up at John, then focused back on the page. “No…” The sleeve of his dressing gown fell as raised his arm, revealing pink skin where the fake track marks had been scrubbed off.
But at that moment, a key scraped into the lock at the door.
“Why indeed, but it does seem suspicious you know about a murder which has not yet been reported to the press.”
He didn’t need to read her mind to know what Sally was thinking: her face said it all.
think over the circus in Sherlock’s head. He had a sudden mad impulse to open the door of the cab and leap out, just to get out of range of Sherlock’s mind. “Nevermind. We’ll talk about it later. How would the killer have known Garcia was coming last night?”
“And, I go to work on it, he says ‘no, no, don’t act like a stranger.’ He’s asking all about my wife, my kids. I’m showing him photos-“ he patted the phone in his pocket- “Gives me a beer. To be honest, I could’ve fixed the bloody thing and been gone in ten minutes. Just a screw come loose. But he keeps talking. He orders us takeaway, and-“
know?”
“You two found anything?” said Lestrade’s voice through a haze of static.
John drained the rest of the tea and finished dressing as the buzzer rang below.
Thank you all for supporting this little project! I've never written mystery or "case fic" before, and I've learned so much in writing this. I'm already seeing things I could have done better. I hope you enjoyed reading!
Clouded by
Sherlock squirmed in his seat. “I do not
John passed the phone back to Sherlock. “But you said we had a client.”
“That’s a dead end, then?” John asked.
Sherlock began to speak, and as he did the thoughts settled in harmoniously to what he was saying, and John sighed in relief. It was only a temporary reprieve, he knew, but it would be easier to talk in 221B, where he could keep his distance.
She hardly fit the profile for blackmail and homicide. She was short, and pretty, with her hair pulled into a simple bun. She wore a loose-fitting jumper bearing a screen-printed tiger over tight, ripped jeans. She gripped the gun with both hands and shifted her weight anxiously.
“Yes,” Sherlock replied flatly. “You’re welcome to step closer and hear it for yourself.”
John glared into Sherlock’s collarbone, the closest he could get to Sherlock’s eyes without lifting his head. He’d never expected Sherlock to be one for pillow talk, but did they really have to discuss Mycroft in bed? “Tomorrow?” he grumbled.
“Time to go!”
Sherlock stared steadily back at John for a painfully long time. Then he lifted his violin and began to play.
Sherlock shook out his hair and blinked. “That ought to sell it! Right, you might not hear from me for a few days.”
“So we- we both could send each other to jail,” she continued. “Or we could both forget this ever happened.”
And then to look annoyed at John asking for privacy getting dressed, as though Sherlock could not fathom what intimacy there would be in nudity, as though he saw nothing in John’s body but its utility.
“So… what, you’re some kind of vigilante?” John asked.
John winced as he was jolted out of sleep. Sherlock’s voice seemed to boom.
Sherlock’s list of possible connections forced its way into John’s imagination. He spent the rest of the cab ride prompting Sherlock to talk as much as possible, which was never difficult.
After Sherlock had showered, they settled in to do what they were worst at: killing time.
“Yeah?”
“Well, we met back in uni. Hadn’t heard from him in years, tell the truth, never were best mates or anything.”
“We didn’t find a burner on his person or in his flat.”
“I might be a while,” Sherlock called back.
John started to feel normal again once they made it to the crime scene. With all of the officers and the blood congealing on the pavement to distract him, Sherlock’s voice dropped out of his head.
Now, out of range of Sherlock’s thoughts as he sat in his armchair, John regretted saying anything in the cab. It seemed plausible that they could just keep such a distance forever, and John never need tell Sherlock, and they could carry on as before.
“I was going to. The first- I confronted him. He offered to pay me to keep quiet. And… Well, I’m not proud of it, but I was in trouble myself, and I really needed the money. I always thought- once I got back on my feet- then I’d turn him in… But I was watching him” She lifted her chin. “He was terrified, constantly. Always looking over his shoulder. I thought- I send him to prison, he’s got hope of getting out. And maybe he does get out, eventually. But before he’s caught, he’s suffering as much as he would in prison, maybe even more, and I was getting something out of it. Who wins, really, if he goes to jail? No one.”
“I’ve found her!” he sang, eyes sparkling.
are the files?”
“What did you tell them?”
He took a deep breath and made himself look at Sherlock. “Actually, there’s something I need to tell you.”
“Upstairs. Now.”
John looked away. “I didn’t-“
It was exhilarating; and more than that, he could feel Sherlock reacting to his touch, knew exactly how much Sherlock wanted him and in what way-
But John couldn’t really identify watches, other than maybe one’s he’d owned himself. Not the way Sherlock could. Sherlock, who studied catalogues and periodically browsed boutiques and department stores, memorizing the offerings. These were Sherlock’s observations, not John’s. And it was Sherlock who drew the conclusion:
“Thanks!” he said, and quickly left her behind to rejoin Sherlock. Fortunately, Sherlock was too focused on his work to take notice of John’s activities.
“You’re reluctant,” Sherlock said.
” Sherlock over-pronounced the last word, eager to remind John of how little he thought of the blog.
“Ninety-percent sure.”
“I gave you a test-
Lestrade:
“I’m just trying to understand the motivations of our unknown researcher.”
John wanted to shake his head at how Sherlock had found a way to take credit for John’s deductions, the cocky bastard- even if they really were Sherlock’s- but then he felt it: a wave of disappointment, and anxiety, that could only be coming from Sherlock. And his voice:
“Not completely,” Lestrade said. “We can make a case that we have evidence of criminal activity, and that could get us the name of the account holder…”
“Nearly ten,” Eccles corrected.
John joined Sherlock at the cluttered desk. “That’s not what you were thinking. I heard you. You can’t stand that you’re not the special one anymore, can you?”
John squinted. “Chris Eccles?”
But Sherlock had turned abruptly and disappeared into his room.
But that wasn’t what Sherlock was doing. John was pissed, as he heard what Sherlock was thinking, and pissed at himself for being pissed.
John folded up the statement and tucked into his jacket pocket. “Are they in danger, too, then?”
“I was also there with you in Baskerville,” Sherlock answered shortly. “Whatever is occurring involves two brains, yours and mine.” His eyes unfocused as he murmured, “Transmitter and receiver…”
“Okay!” John gasped. “Okay.”
“Get it?” Sherlock asked, only half listening.
“Shouldn’t we get…?” But John’s question was chased away by the sight of track marks on Sherlock’s arm.
“Wonder how long it’ll take him to write this one up… He does take his time,” Sherlock mumbled.
“Forget it,” Sherlock echoed, without agreement.
of a test for you- and you utterly failed.”
on this case, not the other way round. Tell us what you already know, or I can’t let you work on this case.”
John tilted the mattress on its side, but there was nothing hidden beneath it. “Do we even need to see the files?” he asked. “The bank statement should be enough for a warrant.”
“Well!” Sherlock stood and buttoned his jacket. “Let’s see what we can uncover about the crimes Garcia intended to commit between midnight and 1:00 am."
But Sherlock was shaking his head. “You won’t find anything. They would have used burner phones.”
“Okay.” John was started to feel excited again as Sherlock picked up momentum. “So we’ll go back-“
John sat forward. “Hang on, I haven’t told you the evidence!”
John and Sherlock looked at each other, and then both turned to look at the webcam mounted atop the computer, LED light winking.
John threw the blankets off himself and crossed the room to pull on his robe. He couldn’t stand to be so close to Sherlock; his anxiety was infecting John, making his palms sweat and his heart race. He started down the stairs as Sherlock followed him, still talking.
“While you were asleep I spent a few hours reviewing our conversation-“
“Did I ever tell you about the Rat of Sumatra?”
*****
“Just… seems a bit too easy, doesn’t it?” John asked hesitantly.
John could feel his blush coming all the way from his neck.
It was exhilarating.
Mycroft will tell him to buckle up and fight against the sentiment, to conquer it and to laugh at the face of it, to ridicule it.
"See you around, John," said Sherlock.
Sherlock glanced up, startled. His father was watching him expectantly.
It was only then that John realized that he had left his phone in the jacket that Sherlock wore. So no communication was possible, until the meeting at the café. The only option left for John now was to follow exactly what Sherlock has told him, and hope they meet again without the plan going awry somehow in the middle.
Halfway through his meal, John adjusted his seat, and his bare knees brushed against Mycroft's. The island was a bit small for two people, after all.
Both Bill and Irene ignored him steadfastly.
"Is that your
There was another plate in front of Mycroft's, all ready to eat. Was it for him?
Sherlock had noticed that John's typing speed was unbearably slow. Probably the mixture of an advanced phone and an almost-ludditeness of John. At least he didn't use any insipid abbreviations that the younger generation of the texting population seemingly invested themselves into these days. He waited, patiently, as he drummed his fingers against his thigh, waiting for John's response. The air in the car has become surprisingly lighter, and his mood suddenly lifted. The dread that filled his stomach knowing that the car was heading straight to his parents - it vanished altogether.
Sherlock poured himself a cup, put two spoonfuls of honey, and turned around. He leaned against the counter and took the cup near to his lips. He always indulged in the smell before he drank his tea, and today was no exception.
. The hiding and being chased, climbing walls, disguising and jumping around roofs and fire escapes. Oh, he felt so
John walked along in companionable silence, mindlessly guessing stuff about his rescuer.
The tall boy genius stopped on a roof that John didn't recognize, because of course, he doesn't look for roofs when he goes to places.
Scrummage. Unsurprising word choice for a rugby player. And a surprisingly accurate description of what just happened.
He could see the blood specimen he'd left upstairs in his room for his experiment, over the deep purple wine-mixed gravy spilt on his plate. Blood, now,
"Of course not, John. I followed someone once only because I thought he might be a murderer."
The door chimed and John could see a tall jock in a rugby jacket, who had his hair completely slicked back, trudge in.
Sherlock shrugged, and put it back. "It's vomit from a dead woman's body, John. It's hardly anyone's property."
Sherlock glimpsed at the pouring rain. "I think I should be asking you that, John. What are you going to do? You obviously have been victimized by the untimely rain. Do you wish to wait until it stops? Calling someone clearly hasn't worked."
"It's fine. It's not like I get much action. Unlike
was the answer John had chosen. Well, he did not
"Well?" Sherlock prompted, looking up at him under his furrowed brows.
Sherlock sat straight in his chair, hands gone from his chin. They were now on his lap, trembling.
of vulnerability, when he orgasmed. It looked like he had allowed himself a miniscule moment of letting himself go completely, if only for that instant. That look on his almost always impassive and judgmental face was so alien to what John's known of Mycroft. To see it, to dig it out of him, it was addicting. John prided himself to be the one who could bring that side of Mycroft.
Irene ribbed.
John watched the boy go. It wasn't long until he disappeared into the crowd.
"I've been told that I need to try nonetheless."
She now had this look in her eyes that made her look predatory.
John snorted. "You are not so good at deflecting as you think."
As soon as Sherlock was out in the daylight, he took one look around and muttered something unrecognizable under his breath. Wordlessly, he spun around and started marching towards god knows where. John didn't have much choice but to follow; his attempts to call the boy had been utterly ignored. Sherlock was walking fast, and John had to jog slightly not to lose him.
know about the drinking?"
As he pretended to show the client the short way to the client's chair, he stealthily took his phone out and texted John behind his back, as fast as he could with one hand.
"The serial suicides, you must've heard it in the news. There's been a new one, and I'm so close to catching the murderer. Yes, they are all murders. You know I'm right. I'm a Holmes. We're never wrong."
"Yes, his name's John. How did you know that?" His mother said, surprised.
For the first time since she ever set foot into Sherlock's sight, he averted his eyes from her.
with the man.
Sherlock leaned back into the backseat of the car with a sigh. It would've been so much better if he could chase down the coordinates himself. Why wouldn't just everyone leave him ALONE? He closed his eyes, blamed Sherrinford, blamed his parents, blamed the stupid driver and the two agents guarding the door as if they aren't completely wasting their time and energy trying to be promoted at MI6 by impressing his brother - which won't happen, because they already failed to catch Sherlock at the university campus - and imagined what he could've done, if he was free on the street. He would chase the murderer faster than anyone in the Yard, and-
questions for this time-sensitive plan, start helping me climb up."
"Now what?"
She stood up, took her bag, and looked at them, left and right. Sherlock broke the eye contact and faced her. John's eyes were still on Sherlock.
"Mm. And I bet he shags you whenever the mood strikes."
"... and you, darling. Try to get a present for Mycroft this year." His mother turned back in her seat to look at Sherlock, all of a sudden.
That was completely ignored. Sherlock tried again.
As he mindlessly let the leaf do its work, his mind took him back to the evening before. Mycroft had called him for a date, as always, and John obliged because he was free. Mycroft always knew when John was free, and although John didn't used to think much into it, Sherlock's comment about Mycroft being the British government along with Sherrinford had made John wonder if Mycroft kept tabs on John's life. Regardless of his doubt, John went out with him and had a nice time as usual. Expensive dinner in a private setting, John talking about his day and Mycroft listening with not too much interest but not without entirely, and going back to Mycroft's place for a shag.
John shook his head in disbelief, and a distinct fondness towards this - this unbelievable wonder of a creature in front of him - washed all over him as he did so.
"Once I get up there, I will find a way to help you up. And then-"
"More than the deer?"
Sherlock did not reply. John could see him look surprised. He probably hasn't expected it.
"I know you can't trust me still. But it's a good deal, isn't it? Just spill out what I already know, and you may or may not get your heartbreak fixed."
"I- um. I didn't know-" Sherlock stuttered, blushing like crazy.
Conclusion: there was a stranger in his house. On Saturday morning. At Musgrave.
"Because I said it's important," she answered, Sherlock's ire not disturbing her a single bit.
"Oh. The duck farm?"
"Really, John," said Mycroft, his brows knitted. "It's juvenile."
"Fine. I'll change my point. I think it's in
First Class marks. Numerous awards. Socially respectable jobs with high salary. Oh, Sherlock couldn't be more bored.
"Your flat, of course."
"Yes, that, too."
"It's not news, though. Mycroft was a stalker, too. I guess it's in Holmes blood."
Mycroft was apparently ignoring it.
He was deep in his musings about the kinds of expensive equipment Cambridge must have in store, leaving his parents chatter on about banal, useless ordinary chitchat. He was barely listening when a phrase caught his ear.
John sighed and did what he was told. The coat was bloody bulky but he managed it. When he was done, Sherlock approached him, and when John was going to voice his discomfort for standing too closely, Sherlock combed through his still-wet hair.
"Mm," John nodded. "Saved yours on the pan. Kate cooked."
"But seriously. Are you sure you will come with me? You can take me to a bus stop or something."
"Lovely!" Mummy exclaimed. "Though, not Oxford? Mycroft can surely do something if you decide to follow his steps there."
"......"
He said nothing else and walked over to his locker. He gathered his stuff, thinking about what Sherlock has just asked. John didn't go with his teammates to the pub because he had to study. And he did need to, because as any other third-year med student, he had exams almost every week. But what Sherlock has asked - to go to NSY and experience crime scene (an unsolved one, too!) firsthand, a situation that he'll mostly never experience in his lifetime ever again, now that, was so much more enticing than his studying. What would it be like? Will there be police tapes, police cars, and detectives and forensic scientists and constables all around? They'd be going under the police tape, while all the others have to stay outside of it, wouldn't they?
"Just do as I say, John. I'll explain later. Now stop asking questions and hurry! We're running out of time."
Buzz.
He thought he was used to being outsmarted when he met Mycroft. Apparently, he wasn't.
"Yeah, yeah, it does. I mean, they didn't find the shoes anywhere?"
"Right. Right. Of course. Well- yeah. You- I don't know how you got most of it right, but I guess I shouldn't be surprised."
"Name?" Sherlock asked.
John smirked. "That is indeed a definition of a stalker. Following someone, convinced that they've murdered someone."
"I changed my mind. You shouldn't be an actress. You should be a therapist."
perfect.
Today had been perfect,
"Did he ever fuck you in that Rolls-Royce that he always pick you up with? Does he roll up the partition, or show you off to his driver?"
John smirked, turned around, and left.
Sherlock has heard enough. He tore his glance away, signaling that he's done with their talk. His parents regarded him for a while before going back to their chat, and they looked over at him more frequently than before. Sherlock ignored them all. Everything suddenly became so much more tasteless than it was already before. He mechanically chewed the potato cubes as he stared blankly at the pattern on the table. He could almost feel the body weight, the heat, and the friendly yet alert eyes of the stranger from that very morning. Not a stranger, apparently. John Watson, doing the impossible job of dating Mycroft Holmes.
"Someone you could never, in a million years, figure out. Because he was exactly like you, but you could never face yourself. An addict with a heart."
"Who are you?"
Oh. "A sister," said Sherlock. "So you learned how to fight while you fought for her."
"Wanting his favourite boy toy at his service?" Irene chimed in.
John thought he was funny. Good. Sherlock then noticed the agent on his left was now incredulously checking his face through the reflection on the side mirror, and then realized that he has been beaming at his phone. Beaming, he was indeed; grinning from ear to ear like an idiot. Ugh. He quickly changed his face to a sulking one.
"I don't doubt you can, because apparently you're a genius. But... all right, I won't do anything. So what are you going to do, now?"
"Not the worst thing I've been called."
"Sherlock," said father. "Have you decided?"
The way John stared down at Sherlock in confusion and wariness when he pushed him against the fridge.
Sherlock smirked, and John had to let out a laugh in disbelief, because what he's said was very much in Sherlock's character right now. It was exactly what cheesy twenty-somethings thinking themselves as cool would say.
hopped around roofs."
And now, Sherlock was begging her to send him off to London. To solve a serial murder. With Scotland Yard.
Sex with Mycroft was a curious thing. Outside of bed, Mycroft moved as if his three-piece suit was tattooed onto his body. He was prim and proper even when he was in his own house. When he was at bed, the mannerisms were still there, and he was still controlling of every single thing like always, but there was a tiny bit of wiggle room in his impenetrable charisma, a tiny bit of a
"...and I wanted to see the young man's picture, at least, and he was terribly embarrassed. It was so good to see that, Siger. Our boys are finally growing up! I wonder if Sherry's seeing someone, too."
John was going to demand him an answer, but because Sherlock looked urgent, he sighed and took his rugby jacket off. It was burgundy and beige, and had "John Watson" sewn over his back.
"There's a first time for everything, I suppose."
to follow him?
"Medicine? We don't know. Oh, wait a minute. Didn't Mycroft say something about picking him up at Barts?"
It was that moment when John's phone in his pocket buzzed.
"Nope. Not your psychotic sister, no."
Or was it something of Sherlock's, something from his side that made John
, within what felt like a millisecond, hit on Sherlock's wrist, hard, making him drop the deer instantly in pain, and ducked so that Sherlock's left hand on his throat would grab nothing but air. The sound of marble crashing into the granite floor wrung deeply between the two. Sherlock was then pushed against the fridge, the stranger's body pushing him with all his weight, and his arms were firmly grasped by the elbow, preventing him from using his lower arm and hands in any way.
The only good thing in this misery was that Rosie seemed to be unaware of the tension between Sherlock and himself. John couldn’t tell whether she noticed that they weren’t holding hands anymore, but if she did, she wasn’t sharing her thoughts on it.
“Is Mycroft doing secretary work for you now?”
“John?”
John woke up early the next morning, his neck stiff and his muscles sore from the playground. He decided to let Rosie sleep for a bit longer and made his way downstairs in order to make a well-needed cup of coffee.
“You brought me some in August, remember?”
“But I only did what’s best for you and Mary,” Sherlock replies after a while. He really doesn’t seem to understand, which only makes John more furious.
“Go,” she interrupts.
“Oh, Sherlock. Did I not warn you of getting involved?”
“You’re the second person to say that to me today.” He looks at me and starts smiling. Well, that’s interesting. Is there really another person on this planet like me? Maybe I could stay in London after all, if that other person is just as messed up as I am, I think it could work. We could both avoid each other around the flat, it’s not like you spend a lot of time with your flatmates, anyway. We would both have a job, and when we come home in the evenings we would both be exhausted and go to bed. That doesn’t sound too bad.
“Unfortunately, I couldn’t find any gold ones at 7 a.m. in the morning, so we’ll have to make do,” Sherlock said.
He finally turned away from Sherlock, feeling embarrassed and exposed. How could he have been so blind? Sherlock had probably already figured out John’s feelings for him, being the smart-ass that he was, and didn’t want to actively have to turn him down. If they didn’t talk about it, then maybe they’d be able to keep up the façade of friendship and co-parenting that John had spent years trying hard to build.
"Sherlock?"
. You are frugal, no, I don't mean it as an insult, and so you wouldn't spend this much on something like a phone, and if you did, you'd treat it like you treat your watch. That watch, it's an old model, it's not expensive, and yet it's pristine without a hint of its age. You obviously take care with your stuff, you are careful with them, and this phone has scrapings and scratches all over its charging port. Never seen a sober man with those marks, never seen an alcoholic without them. They fumble with their chargers in the dark, and they leave marks because they are almost always drunk."
"More like too small of a pool. Kate and I have a very
He's been dating Mycroft for more than three months now. Well, as long as someone can call occasional dinners and sex "dating." He really didn't know much about Mycroft's life, and if he will be willing to pick John up in the middle of the day. He knew that Mycroft was rich, and that he was working for the government, but that was pretty much it. Over dinner, Mycroft always wanted to talk about John and not himself, and John obliged, because he didn't mind. He didn't mind that they were casual, and that Mycroft kept his distance between them. John didn't have time for something more serious, anyways.
John moved his legs again, sliding against Mycroft's inner calf. The suit felt nice on his bare legs.
"The boy, though. It does sound suspicious."
Sherlock shut down that line of thought immediately and texted back.
John's face fell. "Seriously?"
blood."
John had never spent a Christmas with his boyfriend's (or girlfriend's) family. Well, he did meet his first girlfriend's mum at their house, but that was just when they were young. Even younger than now. He didn't know what the gesture meant by then. He still didn't know what it means, exactly, meeting the other's parents. How serious is it, exactly? Does it mean they have to get engaged, or something, in the future? His knowledge about this kind of stuff extended only to the lines from romance TV dramas and movies, which meant nothing actual, nothing real-life. Damn it.
Seven, six, five, four, three, two-
"His shoes."
John didn't have the chance to stop himself before he blurted that out. He didn't regret it, though, because well, it was bloody fantastic.
That was when he remembered John Watson.
John groaned quietly.
Sherlock's long leave was over, and he was back in his father's car to Eton. Except for the "talk" his mother has given him after the incident at London (
Mycroft had said, carefully choosing his words.
"Don't touch that chair, it's broken, somehow," said John.
"Mm. Yes. Massively successful at twenty-four. Successful enough to have John Watson at his beck and call."
Sherlock stepped back, took a glance at John's overall feature, and smirked with satisfaction. John didn't know exactly what Sherlock has done, but he could guess that his hair was a lot calmer and looking more groomed, judging by his feel.
"Git," said John, visibly relaxing. "What is it?"
"Stop it," muttered Sherlock. He didn't pass a mystery, he never did, but this was getting too much, even for him.
"Mm. And that he's sweet," added mum.
Mrs. Hudson left, leaving the three of them in the spacious dining room. Sherlock poked at the burgundy mush in front of him. Mush. Soft and melts instantly once chewed. Coq au vin suffered from a similar problem of being mushy. Sherlock preferred Italian. Or Thai, or Indian, though he rarely had the chance to try them. Something that is stronger with spice, something that has a bit more texture. Sherlock knew that the gastronomes around the world would faint at what he thought of French cuisine. Food was never his area of expertise, so he couldn't care less.
Bill was now roaring with laughter.
"...Schoolteacher. Worried about husband's possible affair but really doesn't care much. Favours the first child just a bit. Likes Danish pastry. Calls cat various names. Likes...to make jumpers."
"But mummy, it's the Met!
Sherlock slung over his jacket around him. It looked slightly awkward on him - the boy was all public school, posh hair, posh trousers, and although his jacket was not cheap, it looked a bit too casual on him.
Irene's voice woke John out of his recollection.
"Oh. All right, then." John shrugged. "Too bad. Thank you for walking me home."
Sharon grinned so widely, that although it didn't reach her eyes not yet, she looked almost a little bit happy and a little less terrifying.
"Oh, Paul. Paul can be good. He's maybe a bit too young for him, though."
He did look like a jock, however clichéd and stereotypical. His posture and the placement of the jacket somehow made him look bigger and muscular; it filled exactly the right places to deceive the eyes.
John had thought about it all afternoon, wondering what he should say. He liked Mycroft. He was nice, tall, smart - well, to be exact, insanely smart, he was a proper genius - and though he was controlling and authoritative, John found it hot. It was very sexy when Mycroft made everything right, instantaneously, with only a few words and facial expressions; John had the chance to see this firsthand when his dinner reservation was somehow cancelled. Yes, it was very attractive. John didn't manage to go through a film that night without touching Mycroft.
"But why? Who's following us? Is this connected to the crime you're investigating?"
"You know what. Or whom. I just told you."
They said, across Mary.
They stood on the pavement next to the crime scene, and John realized that he was still in Sherlock's suit jacket and Sherlock still in his rugby jacket. John was about to suggest that they finally switch clothes when Sherlock grabbed John's wrist and ran into a back alley nearby.
Two question marks and a hasty reply. Of course. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
John nodded. The back of his blond head glistened under the sunlight that seeped through the kitchen window.
. You are afraid if you do agree to it, it will be harder for you to break up with him afterwards."
John wasn't even going to ask him how he'd known that. Instead, he sighed and admitted defeat. "I don't know. I guess I'll just wait. Maybe one of my mates will see me and rescue me."
What the "Christmas with the parents" itself meant was pretty important, too, but the real thing was precisely what Irene had just told him. John could see it becoming clearer than anything else once Irene put it like that. He'd go to Musgrave (the last time he was at the place was still vivid in his mind), meet his parents and the whole family. He'll hear stories about Mycroft's childhood (although John couldn't imagine Mycroft as a child, not ever), about the silly little embarrassing details that will make the unassailable Mycroft blush like a teenager. He'll see photo albums and Mycroft's old room and he'll listen to him awkwardly talking about the experiences he'd had in his backyard, about how he'd dirtied himself with dirt and water because he must've been if he really didn't just jump out of her mum's belly already fully-grown. He'd show John the beautiful country sky in the night, and all the stars and the quiet and the fresh air will make John feel helplessly romantic, and he will fall. Fall in love with Mycroft.
"I'd be- what the fuck, Sherlock? How did you even get in here? There's a lock on the door!"
"I wish to read Chemistry," said Sherlock. "And I'm thinking Cambridge."
"Lead the way, Sherlock Holmes."
Ah. So this was indeed an escaped psychiatric patient. And she thinks that she is borrowing someone else's body. Sherlock gave a mental headcount of the closest psychiatric hospitals and tried to guess which one she had managed to escape from. But if she was indeed a runaway, how could she be wearing normal clothes and leave chalk powders on her sleeves?
Sherlock sat on the yellow bench between lockers. He was looking less blushing virgin and more like what John remembered of him in the rain.
"The last thing you wanted to see before you died was John's blog about how you two first met. About how he found you fascinating and brilliant."
Because Mycroft always disappeared in the mornings, their sexual encounter always ended in the night, and never extended to mornings. But John was always a big fan of morning sex. It made him feel invigorated. Seeing Mycroft all dressed up in his immaculate suit, his body poised and collected like always and yet with a crack in his self-control showing in a way not many could know - it was more motivation towards it.
"Okay, then. You're seventeen, almost of age, and you need a legal adult. Why are you here?"
John had to chuckle at that.
"What, couldn't deduce that?"
It was Sherlock Holmes, Mycroft's younger brother.
Useless, useless, useless.
"Don't you try that with me, young man. When I say no, I mean no."
That was true. "But you know people," said John. "You just know their psychology and stuff. You're like a psychic."
Irene smirked, as if she knew what was going through his head.
"Barts' university," answered Mycroft.
Her face became inscrutable. "But sometimes, when one of you get too fussy over something. Too obsessed. Too desperate. Too... too loud. Then it just wouldn't do, all right? It disrupts us too much. It's too loud."
Sherlock could feel the grip on his arms loosen. He didn't step away, however. Not yet.
"What?" John asked, suddenly self-conscious of his coffee-stained shirt. He inspected himself. Nothing was too terrible, well, nothing apart from the coffee. And the rain. And his soaking wet, rain-dripping hair. Damn.
John took his leg back, making sure he didn't make any contact. Mycroft didn't comment on it, but John could see that he was trying to figure out what John was doing.
"What? Ah. Right. I didn't have an umbrella and I wondered if you could help me."
Oh, it was Lestrade.
He took the makeshift rope in hand. It felt strong. The knots were in ways that John had never seen before. Probably one of those fishermen ropes or something. He made sure that both of his hands were tight on it, and started stepping onto the wall, putting his whole weight against the wall and the rope.
) and who had invited Sherlock up for tea, signaling that he wanted to spend more time with Sherlock. What if he invited John to a crime scene instead of tea? Would John still be up for it? John was a med student in his third year, surely he had autopsy classes - he couldn't be that affected by a dead body, despite the context of it being a victim of a serial murder. He also recalled John's excitement in his eyes when he fought Sherlock off and pressed him against the fridge the first time they encountered one another. John wasn't someone who recoiled at the face of dangerous situations, for sure. John's pupils dilated, his heartbeat elevated; in front of violence, he was excited, not afraid, and focused, not distracted.
It turned out that surprisingly, despite the staggering evidence that there must be a pink suitcase, there wasn't one.
Sherlock smirked, leisurely, contradicting his earlier, rather urgent movements.
"Suicidal? Well. What's life without a little risk?"
"......"
"So, um, what are we doing again?" John asked, changing the topic hastily.
That evening, Sherlock's parents insisted that Sherlock join them at the dinner table, as per usual. Mrs. Hudson was making boeuf bourguignon, one of Sherlock's least favourite
"No, it's... fine."
What was it about this boy that made the psychopathic assassin slip, only for a kiss? What was it, that made her confident that she'd made the right choice?
John realized that he'd just spoken out the last thought out loud.
"......"
), his leave has been satisfactory. He'd solved a serial murder, for one. The credit was going to Lestrade, but Sherlock couldn't care less about that. Because the case has been such hot topic for the public, Lestrade solving the case immediately put him on the express train to his promotion, which allowed Sherlock to grill a promise out of the DI that he will consult him with further cases (
Nobody responded, and silence continued. Sherlock didn't really expect much else from his brothers' minions, but it was worth a try.
was going on?
The answer came within seconds.
"... Her coat - it's slightly damp, she's been in heavy rain the last few hours - no rain anywhere in London in that time. Under her coat collar is damp too. She's turned it up against the wind. She's got an umbrella in her pocket but it's dry and unused. Not just wind, strong wind -too strong to use her umbrella. We know from her suitcase that she was intending to stay overnight but she can't have travelled more than two or three hours because her coat still hasn't dried. So - where has there been heavy rain and strong wind within the radius of that travel time? Cardiff. She travelled from Cardiff today intending to stay in London one night from the size of her suitcase."
Mystery man blinked. Sherlock watched his eyelashes, fair and blond and long, reflect the sunlight as he did.
Sherlock moved his hands below to his chin. "And how did I
Sherlock was, apparently, still enjoying himself. John rolled his eyes but he knew he didn't look too annoyed. He was too intrigued.
John took a forkful of his ravioli.
Hastily, he put his gear back on D, and they drove swiftly away, back onto the track to his parents. Hateful. Sherlock scowled.
"Let me guess. Is it written on my forehead?" He shouted.
Mrs. Hudson knocked on the open door of 221B. Sherlock looked up from the microscope, and in a matter of seconds, deduced that the client couldn't be more than a four. Tedious. A schoolteacher whose life problems couldn't be possibly anything more than her husband's (presumed) affair. And it wasn't even real. Her husband wasn't that much of a risk-taker.
John took a moment before understanding what Sherlock was talking about. The serial suicides. So the police actually called him? It was interesting news, but it still didn't answer his question.
The pouring rain somehow made a bit of a bubble around the two of them. John could feel Sherlock's warmth next to him, and it felt like everything around them was in utter chaos - the unbelievable vigour of the downpour, people running everywhere and cars honking and the bus splashing - while the two of them under the ridiculously huge umbrella were cocooned, safe, and cozy. The rain that somehow found its way to their knees and below only sharpened the contrast of how dry and comfortable he felt on his upper body.
"We rarely have guests over, and whenever we do, we receive notice beforehand. Mummy and father hate unannounced guests and so they make sure of it. They most certainly haven't been expecting someone like you. You weren't breaking in, however. You were having tea, of all things. Hardly the behavior of a break-in. Mycroft and Sherrinford never, and I mean
"Yes, dear. I'm not deaf."
John opened his mouth, closed it back.
"You really should let me out, there's a serial killer on the loose," Sherlock sung melodically. "Your wife will not be pleased to know about this, yes I'm talking to you, Mr. Driver. She's a hardcore romance fan. She already dislikes the fact that you had to work on your day off, and what will she say when she receives a phone call in the middle of the night informing her that you didn't so bravely rebel against your boss to save the lives of innocent Londoners? That you just conceded to the pressure of society instead? Oh, don't make that face, you must already know that none of you idiots can hide anything from people like me."
Sherlock hands him a business card that says
Sherlock has to chuckle. “That’s true. He was a bad cabbie. Should’ve seen the route he took us to get here!”
I don’t answer. Do I know what she means? I don’t think so.
When Mary doesn’t respond, neither verbally nor non-verbally, John continues. “You deserve to be with someone who can give you his undivided attention, someone who devours you above anything else. And I’m afraid I’m not that person anymore. I’m so s–”
“Are you sure? People might talk.”
“Why are you awake already?”
They lie down next to each other; Mary’s back curled against John’s torso. He nuzzles into her hair, taking deep breaths and inhaling her scent to calm himself. Frankly, he doesn’t recall the last time they lay together like this.
“That’s okay. Where do you keep your pain killers? If you’ve got ibuprofen it’ll help with the fever.”
in reference to him; and when it finally happened he would’ve never believed that John would ever say it with such discomfort.
“Obviously,” Sherlock replies and leans back in his chair.
“Anything you want. And if you truly believe in it, it will come true.”
So they do have something in common, at least. Sherlock can tell that she means what she says. It must cost her a lot to seek out her husband’s soulmate, to ask him to start a friendship with him.
He rings the doorbell. Sherlock isn’t expecting him so he doesn’t want to intrude. The woman who opens the door smiles at him, revealing a couple of dimples around her mouth and wrinkles around her eyes.
It’s easier to leave those words unsaid now, because I know they wouldn’t change anything. Sherlock Holmes is dead. I’ve learned to accept that. He’s not coming back from the dead like in some of those cheesy movies. He’s just dead.
Sherlock, surprised at the sudden interest in his field of work, finds that he doesn’t want the doctor to think he’s merely a chemist.
“Of course I don’t mind, John. Wherever I am, I want you there with me,” Sherlock replies with a shrug, as if it wasn’t one of the most romantic things he has ever said to John.
The pleading tone in John’s voice makes him look up.
“That has always been your area of interest.”
“I need to take a look at its hooves, John.”
“Course I don’t mind. We’ll meet there ten o’clock?”
“Well, I’m sorry, but I don’t remember meeting you before, Doctor....?”
“I don’t,” John says. The words hurt Sherlock more than he expected.
When he came to Baker Street that evening in February and couldn’t find Sherlock, he decided to stay. Firstly, because he knew that if Sherlock made up his mind and returned, he’d come back to his flat. Secondly, because he had nowhere else to go. He could’ve stayed at a hotel until he found a suitable flat, but he simply didn’t want to leave the only place where he could still feel Sherlock’s presence. Mrs. Hudson offered him to rent the flat for himself when she found out about Sherlock’s disappearance and John’s and Mary’s separation, and John agreed willingly. He has been staying in the upstairs bedroom ever since, not daring to sleep in Sherlock’s bed.
Sherlock finally releases a long breath and says “So, in fact…you, you mean…”
When the voice of that ginger-haired Brit whose name John always forgot started filling the air, Rosie dropped John’s hand and looked up at him expectantly.
Their conversation is interrupted by Angelo, offering them anything on the menu for free. “On the house, for you and your date,” he adds.
“I’m fine, thank you.” There’s an awkward pause between them. “Can I help you with this?”
“He's perfectly fine and in a warm bed, trust me.”
“Er, maybe I should clarify that I was joking.”
“You should get some sleep now,” he tells Sherlock. “I’ll be here when you wake up.”
“Soon,” he replies, making a swift motion with his hand. He gets up to approach me and stays still right in front of me. He’s probably deducing me right now. All I can do is stare into his right eye. He removed his stubble, I realise with a hint of disappointment. I kind of liked him with facial hair, although I would never tell him that. Especially not since he demonstrated his hatred towards my own so penetratingly in the past. He finally found what he was looking for in my gaze and retrieves to his room. I should probably not call it his room, since this whole apartment is his now, but I can’t help myself from referring to the upstairs bedroom as my own. Jesus, it’s been four and a half years since I’ve lived here.
“Well, you have just killed a man,” Sherlock explains. It’s not the only reason why he asks, but he doesn’t know what else to say.
“Yes, absolutely. And Mary?” he calls after her. “Thank you.”
“You are of course right, bee,” Sherlock said.
“I don’t know, John, it’s not like I’ve been watching you.”
“I’m not.”
“Sorry, what were you saying?” I am so caught up in my thoughts I didn’t hear him speak again.
Sherlock opens his eyes, his pupils blown wide and his expression still filled with lust and desire, and bends down to kiss John again. He lays down next to John on the small sofa, both ignoring the mess they just created. John turns slightly towards Sherlock, unable to keep his eyes off his soulmate.
“Holy shit, Sherlock,” I manage to get out through gritted teeth. I lean back down on the pillow and grab the sheets.
Sherlock wants to close the distance between them and hold John till the world ends. He closes his eyes for a second and fights the impulse instead. “I missed you, too.”
John carefully opens the package and reveals the black jewelry box that he doesn’t remember picking up at a store over two years ago. He opens it and his expression changes upon seeing the golden band inside.
He stops playing immediately and turns around.
“Do you really? That’s… nice. Thanks.”
John looks over at Sherlock, who’s still pacing the room, apparently deep in thought.
A silence stretches between them. John feels bad for eves-dropping, but he can’t bring himself to enter. He hopes that Sherlock can’t feel his presence, yet.
“You sod! I didn’t bloody know that! Don’t you dare ever do this to me again!”
Sherlock smirks, because how could John know that he’s already asked that several times. John gives him one last smile before he leaves for their room, and Sherlock thinks that John might start to see him the way he miraculously started seeing him in 2016.
“Gavin?” He asks.
“No, that’s not what I meant –“ Sherlock starts desperately. This conversation has taken quite a different path than he anticipated.
John’s hope was rapidly contained when Rosie asked whether her wish had worked in between a few sips of her orange juice.
Sherlock entered the kitchen, fully dressed, and came rushing towards John. He held up his hand, revealing a tiny black box inside. John had no time to wonder what the hell it contained when Sherlock stepped forward and opened it. Inside, two silver rings were held in place with the help of a white lace.
When John returned to the living room, Sherlock was typing something into his laptop so quickly that it made John envy his skills.
“Of course. How else is she going to replace me as the only consulting detective in the world?” Sherlock frowns.
“The size is most certainly not the only distinguishing feature,” Sherlock tells the angry-looking man behind the counter.
He follows the voice to Sherlock’s bedroom, and finds his friend lying in bed – a quite unusual sight, especially for this time of day.
There’s a small smile on Sherlock’s lips before he responds. “So what? It didn’t mean anything.”
Sherlock tightens the grip on the monocular telescope in his coat pocket. For some reason the cold metal has a comforting effect. He desperately needs a case, so he takes out the phone he bought yesterday on a whim and calls Mycroft before he has the chance to make up his mind.
“I don’t think there are any.” He looks up at John, his brilliant flatmate. His conductor of light, as he had once so embarrassingly declared aloud. How could Sherlock have missed something so obvious?
How bloody right she was.
We talk about the progress of the wedding preparations for a bit, and later I remind Sherlock of why he actually texted me.
“It’s a mobile, John, I thought that was fairly obvious.”
“Urgh,” Sherlock groans. “You can be such an idiot sometimes. If I didn’t love you, I might as well kill you right now!”
Sherlock doesn’t miss the quick glance Miss Adler gives John, which causes a strange feeling spreading through his chest.
“John,” he pants, his lips still only centimetres apart from John’s.
“That was a wonderful idea!” Sherlock protests. “It can come in very handy during cases.”
“Have fun at the pub,” Sherlock can’t stop himself from saying. He’s still looking at the ex-army doctor. There’s something about this man that he finds intriguing, something he can’t seem to deduce – more like an intuition.
“Course I wasn’t. Biding my time. I knew the police would turn up.”
He points at a large tree in front of them and starts jogging towards it. Sherlock follows immediately. There is a bicycle slightly hidden underneath a pile of leaves, but it's not alone. The body next to it is already cold. Dried blood on the forehead reveals the cause of death.
“What did you say?”
He stood up swiftly and decided to search for them in the flat anyways, just to be sure. There was no need to panic, yet. He started in the bathroom, then Sherlock`s room. With adrenaline in his veins and a pounding head he sprinted up the stairs. John`s own room was empty. He kicked open Rosie’s bedroom door with his left elbow and felt relief wash over him.
I stop, unable to form my thoughts into words. Suddenly, I have to giggle.
“…how did you know about Afghanistan?” I ask for the second time.
He doesn’t get to finish his sentence. John interrupts him by tilting his head forward and pressing his lips against Sherlock’s. At that, Sherlock’s mind goes blank. For a second, he doesn’t remember anything, not where he is, not when, not why, the only thing he knows is that John Watson is kissing him. It's a feeling of unknown sensation, something Sherlock has never felt before. His heart is beating so loudly that John can probably hear it. Sherlock slowly parts his lips and sinks deeper into the kiss. John tastes like toothpaste and aftershave and crime scenes and chasing criminals across London. He tastes like rainy sundays spent at Baker Street and like the perfume Sherlock secretly stole once because he wanted to smell John’s scent. Most prominently, however, he tastes like home.
“Of course, what is it?”
“Have you come to take us away again?” Sherlock asks him.
I shake my head in response and wait for him to fill me in.
“Well, it’s gotten quite late. Sorry we can’t stay longer, but I’m afraid Rosie needs her sleep, and I’m quite tired, too.”
“Bach’s violin concerto in A minor. I usually prefer Mendelssohn but his music is a bit too cheerful for the occasion.”
“Yes, honey, that’s right. But that doesn’t change the fact that I’m your Daddy and Sherlock is your Papa.”
Sherlock feels his heart skip a beat as the words sink in. He understands why a married non-person would be afraid to meet his person, but the logical conclusion doesn’t provide the comfort it should.
“Come on, bee, I don’t mind the rain,” Sherlock said.
feel things that way. And it’s that knowledge that makes him realise what he should’ve seen all along. He’d choose Sherlock over and over again – no woman could ever reach the same level of admiration and love John feels for the consulting detective in front of him.
“… you,” I finally finish. Sherlock starts to blink rapidly but doesn’t move nor speak. I decide that he’s probably thinking about my declaration and simply wait for him to answer. When he remains silent for a couple of minutes, I tap my foot. He hasn’t taken his eyes off of me.
Sherlock doesn’t even have a chance to reply when Miller pushes him inside.
“Please,” Sherlock interrupts, “Skip forward to your point.”
They sat down – Rosie and Sherlock on the long side of the bench and John on the shorter one next to Sherlock – and ordered. When they received their drinks John was but a little surprised to feel Sherlock’s hand being placed mere centimetres from his own on the table.
“I’ve wanted – to do this – for a long time,” Sherlock says in between kisses. John finds that he has never agreed more.
I wish I was as confident as him.
The question takes John off guard. “I…”
“Papa!”
“Then maybe I should stop having you around,” Sherlock replies. It’s meant as a joke but Sherlock is unaware that he’s hit a sore spot. John falls silent. Would it be better that way? Certainly easier, but not better.
And with that, he envelopes Sherlock into a small embrace. Sherlock inhales as much as he can from John and places his hands on John’s back. He closes his eyes and focuses on the rise and fall of John’s chest, remembering that John has finally woken up and is home where he belongs. It doesn’t feel like their usual hugs, though, because John only pats him on the back lightly as if he was hugging an old friend. Christ, even Lestrade hugged Sherlock more intensely when he had returned from the dead. Sherlock keeps his eyes closed for another second, trying to enjoy the moment, but it feels different, almost wrong. He loosens his grip on John’s back and takes a step backwards.
Things have changed in the last couple of weeks – in the last six weeks, to be precise. Sherlock has been distracted by his own thoughts, almost unable to focus at crime scenes. He keeps hearing muffled words like
“Oh, well, I’m glad to hear that you don’t need to think about us. You’ve got it all figured out,” I say and stretch the ‘all’ for emphasis.
“Now, when can I see him again? When can I bring him home?”
John says nothing. Sherlock feels humiliated. What was he thinking? Did the proximity to John shut down his mind completely? The worst thing is, he can’t even see John’s face properly, can’t deduce what John could possibly be thinking right now. Maybe the only way out of this is to finally confess everything to John. John is going to be mad, he probably won’t admit it right away, but eventually he’ll want Sherlock to sleep elsewhere. He’ll probably refuse to talk to him for a week, but can it get any worse than this?
sound while clicking together. Just as Sherlock exhales a deep breath and starts to intertwine their fingers, John uses his fingers to move Sherlock’s hand away from him and onto the bed’s armrest.
Sherlock is sitting on the same swing with John in front of him now. He carefully takes John’s hands into his own and takes a deep breath. He stares at John’s wedding band for a while and then looks up into John’s face, which he has last seen in this exact spot filled with love and desire. Now it’s filled with doubt, concern, and possibly guilt.
Sherlock nods and leaves the bedroom. He doesn’t notice what happens after that. It all feels numb. When John returns fully dressed and with a suitcase, Sherlock is sitting in his chair without any idea how he got there or how much time has passed. He distantly hears John putting on his coat and coming back into the living room.
They sit down and have breakfast together. John is quiet and Sherlock tries to overplay the situation by telling him more about their life. He has already made some sort of a plan on how to regain John’s memory. He texted Lestrade last night when he couldn’t sleep, declining all future cases for the next couple of days? weeks? months?– until John remembered. Sherlock has also mentally prepared a map of all the places he intends to visit with John, starting with Bart’s today. If this weren’t the most horrible thing he’s ever experienced, he could probably enjoy a walk down memory lane of his and John’s past.
“Keep your voice down.” He continues in a more serious tone. “You were gonna take that damned pill, weren`t you?”
“Are you sure?”
“And why is that?” John asked.
I make myself some breakfast in the kitchen. While buttering my toast, I take a quick glance at the calendar. I know what day it is today, but I can’t help it. Right next to the calendar, I suddenly see him standing against the door frame and grinning at me. Of course he has to show up today, that selfish git. I haven’t seen him this early in the morning in a long time. He must know which day it is, too. He watches me while I eat, the same way he used to whenever I ate and he wasn’t hungry or refused to eat because of a case. Before leaving for work, I make sure that he stays seated at the table, and I pray to myself that he won’t come to work with me.
Sherlock starts to think about the way John cares for his patients, about how he treats victims’ bereaved with a kindness Sherlock could never imitate, how he saved Sherlock’s life over and over again, risking his own in the process, how he’s the only person in the world willing to accept Sherlock for who he truly is. Words don’t seem to do him justice, but Sherlock tries anyway.
him. You wanted to impress him with all you've got, and so you try your best to gain information and try not to deduce him too much but - ooh, you panicked and just blurted everything out, didn't you? - and then you panic some more, which leads to you leaving with a wink and a comment about your riding crop in the morgue. So anxious and so flustered at the face of someone you like. Why, that's just adorable."
"You attacked me with a deer," said the man. "A
Danger!
"Anyways. I'm immortal, you see. And I live up there," she pointed at the ceiling. "And once in a while, I take a peek down here," she said, gesturing around herself," you know, what you humans call planet Earth. And I really like to take my time, you see. I just like to watch your little minds do the same thing over and over again until you finally leave your feeble bodies. But- hmm. This is where you come in, Sherlock."
He found the café and because he still had his wallet on, he could order himself a cup of tea. He liked coffee, but he felt too excited now to drink caffeine.
He had no idea what it was that went shuddering through his body as he watched his own reflection at the window.
"IRENE! STOP!"
"John," he started, wearing them. It looked out of place with how he carried himself now - a popular and brainless uni jock - and John still couldn't figure out what was going on.
"...'mate, me and the lads going to hit the club later..."
Sherlock paled, and he could feel his blood draining from his face. He then turned to the woman, or the angel or the demon, whoever it was, who was now watching them with a devilish satisfaction on her face.
"Speaking of your man, John. I haven't seen him this week," said Irene, still adopting her sensual voice. John hated it.
Sherlock pursed his lip. Even after all this years, the moment was inscribed into his memory, more than any others.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. If Mycroft feels comfortable about it? If it pertained to his work at the government, it wouldn't be a matter for Mycroft to feel comfortable about or not, because it's not about his comfort, but rather about the matter's confidentiality itself. It didn't make sense that someone so young and so obviously a student to be involved in high-risk, confidential government affair as well. The only possible option left was that this had to do with Mycroft's personal life.
He narrowed his eyes. A poker on his left.
John sighed.
"What do you mean, with the way I am?" Sherlock questioned, although his voice lacked the usual snap. His whole heart was out in the open, and he had nowhere to hide.
"Hey!"
He didn't have time to change, however, so he had to power through. He had his next class in two hours, and he could be expecting a short exam of some sort so he had to study at the library. While he was there, he had a text from his coach, who was letting him know that the practice was cancelled that evening. John sighed, because after all of the disturbing sessions and coffee-spilling of the day, he could really use some exercise to get it out of his system. Accepting his fate, he obediently turned his attention back to his textbook.
"Does he study medicine?"
What really bummed him out was when a stranger knocked the coffee cup out of his hand and effectively ruined the good shirt he'd put on. It was some partied-out student wandering around who didn't even apologize, and John was too busy making sure he wasn't burned that he couldn't go after the drunk with a demand for his laundry bills. When he finally made sure that the only damage done was to his brand-new button down, the stranger was long gone, leaving only heaps of exhausted, undistinguishable students in John's sight.
She scoffed.
Musgrave was quiet, almost always, but especially on Saturday mornings. On Saturday morning, the house was mostly empty save Sherlock, because mummy and father went shopping on their car and Mrs. Hudson did not come in until noon. The sound of birds chirping and wind swooshing through trees filled the house, compensating the typical chilliness of countryside mornings. Serene.
But of course, the luxury of seeing who was possibly one of the most dangerous men in London, completely undone, could last only for a couple of seconds. After the peak of orgasm, Mycroft was back to his detached, controlled self; cleaning himself and John up, not callously but not with affection, either, and then going to sleep without the cuddles and sweet-nothings that came in the afterglow of sex for most people. John was a bit hurt about it at first, but now he was okay with it. He understood Mycroft's boundaries, and he found no difficulty respecting them. So he slept, wordlessly, next to Mycroft's warm body. He wasn't kicked out of the bed after sex, at least.
It sounded ridiculous.
"John, really? I just dug out from Sherlock's mind and narrated all that you wanted to know about Sherlock! What he found so fascinating about you when you consider yourself so ordinary, why did he never tell you that he was alive, and why the fuck was he still around you when you feel terribly guilty about beating Sherlock at the morgue?"
Fascinating.
The look Irene sent John was full of pitiful adoration.
All of it happened within a blink of his eye. Sherlock's mind whirled, assessing the situation (
private, if he suddenly decided to bring a stranger to their childhood home unannounced.
"Yes."
"Okay, then. Why are you here?" John asked, finally. He then noticed that Sherlock wasn't wet. His curls were, although the air was slightly humid, perfectly calm. John then also saw that Sherlock has been holding a big umbrella in his right hand, which had created a small puddle underneath.
"I can see why you liked him from the first sight. A doctor, who served in the military. Who heals but also fights. A bundle of contradictions. Your mind-palace John says stuff like: "I'm an army doctor, that means I can break every bone in your body while naming them." Oh, my. Your kink is showing, detective."
your hallucination. Are you seriously doubting your own consciousness when you've been clean for five months, now? Oh, speaking of five months..."
"Yes I can, but it is important that you say it out loud."
Sherrinford was, according to himself and regrettably to Mycroft as well, the smartest of the three Holmes brothers. He was the oldest of them all, too. With seven more years on his back and a even bigger brain in his head, Sherrinford was already at the pinnacle of the British government. Behind closed doors and hushed whispers, he was the hidden figure that had the most powerful authorities at his very disposal; The PM, for example, was nothing but for a publicity stunt that Sherrinford could move around like he moved his pawns on his chess board. He wouldn't do anything bad, of course, not because he couldn't, but because of the sense of patriotism that he and Mycroft (inexplicably) shared.
Seeing John, Sherlock smirked, still in character, and gave him a lazy salute. John didn't have the chance to do anything (because he was so surprised at the hair) before Sherlock took his gaze away and ordered himself a cup.
Sherlock cleared his throat. The blond mystery man's face was less than fifteen centimeters away from Sherlock's. He could see confusion written all over the fine-haired brows and cerulean blue eyes.
Sherlock's eyes snapped open when he realized that he was straining against his trousers. He looked down and immediately observed a bulge in his groin.
John didn't miss the young boy's eyes widen as he took John in before looking away in haste.
John managed not to choke on his tea.
"I hate repeating myself, John." With that, Sherlock stepped outside into the rain.
He could not laugh at this, whatever it was, because it was his everything.
John moved his slow fingers as fast as he could.
"Hmm. Not really."
This afternoon, while he was buried in his pile of experiments, he had a message from DI Lestrade. A new suicide (
"What- What's going on?"
"Because you'd have his grief and hatred towards you a hundred times before you risked his life."
"That wasn't so hard. Although I'm not your dream."
Sherlock flicked a glance back at John. He looked bemused and intrigued. But it was only for a moment, after which Sherlock quickly turned his attention back on the road.
, he wanted to sneer.
"No," came the answer, hastily. "No, I can't."
Sherlock wasn't finished. "And why
That made the woman smile, which still didn't reach her eyes. "John Watson, of course."
"Kate's not going to her parents'?"
"About time!" Irene yelled over from the kitchen.
It looked horrifying.
Sherlock frowned. That wasn't right. Oh.
Then they went to bed.
The cops. How adorable. Unwittingly, a whiff of laughter escaped Sherlock's mouth. This surprised the agent on his right, although he thought he didn't show; but of course he noticed. Sherlock ignored it.
Sherlock regarded him with curiosity.
"Yes, John. Stop repeating what I say and just listen. We are being followed by someone who can control any CCTV in London. This is the only place in the vicinity that was safe from the cameras." Sherlock explained, gesturing around him. It wasn't surprising; it looked like the whole school had forgotten that such place existed, save for some students who came to smoke. "We don't have much time, though, before they eventually realize where we've went and ambush here."
Sherlock ignored it.
"Geese."
The crowd began to wane down as they started to dissipate, going by their ways, and as John sensed the one standing on his right side-eyeing him in confusion, he left the group and walked across the lawn. The chemistry building wasn't too far off.
"Now, don't do that. Let's not waste anymore time, shall we?" She said, as she leaned back in the uncomfortable client-chair and crossed her legs.
John hastily finished whatever was left on his plate, washed it, made Bill promise that he will change the lightbulb after eating, made Irene promise that she will replace the chair tomorrow - she said she will accomplish the task, and told John not to question her methods. John didn't want to know more. - and flew to his bedroom. He knew from the buzzing of his phone that Sherlock has texted him quite a few after what he's last checked. He sat down on his bed and checked his phone.
The next thing he could feel was John's arms, and the words: "I love you too."
"I don't know. We don't talk about that stuff. We meet once or twice a week and have sex. That's it."
John was grinning when he put his phone away and started studying.
"What are you doing for Christmas?" John questioned.
Useless, banal chatter. Sherlock sighed. Oh, the cross he had to bear.
Sherlock was holding on to the rope along with the help of some microscopes.
The driver didn't stop, but Sherlock knew his resolve was getting weaker.
) and he relaxed his body, realizing that he was in no imminent danger. This stranger was clearly not a threat. He was, indeed, a brilliant combatant, but by no means a criminal.
Silence.
"He's twenty-four."
John thought she'd be just perfect for the job, and told her so. She thanked him with a kiss on his cheek.
John spluttered. "Stop it or I'm leaving you."
. Although Mycroft cringed and winced at the overt clichés, John could see that he appreciated the intensity and the beauty of the sentiment that was central to the theme. As far as John knew, Mycroft wasn't an emotional man, and he certainly stayed away from making romantic gestures to John. It didn't take a genius to know that Mycroft appreciated sentiment as long as it wasn't his own.
He could feel through the rope that Sherlock was putting his own weight down on the other side. Step by step, John climbed. To not slip against the slippery concrete wall with only the help of a rope was a challenging thing. He was very close to slipping and left dangling on the rope - that was the worst case scenario, because Sherlock won't be able to lift him up and eventually, John will have to crash into the dirty concrete floor - but he didn't, and finally, he could set his foot on the windowsill that looked like it hasn't been cleaned for a decade.
But Mycroft could also see the tension in his shoulders that couldn't be found in twenty year-olds, the flick of his eyes towards possible weaponry whenever he thought he could sense danger, and most of all, the terribly well-hidden sense of ennui, concealed and repressed under the bright ocean-like eyes and wonderfully kind smile. The kind that could be found in those who were bored of life, bored of existing. Those who were dangerous. Those who were...
"Then there's the run, the chase. Doing it with someone else, it was something really different, was it? And then John giggles, and it's so clear that he enjoyed it as much as you did, and oh, Sherlock, my heart breaks. Really? There hadn't been a single person who enjoyed what you enjoyed, before John?"
"I'm... what you mortals call an Angel. Or a Demon. Your choice, really."
"I'll eat the boeuf once it's ready," answered Sherlock, still keeping his feet where they were.
"Sherlock, it's important, trust me," said Sharon, her eyes levelled at him, steadily.
"Listen, I-"
"Sherlock," said John. "What are you doing here?"
"What are we doing here?" John asked, walking up near him.
Sherlock nodded, lifting his teacup in the air as a scrambled attempt at a toast. "Maybe."
"From the moment you figured out he shot the cabbie, there was just no way out. I'm sorry. The universe has indeed been cruel to you, hasn't it?"
"What does it even mean?" John asked. "Going to meet the parents at Christmas? People just do that, right?"
For some reason, Sherlock seemed satisfied. "Sure you don't have anyone else to call?"
suicide, murder, Sherlock corrected him) had just been discovered, he'd said, and that he wanted Sherlock to take a look at it. He begrudgingly admitted Sherlock's theory of the serial suicides actually being serial murders because in this case, there was a note, and it hardly looked like a note left by someone who was going to kill herself.
"I don't need to answer that."
Several minutes later, John found himself crowded against the kitchen counter by a fully aroused Mycroft Holmes.
Mycroft broke out of his reminiscing at John's change of posture. He was checking his phone, probably wondering why Mycroft wasn't already there. He didn't receive anything on his phone, though, because John had learned tactfully that Mycroft preferred to initiate contact with John.
Laughter turned into giggles, and Sherlock followed him in low rumbles.
His phone buzzed, and the two agents did not budge at the sound. Sherrinford was not confiscating his phone this time, then.
Vessel.
"Ooh. John does, apparently." Bill teased.
"But you also had the Holmes brain with you, and it made you constantly mock your own heart. You wanted to be a machine, that's what you'd say, but deep in your heart, you wanted to be a pirate. Your brain sneered at stuff like dancing, but your body loved it. You lived off the high on solving crimes, but at the same time, you knew that the criminals were wrong to inflict harm on the innocent. Contrary to what Sergeant Donovan would say, you'll never be the reason they find a body, because no matter how you aspire to be, no matter how much your Holmesean brain tells you to be, you can never be evil."
Sherlock snipped. "Mycroft is seeing someone?"
Sherlock nodded once, and then twice. "Of course. Please do."
"I- er, I should change-" John fumbled with his hands, pointing at himself. He just had a towel around his waist. He really wasn't expecting to see anyone in the kitchen.
Sherlock scowled. "What? Why would I ever do
John half-rolled his eyes. Of course he has a bloody chef coming in at Eight o' clock in the morning.
"Not now, John."
All the labs he could get access to - It excited him.
Sherlock remained still.
"You... you...!"
Oh, God. He was going to fall in love with Mycroft and he was going to regret it, because he'd never be satisfied with what they had now if he was
, sound, still not looking at her eyes.
When John asked Mycroft what he meant, he was met with an even more surprising answer.
. It just blurted out of his mouth.
The phone stayed quiet longer than before. Probably having a mid-walk crisis at the fact that the man he's been dating was, in fact, omnipotent. Sherlock let out a low hum, tapped his feet against the seat of his car, and deduced people that he could see through the car window.
"What did you do to your hair?" John asked when Sherlock came to sit in front of him with a cup.
"That's what I should ask
, and he was just overall, utterly and undoubtedly, uninterested in anything that would secure a bright future ahead of himself. The other two Holmes brothers thought differently.
It took a moment before John realized that it was Sherlock.
Power of gaze. The power inherent in the unilateral structure of those who watch and those who are watched. It's typical, a cliché; the reasons, the mechanisms of such power structure have been dissected up to the smallest element by countless scholars. Nonetheless, just like anything serious ever is, it is absolute.
"Alright, then."
John didn't catch all of it, but what John could hear, it was ridiculous. The accent was like he'd learned it from a book or something. And the content of it was equally ridiculous. He must be thinking of the stereotypical, media-portrayed university jocks that hit the club 24/7 because they don't have something better to do.
John silently agreed to this, because even if John wasn't penniless, London cab fare was something that he could not afford easily.
Sherlock shrugged. "Shot in the dark, really. Your phone, it's expensive, and it has engravings on the back that says Harry Watson. It's not difficult to deduce that this is your gay sister that you'd told me the last time we had... an
He stepped into the light, and at the face of a surprised-looking blond young man, he took his throat and then-
Mycroft nodded. He still looked perfectly impenetrable, and John wondered if he's a jerk for being relieved at Mycroft looking unhurt.
"There you go! That wasn't too bad, was it!"
John stared at it, not knowing what it meant, and then-
"Well then. I'll be off now. Oh, and boys?"
"I told you already, John. I need you."
Sherlock could feel every single one of his brain cell tingle.
." Bill teased. John didn't look up.
Sherlock started his way without even asking John where to, and John hurriedly caught up with him, lest he got soaked again.
Sherlock waved his hand, trying to look dismissive. It failed, because his eyes were still on his feet. "Please. Child's play." He took what looked like a lockpick from his coat pocket and held it in the air, giving a second for John to take a look.
"I am going to climb this-" said Sherlock, pointing at the pipe stuck on the wall. It was rusty and slim. "And you are going to help me. I need to get into that window."
To pick someone like that off the street would take time. And Sherlock didn't have much time. The corpse was decomposing every second he took. Lestrade has promised him two hours, and insisted that he had to send the body off to the morgue after that. A corpse too far in its decomposing state wouldn't be too much useful for Sherlock as well. He needed to see, he needed to observe everything before the idiots at NSY erased everything significant from the scene by removing the body with their intrusive, idiotic hands.
For the next few minutes, John helped Sherlock step on his shoulders and then his backpack. The boy was surprisingly heavy, despite being scrawny on the outside. John managed it without much difficulty, however, because Sherlock distributed his weight well between John and the rusty pipe. John understood why he wore those gloves before climbing.
"Oh my god," said John, feeling little drops of tears welling up near his eyes. "You absolute lunatic. When did you even- I can't believe you."
"I do. But that's not the important thing, isn't it? I guess I should just say no."
John snorted. The boy must have gotten his number earlier in the rain. Sneaky bastard.
"I'm not surprised. He's a private man, isn't he?"
"......"
Sherlock looked back, and winked. "The roof, of course."
"I mean. You can come up for tea, if you'd like? Our flat's nothing fancy, but you can dry your fancy trousers until the rain stops."
. But would the idiots that call themselves the police listen? No. So I had to make my own investigation, and follow a man who could have a motive to kill the swimmer. Unfortunately, I was noticed, he phoned the police, and I got a restraining order."
This was his mind.
"Bart's? Why are we at bloody Bart's?"
"... Do you think so?"
Sherlock observed him with a curious glance.
Mycroft told the driver to continue, and when they approached John, John's face broke into a smile.
John took his time comprehending all that, and said: "Well- we've only met twice."
John was making tea, Irene was on her phone and Bill was watching the telly. It was one of those rare evenings where all three stayed in after dinner.
John took a while to understand what Sherlock meant, and then snorted.
That did it. His mother sighed, closed her eyes, removed her reading glasses and put them on the coffee table. She then looked over at his son. Sherlock continued, not giving her a chance to stop him in advance.
"Do you know anything about him?" Unwittingly, his voice came out cross. His mother didn't comment on it if she noticed. She watched Sherlock curiously.
What was happening to him, he had no idea. For the first time since he'd been forcefully seated in the car, Sherlock's brain stayed quiet, overwhelmed in anticipation and fear of the unknown change that has been made within himself, his own body betraying himself so furtively and stealthily, utterly unbeknownst to him.
"-Anyways, you called me earlier, John?" Irene asked as she started the microwave for one minute.
"...How long- how-?"
"What do you mean it's broken? And yes, you did mention it." Irene frowned.
, and mummy was giddy with the news she'd collected from her morning shopping. If that wasn't enough, father has just put his brown notebook on the sitting room table, which meant only one thing: he wanted to talk about university with Sherlock over dinner. Everything was practically putting Sherlock off, and all he wanted to do was to shut himself up in his room and go back to his experiment.
"Hey! I'm at least- well, how old are you, exactly?"
"The thing, at the tarmac. The thing that you wanted to say but gave up last minute, what was it?"
"I told him I had to think on it."
"Ready to go?" Sherlock could hear Mycroft asking John in a soft voice.
Sherlock took his suit jacket off without taking off John's rugby jacket in breakneck speed and threw it over to John, unannounced. Thank god John caught it, because it certainly wasn't the type of thing that fitted the treatment to a filthy, questionably littered concrete floor.
"Maybe. Um. That's what I wanted to ask you about. Do you remember Mycroft?"
John stared at it and the unknown number. The signing was too familiar, but he wasn't 100% sure.
There's now way she could've known that, no way, unless...
He refused to answer.
John ushered after him. Sherlock was standing near the back wall, and he was donning his coat off.
"......"
Sherlock watched John's sagged shoulders and blond-grey top of his head as he realized that - he couldn't do that.
None of them realized anything; the group of students were comprised with friends, acquaintances, and strangers. Nobody cared and nobody knew that there was someone that wasn't from their physics 301 class. John made sure not to look too stiff nor too casual as he merged himself among the pile of suit jackets and posh accents - and like that, he was successfully out of the building in what couldn't be more than a minute.
Sherlock grumbled an assent.
"Hmm. Nicked some oil from the lab. Nothing hard."
Oh, that was so more exciting than his eight-hundred page textbook on biochemistry. Even if all John gets to do is to show his ID and stand next to Sherlock like an idiot.
"And then what you can describe as the best day of your life happened. He said, "The Police don't consult amateurs," and up until that point, you have so carefully stopped yourself from blurting out all those deductions in your head, afraid that you'll scare off someone you liked. But because you are a show-off who couldn't stand being called an idiot, you had to say it all out, and when you were finished and was almost half-convinced that the doctor was going to kick you out of the cab, what did he say? "That, was... Amazing." "Extraordinary. Quite, extraordinary." You were quite surprised, weren't you?"
"Well, I- I'm not thinking of breaking up at all, but-"
"Anyways. He asked me to spend the holidays with him and his parents."
"That settles it, then." Sherlock opened his ridiculously big umbrella, which opened with a 'pop,' and sprinkled raindrops everywhere. "Come along. I'll share with you."
Irene was back on tinder, and John continued his brooding.
Massaging her temple for the imminent headache, she picked up her phone from her lap. Really, there was only one thing she could do.
John padded over and sat across Mycroft, who went back to his plate. English breakfast was John's favourite.
She stared at him, brows furrowed. "And what did you tell him?"
"A WHAT?"
Useless! How could the NSY be this incompetent?
He had 9 a.m. class, first of all, which was bad in itself, but he could endure it. Mike took it with him and they always watched out for each other in case one of them were late and needed notes. This time, it was Mike who overslept, and John gave him his notes with a good-natured slap on his back. It didn't mean that John wasn't tired, though. After the 9 a.m. Chemistry lecture, John had practice sessions with one of the OBGYN professors, and boy, did he see some stuff. Although he was bisexual and he was sure of it, he felt like he'd just stick with men after one of those classes. But all of that wasn't too big of a deal in the daily life of a med student.
He locked his gaze into John's, and John spent a moment pondering what he should do as he gazed back. If he noticed the almost-iridescent colour of Sherlock's eyes, he ignored it.
Mary laughed “Oh please Sherlock not this again. Stop being so bloody obtuse. There is no Mrs Norbury. It was me. I betrayed them. I was offered a better deal, a better job and I took it”
“Why though?” John asked.
“I will be playing Bach’s Sonata No 1 followed by Chopin’s Nocturne Op 9 No 2” The man said shortly and placed his bow on the violin.
Jameela tried to get a look at the car number but it was sellotaped over . The car make and model was too unclear as the streetlights were barely flickering.
"Thanks Mrs Hanglem. You can call me Jameela you know". Jameela said with a slight but polite smile at the woman who sat on the other armchair and crossed her legs , adjusting her nightie .
Sherlock stopped “Re-really?”
“I wouldn’t dream of asking.” John said smiling and pecked her cheek as he ran out towards the third table from the back where Irene, Sherlock and the cat loving Molly Hooper from Anatomy sat.
So this is a bit of a filler chapter to bring the characters where they're at. Sorry if its boring.
Lisa looked down at John and Sherlock and threw the lock picker at him and ran. Sherlock shouted and ran after her.
“No thanks I’ll stand”. Jameela said as she looked her straight into her eyes.
Usne bola tha- she had said.
John clasped the chain around his neck tightly at the pain that echoed  through his chest everytime he remembered James. The furtive looks, the desperate kiss in the rain on the hill… The desperate groping in the closet.
“ Yeah. I think so. Probably”. Jameela said as she cast one more admiring and wondering look back at the extraordinary woman who somehow still looked mysterious and charming when she was cursing and hitting her computer.
“Are you saying you lost my sunglasses? The brand new one? The one you begged to borrow for your date and told me you wouldn’t lose it 100%??”
Her height also was not preventing her covert ogling since the moonlight shone on her face and arms, as Jameela bent to look outside. Her biceps were well defined and a bit of bulk in them, definitely active in the war field. She rolled her shoulders once in a while , to relieve the injured shoulder muscles and keep them from seizing up.
“He told me Anderson was cheating on me. Telling me he wasn’t fit to touch my dirty cleats, let alone go out with me”. Sally muttered.
Sherlock stared at the traitorous lying not so ex assassin who had shot him and threatened him- and was John's wife  “Mary, I’m sure you don’t mean that. Tell me, give me a sign whether Mrs Norbury’s here”
"Lots. Enough for a lifetime. Far too much."
"He wouldn't just call a sari seller at the dead of night". Shanaya quipped.
“And they are in the oven!” Mike interrupted with a dramatic ‘aha’.
The woman removed her phone and scrolled through something “ If you do move above the shop into 221B . I could pay you a sum of money to help you ease your way. Pay the rent.”
"Hi. Did you finally appease Mrs Hanglem about your sleeping habits?" Jameela asked.
“What is wrong with the masses today? Why is everyone being so hatefully boring and dull? Why are they being so stupid? Why? Why hasn’t she called yet?!” Shanaya stopped pacing suddenly.
Don't worry next chapter , more interaction by our cuties.
“You can still fuck off” Jameela said.
Sonepuri silk with gold border and flowers. Much better. Shanaya motioned it into the Yes basket.
A collective groan went around the table.
"A consulting code-breaker. Like in England in World War 2. I invented the job." Shanaya claimed.
After a quick but refreshing shower, John took out the last clean shirt he had from the back of the cupboard, his Kinks Wembley 1986 T-shirt which fit snugly over his stomach.
“Mrs. Hardikar-
“You promised me Moriarty.” Mary said as she kept the gun steady on Sherlock as she spoke to her current employer.
Shanaya barely looked up from her phone as she answered “Bhagalpuri silk sarees are for formal ceremonies”.
Dr John Watson, walks down a solitary road with a lunch box. Dressed in her white coat. She is short but muscled. She walks with the familiar march of a soldier on duty, her back straight and looking ahead.Old habits die hard.
“Who? Irene? Irene’s a friend. A nosy friend who insisted she be a part of this, even when I told her not to” Sherlock scowled.
“You shouldn’t have.” Shanaya said matter of factly. But the way she put the blouse and fall in the bag and handed it over to Jameela, indicated to her that she was forgiven.
Sally scowled but didn’t disagree “Fine. But honestly Greg just let me at him once this case is over and I’ll tackle his Royal Poshness of Dolce and Gabbana fame into the mud, I’m not joking.”
John looked to where she was pointing to see a tall woman in a green off shoulders dress saunter onto the stage like on a catwalk.
But among the maelstrom, there was one voice that became louder. Jameela struggled not to buckle under the pressure of that now almost deafening voice, as she walked out of the Officers Mess.
“Fine, whatever. Where is it?” Mike asked.
Oh. I see. I assume you’ve accepted?
As the police took away a snarling and shouting Lisa, John leaned back onto the stand, trying to catch his breath, after a second Sherlock leaned back next to him.
Until James’ father was transferred to Australia.
Okay… that’s a first.
Jameela frowned questioningly, as if she sensed the trap " How was I right?'
Jameela put the phone back and got into the car.
“Ah yes, the brave soldier. But in this case your bravery is a foolish idea” The woman said ominously.
annoyed.
That day. At the bench, when I said about those things..
Mr Choudhary reached for the glass jug on the table nearby and poured himself a glass of water. His fingers were shaking a little bit. From fear or anger, Jameela couldn't tell.
“But you can’t bear to live in any other city. That’s the Jameela I remember”.
As the car sped off into the night behind her, Jameela's shoulders loosened and she let out a breath she didn't realise she'd been holding the entire night. The security guard finally heard the scraping of the trunk against the ground and woke up to let her inside the building.
“Woah!”  “Donovan, we’re still…vulnerable here! Let us put on our clothes first”.  Another round of choruses from the entire male locker room came out.
“How the hell do you know about my sister?” Jameela said.
pani – puri - the greatest food India can make apart from dosa and idli.
“Yeah, but I smell more than my clothes right now. So shower first and then laundry. Anyway I need to go to the library to study afterwards”. John said as he opened the door to his room.
Sherlock and John fell back slightly as Sherlock whispered into his ear “Greg and Coach Perry are waiting with the police in the Coach’s office. I think she’s about to make her attempt into the money locker. Keep close and don’t spook her. Try and let your friend know as well.” John nodded sharply and walked behind them.
What could there be?
You can probably make it I think. http://www.vegrecipesofindia.com/gulab-jamun-easy-gulab-jamun-recipe/
"Hold on. Where you going?" Jameela demanded as she dropped her bags on the floor and followed her outside.
“Why did he drag us with him?”
Who the fuck was this lady ? Jameela wondered as she glanced warily at the tappy-tapp sound of the assistant texting someone-probably the creepy lady. Keeping an eye on her most likely.
Shanaya abandoned her stitching to pick up her phone to calm herself down. The battery had gone out- damn.
Shanaya turned to the door and said “The name is Shanaya Hardikar. Welcome to the Baker Street Saree Market”. She smiled a bright smile at the gaping doctor and walked into the backroom.
“Damn” Jameela said slightly impressed. “Did you ever find out who it was?”
sweet shop.
dimag kahi ghaas charne gaya hain- your brain has left you to chew the cud . My grandmother says that lol. Basically it means that your brain has left to graze with the cows.
Murray shifted guiltily “I don’t know what happened! I had them until we got back to her place and then I remembered them with me when I came back to uni and…
I thought it was my fault. I thought I wasn’t careful enough. I sneaked out and I went to her with some vague plan of elopement. and saw her taking a cheque from my parents. And then she said “Shame, your daughter was more fun than the usual girls I have to work with.”
Shanaya had barely exhaled one breath as Jameela uttered something completely mad and glorious.
Ghazia remained unperturbed, clearly having heard this rant before; she held her hands up in surrender “As you wish. Anyway, my break is over. Khuda Hafiz Shanaya.”
“Over the last week, more shitty graffiti has come up in both lockers Sally. The pitch was dug up in the middle of the night before we had to play our quarters. All players are scared to play since their lucky items are disappearing. John lost his lucky denim jacket along with my lucky police cap. Coach is getting more pissed and he’s afraid that the money locker- where the money for our gear and travel is kept will be next. He’s our best option. Even if he’s bonkers.” Greg said.
“The other cats from Tom and Jerry are chasing Nibbles and Jerry in my cerebrum. The smell of the sausages is the only thing that stops them from making too loud a noise”. John mumbled, rubbing the grit from his eyes.
Oh gods I need to do something before I tell this idiot that his wife is leaving him coz she thinks he’s having an affair and is taking the children.
“Damn really? The famous Stamford brownies. Finally” John said.
John sits on her usual bench. Her tiffin holds the remnants of dal roti and rice. The tiffin had pretty much been wiped clean. John looks to and fro from the viewpoint.
She knew danger. She knew what "interested parties" did and how they could intercept and contact people. She may have been a doctor , but she had never been immune to Army politics or the machinations of the government , trying their best to manipulate an already fraught environment .
As the mother left with the bag muttering uncomplimentary words in Marathi for Shanaya, the daughter hung back “Dude, how did you know about my dad?”
“Medicine or Dentistry?” Sherlock Holmes repeated again with a touch of asperity.
“ Too long love.”
“If you wouldn’t mind
She went to the window and as Shanaya hailed her autorickshaw from the opposite road, she remarked to herself ,"She's found another one".
Okay. I don't-
“ I’ll remember” Shanaya said as she chewed the end of her lip seemingly lost in thought. She walked away to the table and put the maroon sari to one side.
“ Oh no , I ensured he was found guilty”. Shanaya smiled at her with that disarming smile again.
The car stopped. “Here we are boys.”
Now, three days, eleven hours and seven minutes later, he’s still sitting in the chair next to the hospital bed, holding John’s hand, and waiting for John to finally come back to him. His face is covered with little cuts where the glass touched him. The doctors check in on John every now and then, trying to persuade Sherlock to go home and leave Dr. Watson in good hands, but Sherlock doesn’t really hear them. All sounds have turned into background noises, the beeping of the monitors around John the only sound keeping Sherlock from going insane. He hasn’t left this chair in three days, and he doesn’t intend to until John wakes up. He won’t leave this place without him. Mrs. Hudson, Greg, Molly, and even Mycroft have visited, along with some other relatives of John’s and Sherlock’s, like his sister-in-law Harry or Mummy and Daddy. Most of them cried at John’s side but seemed more than worried about Sherlock as well. They tried to convince him to leave to at least take a shower or eat something, anything, but they didn’t understand. How could anyone understand? The person in the bed next to him isn’t only Sherlock’s husband; he’s Sherlock’s best friend, his blogger, his conductor of light, and the love of his life. And the fact that he’s lying here is all Sherlock’s fault.
Sherlock seems to enjoy the praise. He plants kisses all over my face and I have to giggle. “Will you let me return the favour?” I ask.
a voice in the back of his head whispers. The voice sounds suspiciously like Mycroft’s.
(See the end of the chapter for
Upstairs, the flat is unusually quiet. Sherlock remembers John talking about lying down earlier, so he relaxes a bit and goes to the bathroom. He freezes when he opens the door and sees John standing next to the shower, completely naked. John gives a sound of surprise and quickly grabs his towel from the toilet seat to wrap around himself. Sherlock can’t help but smile.
“See, you know –“ but John’s words are cut off by the lights suddenly turning on. Sherlock stares up at John, who’s looking down at the timer and lets out a groan, his face in shock.
Sherlock clears his throat. He can imagine little John on the back of a horse quite vividly. It's an image he will have to add to John’s room in his mind palace later.
“And somebody loves you. If I had to punch that face, I’d avoid your nose and teeth, too.”
“I can’t afford London on an army pension,” I admit. Eventually, I will have to move to the countryside. Get back to work, obviously not as a soldier but as a doctor. It could be nice, I guess.
