“Ah… what I mean is… there is only one grocery store in Valentine, so everyone just calls it The Store.”
“She wants to keep dating,” Clint told his very interested family as wandered back in afterwards. “She said she really likes me, and she was sorry Tony almost got hurt, and to Thank everyone for helping catch Alexi since that means S.H.I.E.L.D. is taking her seriously now.”
“Sure,” the brunette who had to be Wanda replied cheerfully, snagging the phone out of the pocket of the guy with the bleached hair. “See? I told you couldn’t just go off and visit Crystal. Steve would have worried all night if we didn’t have the phone.”
The drive to Scranton was full of gossip, Tony had plenty of complaints about the people he was dealing with in trying to get the old factory converted to whatever its new purpose was meant to be. Steve listened and commiserated as Tony drove him towards whatever was planned for next.
of the events surrounding the rejection of its inheritor by a clan home started the first rustlings of unrest that I was aware of… though as I did my research I discovered that you had been causing unrest and questions from the day you were fledged.” Phil studied Steve quietly for a few moments after that.
“That doesn’t mean I can’t go visit Crystal,” either Clint or Pietro replied, “It just means I can’t take the phone with me when I go.”
“No… umm… something good actually…or at least, I hope everyone will be happy for me.” Steve stuttered a little.
“Pepper and Rhodey told me they were your favorites. I got them talking about your past vacations when they were here for the house warming.”
“I emailed you before I realized there was a phone here. Do you remember when you told me I should be prepared for some giant extravagant gift and I should be careful not to make him think it was unwanted?”
“Oh. Ok.” Steve turned back to the door a trilled a clear come hither, so the rest of the dragons spilled out into the courtyard behind him. Tony easily slithered into his favorite spot under Steve’s wing, while Clint and Phil tucked against each other near the door and Nat prowled the courtyard for a minute before hopping up onto the wall by the gate where she had a lovely view of the path down the cliff side.
“I’ve read about Purple Mountain Clan, and their refusal to change even as their old fishing spots no longer offer food enough for the clan. I’d have offered new ideas, been shot down, and become desperate to leave.” Tony added thoughtfully.
“I think it sounds like a good idea. If you end up in the hospital or something, Pepper should be the one making business decisions, not me.” Steve said.
“This is fine. I really like Galaxy Quest.” It was more than fine really, and Tony was half asleep, sprawled across Steve’s chest by the time the show ended, so Steve let it run a second time. It was Tony’s alarm, set to keep him from forgetting his planned activities that roused them, and Tony was quite annoyed about it for a moment. Sprawled across Steve with the big blonde’s fingers tracing meaningless shapes across his arm had been incredibly comfortable.
“Why don’t I take you over to the store instead? They have a bigger variety, and usually their stuff is cheaper.”
Tony drifted awake slowly. Comfort, heat and the soft edge of remembered exhaustion driving him to curl back into sleep and fight the dancing ideas trying to lure him towards wakefulness. Curling up was harder than usual as he seemed to have about three extra limbs. His head snapped up, and up, and up some more before he froze, disoriented. Nothing around him was familiar, but it was breathtakingly beautiful. A rainbow of colors he had no name for twined its way across the walls surrounding the sandy pit he was sleeping in. It was the large, mostly blue form next to him that allowed him to place himself. Steve, his beautiful Steve, sleeping curled mostly around him in a place that was shaped like… Steve’s room. But the Colors! Tony had always thought the paint job in Steve’s room, all the dragon rooms, oddly blocky and bland. Now, staring around at the gorgeous and intricate wall patterns Tony finally, truly understood why color names translated so very poorly between languages. How much effort had it cost Steve to paint the human bedrooms in colors and patterns that humans could see and find pleasing? The intricate etchings Steve added to their brass work had clued Tony in to Steve’s artistic tendencies long ago, but he’d never realized just how talented an artist Steve truly was.
Clint attempted to nod to let her know that he had understood, and she released her grip on him. “Alexi?” he whispered back, lips almost touching her ear.
“Home.” It didn’t look like a home. It didn’t look like it had ever been remotely welcoming. Something about Steve had Tony picturing a lovely little suburban house with a white picket fence for his weird poly family to live in. Not this…
“No.” Phil interrupted. “You did everything you could possibly have done. You were one dragon against an entire corrupt council. Every dragon who stood aside and let you face the corruption alone deserves to feel shame, but you did everything it was possible to do to bring that murderer to justice.”
“Aww, come on Steve.” Pietro whined. “I’ll bet Tony has read some of those comics, or seen the Smithsonian exhibit, or something. He’ll see the similarity if you just do the pose.”
“Yeah, I, uh, don’t do that. Everything I need was shipped to Scranton and is just waiting for me to arrive.”
“Domestic geese…” Tony murmured to himself, remembering last time Steve had traded with one of the farms beyond the woods, and how much he had enjoyed his snacks.
“I … should probably pick things like that up.” Tony agreed hesitantly. “Would you mind taking me back over to the Stop and Shop? I think I saw stuff like that there.”
“I was a knight in my own clan, but I abandoned my shield when I left them. I refused to carry their colors any longer.”
“I… there is nothing wrong with the room I started in, I’m just used to being able to see around our camp at night. It’s been a long time since I slept in a building, and the few I do sleep in are wood, and have windows.”
“Can I join in the conversation?” Tony asked thoughtfully. “I’m not much of an art aficionado, but I do like Arrival of the Normandy Train, and I’ve always thought it was a shame that no one wants to talk about it with me.” They eventually moved from chatting about impressionists to watching a three hour miniseries about them. Along the way Tony learned that the red-head was named Natalie, and she was Clint’s newest valentine.
“So you don’t tell him I’m a body guard. You say ‘I was recently married’ then hand me down out of Steve’s shield and introduce me. He’ll assume I’m your new spouse. That’ll also block any attempt on his part to marry you off to some relative of his to manipulate himself into your inheritance.” Nat replied.
“Do you want me to put something else in?” Steve asked hesitantly, gathering up used mugs and dishes. He had returned with a fresh cup of coffee before Tony replied.
“You should probably have a childhood like Steve’s should have been. With three living hatchlings your parents would definitely have pledged you to a clan early for the help in providing food. Any gaps in your knowledge of dragon things can be blamed on inexperienced parents who were working too hard to feed you to worry about your education, and the fact that you had no input on clan choice would explain why you were so eager to leave. Star clan was famous for its dedication to innovation, with Tony as a sibling the incredibly conservative nature of your first clan…Purple Mountain Clan is famous for being conservative… would have been something to escape.” Phil offered.
Queen Peggy’s guards spilled into the courtyard first, and Steve greeted the Howling Commandos politely by name. They were an almost familiar sight up here, General Fury’s elite bandit hunters conferred regularly with Steve about what he may have seen on his patrols. “Looks like it’s a might busy up here today.” Dugan said thoughtfully as he gestured back to the road up the rock face and chewed on his cigar. “We can wait till you’re done with the rest o them. Were gonna bivouac here tomight least ways, n’less you mind.”
Tony took a big bite to give himself time to formulate a response, but then his chewing turned thoughtful. “Are these homemade noodles?”
“You did such a good job that I had no idea how vast the difference was going to be. I knew from my reading that colors didn’t translate right but I thought ‘they see more shades than we do’ not ‘there is a vast array of colors and light that humans are incapable of experiencing’.”
Steve sat just within their open gate, waiting for the guests to arrive. He sat on his haunches, long striped tail curled around his forefeet like a cat. With his wings tucked against his sides and his protoscales relaxed he looked like a ball of fluff. Tony watched from his comfortable seat in the lair where he had pulled a chair up next to the door and tried to remember just how intimidating he had found that pose the first time he met his dragon. It was hard to remember. Steve had long stopped being some dangerous unknown monster, and become… well… Steve. Tony was aware Steve had a more draconic name, but Steve never used it. He had adapted himself to humans a great deal. Tony had spent a long time pawing through Steve’s library, and was aware that the human comfortable courtyard and human comfortable rooms within the lair were not dragon standard. He wondered sometimes why there were so many rooms, three dragon and three human bedrooms seemed a bit much for a being who had lived alone for at least a century before Tony came along. Steve had gone so quiet and sad the one time Tony asked that he had never asked again.
“Whatever,” Wanda rolled her eyes at her brother. “I’m talking here. Anyway, Clint thinks Steve looks just like the guy and started calling him Cap ages ago. The nickname kinda stuck. Everyone uses it. They call the lot of us Cap’s kooky quartet.”
“Nah man. Don’t worry about it. The way Steve and Pietro eat no one but Lucky will notice that you’re eating too, and Steve thinks he eats too much pizza anyway.”
“You’ll get better if we make it here. Ask Steve about it when he’s done with your clothes and checking your toes.”
“Work, but my shops are in Malibu and New York, and all of my electronics went down when the car did.”
“So find yourself someone and make Pietro and Crystal go on a double date with you. Every time they get ridiculous or embarrassing you and your date can get more ridiculous and embarrassing. See how long it takes them to figure it out.” Natalie advised.
"Yeah. Valentine is all about Valentine's Day. People come out here to renew their vows, lounge around in martini glass shaped hot tubs and hang their engraved tokens on the Tree of Hearts near the gazebo in the Garden of Lovers."
“This is Tony.” Steve tucked his wing firmly around the smaller dragon and nuzzled the side of his face. “He came here to be my mate. That is Nat,” Steve gestured towards the gate with his tail. “Tony’s eldest sibling. Clint is Tony’s other sibling, and Clint’s mate is Phil.” Steve gestured towards the pair by the door. “I have a family now.”
He ignored the down hallways and led the newcomers up instead.  The hall here was almost as large as the main hall below, but rather trillium shaped rather than round, with one lobe ending in the stairway to the main part of the compound and each of the others being a guard post. Tony found little desire in himself to hop now that Steve was gone, but was pleased with the easy way his new dragon body turned the wheel that controlled the back door. All three of the newcomers blinked and fluffed in surprise when the entirety of the back wall twisted on its track opening their way to the flight platform. A path to his left lead to the top of the cliff and the viewing platform Tony had watched all their varied guests arrive from just yesterday. He ignored that as well and trotted out to where the long oval of the platform ended to look down at the water so far below. “The door is cool, isn’t is?” Tony chatted as he gazed around. “I designed it when I moved in. The trillium room used to be open to this platform, and super cold in the winter, but now it seals up tight and its possible to keep that area warm enough for guards to be comfortable, if we had enough residents to HAVE guards. I'm real pleased by how smooth the tracks are. I think that sort of construction could be used on a much grander scale. It would really smooth out and speed up trade between cities if we ran tracks between them and ran carriages along the tracks instead of the kind of roads trade flows along now…”
"I was driving to Scranton. We need to revamp our facility there if I'm going to..." Tony paused. He must still be pretty disoriented if he was going to discuss major business decisions with a complete stranger.
While outside the dark outline of the park trees swayed with the wind, inside Steve held the much younger man securely in his arms. He focused on Tony’s relaxed features, the nose, the jawline, the broad cheekbones and thought about how much pain this same being had had to endure in the original universe. He thought about how much Tony must have hated himself for decades, all the while pasting on a showman’s smile and a salesman’s pitch to get the deal, to continue employing thousands of workers all around the world. Tony Stark spent decades gagged and bound by a sense of duty and manipulated by a man whose only interest had always been profit and profit alone.
Had they been in college still? He and Jane had been, working on their Masters. They’d all been out partying, celebrating something but there hadn’t been enough room on the couch for everyone so Jane slept on their bed. Steve and Tony were the only ones with whom Jane ever felt comfortable crashing on the same bed with. She’d always been so careful, his Jane, so even-headed. Her only blunder was falling in love with Thor. But had that really been a mistake when it led to Siggy being born? No… Siggy hadn’t been a mistake, or a blunder or an indiscretion. She is a gift… in fact love is a gift.
But Tony can already tell the warning falls on deaf ears. It’s in the way Steve is already pinning him in place with his hands, in the graze of his chest against Tony’s back. It’s in the urgency of his mouth and the predatory heat he’s giving off.
“You were right! You told me I would never be happy denying who I am and I wasn’t. You told me that I would never forgive myself for what I did and I still haven’t. I’m so sorry I hurt you Tony, I’m sorry I left you by yourself right before you needed me the most. And most of all… I’m so sorry that I was so ashamed of myself that I made our friends take sides.”
Damage reports were still coming in, crumbled buildings, houses, cities in every street, in every town of the world. In some parts, cracks as big and as deep as the Grand Canyon parted continents. It was catastrophic but the loss of life was not even in the triple digits.
A pesky memory suddenly worms its way into his consciousness; one with a choir of voices singing happy birthday and of Steve looking at him as if they would never be apart.
Steve’s voice sounded wrecked and the words were so painfully raw Tony could feel how desperate he really was. This would’ve been the perfect opportunity for Tony to convince Steve to free him. He could’ve convinced him to let him call SI, to drive him to an airport, to leave him alone forever but unfortunately Tony already knew the answer to Steve’s question.
“Thank you Sir. They were killed by the Resistance when I was very young but I was always well taken care of at the orphanage. They are directly overseen by the High Commander, you see, so they are good places for children to grow up in. Very safe.”
Steve knew Cap and the Winter Soldier would eventually try to run things their way, would try to undermine the UN so he had JARVIS keep a close eye on them. Unfortunately as these things go, time brought the team closer together. Most of them had officially moved to the new Avengers compound (formerly known as Stark Mansion) so they lived together, trained together, went on mission together. Steve could no longer control how much exposure Tony had to the others, he could only stand close and observe.
And he is. Steve is sorry for worrying his love, but he isn’t sorry about the attention it’s getting him. During work hours Tony’s sole focus is his computer, he can ignore raging fires, street sirens, loud music, but not a hurt Steve.
Steve gives him a sad little smile and when he steps closer to give Tony a hug, it’s expected. Tony braces for the contact like one braces for a punch, and when it comes it’s surprisingly less painful than he thought it would be. It doesn’t last long, Tony steps away quickly enough and offers a smile.
In instant later, a tall man with dark hair and athletic build makes his way out of the island and onto the living room, two kids tailing after him.
Tearing her eyes off her lap, Eliza sank into the distraction offered and focused her attention on the television once again.
A smirk betrayed its way through the anger and Tony nodded. They didn’t always do penetrative sex nowadays, although Steve would never say it for the sake of the genius’ ego, he was trying to be more mindful of Tony’s body. Tony was forty-five now after all and although he never complained, walking with a limp every other morning was less than ideal. So Steve found other ways for them to be intimate, ways that involved their mouths and lube and so much kissing that their lips could hurt for hours. Ways that involved hands and smooth skin. It was all about the touch for Steve, it was about to having Tony’s skin, warm and alive against him as much as possible. They’d tried using a toy once, years ago at Tony’s request but Steve had hated it so they’d scrapped the idea.
“She’s right here.” The sound of Sigrid’s voice startles Thor out of his daze. He looks up at the child to find her pointing at the mantle. He follows the finger all the way to an urn decorated with beautiful images of colourful flowers, on to a plaque on the polished porcelain that reads JANE FOSTER. “Grandma didn’t want to take Mom’s ashes so we kept her here with us.”
“You said it was all up to me, how about you let me prove that you can trust me. We can do everything we usually do here in the bedroom or in the living room.”
Tony eventually agreed, after all, he had hundreds of ideas he wanted to get to before he hit fifty and his pre-scheduled mid-life crisis began (he’d already warned Steve they were taking two months off for it and they’d be dyeing their hair purple and orange so they could tour the world).
They landed in front of the Hudson River and Steve recognized the area immediately. It was here where he’d first arrived nearly thirty years ago, the area had changed drastically but he knew the spot anyway.
It’s dark outside now, the summer heat as finally kneeled in defeat before the darkness and for the first time all day, the outside doesn’t suffocate Tony. They all step out onto the porch and with a wave goodbye Stephen takes Harley and Arlen back into the house.  After another round of hugs, Natasha, Bruce and Loki are quick to walk back to the car but Steve doesn’t follow them. Instead, Steve stays with Tony as they walk down to the bottom of the stairs to give Thor and Sigrid some privacy.
Loki winces, his thoughts going back to the contact clauses in the paperwork. That contract was a nasty piece of work and it’s only legal because of the absolute power of attorney that Thor gave to their father before running off to Haiti.
Howard Stark directed a piercing glare at Steve, though anger was evident in his eyes he schooled his voice into reasonable calm.
Smiling, Thor steps down onto the garden where he stops to once again hug Tony. “Ok big guy, they’re waiting for you.”
Unlike in the other dimension, Tony Stark was never programmed to leave the base so the Ten Rings attacked the military base just to get to Tony. For eight weeks Steve and Rhodey scoured the desert, focusing heavily in the area the original enemy base had been in Steve’s dimension. Steve called in SHIELD, Rhodey led the military operation and together they were able to locate the base in question. Over fifty bodies charged in but both Steve and Rhodey searched the inside with one goal in mind. They found the correct door just in time to find Tony being locked into a raw iron suit by a tall thin man. There was an all-too familiar glow in the chest of the armor and Steve felt his heart sink at the sight.
Tony can feel the smirk being pressed to the back of his neck, feels the soft smack that is suddenly slapped on a sore butt cheek.
Steve knew it would work because that’s the only power source that the People's United Country of the Americas used, but it had never taken off until after the Regime took over. If this all went well then this Earth would have a clean source of energy over fifty years before the original.
Had Tony been himself, he would’ve thrown the food at Steve, would’ve bathed him in insults right there and then, would’ve even started figuring out a way to escape, but as things were he wasn’t himself. He felt tired, and drowsy and his brain felt like it was floating in molasses, so Tony just took the offered tray and focused on getting forkful of eggs into his mouth.
Tony managed to pull back the snort that wanted to explode its way through his nostrils. He even caught Steve forcing his lips to remain in a straight line.
“License and registration please” the office instructed, he peered inside the car with the flashlight.
Steve was fully on board with the agreement, Cap? Not so much. He argued about the limitations imposed on them by the UN, called them no better than a Band-Aid solution.
Tony’s palm slides in to fill Steve’s left hand, soft and warm against his chilled fingers. He’d opted for leaving the house gloveless so as to make it easier when he came back home, but now his fingers are numb.
Instinctively Steve’s eyes scanned over the apartment windows, eyes searching for any clues of a sniper.
“Now that’s more like it!” Tony declared but for all his bravado, he actually hid his face on Steve’s shoulder. Steve’s hand came to rest over the brown hair, keeping Tony’s pressed against his skin but his eyes were fixed on the door of the elevator. He kept expecting Phil Coulson to appear, kept thinking that it was just a matter of time even if all the proof said otherwise.
He’d been wrong, of course. But it still landed Steve Rogers and a wounded Bucky Barnes (accompanied by Sharon Carter of all people) in Stark Tower’s footstep.
He smiled gently, thought back to Anthony presenting him with a pink-sundress-wearing-toddler as if he was handing the High Commander the most precious of metals.
A week later, Steve wouldn’t stop cursing himself for having waited so long to do this, to have this. The feeling of Tony filing him up again and again was one he’d never known, and it was one he would never get tired of. He gaped and shivered as Tony whispered sweet nothings in his ear, gasped at feeling semen filling him. At last, Steve thought, at last he was whole.
Age had also done something to Tony that Steve had not expected. Like a soft, merciless eraser it had slowly rubbed away at Tony’s need for independence. The man who could solve time travel no longer wanted to go off by himself to an office, a store or even to a meeting. He no longer went on solo R&D meetings at the company or even organized nights out with Bruce and Rhodey. Instead he now asked Steve to drive him to the meetings, to stay for the drinks, to be at his general health physicals. In a way, it felt a like back to when they’d started dating, back when Tony needed Steve’s approval for everything.
“From Me” He whispered into Tony’s dark hair. Tony heard him anyway, wrapped his strong arms around Steve’s waist.
It didn’t take much to sweep this Tony Stark off his feet. One touch, one look, one word was sometimes enough. Twenty-four years of kindness had slowly smoothed out the rough edges, soothed old insecurities… broken old shields. This Tony was not afraid to melt at his husband’s words, didn’t know how to mistrust Steve. He preened and blushed and leaned in to steal the breath from Steve’s lungs with the force of his kiss.
It’d been a persistent thought all morning, especially now as the coffins of Howard and Maria Stark were lowered into the ground.
Smiling, Tony slides an arm across his daughter’s back and tugs her closer. “Sure it is. She knows the whole story already. In fact, Helen showed her the contract last year and she read the whole thing.”
Then she collapsed on one knee, her eyes downcast “Our Lord and Saviour” she said aloud and from behind the Commander mask, Steve Stark smiled.
Vivi stops them in front of one of the doors by rapping her knuckles against it. It takes mere seconds for the door to open, slowly revealing Stephen’s striking face. He smiles widely at them all, stepping back to let them all in.
Thor obviously stops breathing at the news, Steve probably does too and all Tony can do not to burst into inappropriate, uncontrollable laughter is to hide his mouth on Arlen’s temple.
Long, broad fingers traced the outline of Tony’s stubbly cheek. The rough finger pads running over the skin in a comforting manner.
Tony’s smile was warm as she glazed over the Avenger’s new projects. They talked as Steve prepared their brunch and ended up eating it right there sitting around the kitchen island in comfortable conversation. While the Starks did have a professional cook who took care of their needs during the week, weekends were Steve’s cooking days and he took particular pride in them. Once brunch had been eaten and they were each finishing off a glass of lemonade, Eliza inhaled and turned to fully face her beloved Savior.
But sometimes, very rarely, he dreamt of Tony. Not his Tony, his husband, his love but the other one, the one he lost. Old memories flashed across his closed eyelids like faded pictures. Moments in which a man who no longer existed, laughed and joked with a man who was no longer alive.
The more Steve talked the bigger Tony’s smile became, the more his eyes twinkled and his hands fidgeted at the possibilities. He was excited with this new prospect as if the thought of a change of scenery alone was injecting new life into a body that hadn’t ceased worrying in eleven months. Smiling, Tony closed in on Steve, soft arms wrapping around the larger man’s warm muscled torso.
“Ceramic, and crushed black opal,” Steve replied. “I wanted something nonconductive, something that would never hurt you. Though I’d still prefer if you wore it on a cord or something when you’re working, just to be safe.”
“But only some of those words rhyme. Like 12%. 50% rhymed last time. That’s a big reduction in rhyming.”
“Is he in his Workshop?” Tony had finished his basement work shop a bit over a month ago, and was usually to be found there when he wasn’t in their bedroom. He could often be found sleeping there, but Jarvis had a different coded phrase for when Tony needed to be moved to slightly more comfortable sleeping arrangement than his work table.
Tony was rarely not thinking, and so as he walked he contemplated the floor plan of Steve’s lair. With what he had learned yesterday it was clear that it had been designed with finding the artifacts in mind. Tony had thought Steve’s flashes of guilt when his past came up were because he had given up on whatever quest had brought him so far from other dragons. Despite that, it was clear that the three main suites had been designed for three artifact holders to share with three half human consorts while the pods along the wide outer hallway were for younger, unmated dragons to sleep comfortably alone. Three hallways lead down, one for the Library, one for the work shop, one for the big sandy room Tony suspected was meant to be a nursery. What colors would he see down there now that he had dragon eyes?
“I thought about her a lot you know? While I was being held prisoner in that cave? I thought about all the time I had wasted, all the things I wanted to change when I got back. I was going to propose, have a real family again… like I haven’t had since before my parents died.”
“I can get them shipped here, once I know what I need. Joey’s already agreed to let me use one of his bays. All you have to do is get it back to the shop.”
Steve maneuvered the three humans around, then took a position near Phil where he could coax the glow out of the other dragon. Brilliant threads of light wove around his claws for a moment before lashing out into the room, soaking into flesh that bloomed with feathers for the moment before the light winked out of existence. Dragon fire lit the sconces around the room and a black and white dragon woke shortly after. He and the blue were deep in conversation by the time a red and gold dragon, a purple and white dragon and a red, white and black dragon joined them. Exhausted the five soon separated for slumber, one bedroom a mix of black, white and purple feathers, a second full of blue, white, red and gold. Black, white and red should have been curled up in the third, but restless and paranoid their owner had slipped back out into the main room to keep an eye on the door.
“You’ve been up here for more than an hour.” Steve said, moving his wing out from under Tony’s hand and wrapping it around his back, gently tucking the human into the downy feathers along his side where scales transitioned into wing feathers. “Aren’t you cold?”
“Oh, yeah. Books! I could spend the rest of a human lifetime reading, and not make it through all of Steve’s books. His library is amazing!”
“Well, yeah. I wanted Dum-E, Butterfingers and U to be able to come if they wanted. Jarvis can watch through any tablet, if I understand correctly, but for the bots to attend I need to be able to get them from the plane to the venue. We won’t be able to get them inside the limo, and I’m not sure of a good way of going about doing that.” Steve explained.
“By whose standards? Are you dating the people you want to date or are you dating the people you think you should want to date?”
“Err…He would not stay for me, and who can wonder? He would not stay for me to stand and gaze. I shook his hand, and tore my heart in sunder, And went with half my life about my ways.”
“Great! I’m Tony!” Tony glanced around to see that Steve had slipped off. “How bout I show you to the flight platform out back and we can kill some time until Steve’s return?”
“Well, it isn’t completely ready yet,” Steve studied Tony’s face. The color was coming back to his cheeks, and the fact that he was using his own words was a good sign that he had been knocked out of whatever spiral he was in. “See here.”
“Don’t worry about it. I didn’t see an overnight bag in your car, otherwise I would have changed you into your own stuff.”
“We let Steve do most of the talking right now though. We are still shy around humans. Stutter a simple answer we can work with later if someone puts us on the spot, and apologize for our lack of skill with human language,” Nat finished.
“I figured we’d be better off getting jobs, so I drug him over to the library and we spent some time using the computers there to get an idea of where people might be hiring. Neither of us had Diplomas, or any sort of High School equivalent. The only thing either of us had to recommend us was Clint’s skill with a bow. I figured out how to get us here, he out-shot the competition by a huge margin, and I got a job wandering the trails picking up litter left by tourists. We’ve been here ever since.”
“That’s really good.” Tony said thoughtfully. “It’s a good fall back for when Steve or Phil knows something completely differently from us. We three had the same upbringing.”
“Of course! And when I asked they said they wanted to. I thought Butterfingers and U could throw flower petals, and Dum-E can hold up Jarvis’ tablet.” Steve explained.
“Well, I don’t imagine Steve has either, and you are the only two here with any idea how this is supposed to go, so how were you taught?” Tony replied.
“You are paranoid.” Steve said thoughtfully. “That doesn’t mean that these strangers might not represent trouble.”
The apartment smelled amazing, tomatoes and garlic, spices and seafood. He couldn’t help but stop and admire Steve for a moment. Steve’s broad shoulders were really filling out that lovely blue crewneck sweater. Steve’s casual but nice sweater and black slacks combo made Tony relax about his own choice of clothing. He’d spent the morning tossing clothes around before deciding on a fairly normal (for him) combination of a classic T and a blazer. Steve must have heard the door closing, or maybe Tony’s sigh of relief, because he chose that moment to turn and gesture Tony over to the little table set up between the couch and the kitchen bar. Last time Tony had seen that table Wanda and Natasha had been painting their nails there. Now it was covered with a white table cloth and candles, with little heart napkin holders set up on heart shaped place mats.
“This is perfect Tony. Thank You.” His bright smile made it obvious that he meant it, and Tony found himself relaxing again, full of a bubbly, anticipatory sort of happiness. That happiness grew warmer and frothier as Steve stripped down for a massage and then insisted on returning the favor for Tony. They slid into the heat of the bath together after Steve lit the candles and Tony left his phone on the counter to play soft jazz for them. They rinsed off in the shower and washed each other’s hair mostly as an excuse to keep touching, then dried off and curled around each other in bed.
“Memorials,” Phil added. “When dragons die they are buried with their shields and a shield shaped mound is built over them.”
“One of my parents abandoned our nest as soon as my sibling and I had hatched. He returned to his clan claiming that there was no dishonor in his actions as the hatchlings were not viable- too sickly and weak to survive to adulthood. His clan accepted that without any investigation. When my other parent sought assistance from the two clans in question he was denied. The clans both said they would not aid in the delusions of a parent unwilling to admit his… or is it hers once there is offspring? Offspring were too defective to be allowed to live. That parent refused to abandon us to return to his? Her? Parent clan and instead devoted themself to hunting and tending us alone. I hate to admit that things got better after my sibling died, but I doubt any single dragon could bring home enough food to bring two growing hatchlings to fledge. My parent decided early on that we would not return to either of the clans that abandoned us, and we had settled on Star clan before my sibling died. When my parent died the winter before I fledged I remembered those discussion, and the route my parent described to us so often. I launched myself from the nest hoping that my wings would be strong enough to carry me there, and at least didn’t get myself killed on the way there. I’m really not sure why the clan elder accepted and named me. I was tiny, starving and more than half dead when I crashed into the lair doors having no idea of how to sound the bell. If he’d left me out there for the night I would have been dead by morning. Instead he named me on the spot and sent a team out to give my parent a proper burial with a star clan shield when I admitted I hadn’t managed to do anything like that.”
“Never a dull moment around here” Tony tells them trying to ignore the deep awkward silence that is quickly setting in. “So Thor, how did you find out about Sigrid?”
They were so precious, these little tears, because they belonged to a man who wanted to become a man of Iron. A man who would succeed in doing so.
Once in the med centre, Steve held back. He stalled, talked to Dr. Jackson about Barnes’ wound, the bullet she’d dug out. She assured him Bucky would be fine (much to his disappointment). Then finally, Steve turned around and went down the hall.
With eyes full of amusement, Tony watches as his daughter asks her Uncle Loki for his cell phone number. She’s so utterly charming about it that Tony doesn’t know whether to be proud or embarrassed. Had she learned that from him? Or is it one of those things that came pre-programmed in Thor’s genes.
Forty-three year old Tony Stark had been a hell of a lot better at saying no to Captain American than nineteen year old Tony was.
“What the hell where you doing in Haiti, by the way?” There’s no anger behind Tony’s question. Just honest curiosity.
He knocked, and knocked and knocked until a livid looking Howard Stark wearing in a red satin robe opened the door… and froze.
Tony leaned into the touch even as his concentration remained on the phone’s holograms, moving bright and clear in front of his eyes.
Siggy returns the greeting and tries to ignore the stare of the tall, blonde man nearby. Sigrid knows exactly who the tall man is, she recognized him immediately from the pictures she has of her mom.
He startles and looks up, his eyes darting to the digital clock in the wall. Embarrassed he looks down to check if he should change into something nicer. The door unlocks, opens and Tony registers the sounds of Arlen and Vivi greeting each other. He hears Arlen’s tiara fall on the floor for the hundredth time this week and the sound of Siggi and Harley running down the stairs. Then he finally looks up.
He’d poked her in the sides for that and pouted until she rolled her eyes, called him a big baby and pushed his cheeks together with her palms until his lips pushed out like those of a pufferfish. He never understood why she liked doing that to him so much, perhaps because she was the only person in the world who could. Natasha was his sister, plain and simple, born from a different set of parents in a different part of the world but his sister nonetheless.
“Did you and Steve have a fight?” She sounded so utterly surprised by the concept that Tony almost felt like saying ‘nevermind’ but as they still had at least half an hour left in the car he decided to go for it.
Once downstairs, Steve laid his husband down on one of the bare worktables. He smiled while combing back Tony’s white hair with his fingers, made sure to straighten his robe and his arms. Leaning over, Steve pressed one last scorching kiss to a cold cheek.
Johann Schmidt, a Vietnam War vet, looks the very image of a movie villain. According to the story, he’d lost his good looks after a grenade went off in front of him during the war, but Steve doubts it.
The way her eyes hid from his scrutiny, so like a child afraid to get scolded, was all the truth he needed.
The smile she offers is pure professionalism but the bite in her eyes is all spite. Sharon is Peggy’s secretary, but despite this she often ends up helping him more than she likes.
“I have half a dozen pre-teen children running around here all the time, you think I’m stupid enough to leave alcohol out for them to get curious about?”
Siggy shrugs and makes a face as if to say ‘well he’s here already.’ Sometimes Siggy reminds Tony so much of Jane that he wants to cry.
‘Connections’ is actually Bucky Barnes. Steve knows that it’s the mention of his high-ranking NYPD Detective best friend which relaxes Tony. One word from Steve and Bucky would make a good dent in the street fighting gambling community.
They were at the lab, Steve working on shelter reports for the NYPD Captain and Tony doing delicate work on the hollo-table. He knew it was wrong, what he was about to do, but Tony pushed through the guilt.
“I know that right now probably nothing makes sense. But I just need you to understand something… Tony, I’m not going to hurt you. Everything is ok and everything will be ok.”
“A lot happened boy but don’t you worry, it won’t happen again. I made sure of that so you can go live your precious little life however you want.”
Tony could see the gears turning in Steve’s head, desperately looking for any solution to the problem that didn’t involve Bucky and Cap in the same vicinity as Tony.
“When the hell did I get so clumsy?!” Tony always asks, angry at himself while he cleans whatever mess he’s made.
It is the sign of a great Commander to recognize the makings of a great General. As a great Commander in his own right, Steve took a step back as Tony took on the SI board of directors with the techniques of divide and conquer. There was pure focused force of will behind Tony now. He targeted specific board members and effectively divided until the majority vote conquered the fate of Stark Industries. In just a month Stark Industries announced it would cease its current weapon development effective immediately, they’d fulfill their current government contracts but no more. The backlash was tremendous, stock collapsed and as more cheap shares flooded the market Tony instructed Jarvis to buy and buy.
Exhaling in frustration Steve watched as Tony slowly became more and more responsive. He opened his mouth to let some of the falling water into his mouth, drank it and ran his hands through his sweaty face and hair. Then he began giggling, uncontrollable giggles overcame Tony as he sat under the gentle spray. The sound made Steve relax and grabbing the soap bar Steve soaped his hands and began washing Tony’s face and hair.
‘We’ll figure out a good place for her after all this is over… Not SHIELD, somewhere she can make a life.’ He thought, placating his worried conscience.
That’s why he was here, he told them. Some things had to stay the same but for the rest he was there to lend a hand.
The glare Thor throws his brother is one of someone who is at the end of his rope. But Tony understands why Loki is doing it. He can understand the anger, the hurt Loki must have had to deal with all these years, not knowing where his brother was hiding, having to deal with his parents all on his own. Thor hadn’t just abandoned Jane and his unborn daughter, he’d also abandoned his younger brother.
Father and daughter watch the car drive away from the safety of their porch. Siggy settles comfortably by Tony’s side, her head resting against his chest.
He poured over historical records from the eighties and nineties, read every surviving article about Howard Stark and his young prodigy Tony Stark. He came up with a plan, rehearsed what he would say, chose his strategy and thought it out carefully. By the time he stood before the glowing portal he felt confident and more alive than he’d felt in decades.
That image struck a chord with Steve, suddenly he could clearly envision himself in the living room couch with Tony’s head on his lap as they watched the snow covered window. The simple domesticity of the scene twisted his guts with a yearning so strong he could highly keep it at bay. Tony was offering him to begin their lives together in beautiful normality and he’d be a fool to say no.
But why was this even bothering him NOW? He was forty-seven years old! He had at this point of his life spent more time with Steve than he’d ever spent on his own, of course he knew his husband, of course he knew their relationship!
It wasn’t the words themselves, but how Tony said them that struck Steve speechless. It was, he thought, like looking into God’s eyes and knowing he knew everything you’ve ever done, everything you were and still loved you for it. He’d stopped believing in God after Tony died, now he wondered if that maybe was because Tony was his God.
They’d been so young, and while that was an easy thing to say it embodied a myriad of complicated concepts. What Tony really meant was that they’d been so in love, so horny, so unhealthily co-dependent that Steve leaving killed Tony. Now here they were, over twenty years later and Steve had become a kidnapper and a criminal all so he could reclaim that lost era.
Vic is taller than Steve, it’s possible he may have head butted him on the nose, broken it and caused a blood faucet to pour out. Everything goes in free-style street fights after all.
Tony had a black eye when Steve first met him. He’d been wearing sunglasses indoors to cover it, but Steve made him take them off. That same day Steve beat up Tony’s ex-boyfriend within an inch of his life. The bastard ended up in the ICU, too afraid to tell anyone what had actually happened. A week later, Tony moved in with Steve. They’ve been together ever since.
Ten years ago, when the time had come for Iron Man and Commander to retire their suits, Tony suggested moving to a cottage by a lake. Steve’s reply had been a very heavy frown.
Tony was a genius after all, and he knew better than to ask questions that would get him answers he’d rather not know.
Tony had no organized space in the Commander’s mind, there was no special box in which he was kept. Tony permeated everything. Steve could be in the midst of remembering a particular report about an alloy deal with Wakanda while the Supreme Leader had been in power, when in would strut a thought of Tony’s face the first time they went to visit Wakanda in Stark Solutions business.
Life has never been kind to Steve. It gave him an abusive father, killed his Ma of cancer much too early, made him skinny and weak while young so he’d get picked on endlessly at school. Life taught him to always fight for every chance, taught him to work harder than anyone, to hit harder than anyone. Life taught him how to be mean.
Currently however, the employees are merely staying outside the line of fire. They can hear Steve shouting “HOW DARE YOU!” and “HOW COULD YOU?” with notable repetition but then ten minutes in, it’s all mostly over. Steve signs a document that Peggy hands him and he storms out of the office like a twister that’s done tearing up a barn.
Hugs and kisses went around followed by an endless train of “You look good!” and “How’d the surgery go” and “How’re the kids?” until finally Tony took a seat beside Rhodey, his hand affectionately tapping hid oldest friend’s bony knee.
While the Stark household remained a bubble of stability and contentment, the world outside continued at its usual neck breaking speed.
“And what exactly did you expect me to do, boy? Hold your hand and gently break the news?” There was a cruelty behind Steve’s humor, a side of his husband that Tony had never personally experienced.
Steve kissed his husband’s cold lips, made sure that Tony’s corpse was held securely in his arms as he got up from the bed.
Eventually Rhodey was able to stop by. He stayed with them for a few days, forcing Tony to watch movies with him and go outside. Tony indulged him but when they came back home, he always beelined his way right into Steve’s arms, shaking.
“See you tomorrow Mr. Stark!” Ian calls back. He sees them exit his house and a fresh wave of panic overcomes him. They all live nearby… they’ll be fine. Maybe he should call their mothers, let them know their kids are coming… maybe he should…
“Not what I meant, I mean I’m getting older. I’m marching right into death, so to speak and you’re still as perfect as the day I met you.”
Bucky Barnes was still safely in cryo-sleep and yet Howard Stark had still managed to wrap himself around a tree. Alcohol had been to blame of course, as had been confirmed by the team of SHIELD investigators who had worked the accident scene at Steve’s order. Howard Stark had been much too drunk to drive home from that party and everyone who’d been at the party knew it. Unfortunately, there was no stopping Howard once he’d made up his mind and Maria had gotten in the car against her better judgement. Now here they were, burying them both.
“It’s actually quite small and very embedded in the brain tissue so it’s not surprising that it took so long to find.”
High Commander Rogers had no delusions about how history would remember him. He would probably go down in the books as a power-hungry dictator 100 years from now.
Iron Man’s hand pointed at the general direction of the sky but from behind them the sound of what was affectionately named the ‘Babyjet’ came closer and closer. In seconds Natasha had the Babyjet parked.
A decade ago, his company had still been a start-up and Tony, just a client contact… how things changed. Now his company is no longer his and Tony is his life partner… his better half… the love of his fucking life.
Steve loved it, leaned in to tell Tony so in his ear. Steve could almost hear the fight Tony and Pepper must have had over the palette, could imagine Pepper’s objections until Tony finally dug in his heels. Then it finally dawned upon Steve… they were married.
Tony had to move Lucky in order to get situated, and the dog hopped right back up on the couch as Steve settled in with one arm wrapped around Tony and a bowl of popcorn settled in their laps. Tony jolted so hard he nearly spilled it when the movie came on. “Galaxy Quest? You got me Galaxy Quest for our holiday movie?”
“I want you to be happy here. And… well, I like the building and this gives me some direction. I was feeling kinda weird about building endless rooms that I didn’t know would ever be occupied for dragons that probably don’t exist yet.”
As soon as the cart was positioned where Steve wanted it in the Lair’s large, circular main chamber Steve hopped around it, easily removing the cover the two humans must have struggled to lash down alone, and exposing a second, much smaller dragon. At first Tony thought the new dragon was dead, but as he watched it took a single slow breath, the black feathers of the wings dropped haphazardly near its muzzle stirring in the soft exhale. Tony skittered closer to look at the white speckled black feather’s and scales of the new dragon. It was probably around the size of the feather ankled Clydesdale which had been pulling the cart, and was likely the method by which said horse had been trained to not fear dragons. That would make him one third Steve’s size, but Steve would never lay the way this dragon was positioned. It really looked like the two humans, and maybe the cart horse, had dragged the dragon into the cart and then tried as best they could to position him semi comfortably.
“Well it also makes sense for him at a financial level. A partnership between Pym Technologies and SI Solutions is exactly what they need to inject some badly needed revenue.”
“New universes are created all the time Uncle Steve. Physics knows how to compensate once they’re up and running. As far as we know it’s the first time anyone has tried to create one from scratch but we know enough about them by now that this should work.”
Tony made sure to keep his tone light, to draw out the joke and maintain a smile. Slowly, he reached out, his hand cupping Steve’s left lower jaw while his thumb stroke the soft skin underneath. Tony had lost a good inch in height over the years, another casualty of age. But there was one good thing about it; it made him all the easier to curl into Steve.
Eventually both Eliza and Steve Rogers made their way to the group. Eliza greeted the new arrivals warmly although it was obvious she was trying to reign herself back. Had they been in the comfort of the Stark’s home, she would have rushed into Tony arms as she usually did, but that would have raised too many questions here.
Bucky had never loved him, he’d always known that and Steve had been fine knowing it because he didn’t really love Bucky either. They’d loved each other in their own way, with a mixture of platonic, familial and sometimes passionate love that had suited them just fine on the road. The main problem lay in that Bucky had never really been bisexual, he’d just been bi-curious and Steve? Steve was as gay as they came. So while Bucky had supplemented his sexual desires with the bar women of the Southwest United States, Steve had been happy with getting a little dick action from Bucky every now and then.
Exhaustion comes next; he’s hard to wake up in the mornings and he can barely make it through the day without taking two naps before it’s even nighttime. The first few weeks they assume Tony must be coming down with something…weeks pass…more things drop from Tony’s clenched hands.
It’s a child’s way of compromising, an offer of least effort and as it stands, spoken from someone who although curious, has never actually yearned to meet her birth father. But it’s still an offering and one Thor would be foolish to discard on the basis of unfairness and hurt. Thor understand what Loki has spent days drilling into his brain; he has no legal rights.
There’s always an effervescence whenever Steve walks into a space. His presence releases a scurry of energy that sends workers into panicked activity.
The name Alaska had actually been Tony’s suggestion and Rhodey had gone ahead with it after learning that the original Alaska had been his granddaughter. For Steve it was a bittersweet full circle, for Tony it was the world’s most perfect name for the world’s most perfect little girl.
There was actual alarm in Steve’s eyes, almost as if he were afraid of how Tony might react. It was moments like these that confused Tony almost to the point of desperation. Steve had a very specific type of PTSD, one that involved specific trigger words but only when said by Tony. They could transform his strong, confident pillar of a man into a ball of anxiety and sometimes even fear in seconds.
Here, in pictures was another life Steve’s little project had changed. Jarvis had gone in peace after all, unconcerned for Tony’s future since he knew Steve would always be there to look after the boy Jarvis raised.
These days he preferred keeping his distance, liked his solitude and enjoyed being left alone with his memories. The High Commander could only really tolerate the presence of Alaska Rhodes, a curly haired, freckled twenty-eight year old who called him ‘Uncle Steve’ regardless of how imposing he looked. Alaska was the granddaughter of Virginia Potts and James Rhodes, who despite being a rather unlikely couple, appeared to have somehow found comfort in each other after Tony's death. High Commander Rogers remembered holding their son Anthony when he was born. Remembered feeling torn between being happy at this new life and betrayed on Tony’s behalf for the offspring his best friend and fiancé had produced together.
If Steve was in the middle of writing a detailed report and Tony spurted out that he needed a break, Steve simply saved his work and stood up. No, “Just give me half an hour Tony,” no, “I’ll meet you in the living room in a bit.”
Already sweating, Steve looked downright pornographic as he stalked up to his husband. But Tony took the bait and reached out to map out a line on Steve’s chest from clavicle to navel.
“She wanted to warn you that this dimension will most likely experience severe seismic activity as a result of the destruction. They have completely severed the connection between both dimensions but considering how close one is to the other, Senior Science Officer Richards believes it will still affect it.”
He peppered kisses on the cold skin of Tony’s forehead and he curled deeper into Steve’s arms. Tony felt Steve reaching for his wrist and felt him unfasten the cuff. Usually Steve only removed the cuff to take him to the bathroom so Tony wondered where he was taking him. Suddenly he was up, restrained by the cocoon of blankets he’d bundled himself in and held securely in Steve’s arms. Even in his drowsy mind Tony remembered to stretch out his neck out as he was led out of the room. He glimpsed from over Steve’s shoulder as he was taken past the usual door of the bathroom and into another section of the house, one he’d never been in.  There was a large living room and beside it was the main door but all too soon his view was obstructed by a wall as he was led past another bathroom onto a large bedroom.
The Commander shot to his feet at the sound of a car pulling up. He considered rushing downstairs like a dog but strategy said otherwise. He needed for his first meeting with Tony to happen without either Maria or Jarvis around.
Years of planning meant that everything was already ready for the Commander. He’d never talked to Tony about it, but the genius had also never asked him why three years ago Steve had had cable hooks installed to the ceiling of the lab. He’d teased Steve about it “Sweetheart, I’m far too old for BDSM” he’d said, almost causing the professional welder affixing said hooks to the ceiling to fall off the raised platform in embarrassment. But he’d never mentioned it again.
He had to hand it to Tony, he sure knew how to make introductions. He watched the shock that filled the other Steve’s eyes as recognition set. There were differences, Steve Stark was older, he had a well-trimmed beard which he’d started growing two years ago and his clothes were custom-made, but nonetheless he was Steve Rogers.
Steve gave in if only so they could have one good thing to remember this miserable year by. Like the first time around Tony was summoned for a The Senate Armed Forces Committee hearing, unlike then, Tony now owned the proprietary weight to defend both the Iron Man and Commander armours.
Vivi is the kind of woman Tony would have fallen in love with… had he been so inclined. But Tony is a proud gay man and if anything, that makes Vivi feel like she can hold on to him and never let go.
He laughs aloud this time, his hand reaching to grasp Siggy’s. “Because money can’t buy happiness jellybean.”
Everybody else ignored it like one ignores a large hairy dark mole on the tip of a small nose. The late Supreme Leader hadn’t liked it at all. In fact he'd gone above and beyond to try and rid his Commander of the pesky obsession until the Commander finally decided to get rid of HIM.
At some point in Steve’s long life, Steve Rogers had gone away and whoever remained had held onto Tony’s memory like a god. Perhaps, the real reason Steve didn’t want him anywhere near Cap was so he wouldn’t know the crater of differences between them… so that Tony couldn’t prefer one over the other.
The title and ongoing theme from this story is based on the famous “I’ll think about it tomorrow” line from ‘Gone with the Wind.’  It just seemed to fit well with the version of Stockholm syndrome that I was trying to create. If by the end you’re wondering who actually holds the power in their relationship then I did my job. Thanks for reading!
It was bothering him now, this age thing. The grey in his temples, the change in his skin, the wrinkles around his eyes, they were all bothering Tony more and more. Steve was learning to deal with it, learning how to calm Tony’s insecurities and make him see this as a good thing.
From this close, Tony could actually SEE the moment Steve-the-tactician kicked in. He bulldozed the frantic High Commander through and suddenly order reigned in Steve’s face.
In the darkness of the room, without anyone to see it, Tony smiles. He finally feels like a weight has been kicked off his gut, like he can finally swallow without the weight of Steve Rogers in his stomach. He can finally breathe without feeling like he is a walking wronged person. Because that’s what he’s been feeling like, like a person who was damaged and wronged and hurt by another. And he has been, of course he has but maybe that’s not his mistake, his weight to carry. He can let it go because it’s led him to be Siggy’s Dad, and Harley and Arlen’s uncle, and Vivi’s best friend and Stephen’s… friend-with-benefits… person.
“Actually that’s our news. We’re pregnant, through a surrogate.” Natasha is beaming, her face lighting up in a way Tony hasn’t seen since they were teens.
Natasha’s features betrayed nothing and his worry was temporarily set aside when the dark haired girl hurried toward him.
He was tempted to go look for him but his tactical sense warned him against it. There was a thin line between older friend and authority figure and he needed to not scare Tony away. He needed to stay close enough to be coveted but not so close he became a parent, or a brother. So Steve took a shower and unpacked his backpack. Tony had surprisingly kept the place well, the dishes were done and the kitchen was quite clean. Only the messy living room and the rat’s lair that was Tony’s room told the truth about how the past five days had been spent.
Tony was falling for him. It’d started out as a crush, Steve knew. He’d caught the boy throwing side-glances at him for months now, but recently the side-glances had developed into longing stares. The timing was almost right for him to swoop in, he just had to wait and hopefully keep Tony from going on a guilt-driven sex spree with a list of nameless strangers.
High Commander Rogers never took a day’s vacation in his life. No trips to the Bahamas or tourist visits to Europe or Disneyland. Work had always consumed his life and later when he could have been able to take a rest, there was no one to rest with. Now, lying on the warm sand in the sunshine, Steve marveled at how calm he felt. He woke up every morning, dragged Tony out with him for a daily run on the beach (It was their shared agreement that Tony was allowed to go back home after half an hour) and could sometimes spend the whole day either lying under the sun or swimming in the pool.
“Just for the summer, we have a place nearby, but I cannot tell you how busy it’s been over at the hospital where I work? I’m an OR nurse you see, and like the God-sent that they are, Tony and Siggy offered to host us till things calm down at work.”
He hadn’t always been like this, so willing to live in the grey, so open to options, without a compass always pointing north. At his age, Tony was his moral compass. If Tony thought something to be right, Steve did it, if he thought something was wrong or evil, he didn’t do it. All that was left of the old Captain Rogers were memories that made him too frustrated to think about. But Steve didn’t say any of that, Steve only approached his husband and listened to Tony rant while running gentle fingers up and down muscular arms.
All too soon Tony was out of sight and not far behind Peter Parker ran to catch up to him. He’d been surprised to find how many of their old friends worked for Tony. Natasha Romanov was Pepper Pott’s personal assistant, and he’d heard that she’d been Tony’s assistant when he was still CEO. He often saw Natasha walking beside Ms. Potts, both women the very picture of fashionable elegance Steve had only seen in movies. He knew from the email directory that Bruce Banner was the VP of some biology wing in the building and Peter Parker was the Creative Director of Product innovation. Sam Wilson worked for the Maria Stark Foundation and Clint Barton did something that had to do with product testing. Even Thor Odinson worked for SI, he was a big shot over at Product Sales.
Logically Steve understands that he is overreacting. He sees the ‘kid’ in his bike gear, the smell of sweat clinging to him and knows the boy was just trying to deliver the order as quickly as possible. He also knows that his miso soup leaking onto his tempura is not a crisis… and yet…
That was all Steve needed to know. If there had been no Thor, then there’d be no Loki, no Asgard, no space. This Earth was exactly what people had always thought the world was before alien gods and Chitauri. There had, however, been a Steve Rogers recovered from the ice a few months back but Steve tried to not think about that.
‘You could drive right off it.’ He thought and sped towards it. He pictured the scene in his head, hitting the ground would hurt, his limbs twisting every which way, his head crushing against the ground but then there would be nothing, no more regrets, no more pain. As the motorcycle buzzed toward the bridge the single headlight caught the post of a tall sign. He looked up, instinctively, for no reason, only to find himself staring into the bright static eyes of the love of his life.
Desperate arms drew the cold body against him, his arms wrapping around the frail body with a single mindless need to hold on. The oxygen dislodged from Tony’s nostrils easily and Steve held on to the limp body with every bit of strength his body possessed.
The dynamic feels both nostalgic and strange. After all, he is technically raising three kids and is one part of a co-dependent triad of broken-hearted adults who can’t go more than 40 hours without seeing each other. Old Tony would never have lived like this, but present Tony doesn’t like thinking about back then, he tells Siggy stories about Jane of course, but he never tells her about his old life.
But Steve Rogers has never been good at staying still for long. The more inactive he is… the more the unsettled feeling in the pit of his stomach grows. It’s hard to pinpoint what exactly causes it, all Steve knows is that it’s an affliction since childhood. It’s what compelled him to get into fights at school… what compels him to act the way he’s acting now.
He throws a fifty at the cabbie and is jumping out the instant they’re in Bushwick. He gets a few looks, (4pm on a Thursday wearing a suit), but not nearly as many as he would have gotten twenty years earlier. Slowly, he feels himself uncoil.
He smiled his charming media smile and patted Steve on the shoulder in a friendly, no-hard-feelings manner. Was Howard Stark afraid of angering him? Or was it just the years of idolatry which made him give in to whatever the great Steve Rogers said? Howard had just offered up his son in a golden platter as a sort of placating gesture and Steve could hardly believe it.
“Sorry Pepper, you know how he gets” Steve kissed Pepper’s cheek in greeting and she laughed at the sight in front of her.
Laughter, Tony’s eyes were laughing at him now. ‘Of course I know that you silly man.’ They seemed to say. Steve smiled right back.
Tony’s natural reaction was actually to cringe, but he stopped himself just in time. Instead he pursed his lips and tried to remember to inhale. It was an uncomfortable revelation, but not for the first reason one would think. Tony had spent decades mapping out and studying all the differences between his Steve and Cap. They were like identical twins with entirely different personalities, perfect mirror images of each other in opinions, tactics, approaches, even humour. Regardless, he pushed that aside and focused on the basics for now.
Saying that always causes Tony to make a certain face, a lovestruck mixture of ‘yeah right’ and adoration that never fails to make Steve feel light hearted.
Steve’s never been teased by a co-worker, least of all an employee. His professional relationships are strictly professional, but that’s not how it is for Tony. Tony’s friends are also his coworkers and it makes for an interesting dynamic which seems incredibly complicated to Steve.
“Really Steve? That’s all you’ve got to say? How about it’s a miracle of human engineering?, or it’s the world’s best view even?”
Steve should have seen it coming, he’d been suspicious about the whole thing, had silently wondered about the all the meetings and guests lists and details. He should have suspected, but how on earth could he have imagined this?
Tony hated how angry his voice sounded, how gutted he still felt. He met Steve’s eyes in the mirror like a lion looking at prey and to his credit Steve didn’t flinch.
“Tony is the heir to Stark Industries Steve, I want him to understand the responsibility that comes with it.”
‘Widen your sample size’ he thought which was why he found himself blurting out the question to Pepper during a car ride to the Stark storage facility.
Thor smiles a toothy, dorky smile down at Tony. “We shall be in touch.” He tells him, it sounds like a promise made in blood and Tony smiles.
So Steve told him about the possible kidnapping, about terrorists and torture until Tony ended it by pressing the palm of his hand against Steve’s mouth.
The only thing Tony is unsure of at this precise moment is whether the snooty tone in Siggy’s voice is coming out naturally, or whether she’s actually working at it. He’s torn between burying his face in her hair and laughing like a maniac or whispering “quit it” in her ear. Siggy loves her Uncle Stephen, that much has always been true. She’s liked him from the moment Vivi introduced him a year ago, but this open adoration for him is obviously a tool with which to dig at Thor’s heart with.
“Can’t we do something for him Steve?” Peggy’s voice was heavy with emotion, as if seeing this blast from the past with her own eyes was carving away all her years of experience.
They didn’t have to wait long. A figure that looked most certainly human appeared in the sky and it was falling fast, limbs flailing. Iron Man reacted first, zooming to the sky, he managed to grab hold of the person seconds away from hitting the water. It was extremely difficult to catch a person mid-air at those speeds, but Steve wasn’t surprised at Tony’s skill. A small cheer erupted from the rest of the team, quieting once Tony dropped down in front of them holding a young woman in his arms.
“Baby it’s fine. I’m not mad, I’m just really surprised. I didn’t think Eliza liked him like that, and Cap! He barely dates!”
“For what it’s worth, I won’t be going back there again. The bookie wasn’t happy I was able to beat his prize bull. Told me it was a good night for business but it wasn’t going to be repeated.”
It was an intriguing idea, it would give him anonymity and allow him to be up in the skies with Tony if and when the Avengers were formed.
Despite the sound argument Tony pouted while Natasha continued to watch him through mirthful eyes. Tony had never been very comfortable around women who showed too much skin, he masked his discomfort well in social situations but he overall didn’t like it. Rhodey once told him that it must be because he’d only seen a handful of naked women in his entire life. Tony didn’t bother telling him that he’d only ever, in fact, seen two.
Pure oxygen was being pumped into his lungs, morphine coursing through every vein but still he smiled at Steve.
She looked like she didn’t believe him but didn’t press him. “It’s completely normal Tony. You spend enough time with another person and you’re bound to want to strangle them at some point. That’s what relationships are all about, overcoming the arguments and moving ahead together.”
As more guests arrive and drinks start flowing, Bucky and Steve find themselves with just each other for company on the couch. The professionally placed Christmas lights give off a lovely gleam that feels nostalgic, even if neither of them ever had anything like this when they were kids.
Cap looked to be, even after all this time, in his thirties, which meant Steve had met Tony in his twenties. Within ten years of having met, the evil alien warlord popped up and probably, possibly, most likely, killed Tony Stark. That left about a fifty year gap in between other-dimension-Tony’s death and Steve’s dimensional move. Therefore, his husband had been crazy in love with him for an utterly ridiculous amount of time. Why?
But she does turn five, and then inevitably six and by the time seven comes along, there’s more children coming in and out of his house than he ever thought possible.  Which really, when Tony thinks about it, it’s no great surprise, Siggy has a natural magnetic charisma, a mind that picks up difficult concepts with ease and a selfless, humble nature that endears her to even the most draconian of teachers. The overall package results in a little person who is so overall likable, that Tony soon finds himself being the most praised single father of an entire elementary school.
Steve schooled his expression into a warm smile, excited but not betraying the rush of adrenaline flowing through his veins.
Edit- April 4 2021. Big thanks to sapphic-futurist and resurrectedhippo for encouraging me to edit this. I’ve left it as is for a long time but since people keep liking it, I gathered it was time to fix the bugs.
“Sharon, I’ll need you to pick up a few things before you leave for the day. I’ll email you the list.”
It was the right thing to say, for the High Commander Roger’s face softened into what almost reminded Vision of Steve.
With time, High Commander Rogers had looked after Anthony Rhodes, especially when both Pepper Potts and James Rhodes sided with his faction during the rise of the Supreme Leader. They’d trusted Steve and for it they were handsomely rewarded. Anthony had grown up healthy, strong and safe under his protection and now his daughter Alaska held a strong position in his government. ‘Pepper and Rhodey would be pleased’ Steve liked to think.
“Eliza, this is Tony Stark, my husband. From now on it would be best if you didn’t kneel whenever you saw him.”
“Well kinda but Daddy already tells me anything I want to know about them. It’s the stuff that’s just about HIM that he doesn’t talk about.”
There was no mountain high enough which Steve Stark would not climb for Tony Stark. There was no argument worth enough to fight over, no person worth spending time away from him for, there was nothing but Tony.
“Ah, yeah… but I literally don’t remember anything before the accident. I didn’t spend time missing my parents or anything. I don’t remember them at all.”
This made Tony feel particularly bad when he woke up gasping from a nightmare and staggered into the shower, turning up the temperature as hot as the rattling old pipes here could produce. Steve greeted him at the bathroom door with a mug full of warm milk, another shirt, and a pair of sweatpants that weren’t soaked in sweat.
“Tony has some sort of device embedded in his chest. Alexi has instructions for removing it, but he’s been having trouble with it. The device is what he was paid for, Tony’s death is secondary to the contract.”
