I want to lance it, and I can't, so I bring my fingertips to my bruised throat. Press in, lightly. Feel the jagged heat of pain as the digits hit already discoloured skin.
I tilt my head. Nod once just to be contrary, perhaps.
Then a wheeze. A high, streaky wheeze. A shuttery breath.
"Was there a fire?," I ask calmly, after a few moments of deciding how to proceed with John. "You look...unnerved."
----------
I blink in confusion.
''I asked him a question,'' he whispers. ''That's all that I did. I didn't do anything wrong.''
"Nothing is the matter, hey?," and John's voice - his timber and volume - has returned to being so rational, so aggravatingly calm - that I want to scream. "So you didn't describe what sounds like trauma induced dissociation to me this morning, did you? I must have imagined that part. I must have been confused, because it sounded to me like you were describing a very traumatic early childhood. An inability to stay with reality, because the reality presented to you was so horrific!"
I speak to Sherlock. He's pale, with pinched lips.
''Okay,'' I say, and more tears drain into my throat.
''I believe that, yes, a person commits suicide when they - as you say - slice through their arteries with deliberation. When they shoot themselves in the head. When they jump in front of a train. They are committing the last action in a frequently drawn-out procession of actions which all play vital, if incremental roles, leading to their last moment on earth. To their own premature death. But that is how I define committing suicide, Sherlock. Feeling suicidal is far more layered in my estimation. Having a draw towards suicidal thoughts starts with smaller actions. Actions which, taken in momentary isolation, might never lead to death at all.''
It was a confusing time.
''It's - you know - therapy. It's not exactly fun. In a different context, I'd probably like him more.''
''You can't own this, Sherlock. Don't let someone else's actions become your shame.''
My breathing, my tears, my words...are all under my determination.
'He needs a hair trim', my brain idiotically supplies before I slam the window down and latch it.
''Yuri-what? What's your last name?'' I know I sound rude, but I don't really care.
''I remember everything like it was…like it…,'' he pauses, opens his eyes, and looks back to the television. ''Like it was on there,'' and he points over to the now-blank screen. ''Like it was happening, but not really happening. Happening on a television, perhaps? In my mind? It was black and white and fuzzy and strange like an old out-of-focus movie, and I was watching it as an outsider – not a participant. It was merely happening to someone else, and I was just forc-''
"You are off, Sherlock. You know that, don't you? Off this case. Lestrade is furious. You're lucky if decides that he wants to work with you ever-"
My fatigue suddenly feels massive. All encompassing.
I could almost be convinced that Sherlock is not really talking about John at all. He might not be saying anything untrue about John's feelings for me as a friend, but there is something strangely self-confessional about how he's avoiding my line of sight while speaking about trust.
He needs an assurance. He doesn't need a force asking him to bare his soul. Not at this moment.
“Because,” he starts. Stops. I hear him take a gasp of air. “Because I saw my spirit come out of my body and travel up the walls. I saw my body on the bed, and it wasn’t moving around anymore or making any noise, and my spirit could see it and it could see my father, and I didn’t feel anything. Not my inner body. Not my outer body. I couldn’t feel pain, or sadness, or fear. Just dead.”
Sherlock suddenly realizes his mistake, and goes to re-affix the scarf, and I shoot Yuri a look. A 'please don't let this go' look.
''Everyone says that I need to gain weight, yet our meals are equal in size. So my meal is not an amount that is different to what people would eat normally, who are considered to be at a healthy weight. Yet - if I am underweight - then I feel that you'd have made mine larger. But it's not larger. So it causes me to think that perhaps you have no problem with my weight. Maybe I am not underweight at all. Maybe not.''
-------------------------------
------------------------------------------
Needed to put down.
''That's not why I'm here,'' I protest weakly. ''And we're not. A couple. We couldn't be, regardless of how I felt.''
''Well, we'd like to keep you in clinic for a few days to see how your incisions heal. We just want to make sure you're getting on okay.''
''Tell that to Mrs. Hudson,'' Sherlock mutters, and I smile - just as Bao Binh places a huge Jackfruit smoothie in front of my friend.
Now, suddenly - it's me whose not meeting his eyes.
''Maybe another time. Yes,'' Sherlock whispered flatly, and started to pad away, leaving me - for the second time in just about as many weeks - confused as hell.
The woman before me opens her mouth, then closes it abruptly. Her cheeks are flushed. I either look really, really mad - or she realizes she's been really, really wrong.
A few moments later, I hear the light padding of his feet, and the door opens slightly.
Because it's right. But small talk will have to wait.
---------------------
You've always been my friend.
I turn slightly from my place on the sofa and try to make eye contact.
''He had problems, John.''
Yuri nods to Jake, then quickly adds. ''Can we make that a decaf please, Jake?'', while I fight an impulse to squirm in my seat.
The door opens, and a frank face meets mine. Slight smile. Again, not excessive. The smile, I mean.
He starts to stalk away when I move for the door, effectively blocking his exit.
A scratchy sound on the other end of the phone at my question. Almost as if Sherlock has grasped the phone to his chest, lest it drop.
still, i was always disgusted with myself
I stand up from my chair, and press my hands firmly against the wall, needing the pressure. The conversation seems to becoming more anxiety-filled and ungrounded as it proceeds.
The kindness is something that I feel shamed by when it is provided in real time, in real flesh-and-blood interactions.
''Of course he got clean! He's right as rain now, John. Hard work for him, too. It's why I think he keeps himself so busy, see. Doesn't want that old anxiety to come calling. You know how he likes to keep busy. Keeps saying he's bored. But it's more than boredom, I think. It's his need to always be...ahead of any impulse that would take him back there,'' and Mrs. Hudson suddenly clasps my hands, lifting them off the table and giving me a brighter grin. ''Don't you go worrying about that. It's an old chapter of his life. He's a strong one, and that chapter is done now.''
And what I realize is funny, now, is that for all John has said about how I brought new things into his life – adventure, or challenge, or even danger – he brought similar changes into my own life; safer changes, for the most part – but changes that I could reach out towards without wholly owning.
''And what's more, I have a very good friend who more than avails himself to me, whenever I need him. So I'm not looking for a friend. I'm not looking for concern. I am looking for ideas on-,'' and then I stop, unaware of what I even want to express.
In Sherlock's case I am presented with the opposite: a need to hide the worsening physical state and and a burgeoning anxiety about if and how and why he should seek help. A back and forth, tremulous exposition of his symptoms - of strictly the physical variety - and then a heated anger that he ''doesn't need help.''
I feel a sudden tightness in my chest. A rapid onset dizziness.
''I am not judging you, Sherlock, but I don't know what to do anymore! I can't watch you get sicker and sicker through your own behaviours and ignore it! Every day I feel like I should be doing more, except I don't know what that 'more' is! So please feel free to fill me in on what I should be doing. Because I don't know what I can say or do that will make you want to stop this, and then I feel horrible for pressing you at all! I know what it's like to cling to anything - anything! - if it seems safe! And I hate that this feels like safety to you, when I know it's really death!''
''Do you think it would help to-''
''There is nothing wrong with me!,'' he all but spits at me.
Something hurts.
A weeding sense of personal failure laps about me.
''Please trust me, Sherlock. I promise - it will get better. But you have to do this part yourself. You need to admit that you have a problem before anyone can really help you.''
''Got the tail end of his lunch hour, I think. Although at least I got to eat my beans and toast first.''
---------------
He's written 'chips and gravy.'
Mycroft slowly gets up, and walks across the study to stand near the bay windows. The sun has now completely set, and the lamps lining the street outside have turned on to illuminate the roads.
I didn't know then, of course, that what I was actually painting were dreams.
I've really upset him. Far more than I would have thought possible.
John closes his eyes for a moment.
''I don't think it's about trying to hide anything from him, Sherlock. I think it's about fear as to how he'll feel, or how he'll respond. I think it's about rationalizing that it's not a huge source of anxiety for you, and pushing it out of your mind. But I don't feel that's going to work, in the end. It's only going to delay the inevitable.''
He has suffered, too.
The sun starts to set, and I get up at shortly after 7 pm to look out on the street. I must have fallen asleep on the sofa.
''Has it been happening long? Making yourself sick?''
And here I never even thought I'd have a best friend. Never mind a friend like John Watson.
And it's then that I realize: I've not insulted him.
My smile is weak, but it's an attempt at salvaging my dignity.
But he does appear studious.
Sherlock stops playing with his shirt. His face suddenly looks ashen.
''Right,'' Lestrade sighs, ''that is definitely one avenue of investigation we will not be taking...accusing the man you punched of having a sexual relationship with a man, when he's not even openly gay. If he's gay.''
''Of course, I couldn't keep him on during that time. Not even in a consultant capacity, not doing what he was doing.''
''He's helping?''
And I feel like adding 'buster' or something to the end of the sentence.
I just sigh.
It seemed almost ritualistic. But if it were, then I'd take that over his continued refusal to eat anything.
''I'm not in shock, John,'' Sherlock says gruffly, moving past me. His cheeks - I note - are pink. As if embarrassed.
A/N: in the series, I feel that Benedict Cumberbatch's Sherlock looks healthy. He's thin, yes, but svelte. I just thought I would mention that, lest I get comments informing me that TV-Sherlock looks fine (he does). Also, odd patterns of behaviour don't translate to eating disorder, and I would never argue that. In this story, Sherlock is developing a pattern of disordered eating. Perhaps not full blown anorexia, but something decidedly unhealthy. That aspect will come up more in the following chapters, but is slowly being introduced now.
My eyelids close against his touch, and stay down this time - blanketing my world in warmth and darkness and the sounds of cars and taxis and ambulances outside our apartment window.
''And call Yuri - let him know you're running late.''
"You said that already," Sherlock says quietly.
''You don't understand,'' I stammer, my voice betraying the countenance I want to project. I want to seem strong and solid. Someone Sherlock can rely on now that he's at his most exhausted. But I'm only coming across as weak myself. ''I was talking to him about stuff, Mycroft. Stuff I knew he didn't want to face, and-''
''Okay. Okay, good. I can work with that for now,'' and I lick my lips. ''Your doctor will be back any second, I'm sure of it. I just - God Sherlock - I need to know you will work with me. I know it's not an easy thing, but you have to trust me as far as the medical aspects of this go, alright?''
''Those are the same thing, John,'' Sherlock whispers. ''In this case, at any rate, they amount to the same thing.''
To those who inquired: no, the story is not ending at Chapter 31 (obviously. We have a ways to go, yet).
''I never said he was,'' he says carefully.
Not now. Not with John watching me so carefully. Trying so hard to understand. Trying so hard to fix me. Maybe because I know, deep down, that John would be upset if he were to hear these thoughts. If he were to ever learn what sort of imaginings course through my mind. He'd be shocked, and he'd very likely be sickened.
Maybe camaraderie.
''How much have you told him about Victor?,'' he asks carefully. Deliberately. ''Really told him, I mean?''
That which is safe.
I pause at that, suddenly grasping at a mental nothingness.
''Blasted fucking shrinks,'' I rage. ''The man has two free spaces per week and is denying me access to both.''
I'm going to die.
It was a one time deal, and the sense of shame that followed truly eclipsed and overpowered the momentary calm. The momentary benefit. Because I knew what would happen if John ever came to learn about what I had done.
And so while John spoke over his concerns about me with Mrs. Hudson, I engaged in the most pointless action indicating - if anything - that his concerns were nothing if not valid. That was the irony: that he had given me a moment alone to compose myself, and I had spent said moment doing one of the few things he probably would feel he'd need to protect me from - and of course he had no idea what his departure was allowing me to do.
And all I can think is: 'Fucking Mycroft Holmes. Little poncy know-it-all.'
I can feel the adrenaline coursing through my body. And I want to say something to John, something to get him to see - but I can no idea what to say. I have no idea if I even think he's right, or wrong. I just feel off-kilter.
Sherlock is staring rigidly at the bedspread.
On the lips.
Sherlock’s head pivots up and down in affirmation and his hands curl into fists.
''Okay,'' he whispers again, sounding torn. Sounding as if he has betrayed himself.
''Sherlock?,'' and Molly's looking at me intently now. She's moved. From the loveseat, to the sofa, and I have no idea when that happened. How it happened. If I've been gone for ten seconds, or a minute, or longer.
I just know that I will do anything to save him. I also know, that if it comes down to it - I will put him in a hospital.
He turns to me suddenly, his eyes bright with pain. His mouth is crumpled and tight at the same time.
Especially considering how upset I was last night.
WARNINGS: for conceptualizations and musings on self-harm. Rather detailed emotionality and speech about psychological duress. Nothing too involved, and really - this entire story deals with self-harm as an undercurrent focus - but this chapter is slightly more detailed on the subject. So proceed with caution.
''Fine, huh? You don't look all that fine lately, Lock,'' I whispered, and Sherlock closed his eyes. When he opened them up again, they were damp.
Still nothing.
Lestrade rubs his face.
Three or four minutes longer. And the response? It's short. Almost as if Mycroft didn't know what to say in response.
''You said you didn't hate me! You said you didn't HATE ME!,'' he shouts, broken with rage, and I take a step back. ''You PROMISED ME YOU DIDN'T!''
Sherlock stuffs his hands into his pockets. His eyes are closed, and he moves towards his bed, looking spent.
My mouth is still dry with anxiety when I speak.
''Your sexual orientation wouldn't change simply because of your flatmate's issues, John. You might not choose to act on your feelings - many people choose this option, for a variety of reasons. But those feelings wouldn't be completely absent. You'd know if you were sexually attracted towards Sherlock.''
Afraid that he will never feel what he yearns to feel.
I give him a quick glance, my expression unsettled.
John’s gaze doesn’t falter.
“And, yup, here-,” he mumbles more to himself than for my benefit. “I want you to read this, Sherlock.”
Decide against emotionally connecting a moment of such stress-relief with the added intake of alcohol.
''I can bring mine up here too, if you'd like. Or would you prefer to eat alone?,'' John trails off awkwardly.
''Hey, come on. Look at me,'' I beg, jostling his shoulder. ''Please just look at me.''
You'll sense his resolution.
''No,'' I grit out, trying to keep tears at bay. ''I don't want any more.''
''You just said you couldn't live like this any longer. That means something. And since I am the one putting you through...this...it only could mean one-''
"And she wants me to talk to Toby," I repeat, slowly.
My hand goes to grab at a now-cold cup of chicken noodle soup. The pasta has gone a neon yellow, absorbing the dye from the broth. The noodles feel limp in my mouth, but I swallow them down hurriedly, knowing that once Sherlock is out of surgery I may not get another break for some time.
Instead, he crouched low, his hands touching the bottom of Toby's feet, unclothed.
I look towards John, hesitant.
''For the vitamins,'' he adds with a false brightness, as if trying to gloss over his earlier words. ''The marmite is high in B vitamins. It's healthy.''
Choose?
******************
''Yuri thinks I might have something called reactive attachment disorder. I looked it up before - before that night. Before I took the morphine, and, John-''
He waits for me to continue speaking, and when I don't, I hear the faintest sigh. I don't know if it identifies relief, or disappointment in my answer.
John ambles back into the room a few seconds later. I hear him roll up the sleeping bag.
5% percentile for weight. 7%th for height.
My heart races with adrenaline.
I have never touched him like this before, and it's quickly seeming less and less medical in nature with every passing second.
I can do this. It's just one step, and then another. Just get what you need, then go home.
"I don't like that response," I say finally. Not knowing what else to say, and not caring if I sound like a 5 year old. I've been accused of being profoundly childish in the past, so I hardly care if I sound juvenile now. Especially if that is the prevailing consensus of my behaviour when I am normal. When I am fine.
"Mmm," he agrees, "so you think I'd reason through this sort of crime like a child? I'm flattered, John, reall-"
I pull back until my head is flush against the headboard.
Sherlock looks so achingly sad that I want to hug him, yet I know I can't. Not now.
''Do I know of a non-defective nutritionist?,'' I repeat, slowly, if only to qualify that he wasn't trying to insult an entire profession. Which I suspect he actually was, if only to drive my attention away from the proceeding topic.
''How do you think today's session is going to go, John?''
He looks confused - just for a second. Then I hear him swallow.
''Oh, how is this my life?,'' I whisper. ''How is this anyone's life?''
The response is immediate. ''Go away, Mycroft!,'' my brother hisses, his voice taught and filled with upset.
So I turn on the television. Find something mindless.
Warm.
"I spilt coffee on them, yes."
And apparently Yuri feels that the body expresses emotional pain even though I keep telling him that I don’t feel as if I am in emotional pain, as such.
Because he's at the end of his rope.
He's set a place for me.
**********************************************************************
My lips, however, never move.
He probably finds it heartbreaking.
I close my eyes, and let my head lean against John's chest.
'Jumbled thoughts with or without tenseness and irritability.'
''You're right. He usually growls first. He's never actually bitten anyone before, though-,'' and I trailed off, expecting a name to follow.
Sherlock bites his lip then moves forward slightly in his chair, his eyes flickering over to Mrs. Thiesen's, and then back down to the desk.
Like Redbeard, with his cancer.
Warily.
"I wasn't aware that I was looking at you in a bad way, Sherlock."
john, who always appreciated the differences within me...
80 Hours Later
-------------------------------------------------
“We could head out towards Regent’s Park. Go for just a bit of a walk. Grab a coffee. Hamley’s is quite close,” I stress at the end.
''Please love, please stop this-''
''Nothing,'' I breathe. ''Everything,'' and I wipe at my eyes and try to sound more composed when I speak next. ''I don't know. I'm just worried about him.''
''Sherlock, what do you mean?!''
''No. I felt like I had to throw up but I didn't feel sick,'' he says stiffly. ''Do you see?''
''I agree. You were saying he was adamant about an exam? Christ - he'd not press for it unless he thought it vital, either.''
''Look - you think about it. Think about whatever is bothering you, and think how you can put those thoughts into words, and I promise - if you need to vocalize those thoughts at any time, you can. And I will be okay with whatever you want to say. Whatever you need to say.''
So that's my hope, now. One of them. A larger, fuller hope is that Toby can do this on his own. Confide in someone with words. And have that someone not be Sherlock. I know in some ways that it's a selfish thought. Borne of my own need to protect my friend, and my feelings of inadequacy if I don't.
“Very GQ” he says in a semi-joking tone.
''How is that any different from Sherlock at 36?''
Is he unable to focus on my words now because he's listening to decades-old lies, whispering perversions to him as a child? Going about and about in his mind, just beyond the reach of my voice?
''Therefore it's a good thing he's remaining his, umm, typical colour?''
Creating a cloak about your body. Flipping up the sides of coats in a gesture that could almost indicate ''keep out,'' tying a sash around your belly to wrap yourself up in a gown or something that would further conceal your body.
"Why not? I've known you for years without you knowing any of this, and I was just fine."
How could it be more serious?
''I think I want a caramel apple,'' he says, apropos of nothing.
A tiny boy in a car. The car parks, then the ignition turns off.
''Peter,'' he supplies.
''They'll know. They'll know why.''
My neck suddenly feels prickly with heat.
''Come on, it would make me feel better,'' I manage to get out, while Sherlock finally lets me hold him. He lays his head against my shoulder.
''It's a nutritionally complete meal supplement,'' I say smoothly. I must sound like I am reading off the box. ''I don't need anything else for breakfast,'' I add hurriedly. In one can, I have consumed about the same number of calories that I normally allot for two days.
''I am,'' he says firmly, his voice strident. ''That's exactly what I am. I have never had any sexual attraction to any person. Man or woman.''
I don't want to rush him, so I give him time to formulate his sentence even though it appears he doesn't know how to continue.
Felt a surge of affection and sadness for my friend, this man, so gifted and yet so afraid. I knew that's not what most people saw in him - fear, I mean. Most people didn't see him as afraid. They saw someone stuffy, aloof, impressively brilliant, untouchable.
"What?," I rasp.
Sherlock frowned.
''I'm talking to you, John.''
Didn't even want to look at him, my anger was so fierce.
“Manners!,” I chuckle, locating the candy in my pajama top and brushing it off where it falls onto the coffee table. “Oh, right, of course – your favourite doctor is David Tennant.”
Sherlock looks troubled. Not amused.
me based on such a similar hurting.
''I'm going to take your pulse, okay?,'' I test, concerned.
''Why are you so mad?,'' he whispers, stepping back from me as if he's scared. ''I didn't do anything to hurt you. I didn't even do anything to hurt myself.''
The fact that he is pretending to be irritated with me (when I know he really isn't) is enough to calm me down and make everything feel more or less normal again. And resolved. I suddenly feel much better.
''Well, I explained that I had a flat mate, who'd been in clinic for stomach problems. And also...for not eating nearly enough. I explained that my flat mate was dealing with some things I didn't feel that I could handle on my own any longer,'' and John's voice drops to its lowest register now. ''Self-harm. Nightmares. I told Dr. Pascal that I had romantic feelings for my flat mate, but that I had never had romantic feelings for a man before. And that I was confused about it. Because my flat mate also happens to be my best friend. And I'd rather he remain my best friend forever, than for me to do the wrong thing and screw everything up.''
Sherlock is standing rigidly now. His arms are wrapped around his midsection. It's a gesture that I've only seen emerge in the last four or five weeks.
''Prime spot to rest if you thought you were carrying something so dangerous and contagious,'' I quip, and watch his mouth quirk into an almost-smile.
In my mind, before his body had ever been found - when I had still been hoping Sherlock would come to the rescue - I had thought of Harrison as our 'lucky seven.'
''I was molested.''
I push it to my face to muffle the sounds, and then I finally do what I haven't done in years.
''What are you doing?,'' I match the volume of his own words. Faint. ''What is this?''
So many words fill my mind.
None of that seemed to impact him that deeply.
And even if he doesn't understand what it means...
"Sherlock," I say uncomfortably, suddenly irritated by my discomfiture. I don't know what to do, I don't even know if he needs anything I can provide, but I don't want to pretend that everything is okay when we both know that's really not true.
"I had to know if he told you, so I had to get your reaction. I thought you'd think I was a freak, if you knew," and when I speak, my voice comes out in staggered breaths. Monotone voice. Controlled. "Because it is a freakish thing to do."
My hands twisted, turned, while my eyes shrunk back into my skull, as if trying to hide like some frightened, spooked animal.
''Light off?,'' I test, not wanting to offend him with the suggestion that he'd want a light on in the first place.
Fascinating cluster of signs.
'''That determination.' And who gets to make that determination? You? It's never been an issue for you!''
I had gotten up then, too. Pissed. Too pissed off to continue arguing with him.
I lay my hands flat out against the glass.
John sits up now. His eyes are small, drawn in. Like they've been pickled in brine.
I shake my head back and forth, and bring my own arms up and through his hold. Breaking the connection.
''Ok,'' I say softly and prepare myself. ''I'm coming in.''
''I don't know if I can help anything, but if he would even listen to you-,'' I begin, but the DI utters, ''you are his friend, and he knows that. You're maybe the only one he's ever considered a real friend. But I can tell when a man is about to lose it, and what I saw today? Sherlock's about to blow. I thought I could at least give you a heads up.''
John nods, but his eyes scour my frame. Probably trying to ascertain why I need a shower again after getting one so late last night.
Repetitious words eventually take away the horror of the nightmare.
Toby looks back down to his lap. He has been reading, apparently, and now goes back to looking at the pages. His free arm flips a page, while his casted arm comes up closer across his chest. It's a defensive position. From the distance, I can see scribbles from where, undoubtedly, nursing staff has signed him well wishes. Very likely, all acquired in the last few hours.
Mycroft is now gazing at his umbrella. His eyes glow like hot coals in his face - features nipped into something sour, something hurt.
After that, the last stages of deterioration would have progressed extremely rapidly.
''You need your rest, Sherlock,'' he says somberly, eyes cast to the ground.
Sherlock pulls back. Frowns.
That can only mean one thing...can't it?
*Parents appear hostile and angry
And I like this doctor instinctively. His hazel eyes are kindly. He's slightly older than I am if I had to guess, and he has a compassionate tone. Not short or brusque like so many who work in the A&E.
My hand trembles in his own. I can feel it. I know he can feel it.
''Just Sherringford?,'' Marnie specifies, sounding confused. ''Are you-''
Mostly because I couldn't stand to hear him anymore.
The implications why hit me in the guts like a steamroller.
That he doesn't have to be scared.
It's just a hard thing to grasp. To truly accept.
I feel like an idiot as soon as the words are out of my mouth.
The nurse looks up at me briefly, almost disinterested.
''This is really...cozy,'' I admit, quickly. Kicking myself a second later.
I give a theatrical moan, not quite sure what he is intending me to read, and not much caring.
His eyes go wide, almost horrified.
Donovan nods, and indicates to the second page of scrawling.
It's odd. But it reminds me of a stim that I once observed in a young man with high functioning autism. That's not to say that's the case here, but I have the faintest suspicion that Sherlock would be closer to being neuro-atypical than neuro-typical. Of course, the aversion to eye-contact, currently, could simply be due to his own anxiety in the present moment, and not a typical issue for him.
"Lestrade called. Woke me up, actually. It seems that Toby has regained consciousness."
''It was shortly after New Years. 2000, big one. London was nuts on New Years eve then. All these young people everywhere in the streets. And I was coming back from a friends house, and saw this young man sitting off to the side of the road, blood streaming down his face.''
“Alright,” I hesitate. “Alright, then.”
I want water bottles and hot tea and a thousand layers.
--oh, this is in YURI'S POV
I had never seen anything more sickening in all my years as a physician.
You sound like a melodramatic 12 year old with a crush.
''Yeah?,'' he asks evenly, seemingly not going to push.
About 10 minutes later, I hear his voice like a gentle rumble coming in after a flash of lightening. Not scary. Comforting. Like a duvet.
''I don't want it to seem good, John. I don't want it to change in my mind. I don't...I can't explain what I mean, what this means to me. I'll offend you, and I don't want to offend you. I don't want to hurt you. I just- oh GOD,'' and then he suddenly punches his door. Before I can stop him.
''Would you like some help?,'' I inquired and Sherlock covered his face in sudden embarrassment.
===============================
''Everything else,'' I ground out once more.
''From the body. From giving in to all it's demands.''
''Maybe he is dreaming,'' he supplied a few seconds later. ''Yes. I like that. He is dreaming. What else would he be doing?'' he asserted, and I fought back a smile at the tone.
John's not the liar.
But now I am doing it too, aren't I?
His hands fall to his sides now, and I sense he feels defeated.
I'm usually relieved to get home.
''Did you make fresh coffee, or did you just use up whatever refuse was still remaining in the pot?''
Sure, he has termed himself asexual. But he also spent weeks trying to convince me he wasn't ill.
I don't get to finish my exclamation. His face is red.
''You are one person that can help him, but you're certainly not the only one-''
He doesn’t say stop.
Sherlock could go into cardiac arrest before then.
Only that, with eating disorders – the body remains the trigger - and exposure of the body to another for any reason remains an issue of incredible sensitivity for a very long time after recovery. In fact, the typical and expected timeframe most need to get used to sharing oneself with another is on a much longer and circuitous path for those with the disorder - sometimes to such a degree that many partners become frustrated and give up on their partner for that reason alone.
I bend forward, press my fingertips under my knees and dig into the nub of bone. The protuberance of bone. I want to scream and I want to smile. Because I did that.
''I'll eat what you'd like too; don't worry about me.''
Yet, how do I turn something on in my being that someone else has slowly annihilated over many years? Effectively, how do I flick on the switch? It’s not like there is a manual here for what to do, even if I trusted that his ideas could have merit. I will admit that sometimes I feel something edging close to the surface of my awareness. It edges closer – like a flock of birds settling along a telephone wire. But whenever I try to let myself just feel the sensation - the moment I try to examine the feelings in a way to have them feel real – they fly away. They move on, to safer territory. To a place that isn’t thrumming with live-wire scalding currents.
I frown again.
All of it.
"She told me that she had been concerned for Toby for awhile. That he had said and done things that she found inappropriate. Sexually inappropriate."
''You never treated me like I was wrong,'' he says, his voice pained. ''And you never made me feel different, even when I wasn't always that good of a friend to you. You are special - to me. You ARE my friend. You know that, right? I know I haven't always been the best one in return, yet-''
''The vomit I just flushed away seems to contradict your words there, bud.''
''Was he coercive with you? Did Victor push you?''
''Fuck you, John.''
''OPEN YOUR SHIRT!''
And that's such a low and disarming thought to hold in your mind.
''Like I said-''
I am not really insane.
''Your sister would engage in sexual acts when you were in her presence?,'' he clarifies.
It seems like what I need to get my head in order.
"I don't like this," Sherlock breaths. His voice has taken on an edge of - something - some strange emotional quality I've never heard from him before. So rarely does he even become emotionally rattled, but now-
For racing this entire time, and refusing to stop its tempestuous beating.
But it's at the flat that I feel the difference. It's not even a frostiness. It's an impending sense of something's going to break.
i wanted to be close to him. i wanted to even
What the hell am I doing?
''Am I what? Am I cold?''
------------------------
'Get better.'
''What did he do?''
''Don't be silly, John. Don't be utterly ridiculous,'' and now I am speaking to the groceries, and not to him at all. No, right now I am speaking to the melting vanilla ice-cream. To the bag of blueberries and the almond crescents. ''I got you Hobnobs, by the way. The orange-chocolate ones,'' I add rapidly, wanting to get off the current subject. John's current - and unfounded - fears. ''Those are your favourite, right?''
''Good,'' he says with a quick smile. ''Keep reminding yourself of that. Because I think it's something you need to keep in the forefront of your mind right now. Sexual fluidity isn't rare at all, and a person who identifies as heterosexual can predominantly feel one way for a particular gender but doesn't have to act on feelings for any other gender. The important thing is to proceed with what makes you feel safe. Good. Whole. That's it, John.''
''It's what I have, John, when everything else is absent,'' he whispers, insistent. ''You are asking me to give up what I have. It makes me feel like I can breathe,'' he says in a rush, an edge of something dark and dangerous and full of fight lining his words. ''It doesn't just make things feel ok. It's how I can breathe.''
''Both of them are out of our control,'' I reply rapidly. ''And I hate that. I hate both.''
Because if I want to help Sherlock, I also have to take care of myself. Which means that I, too, need to sleep enough, need to eat enough, need to do what I need to do so that I stay healthy.
''Okay. But it has to be something interesting. Pretend it was a case. Interesting like that.''
His eyes are demandingly hopeful.
If I'm little, he may not want to eat me.
''Maybe four months ago,'' he says quietly, staring at his lap.
"These were my best pajamas," he says moodily. "What a shame."
''What do you need, Sherlock?,'' I test, trying to sound strong even though I feel anything but.
Or is it not a fear of him, but a fear of myself?
''Alright. Well, I think that I might know what to do right now, okay Sherlock? I think it's a good idea if John comes back to the flat. I know he'd want to help you right now, and if you can just admit to John - even just to John, and no one else - that you need his help - then you will start to feel better.''
That is an interesting development, considering I punched her husband without an obvious (at least in her mind) explanation.
My eyes suddenly became wet, sore.
And now she's wondering what my angle is...
Yuri seems to be considering something, then queries, ''Can you describe what you feel in greater detail? The way that the feelings are being presented to you?''
"Why don't you take your favourite colour and I'll take my favourite colour, and we can write to one another?"
But I leave them firmly against the table.
''I have this stuff. You're going to love it. Smells amazing,'' and I showed him a bottle of boutique shampoo. Pear scented. Worked the mixture into Sherlock's scalp, massaged gingerly. His eyes closed gently - not tightly, like before - and he let me position him into the spray like a doll. Malleable. I told myself that if he had been truly afraid of what we had done, he would have fled long ago. He simply needed his downtime. He needed to process what had happened.
I suddenly feel queasy. Something distant and alarming is clamouring up in my brain, trying to tell me something. A faint feeling of foreboding.
Almost asleep.
I turn around, ready to leave the room.
Yuri finishes his water. ''I've forgotten my manners, John. Would you like something? Tea, water, we have some...orange drinks. San Pellegrino,'' he says quickly.
''Mummy,'' he whispers. ''Mummy.''
He seemed, in those few minutes, to be almost a different person.
I know where he's going with this. Anyone would know where he's going with this. But Sherlock will flip out if Lestrade lets on that he's concerned around him. That he's even close to discovering what Sherlock, sadly, feels needs to be kept from the light of day.
I hug him first, and don't even flinch when he presses a kiss to my temple.
And that's a very different thing.
''I don't know why I am the way I am.''
''I don't know if I can stop on my own,'' I admit. ''And I don't know if I want to stop. It doesn't feel bad, usually. It feels okay.''
But never like how John said it, this morning.
''You're eating?,'' I say quickly, before my brain can kick in. ''Really?''
And it's yell, or it's cry.
An old snippet of conversation flitters into my brain - random and off-putting, and in no way related to the issue at hand:
I take a sip of the Earl Grey, and think over her statement. Knowing how empathic Molly is as a person, she's probably correct in her assumption. So I don't say anything snarky. I just hold the beverage in my mouth. Try to enjoy the scent of bergamot and neroli oil. Swallow the tea. Tell myself it's okay. That I can digest this.
Routines, he says, can create a sense of security when someone feels as if the very ground they walk on is giving way.
'Ultimately this is for him. To help him.'
''I don't want you to help me! Not with this! I never wanted you to even know about this. Look what's happened since I've started speaking about it! Everything is falling apart!''
Sherlock gives me a look of irritation.
I am white and numb and cold and unreal, and John is red and pink and alive. John is pulsing and real. More so than anyone else I have ever known.
John just stares at me, unperturbed.
''I don't need a dissertation, Sherlock. Just a word. A couple words. It doesn't have to be everything, just something.''
He's done that so much lately.
''Like nude model things?,'' I said with a smirk.
Even so, my mouth is watering. Dreams are plaguing me. They aren't classically scary, or frightening. They are not of abuse. They are not of being hurt. They are not gory or perverse. But they scare me all the same. Because in the last three nights, they have been dreams of feeding. Eating, but of out control eating. Feeding that doesn't stop.
He merely repeats the words.
The cup of soup looks dark red, and it's speckled with green. Basil? Oregano? The tomatoes smell fragrant.
''Don't you play me,'' and she swallows, her face contorted and looking sour. Nauseated. ''He should not be on this case at all, should he?''
To point out that he shouldn't - really, really shouldn't - have coffee would likely just bring more attention to the fact that he was ill.
If feels impossible that others could not have sought out the heat and the lines and the geometric redness, too.
''What do you mean?''
The doctor smiles at me, unfazed by my attitude.
''I will be getting home on my own tonight, Charles.''
''How long have you known Sherlock? If you don't mind the question.''
"Sherlock!"
Mycroft turns away from the window then, and runs a hand through his hair. He actually looks nervous when he continues.
At first I think he's going to speak, to admit to something, and then:
I hear another body pad into the flat, and look up.
And now? With Yuri's assertion?
I drop to my knees and continue to bring up red. Gritty red, like coffee grounds. The colour so dark as to almost look like old oil.
I know I'm being aggressive. Combative.
''These are the basics forms I've filled out based on the recordings of your primary doctors since your admittance earlier today. If you can read over everything - make sure it's accurate - that would be a huge help.''
I have worked as a therapist for almost 20 years, and yet I still find that certain subjects make my throat ache with sadness. Certain admissions are harder to hear than others, and always will be, but one of the more jolting admissions is when I hear people approach the subject of food with actual fear, and sometimes with disgust.
God, what did even that label, that slur alone - do to him?
And like a rush of water in my head, drowning out the noise of the street - the sound of cars honking, an ambulance a mile off, a creaky Radio Flyer wagon being pulled across the street by a little girl - the past becomes renewed.
''I don't care. I don't give a flying fuck, Sherlock,'' and I bent down and lightly teased his lips, which were also cold. Sherlock opened his mouth slowly, so damn slowly, and I moved my tongue against his lips. Pushed back and opened the semi-closed barrier, let my tongue run over his teeth, slide over his tongue. Tasted his cinnamon gum and Earl Grey tea. He let out a sound, not quite a moan (something more from the gut) and I suddenly realized that maybe he was right. Maybe I should stop. The last thing either of us needed was an ASBO for indecent exposure. Sherlock had already acquired an ASBO for something else, which he'd never precisely told me about in detail. But it was enough for him to be more cautious now, and I understood that motivation.
Unfortunately, I run into Donovan before I can complete my objective.
''It's not that bad, John. I just had a low night, and-''
My hand hovers a few inches from his back; I realize I don't know what he wants, what could make him feel vulnerable or safe, or worsen his embarrassment.
I see Yuri's adam apple bob in his throat. Disconnected. A little swell of flesh, disjointed in my brain. The static fuzz is back now, the white noise, and still a trill in my core. Like an electric current racing through me, torso to sternum.
I can't make this worse for him.
''You say I'm an idiot all the time,'' I get out. My vision isn't spotty, but nothing is that stable. The floor is rippling under my feet. Like waves. ''I was having a bad day. You were making me seem like an idiot. In front of my old Uni friends, Sherlock. I just didn't want that. I didn't want to-''
''Sherlock...I would never hurt you,'' he replies brokenly, his voice barely audible over the thrumming of my blood. ''My God, I thought you knew that.''
I can hear his heart beating. It sounds slushy and forceful. Deep beats, healthy beats.
"Can we sit down, Toby?," Donovan tries again. "Would that be okay with you?"
I had many such habits in childhood, but they've dwindled down to just the one now. Easily concealed. One click for the start, and twice upon retreating. To remind myself that it is now complete. My goals, as it may be. That I don't have to worry upon their completion.
I had left before even he could depart, that day. Left before he had even had time to respond.
Molly just smiles.
''No more pain,'' he whispered back to me, his gummy mouth round with baby fat. ''No more pain Lockie.''
The door closes and I play the words over in my head.
I've just run down three streets in my socks.
''I yelled at John,'' I breathe out. ''I yelled at John because he said it first. First to my face. And I didn't want him to be right.''
A swap for cocaine.
If that's even a need he has? Or if it's merely a need he suspects I have, and for that sake alone - is trying to awaken within himself?
John nods his head, and doesn't plug the light in.
And all are precious and dear to me.
''Is that literal coffee? Or is this innuendo, Victor?''
After a few seconds of the slight up and down rising of his body, as he inhales and exhales, I let my hand expand until my palm is flat against his own skin.
'Rage', my mind hisses.
“I know. This is a hellish thing to talk about. I know,” he whispers. “But let’s just see this one part through, alright? To the end.”
''This is so stupid,'' he huffs, seeming about 14 years old in that moment.
His language did not develop properly. I remember that clearly.
There's something in his voice that I dislike.
These disorders are particularly pernicious, and once they have developed over many years - and well into adulthood - they are notoriously difficult to treat.
Because in some ways it sounds far more serious than a ruptured ulcer.
My head is a thousand kilograms and it falls forward against my chest, but I still manage to nod.
Except I would prefer. Not to, I mean.
Dr. Rouse adjusts his glasses and looks at me impassively.
We are in the biscuits, crisps and cracker aisle when John's phone goes off.
"Do you have something you need to tell me?," I ask suddenly, my voice taking on a syrupy tone. The mockery loud and clear.
And that's something I will have to live with for the rest of my life.
''Any thoughts? Any suggestions as to what I should prepare?,'' John tries again, forced levity infusing his tone.
'You know you can't eat any of it.'
repulsive.
When I get out of the shower I dry off quickly, changing into black trousers and a grey silk shirt. It’s a size larger than I normally would have worn – even at my highest weight – and it billows around me.
Or, perhaps it is for others.
The only information I got at the time mentioned that salt cravings could be caused by electrolyte disturbances, or nutrient deficiencies - especially inadequate protein or magnesium in the diet. Which I didn't doubt at all, given Sherlock's rather pathetic eating habits.
Trusting him to me. Trusting in me to get him well.
I release my breath, winded by his comments.
''If someone here hurt you, they are not going to get away with it. Do you understand?,'' I ask with steel in my voice. ''I am here now, and no one is going to hu-''
His eyes drop back down to the bed covers. To the blanket. He starts to fiddle with the fringe on the blanket with his right hand.
He's fixed his eyes above and behind me, and is now breathing in a regimented fashion.
The door clicks with the turning of a lock, and I pound at the base of the wooden frame with my foot, ignoring the sting against my toes.
It's a testament to his exhaustion that he doesn't begin tantruming at my assertion.
Of course, there is nothing.
This morning I stare at the vial of pills, pocket them, and then head out to the living room to see what has been prepared for breakfast.
''John?''
''You're scaring *me*!,'' he pants, his eyes huge. ''You're scaring the hell out of me!''
I have visited Sherlock's website.
''Oh, sure you do! It really looks like you care! You know another little boy has been taken, right? You know what awaits him, and you are what? Bored? And you wonder why people call you a psychopath!''
I realize he's taken my words as a threat. Somehow.
''Not your thing?,'' I inquire, aiming for what could only come across as mild concern.
John exhales, his mouth firm.
------------------------
''No? You're sure? So you've been feeling better? Less anxious?''
"Jesus, Mycroft. I am so sorry."
''What are we doing? Because I really don't have-''
And I don't understand his conviction.
''Sherlock?,'' I clarify. ''I'm sorry - I don't understand.''
Sherlock waved me off.
At 3:17, I get a response.
I close my eyes, will my temper into place. Focus on what I need to say, and what I need to get him to commit to if this is going to work.
''And was it John's suggestion to have you see someone?''
But I don’t know. I don’t know what he is referencing.
"I haven't even had dinner yet, John!"
He seems to be processing my words; the optimist in me realizes that his shoulders seem more relaxed, and his bearing less timid than it had only a few minutes previously, even as he swallows again.
Sherlock points to the brochures, a whack of brochures sitting on his bedside table.
-------------------------------------------------
I cringe, tie up the grocery bags. Debate answering at all.
When John sees me approach, he stops what he’s doing – which is reading. He’s reading one of those hateful books on my ‘condition.’ (And which condition is it this morning? There are several that have him preoccupied these days. Is he filling his mind with writings by doctors who specialize in child abuse, or is he reading about treatment for eating disorders in adult males?).
Upset that I had pulled them down into the mire of my pain.
''My promise is meaningless?,'' and damn him - he sounds like a wounded little boy.
''Sherlock, I feel I must establish something. I need to ask if you've ever been abused.''
By the time Molly returns, I've removed my shoes, and have stashed them neatly by her front door.
''It's just soup,'' I whisper to myself, trying to keep the edging panic from coming in too close.
Could he really think such a thing to be true?
I feel his arms clench up against mine.
''Time for cream rinse.''
Dr. Riley's face suddenly looks hard.
"I haven't had dinner in days, and I deserve to be able to have some dinner! I'm hungry!"
Because no one is going to give you the heat that you need, anyway.
I clear my throat. Pick at a loose thread on my shirt.
Suddenly the innocuous has become the demonic. The innocent is dark and brutal and laden with sickness and threat.
There is a huff of air.
''Allotted snack for us both for two weeks,'' he says reasonably.
And Sherlock refuses to sit down.
I huff at the floor.
I let him play around with a couple coloured Jenga blocks. The aspect of having something to physically fiddle with seems to redirect some of his nervousness. To his credit, he hasn't left yet.
At first, that's what you do.
He picks up the fork – pale grey eyes still focused on the screen - and slices off a segment of fish. Looks down at his meal, and as I glance over at him, I see his jaw clench.
''You're coming with me though, John,'' he speaks slowly, unsure. ''You always come with me.''
So do countless other people.
into the air.
The easiest thing may be to have him serve himself, and I will serve my own meal separately afterwards. Additionally, if he doesn't select enough items to meet the caloric goals I have outlined for him (after going over a plan with Mycroft, too) I guess at that point we will have to add a meal supplement to his plan. Just as was the case in the clinic. He's not going to like it but it will be obviously something for him and him alone.
Johns frown deepens.
Finally - this is a long chapter. Longer than any of the others. I hope the invested time makes up for the delay in posting.
Because up until recently I never would have thought that I'd be telling a man that I loved him. Not romantically, I mean.
He seems so damnably afraid of something.
''Jesus,'' I muttered, somewhat off-put, ''Why are you pulling this act? I thought we were making some sort of progress, tonight. What's going on with you?''
I turn away from John, stare at the wall. Feel his hands moving through my hair.
Sherlock slouches over to half prop himself up against the bed.
I didn't ask him how he felt about it, either. Not physically, not emotionally. I didn't make a big deal out of it at all.
I can only have empathy for the two of them, and the very distinct and yet interwoven horror that has connected them since childhood.
''Just a few would be great for me. Thank you, Molly.''
The doctor's lips form a hard line of irritation at the display and he moves the folder containing Sherlock's intake information towards my side of the table.
So I just rub his back a little bit.
''Everything seems to be in order,'' I grouse.
''He said he'd been patient. For a long time. If I cared about him as much as he cared about me, that I'd be able to put it behind me,'' Sherlock repeats softly, almost robotic in intonation. As if he's said the words over and over to himself before. ''That I didn't care for him, and maybe couldn't care for anyone, and that it was only a reasonable excuse for so long.''
There is nothing but the rapid breath against the phone for a few seconds. No acknowledgement.
But did I miss the basics here?
''But for a long time...you didn't try to actively lose weight. Your eating was never 100% healthy, but it wasn't...this. Except, lately you have been deliberately trying to drop weight. Lately something changed. What changed, Sherlock. What is it?''
''Oh. I see,'' and now the tapping of his feet has stopped. So he's either stopped pacing, or he's sitting back down again in his chair. ''Let me get this straight: you're doing this for your friend? Not for yourself?''
Impulsively, I blurt out: ''Sherlock?''
I suddenly have an impulse to drag a razor blade over my wrists.
''You okay there, John?,'' Sarah tries gently, her brown eyes warm and if not overtly concerned - at least kind.
''In love with him,'' I supply, since he's suddenly gone mute. ''Is that it?''
''Toby,'' I start, not wanting to drag this out longer than we need to; it's hard on both of us. ''Your mum and dad called me. They said you wanted to speak to me. What did you have to say?''
''Expectations,'' and I motion between our two bodies, ''what our feelings are for each other, exactly - which we haven't discussed. Not much, really. And whether this is even a good idea to even entertain right now.''
''Hurting other people hurts you. I know you know that. It doesn't even matter if they were cruel people or not. Hurting them - just to hurt them? - that isn't justice. They learn nothing and they keep on hurting other people.''
The worst of it, though, is that my ability to organize my life as I always have done in years past - to find clarity and order - have been undermined. Stripped away.
Psychopath
Sherlock glowers off in the distance, then closes his eyes.
I remind myself that brandy from over 17 hours ago is not still in my system.
The crying gets worse, and his voice begins to sound barky and sore.
Molly nods, securing her own buttons on her coat. It's a pale pink.
He pulls back and studies me with something that could be termed vague interest.
''It wasn't a particularly difficult piece,'' he said - not out of false modesty, but in an odd intonation that hinted at self-deprecation. ''But - thank you?,'' he said again, as if coming to some conclusion that he wanted to be polite, even as his words came out in a questioning lilt.
''I'm sorry,'' he keens, voice cracking. But he doesn't cry. He just comes close to it. I can feel the effort he is putting into staying composed, and I don't want to derail him just before Mycroft and his doctor return.
''Good.''
And that feeling is far worse than *this* feeling.
''Not everyone, John. Sociopaths don't feel love.''
''Although I keep an aquarium for my chameleon. Plus, I know of a handful of others in the building that keep fish, small rodents. That sort of thing. But they might have a bit more of a problem with a rabid, blood thirsty dog like yours,'' and for the first time of the evening, Sherlock smiled.
The man before me removes his glasses, and lays them on the table.
I don't need him to extrapolate on what that means.
'Indeed. Yet oh-so-necessary. You never answered my primary question. Fancy a park day?'
I stand up, walk three paces and then crouch down on my haunches.
And I realized that when I needed the support, I did not have it. I had deliberate avoidance and dismissal - and for that reason, had perpetually felt devalued.
Moments later, ripples of vomit and tangy old coffee stream from my mouth. Black, gritty ropes of fluid, and I gag against the sick, pushing away the shame that wants to creep to the surface at knowing Molly is seeing all of this. Knowing it's not exactly private.
He has been studying me 'surreptitiously' for 10 minutes now; I am trying to pretend that I am not aware of this fact.
"You want me to have these?," I test, while Toby scrawls down 'yes' in green crayon.
I am immobilized to the spot. My heart is beating faster than normal.
''What?''
It's almost three hours from the time when I first arrived at the clinic when I get back to the waiting room. Mrs. Hudson gives me a light kiss on the cheek, and tells me she'll back later.
Yuri has the study ready for us. He's put out a tray of different snacks this time - something I've never seen before - and has a pitcher of lemon water and tumblers off to one side.
And he talked to me.
Before I could smell sick, and urine.
Lestrade opens his mouth to say something, then shuts it abruptly.
I turn it back off.
The excuse that I am not a “breakfast person” really doesn’t go over well these days, and prolonging the inevitable just pushes me into a confrontation anyway, so it’s really not worth the delay.
--------------------------
John is giving the cabbie some money. Then he opens my door and offers me his hand, which I do not take.
His breathing is heavy and crushingly loud. I want to hold him, but I know that could end in disaster unless he instigated the first move.
Sherlock deposited his hand into Toby's, encircled the smaller one.
I shake my head.
''But you'd choose the dark over staying in the house with your sister?''
''Shut up,'' I whisper. ''It's...tricky. It's not perfect. And I can't speak for all the others out there. I can't speak for other men or women. I can only speak for myself. But as for myself... I know I would never leave someone because of physical issues, like sex. Or lack of sex. Or - you know. It's, for me-,'' and my face flushes red.
It's only then that I realize his eyes are full of tears.
John frowns at me, then looks up at the clock.
''Sherlock? Would you like a tea? Or would you prefer something that arguably contains fruit juice? Even if it's just from concentrate?''
I can only conclude...
John lets out a huff of air and a slight shake of the head, too. As if he cannot believe I’ve just said that.
He was being treated, and someone took him out to an establishment that was ''family friendly.'' Let him make a mess from his high chair. Let him giggle and throw about his food, and gorge himself on junk food.
I realize that I should have called him on his behaviour a long time ago, and that my willingness to indulge his odd little 'quirks' is not actually helping him at all. Especially since I know no one else would ever look out for him, like I would.
and i want someone who understands.
''Look, Sherlock-,'' but I'm suddenly interrupted by a knock on the door.
"Who wouldn't have?"
Not demand anything...just try to get him to talk?
I ignore the hammering of my heart telling me that he's gone through my things.
Through the whiteness, I could see his lanky form approach. He was wearing an over-sized navy peacoat, and his dark tresses, normally curly, were flattened beneath a lighter blue Laplander hat that covered his ears. Even from the distance, I could see the tell-tale signs of an ember glowing red-hot. He took a drag, then coughed, before finally stamping the thing out with the toe of his shoe.
''No, not up,'' Sherlock whispers.
''And we both know the limited number of ways a patient acquires that very particular accomplishment,'' I say gruffly.
Mycroft is an older space explorer, but he's scared of the Martian too.
I see his sight, alarmed and upset, go to turn it back on.
It is John that (without a doubt) is going to be my biggest challenge.
I decide I'm angry at John, and glare at the wall.
''Oh stop it with the 'all concerned,' Mycroft. I wasn't even here! Now what happened?''
His voice has a crackle, and a light, almost breathy sound to it like a leaf crinkling in the wind.
The room changes from shadowy and dark to a Peter Pan green. The closet, however, is still darker - as Toby has attempted to close the closet door once more - leaving only several inches open.
''Stay here. I'm going to get you a painkiller and a glass of water. Though you look like you should see a doctor. You're pale as a ghost. And Anderson - don't antagonize him for once.''
My stomach gurgles in mock hunger, and I press lightly against it with my hand.
''Yeah. I'd figure you'd eat anything if it was coffee flavoured.''
''Did-,'' John coughs, clears his throat. ''Did you talk about it with him? What happened to you?''
''My blood sugar is probably low,'' I admit.
''So he knows, then?,'' he asks gruffly.
''He indicated that it hurts him now. A doctor should see to him as soon as possible. If he's cut or if he's ble-''
When he opens his eyes, I notice that - for a few seconds - they remain unfocused.
A brown haired nurse in her late 40's is filling out a form, and eyes me approaching the desk.
That's my definition of slavery.
''I think he's overreacting.''
========================
Instead, I school my voice into something relatively composed.
Catching my line of sight, he winces, then scrambles for the housecoat.
Yuri, to his credit, doesn't flinch or in any way seem off put by my words.
Garbled shouts for paramedics, Sherlock's fingertips against Toby's jugular, counting, assessing.
''Perforated stomach ulcer?,'' I guess, suddenly feeling haunted. Sherlock always complained about not being hungry. How much of that assertion was caused by poor health, and how much of his poor health was caused by his negligent habits and refusal to eat normally?
After a few minutes of running, I realize that my arms and cheeks feel frosty.
My eyes catch her hands. They are petite, like all of Molly. Her nails are glossy. Painted in the slightest pink. Like beach shells.
“Have you ever thought about getting another dog?,” John states, following my gaze.
Sherlock's POV in this chapter.
''You okay?,'' I frown, padding over to the bed. What he's doing resting in my room at all I don't know, but for whatever reason he's decided to drop here. I try to tell myself that this means he trusts me enough to come to me when he's in pain.
''No problem. I recommend trying the hazelnut creamer. It's actually quite good.''
His small feet had arched with rigor mortis, while his eyes...
He glares at me.
Part of me wants to write more. Something more sarcastic.
''I...I'm not going to pressure you to feel or do anything, Sherlock. You don't have to love me, and you certainly don't have to be with me in any way. Although your continued friendship would make me very happy,'' I say with a tentative smile.
''Mhmm, Earl Grey is perfect. Truly,'' and Mrs. Hudson retrieves two bone china tea cups with saucers from a small oak hutch, and a glass canister with clotted cream.
''You didn't screw up, Sherlock. On the contrary. You talked to me, yes, but I am your friend; no harm will come of that. And while I don't understand this particular battle - I do get aspects of what you are feeling. Not with eating, no. But perhaps with feeling certain ways and being embarrassed because of those feelings and wanting to keep the thoughts to yourself. I mean, why do you think it was recommended that I speak to my psychiatrist? Back before I even knew you?''
I try to make eye contact, in vain.
His eyes turn up and look to me with such need. As if he needs me to understand how he made it all 'okay.'
“Aloud, please.”
Author's notes: Life has been hard lately. And that's all I am going to write about it, but I want to thank everyone for their patience.
When we have finished our meal - Sherlock, yes, eating an entire serving of Vietnamese congee - we take a cab back to Baker Street, and Sherlock darts up the stairs.
''Do you want to take off your jacket?,'' I supply dumbly, looking for something to say.
------------------------------------------------------------
''Not a good choice for someone whose family history is rife with Type 2 diabetes,'' Sherlock states silkily as I pop the tab. John winces and gives me a look that showcases his apologetic nature.
Or how Sherlock feels about me?
Eventually, he would have stumbled. At this point, he was likely carried the rest of the way down the embankment.
I sigh, then crouch down along the wall, sitting side by side to Sherlock. Our bodies touch in the center, and that's with us using a handicap stall with the additional space for a wheelchair. Normally we'd have to have had this little chat in a hallway or a private room - like all the other normal people. Not crouched down by a toilet in a handicap space with grouting on the tiles and the scent of lemon disinfectant in the air.
“Physically?,” I query.
How to answer that...
''You should choose,'' I say gruffly. ''I don't like any of this stuff.''
Yes! New chapter up much sooner than the previous one. :) Makes me happy. As for Sherlock's change of heart, well, credit memories and realization of disorder that has been in existence for a long time. Credit the power of being there for someone, without pushing them. Because it's incredibly effective. Sometimes when you take the heat out of a situation, you allow someone to confide in you. There is something to be said for calmness. And now it's time for Sherlock's POV.
When I pull his hand back, I can see that the wood is fractured and there is a mottling of blood running down his knuckles.
I have no doubt that Sherlock wishes, at times, that he could become more robotic. There is less pain for those without emotional awareness. But Sherlock is not lacking in emotional awareness.
''You have every right in the world to feel very, very angry right now. That is not an unhealthy emotion. That is a healthy response to what happened.''
''Stop it,'' he says again, calmer than before. ''Your throat is already bruised. Please stop, Sherlock.''
''That's not it at all! You are taking everything out of proper context!''
'Damn you, Sherlock.'
Which is to say, probably colder than John deserves. But I can hardly help the way I am designed.
But then I recall how he told me that it was when I had gone to speak with Mrs. Hudson, after that terrible nightmare (not even a week past), that he had hurt himself.
Sherlock snorts, while the man suddenly looks hurt.
I get into the automobile quickly, refusing to debate this issue with him any longer; I hear a slight sigh from the exterior of the car, and a few moments later I hear Mycroft mutter directions softly to the driver.
Sherlock seems to startle at that, then shakes his head in debate.
When he makes his way into the study, coat draped over his arms, I can see that he’s looking relatively well rested and healthier than on our previous meet up although he seems somewhat fatigued – as if he’s pulled an all-nighter.
As if he's expecting verbal rebukes.
''That's not possible, John,'' he says, voice barely above a whisper. ''I know that's not want you to hear right now. Sherlock's doctors feel it is best for him to focus on getting through this overdose, and-''
''What significance does The Priory hold for you?,'' Yuri asks now, eyebrows furrowed. ''Obviously something.''
I have been feeling terribly, frighteningly cold lately. It's a side effect of feeling calmer, feeling more in control. But it's the one side effect I really detest. That, and perhaps the acidic heat that keeps rising up through my stomach, and up to my throat.
They fit a different puzzle. One I don't want to call by name, for fear of making it true.
Because he thinks I am sad.
Perhaps I thought I'd have time to get through the really bad stuff first, and that I could approach it gently with him, at a better time. But I obviously can't. Because he's losing weight far too quickly, and he's bringing up blood, and now is as good a time as ever to mention my concern. Since he seems so adamant for me to speak my piece.
''He's not at all reasonable. He chooses to live with me!''
I try to play it cool, but I can see John's cheek twitching.
'At Tescos now,' I type, 'wanted sweets. You want anything?'
"The doctors said nothing was wrong with me. They said it was something I should have been able to control. That I was just doing it to get attention."
"I never said that something like that defined you, Sherlock. Or could define you," I say slowly, knowing that any wrong word right now could set off a chain reaction of emotions that neither of us is prepared to face yet.
''It's not overprotective,'' Sherlock mutters. ''It's insane.''
''Sherlock,'' I try again. I never will stop trying. ''You asked me to come to this session, so I did. You told Yuri that you had something you wanted to say to us both, yet even so you're still holding back.''
Eventually, he did relent, and he admitted that he didn’t realize his issues were so obvious and that he didn’t want me to worry. That most of all he didn’t want to lose our friendship and for that reason alone – beyond all others - he’d come with me to talk to one of the University counselors in the psychology department. He also agreed to let me get him some contact information for a support group and most importantly of all he agreed to see a doctor.
“So let’s go over the assignment. Let’s be methodical here. We know that we can extract all the information that we need to solve this, right?”
Check. Check again.
I have no words. No proper words to convey what I am feeling. What I need him to know.
Mycroft drinks the last of the brandy, his cheeks slightly pink.
This time, when the door closes, the silence feels prickly and hot and suffocating.
''None. of. your. business,'' and my voice is a machine. A grating, gearing machine. Industrial music made manifest in words. ''It's none of your goddamn business, Sally!''
''No. No, Toby. I'm not going to leave you alone. You're coming with me. But first I am going to call Greg - you remember Greg, right? He's going to come in his special police car, and I'm going to go someplace safe with you. And I will stay with you. And I'll make sure we go someplace where you can sleep, and we will all make sure you stay safe. Me, and Greg and John and the other police people you met before, okay?''
''Do I have your support in this? Are you going to work with me? So we can get you better?''
''Play nice,'' I command. ''You are in clinic for ignoring some very serious symptoms. Some people could argue that you brought this on yourself,'' I add tersely.
I know there is something sitting at the edge of my eyes, begging to be let out. Hot and intense and so frequently felt throughout my life – mostly in my youth – and yet so stridently ignored. Pushed down, maybe. What Yuri calls “repression.”
If it was Wednesday, then that was good enough for him.
''Where do you think you're going?!,'' I say, feeling my anger well up. ''Sit down!''
At least that lines up with what Lestrade mentioned to me earlier.
Sherlock lays his head back down against his comforter.
'Can't breathe,' I whisper, 'please don't.'
His message is this:
A blossom of pain in my chest, then; I quickly repress my upset. I can go through these emotions later, in my own time.
This chapter touches on my own experiences with asexuality and thus, definitely comes more from my core than some of the other chapters.
I don't know why I am telling him any of this.
"But this case seems more personal to you than most. I guess what I am asking Sherlock is... do you understand what these kids went through?"
So I did.
He shakes his head, fever-damp hair tickling my palm. His locks are now raven-black with sweat.
Toby reads the message and seems to relax, somewhat.
''Do you think you're sick?,'' I query. I try to keep the tone even, unwavering, lacking in force but also lacking in hesitancy.
“I am, you know,” he repeats. “I’m proud of you.”
I will proudly show that I accept everything in his life: his past and his present and his issues. All of it.
''You wanted me to speak to someone,'' I clarify, my voice a low murmur, half caught in my throat. ''I thought I'd get that out of the way this morning.''
I am seeing more puzzle pieces now.
But I don't know where to even start.
''I am here for, um, Sherlock Holmes,'' I say quickly, licking my lips. They are very dry. Gritty, almost.
''I need to be alone,'' he reiterates, slowly, as if I hadn't heard him the first time.
Burn marks between his thighs.
It's not to simply put John's mind at ease about Sherlock tackling his problems or facing his issues.
The fluttering in my stomach has gone away. I feel like foam. Like empty, bloodless foam.
''Yes I did! I must have! I know I must-''
------------------------------------------
''Hello?,'' he asks warmly. Everything about John is warm. Usually, anyway. He's like a sun, and at no time is his warmth even more apparent than when it is winter. An emotional winter. Everything else can feel like ice around you, until he looks at you, smiles at you. And then you feel some of the coldness dissipate. You feel the promise of heat and consolation.
Because I did suffer. I suffered at seven, when he was born, and he'd cry for hours in his crib, and our mother would hold him in bitterest contempt. And even at 7, I knew he wasn't like me. I knew he wasn't a product of our mother's genes merged with our father's. Or, technically, my father's.
Sherlock lets out of a huff of air.
I unhooked the button of his trousers, pulled the material down over his legs. Tucked my fingers under his pants and pulled those down, too.
''Noooo,'' he draws out, his mouth quirking up at the edges. ''I want you to find someone who will actually help you. I want you to try to get better. I don't want this to go on. That's what I meant. That's all that I ever meant when I said that I can't live like this any longer. You understand that - don't you, Sherlock?''
Because, in fact, I don't know that much of John's childhood. Oh, to be sure, I could make an educated guess on a great number of points: he would have been in the smaller percentile for height until high school, but solid in his frame. He was relatively even tempered as a child, and a cheery baby. He would have been slow to warm up to others, but never cold. He would have excelled at sport, but likely wasn't the most studious child until he decided on becoming a doctor. He would have been a comfort eater, who only started to focus on a wider array of foods to eat as an adult.
I lick my lips, stare at her. Stare at her eyes. No judgment. None at all.
I know that his actions have shocked me, but the anger I feel isn't really generated by him. Rather the situation, and the fact that so many have convinced him that sooner or later - anyone, especially one who says that they love him - will expect, if not demand things he cannot give without huge and tormenting doubt, if not panic.
I knew he was underweight.
I am rewarded with an eye roll as he departs.
''You don't need to be scared,'' he gripes, his cheeks flushing red with embarrassment.
It killed him to tell me, and it didn't take the pain away.
''Uh, sorry - I'm John,'' I start dumbly, while Yuri offers his hand in acceptance and gives a moderate shake. Not a soft grip (not tepid, Sherlock would say) but not forceful either (not in need of controlling everyone or taking control unduly, as Sherlock would then add).
''Sherlock-,'' I cough, pained.
Keep calm and carry on.
Mycroft suddenly looks guilty.
''Can it be done later?,'' she gets out after a moment - her eyes trying to meet Sherlock's. ''He's gone through so much today as it is.''
"How old were you when you left? 11? 12?"
Sherlock is starting to look even more flustered.
The delineations of bone under the skin feel prominent, and a surge of sadness stings my eyes.
NHS: 943-476-5919
''If you need to be sick, let yourself be sick,'' she intones softly, and her hands are at my waist, helping me bend over. I wrap one arm around my midsection too, and press in, against the turgid swell of my stomach.
''I don't need your help,'' I wheeze a couple seconds later. ''Just a stomach-ache. Just a bit hard to breathe.''
''I don't need a night light,'' I snark.
I hear John sigh.
''Your friend has likely been very sick for a very long time.''
At least, for an introduction.
I may not have pushed him with threats of sectioning. I wasn't threatening him with anything as logical as that.
The motion stirs something in my guts.
If John finds my behavior odd, he doesn’t comment. Instead he gets up and makes himself a cup of tea and returns within a minute with an eco-friendly cup, the scent of Oolong permeating his space.
''Oh please. As if that's what's happening, anyway.'' His head lolls to the side in fatigue. ''I just have a stomach problem,'' he says more sedately, incorrectly believing his troubles with me have now passed. ''I've even been in clinic for it. And the stress you are causing isn't helping.''
''So you would be amenable to once per week? If once per week was deemed satisfactory?''
''Mhmm,'' Sherlock hums, agreeing with my math. ''A couple weeks before Lestrade asked me on. I think Annabelle had been the last child, then.''
'Please, open up.'
LOVE-YOU
Sherlock winces then.
He curses under his breath.
I hear slight padding down the steps and will away my tremulous cascade of nerves.
John doesn't want to be the bad guy here. Not that Mycroft is, of course.
The side of his tiny face was bloodied and coloured in purples, greens. Someone had hit him repeatedly with something very blunt and very, very heavy - and he tried to open his eyes, his panic palpable. One eye, so badly swollen, couldn't open at all. The other was infused with bright red, the sclera brutalized.
''No, come here,'' I repeat, finally maneuvering Sherlock about with my body until he settles into me.
The door remains closed; I feel a gutted sense of failure.
I smile, awkwardly. Then decide to give it to him straight.
It smells like his aftershave.
''I'm leaving right now. If you get to see him - tell him I'm coming right now.''
-------------------------
But I don't feel anything. My mind is blank.
I pull my duvet more firmly around my body.
''Are you having sexual feelings towards your flatmate?''
-------------------------------------------------
And then I eat that quickly, too. My stomach is heaving, my heart is pounding violently.
He lets out a pent up breath, but seems to be able to speak more freely a few seconds later.
I hear muffled shouting, and make my way downstairs. Catch Sherlock sitting on our sofa, a bowl of yogurt in his lap, probiotics capsules on top of the yogurt. He's mashing them with the back of a spoon. Splintering the capsule into shards.
'I'm sorry, little one,' my mind supplies to the ghosted image. 'I am sorry you had to go through so much pain.'
'You can't honestly be angry at an innocent toddler, Sherlock,' imagined-John replies patiently when I don't answer. 'Babies never hurt you. Babies never hurt anyone.'
''It wasn't always me leaving someone else, Sherlock. Maybe they didn't find what they wanted in me, you know? Love has to be mutual. And I'm still friends with many of my past-''
''That may not be possible today.''
''Sherlock will get that little boy to talk. Maybe not today, or tomorrow. But he will. He can, so he will. He's not going to let it rest. Obviously this was an attack on Toby. My guess? Toby was going to say something. Going to expose his abuser. So the stakes are high, right? It's likely someone Toby knows quite well.''
I round the corner, and push against the EXIT door leading into a neon yellow hallway of stairs and more stairs and a precipitous drop to the basement.
The voices were only meant for one person.
Slightly rounded, swollen eyes. Puffy, almost-allergenic eyes. But kind. Sea-green eyes, intense and both old and young and gentle and firm, all at once.
I knew there would be pain, but I also was sick of feeling numb.
He is so used to looking at every occurrence in an emotionally removed way. He's so used to pretending that emotions don't hold sway over his own being, that I am starting to suspect he's not very good at understanding his own emotional states when they do grab hold of him.
John comes closer, his eyes projecting Ultimate Seriousness. The "We are Brooking No Arguments Today, Sherlock" eyes.
''So...what? You want to be something else? Something more than friends? Boyfriends? Because I honestly wouldn't mind being your boyfriend, Lock. I just...look: I didn't want you stressing even more about a stupid label.''
''I don't know,'' and my voice is thick. Unnatural in it's congestion.
And, of course, no one else could have ever heard it.
This time, I do not look away. I do not shut my eyes.
My voice is unreal in my own head: cold and distant.
''There is nothing to talk about!,'' I say, suddenly perilously close to tears. More than a half hour of vomiting, and I feel no better than before I ate. Actually, I feel worse. Shakier, hungrier, vertiginous. And the knowledge that this is to be my life now, because I can't get away from my cells - not away from the cell-hunger - not when it comes trundling along in the early morning hours, plaguing my dreams and salivating like a black dog for a meaty bone.
He only craved the momentary feeling of safety and peace that the compulsion offered.
I don't know what to do to fix this.
''I am going to assist you back to your residence. And see to your hand; I insist on it.''
''Okay,'' John says kindly, then brings the cup to my hands. ''Take it and have a sip, please.''
''People say that, John. People lie. Then they cheat and go away and just...it's lies. Look at your girlfriends,'' he bites out. Yet he looks miserable - not angry.
Debate how to begin.
In fact, one of my first patients - a skinny adolescent named Devon - forever changed my views about apparent self-harm. Devon, more than anyone else, taught me to not be too hasty in my judgments of others.
''Okay,'' Dr. Riley says soothingly. ''Okay, that's your call. I just thought you might want a bit of privacy, but if you wish for John to be present, we can work with that. If that's okay with John.''
I pick it up with a nodded thanks while he smacks a big, wet, exuberant kiss on my cheek.
Not people, not faces with red cheeks and kind words, because those words can turn cruel without notice.
I realized then he must be at least marginally intoxicated. He wouldn't be speaking like this, otherwise.
No socks. Nothing with pockets.
My brain doesn't seem to process his words.
'Experiencing unusual physical sensations.'
Which is why I think he's struggling, now.
Because now everything is about to get a whole lot worse. A whole lot harder.
''I want to throw up,'' he says in rushed tones, his face contorting into something painful to witness. ''I feel so...I feel-''
"Yes," my tone is brisk. "Yes, to whatever Mycroft said - yes. I don't see why it is important now. I didn't do any lasting harm to myself, according to the doctors. Not that it would change my life at present one way or the other if I had. And we both know I don't have time for carnal pursuits, even if I had the interest. Which I don't. Little Sherlock's were never on my to-do list anyway, so there is no loss there." I pat his shoulder in mock sympathy, a heady anger making me want to hurt him. John and his lovers. John and his normality. Obviously not understanding a whit of it. But trying to act like he understands.
Sherlock says nothing.
''So he knew!,'' Sherlock suddenly hisses from the corner of the living room, the scarf now back in his hands, cording through his fingers, ''So he knew that I wasn't into it. That I was distant. That I zoned out. That sometimes I seemed upset afterwards. So what?''
Because if anything could stir Sherlock to action, I thought - it would be mentioning getting his brother involved.
''What are you doing?,'' I ask quickly, trying to keep a ridiculous and unnecessary alarm from seeping into my tone.
It's hateful.
I bite my tongue to keep from saying something out of turn. After a few minutes, Sherlock looks up to me expectantly as if he knows I want to ask a question.
I'm quickly starting to realize that the combativeness I had observed from Sherlock when he was in the clinic is nothing unusual.
Please, John. Let me explain - MH
''I never - ever - want to hear you apologize for what that bastard did to you. Are we clear?''
''I'm sorry, John,'' he says quietly, his voice hot pants against my neck. ''I didn't want to disappoint you.''
Sherlock quickly turns off the TV.
I think for a few brief seconds, then scrawl down "what is your favourite food?"
"That's it. I am getting you a bar fridge. You can keep body parts in there."
But I can't stop. Not really. Not if in an hour, or two, Sherlock is just going to reset, and firmly march back to his previous way of being.
Hot chocolate which ends up tasting like hot water, and nothing more.
''Look at the date.''
Toby looks down and gasps, shaking his head back and forth.
We are back to JOHN'S POV
''We can say you have a flu,'' I try to offer, reasonably. ''But you look sick, and they are not idiots.''
''Well, psychiatrists are expertly trained in inserting themselves into the middle of conversations that are better left alone,'' he growls back at me in retaliation and I see John roll his eyes. Actually roll his eyes.
''Usually,'' Sherlock admits, octave dropping at the admission. ''Sometimes I deviate, but I take vitamins, Yuri. Liquid vitamins. Iron, B12, calcium, vitamin D. Things like that. I am a scientist. I know what essentials I need. It's not bad like John thinks it is.''
When I enter, the chesterfield is still pulled out, afghan throw on the ground - but Sherlock is gone.
''But do you... feel that too? Do you feel that you deserve to be healthy?''
''I'm fine, Victor,'' he repeated, and I let my hand reach out to touch his cheeks, his cheek bone. ''Please don't...fret. It makes me agitated.''
To hold him.
I stare at the glass as I move inside, marvelling at the detailing.
''What did you mean, then?''
''You don't know that for sure.''
''Adam was a very good person. Perfectionistic, a brilliant dancer, self-deprecating. He was witty, and unfailingly kind. Kind to everyone in the world, aside from himself. When it came to matters of the self, he was very cruel. And Sherlock? You're right - he never saw his death coming, I don't think. He died at the age of 13. At a dance studio, following a class. Did he wake up that morning, expecting to die before the day was out? No, I don't think he did. But nothing about his death was accidental.''
I text back: 'Stuff like laundry and groceries and online bill paying. Stuff like that.'
I come and assist her, and fetch a sugar bowl and creamer.
In one rapid motion his pushes the paper forward towards me, then stands up and exits the office.
And what had he said to me after?
"No. Noooo," he wheezes, "can't. breathe. John - help me! Call Mycro-"
''Are you okay?,'' I get out.
I sit up, push back against the surface of the chesterfield. Attempt to get another half foot of physical distance between the two of us before I continue on.
''Best something,'' I mutter, ''Best pain in the ass, maybe.'' And this time he does laugh.
It was obvious then that he cared deeply for the being, and as I glanced up at Sherlock out of the corner of my eye, I could see the red and oranges of butterflies on his shirt, the tapered nails of someone incredibly aware of their personal hygiene, the delicate hands - one now swollen and puffed out with gauze and the wetness of rose blood that continued to flow from the bite, despite my ministrations.
Not knowing what this means for me, for John Watson. The self proclaimed hitherto heterosexual.
''Protective,'' my voice is speaking of its own volition now, ''And sometimes unduly affectionate towards him. Sometimes almost preoccupied with how he's doing - because he's been sick, maybe. But also, well, I'll see his face, the angles of his face in the light and I'll just feel wholly connected. Attached.''
And Sherlock had listened to Lestrade as he had outlined the case, had seemed lost in thought.
"I wasn't bad when I was little, and Toby Thiesen wasn't bad either," he adds a minute later, as if I haven't spoken at all.
I didn't do much at all.
I hold the sheet stationary for him, so it doesn't shake. His body is, in fact, trembling.
John seems to hesitate now. ''And I won't pressure you to get therapy, but you have to eat. I can't negotiate on that.''
He now takes a seat to Sherlock's left, depositing his well-tailored form between Sherlock and Dr. Rouse.
'yes', he writes. The letters are firm, rigid. Even more so than his previous writing. Something about admitting that is upsetting to him. Stressful to him.
Sherlock gulps in a breath of air, then holds it. Trying, obviously, to regulate his breathing.
''Open your shirt,'' I say grimly, not letting go of Sherlock's arms.
"Sherlock," stay strong. Just keep it together. "What does that mean?"
It didn't work then, but Sherlock's not Harry.
"You think someone raped me too. When I was a little boy. Just like Toby."
''Ta,'' I say softly, padding off in the general direction she indicated.
“I know,” I agree quietly. “He died and he never learned how much you wanted to help him. How much you needed to save him. But that wasn’t your fault. His death could never be your fault.”
The boy watches us carefully as we approach, his back leaning into the bedframe as if to pull away. It's obvious he's not happy about the prospect of having visitors right now.
''Then tell me! Tell me so I can actually do something! You're not the only detective Sherlock. You might be the most brilliant person I've ever met, but that doesn't mean that others miss everything. Because they don't. And I don't know what to do or say when you give me absolutely nothing to go on.''
I press my fingers to my skull and somehow manage not to shout at him.
It's a put-upon complacency. A false, ''I'm okay; please just run with this'' act.
In agitation he rolls the blanket about in his hands.
He's describing the most abnormal form of magical thinking. A compulsive ritual, born in his scariest moments on earth.
''What?,'' I prompt, my voice edgy. Tempering down on my anxiety I add, more softly, ''What is it?''
"She doesn't seem angry Sherlock. Not at all. She's just extremely concerned about her son."
Hopefully, Sherlock will wake up long before I have to prepare anything so I can get his input.
Yuri is frowning at the desk.
Which may be why I understand his torment, if only slightly.
''Sherlock,'' Yuri soothed, ''alexithymia isn't that simple. It's a trait associated with orientation towards seeing everything - people, animals or the world as it interfaces with emotions - as lacking emotionality. The need to do so or the way the world is perceived might be partially neurological, but many who study this condition believe that it can be cultivated at a young age, and it's not a conscious construct. We don't set out to divorce ourselves from our emotions. Many specialists believe it's a sign of early trauma, or even neglect in early childhood.''
way most people feel indicates greatest display
''Not feeling well, are you?,'' I murmur against his skull.
When I had returned to the flat, I had a copy of Harrison's autopsy photo (on loan, with a promise to return it to Lestrade the following day) in my pocket.
I'll see what I can do.
His eyes are shut and he's white and gaunt and...
His good eye drops down to his lap. He seems hesitant to either nod or shake his head in the negative.
I look at the lino. Try to keep my mouth from trembling.
“I’ve made you some decaf. Breakfast is ready – and your stomach meds and supplements are all measured out. Do you want to get a shower before we head out?”
''Just a nightmare. Not real.''
----------------------------
Sherlock seems reluctant to answer, but he does: ''My transport is not composed in such a way as to give me regular ques or typical feedback encouraging excessive intake when I consume, or fail to consume, various foodstuffs.''
I wince, feeling horribly slow.
maybe too much, for someone like myself.
Finally, I let myself look about the room.
------------------------------------------------------------------
And of course, there is a reason I never shared these fears with anyone else.
''Seen this one?,'' I inquire, and Sherlock shakes his head curtly.
"Shortly after he turned 13, I realized he was starting to go through puberty, if he hadn't already started the process. I started giving him even more space. I did not discuss, in any way, what sort of changes he would experience because I knew he was already aware of what to expect."
Warnings: psychological musings on EDs. References and discussions of said ED. Please proceed with caution.
Because I am not shaking out of repressed joy in violence or love of danger.
So I hold onto them with clenched hands, resolute that I will give them a go.
He doesn't meet my eyes.
By sunset, his parents had called the authorities.
So I stuff the Altoids container back into my jacket and pull my blue scarf closer to my throat and continue on my way.
"I was little. Very little. And everything turned blue."
I suddenly feel winded. I suddenly feel as if I have fallen from a substantial height, and all the air of my lungs has been evacuated. All this time, I had assumed the primary fear was in the superficial aspects of growing up.
He says her last name like it's a swear word.
**********************************************************************
He interrupts me then, ''You know that's not exactly true.''
"Dirty? That wasn't Sherlock's dirty secret! That was your father's sick perversion! And - damn you, Mycroft! - you just sit there as if this situation - my knowing this disgusting, horrific history! - is just some niggling annoyance in your day! As if your own brother - your own little brother - is somehow just mildly put out by this! As if it is a nothing thing - something that hasn't impacted his entire adult life!"
I nod my head, then crouch down to sit on the floor.
No one has ever said words like those to me before. Not even Victor. Victor said he cared for me. He cared for me, and he knew something was wrong, and 'please Sherlock, just tell me. We can work it out, but I need you to be honest with me. If we can't talk about what's bothering us, what hope do we have for us?'
''Hey,'' she starts softly, ''I'm glad you could make it. I'm making soup and salad. Didn't have much in.''
Still nothing - from either Sherlock or Mycroft.
I find him hesitating to fully enter the living room, his eyes darting around the room in examination.
''I know you didn't want him to die,'' I croak. ''I understand now that you couldn't cope, psychologically. You couldn't process the facts that were needed to put it together. But you didn't want him to die. You didn't let his time run out, Sherlock. You were just immobilized.''
''He used to read to Mycroft, though. Before Mycroft left for school in France. And I'd hear his voice, and he sounded so loving. Everyone thought he was so kind. Just a wonderful man, a wonderful father. I would sometimes open the door and sit in the hallway to listen to the stories. I know he was liked by a lot of people. I wasn't liked by anyone. The common denominator was me. Is me, John. It's me that people don't like. They didn't like me then, and they don't like me now.''
''Okay. Good. Then we are in agreement. We just need to get this ulcer treated, then you'll be back to your old self, and everything will be fine.''
“Yes. ‘That.’”
''Good isn't terribly descriptive, John.''
I don't feel relieved this time.
''It's hard to articulate,'' I say in resignation.
Please note that this is likely to be the most graphic chapter of the fic, and it will be in Sherlock's POV.
Sherlock suddenly blinks. Sits up stiffly against the sofa.
'Becoming upset for no apparent reason.'
I can feel my eyebrows raise to my hairline.
"I'm going to make us some tortellini," my flat mate finally states, sighing. "You like tortellini, don't you? You told me to order it once. At Angelo's."
I follow him soundlessly into one of the meeting rooms, and he closes the door behind us, while I lower myself into a horridly uncomfortable black plastic chair. It's starting to become something of a theme.
Because I am not ready to concede defeat. And where Sherlock is concerned, I never will.
A shudder like a sound of air rustling papers, and: ''Dandelion tea, most herbal teas, sometimes black tea. Coffee. Seltzer water, tap water, sometimes sugar free jello. So I can take vitamins. Otherwise I'd get sick if I took them on an empty stomach.''
-----------------------------------------------
''You're not behind in any way! You're so much ahead of me in social skills alone,'' he retorts, his mouth a near-grimace.
I suddenly feel sick, and stand abruptly. My face and chest feel prickly with heat.
We then find an outside table with two chairs and people-watch for a few minutes as we eat the pastries. The little flecks of the croissant break apart and fall over the table with messy abandon while I take measured bites, trying to focus on the taste and the heat as contrasted by the relative damp of the outside air.
''I promise you. I'm not going to leave. I promise.''
Speaking about being three years of age, and thinking himself dead.
"Oh my god," I breathe out. I feel...sick. Nauseated.
To nowhere good, that's where.
To be fair, I don't think I ever said ''I love you, Mycroft'' either. So I can hardly fault him for never saying the words that I couldn't, myself, say.
The monotony, or perhaps the rhythmic motion of the movement bringing him something approaching relief.
Eventually, I find what I am looking for and turn around, furtively watching others and trying to confirm that I am not, likewise, being watched.
But this - to be clear - is obviously the shrink.
''John, stop it,'' he begs suddenly, balling his hands into fists and smacking at his lap in frustration.
I nod, feeling empty. Not relieved. Not touched by John's kindness.
''Listen very carefully to me Sherlock. I don't expect you to really understand, deeply - what I am saying. One day, yes. But please take what I am saying as my truth. Maybe not truth for everyone who uses the word, maybe not for the majority of people. Because I'm not talking about the majority of people, nor am I interested in having a romantic relationship with any of them right now. I care about you. I love *you.* And love does not equal sex, and it will never equal sex-''
I can't make anything stop without hurting John.
''Mmmm?''
''I was so devastated when I saw that little kid, Sherlock - it tore a hole in me, to see him. He looked so much like you, and I got attached - in my head. Okay? I know I said some pretty unfair things, but I never meant-''
How could I have forgotten that?
He nodded his head, murmured, ''I like this,'' and I rubbed his back in small, soft circles.
If I could, and if it did not scare me so much - I'd let him absorb me completely. To make more of him, and make no-more of me.
''That's not love, though, John! It's - it's only interest,'' and I can see where the problem awaits me, now: for every example of devotion and care and, yes, love that I present to him - he's only going to tell me that those are variant conditions. Not the real thing.
“This looks as if you want me to, umm, provide a list of my favourite foods? Least favourite foods? Activities?”
It certainly sounds far harsher now that I have said it aloud.
''You don't think I am, though, do you?,'' I whisper, tentatively, not even asking a question. Not really. ''You don't think I am trying at all.''
'Yes.'
''Try again,'' I request tentatively. Gingerly. ''I don't know what-''
Even Sherlock recognized him as the actor who had played Harry Potter, years back. Mentioned something about Toby's birthday, then, seemingly out of the blue. His mouth quirking up when the owl kept turning to the camera, kept refusing to fly. After that, Top Gear came on - and I indicated that we could look for something new to watch, but Sherlock's eyes remained glued to the screen, as he watched formula one racers rev around the track.
''Some sort of rupture?,'' I guess, my voice sounding stupid to my own ears.
He really didn't get much sleep during this case. Almost no sleep. And no food.
And it tastes rotten on my tongue.
------------------------------------------
Swallowing, I add, ''last half hour, I think. By ambulance. His name is Sherlock Holmes. H-O-L-M-E-S.''
''Okay. I will try to give you your space. I didn't mean to push,'' and he retrieves his bowl of beans and toast, mostly finished now, and takes off before I can say anything more. ''But please eat something afterwards, okay?''
Belying his anxiety.
“Continue. Please. It’s important, Sherlock.”
I just can't sit by and be quiet when he's so clearly hurting.
''But that works for me, John! I got through Oxford doing that! I had top honours!''
''Sherlock?,'' Yuri tries again, looking patiently in Sherlock's direction.
He places the items against my bedside table, then asks calmly, ''On or off?''
I squeeze his hand so he'll continue.
Mycroft, you infuriating bastard.
Trust me. I don't.
And Mrs. Hudson.
Sally wanders off, and I have an immediate thought to just...leave. Certainly if Lestrade sees me as I am currently, it's going to flitter back to John in some capacity. And more than that, I likely won't get the okay to talk to Toby. Not looking ''sick'' as John puts it.
''I want to get better,'' he hisses, ''and I know you'll help me. Even if I feel like it's wrong. I know you'll help it make sense, inside of me-''
"Well, we were involved in helping to find you. When you were missing," she continues on, the boy's shoulders hunching up. His small eye is scanning the page far too quickly to be reading.
I wrap my arms around my body, trying to keep what little heat I have left inside.
''No, he wasn't crying. He seemed fairly composed. More or less. Angry, yes,'' a pause then. ''Yes, he did,'' and John's voice in insistent and high, ''why? Oh, that doesn't make sense! No it doesn't! Why?! No? Then you get him to discuss it. I'm not asking him that! No, he didn't want to!,'' John's voice drops down to a lower octave, and I can only hear the mumble of sounds then. None are discernible.
When Mycroft continues on, it is almost in a whisper: "The hospital later informed me that he had swallowed his two bottles of anti-anxiety medication. He had also cut his thighs and genitals with a parcel blade. Luckily, most of the wounds were superficial, but the attending doctor in the critical care unit realized that the form of mutilation Sherlock had inflicted upon himself was suggestive of sexual abuse because of both the location and the aggression of the cuts, and Sherlock was transferred to an adolescent psychiatric ward. I was, as you can imagine, accosted by social workers repeatedly and questioned about any potential incestuous on goings between myself and Sherlock."
--------------------------------------------------
I see his throat contort.
It was a medical book, replete with black and white sketches, highly detailed, of different organ systems. Pancreas, liver, female reproductive organs, the lungs. Sherlock's spidery fingers turned through the pages, and Vernet squirmed.
''I want, John, I want-''
''So you're...fond? Of me?''
Listening attentively I now realize I can hear the faint scratchings of poorly played notes and deem it safe enough to continue.
To his credit, he can move fast.
Sherlock turns his arms over, and seemingly studies his wrists.
'Nothing', my inner mind hisses. 'You choose nothing.'
''As typical, you've let your emotions derail you from seeing the facts. This child-''
Somehow, it is.
I nod dully.
And is that what I am doing, anyhow?
All I feel with any certainty is that my throat is sore.
The suggestion is ridiculous.
That's how normal people treat others who are upset. They try to show kindness in closeness.
He was in a play-suit, dirty. Unkempt.
Sherlock turns away from me, face to the wall. I can hear him breathing harshly.
''So, whatever you'd like,'' she starts awkwardly, in typical Molly-fashion, but with such compassion that I look up at her and give her a slight smile.
He seems to be on guard now.
''I highly doubt my life has been that interesting. Most of the interesting things I have experienced, well, they happened to me after I met you.''
He had been an extremely petite child, with the measurements of a typical five year old.
Then I knock. Hit the buzzer. Drop my hands to my side.
Fear and warmth, all mixed together.
He has also not been sleeping well.
See the frown deepen.
My eyes flash to his in anger.
''Can you finish the rest?,'' he asks kindly.
Sometimes I am torn between wanting to cut a thin, clean angle. Something that looks more than just thin. Something that could almost look sick. At least, those are my thoughts lately, and I know they are strange and possibly even disordered. But those are my thoughts.
''It's good that you stopped, Sherlock. Very good,'' I encourage, licking my lips.
''You are trying to see this from its least charitable side, aren't you? Can't you just admit that people care about you and can see that you are sick, and-''
He has to; it's only right.
She certainly didn't imply I was disordered.
''It's okay, Sherlock! It's okay to feel that way! You have every right to feel that way.''
But the admittance that I don't want others to see my fear, or pleasure, or almost any emotional state? It makes me wish on many occasions that I were a robot. That I didn't have to feel. That I didn't have to realize what existed all around me. What delighted others, but which causes my insides to coil up in a teeming need to get away.
A drizzly rain sheets down against the pavement, and the outside world looks excessively grey. The sky is also grey, but edging towards purple as black clouds edge in over the buildings and threaten to envelope the parking lot. I holler for a cab, and deposit myself into the black compartment after giving instructions to head to Baker Street.
His eyes scan over the layout. The readout.
'I'm glad I checked his room over for sharp objects.'
''Nothing of any importance!,'' he reiterates, voice rising, then moves away from me and hurries onto the train as I follow behind in a daze.
He doesn’t talk at all.
I want to skip this step. Because I'm scared.
Donovan, for her part, looks totally thrown off course, and I smile slightly as I chomp down on the snack. I really didn't plan to share with her, anyway.
''How did you know what was happening?,'' I whisper in the dark, wanting to know exactly how much of an idiot I've made of myself.
I nod in confirmation, showing him that I'm listening to his words, even if those words don't strike me as making much sense.
The grip against my arms has lessened somewhat, but he still hasn't pulled away. I rub his back.
If anything, Patrick came from an exceptional home.
And it took a good chunk of my life to rid myself of those misguided beliefs.
I decide to send out a test text.
I give him a raised eyebrow before taking the book and trying to quell my need to act in an imperiously dismissive fashion.
Sorry guys, I thought this chapter would be...Yuri and Sherlock centered. And it's not. That'll be the next chapter, which I will work very hard at getting out to everyone in a week or so. Not a month.
Damn you, Mycroft.
His hands have now resumed their course and move up his sides, toy against his torso. Higher up.
I didn't know what. But I knew it had to have been awful.
''No pressure. Just...if you want,'' she repeats.
Then the thought vanishes.
He asked what you wanted to eat, genius.
For some conditions, such as Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, self-harming was part and parcel of self-soothing because of an otherwise created 'construct' of self-assurance. A bartering, of sorts. (''If I run five miles, and tap the big, red tree three times - then my family will be safe.'') It was often an exchange between something that was considered mildly irksome but ultimately redemptive, and something much more powerful and frightening. Mildly irksome always wins out. Little evil always wins out against big evil.
Despite the seriousness of his expression, of the topic, I can't help myself: ''You're always that impulsive.''
I pull back first, I think, overwhelmed and extremely confused.
I also know he had a large bowl of steel cut oats around brunch, shortly before he left the flat.
''John?''
He looks far sicker than he did last time I had seen him. Which is new.
Because perhaps to him, the sense of being hurt is familiar, and thus welcomed. And despite how it looks to anyone else, it is that with which we are comfortable with that often determines what we accept. If we are familiar with compassion, we more readily accept it. If we have known nothing but abuse, we generally feel more comfortable with various forms of abuse.
I take a deep breath.
When he finally speaks he looks me straight in the eye. His eyes are cold and blank and hauntingly dissociative.
I told him he could tell me anything. I begged him to talk to me.
Mycroft hesitates.
''Inspector Donovan. I need your torch. I need the light,'' Sherlock reiterated a beat later. ''It's dark, and he's scared,'' he murmured, low tones - just loud enough for Donovan to process. To move her to action, and she did. She processed the request then, passed her torch over to Sherlock.
For starters, Patrick isn’t fond of euphemisms in general, and certainly not when they have to do with sex. In fact, he tends to be almost bashful when it comes to instigating anything physical between us, even though we have been together for more than two decades. Instead, he prefers to show his interest in quieter ways until I take the hint.
Not at this moment.
''You are precisely on time.''
And his question is so layered and so voluminous, I barely know what he means.
As far as revelations go, it's far from overwhelming.
'Are you free right now? Can you meet up with Sherlock at home? I think he needs someone to sit with him for a bit.'
''Why are you doing this to me?!,'' I grit out suddenly, the humor leaving as quickly as the heat.
It sounds as if he has cried recently. The voice is raw.
''I want coffee,'' he groused. Poking at the salmon.
''It's all fine now,'' I get out - not knowing if I want to break contact with him and run up the stairs, or if I want him to fully hug me again.
Profoundly hurt.
''Well, there's very little we can do here until Toby decides he's willing to talk to us.''
''When you find that you feel this way, does it help to lessen the - swarming?,'' he tested, ''when or if you engage in certain things physically? Like working until you are very exhausted, skipping meals? Not sleeping?''
A.N: What a hectic last few months. Sickness (and yes, depression) have made many tasks of a non-vital nature especially hard to conquer. Writing has taken a lower-than-ideal priority in my life, but I hope to write more, even daily, in small nuggets (because I do miss writing, and I miss writing this story, in particular).
''John - I think I've had some things...backwards.''
“John had me read something. It wasn’t something that hasn’t been suggested in one way or another before, but this time it took root.”
My eyes burn with fatigue and John brings over the chair from my desk, then deposits the tray of food on top.
''Your girlfriends, John!'' he spits. ''Is it because they did not give you enough sex? It is sex? Is it because of their bodies? What is it?''
''Don't worry about me. I'm fine with this weather. Just do whatever would be more comfortable for you,'' he responded with a practiced smile, face squinting against the board, nudging the now cast aside creamers to the side of the table.
"I've had panic attacks before! I know what they are. What they were, and they were always-"
In all honesty, I haven't slept much since Sherlock returned from the hospital. Part of that was severe anxiety over if I could afford to sleep - if I could afford to let my 'guard' down.
-----------------------
''Sherlock?,'' John asks carefully.
A way to assure whomever is sent to examine me that my actions were plainly stupid, rather than overtly sick.
Because I know that going easy on Sherlock isn't likely to help him right now. Not when he will use that empathy to delay having to see me properly. Not when he will use that empathy to prolong being sick.
''I have a supposition. Just - hear me out,'' Yuri starts, pushing his plate off to the side. ''Do you have a friend other than John that we can use for an example? You don't have to tell me their full name, if you feel uncomfortable doing so. But if you can provide a name which is a placeholder for someone who matters to you, that would be important.''
John, it seems, wants to talk.
My body is terribly, terribly hungry.
Mrs. Thiesen wipes at her eyes.
''That wasn't a choice! I don't - I-''
Sherlock hovers behind me. Rigid. Not touching me, but wanting to - as his fingers dance over my body. Not touching me, but almost.
His voice is hoarse, as if he's been crying - but I know that he hasn't. His eyes are bone dry.
He's strong.
Never got...
Sherlock looks stressed, all the same. My words are not making their mark.
''I'm sorry,'' she says, sotto voice, and that makes me feel cold. It makes me feel like the worst friend in the world to Sherlock because in that instance, for a flicker of a moment, I almost feel sorry for her. For a woman who probably has called my best friend cruel names hundreds of times in the few years I have known her. About a man with destructively low self-esteem as it is. And whether or not she knew or could see that his put-upon arrogance was just that, I don't care. Certainly not now.
''Yeah, I think so.''
Fear.
so for awhile, it was - on the whole - easier to manage the short bouts of sexual activity that victor established as our norm.
''When I could, I did. Sometimes that presented a different set of issues though, because Harry's friends - most of them - came from families that were almost as dysfunctional as our own. They weren't violent - that's why we stayed with them rather than be at home. But I remember that a lot of the people unnerved me. I don't know if I was actually scared of anyone. But I do remember that the house was often populated with many people that I didn't know at all, and that those people also did drugs. Some were well into their twenties, and I was maybe 10 or 11. So sometimes, before everyone was shooting up or doing whatever else they'd do, I'd go outside and walk around. And sometimes I tried taking a sleeping bag with me to sleep in the shed that the Parsons had. I'd freeze, almost, in the winter. I even developed pneumonia twice and was hospitalized.''
Sherlock lets out a strained laugh.
I shake my head, and drop the rest of the sandwich back against the plate.
It's an odd, almost aggrieved sense of modesty for a man who used to walk about the flat in little more than a sheet.
''It wasn't Victor's fault, John. It was completely consensual. I encouraged it.''
He seems to be debating with an issue. I can see the tension play out over his facial features.
John winces. ''I mean - try to explain to me. Because I don't understand. And I'm sorry that I don't get it. I want to understand, Sherlock. I do.''
What we were doing was always gentle, but it was still sex.
Because I know he'd never hurt me. Not in any way, but especially not sexually.
''Baroque,'' he interjected suddenly, almost forcefully, and then paused, winced and closed his eyes.
So risks be damned.
I feel John's weight as he deposits himself next to me on the sofa. The dip of material as his body pulls in close to mine.
''I'll be right outside.''
But it comes out slurred. Not unlike ''I doan wanna talk 'bout this any more.''
''you're in sherlock's organic chem class, aren't you?,'' Victor would inquire, politely. always so polite
Which was already borderline emaciated.
More salt and pepper.
I sit for a moment, rooted to the spot.
It's too faint, of course, and that concerns me.
He'd know.
My own gaze locked onto Sherlock's tending, as long fingers placed the barest amount of resistance against the arm, which I could see had been shattered, portions of bone protruding through the flesh.
''Why aren't you dressed yet?,'' I grouse and Sherlock stops talking. Licks at his lemon meringue yogurt. Pulls one of the probiotic pills off the top and chews it up.
His body is swaying and his forehead is dotted with sweat, and I'm assailed with deja vu. To a night very much like this one - four weeks ago.
I nudged the creamers over towards him; he picked up both packets of sugar and poured them into his beverage.
I ignore the fact that he looks near tears.
John nudges me with his shoe, and I turn and look at him in confusion.
"You git! Don't take your anger out on me! I was trying to help you last night, and I was trying to help you this morning. Don't you see, Sherlock? You can barely contain it right now! You never lose it on cases. But you did on this one! And if you can do it once, you can do it again! It means there are very real-"
''Yes,'' he barks at me, his voice sounding hoarse.
''Yes, you are. You must be. I know you must be; but it's not entirely under my control. Do you understand? It's not under my control any longer,'' and the words come out so quickly that I blink back tears at what he is admitting. What I'm sure he's never really admitted to anyone.
WHY-HURT
''What's got you worked up?,'' I query, and Sherlock tucks his hands into the overcoat's pockets. Continues to look ahead.
''I can't explain properly!,'' he races. ''It's not you, and it is you, or rather it's us and it's everything, but it's not you as an individual! Do you see?''
-------------------------
If I eat anything containing mint, I'll gag. I can barely walk down any aisle featuring milk of magnesia without feeling severely nauseated because I associate it with feeling ill. With vomiting.
He flinches at that.
Sherlock's lean, pale finger reaches out and strokes Bruno's chin and I hear the cat purr louder in response.
''I don't have many friends,'' he responds quietly, tentatively. ''I did not want to lose my best one. Maybe my only one.''
''I was on Mars. And I got attacked. A Martian took my clothes off. Put a knife in my body. I was bleeding to death. I asked the Martian not to kill me. The Martian laughed at me. Told me he was loving me, not killing me.''
''What's 'bad'? I hear these references to times before I knew him, but I don't have any context. I don't know what any of this means.''
I nod again, my eyes dropping away. Looking at the bookshelf behind him.
''Wha- for?,'' I question, garbled, my mouth full of Red Delicious. I don't know what I think I am doing, requesting a more extracted admission. What I think it will accomplish.
HELP-ME
Sherlock is straining against his chair now. It saddens me to think that he's so eager to get away from me. I see his throat swallow several times, as if nauseated.
Dr. Rouse looks somewhat confused by the proceedings, but nods in thinly-veiled impatience.
''This doesn't have anything at all-''
Sherlock holds me to his body, let's his head dip down low, before resting against my own from an opposing direction.
''This is beautiful,'' I said in earnest, and Sherlock flushed crimson.
That even once they retreat, the attack continues in your own mind.
''I'd like to listen to your heart, Sherlock. And take your pulse. Will you let me do that?''
He has started running at the age of 11, and the amount of time he devoted to this activity had grown from a modest twenty minutes in the morning before school, to over 30 kilometers a day... every day of the week.
That touch therapy could help with the feelings of disconnection? The sense of dissociation?
''Neither are you, by the sound of things. So the question remains: what motivated that action?''
"What can possibly be worse than what I've learned? What can possibly top that?," I question, my voice cracking.
That somehow I will fix this.
I look at the beverage of cappuccino, and debate offering some to my friend. He nods against the pillow as if reading my mind, the sheet moving slightly with his action.
But it would feel like failure. It would taste like failure on my lips.
"And why should I have done so? Was it my duty to inform you of Sherlock's dirtiest and most closely held secrets? Was that my brotherly right? To go behind his back and talk to you about all the dark things of his past? Things, mind you, he always wanted to keep hidden from the world?"
Sherlock bites his lip, then looks to my face, his blue eyes glassy in the night air.
By 'that night' he means the night he secured his lethal quantity of morphine.
So now I wonder, in part, if perhaps Sherlock hasn't also sought out positions and work where he is the ultimate boss of his own initiatives (unconsciously, perhaps) as a way for him to test the worth of an association or a friendship. To determine the authenticity of any given relationship.
But he is, and he knows he is, and I think that a part of him must want to stop.
John now mirrors my actions; pushes his own tray off and to the side.
''But I thought you didn't want to see John right now,'' she volleys back, looking at me intently. ''I mean - I get it. You guys have had a row. It happens with flatmates. It can happen with the best of friends. But if you want to just decompress, you're welcome to come to my place. You can even take a kip on my sofa. I have a rather extensive variety of canned soups too. If you want. No pressure.''
Then nod.
“To what end is this important?!”
''Was your flat mate - John - aware of this setup?''
Sherlock exhales heavily, his whole body shaking with the force.
I try to think of a way to describe my interest without sounding like a prepubescent kid.
I stand up then, feeling a deep need to pace. If I don't dispel some of the tension in my system, I'm going to start ranting, and that would not be to Sherlock's benefit. Not with the amount of adrenaline coursing through my entire body at present.
I had nodded dully at the can, angry with biology, aggravated with myself, the fact that I was so twisted in my mind to pursue my self-destruction.
Sherlock looks down at his hands, face awash in the infusion of redness that comes from being mortified.
Sherlock runs his hands over his coat, smoothing it out. Glancing back up towards my line of sight, but carefully avoiding making prolonged eye contact.
''All these other people were hooting and laughing and just - noise everywhere. And Sherlock was near the steps to subway, with his hands over his ears like he just...couldn't deal with the noise, and I just had an urge to ask him if he needed help. You know, I could tell something was wrong. But couldn't determine what, other than the fact that someone had hit him.''
Sherlock looks like he's been slapped.
''Yes. We. If that's what it takes,'' and I look around, wondering the best way to pull myself together in less than 10 minutes. I won't have time to shower, but at the end of the day, that hardly matters.
Again, in John's POV.
''He already hates me, John. I will take his continued derision if it means preserving his life.''
''Okay,'' I get out, my throat closing up in nerves. ''S-sorry. I'm nervous.''
"Not what that's used for," John says under his breath, and then, more loudly: "thank you, Sherlock. That's great."
John's hands have moved across my shoulders. Rhythmic motions against my spine, too. An attempt to be soothing, comforting.
Sherlock looks taken aback, and hops up off his bed.
Hideous.
''That for a moment I was almost relieved that I could tell you but now I feel like I screwed up, John. I feel like I made it real in a way that wasn't real before.''
So I can afford to swear, can't I?
''As long as you feel better,'' he gets out in a barky, broken laugh.
"Pants, too," I muse. "Did someone bump into you? You're not usually that careless."
John watches my actions and sighs.
Sherlock nods against my shoulder.
Additional warnings for thoughts of self-harm and suicide, and increasing major depression. Sherlock's just about hitting rock bottom, but the chapter does end on a hopeful note.
''Umm, it's recent. Last few weeks mostly, but I just find myself wanting to touch him for the most part. I mean, I'm usually quite haptic when I'm involved with someone sexually. I've always been drawn to hugging people, holding them if they were upset. That sort of thing. But this feels different from normal affection for a friend or a person I'm involved with in any other way.''
I try to tell myself that this, too, is okay.
I run my hands through my hair, and I note that the nape of my neck is damp with sweat.
I...like it. Part of me likes it.
Mycroft's mouth purses into something distinctly off-put as he walks me through the entryway and into a separate room, separated from the hallway by a door that looks fashioned out of crystal. It is an art deco style. I can only guess at what it must have cost: undoubtedly, an exorbitant figure.
And something crystallizes in my mind, then - something close to an awareness that wasn’t there before.
Lestrade's air streams out in a tide of tension. I can feel the heat from his body and wonder why in the hell the waiting room has to be kept at freezing temperatures.
''What happened to your throat?,'' I ask with as even a voice as I can manage. It doesn't come out as even at all, but warbled and upset.
I budget my breath. Neither breathing out too forcefully nor too restrictively. Even with the regulation, I quickly feel dizzy.
“There has to be something,” he croaks. “There has to be. Or else it doesn’t make any fucking sense!”
------------------------------
''Okay,'' Sherlock agrees, letting out a shuddery breath. ''That's fine with me.''
"I wasn't innocent!-," and he suddenly bangs his curled fist on the table, spilling the water. "Don't argue with me on that! Mycroft knew, and how our mother knew and no one stopped it because I was the mistake. And how could she protest, really? Say no to him? When she had hurt him so badly? How could she tell him what to do with the pathetic little add-on child that never should have been born in the first place?"
''I had a few ounces of tea, and nothing else for the entire day. Not until now, I mean.''
The thought flitters around and around in my brain.
''You promised me. You said you wouldn't leave me. You said you wouldn't. Because everyone else did. You made it sound like you actually cared!''
I give my imp a nod, though. Then a smile.
I do my best to appear ignorant of the fact that he's doing this on his own.
*Destructive to self, others and material things
Reviews = love. Even if I don't get back in touch with you guys right away, your kind words make me smile. :)
''And the evaluation still needs to occur. He won't be able to go home right away.''
''Helps?''
''Everything?,'' Yuri clarifies. ''Really? Did they get your date of birth wrong? Your NHS number? Or maybe your blood type?''
He is defending the wounded brother he could never save, and all at once I feel exhausted.
After about ten minutes of deliberating, I decide that the dinner offering will consist of smoked salmon (sans bones), a salad with nuts, beans and tomatoes, mashed potatoes, and tapioca pudding. Plus, an Ensure for Sherlock.
''No. I mean - it's not just for kids with depression. Or eating problems. Not eating problems alone, anyway.''
Except he really doesn't. He thinks he does. But now one would want to 'get it.'
Then I would sleep. Knowing I was pure again. That everything was out of me.
From the inside of the space the rest of the bathroom looks green, and eerie, and I quickly seek out hot water before pulling the tap upwards to flood the shower interior with water.
''I'm not normal,'' I concede.
I did that. That was my fault.
''I thought, I thought you said-''
He nods, and I feel a coldness run through my veins.
Will I really sleep here tonight? On Molly's sofa, surrounded by her four cats?
I pull my fingertips away from the vase. The oil on my hands is not going to help the flowers at all.
I am utterly bored with myself, under all my anxiety and dread.
Sherlock has gone rigid. His back is rim-rod straight now.
And if I have to play the bad guy, the tough guy, the flippant asshole to get something out of him...I will. Because gentle words and unlimited acceptance aren't getting him to see how far he's falling.
I go to sit down on the sofa, while Sherlock stands awkwardly in the middle of the room, four feet from the door - looking indecisive.
I feel a certain sharpness infuse his spine, his back, his form. An unnatural rigidity.
I put the book into my basket, before looking onwards for additional material. I find a few books on male rape and associated stigma, and decide that they could also be helpful.
I swallow, then hand over a 5£ note to the cab driver.
So in some respects, I feel that Stephen very likely kept me committed to life, and living, and he helped me see that not all adult males would hurt kids. That some cared about kids, but didn't expect anything else in return.
--------------------------------------------------------
My flatmate looks down suddenly, his eyebrows suddenly creased with a horrible, haunting look of grief.
I push the thought away. Because it doesn't matter if I am aesthetically attracted to his form. Or emotionally attracted to his kindness. Attachments always hurt, in the end.
Sherlock bites his lip, grins despite the morning we've had.
''I'm going to tell you something as your best friend, Sherlock. As someone who does, in fact, love you very much. You are not incapable of feeling love. I know it without question, and I know you're terrified that I'm wrong about this. Because I can be stupid sometimes. Idiotic, even. Compared to you I'm always an idiot. But I am not wrong on this and I'm not wrong about you, and I need you to believe me.''
Lately his eating has become even more fractured and strange. While he still makes it a rule not to eat anything while actively trying to solve a case, he doesn't seem to go back to normal eating once the case has wrapped. Instead, he seems to be even odder than normal with how and when he eats. Eating mostly at night, and eating odd combinations of foods. Three or four weeks ago, I came across him putting caramel popcorn into his coffee, and swirling everything around until the popcorn was mushy. When I commented that such a concoction seemed like an odd 'soup', he shrilly informed me that it was basically more or less just like adding sugar to his coffee. Caramel sugar coffee.
''John-,'' he says, eyes closing. ''Don't.''
I look around quickly then, reminding myself that I am actually in someone's living room - and not in a psychotherapists office at all.
It was that he had been murdered at a time when he should have been sleeping.
My cue to leave, I guess.
I don't doubt it.
I smile and continue to hold out Sherlock's paper, which he finally takes. ''You too, Sherlock. But I want you to write three things down as they relate to John. Things you'd like for John to change, insofar as to how he interacts with you. About his concerns, or in any other way.''
Then, without notice:
"I was so scared."
I sigh. ''I asked if I could just talk to this kid alone for a few moments. In retrospect, it probably made it worse. The father got incredibly antsy and so I did my best to backpedal. Took blood, sent it off with the swabs, and told them both I wanted this young girl to see a specialist for stomach issues. Then I contacted a pal that worked over at...,'' I suddenly feel a fresh wave of pain. ''At The Priory.''
''You're going to be fine. Just fine,'' I assured him, rubbing his cording spine. ''I promise.''
''Oi! You're incredible, you know that?''
He turns automatically, and I see him blink furiously fast.
''John sounds unhappy about something,'' Lestrade interjects. ''Are you guys honestly shopping together?''
When he speaks, he gives no indication that he's heard anything I've had to say even though I distinctly saw his brief flash of anger at my earlier words.
I need to.
stagnancy, immaturity.
“There must be something there. Something really bad. There must be.”
Mycroft had let me know that Sherlock was concerned about coming back to Baker Street. Something to do with worries that I'd be 'enraged.' Seeing that written down - knowing he was actually afraid of my response to his homecoming - made me wince.
''You are not alone, Sherlock. You never really were. You are not a robot. That is just a story.''
''I didn't know if you wanted butter,'' he says tentatively. ''We also have tomato marina.''
But emotionally, I knew I would become numb again.
Fingertips, torn from nail biting, graze over the glossy packaging.
"Mmm," Sherlock agrees. "To Mycroft's displeasure. You'll never hear him refer to me as anything other than his little brother."
Doesn't feel this tangle of black and red and everything pulsing and hurting. And rage.
In medicine, and indeed in psychiatry - the issue is not simply in writing down symptoms and then proclaiming a diagnosis that reasonably can fit the symptoms. You always have to dig a little bit deeper than that, as caloric restriction related to anorexia usually is rooted to a different need and motivation than starvation that is worsened by Obsessive Compulsive Disorder. What's more: there is often overlap between the two, with aspects of eating disorders presenting similarly to OCD. In fact, a good number of sufferers of eating disorders also suffer from eating disorders, and therein lies our task. To differentiate between the different diagnoses and to not give up on a future of health for our patients, no matter how bleak the present seems to be.
We are back to Sherlock's POV.
I had been trying to answer a question, during a session, and could feel some inner pressure - like increasing levels of steam, a pressure steadily building - and no words had come to me. My confusion must have been evident, splayed across my features (and so much for my ability to act!), when he had made the inquiry.
"Even after I went away to school, it still happened. I couldn't stop it, as much as I tried. But I didn't share a room, thank God. So I was able to take care of it myself."
No one around. Good.
I suddenly feel queasy all over again.
'Spoiled brat', my mind stresses, sibilant. 'Little fucking fat brat', it adds a moment later.
Wet flakes melted on his blue toque, wet his face, fell on his eyelashes. And I was entranced by his face, the cold steel of his irises clashing with the tentative warmth of his gaze when he looked at me. When he looked up at me hesitantly. Flustered.
''The housekeeping here is atrocious, isn't it?''
''Sherlock! Get up! Get your socks on. Brush your hair! You're not four years old, and I'm not your primary school teacher; I shouldn't have to nag you to do these things,'' I grouse.
**********************************************************************
''It would take a lot of getting sick to lose weight, Greg.''
Skin pale but not ashen.
That was a word he liked to use a lot. Potentially.
''Again - and you may want to broach this with Sherlock when you get home, but in the past it often meant forced intubation. Sometimes complete restriction of movement. IV's for fluids and additional nutrients. Many clinics used to have restrictions on whether youth could call or write to family until basic short term goal weights were met. All in all, the history of treating these conditions has often been aggressive. But that was often perceived as the lesser of two evils, if only because the condition is by it's very nature a pernicious disease.''
As if John's life was attractive, when it was so tinged with pain, too.
Sherlock Holmes.
''Get rid of it,'' he whispers peremptorily a second later - his commanding words still not belying his terror - and this time he places my hand between his legs. My brain is screaming and kicking and crying to stop this. STOP THIS! while he starts to rock. There's no build up, nothing indicating such a progression. There is certainly nothing romantic here. He just immediately starts to tilt and sway against my body, while his lips stiffen into a thin, dour line as if he's pouring hydrogen peroxide onto a wound, not chasing his own climax. A second later he lets out a sound, but it doesn't sound good - it doesn't sound like anything skirting the world of good - and he tucks his chin to his chest, while picking up the pace of his rocking.
I stare at it in disbelief.
To know he is soothed by that which is ultimately destructive and the opposite of logical must be disquieting for one so typically guided by rational analysis. Proceeding to facts, not feelings. Yet now he is soothed by habits and allowances that are geared to appeal to his emotions, and not his body. That must be a rather conflicting place to be.
I rise, and cross my arms over my stomach. It hurts. It almost burns. But the pressure of my arms is reassuring.
I take a few seconds, determining if I should continue the conversation or let Sherlock decompress.
Sherlock's eyelids have drooped down to rest at half mast. His fatigue is palatable.
''Look, John - if you want - I mean, after work we can get a drink and catch up?'
John looks surprised.
''You have some bloody nerve!''
My head nods automatically. My whole body is on automatic pilot.
''I used to have a boyfriend. His term, not mine,'' Sherlock rushes. ''When I was 21, 22.''
''Yes,'' he mumbles. ''I believe you, but I am still confused.''
Something dark is here in this room with us.
''I won't hurt myself. What can I do to make you believe me?''
"I think it's a possibility that I didn't want to consider for this entire case, to be honest - but one that makes sense given your behaviour with the children, your anger with Toby's father, your panic tonight. And if it's true - and I want nothing more for me to be wrong here, please know that - but if it's true it explains a lot. About you. It makes sense. For why you've struggled with some of the things you've struggled with for so long. For why you push everyone away."
their very definition of sick?
John eyes me for a second, looking almost wary.
So I watched over him even more diligently and I looked for patterns of behavior that mimicked other disorders with strong genetic components – and as I did so, I became more and more aware of the parallels between anorexia, in particular, and that of obsessive-compulsive disorder.
''It's none of your business!,'' he pants, his face red with exertion from trying to free from my grasp.
Toby does. He lets out a gasp, and then clamps down against his lips, his small hands railing against mine.
Before I leave his room, I bend down and pick up a snowy owl stuffed animal that has fallen onto the floor. It's grimy and obviously well loved - a security item that he has probably had since his infancy. I lay it gently on the bed, not wanting to touch him directly. A moment later, the boy's arm blindly reaches out for the doll and pulls it away from me, holding it close to his mouth.
When I make to enclose him; he pulls away.
I look up, still bracing the file awkwardly so that only I can read the information contained within when he adds, “You’ve got this. You always do.”
It was hurtful. Maybe because I've always credited John with being one of the few people in the world who not only noticed my differences, but accepted my eccentricities. But he's not accepting of them. Of me. He obviously doesn't get it.
He suddenly turns away from the both of us, curling up into a small ball, giving a barely repressed cry of pain at the movement.
The Russian doctor glances over, his features stern.
''I do apologize for my apparent tardiness. We were unsure I might add of when to expect you, sir. Hence my departure. Although I think it's time we get down to matters now. I am certain you'd like to return to your other patients.''
That was the plan.
For example, do I feel dizzy on days when I haven’t kept my blood sugar on an even keel? Or do I feel dizzy because a subject is being discussed in a therapy session that is provoking anxiety? And if so, how am I supposed to know the difference?
Turns around, then pulls off his emerald jumper. Unzips his jeans. Pulls them off.
That may not work for me tonight.
''Bye bye to here, Myco? Say bye bye?''
Is that perhaps why I am drawn to pain?
I’m not afraid of John.
''I'm done,'' I say emphatically, ignoring the twisting in my gut. The protest of the cells inside my belly that are screaming out at me that I've just done a really idiotic thing.
Molly hovers near the entrance, not wanting to impose.
Which is why they gave it to me, those doctors.
He's not meeting my eyes, but he wants to indicate he's heard me and gives a tight grin.
I pull my arm back quickly, shift away from him in my seat.
--------------------------
John frowns at the floor, and suddenly looks pale. Suddenly seems distraught.
He doesn't.
"Did I - did I hurt you?," Sherlock clarifies, his eyes closed. Unwilling to look.
Perhaps it is the impression that there is so much beauty in this world, but also so much deadening pain. Perhaps it is the knowledge that if anyone is really suffering, really badly hurting, that it would be so easy to look past the sky and not see beauty. To not be comforted by anything that exists. Anything beautiful or good. What would the gloriousness of a beautiful sky matter to a family, taking their little boy home from the hospital after he had been raped? Would anything seem as beautiful again?
I want John to leave.
It is not a hot day...so it is unlikely he would have sweated in his clothing.  Certainly not to a degree whereby he felt he had to change.
And only half of me is willing to consider the fear, the source - the reasons.
"If one is hurt, but is strong in their own being, in their own heart - it is hard for others to see them as victims. But if they expose their heart as being damaged, or broken - it is much more frightening. And Sherlock would never want you to pity him, John - even though my biggest worry if that he is broken. And that he will never have the type of life he should have had the right to experience - namely because he is too scared to accept that he wants it. Or, more accurately - to accept that it is okay to want it. That there is nothing shameful in wanting a partner. Wanting what others want."
"That wasn't a panic attack," he says slowly. "Why would I have a panic attack?"
''Okay,'' he sighs. ''I am going to make us some grilled cheese sandwiches and minestrone soup, then. It's what I used to eat when I was little...if I was getting over a flu or fever.''
---------------------------------------
I hope he buys it, but I have my reservations.
I awake feeling a gnawing cold and survey my room; frosty light, white and piercing, is streaming through the venetians and it makes me want to groan and turn away from the source.
I can feel the scream burgeoning up in my throat in helplessness.
''Toby wanted to stop.''
Knowing we really don't have much in the way of privacy all the same.
''Said? Said what?''
This time, I pick up speed to overtake his steps, and since he has nowhere to go – nowhere to flee – I reach out and grab his gloved hand.
John shoulders my bags and his own satchel and we make our way to the edge of 221 B.
I frown at the table, silently begging her to continue.
''I've cleaned the table now,'' I assure my doctor. Wanting to put my head on the table and close my eyes and sleep.
He said this with a far away look, as if distracted.
When I get to the top of the stairs, I knock a little bit in anticipation of what I might find (most likely nothing, most likely nothing at all, Sherlock's doing better - he's seeing a therapist now, and he knows that I'm on board, and that I'm not going to just up and leave, and so he must be getting better) and then open the door.
My better half looks delighted.
Nothing more.
I cleared my throat.
Even that makes me furious.
''How's Toby?,'' I rush to ask, feeling heartless for not doing so before now.
Mycroft waits a moment before responding.
Sadly, I suspect the latter. At least, for his early childhood. After his care was absorbed by Mycroft, everything might have been different. At the same time, by the sound of it, Sherlock's health went downhill around that period, too, and I doubt Mycroft - still in his teens, I must remind myself - could have managed much more than barely to hold on and try to survive himself.
people who made me freeze and mumble and sometimes even stutter.
''This looks odd, Yuri. This looks like you've already done research on Sherlock for-,'' and I battle down my anger and open the book to the page indicated.
I felt it radiate throughout the room; the sound of a slight and immediate rustling of clothes. As if he had pulled back or moved quickly.
He curls inwards.
Nodding, I add, ''I'm sure you're right. It's just a call. It's not even a session.''
Here and not here.
I want to ask ''why?'' but that is an impossible question to pose; it would be unfair to expect a response.
''You can trust me,'' I whisper. ''Of course. With anything.''
I grit my teeth as I reach for the door handle.
''Not really. I've heard of it, but I've never played.''
Just those three fucking awful words.
An ominous sense of dread and anxiety causes my bowels to clench up.
He takes a hand and swings it with all his might against his belly.
''Sherlock isn't schizophrenic.''
They've been yellowed and dulled by time. But the marks were obviously still there, the scars - and the cell memory of release? Of recalling how much better I had felt as a kid after I had done what I had done? Because I know that I had felt better. More composed. (Mycroft can argue all he wants that taking half a bottle of anti-anxiety medication would have mellowed anyone out, but I know better. I know that I had started to feel better after that first perverse rush of endorphins, that first shrill display that I could do the one thing to myself that no one else could possibly expect. That I had some modicum of control, even if the action of control was somewhat disturbing).
''What?''
Sherlock shakes his head, then stops.
A mantra for assurance.
Army doctor John Watson, who probably saw his own friends bleed out in the field.
One I haven't seen from him yet; not in this context of how he's responded to these sessions, to Yuri, to treatment.
He glances downwards to his hands, to his torn cuticles.
Right in front of me.
The shrink sighs, then rises slowly, dropping a bundle of pamphlets on my side table and indicating that I should take them.
''In your opinion, which hardly matters to me, I need help. In my opinion, I don't. Whose opinion matters more to me, do you think? Yours or mine?''
I had taken the can of San Pellegrino, cracked the tab, watched the sugary water foam up in carbonated spurts. Fought the need to wipe my eyes, which were hot and throbbing.
''What sort of talks?''
I hear Devon, and then I hear Sherlock - in his apologetic tone. And it feels like the same damn patient, only aged 22 years.
*Abnormal eating patterns
Sometimes I think that there is nothing really wrong with me.
''I don't have time to discuss pointless drivel, John. I need to get back to the hospital and speak to-''
''Do you have any more information about his condition?''
The emptiness of the room makes my skin itch.
Ok. Good. At least we are getting somewhere now.
Sherlock slowly opens the folder, pulls out several photos. Stares at the first few, his eyes shifting in perplexed anxiety before he passes me a couple pages.
He gives a sad smile to his plate, but I catch it from the corner of my vision.
''It's not funny,'' he hisses. ''Not if you think about it. Not if you break it down into base components. Who we are - what we are - is comprised of the entirety of what we have lived through. You change a major past event - a sense event - and you don't have the same person anymore. Not really.''
That furor alone could make me feel so upset.
Then seemed to recoil in horror at what he had done. But that was after I pulled back first. After I had reservations, and displayed those reservations.
''What else do you eat besides miso soup with marmite, Sherlock?''
I turn back to him, suddenly putting my head into my hands.
''He's screaming?,'' I clarify.
I open my eyes cautiously now, my mind racing with superstitious, silly, childish thoughts. Thoughts that make no sense. Thoughts I rarely entertained - even when I was a child.
''You think leaving this is going to make it easier to talk about? Shouldn't we get this over with?''
Mycroft stands up now, in fury.
''If you don't kiss me back, I might just mock your ability to kiss instead,'' he supplies, and a chortle breaks through when I lightly shove him in the shoulder.
But maybe - permanently - wrong.
''Why not?,'' and the dread uncoils a little further in my belly. Like a living, breathing, biting snake.
When his very lifestyle screams to me that he doesn't. That he can't.
He doesn't, however, return to the living room for the rest of the night.
''What I am doing is not wasting any more time, and-''
''What?,'' and John's kind eyes squint into blue-green slits. ''Sherlock, what?''
-covering my ears and curling up in the closet-
''Has your brother stepped out, Mr. Holmes?,'' the doctor - Roarke? No, Rouse - asks briskly, and I feel a wave of irritation swell up in my heart.
''Would that be a deliberate getting sick?''
Additionally - this is a long chapter. I thought about breaking it up into three roughly equal portions, and then thought against it. Since the next few chapters with take place at Yuri's, with Mycroft - I wanted this to be the last resolute chapter where Sherlock is stuck with his secrets.
''I have,'' and my voice is dry, so I stop. Gather enough moisture to swallow. ''a problem with eating. I don't want to eat. I don't want it inside me. Any of it.''
But he's still there.
Warm hands against my back, up and trailing over my arm, my hands.
It certainly won't make eating that much more attractive for him.
To be alone right now, or to not be alone?
''Right,'' John says with a smile smile, ''Good. I will go get my own meal then. Be back in a tick.''
Good lord - he's lost all the reserve muscle around his torso. I can see the beating of his heart like an exposed organ in the air. The thought is sickening.
He needs to hear this.
''S'all fine?,'' Sherlock mumbles, and the bone-weary fatigue that he must have been experiencing is readily apparent. He's almost asleep, despite this departure in how we are acting, and living, and interacting with one another.
Not to mention that the symbolism here is undeniably textbook. The parcel knife that Sherlock used to hurt himself as an adolescent would be turned on his abuser. Drugging his father would make the older man – had he still been alive, that is - physically weak and prevent all attempts at crying out for aid. It is a classic reversal of roles.
''Sherlock, you are not complicit in this!''
I wait patiently for his response.
I get no verbal response. I don't even get a nod.
And now I am all alone with the Martian. I could cry.
''Yes, he has,'' I interrupt, speaking now for Sherlock. Because I know my anger is going to sustain me, while Sherlock is close to crashing. ''Mycroft went to get some coffee. He should be back any moment now.''
''Alright,'' he says in acceptance of my position, ''I'll hold off on any additional suppositions until we get more data back.''
''No jail,'' he whispers. ''Not away.''
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
''Hold on for a moment. Just give me a minute of your time, alright?''
My flat mate glares at me. His blue eyes seem fuller and paler in the weak light of the evening. The pupils have constricted and seem small.
My arms are heavy with the weight of the four double bagged groceries, and I fumble for my keys. Which is rather pointless, as I hear the door lock start to turn on its own. And then suddenly John is there, staring at me with a look of disappointment. He silently takes three of the bags and marches back up the stairs before I can protest.
I press my hands against my temples, debating with myself for what I am going to say next.
John hesitates.
When he's standing in nothing but his pants, he turns back to face me. Lightly presses against his bladder for show.
I just don't want to stare at it any longer.
Yuri once asked me when I first noticed - realized - that Sherlock was sick.
His under-eyes are marked by two half-moons of blue. Almost purple in intensity.
''I,'' and now he hesitates, ''I like you.'' Just that. Just that childhood expression, and nothing more.
I brush at the image, reminding myself that I can come back to the photograph later; that to focus too intently on it right now might be counter-productive to actually getting through the upcoming meeting with my emotions in check. So I give one last look at the image - and trace the peter-pan collars which edge the neck of his child-form - before gingerly putting the photograph back into my pocket.
---------------------------
It's a need to soothe, a need to offer support that is softer and more gentle than what I normally would feel for an adult friend or colleague, even one in distress.
They do, almost immediately.
And I didn't even see this encroaching. That this attack is just the final culmination of what I didn't see.
''Alright,'' he responds tentatively. ''What did you want to say to us?''
Pascal jots yet something else down on his sheets. I blink down quickly at the forms to see if I can make out what he's writing.
Sherlock glances over at the off-white forms as if they are venomous.
My mind recalls Sherlock's words from the morning.
What I really need is to punch something.
And psychiatrists wonder why so many people detest them.
''Do you want to have sex with me?''
comprehend.
"Do you think your 'what-if's' helps matters, John? To ask those sorts of questions? He coped as well as he could cope!"
''So Harry sometimes just...well, she'd take me along to her friends. We often would sleep in the basements of her friends' houses. It was just easier that way.''
But I refrain.
At first I considered drugs, and then when that hypothesis was omitted as being impossible - I was forced to consider that which didn’t seem possible given his overall temperament but which remained as the only possibility; I knew of his eating habits, his exercise routine, and the stunning amount of weight he had lost since the summer semester had begun.
I'm not really sure.
''You need a painkiller, maybe?,'' I ask cautiously, softly. Loud noises can be just as bad as harsh lights when you are suffering from a migraine. ''Or is it just auric symptoms? Nausea and the like?''
''I hate myself right now, John. I can't do this for weeks, for months. I can't do this.''
"You cannot be serious! I had...no idea, Mycroft! No idea that he was in that much pain! We work on the most horrific cases, but you didn't even bother to give me a heads up. To let me know what might tip him over the edge!"
''I don't want to fight with you, Sherlock. Please. Just sit and talk to me. Please,'' and his voice is tinged with begging and sadness and everything that brings back my sense of self-loathing. Especially knowing I am the reason for his begging and his sadness in the first place.
''Am I? I highly doubt it. I can read between the lines, John. My physical form doesn't appeal to convention, and never has - nor my psychology, nor my temperament. So to 'revert' me back to a state that is a little less disruptive, should a case I'm consulting on become more publically known, Lestrade and Company have decided to take away one of the few things in life that I truly enjoy!''
I hear John sigh.
So I never said it again, but I also never felt it again, ever.
''You said you love me!''
Sherlock's breath suddenly hitches, and I sense he is trying very hard to remain as immobile as possible.
I rub my hands through my hair, pulling on the tendrils until my head stings.
''Dr. Pascal leaves for lunch usually between noon and 12:10, but he sometimes steps out of the office for a brief period of time. I wouldn't want you to miss him. Are you sure you don't want to leave-''
''It's not ever going to make sense, Sherlock. People don't hurt kids to make sense. They don't beat kids for some logical reason. It's not about that. Besides, I don't think it's true that Harriet wasn't hurt, or that Mycroft wasn't hurt. There are many different ways to wound people. It's not just about the physical body. Emotional pain goes deeper than all of that, and they didn't escape that. They couldn't have. It must have been awful for my sister to see what happened to our mother, and to me. It must have been horrible for Mycroft to see what was happening to you, Sherlock. And to not know how to stop it. Not when he was a child.''
''Sherlock, it's - your stomach is - you're not swollen. No part of you is swollen. Your stomach isn't even flat - it dips down far too much. One meal hasn't changed that fact. It's just a start,'' I manage to reply, my mouth dry as bone.
''Bleeding ulcer,'' he says solemnly. ''I've even had a partial gastrectomy. Something that possibly could be of equal benefit to yourself as it was for my own person. Varying reasons for it's necessity, of course.''
He grins, but it's a soulless sort of attempt at looking amused.
''Sherlock,'' I respond in slight frustration. ''You said you'd try to answer these questions. To provide more facts.''
''Hey - hey,'' and I reach out for him. He resists the hug I attempt to give him and I feel my sense of weariness increase. I don't want to have to fight him every step of the way just to deal with his mood issues.
Together it works well, though, because together we balance each other.
Sherlock nods carefully, eyes squinting into something sour.
He shakes his head quickly.
''No!,'' Sherlock hisses, eyes swelling with tears. I see a flash of white from his teeth cutting into his lip. ''Not anything like that!,'' he gets out in a rush, dropping his head down to his kneecaps, and encircling his head with his arms. ''I know Mycroft will never hurt me,'' he now mumbles from beneath the folds of his pajamas, his voice thick and heavy.
