He saunters off towards the building, as though turning his back on the Winter Soldier is nothing to be concerned about; so far, only Steve has been that blasé about showing Barnes his back, and that’s because Steve is a moron who forgets that the man he’s welcomed into his home is not the same one he lost seventy years ago. Barnes isn’t expecting a second person to be so comfortable in his presence, not as long as he lives, and the surprise of it leaves him stationary on the roof.
Instead, he tells her about the projects he's been working on: the issues with the new StarkPhone that cropped up in beta testing; the prototype wings he's been building purely to prove he can do it and do it better than whichever idiot built the EXO-7; the changes he's considering making the next time he rebuilds Rhodey's armour.
Nowhere in his spotty memories can the asset remember surrendering. It wasn't in Bucky Barnes' nature, and under Hydra's control it would never have been an option.
Bruce sighs again, taking the mug away from him because he's a sadistic evil monster. "Give it up, Tony. I know you were dating Steve."
Sam, saint that he is, puts Steve out of his misery. "Didn't manage a whole load of talking, did you?" He's grinning, looking far too pleased at this news, at least until he remembers how this conversation started. "I'm getting the impression you don't think that's a good thing. What, not as good as you remember?"
“I won’t hurt her,” he says decisively; if he was willing to let Stark take a free shot at him, he’s definitely not going to fight his spiderling, who probably deserves vengeance more than anyone.
"Only because it was clearly where he was heading," Tony argues, then takes a moment to collect himself before raising his most logical of arguments. "If that wasn't what he wanted, don't you think he'd have said something since then?"
JARVIS sulks a moment, either looking for a way he can get away with misinterpreting Tony's unquibbleable instruction or making sure Tony knows how unhappy he is with the situation. "Crystal clear, Sir," he replies, sounding positively mechanical in a way Tony didn't even know he was capable of. Then, just to emphasise the fact that he's apparently just as unhappy with Tony as Tony is with him, JARVIS turns on Tony's
“Bucky being there,” Steve explains, once he’s managed to steer his brain back to the topic at hand. “Or, not warning you he would be, I guess. Natasha decided we were all going to eat here, and-”
The Soldier nods, eyes downcast, and drops to his knees on the jagged looking gravel of the rooftop, no effort to go slowly or brace himself, no sign at all that he feels the pain Tony's pretty sure he ought to be feeling right now. His left arm is held out to the side rather than cradled against his chest, sleeve sliding back far enough to show an inch of steel before the biohazard/crappy knitted glove that covers his hand.
Tony frowns at it, then up at Steve, then back at the plate again. He doesn’t accept it, but he does pick up a single blueberry, dragging it through a pool of syrup before putting it in his mouth. “For…?” he asks, then makes a tremendously distracting production of licking the syrup off his fingers.
If there's one thing almost guaranteed to get a long-winded response from Tony, it's mentioning Steve; yes, Tony's diatribes on the man tend to be either entirely uncomplimentary or so complimentary that Bruce feels a little uncomfortable listening to them (Steve is a good-looking man, there's no denying that, but Tony's fifteen minute odes to his abs are more than Bruce wants to hear), but either way it would be more of a conversation than they're having now.
FHD shrugs a second time, still seeming unfamiliar with how that's supposed to work, and tilts his left hand (now holding yet another wickedly sharp knife); Clint assumes this means he isn't entirely sure, and sets to checking pulses. To his surprise, he finds all but one of them is alive; that one, he leaves, but the others he binds with belts and bootlaces before confiscating the contents of their pockets. No weapons on any of them, which is definitely not how Clint remembers his fun introduction to them going; he assumes FHD helped himself to anything stabby or shooty when he knocked the goons out, which makes giving Clint a half empty gun kind of a dick move (though since he took out a Hydra team and cut Clint loose, he maybe shouldn't complain too much).
"Hey, no," Steve interrupts, because it's taken him this long to realise Tony is Tony-apologising for what, as far as Steve is concerned, basically amounts to the fact that he's a human being with feelings. "I wasn't trying to make you feel bad, Tony. It wasn't a complaint."
“Let me take a look at your arm,” Stark answers, neither a request nor an order but somewhere in between. “It causes me actual pain to have tech that damaged in my home, never mind that god-awful noise it keeps making.”
– to find Bucky, but it won't reduce his chances of finding him if he waits until after Tony wakes up and they have the conversation Steve should have made sure they had last night. It's okay for him to rest, at least a little longer.
expression whenever he tried to bullshit her. Tony feigns indifference, the same way he always used to.
Steve wouldn’t lie to him. If Steve says he’s not a prisoner here, then the asset believes him. He’s not locked in the elevator. Steve wouldn’t do that to him.
“But, seriously, if they can stick you in a chair and make you try kill your BFF, they can do the same to any of us and, like you said, I don't want to put taking me out on Steve's shoulders.” A pause, barely long enough for Stark to take a breath, and then, “Besides, I know how the fight on the helicarrier went, and the fact that lying there letting you smash his face in while he tried to convince you were buddies actually worked is just going to make him try the same stupid thing again.
No, Howard wasn't a saint, and he was a terrible father, but he knew right from wrong and he kept mostly to the right side of that line. However much the war changed him, however damaged he was by part he played in ending it, Steve doesn't believe Howard was capable of true evil, the kind it would take to see a man he used to be friendly with tortured and do nothing to stop it.
“Yeah, oh,” Tony agrees, straightening up again. “Don’t worry so much, Steve. He’s got the same basic access rights as everyone else, so as far as I’m concerned Barnes can go where he likes, okay?”
Tony smiles, sneaks a peek at the name on her ID badge (he recognises her, okay, it's just that names aren't his strong point), and says, "Thanks, Kimberly."
Still, at this point he really doesn’t think finally asking his question will make Barnes feel any worse, even if Tony’s feelings are very much dependent on Barnes’ answer; he clasps his hands behind his back, hoping to at least avoid any more terrible gestures, and says, “Just, in the files, I found- There was a blueprint, for your, you know, arm, and it had his initials, so I thought. Yeah. Did you ever see him?”
“JARVIS?” he asks, not going so far as to actually phrase his question; given that he last asked for an update approximately three minutes ago, Steve thinks JARVIS can work out his question without it.
Usually, this is where Tony would respond with an attempt to justify his excessive caffeine consumption (a few years ago, Bruce wouldn't have had a leg to stand on where over-caffeination is concerned, but he's been strictly decaf since the Other Guy) and carry right on with what he's doing. Today, though, not only does Tony not say anything, he also hits pause on whatever it is he's watching so quickly Bruce would assume it's porn, but for the fact that he's not sure Tony would have a problem with leaving porn playing when someone walks into the room.
Stark looks up at him again, eyes narrowed, brandishing the spanner in his hand at him like the world’s most ill-advised threat. Ignoring the fact that threatening the Winter Soldier with anything is a piss poor idea, the thing is so tiny and delicate that Barnes himself would struggle to use it as a weapon. Hell, even Natalia would have a hard time of it, and Barnes is reasonably sure she once killed a man with a paper clip.
to have been shut down before the call connected; someone is getting one hell of a scolding as soon as Maria's finished managing this crisis. Still, this information is hardly intended to be confidential from the Avengers, so Maria offers Banner a curt nod in answer to his question.
, Sam thinks. Tony Stark's home. Totally explains everything. "Sure, sure," he says; since meeting Steve, Sam's life philosophy has mostly just been
"I'll do that, then," Bruce agrees, offering JARVIS/the room a fond smile as he heads to the cupboard for a clean plate. "Thanks, JARVIS."
Barnes picks up the beer, a determined flick enough to remove the top. He’s not entirely sure he wants to drink, but he understands that it would be rude to refuse.
“It wasn’t planned,” Bruce says reasonably, when Tony actually pauses for breath. “Natasha decided we were having waffles, and everything went from them.”
It occurs to him, then, that there is one thing he wants to know, and hasn’t wanted to ask Steve yet.
, Tony," Clint answers beseechingly. "Of course I don't think they deserved it. But, judging by the way he beat the shit out of his oldest friend, it doesn't look like the guy was ever given a choice."
"Put him through," he says, graciously waiting for JARVIS to confirm it's Steve before giving the instruction.
"Fine," Tony says, shooting a camera his most unimpressed look. "I'll play nice long enough to eat, but those bottles better be exactly where I left them when I get back, you hear me?"
Today is the first time in weeks that JARVIS has let her know that Tony has left his workshop, and Pepper is determined not to waste this opportunity to pin him down and impress upon him why it's so important for the owner of a company to make an appearance at meetings every now and again. She may be CEO (and very happy about that fact, too) but there's no denying that the shareholders find it reassuring to know Tony's still alive and still inventing.
), and then listens some more as Tony gives all his usual reasons why that's not an option. Or, on the other hand, Jim makes the effort to explain to Tony yet again that a) most people tend to panic when they get phone calls in the middle of the night and b) not everyone’s job comes with the same flexible working hours Tony allows himself, only for Tony to dismiss all Jim’s very reasonable complaints (
“As opposed to the position where I’ve murdered his BFF?” Stark says. “Yeah, I can totally see how that’s better.”
He pops the avocado roll in his mouth, then promptly slams all four chair legs back onto the floor and dashes to the sink, sticking his mouth straight under the tap.
It doesn't escape Tony's notice that she's not actually answered his question about her well-being, but, of all the times he's visited her, she's never actually told him how she's feeling, so it's not anything out of the ordinary. She doesn't want to talk about her health (and, sadly, her memory issues mean she's no longer an authority on that anyway), and she's never been one to complain about things she can't change, so Tony doesn't push her to do either.
Despite the fact that Barnes never actually confirmed that he wanted Clint to contact Natalia, he’s not entirely surprised when Sam tells him that’s what’s happened, nor is he remotely surprised when he leaves his bedroom on the morning of the third day to find her sat in the kitchen with Steve and Sam.
It’s a while since Tony was last there, well before Steve took down SHIELD, but absolutely nothing has changed. The furniture is exactly what Pepper picked out, the paintings on the wall are the same ones she picked out, and with the exception of what Tony assumes are Wilson’s boots (they’re too small to be Steve’s, at any rate, and he can’t imagine Barnes leaving his belongings lying around) by the door, there’s just as few personal effects as before.
As it is, JARVIS puts the chances of Sir attempting to kill the Winter Soldier on sight at 29%, and that is guaranteed to end badly; even if Sir survives, the damage it will do to his relationship with Captain Rogers and the Avengers as a whole will be irreversible. He had hoped to save this card until the odds were slightly further in their favour, but Sir's current emotional distress is such that, combined with the concrete location, JARVIS has to take the risk.
It's not just Steve, though. If Tony gets as wasted as he wants to be, he'll end up back upstairs yelling things that he's not sure he means, and the fallout won't stop at him and Steve. It'll roll right over the whole team, in a way they probably can't come back from.
Why wouldn’t Tony think he was that unimportant to him, when Steve’s worked so hard not to let on how much he cares?
"I do my best," he answers, flippancy being about the only way he's ever been able to react to a compliment, particularly one as sincere as Peggy’s is. Well, that and arguing, because if he tries to balance the deaths he's caused against the lives he's saved, Tony doesn't think he's out of the red yet, but if he argues then Peggy will argue back and he doesn't want to upset her more than he has already.
, Tony thinks. He knows that. This is Bruce, not Clint or Thor, and he's a lot less comfortable either hearing or sharing tales of past exploits than they are. And, even if he wasn't talking to Bruce, it's not just him he's talking about, and Steve is every bit as private as Bruce is about his sex life, so Tony should absolutely not give anything in the way of details.
"Fucking hell, JARVIS!" Tony shouts, not entirely able to come up with words to express how angry he is. Or, well, he's got some words, but they're very much not ones he'd use in front of a family audience. "What the fucking
Sam wanted to hate him, he really did, but looking at the man all he can see is a torture victim, a prisoner of war. A traumatised vet, and hell if Sam isn’t going to try and help him, even if it is so far above his pay grade he needs a telescope to see it from here.
“Dick,” Clint mutters. “And since you’re sharing a floor with the guy, you’ll have to tell me, Falcon.”
A soft glow fills the room, gentle enough not to leave them squinting, and Steve tries not to squirm under the oddly familiar look Tony's giving him.
The blueprints are awful, indescribably so, but it's not until he reads the initials in the lower right hand corner of each page that Tony vomits right there on his workshop floor.)
Steve laughs, entirely unamused. "The problem isn't that I'll forget it," he tells Tony, since Bucky's blank expression is going to be stuck with him forever, the same way he's going to be hearing that dead-sounding
, Tony thinks. It's probably a conversation that'll go better face-to-face, anyway, and he'll be seeing Steve tonight at the latest.
"Let's get this shit over with, JARVIS," he instructs, and tries very hard to pretend he doesn't have to hang on to the railing to stay upright.
on Cap's best buddy and to hell with the consequences or the fact that it wasn't his fault? Because I don't know about you, but I don't want to see my actually decent family ripped apart so Tony can get revenge for the shitty one he was born into."
"Awesome," Wilson says, mustering up enough energy to push himself away from the wall and starting a meandering path in the direction of the jet, Bruce following after him.
"Captain Rogers has been in the gym for a number of hours," JARVIS says. "As per my Helicopter Parent Protocol, I am required to notify Mr Stark when team members begin exhibiting unhealthy behaviours, however in the current circumstances I feel it would be better not to alert him."
And then Steve crumples, collapsing in on himself like a car hitting a streetlight, a full on concertina that ends with him sitting on the floor, his head down and shoulders shaking. He's completely silent, the way he was after the fight that revealed the Winter Soldier's identity, and Sam does exactly what he wishes he could have done then.
He’s so earnest, so sincere, the way he always is, and half of Tony’s selfish, selfish heart wants to believe him, wants to think he might really be allowed to have him like that, even as the other equally selfish half wants to tell Steve to stop, to quit saying things that are only going to give him hope.
He looks across at Tony, not exactly smiling, but there's something optimistic to it, and Tony can't quite manage to look away from him.
probably isn't the done thing. Yeah, Tony thinks she's with it enough that she'll know who he's talking about and maybe be able to answer his questions, but he doesn't want her to think he's asking like he doesn't expect her to remember. Peggy has always been an absolute powerhouse, and even if she doesn't let on Tony knows it'll hurt her if she thinks he thinks any less of her.
"I believe you have Sir's best interest at heart, Doctor Banner," he says eventually "As such, I will endeavour to be of assistance to you." There's a pause, and the room gets noticeably cooler as he continues. "Should you ever give me cause to believe otherwise, please rest assured that I am both capable of and willing to make your life very difficult."
There’s no buttons inside the elevator, either, and the asset immediately feels trapped. He thinks he could pull the doors apart, if he tried, but that doesn’t make him feel any less confined, and he doesn’t want to imagine what consequences he might face for damaging the building.
"So," Bruce says, which is the first indication Tony gets that someone is in his space; for some unknown reason, JARVIS has neglected to warn him he has incoming, and Tony's all set to berate him for it when Bruce continues. "You and Steve, huh?"
Tony has Bucky, and it's not come to a fight. Neither of them is hurt, and none of Steve's worst imaginings about how the first meeting between his best friend and his b- well, whatever he and Tony were have come true. They're both okay, or least as okay as they can be, given everything they've both had to deal with.
Some have, upon further examination, been false positives – Sir's Fantastically Accurate Recognition Tool, whilst superior to all others in existence, is still not infallible – and whilst some are undeniably Sergeant Barnes, they have all been in public places and lasted only a matter of minutes. As Sir's instructions relating to Sergeant Barnes' location ["If you get a fix on the Winter Soldier or Sergeant Barnes or whatever the fuck else you want to call him, you tell me and only me."] seem to request a long term location, JARVIS has been compiling data points rather than presenting Sir with each individual occurrence.
Steve lets himself get half a pace closer, almost close enough to touch. “I mean it, Tony,” he says. “I can’t imagine how hard it must have been for you, and you did it anyway. I can’t even begin to repay you.”
, and they never cared whether the operative in question was old enough to vote or not, but the thought of his spiderling in the chair they used on him makes Barnes nauseous. Natalia was seven the first time he saw her, sixteen the last (before they sent him to kill her, at least), and that monstrosity would have dwarfed her at any age, pale skin and fiery hair cast in stark relief by all that black leather, screams echoing in the cold concrete room the chair lived in.
He waits, hoping Tony will drop the pretence and accept that Steve knows what happened last time, and that maybe Tony left a note but he didn’t actually want Steve to contact him. He waits for Tony to acknowledge that he’s being evasive, even if he knows better than to expect him to apologise for it, but Tony just continues looking at him.
Bruce dismisses his apology, then makes a gesture Tony interprets as an instruction to continue; Tony picks up again, slightly later on in the series of events than before Bruce's interruption.
Bruce moves a few boxes closer to Tony, while the rest of Clint emerges from the refrigerator, holding a couple of beers.
There’s fuck-all Tony can say to that, so he just sips at his wine, trying to stop his brain motoring on through the conversation before Steve has actually said anything, since he’s apparently already invented a non-existant break-up.
"Okay," Sam says. "I completely get why you didn't let on that you were awake, but, man, I spoke to Tony yesterday and I would have bet my life that the two of you were on the same page. He didn't text you or anything?"
Probably not tonight, though. Tonight, Sam thinks he has just enough energy to order almost everything on the room service menu, run himself a bath, eat his mountain of scary-expensive food while soaking his aching muscles in said bath, and then collapse into a deep, dreamless sleep in the largest, most comfortable bed he's ever seen before.
“-dey? Rhodey, are you even listening to me?” Tony demands, some fifteen minutes into a phone call (of which Jim paid attention to the first twenty seconds, just long enough to ascertain that this is a Tony-emergency rather than a world-ending one).
"Right," he says quickly. "I don't know about you lot, but I'm exhausted. Where are you guys staying?"
The timing is so appropriate that Tony wouldn't believe it if he wasn't living it, but he's barely twenty miles out of DC when JARVIS cuts through his music to announce that he has a phone call, sounding resigned enough that Tony doesn't need to be told who's calling.
JARVIS is silent long enough that Tony considers the possibility that there's something wrong with him. Maybe something in the file has caused a problem, a hidden code that's got into JARVIS' workings and fucked about with things, except there's no way Hydra could have anticipated Tony getting hold of the Winter Soldier data, let alone work out how to make it past his firewalls. So Natasha, maybe, but although she knows more than the basics of hacking, his security system is still more advanced than what she usually works on (he's not going to say it's infallible, because that's just asking for trouble, but it's pretty damn close to it) and, more significantly, Tony can't think of a motive.
It’s the first time since 1945 that someone has offered to shake the asset’s hand, and he’s wary about accepting it, if wary also means
and I as good as broke. Seventy years of hell, and they were still frying your brain to get you to do what they told you.”
Steve jumps, much to Sam's amusement, but he justifies his surprise on the grounds that he turned his phone off before they went out and hasn't yet turned it back on again. His phone should not be ringing.
," Steve cuts in again, this time much firmer. "It was a hell of a thing I threw at you, and you're allowed to need time to deal with it, Tony. That's not something I could ever have a problem with."
"Any time, pal," Sam says, grimacing. "Jesus, Steve, I am not watching you eat that shit. Go get some jelly or something."
Given that he’s sharing with exactly two other people and Steve was obviously not in the city then, there’s no possible reason Sam should be struggling to work out who Clint is talking about. And yet, he’s still trying to make himself believe it when Bruce says, “Bucky was the one who rescued you?”
There's yet another pause, long enough for Tony to reflect on his words but not so long that he manages to work out why Steve is hesitating again. "Right," Steve says, sounding kind of… hurt, maybe. "Sorry, he's your friend. It's not really appropriate for me to have asked."
It's the first time since he found out Bucky's alive that Steve hasn't woken up and immediately leapt out of bed, ready to resume searching the second Sam woke up.
She doesn't answer, not right away. Tony isn't sure if it's that she's thinking or if she's too busy putting the hurt on someone; she's not breathing any heavier than before and her voice is perfectly even when she does speak, but since he's talking to the Black Widow that really isn't any indication either way.
It’s not a long walk to the town centre, and Nathalie drifts from shop to shop, familiarising herself with what the little town has to offer. There’s a small number of boutique clothing stores (just about passable), a shoe store Nathalie immediately dismisses as painfully unfashionable (the kind of shoes her
JARVIS doesn’t answer, clearly hesitating, and Steve realises he’s over-stepped. “Sorry,” he says, looking down; JARVIS might be privy to just about everything that happens in the Tower, particularly when it comes to Tony, but he has a strict personal code when it comes to sharing anything, and Steve should know better than to ask anything that might seem like he’s prying into that. “I shouldn’t have asked that. I don’t expect you to tell me anything he’s said or you’ve overheard.”
Except for when he was Loki's bitch, Clint doesn't think he's managed to be conscious and silent for more than about twenty minutes, so for this guy to have been silent so long that sound startles him… Clint can't even imagine what that would be like, what it would take.
As such, he's the first to notice Clint's arrival, and the first to greet him, even if his tone turns words that ought to be a joke into something decidedly less friendly. "Well, look what the cat dragged in."
"Little bit," Clint answers lightly, frowning down at his right ankle, which started twinging after the adrenaline of his escape/rescue wore off and only twinged more the further he walked. "Don't worry about it. What're you looking at?"
"No shit?" Barton demands gleefully, at the same moment Wilson lets out a far less enthusiastic, "Oh
If he's willing to die keeping Stark out of enemy hands, he might as well promise. He won't be alive to keep it.
to keep following, because Tony's heard him regurgitate instructions that are much older in order to justify whatever course of action he's decided to take. And he knows objectively that JARVIS… approves of Steve, that's probably the best way Tony can put it, so of course JARVIS would want to help him, even if it does sting that the approval apparently continues despite the fact that Steve has fucked off to another country chasing down his ex (just a little bit, okay, it's not like they were exclusive, they definitely weren't in love or anything, and maybe Tony hasn't been with anyone else since well before Steve left but that doesn't mean their relationship was anything more than the two of them letting off steam, Steve made it perfectly clear that was all he wanted from the outset and he’s done nothing at all to indicate that he wanted that to change).
"-And the best chance Steve has of finding him and of keeping him from being killed by your country or any other is to rely on your resources, but he told you anyway."
Tony turns his hand until he can hold back. He’s not sure how long they stay like that for, Steve still smiling like Tony’s made his whole goddamn life, let alone just the day, but it feels like longer than he’s ever managed to sit still for. Much, much longer.
The bastard has just blown up Tony's world with the truth about his parents' deaths, and then he goes chasing after their murderer.
“Nah, they're fine,” Clint says, answering her unfinished question first. “Didn't even wind up fighting. Tony brought him in, called Steve home, and… I need backup, Nat.”
, Tony thinks. Never let it be said that he doesn't know when he's been beaten (Pepper would disagree, but her version of events completely disregards the fact that Tony is still alive, and therefore the long list of people trying to kill him clearly haven't won).
Steve looks at him, that disappointed expression Barnes has just been waiting to have turned on him since he got back here. Sam apparently finds the prospect of letting Steve down somewhat less abhorrent than Barnes does, because he just shrugs. “What, like I’m going to argue with her?” he asks. “She’s terrifying.”
"I think I'm offended," Bruce says, fortunately not sounding it. "Man of Tony's approximate height and weight, give me all of twenty minutes and you wouldn't even know there'd been a body there in the first place."
"Good news," Sam says, breaking into a grin as he relays the half of the conversation Steve wasn't with it enough to overhear. "Stark's on the way back to the Tower with Barnes. No one's injured, and JARVIS has a jet on the way to collect us."
It's through Twitter, of all things, that Maria first learns about the spiders. Thank god Nick is no longer running things. She'd never live it down.
The Mark 58 is still in testing, and by far the most heavily armed of Sir's active suits; JARVIS reassesses the odds of this course of action resulting in violence, and does not find them promising.
It's just- Afghanistan was bad, okay, the absolute worst fucking thing Tony has ever gone through, just thinking about it makes his lungs crap out on him and his vision go spotty and his heart, Jesus fuck his heart is a goddamn disaster, completely un-fucking-reliable, and-
But, okay, clearly Steve didn’t want to talk to him after Barcelona, but would it have killed him to say more than hello before tearing off after his precious Bucky again?
The horror of it renders Barnes silent, barely even breathing. The Red Room did awful things to their operatives,
Peggy sighs, like she thinks Tony's being an idiot and she's humouring him by explaining. "I think Bucky Barnes would have walked through fire to protect Steve Rogers, whether it was from a thug in an alley, an enemy soldier, or a relationship that was going to break his heart. Bucky would have done anything for him. Honestly, Howard, I know you have difficulty recognising other people's feelings, but even you must have seen that."
“Uh-huh,” Bucky answers, the scepticism in his tone turning the sound from agreement to anything but. “I know you, Steve.
want to harm him, but her sudden reappearance has him on edge, as does her virtually pushing him out of there this morning, and… And Steve’s spent almost every second since that day in Washington worrying about Bucky, and that worry doesn’t just go away now that he knows where he is.
“Oh, they’re still together,” Natasha chimes in, her sudden appearance making both Tony and Thor jump. “I think what you meant is
Or so he thought, anyway; Tony's not expecting it at all when he hears a voice, very small and inexplicably his, say, "They weren't abusive."
He sounds ridiculously sincere, a lot like Steve does sometimes (birds of a feather, and all that), and Tony has no more idea what to do with it than he does when it's Steve.
“They’re hardly clothes for running in,” Natalia tells him, scathing. “You and Sam are leaving in… How many minutes was it, Sam?”
"The translation is complete, Sir," JARVIS tells him; Tony waits for him to begin reading the file, but he doesn't.
"Of course I want to see you!" Steve announces. He's too emphatic, too enthusiastic, but since there's no one around other than the two of them and Tony's smile seems to be less mocking than it is surprised, Steve doesn't feel the need to tone it down any.
“Hi,” he says, deliberately and very obviously moving his hand away from his holstered weapon, aiming for a relaxed stance; he highly doubts it’ll doing anything to put Barnes at ease, but if he’s really lucky it might not make him any more on edge. “I’ll introduce myself, since Steve doesn’t seem inclined to do so. I’m Sam Wilson.”
of that. There was a meeting Pepper insisted I had to be at, so when was already light when I woke up I panicked, forgot the time difference, and tried to leave without waking you because you were tired and it seemed like it was the considerate thing to do. I promise, that’s all it was, and I really did want to talk to you.”
“Jesus, dumbass,” Bucky answers, then sighs, the sound one of sheer exasperation, which is when it occurs to Steve that this is the most Bucky-ish conversation they’ve had since he got him back. Steve hadn't ever expected to see the man he used to know again, the same way the Bucky he pulled off Zola’s table wasn't the same one who went off to war. He knew Bucky would be different, and it's never once bothered him, but if he looks past the physical changes the man in front of him is every bit the old Bucky, like all he was waiting for was an opportunity to yell at Steve for doing something he thinks is stupid.
"You know that's legal now, right?" might not be the right answer, but it's probably not a million miles from it either.
"I know," says Steve. "I also know that there are almost as many jerks today as there were before the law changed."
Sam has never been the heaviest of sleepers, but since he returned stateside he's slowly got used to not having to wake up immediately alert. He'll go back to it, now that he's hanging around with Steve and the crazies he hangs around with, there's no doubt at all about that, but for now he's fuzzy-brained, more than half asleep and not quite sure what woke him.
"Oh," Pepper breathes, looking terribly regretful for a brief moment before carefully masking it. "Did you know he was seeing someone?"
He waits until Sam is asleep and Steve has left for wherever it is he often goes at night (despite claiming it as his floor, Steve spends considerably less time here than he does elsewhere, though since he waits until the asset is in his room before leaving and is always back before sunrise, the asset assumes he is supposed to pretend he hasn’t noticed) before opening the door to his
JARVIS obliges, the lights coming on slow and not quite as bright as they’d usually be. Even so, it’s enough for Sam to assess Barnes’ appearance and manner, to see the way Barnes’ eyes skip between him and Steve, all the doors and windows, anything that could conceivably be a threat. He looks dirty, unhealthily pale beneath the dirt, unhealthily thin, twitchy and tense and… resigned, Sam thinks. Like he’s expecting pain, and isn’t going to fight it.
“Who says I’m unemployed?” Nat answers, enigmatic as ever, and, honestly, Steve knows better than to question her. She’s always had her fingers in more pies than he can count, and the collapse of SHIELD isn’t going to have lessened that number any; Steve makes a mental note to check in with her later, see if there’s anything the rest of them ought to be concerned by.
"Could have fooled me," Tony mutters, deliberately just loud enough for her to hear, then raises his voice when he continues. "You knew James Barnes, right?"
"He's not been in the Tower for a few days," Bruce explains. "I tried calling him a few times, but you know how he is."
In short, as much as Bruce wishes he was the one to help his friends come to terms with their assorted issues, the chances of him making things worse are infinitely higher than the chances of him making them even slightly better.
And, as if that’s not enough for him to be worrying about, there’s his situation with Tony to consider, and the fact that Steve has no idea what their situation actually is. Right from the beginning, the two of them have been able to put aside their differences long enough to work together when the occasion calls for it, and he’s never doubted that Tony will have his back in a fight, but since he told Tony about Bucky Steve hasn’t had much hope that they could go back to being more than antagonistic, end-of-the-world allies.
"I know," Bruce says, sounding almost as awkward at having to witness Tony's half-sobbed almost-breakdown as Tony is to have it witnessed. "I can't possibly understand how you feel, Tony. I can't, I know that."
The things he's thrown at the walls (and floor, and, on one particularly stupid occasion, the ceiling) can be repaired, welded or glued or just swept up and chucked in the trash and replaced. When Tony breaks physical things, he can just open his wallet and keep pulling out bills until the problem goes away.
Clint jams his empty wallet and the remnants of his phone in his pocket and the pieces of his bow into his quiver, then makes for the doorway. Before he's halfway there, FHD steps in front of him, a gun in each hand.
Halfway through page two, when Tony's huddled on the floor trying not to puke up everything he's eaten in the last
FHD ducks his head, hair hanging over his face, so Clint can't actually tell if he says anything, but he's fairly sure the guy hasn't broken his silent streak. He does step to one side, though, not so much gesturing to a table in the opposite corner of the room as he is deliberately unobstructing Clint's view of it.
"I need to tell you something," Steve says, once Tony's spent a good half hour rigorously checking him for lingering injuries (not that Steve's complaining about that) and then twice that long swearing at Steve for not calling him in to help (
He does care about Steve, of course he does, but the last two times he’s seen Natalia he put a bullet in her, and Barnes needs to know that she’s okay.
“I don’t think St-” Sam starts, only to stop very quickly when Natalia turns her gaze to him. “Um, two minutes? Is that long enough, Steve?”
There is every possibility that Bruce is right about that; he usually is, after all, particularly when it comes to anger management. Knowing that doesn't change the fact that Tony still wants to go after Clint, deal with the one fucked-up personal relationship he might actually stand a chance of fixing, but he's willing to give Bruce's advice a little credit.
"No," Pepper interrupts. "Tony, last week Robert Jones congratulated me on finally giving in to temptation and murdering you, and I'm not entirely sure he was joking."
At that, Tony shuffles back, propping himself up on one elbow and looking at Steve. "Okayyy…" he says, as somber as he ever gets. "You're trying to tell me that you, Mr
"Tony," she says, gentler now, like she really thinks Tony's going to stand for being pitied by her, by anyone.
“Okay,” Tony says, giving in. Hell, he survived with a heart full of shrapnel for four years. What’s a little more eventual heartbreak on top of that? “Okay.”
Wilson looks at him, mouth slightly open, then at Steve, then back to Tony again. "That's a joke," he says uncertainly. "He is joking, right?"
“I thought that was what you wanted, and if I pushed you’d refuse,” Steve says. “So I settled for what I thought was all you were prepared to offer me, but if everyone’s right then, maybe, we were both on the same page after all.”
“And,” Bucky continues, frowning again, “even if I hadn’t, you should have known I wouldn’t give a damn. Who you love doesn’t change who you are, dumbass. Doesn’t matter how many billionaires you take up with, you’ll still be the same idiot I grew up alongside.”
It's not a question, so Tony doesn't actually feel the need to answer. "You took a copy," he says. "Send it to me."
“Oh,” Tony says again, not so much smiling at Barnes as he is just smiling in general, and he’s suddenly feeling a whole lot more gracious and welcoming than he was before, enough so to make an offer he’s refused to consider making before now. “Well, anyway, I’ve got the blueprints, and JARVIS has done so scans, so if you ever decide you’re ready to have that fixed up, tell J to let me know. No need for you to come to the workshop, I’ll bring a toolkit to dinner, or whatever.”
Sam wants to hate Barnes. Bastard fucked up Sam’s car, trashed his wings (stolen, maybe, and since replaced and greatly improved by Stark, but that is
to feel. He wants to keep being pissed off at Steve, because he thinks being pissed off with Steve will make this a hell of a lot easier, but letter-Steve is every bit as earnest as real-Steve and even if Tony doesn't agree with what Steve wrote, he can't escape the fact that Steve meant it.
“I’m sure they’re fine,” Tony says, assembling a burger on his plate, because, hey, why wouldn’t he want to reassure the guy who’s about to leave him?
And yet, despite his excellent intentions, Tony finds himself elbow deep in designing from scratch an entirely new arm for their most recently acquired brainwashed assassin when JARVIS announces he has a visitor.
Meals with the team are always a bit of a free for all, but even when Sam joins them today continues to be a relatively sedate affair; yes, there’s not an abundance of pleases and thank yous, but at no point does anyone wind up with a fork embedded in their person, so Steve is willing to consider Bucky’s first meal with the team a success.
There's a noise from Steve's end of the comms, a horrible mixture of Hulk roaring and wrenching metal. Tony's going to go with
It's not like it makes a difference, anyway. Whether Tony shoots the Soldier or brings him in, it won't do anything to make him feel better.
would wear, honestly), more secondhand bookshops than a town this size could possibly need, and a grocery store that… well, it’s small, but it will suffice.
“Shit, no, that wasn’t what I meant,” the archer says, urgent enough that the asset pauses. “Stay, any friend of Steve’s is a friend of mine.”
Pepper moves clear of the jet, then waits on the roof long enough to wave them off. "Back to my office, JARVIS," she asks, once she's back in the elevator. "One crisis down, another eight to go."
feel comfortable with it. Mostly, it feels strange, unfamiliar, and Barnes just sits there, still, and tries to work out how Natalia wants him to respond.
"Tony Stark, get down from there this instant!" she orders. She's fully expecting to be ignored, which is why it takes her a moment to react when Tony's head appears out the back of the jet.
face he sometimes makes a habit of. “The thing is, when he said that, I couldn’t understand it at all. I mean, you’re the one who suggested the relationship we had, and if that wasn’t what you wanted, why would you have done that?”
There’s a bag of bagels and a box of doughnuts on the table, clearly bought in, so Sam sticks around, pouring himself a glass of orange juice before getting a clean plate and knife from the dishwasher (turns out, an AI-butler is good for making sure the dishes get in the machine cleaned, but not so great at getting them back into the cupboard afterwards, and Sam is
information, not that he can't tell them anything at all, meaning perhaps Bruce has more options than risking embarrassment and possible mockery by asking Tony or Steve.
"Really?" Sam asks. "Either you or Stark has done something stupid, and you know you're going to tell me about it."
I said yes, because who the hell is going to turn that down, even if it isn't exactly what I wanted, and… yeah. Here we are."
Because he's JARVIS, and therefore not overly inclined towards contrition (Tony's never been able to stand obsequiousness, and he sure as hell wasn't going to programme it into his creations), he doesn't get an apology, or indeed anything more than a slightly sullen silence.
Or sobriety, maybe, but swapping the letter for the half empty decanter on the bar doesn't reduce the absence any, so clearly the problem isn't that he's starting to sober up.
"Fine, whatever," Tony cuts in, slinking back into the jet again. "I'll do better, I promise, but right now Bruce and I have a thing, okay?"
But JARVIS stays quiet far longer than it should take him to process Tony's request, and then, hesitantly, says, "I'm not sure that's wise, Sir."
“I killed your parents,” Barnes reminds him, tone neutral, controlled; whatever his shrinks say about it being healthy to express his feelings, he's not going to have a goddamn incident in Tony Stark’s shit-tip of a workshop.
The asset drops to his knees and disarms himself, placing his right hand upon his head and his left hand as close to it as he can manage (stupid thing hasn't been right since the fight where he found the archer, and Hydra never wanted the asset to be able to do his own repairs).
“Your pal Thor showed up, let the cat out of the bag,” Bucky explains. “Completely missed the fact that Stark clearly wanted him to shut up.” He frowns, arms as close to crossed as the damage to the left one will allow. “So, get to explaining.”
Stark might be expecting an extreme reaction to this, in which case he's going to be deeply disappointed. If Barnes’ memories from back then are to be trusted, Bucky was exclusively interested in women, but he would have gone to the ends of the earth to keep Steve happy and healthy. Bucky cancelled more than one date to sit by Steve’s sickbed, broke off more than one relationship because they couldn't handle the fact that they wouldn't ever be more important to him than Steve was. Significant, yes, maybe even just as important, but never more.
As if on cue, Steve's stomach rumbles, reminding him that the last meal he had was at lunchtime yesterday and he needs to eat whether he feels like it or not; he pockets his cell and the note from Tony, glances around the room to check neither he nor Tony have forgotten anything, and takes the stairs on his way down to the hotel restaurant.
Barnes nods, and he and Natalia both watch as Steve joins Sam in the elevator, glancing back over his shoulder at least every other second.
The base is situated under what appears to be the offices/warehouse of a completely normal transport company a short distance from their meeting point and, according to Steve and Sam's research (greatly assisted by JARVIS), the majority of non-subterranean employees have no idea that their workplace is a smokescreen for Hydra. Although Steve is of the opinion that anyone who sees as many
, but he is choosing it, claiming it for himself. He can be Barnes, and Clint can tell whoever he wants to tell.
to extremely so, and that’s not how he wants this to go. Of course, the way he wanted it to go was to tell Bucky himself, when he was ready to do so, so clearly this was never going to be that, but Steve should still be doing a better job of explaining it.
Again, Steve hesitates before answering, and for the second time today Tony feels remorseful; dick that he is, Tony had focused on his own righteous anger rather than considering how Steve might feel about being ignored for so long. Now, listening to Steve hesitate probably more than he's ever hesitated in his life, Tony has no choice but to consider it.
Tony knew the two of them were only temporary, and he has no desire at all to make a scene, not when Steve’s been decent enough to wait until they’re alone to do this. That alone is a good start, Tony has to give him that much credit; God knows, the first time he broke up with someone, he wasn’t anywhere near that tactful. Of course, he was also fifteen, but that’s neither here nor there.
"Promise me," she says urgently, into the silence Tony's indecision has left. "I've translated anything that might help find the Soldier, but there are things in there Steve doesn't need to know. There are things in there I do not believe he can survive learning, and the only way I give you it is if you swear that won't happen."
is supposed to be your mission statement.” Barnes caps off his summary with a weary sigh. “I didn't want to play this card, but you don't seem to be giving me a choice.”
“Okay,” Tony repeats, bobbing up on his toes so he can press a kiss to Steve’s cheek. “Now, I really do have things to be doing, before Pep decides she needs to fly back from Miami to beat me into shape, and you should get back upstairs before your boy comes looking for you. Or, worse, Natasha does.”
Peter reached out for Tony, crying even louder as Tony hugged him. Steve watched them from the doorway, not really sure what to do.
Tony watched her, feeling somewhat thankful that Shuri cared about him, although it was becoming frustrating that everyone did have their own opinions about his relationship with Steve when he was still trying to figure out what he wanted from Steve.
Tony peered downward over the balcony, watching numerous couples whirl around in the space designated for dancing. Tony turned to smile at Steve who nodded; Tony couldn’t help himself from expressing how enamored he was with how great Steve looked in a white and black tux.
Everyone nodded as they commented more on the team’s work. After a while, the group broke up and Steve was left alone with the board member.
Steve took a moment before answering. Although he was still frustrated with their current relationship, it was always nice hearing Tony’s voice.
“As much as I would love to play spy with you, Rogers, I can’t ask you do to that.” Tony had appreciated the offer, well more than appreciated it, actually. But there was no way the board and Fury would be happy if they found out that he had dragged a fellow Synergy team member across the country to help him sabotage Obadiah.
Thor leaned forward to place his hands on the edge of the table. “I haven’t spoken with him since he left Stark Industries…I heard that they had taken him to a police station, but someone else paid for his bail before I could get there…he also hasn’t been answering his phone….but I am sure I will find him at Jotunheim…”
What was so nerve racking about texting Steve? Sure, Tony had come to terms with the fact that he thought his new lab partner was super sexy, but he had never been this awkward around anyone before. The only people who made him feel small and marginal were his dad and Obie, and he guessed now Pepper. But those were for personal reasons, not that he didn’t possess even a modicum of
He breathed deeply which helped. The adrenaline coursing through his body was now redirecting itself into remembering all the possible sequences and functions to input into the device.
Gamora tapped the desk a few times to interrupt her father’s boisterous laughter. “We’ll have to choose the right venue. We can’t let what happened at that precinct happen again.” She reminded her family.
Tony screamed in his head, attempting to project cool contentment as Steve held on to him with a strong yet tender grasp.
Peter flipped through his notebook with purpose as it became clear that he was trying to find something difficult for Tony to answer.
Steve paused before responding. “Tony…I don’t think you’re incapable of figuring out what’s going on, but I understand why you feel frustrated.”
As the plane came to a complete stop, the group looked out the cabin windows at the resort. The resort was also located on a man-made portion of Long Island. Buildings reflecting the architectural character of Wakanda were surrounded by a sprawling and luscious landscape.
Mr. Beck nodded before expressing thoughtfulness. “I’ve noticed in Peter’s mannerisms that he’s under an unusual high level of stress. I know some of this has something to do with your celebrity, Mr. Stark,” Mr. Beck motioned toward Tony before he continued, “but most of this could be from pressure at home,” Mr. Beck looked directly at Tony, “you would understand that, Mr. Stark.”
Tony snorted. “My closest? When did this happen?” He joked, but knew his friend was still annoyed about his press answer regarding the safety of Synergy.
After another minute of awkward silence, Steve sensed that Tony had left the space. Steve sighed heavily, placing his hands on the table to brace against. Now he was definitely sure he couldn’t stay working on Synergy with Tony.
He sighed to himself as he walked to his desk, slumping into the chair, scolding himself for even thinking about dating again. Tony groaned, placing his head into his hands as he rested his elbows on top of the desk. After a period of trying not to sob alone in his office, he leaned backward in his chair, sniffling.
Steve could hear Tony’s usually cheerful demeanor in his voice, so he silently congratulated himself for making a smart move.
After some time, Tony slowly closed the diary, glancing upward at a wall clock to see that he had been reading for a few hours. He looked back down at the diary before slowly getting out of the chair to sink to the floor. Tony couldn’t believe that his father never told him how he felt. He clutched the diary to his chest, feeling his face becoming flush as tears started to stream down his cheeks. He wiped his eyes, but then he began to cry hysterically from the pain.
Steve’s widening eyes watched his usually reserved and stoic assistant bounce with joy, but Steve was too shocked to say anything intelligent.
“Uh, nice to meet you…Thor.” Steve responded, not quite sure how to seriously address someone who had chosen to be referred to as the Norse god.
“Why don’t we talk in the kitchen?” Tony looked around for somewhere to hang Steve’s jacket on, but ultimately ended up stringing it along one of the statues.
“Because…” Tony began but struggled finding the right excuse. Peter continued to watch him, waiting for an answer. Tony turned to look at the drawer with the letter before looking back at Peter. He quickly looked away, eyes scanning the room as if searching for a logical answer, but he came up short.
Steve could see Tony watching him from out of the corner of his eye. He thought maybe that was too personal to begin with, but he could see that Tony was smiling.
“Tony, you are the most kind-hearted person I know.” Rhodey genuinely offered, causing Tony to groan again.
He spread the diary open on top of his desk; his hands shook as he held the diary flat. As he read the entry, he felt his eyes swell. He continued on to other entries until they stopped abruptly in 1991. He read every single word, becoming dizzy with every sentence.
Tony sighed after he accessed the elevator to the penthouse. "Obie's a fucking douche, that's what's going on."
Tony continued to smile, now on the verge of smiling ridiculously from how close he and Steve were. They laid like this before eventually falling asleep.
Since childhood, Steve and Bucky had always been close. They graduated high school together, attended nearby universities for undergad and entered the army together. Steve stayed in the hospital with Bucky when he lost his arm after a combat mission. Bucky had taken bereavement leave to visit Steve after the latter’s mother died from cancer following his first year of law school.
Tony leaned on the car window, with his head in his hand. He could feel Steve rubbing his shoulder which was making it more difficult to think straight.
Tony and Bruce were riding the employee express elevator to the Research and Development floor in Stark Tower after one of their weekly breakfast dates.
Fury nodded quickly as he dismissed the agent before tapping on his earpiece. “Hill,” he called, “get Selvig on these lab traces and have Romanov assist with tracking other possible traces…”
Steve looked around the harbor before glancing at his wristwatch. He knew it was still a little early before takeoff, but he was excited to see Tony.
Tony frowned at the message before quickly deleting it. He then drew in a deep breath before exhaling as he tapped on the phone icon in Steve’s contact profile to call him. It rang once before Steve answered.
“Which is good because there’s a possibility that we’ll need to manufacture more of this thing once we figure out what its limits are.” Steve added.
Steve grimaced. “Yes, but that was before…” He couldn’t bring himself to discuss the breakup; it was too painful to rehash after spending months trying to recover from it and Tony appeared more than fine with it.
After stomping out conference room, both Tony and Steve managed to avoid each other the rest of the day: Steve went back to the lab, and Tony had retreated to his office. However, after ruminating on their argument and sulking alone in his apartment, Steve finally decided that it was probably best to talk to Tony in person. It was obvious that the failsafe fiasco had only heightened their issues.
“I was calling from the foyer, but it looks like everyone’s busy in here.” He teased before kissing Steve.
Thanos was sitting at his desk while his daughters were on opposite ends of the office. Obadiah sat in a chair near the desk, trying not to get caught in the vitriol between the two.
“…fuck, Steve…” Tony gasped, breaking away slightly from Steve’s lips as he dropped his hand on Steve’s face to his neck, now rubbing as he squeezed. Steve’s breathing grew harsher as his thrusts against Tony’s cock turned sharper and quicker. Tony smacked Steve’s ass, managing to stick a hand down Steve’s pants as he sped up his motions.
Bruce nodded slowly as he shuffled around awkwardly. “I’ll mention something—just that I told you. I won’t make a big deal out of it.”
“Tony,” Steve joined Tony at the conference table, “we can’t let Loki get away with this. He could have gotten people killed.”
Shuri pushed herself away from the table to retrieve her work bag. “Also,” she produced a chip from the bag to show to Tony and Bruce, “I looked through those schematics your father had drawn up and created a backup plan with the failsafe codes embedded.”
Tony laughed as he rummaged through the drawer to find the thing he was looking for. He produced a small tube, but his hand was covering the label. Tony returned to straddling Steve, grinning as he popped open the cap.
Tony nodded as he tried to consider the suggestion, even though he was still incredibly frustrated with Steve. Bruce quickly changed the topic of conversation to Peter, much to Tony’s relief. They chatted a bit longer before Bruce said goodnight before heading home.
As soon as he reached the office, he breathed deeply once more; he wasn’t sure how he would find Tony and face him after waking up in his bed. As Steve took his time pushing the door open, he immediately spotted Tony passed out on the small couch in the middle of the office. He was snoring loudly on his back with his limbs sprawled out.
Tony nodded but his attention was divided between the ridiculous presentation he was about to give and worrying about Steve. He waited with Rhodey by the stage as Pepper talked for a minute before motioning for Tony to join her. Everyone began clapping and cheering as Tony walked onto the stage, waving awkwardly, too self-conscious knowing that Steve was in the crowd but he couldn’t see him because the lights had been dimmed for the projections to be visible.
Steve stared at him as Tony tried to visually convey that he was fine. After a second or two, Steve finally let go of him so they could walk to their lab.
Quite some time ago, in an effort to promote new research, the Stark Industries board had implemented a series of programs opened to the public that involved bringing student group tours through the labs, especially university students studying technology-related degrees. Usually Tony would participate, but he thought lately, considering there were employees attempting to sabotage Synergy, the program wasn’t a good idea; continuing the public programming was only distracting as well as a potential security threat. Also, the team was still trying to track down Loki.
Tony groaned again, turning away from the balcony. He was so angry with Steve’s recent behavior and Synergy, he couldn’t think straight. He knew whatever relationship he had with Steve would never work. He knew that either himself or Steve would end up doing something that broke the other’s heart and Tony didn’t know if he could ever trust him again.
Tony turned around upon hearing J.A.R.V.I.S. welcome Steve. He leaned backward on the console, crossing his arms.
“That’s easier said than done!” Tony shouted after Strange, but knew it was useless as the other was halfway down the hallway already.
The obvious positive outcome of the implosion resulted in the destruction of the mysterious explosive, which perished under the weight of the Synergy device. However, one of the negative outcomes resulted in the Stark Industries board—in a last-minute, rushed memo sent to the team after they cleaned up the mess—deciding to postpone the Synergy program until Tony and Bruce figured out how to rebuild the device with new safety measures.
Tony rolled his eyes as he laid the tablet he was holding on his lap. “So, you have super hearing now too?”
At this juncture, Tony was alone with Bruce on the couch after Steve had gotten up to talk to Rhodey at the built-in bar. Tony scooted closer toward Bruce who looked miserable; it was obvious he was brooding over Natasha. But before beginning any useful conversation, Tony flinched with excitement as soon as Van Morrison’s “Caravan” began playing in the background, but he regained some semblance of seriousness through his drunken state to talk to his friend about his relationship problems.
At the sound of Tony’s weary sounding voice, Steve almost launched himself out of the chair he was sitting in next to Tony’s bed.
But having Steve around was what Tony wanted. He couldn’t stand being apart. “Okay…” Tony finally gave in, “you’re right, Rogers…”
“I think what I miss the most about being with someone is the feeling of being absolutely vulnerable.” Steve offered as he placed his hands on the table. Tony could feel the tone in the conversation seriously shifting.
“…uh, is it okay if…we don’t talk about this the rest of the night?” Tony whispered through his agony, attempting to sound breezy, but of course he sounded more hurt than anything else.
Steve then turned to face away from the plane: T’Challa’s plane was located on a man-made harbor in the city that contained enough space to allow the plane to take off and land on a constrained runway. T’Challa had the harbor and the airstrip built after he bought some real estate in the city and in Long Island to expand Wakanda’s business ventures, which included the private resort where everyone was traveling to for Sam and Shuri’s wedding.
Tony rubbed his hands together with a fake grin. “Sounds mad scientist-y. Let’s go with Banner’s secret material decomposer that he probably should have disclosed with me first.”
Obadiah grimaced, although he was still confused by Thanos’s tone. “Fine…” All he wanted was to sell Synergy, but he couldn’t do it without Thanos and his team of scientists.
“Sorry…” Steve breathed out. He held still before sliding his hand away from Tony’s back to lean up against the side of the elevator.
Steve shook his head as he continued to process Tony’s reasoning. “It’s okay. I’m trying not to push him. I know he needs space.”
Tony closed the gap between himself and Steve. “Yeah, coffee sounds great. I’ve been up late the last few nights trying to finish a few things before coming out.”
Thor was standing at the front of a smaller conference room facing Tony, Steve, Clint, Bruce, and Shuri. Tony had informed the rest of the team that Loki was responsible for planting the explosive the day of the explosion at the police precinct, and Thor had been ranting about the update ever since.
Steve was on his way up to Bucky and Sam’s suite, but of course he didn’t feel like having brunch. The argument with Tony earlier that morning was weighing heavy on his mind.
He was just sending a message to his lab mate, not courting a potential date, or laying down the law. Would Steve even receive his message? Tony wished he had gotten a look at his lab mate’s phone.
Tony coughed again. He looked away from Steve. “Well, I’m not putting everything on blast.” He tried to explain before returning to face him.
“…I’m not entirely sure, but I think last night was supposed to be a date…remember when I told you he sounded nervous when he asked about dinner? And the restaurant was super nice…”
Tony nodded slowly. “Sure, Rogers,” but then he groaned loudly as he slapped a hand to his forehead.
Obadiah crossed his arms as Tony watched him take his precious time. Tony hated it whenever Obadiah did this just to make some ridiculous point.
Thanos stopped his work as he slowly turned around in his chair. Obadiah mentally sighed over the dramatics of such a scene; never had he ever worked with someone who had such an inflated self-importance about themselves. Well, that was besides what he perceived from his strained relationship with Tony.
Tony thanked the staffer, waiting until he was alone with Bruce and Shuri to continue with their plan. “Shuri, can you let everyone else know we’re in this conference room?”
The comment made Steve smile as he instantly remembered the time Tony had fallen asleep at his place after dinner one evening before they started dating.
Tony pointed toward the general direction of his office, but Steve laughed. “I know where your office is, Tony.”
“Okay, help yourself. Our dining room is too big for three people, but Peter and I are putting on airs for you, Rogers.” He turned around to address Steve with a smile.
Steve nodded wordlessly as he grabbed his bag, letting Tony walk ahead of him. They walked down the driveway until they were a few feet away from the house. As they approached, Steve couldn’t stop staring at the design of the house; it looked like something on the cover of an architecture magazine.
Steve blushed instantly, taking the ring off quickly to place back into the jewelry box; he wasn’t sure how to respond, although the comment made him feel warm inside.
Thor exited the vehicle and Steve followed him. A previous plan had included Tony, but he couldn’t find anyone to watch Peter at the last minute, so Steve and Thor planned to nab Loki before bringing him back to Stark Tower to be interrogated by the team afterword.
“…also, I don’t really talk about the last conversation I had with my mother…it’s really easy to talk to you.”
Tony sighed. “Rogers, it’s fine. We just need to switch some of the wiring.” He nudged Peter in the side to get him to agree with him.
Natasha crossed her arms. “I ran over the security footage from that night. You and Loki were the only people on that floor.”
“Also, try not to touch anything, Rogers. I know how grabby you can get.” Tony teased as he watched Steve unpack his bag before walking over to the Synergy device.
Tony slammed an open hand on the railing which unsettled Bruce. “That’s the problem with Steve. He always thinks he’s helping.”
Tony nodded with a smile, leaning back in his chair. He looked forward before turning slightly toward Steve again.
Tony groaned loudly as he parsed through his whole dating life, squiggling underneath Steve as he placed a hand on his forehead, feeling fatigued from obsessing over past relationships when he should just be enjoying his time with Steve.
“…I don’t know what I’m going to do about Obie. This shit feels like its way over my head…” Tony groaned as he put his head into his hands. Steve hesitated before placing a hand on his back. He gently rubbed as he continued to wait for Tony to finish.
Tony sighed again, taking another moment to calm down. “Peter, you’re not supposed to be standing on the stools, remember? You could hurt yourself. Please don’t do that again, okay?”
Clint chuckled. “Must not be that great because I’ve never heard of it.” He then yelped dramatically as Natasha reached over to pinch him on the shoulder.
“J.A.R.V.I.S.,” Tony whispered through another kiss, "could you give me a rundown of my schedule today, please?” He asked as he pushed upward into Steve’s body before shifting his body weight to turn Steve over onto his back. Tony climbed on top of Steve before kissing him again.
Tony glanced at Steve with a grin before patting him on the shoulder, taking advantage of the opportunity to rub it a little, but not too much.
Obadiah lingered before acknowledging Thanos. “We have one more closeout meeting with board before Anthony is officially taken off Synergy.”
Tony hustled as quickly as possible toward his office without making a scene but was soon stopped by a hand tenderly squeezing his shoulder.
Steve took his time answering. “I know that I don’t have experience when it comes to relationships…but why would I be weird about you seeing Pepper when you see me almost every night?” His expression softened, just enough to ease Tony.
“Peter,” Tony patted Peter on the head after he let go of May, “why don’t you get your things together?” Peter nodded quickly as he dashed to his bedroom.
Steve shook his head; he knew he wanted to stay with Tony. He slowly approached Tony before wrapping his arms around the latter’s waist, pulling him close. He could feel Tony’s heart beating fast against his own.
“Shit.” Tony wasted little time as he propelled himself away from Steve and out of the bed, trying to put his pajama pants back on before jogging out of the bedroom.
“Peter,” Tony turned over on his other side, “are you aware of the time?” He had just fallen asleep only an hour ago.
Tony nodded before answering. “The team is fine. We rigged together an algorithm to test the device before taking it out in the field.”
on time.” Fury motioned for Tony to join him at the front. Tony plopped his sunglasses into the breast pocket of his blazer before sauntering to the front of the room. Natasha sighed heavily; Bruce nodded; Thor smiled; and Clint rolled his eyes. Steve was the only one who hadn’t reacted visibly to Tony’s grand entrance; however, he did glare a little at Tony as the latter finally joined Fury.
Tony mused as he smiled upward at Steve, but then he began to feel that weird pain in his chest again. Tony coughed as he disengaged himself from Steve, walking back over to his desk, trying to remain as calm as possible.
Upon entering the mansion, both were stunned by how overly decorated the place had been, yet Tony had to pull Steve along who had been the most transfixed by the shear opulence of the space.
Steve laughed as he unwrapped the tiny box, opening it to find what appeared to be his dog tags but they looked brand new.
Steve nodded. “Okay…that means a lot…” his expression changed, “uh, I’m sorry…but what did you want to talk to me about?”
“He seems way cooler than I had expected him to be; I kind of feel bad calling him an asshole. I’ll be sure to properly update Bucky.” Sam smirked.
Steve sighed heavily before looking somewhat downward at Tony. He looked away before looking back at him again, seemingly struggling with the proposal.
“J.A.R.V.I.S., sync the team’s earpieces, please. I think it would be best to have each lab pair linked to the same channel.” Tony studied some data before turning his body somewhat to address Steve.
Steve shrugged as he sat up straight in his chair. “I appreciate the apology, Tony. But like I said, we worked well after…we were just getting used to each other…”
They walked through the foyer before finding the living space and the kitchen. They then found the dining room which was connected to the kitchen, leading out onto a balcony.
Steve let out a groan as he finally pushed himself up to sit up in the bed, but he made faces from how sore his body felt. Tony sighed as he picked up Steve’s recovery instructions from the bed.
The restaurant Pepper chose to have dinner seemed like a decent enough spot. It was an old Italian restaurant that wasn’t too far away from Stark Tower and not too crowded. Tony appreciated the gesture on Pepper’s part. Even though he was really only popular in the tech world, Tony would still get recognized on the street from time to time, mostly by tech bros emulating his style. Or trying to anyway.
Steve nodded again before swiping a few times on his tablet, too annoyed with Tony to engage in small talk.
Tony turned sharply away from Tiberius’s retreat, steadying himself once more before looking around for Rhodey.
“…I have a story…it’s about Stark Industries’ Synergy device…I have reason to believe that the device isn’t stable…the company’s problems don’t stop with that precinct explosion from a while back…the company is trying to keep how dangerous the tech is from the public…there was explosion in one of labs not too long ago and the company is trying to cover it up…yes…it severely injured one of their team members…”
Strange opened the door out into the hallway. He looked back and forth amongst the team before speaking. He was smiling, albeit his expression was weary.
Peter nodded as he feverously tapped on the tablet a few times. The robot spun around the lab before stopping suddenly in the middle of the space. Some sparks shot out from its top before it made a noise to indicate it was powering down.
Tony inhaled then exhaled. He appreciated that Steve was becoming more sensitive to his parental responsibilities—despite not having met Peter—but what was really on his mind
Bruce ran over to him, trying to get him out of the lab. Tony struggled, trying to get back to Steve, but Bruce practically manhandled him, dragging him away from the lab as Tony continued to scream for Steve.
“The device has been upgraded.” Tony chimed in. He walked around toward the other side of the table near Bruce and Natasha. “The Synergy device was just a pipe dream for Howard. We’re going to make it a reality. We now have full access to a crucial material resource to make it happen.”
Peter, Tony, and Steve were awkwardly parked in front of a restaurant where they planned to have dinner to celebrate Steve and Tony’s anniversary. Peter was in the driver’s seat of one of Tony’s least nice cars, practicing for his upcoming driver’s test with Tony in the passenger seat and Steve sitting in the backseat, leaning forward.
Steve nodded before moving his body to lie on top of Tony. Tony wrapped his arms around Steve, rubbing them along his backside as they kissed each other. Steve pushed downward into Tony’s body which drew a sharp moan from Tony. He could feel his body reacting which helped him refocus on some much-needed sexual relief instead of dodging Steve’s concerns.
“This is great, Tony. What are the next steps?” Pepper had to tear herself away from gawking at the image like the rest of the board. She smiled sweetly at Tony which he appreciated; it gave him something to focus on instead of worrying about Obadiah trying to intimidate him.
Obadiah’s eyes widened as he looked back and forth between Nebula and Thanos again. “What? But, uh, what if…it explodes on the way there? You can’t possibly think that’s a good idea…”
Steve’s eyes widened from the charge before his expression became harsh. He moved closer to Tony, his face mere inches away from the latter.
Loki gulped as he watched Steve place a hand on Tony’s shoulder to pull him back to his side. “They’re getting rid of dead weight…that’s why I can’t say anything…they have spies everywhere…”
“You know, Tony. I was thinking—and just hear me out before you protest.” She held her hands up in defense almost immediately before holding the elevator’s door open.
Tony sighed as he kissed Steve before plopping down onto the bed to lie next to him. “Yes, Rogers. I would tell you if I weren’t.” Although Tony wasn’t entirely sure if he would but said it anyway so that they could have a stress-free night and not discuss all of Tony’s relationship trauma.
“No,” Tony angrily responded, “Selvig’s been cooperating with S.H.I.E.L.D. since the damn tapes. And
Tony had a few prototype phones in the works that he would occasionally alternate with the newest Stark phone as his personal phone to test for possible upgrades. His current model was the Stark X, a great phone with an awesome camera, yet equipped with a shitty battery life.
Steve kept rubbing him as he rubbed himself up against Tony, moaning louder as he buried his head into Tony’s chest. As Tony’s body overacted to feeling Steve, he pushed Steve onto his back, climbing on top of him. Tony reached downward to unbutton Steve’s shirt, fumbling somewhat as he tried to take it off. Steve laughed as he helped Tony with the buttons. He then sat up with Tony straddling his waist to remove Tony’s shirt. Tony went back to kissing Steve as soon as he was free, humping Steve’s cock, feeling himself and Steve getting hard from the movement between them.
As Shuri finished explaining, Tony and Bruce looked back and forth between the other and the device, nodding and verbally responding in agreement with Shuri’s findings.
Steve held on to Tony’s hand, closing the gap between them. Tony placed a hand on his shoulder as Steve positioned himself to take the lead, impressing Tony as he effortlessly began maneuvering them around to the rhythm of the music.
Tony rubbed an imaginary bump on his head as he squinted upward at Steve. “I’m fine.” He muttered, now more embarrassed that he had fallen off the bed than waking up basically lying on top of Steve.
“You’ll never believe this, but they paired us up and I’m in a lab with Tony.” Steve said as casually as possible as Sam looked up from the drawing. He seemed genuinely curious.
Tony let out a ragged sigh before shutting his eyes close, pleading he wouldn’t have another nightmare.
Steve glanced upward at him before smiling back down at his tablet. “You have another house? Well, actually I shouldn’t be surprised by that.”
Tony sighed loudly, hanging his head, taking his time before turning around to acknowledge Steve. Steve was standing at the entrance to the balcony, leaning to the side of the opening with his hands in his front pockets.
Natasha nodded as she watched Clint sallow his medicine. Her expression turned determined as she thought about Clint’s observation.
Steve delicately placed some dishes in the sink. He hesitated a bit before continuing as he turned around to face Sam.
Tony sat down at the island and watched Steve and Peter finish making dinner. After dinner was plated, the three of them decided to eat at the kitchen island, and Peter told Steve and Tony about his day.
Everyone nodded or responded verbally to a degree before heading toward their intended destinations.
He thought he had made the right decision, but now that decision seemed like another mistake. He wanted to be with Steve, but then he remembered how he had treated Pepper and everyone else. He didn’t want that to happen to Steve.
“Stark. Rogers. I need you to get to Mount Liberty ASAP. There’s been an incident involving a visiting diplomat…” Before Tony could finish his sentence, Fury’s voice filtered in through their earpieces.
to make this into a bigger deal than it already is, Rhodes.” He wagged a finger at Rhodey before settling, taking his time to look directly at him.
Tony sighed. “Yeah, I know. I should have listened to your dad. Can’t really do anything about it now.”
Steve traced his hand along Tony’s shoulder, down his arm until it met his waist. He used both hands to squeeze Tony before tugging at the tank top he was wearing.
“Tony…I’m really sorry that I didn’t tell you that I’m seeing someone…we just started seeing each other this past month…”
After accessing the damage from afar, Tony knew it would take a while to clear out the debris from the lab due to the extent of the damage and any sensitive material that may be exposed. However, it wasn’t until earlier that day the team went to visit Steve had it been discovered that some faulty wiring in the Synergy device had caused the explosion.
The woman looked back and forth between Steve and Thor before moving to the side to let them through the hallway. Thor walked ahead as Steve remarked to himself how conceited the atmosphere of the place already appeared. However, Thor remained unbothered; Steve could tell that he was hellbent on finding his brother.
As soon as Steve entered the café, he spotted Sharon sitting at a table in the front corner of the shop. She saw him immediately as he entered, waving with a smile. Steve smiled back awkwardly before joining her. As soon as he reached the table, Sharon got up from her chair to give him a hug before sitting back down.
He had never been the type to even kiss on the first date, so asking Tony over and basically inviting him into his bed was just about all Steve could tolerate, and it didn’t even pay off.
“You know, not even my best scientists can get into this lab.” He added as he crossed his arms, grinning.
Tony nodded slowly, looking around Steve’s office again before resting his eyes back on Steve. He sighed before continuing.
“I’m going to divide the team up. Two-person mini teams to a lab.” Fury pointed to Clint then to Natasha. “Barton, you’re with Romanov.” Clint smirked at Natasha who returned the expression.
Steve held onto him before Tony slid off to lie next to him. “Sorry, Tony.” Steve repeated, shielding his eyes with one hand as he tried to catch his breath.
Tony looked up at Pepper. “Obie sent him one, of course.” He looked away, “how the fuck I am going to make things work with Steve if I can’t even keep it together in front of Ty? I couldn’t even make things work with you, Pep, and you’re the most understanding person I know.”
“Ah, Mr. Stark,” the restrained prisoner greeted as Tony and Steve walked inside the room, “and, Mr. Rogers.” His tone was unnerving.
“Uh, should we go to our space?” Steve asked, looking behind himself as the group left the main space.
Fury looked at Tony who only stared back at Steve. “Care to elaborate, Mr. Rogers?” Fury calmly asked.
Tony, suddenly realizing that he definitely messed up again, jumped up from his seat pointing toward the café counter.
Tony opened the door to his dimly lit bedroom, walking up to the edge of the bed before falling over with a loud groan. He turned over onto his back to look up at the ceiling, thinking about Steve and the dinner. Strangely, his brain then translated that into the conversation he had with Pepper a while back about the fallout of their relationship which made him groan even louder.
Steve blushed as he took his time walking up the console Tony was standing next to. “Can’t you have someone else model the uniforms? I feel like a huge dork.”
Suddenly, a flood of tears released themselves as Tony laid down reaching out for the pillow Steve would have been sleeping on if they were still together. He hugged it against his body, too upset to really calm down, and too upset to really sleep. So, Tony just laid in the bed, crying for Steve the rest of the night.
“Hey! Hey!” Loki shouted after them as he tried to free himself from the restraints, “can I leave now?”
“Uh, who died?” Tony asked. Although he was still perplexed by the situation, he tried to ease the tension with his usual charm.
Steve laughed quietly; the debut presentation turned out to be less terrible than he had expected, and he could finally feel a sense of relief mixed with self-gratification after having put himself in unfamiliar territory.
“Well, goddamn, Rogers. This is incredible. I haven’t even thought of that.” Tony had his arms crossed when Steve turned to face him again. He was smiling uncontrollably. Steve nearly blushed, realizing he had impressed a tech genius.
“Rogers, it’s fine. I don’t mind taking you. Actually, I prefer doing it so I can make sure you do your home exercises correctly.”
Steve kissed Tony back as he let his hands travel up and down Tony’s backside. The movement of his hands caused Tony to moan quietly through the kiss, pushing his body more against his.
“It took me a bit to get over my last relationship, too. My ex, her name is Peggy. We had to break up because of distance. We couldn’t make time for each other and it became obvious that it just wasn’t working.” Steve continued as he fiddled. He was looking away from Tony.
“Look who finally decided to come home.” Sam made a few catcalling noises and whistled as he entered the kitchen, spotting Steve hunched over at the kitchen table. Steve only slightly acknowledged his friend before sulking some more over a cup of coffee.
“Hey, Tony. How’s dinner?” Rhodey sounded weary on the other end of the receiver, which meant that it was Peter’s bedtime and it was usually a chore trying to get the nine-year old ready for bed.
“Uh, yeah, I suppose that’s correct.” Sam joked as he mimicked Tony’s cagy behavior by also glancing around awkwardly.
Tony woke up suddenly, complete with an unconstrained yawn. He glanced around the bedroom before noticing that Steve was nestled on top of his chest, still sleeping soundly. Thinking about last night, Tony smiled as he gently pushed his body into Steve whose leg was hugging his legs. Steve squirmed a little before making a few noises, signaling that he was in the process of waking up.
And indeed, the question had paralyzed Tony. As he slowly turned away from the counter, Tony told himself to remain cool, but hearing that Steve and Bucky were moving in together began to bother him.
“Speaking of which, have you spoken to Tony at all today? We were supposed to grab lunch, but I couldn’t reach him. I figured he got caught up with something in another lab or is stuck answering calls in his office.”
Thor jumped up from the floor, barely disoriented by the punch. Steve was now scuffling around on the floor with another one of Loki’s friends who was trying to choke him. Thor grabbed Steve’s assailant, throwing him to the other side of the room.
Tony looked at Steve who looked unbothered by the suggestion. Everyone else murmured in agreement with the plan before naturally wandering to their former pairs and groups. Steve lingered as he watched everyone head to their designated spaces in the warehouse.
Steve straddled Tony, not really making an effort to move any time soon. Both looked at each other for a minute or two before Steve realized that he was basically sitting on top of Tony with his hands on his shoulders and Tony holding him firmly at the hips.
“Wait!” Obadiah shrieked, “your father is still having trouble trying to figure out that notation, right?”
Pepper hugged him tightly before sitting back down at the table. Tony slowly pulled his chair out before joining her. They sat in silence for moment until a waiter came up to their table to take their drink orders.
“I didn’t sneak out. And no…he seemed fine. He asked me to stay for breakfast…and volunteered to drive me home, but I needed to get out of there…”
Steve glanced at the backstage manager who only shooed him onto the stage. Steve slowly took his time walking out; he waved nervously, squinting from how bright the auditorium looked.
too much with Rhodey one night while relaxing with a beer or two, which explains why Rhodey already knew Steve’s hair color.
Bruce struggled against Thor, eventually breaking out of the hold with ease, which would have been more difficult for anyone else who had been subjected to one of Thor’s hugs.
Steve nodded, swearing quietly to himself as he gasped loudly, coming into Tony. Tony couldn’t help himself as he felt Steve come inside of him, rubbing his cock harder as he came all over his body and Steve’s.
“…but you look very handsome…” The words seemed unreal as they left Tony’s lips which were what Steve was mostly focused on.
Tony slapped his forehead with a groan, nodding as he retrieved his phone from his pants pocket. He had missed several messages since last night, having been so caught up with his emotions and Steve that he forgot to check his phone until that early afternoon.
Sam placed a hand on Steve’s back. “Look, Steve. You need to be honest with yourself and Tony about what you want, otherwise the two of you will just be going around in circles.”
“Tony. This makes me look worse than you.” Steve attempted to explain further, but he felt sick to his stomach. Suddenly, and irrationally, part of him began to think that
Obadiah rolled his eyes as he jogged to keep up with Thanos. “Thanos, your weapon can be sold to people who will pay more than you realize even for this. That’s what we agreed on. If you go any further—"
Tony watched Steve approach him, too paralyzed to really go elsewhere. Steve continued toward him until he finally reached the table. He smiled slightly before holding out a hand.
Bucky waited for Tony to continue. Tony took a deep breath, feeling the dull sensation in his chest.
Tony nodded at Steve to which Steve nodded back; they hadn’t seen each other since that morning. Tony gulped as he quickly turned away from Steve; he knew he would have to talk to Steve soon, but he was dealing with too many emotions to articulate himself without getting upset again.
Tony scoffed. “Eh, thanks, Hogan, but I’ve done better.” He then signaled to Steve to prepare himself to be bombarded by eager press agents too impatient to wait for their sit down in the other room.
We have the pleasure to inform you that you have been accepted into Project Synergy. This is a unique opportunity to bring a diverse pool of professionals together to change the course of human interaction, technology, and global community. You will be joined with others who have made notable strides in their careers. You will be challenged and supported by your future teammates. The world needs your collaboration in order to bring about peace and sustainability.
“Sorry to break it to ya, Rogers, but there’s no honor in Capitalism. Welcome to the real fucking world where things cost shit.”
Tony’s expression remained the same, but this time Steve could tell that he was trying to control his emotions from appearing overly exposed. Tony then patted Steve on the back before returning to finish answering questions.
Steve smiled timidly as he waved Tony off, letting himself be pulled closer. “Thanks for the credit, but that was definitely teamwork.”
Fury crossed his arms, spewing an invisible cloud of frustration. “How could the device get jammed?”
Steve was standing in the opposite corner of the room next to Natasha and Clint, dead silent, yet enraged by Tony’s behavior.
“…if you had told me about a year ago that I would not only be working at Stark Industries, but would also get close to a famous person, I wouldn’t have believed you…” his voice trailed off, still very much shy about being this close to Tony.
It was also interesting to hear Tony talk about the project and see how he interacted with other people. He seemed a bit like Steve had imagined based on their first encounter, but there was something human about Tony when Fury mentioned the original team and Howard Stark. He wondered to himself who this person meant to Tony because whomever he was, Tony acted like a completely different person, albeit briefly.
Tony was lounging his chair, half covering his face from how furious he had become since the meeting started. Part of him wanted to call Obadiah out in front of everyone, but he would risk losing control over any possible contract bids.
“You know, I think I might just ask T’Challa if Peter and I could just live here…” Tony started, “this place is amazing.” He turned to look at Steve with a smile.
Everyone else looked at each other before Steve turned to face Tony directly. “Tony, what do we do? This is serious.”
Steve observed that referring to Tony as “in charge” seemed to have irked Obadiah, but the older man barely flinched beyond an apparent facial tick that gave him away.
“…uh well,” Tony began, reminding himself of his plan to get Steve back, “I suppose that only makes sense…”
Fury looked at Agent Hill before looking at the projection, his expression changing quickly as he read the data.
Steve’s heart began to race as he anticipated Tony being vulnerable with him. Tony let go of Steve, sighing again before he continued.
However, during a good part of the week before the board presentation, Tony had noticed that Steve was basically ignoring him. He had been going back and forth with himself, thinking that he probably shouldn’t ask Steve out for dinner. This mental entanglement was the reason why Tony thought he had trouble with the calculations during the simulation. Thankfully, Steve had been quick enough to keep the device from shaking uncontrollably while also covering his ass.
Tony hadn’t meant to look over at Steve; his emotions were swirling, and he was having trouble trying to control them. But something about the moment felt right as he watched Steve excuse himself from the huddle before walking over to his table.
“You know the way out, correct?” Thanos asked with his back still turned toward Obadiah, working quietly to himself.
“I’ll make sure you get home in one piece, Rogers.” Tony offered, verging on the edge of flirty. Steve wasn’t sure how to interpret it, but he figured he owed his team another hour or so.
all over each other at the party…” Steve watched his friend try to smile, but it looked more uncomfortable than anything else.
Steve chuckled before returning to unlock the door. “If you want, maybe I can give you a ride some time.”
Tony frowned at Steve before straightening the instructions out. “And for your home exercises,” he continued, as Steve groaned again, “you’re supposed to work on what they show in therapy for at least ten minutes a day.”
Steve couldn’t help expressing how shocked he was by Tony’s sincerity. Besides being busy with work and his class at Columbia, there was no way Steve would go back to working on Synergy after the way things ended with Tony.
The comment incensed Tony who then immediately scrunched up his face in irritation. “Bucky, I’m just here to talk.”
He wasn’t sure if he should bring up the altercation with Tiberius; Tony didn’t want to talk about it or even think about it. However, seeing Tiberius reaffirmed why he was so bad at relationships and that this one with Steve was probably just doomed to fail like it had with Pepper.
Tony readjusted his sitting position in his chair, expressing that he was irritated with having such a petty conversation with Obadiah of all people so early in the afternoon.
Bruce was eating dinner with Tony and Peter in the outsized kitchen in Tony’s penthouse housed in Stark Tower. Peter and Tony usually ate whatever the hired chef prepared for them, but Bruce had offered to make something for them, which Tony was grateful for. It was good for Peter to socialize with the people Tony respected the most. There was no way Peter would grow up isolated like he had.
“…besides, I’m no better than Obie or an unhinged, disgruntled ex-Stark Industries employee, right?” Tony had turned away from Steve to walk to his desk. He sat down, looking through some papers stacked on top.
Peter kept giggling as he looked up Steve with a huge smile, and Steve laughed loudly at Tony’s expense.
Tony waited a moment before clapping his hands together. “Okay, well…it was worth the shot.” His voice trembled as he answered.
Steve smiled as he watched Tony and Peter then debate each other over what they should have for dinner even though Tony had already planned out their meal. The three of them regrouped to settle down for dinner; Peter talk about his day as Steve and Tony found little moments during each break to discuss the press event.
Steve grinned as he let Tony walk ahead of him to descend the stairs into a dimly lit corridor. As the tablet screen glowed with a plan of the basement, Steve and Tony followed along until they found a gigantic vault door. Tony motioned for Steve to position himself and the device in front of the door as he tapped on his tablet to solve the equations. Tony then read the sequences for Steve who entered them into the device.
Tony’s breath hitched as placed both hands on Steve’s hips, guiding his motion back and forth along his body. Steve sat up a bit to rock his hips against Tony, moaning loudly as he placed one hand on Tony’s chest, moving it along to pinch Tony’s nipples as he rocked forward.
Steve smiled a little just to put on a measured façade in front of his employees. “Tony.” He greeted, holding out his hand for Tony to shake.
Steve kissed Tony on the lips before moving his head to kiss him on his neck. He rubbed his hands along Tony’s chest, taking his time feeling him everywhere before pulling back to look down at him.
“…but…I just wanted to say…that…and…I’m sorry it’s taking me so long to say this…I think…” Tony sighed as he hung his head. Even with Steve unconscious, Tony couldn’t say that he loved him out loud.
“…I would like to slide my cock in and out of that beautiful ass of yours, but I would also like to feel you inside of me…” Tony whispered, now lying on top of Steve, grinding his body up against his, feeling his chest as he nestled his nose in the crook of Steve’s neck.
Tony grinned before sauntering to the opening of the helicopter. “Sounds easy enough. Okay, Romanov, take me down!”
“Of course, Sam. And I’m not. I mean…” Steve shifted on his feet a bit before looking away from Sam.
Steve threw his hands in the air with a huff. “Well, what was I supposed to call you when I first met you? I’m sorry I have manners.”
a troublemaker.” He quipped, hearing her sigh loudly as he quickly headed toward his lab with a huge grin on his face.
“…we had always been close, but there was a brief time in my life, when Bucky and I were in college, that I thought our relationship was something more since we’re so close…” Steve shrugged.
Tony took a moment, trying to suppress his irritation, before motioning for Steve to hand him the bag containing the Synergy device.
Tony shook his head a few times as he pulled on a shirt. “I have to drive back into the city.” He grabbed a few things from the nightstand before putting his shoes on.
As he listened to Fury explain Clint’s condition, Tony clenched his fists on top of the table. He felt a hand caress his shoulder, turning to see that Steve was attempting to calm him down while still facing the group.
Steve knew it would be awkward working with Tony again, but he tried to make the best of it. He thought maybe they could repair their relationship somehow, maybe becoming friends again at least.
Tony keep rocking upward as Steve could feel himself getting hard from sucking on Tony. He pressed his body further downward in the bed, rubbing himself as he kept squeezing and licking. Tony kept one hand in his hair as the other met Steve’s hand on his body, caressing it as he pushed his hips forward.
As Tony approached his lab, he spotted a smaller figure with its back facing the glass façade fiddling around with one of the main consoles. Tony swore to himself again, jogging toward the entrance of the lab as he recognized that the figure looked like a wayward student.
“I’m going to have to get you up here more often, Rogers.” Tony began as he joined to admire the skyline with Steve. He had two drinks with him, one of which was a glass of water he handed to Steve.
Tony glanced at Natasha before looking back downward at Loki. “Come again? What the hell is a ‘Thanos’?”
Steve glared at Tony. “Not to mention you put yourself in harm’s way when we tried dismantling that Thanos weapon. And I’m not entirely thrilled that you and Peter seem to be working on those crazed robots again.”
Steve shook his head as he joined Tony on the bed again. “Of course not, Tony. You just really care about Peter.”
“…but nothing really happened…we were close at dinner, but after we came here…nothing happened…” Steve sighed heavily as he felt a hand rub his shoulder. He opened his eyes to see Sam expressing genuine concern for his feelings.
“Okay, Parker,” Tony called, “have it come over to your dad.” He pointed at Steve who looked back and forth between his kid and his husband, horrified by the robot’s capabilities.
“…and as you all know…” Tony walked over to a console, “we’ll need to keep everything Synergy here at this warehouse, Stark Enterprises. Nothing leaves this space. Understood?”
Tony turned a few degrees to address Steve. “Rogers, although the device is on lock, we can still test it. We’ll keep running those sequences.” Steve nodded emphatically.
“Also…” Tony started up again, feeling some sense of further relief, “I’m sorry Peter isn’t here today…I’m never going to hear the end of it when he gets back home tonight.”
“Tony! Your sense of humor always kills me.” The board member continued as he forcibly slapped both Rhodey and Tony on the shoulders before walking away.
Clint nodded back at Tony before hustling out of the space. Tony turned to face Shuri and Banner. “Banner and Shuri, just keep doing what you’re already doing.”
Tony nodded as he turned around, sliding a hand around Steve’s body as he pushed up against him to kiss him on the lips. Steve hugged Tony as he kissed him back, feeling along his back before moving his hands downward.
They both stared at each other until the elevator stopped and the door opened. Tony shoved his hands into his pockets as he huddled into a corner, and Steve rubbed a hand through his hair. Tony swore underneath his breath as soon as he realized he had taken the employee express elevator and
Steve tried to process Obadiah’s warning as he furrowed his brow. He looked around for Tony who was across the way talking to Sam.
Steve studied the numbers for a second before attempting an educated guess. He knew ever since he was brought on the team that he would have to work on the tech side of the project beyond sifting through the legal documents. However, he had never expected being consulted like this, especially by Tony.
One awkward moment, however, stuck out in Steve’s mind. The board had decided it was necessary for the team to document their entire project from start to finish, so Steve was unfortunately caught in a few candid photo ops. The awkward moment happened when Bruce snapped a quick photo of Steve and Tony, standing right next to each other with Tony lightly touching Steve on the shoulder.
Tony breathed deeply before titling his head downward to kiss Steve. He used both hands to hold onto to Steve’s face while he bobbed his body upward and downward along Steve waist, but their bodies only faintly made contact. Steve repositioned himself as he used both hands to hold onto Tony as he moved.
Tony gasped a few times, rubbing his chest. He felt like his heart was about to explode again. Steve turned onto his side to rub Tony's chest.
“When you were in the hospital after that lab explosion…I kind of got into it with Tony…” Bucky sighed again, looking away from Steve, “but we talked and…it was
Thor embraced Bruce in a tight hug. “This was indeed quite a glorious endeavor!” He shouted with glee, still holding Bruce.
“Well, I’m glad it was fine.” Tony could tell that Pepper had noticed he was trying to play cool but was grateful she didn’t tease him about it.
Tony rubbed the hand holding Steve along the length of his backside, stopping short before grabbing Steve’s ass. He then moved his other hand to ran through Steve’s hair as the latter continued letting out half-asleep noises.
Tony waited before rising from the bed. Once he reached the bathroom, he realized that he had taken the letter with him. He looked down at his hand before walking the letter back to the table, laying out it flat, reading over it again.
One of the staffers rushed Tony up a temporary stage area as another walked up to the microphone to get everyone’s attention.
“Riri. Riri Williams.” The student answered quickly before straightening up as Tony continued smiling at her.
Tony grinned as he inched closer to Steve. He held a hand out but then kept it to himself. “It’s not tight enough in my humble opinion.”
Steve groaned again as Tony could feel that he was close too. He rubbed himself as Steve leaned forward with both hands on his body, holding him tightly.
“Let me know when you’re on your way back home, Steve.” By this time Steve had turned to leave, but he could hear Sam’s voice behind him.
Bruce, who was also sitting at the conference table next to Pepper, turned in his chair to address the group.
Tony gently broke away from Steve to walk toward the island in the middle of the kitchen. He crossed his arms before turning around to face Steve again.
“You know…” Tony began as he wiped himself off, “you can stay over if you want…” He took his time before finishing his thought.
“…this is probably the reason why it’s taken me so long to be in a serious relationship…or even make one work…” Tony admitted, looking away from Steve as he forced down the sob in his throat again before turning to look directly at him again.
Steve sighed. “Just trying something new.” Was all he could manage, wanting to get out of the store as quickly as possible.
Steve placed a hand on Sharon’s shoulder, making Tony cringe. “Do you mind? I haven’t seen Peter in a while.”
Bruce laughed nervously as a waitress came up to their table to write down their drink orders. After the waitress left, Bruce and Natasha chatted for a bit. Ignoring Tony’s advice, Bruce tried to bring up work as a distraction from his nerves, but Natasha effortlessly maneuvered the conversation toward something more personal.
Tony smiled shyly but then he grinned to mask his exposure. “You sure you’re speaking to the right Tony?”
Steve waited before leaning inward to kiss Tony. “Tony, just know that I’m here for you, okay? We have to be a team, like always.” He kissed Tony again.
Bruce shook his head as Peter continued to giggle. “Tony, we’ve been trying to have a conversation with you this entire time, but you’re too busy playing with your phone.”
“If it’ll make you feel any better, I’m asking you as your team leader, and not as—well you know.” Tony continued to smile which finally settled Steve.
“Why can’t we meet in the lab?” Clint was practically sitting on one of Natasha’s legs as the two sat on top a small desk in the corner.
Steve waited near the door before joining Tony on the edge of the bed. He took a moment before addressing him again.
“Besides that, everyone go about your days as you usually would until we find Loki. Everything else is off hours. Understood?”
Tony motioned with his hands again. “I made up a fake name for myself and Steve…and I used this thing I invented to change our genetic makeup…,” Pepper groaned loudly with a curt “Tony!”, yet Tony pressed on, “but, I think they knew we were going to meet them. The transaction seemed too abrupt.”
Everyone else in the space greeted Clint, but Tony stayed where he was. Steve looked over at him and smiled a little which didn’t help. Tony waved awkwardly, trying to tell himself to remain as cool as possible before he joined the group.
Steve took a deep breath before turning to the first page. The date was marked “May 29, 1989.” Steve instantly recognized that the entry had been written on Tony’s birthday, a couple years before Howard and Maria died.
But as soon as he opened the door to the bedroom, he found Tony sitting upright in the bed, surrounded by unfurled and furled rolls of schematics.
As he spoke, Tony was surrounded by the entire team, but he kept his eyes trained on Bruce and Natasha to avoid glancing in Steve’s direction who was now standing in between Clint and Shuri.
Whoberis and Lupho looked at one another before exiting the room together, leaving Steve and Tony alone, both wondering to themselves how strange this whole thing turned out to be.
“Ah, Rogers. I’ve been meaning to introduce you to that buddy of mine you remind me of.” Tony motioned for Steve to join him with his friend. The friend smiled at him as he greeted him with the tip of his beer bottle.
Steve finally emerged from his bedroom, a little later than normal for him, even on the weekends. He hadn’t been sleeping well the last few nights; the fight he was having with Tony had worsened and he continued to scold himself for being the cause of it and not clearly explaining why he did what he did.
Bruce held a finger to his lips, nodding toward Tony to get Peter to play along with him. The nine-year old quickly caught on.
Tony laughed as he kissed Steve, almost dropping the ring box. He quickly grabbed it before sliding his family’s ring onto Steve’s ring finger. Steve smiled at him as Tony settled them both to lie back down on the bed. Tony, caught up in a wave of emotions, starting grinding against Steve’s body, feeling him all over as he felt Steve do the same.
Tony was sure his anxiety was palpable; he almost declined visiting Clint, continually reproaching himself for his teammate’s attack.
Bruce sat back in his chair. He pretended to ponder by crossing one arm against his chest and resting the other on top to stroke his chin. “Well, I already said he’s blonde, but he’s tall and
Both Thor and Shuri nodded knowingly, but Clint sat up in the chair he was lounging in, looking extremely confused.
Steve blushed which prompted a chuckle from Tony. “It helps having the right partner…uh…where did you learn to dance?”
Tony cringed as Sharon spoke. He could feel himself bubbling with anger over Steve keeping their relationship a secret, now leading Tony to believe that Steve probably thought that what they had didn’t mean anything to him.
Steve began lifting his index finger to shush Tony, but he knew it was useless. Sam knew Tony was there and was probably grinning the hardest he’s ever grinned thinking that his friend had finally slept with someone he was beginning to crush on.
Steve stopped pushing for a second as he looked downward at Tony’s hand. “…yes…” he let out, smiling somewhat, yet his voice quivered.
Sam and Bucky, like they had when Steve’s relationship with Peggy failed, had been trying to cheer up their heart broken friend with their usual bro-antics, but this time was different. Steve thought constantly about Tony ever since the day the latter came over to his apartment to break up with him. Steve thought there was more to their relationship and that they were beyond some of their issues, but apparently it was all one sided.
But then, Tony turned himself over, laughing uncontrollably. He was holding his hands to his side, rolling back and forth. His facial features were slowly changing as he continued bellowing with laughter.
Tony sighed as he looked down at his shoes. His original plan to get Steve back before he found out about Sharon sounded so ridiculous now that Steve had mentioned on more than one occasion that he just wanted to be friends. He felt stupid for even thinking it was a possibility.
As the group continued to chat about Clint and the promotional tour, Tony silently seethed. This ridiculous project that he didn’t even want to work on in the first place was turning out to be the fucking nightmare he knew it would become. Whether Obadiah was involved or in cahoots with some black-market weapons dealers was beside the point; based on this incident, there could be a myriad of enemies and competitors who were trying to sabotage Synergy.
believed that you were having a good time this time around.” Bucky teased as he settled next to Steve as Sam settled on his other side.
Shuri turned slightly to acknowledge Bruce. “Correct. And the pattern I found matches those levels…but beyond that, I’m not really sure what I’m looking at, Tony.”
Steve waited a bit longer before taking the elevator back down to the lobby to switch elevators to get back to his suite with Tony.
Yeah Steve was cute whenever Tony “accidentally” or on purpose touched him. Even more cute whenever anyone complimented him. Tony had long picked up on that one personality quirk of Steve’s and ran with it. Their first field assignment gave him the opportunity to tease Steve about it, basically on the brink of explicit flirtation. When he had commented on Steve’s penchant for blushing, Steve hadn’t seem turned off by it at all. Actually—but Tony wasn’t entirely sure—Steve seemed kind of into it.
“From the beginning…” Steve began again, “Tony’s been cautious about the team’s safety. He wanted to end the program after Clint’s attack…” He motioned toward Clint who attempted to physically shrink away in his chair from the heated debate between Steve and Obadiah.
Indeed, Steve and Tony did look awkward in the photograph: Tony had placed his hand on Steve’s shoulder while they were speaking to each other, but if you looked at the photograph now (and probably back then) you could tell that there was something else between the two one wouldn’t be able to explain until now.
Tony hugged Steve back. “…Steve…” He began again, placing both hands on Steve’s arms to look at him directly, “…I…uh…really care about you, too…” He winced from everything he was feeling toward Steve but couldn’t bring himself to say more without bursting into a stream of tears.
Tony nodded as he readjusted his position. He understood where Bucky was coming from; before seeing Steve, Tony thought he was going to die alone while his friends met their soulmates.
“So, what else is there to know about Project Synergy? That letter they sent you was super vague.” Sam wasn’t as nosy as Bucky, but Steve could tell that he was also fascinated by this mysterious project.
Tony nodded to himself as he turned to look at a projection of the Synergy device’s vibranium core above a console.
“Wow, it never ceases to amaze me how fast this thing works.” Bruce’s voice filtered in through both Steve and Tony’s earpieces. The voice was soon followed by the appearance of Thor and Bruce as they entered the room. They were carrying the replicated pieces and a broken machine.
Bucky chuckled, but his tone sounded sympathetic. “Okay, then what’s with all of the updates I’ve been getting from Sam?” He turned slightly to face Steve.
Bruce nodded, attempting to discretely write down with a pencil on a piece of paper notes for his date.
Tony moaned quietly as he felt Steve squeeze his waist gently. They kissed each other in this position for some time, taking their time as if they hadn’t seen each other in ages.
Leaning up against the opposite wall with his arms crossed, Fury scoffed before pushing himself away from the wall to stare down at Loki.
believe I just met Tony Stark…” Steve’s assistant could care less that her boss looked absolutely terrified. To her, she just met a celebrity, not her boss’s ex-boyfriend who had ghosted him for entire year.
Steve’s face remained soft as he scooted closer toward Tony to give him a kiss. Tony kissed him back, but then pulled away to turn onto his back again. He definitely felt the pain in his chest now, but something about Steve’s calming energy managed to fend off a full-on attack.
Steve, as he continued to kiss Tony, ran a hand down the length of his body, stopping short before he reached Tony’s cock. Steve buried his face into Tony’s neck as he began to feel around, taking his time before rubbing and squeezing Tony as he held on to him with his other hand.
Tony nodded again as he pointed back toward the bedroom. “Okay, I’ll just close down what I’m doing and get ready.”
“So, explain this to me again, Strange…” Tony began as he and Steve drove with Strange in a car from the hospital to the clinic site, “just this past week, some of your patients got sick all of a sudden and you’re not sure what the issue is?”
Tony’s playful tone finally got Steve to ease up. He reached over to rub Tony’s arm who then used the opportunity to lean inward to wrap a hand around Steve’s waist.
Tony shrugged with a grin. “Well, it’s Captain Rogers. We’re seeing each other.” He kept smirking at the group to mask how embarrassed he was beginning to feel talking about Steve out loud like this, especially in front of Obadiah.
“Okay, I wasn’t paying attention.” Tony groaned before inhaling then exhaling sharply, “I’m sorry. I’m really distracted right now because I’m planning to ask Steve over for dinner with Peter and I.”
Steve rolled his eyes as he slid underneath the sheets to lie next to Tony. “Because last time I saw you, you reeked like you hadn’t seen a bar of soap in a week.”
“We only did the best that we could do, Tony…” Steve quietly offered, still standing quite a ways away from Tony at the entrance of the lab.
Tony shrugged. “I thought you wanted me out of the lab, besides this isn’t work, it’s the boys’ project.”
“Steve…” Tony whispered as he let Steve hug him close to his body before scooting the two of them up the bed to lie completely flat, with Tony now on top of Steve.
Steve’s face contorted a few times as he tried to process the moment. “…you can’t be serious, Tony…” He thought he had mumbled his response to himself, but it was obvious that Tony had heard him; Tony’s otherwise cheerful disposition quickly faded.
“…I’m going to say something to Rhodes in person when he gets back into town…” Tony was leaning up against the railing with Bruce, “…but I’m considering calling it quits with Steve.”
They stayed like this for some time, but instead of going any further beyond light kisses, both feel asleep gradually, with Steve still on top of Tony whose arms were wrapped around Steve’s body.
Tony craned his neck to look directly at Steve who looked solemn. He didn’t realize how much he missed Steve until it was too late. But maybe trying to be friends again would work out for them in the future. Tony thought about his plan again as Steve waited for a response. He thought about what Sam said and he thought about the way they were before they broke up.
Steve sighed as he sat back in his chair again. “Sam, I already made a big deal about bringing Tony along.”
Tony shook his head as he tried again. “The chip with the failsafe codes. I gave it to you a while back. Do you have it? Please tell me you still have it.”
“Right now, we only have one workable device. If we can successfully prove to the government that Synergy works and that it won’t deplete the source of virbanium anytime soon, they’ll send Stark Industries a contract to build the rest.”
Tony wondered as he threw some more ingredients onto the plate before jogging it over to the island. He then backed away from the island, pacing back and forth in front of it.
Steve cringed when Sam snapped another photo of him. “Oh, come on, Sam. Don’t put that on the world wide web, please.”
Loki placed the tablet on the table in front of him. He thought it might be easier to tinker with the device’s hardware rather than plant another one of Thanos’s makeshift explosives. That way the Synergy team wouldn’t see it coming until it was too late. But somehow, he would need to get close to the device.
“…and don’t get upset, but I mentioned to Steve this morning that you may be a little stressed at the moment…”
Once the elevator arrived, Tony walked aimlessly back to the kitchen, slumping back down on the same stool. He turned the envelope over once more before tossing it across the top of the island.
Tony dragged his feet to the sofa, leaning downward to pick up a record from a pile next to the player before straightening up to study it. Steve hesitated before approaching further.
“…fuck, baby…” Tony gasped. His movements sped up as the natural lubrication of the water between them intensified the sensation.
The two hit a snag, however, after Pepper broke things off with Tony last year, but Tony managed to regroup with the help of Rhodey and Bruce Banner, another friend of his who was as big a science nerd as he was. Tony couldn’t fathom where he would be after Pepper if he didn’t have Bruce and Rhodey to help him along with Peter’s Aunt May.
“Can you get her to stop doing that please?” Loki pleaded with Tony as he tried to rub the back of his head but his hands were tied against his body.
Tony took a moment before faking a smile. “I’m having dinner with Rogers, so you need to ask Romanov out.” Tony smirked, yet nearly doubling over from the weird feeling about Steve.
Tony shook his head as he walked briskly down the hallway. “It’s not that, and you know that, Rogers. I’m not against therapy. But somethings not right…” he made sure he was further down the hall away from Mr. Beck’s classroom.
“How many planets are in the solar system…,” Tony repeated as he looked over at Steve. He winked before looking back at Peter, “…nine.”
Loki’s comment made everyone pause as they watched him then turn around to stare at the projection. After a minute of painful silence, Loki turned to face the group again, but his expression looked panicked.
Tony chuckled as he looked at Steve who just shrugged. He looked back at Peter, crossing his arms, pretending to be seriously mulling over the idea.
Hey, Steve. Great first day, right? I’m looking forward to working with you. Meet me in the lab at 8am tomorrow. Hope you have a good night.
“You’re going to do great, Steve. And, like I said, they only want the best on this project.” Sam sipped his champagne as Steve continued to gaze down at the letter:
Tony’s eyes grew wide from not only the sudden change in Steve’s tone but also his unexpected mentioning of Pepper.
Obadiah sighed to himself once more before answering the call. Loki had been the one doctoring the security footage and had guaranteed that no one would be able to spot the incidents involving Dr. Selvig tampering with the device for the board presentation and Clint’s attack but that proved not to be the case.
They smiled at one another until their waiter appeared again to take their food orders. After ordering, both sat in complete silence until Tony spoke up.
Obadiah closed his folder before slowly looking back at Pepper before turning to smile for the cameras as he vacated the podium. Pepper stepped out of the way for him as he took his time exiting. She then adjusted the microphone, clearing her throat to focus everyone’s attention.
As soon as he entered the last set, the vibranium core glowed as the device generated the parts needed for the machine. Everyone in the room huddled around to see the device create the specs.
Tony looked behind himself to see that Steve was closely behind him. He forced himself to focus on the situation in front of them.
Tony tapped on his desk with one finger as he decided what to do. “Send this to Banner and Shuri. It may help to have some more eyes on this to make sense of it.”
Tony stared at the message before pressing send. He quickly turned his phone over on top his bedside table to avoid waiting for a reply. He resumed looking up at the ceiling, drumming his fingers on his chest as he tried to fall sleep, but the anticipation was killing him. He looked over at the phone before quickly turning it back over to see if Steve had responded.
“Our world is becoming more unmanageable and destructive by the minute. No longer can we rely on traditional methods to protect and sustain ourselves and our fellow people. This calls for alternative methods.”
Steve marched down the corridor until he reached Tony’s lab. He could see Tony standing near one of the consoles with his hands on his hips and his head hanging low. Steve waited before barging in. He could either cause further friction with his lab mate or let it go. He knew something had been bothering him, but it also wasn’t right for Tony to lose his cool.
Gamora felt her father brush past her as he rushed out of the safety room. She them turned her body to prevent her sister from following him.
“Check to make sure that earpiece is working properly. Would hate to be out in the field and they start malfunction—”
Steve couldn’t help but be entranced by Thor’s storytelling, although he made a face at the phrase “my lucky hammer”. He watched the blond giant wave his arms around as he told Steve about his last camping trip.
Rhodey nodded but he smiled at Tony. “Yeah, I’m fine…uh, so…would you be weird if I asked Pepper out on a date?”
As soon as the door closed behind them, Tony leaned up against the door. Bucky walked to the opposite side of the hallway, placing a hand behind his head, seemingly trying to come up with the best thing to say.
“The first day of work is always the most memorable. I believe we are on the verge of something great!” Thor exclaimed loudly, tightly holding on to Tony.
“I know it’s none of my business, but you got a real hot date there.” Tony looked up to see the bartender, who was polishing a glass, grinning at him. Tony huffed before leaning on his shoulder.
“So, I know this is super last minute, but…” Tony fumbled a bit before continuing, “…I have to go to a house my folks used to own out in the Hamptons this weekend…I probably should have told you about it, now that I think about it…”
Tony exhaled with anguish, slapping his hands to his face, dragging them down slowly in the most dramatic fashion.
Tony patted Peter on the back a few more times which caused the teenager to wince from the extended attention that made him feel like a little kid again.
Fury paused as he resumed watching his agents meticulously search the testing area before packing up. He retrieved his phone from his pocket to look at the list of sequences sent to the team along with coordinates of Thanos’s lab that had been sent the day before.
Steve laughed nervously as the waitress shot him a flirtatious glance. Both Bucky and Sam erupted with fits of laughter at their friend’s expense after the waitress left their table.
Tony walked over to the object, crouching down. He placed his tablet down before reaching for the object, realizing, as he pulled it free, that it was his dad’s diary from the Hamptons.
As Fury explained, Tony walked to the other side of the conference room to get away from Steve who stood still, and the palpable tension between the two made everyone exceedingly uncomfortable.
“Okay gang,” Steve stopped the car right in front of the school’s gymnasium behind the truck Tony drove to transport the robot to the school’s fair, “let’s roll out.”
P.S. I feel like I have two types of friends: the one who is overly supportive (Sam) and the one who is just a little suspicious because they don't want you to get hurt (Bucky).
a humble man would say that about himself, Cap.” Bucky smirked as he clinked Steve’s glass. Steve could tell that Bucky was just teasing him which eased his apprehension.
“I’m sorry, Steve…” Tony finally wrenched the door open, closing it quickly as he entered the hallway. He could feel himself becoming emotional again so he raced back to his car before he could change his mind. As he drove away from Steve’s apartment, his body overreacted to the moment, causing him to cry uncontrollably from the feeling.
Clint, standing in between Natasha and Thor, peeped a small, surprised noise before staring directly at Tony. Everyone else in the room shuffled around awkwardly trying to avoid eye contact with Tony.
“Hi, Steve!” Peter shouted as he waved back before turning to Tony, “is Steve staying over tonight?”
“…but if you want to leave, we can.” Tony offered quietly. He wanted to get to the bottom of this deal with Obadiah, but he was also weary of making Steve feel uncomfortable while doing so. However, he also knew Steve wouldn’t leave without him.
“Yep.” Steve responded before practically spinning around on his heels to exit the room. He didn’t wait for Tony as he quickly marched to the elevator doors, pressing the button to the lobby a few times in a complete state of panic.
Steve glanced at Bruce once more, who only shrugged once more before turning around to walk over to the console with the exploded Synergy device. Steve watched him walk away before sprinting out of the lab to catch up with Tony. He managed to catch up with his new partner before he disappeared down another corridor.
Tony thought to himself as he thought about that evening. And not only was he mulling over his past relationship failures, Tony was too traumatized now to tell Steve how he felt after the whole thing with his dad’s diary. His friends were right, he needed to take his time. Tony knew he needed to take things slow with Steve, so saying out loud how he truly felt needed to wait. Maybe just confirming the status of their relationship would be the best thing to do now.
“That’s correct. Although a substantial portion of Roosevelt Island was lost during the explosion that rocked the city, Stark Industries is working on putting the island back together.”
Steve laughed again, which prompted a soft expression from Tony. “I’ll see you tomorrow?” Steve asked.
Steve leaned forward to study Tony’s face closer. “Yeah it’s a little creepy, I’ll give you that…” He reached out a hand to touch Tony’s face, completely disregarding any semblance of personal space, but Tony didn’t seem to mind.
“Uh, J.A.R.V.I.S., where’s Tony’s home office?” Steve asked, his voice trembling; he couldn’t wait to get out of Tony’s penthouse.
“Tony, do you think that’s a good idea?” He asked quietly, yet sternly, concerned for the state of his friend.
Steve nodded, turning the ring around in the palm of his hand. He admired it once more before absent-mindedly slipping the ring on one finger. He glanced over at Tony who had been watching him the entire time.
Tony wagged a finger at Steve. “Don’t forget the 'old' bit. You squeezed that part in nicely.” He then jumped off and away from the bed.
Steve nodded slowly and Tony feared that they were about to have the break up conversation now. However, Steve only looked at him; Tony could tell from Steve’s expression that he missed Peter.
Steve wordlessly acknowledged Tony with a curt nod, almost complete with a quizzical expression, but not quite. Tony had come up with the husband bit earlier in the hotel room while they were getting ready for the party, and of course Steve had been weird about it at first. Tony had mostly suggested the idea to get a rise out of him, but eventually Steve handled himself better with their pretend roles than Tony had expected.
Tony clenched his fists, shuffling before crossing his arms. Should he mention what happened after Thor’s party now? He could easily ruin their trip by excusing Steve of playing games with him, but they needed to be clear headed to focus on the shit with Obadiah.
Steve nodded slowly, surprised. “I, uh, really appreciate…that…” he hung his head before continuing, “Tony means a lot to me…I’m just trying to repair something between us…just being around him means so much to me…”
Steve shook his head. “I don’t remember what happened between leaving Thor’s party and waking up this morning…”
“Okay, so I’m going to take a shower. Feel free to take your time and do whatever you do in the morning to get ready.” Tony offered with a grin.
“Hey! Let’s get Cap into some normal clothes and eat!” Sam, standing several feet away with Bucky, was holding his hands to his mouth to project his voice.
Steve nodded again as he settled on the opposite of the island. “…so, I think…” he started, looking down at his plate before looking up at Tony, “…I think I'm going to go back home…I think I might have overstayed my welcome…"
Both men lingered a bit, now expressing the goofiest grins at the other, before Steve walked over to the island. Tony rubbed his shoulder as he passed before walking to the counter to finish the dinner that Steve had mostly prepared.
Tony sighed as he closed his eyes, trying to tell himself to stay focused on Steve and not any of his worries. Steve waited for him, slowly caressing his side. Tony sighed again as he turned his head to look at Steve.
“Uh, sorry…” Bruce muttered, readjusting his glasses as he held out a hand, indicating that Natasha could pass in front of him.
Thor actively nodded his head, rubbing his hands together. “Indeed. Also, if only S.H.I.E.L.D. would let me speak with my brother.”
Tony reached out a hand to caress Steve’s face. “Nope. I got it.” He answered with his own weary smile.
Bruce was shielding the entrance to Tony and Steve’s lab, arms casually crossed as if he were a bouncer at a night club. Obadiah was standing in front of him, barely fuming, but he had his hands on his hips to indicate that he was not pleased.
Tony scoffed as he pushed himself away from the counter to walk up to the tub. Steve opened one eye to find Tony standing over him with his arms crossed.
Tony turned to face the entrance of the lab. “Uh, I’m going to grab a few things from my office, okay? I’ll be back before you leave.”
The comment made Steve laugh heartily, which then made Tony smile uncontrollably from making Steve laugh.
Steve moved away from Tony’s arm as he glared at him. “Really, you’re not even going to stop me to talk?”
Steve’s face flushed a little but then he reached over to grab the lube from the table drawer, managing to do so without toppling over. As soon as Steve retrieved the tube of lube, he looked at Tony then the tube. Tony laughed as he took the tube from Steve, squirting some lube onto his hand before doing the same to Steve. He grinned upward at Steve before reaching down to rub the lube on Steve’s cock. Steve moaned and nearly fell over on top of Tony from the sensation.
Steve nodded as he pulled his fingers out which prompted a gasp from Tony. Tony moved to lie completely flat as Steve leaned forward. He pulled Tony’s body toward his, lifting him a little to get a better position.
Bruce waited before rising out of his chair. He smiled downward at Tony. “I know you don’t want to hear this, but you’re stronger than you think, Tony. And I think having Steve with you will only help.”
Steve turned a bit at the mentioning of Loki’s name. He was halfheartedly listening to Tony and Bruce, but now mostly focused on the external conversation.
They began to eat, talking about nothing really until Tony remembered that he had made plans with Pepper for the following weekend. A strange feeling overtook him; he wasn’t sure if he should say anything to Steve.
Tony closed his eyes tight with another sigh before turning his head somewhat to face Steve who looked quite concerned.
Tony rolled his eyes dramatically. “Nothing,” he placed a hand on Steve’s arm before turning around to face the team who had been talking among themselves during the exchange.
To Steve, Tony sounded hurt, but then he told himself he must have imagined it. He wasn’t sure what else he could or should say to his lab partner; he felt super uncomfortable for getting so worked up and figured it was probably best to just let it go. And Tony was right, he was a capable team member and people like to stir up drama all the time.
Steve shook his head before turning to exit the lab. He turned slightly to look back at his family. “Also, please don’t be late for dinner, again. Especially since we’re having company.”
“I don’t think I’m right for Steve…when we were dating, we had our rough moments…but now I can’t seem to figure out what I want from him…I used to take my time with him, but now I can’t even seem to act normal around him…I don’t know what to do…”
“We won’t let that happen, Tony.” Bruce looked Tony squarely in the eye. “We already have a failsafe in place.”
Strange was standing over Steve’s hospital bed, flanked by the rest of the Synergy team. As Strange continued, everyone quickly glanced at Steve before returning their undivided attention toward Strange.
“Stark. Rogers.” Before the two men could directly address their issue, Fury’s voice filtered in through their earpieces.
Tony nodded quickly before looking away from Steve again. He could feel that they were getting close to talking about more serious topics like the breakup and he wasn’t sure if he was ready for it.
Sam slowly nodded. He looked around them again as if to make sure Steve wasn’t nearby. “Yeah, Tony. I thought you guys were going to get married. Definitely before Shuri and I…I’ve never seen Steve so serious about someone before and that’s saying a lot.”
Fury turned to point a clicker he was now holding to project an image of the explosive the team had first encountered at Police Precinct 16. The team either gathered around the projection or stood up from the table to get a better view.
Fury pulled Tony to the side as everyone exited the room. Tony groaned loudly; he knew he wasn’t going to like what Fury had to say from the man’s facial expression.
Instead of responding physically, the crowd’s murmuring increased as everyone looked around, confused by Tony’s command.
Steve gently detangled himself from Tony, but he was still holding on to him; Tony’s body felt like an oven.
They chatted a little longer before hanging up. Tony stared at his phone, smiling to himself before calling a car for Steve.
“Okay, Banner and Thor,” Tony pointed toward Bruce and Thor, while Steve was driving, “you two stay in the vehicle and Rogers and I will meet Romanov and Barton outside.”
Tony carefully helped Steve out of the car. Earlier that day, Sam and Bucky had visited Steve at Tony’s, using it as an opportunity to check in on their friend while also bringing him his nicest suit for the evening.
The robot’s specs appeared on Tony’s phone as the screaming and shouting in the space grew. The robot had rushed the stage where the award statues were held, knocking over the sound equipment as it cornered the principal. Steve ran toward the stage to help the principal, but the robot swung around with its arm. Steve dodged it, tucking and rolling as he then got up to get the principal away from the stage.
Steve, face bright red, shook his head. He hadn’t thought about the possibility of becoming romantically involved with anyone on the team. To him, Synergy was only about helping people on a national and global scale, not a hook-up scene.
The soldering iron in Sir's hand bounces slightly as it hits the floor, and JARVIS powers it down before it can ignite one of the many flammable substances that have previously been spilt there.
Being woken at all hours by obnoxiously loud music is very much an occupational hazard of being best friends with Tony Stark. Jim’s tried putting his phone on silent, tried turning it off, tried shutting it in the freaking freezer along with just about every other electrical item he owns, and still Tony manages to contact him when he should be completely unreachable. Hell, the top brass are still laughing and/or raging about the time Tony flew over to Afghanistan and interrupted an Eyes Only briefing to ask for advice on what to get Pepper for her birthday because Jim wasn't answering his phone.
"It's all good," Clint answers, copying Tony's hand gestures after his own apology. "Water, bridge, whatever. This glue stuff of Bruce's, how long does it take to set, because there's this kid with a skateboard in my building who really needs to be taught a lesson."
Eventually, he manages to untense his muscles enough to lean back, his cheek pressed against her soft, almost unscented hair. Natalia doesn't move away, so Barnes has to assume this was the correct reaction. It's not as uncomfortable as he might have expected, letting someone touch him like this, and the two of them are still sitting there when Steve and Sam return from their run.
He should have told Tony the second he arrived in New York. He'd intended to, even, because he knew how much harder delaying would make this, knew that if he let Tony close, he wouldn't want to keep talking. Steve had planned to get
Stark’s face twists into a smile, completely unconvincing, but it's an improvement on the terrible, pointless kindness of a moment ago.
It’s definitely a matter for later, though, because Tony is already heading back to the elevator, coffee mug in hand, and Steve thinks making sure he’s okay probably takes priority.
The team are all far too sure of their ability to rescue each other from near certain doom for anyone to agree to that, though, so Barnes is just going to have to accept it.
"JARVIS'll have a new cell waiting whenever he shows up again," Tony says. "Though I still think it'd be easier if you let me chip him the next time he falls asleep in his cereal. Or, ooh, an
The young man working the checkout isn't someone she's seen before today, and he gawps as she unloads her basket onto the conveyor, his eyes shifting rapidly between the low neckline of her dress and the scar that starts just below the corner of her left eye, runs under her cheekbone and halts only a little way from her mouth.
“Oh,” Steve says, feeling a warm rush of relief, untangling the knot that’s sat in his stomach since that morning. “
Tony doesn’t know if he’s supposed to nod or shake his head, so he settles for grinning and heading back over to where he left his coffee.
you pose an immediate danger, I promise to do what I have to in order to stop you. And that better be good enough because you’re not getting any more than that, understand?”
"Sir?" JARVIS asks; Tony interprets it as a request for confirmation, which isn't exactly unreasonable, given that his usual response to Steve making contact is to instruct JARVIS to take a message (on a good day, anyway; the rest of the time he isn't anywhere near that polite).
Steve is aware of Sam moving, but it's a vague, distant sort of awareness, up until the point where Sam plucks the phone from his hand, which is also when Steve realises he's been silent for too long.
"Eh," Tony answers, holding his left hand out, palm facing downwards. "Water," he says, then sticks his right hand out a few inches above. "Bridge. I, maybe, you know, wasn't really thinking about who I was talking to, but, uh, hey, I've been working on some arrow designs, if you want to take a look at them, or I can just send them up to your floor when they're done or whatever, it's no bi-"
Even muffled, he sounds sincere, far more than he ought to, given the circumstances, and Tony can’t wrap his brain around it. Steve could have called, but he didn’t, and now he’s back again, holding Tony, hands running up and down Tony’s back, every breath ruffling Tony’s hair, and he’s saying he missed him. Tony doesn’t understand it, can’t, and he…
"Absolutely worry about us, JARVIS," Wilson protests just as immediately. "Steve, please, I was just being noble. For the love of God, please don't make me sleep in the car again."
"You thought I was helping Steve find my parents' murderer," he manages incredulously, more of a repetition than a question. "Then, what, you thought I'd bring the Winter Soldier into my home, build him a nice cushy floor all of his own?"
It’s stupid that he’s wavering here, when he’s already promised Stark he’ll kill him for hurting Steve. Agreeing to take him out
Steve chews on his lower lip, free hand tapping at the base of his wine glass. “Yes,” he says, a sharp nod accompanying it. “It’s just- If I’m barking up the wrong tree here, please stop me before I completely embarrass myself,
Doing so turns out to be unnecessary, because the first thing Clint sees when he steps into the hallway on the other side is a disorganised heap of bodies.
Pepper nods, offering him a tight smile. "Thank you," she says, stepping back off the ramp. "I'll leave you to your world saving. Try to bring him home in one piece, please, Bruce."
"And you don't also know that I'm not one of them? I'm hurt, Steve." His joking tone is supposed to lighten the mood a little, but Steve still looks kind of uncomfortable; Sam decides to go down the route of absolute sincerity instead. "Steve, the only reason I'd have a problem with you dating Tony Stark is if you don't want to be."
Steve's got enough experience of pre-caffeine Tony to translate this into English, so he doesn't bother asking him to repeat himself. "It can't wait until tomorrow, Tony," he says softly, fingers tracing the scar tissue on Tony's chest where the arc reactor used to be. "If I don't tell you now, I never will."
, Tony Stark won't make him suffer too much before he kills him, even though a quick death is better than he deserves.
He can live with not being Steve's fuck-buddy or his friend, but he can't handle losing the Avengers as well, so right now he needs to be sober and rational and deal with this in a way that doesn't end with him pushing away everyone he loves.
"Steve?" Tony asks, his voice decidedly not coming from the room Steve's faltering outside of. "Well, I guess this explains why you didn't answer your door. Figured you just didn't want to see me."
The blueprints detail just how everything needs to be connected so that instructions can travel from the brain one way and sensations like pressure and temperature and fucking pain can go the other way. Pressure, Tony can understand, and there's no real reason for the arm not to be able to detect differences in temperature, but pain? Pain is supposed to be the body's way of announcing that there's a problem and that the owner of the body needs to stop whatever they're doing until they've recovered. There's no need to put fucking pain receptors in a metal arm, not when any damage could be repaired with solder and replacement wires in just a few minutes. The only reason to make the arm capable of feeling pain is because they intended to cause pain.
“-A child, you don’t have to coddle m-” He’s so busy defending himself that it takes a moment for Steve’s words to sink in, at which point he stops abruptly. “Hang on, you’re not?”
“About goddamn time,” Bucky says the second Steve exits the elevator, then thrusts a mug directly at him. “Drink this, then tell me why it took a visit from an alien for me to find out that you’re fucking Stark.”
"You are?" Steve asks; after Tony leaving him like that, the only reason Steve can imagine him reaching out is if something big is going on, and in the Avengers' lives, big is never a good thing. "Is he alright? What's happened?"
seems to be the underlying sentiment of what Tony's hearing, and he can't help but agree with it; even with the serum, the odds of Barnes being smashed to bits on the ground or puncturing a lung or bleeding out or freezing to death are astronomically higher than the odds of him surviving long enough for someone to find him.
"I've been sending in designs," Tony protests, laughing as he emerges fully from the quintet. "Obviously I'm not dead. Besides, if you were going to murder me, you would have done so years ago."
look, because if Tony is healthy and calling him intentionally, Steve is allowed to be invested in this. It's his heart, and if he wants to put himself in a position where it's going to get broken, that is entirely his choice.
"Stark," rasps the Soldier, turning around, the movement jerky and uncoordinated, a far cry from the sleek menace of the bridge fight. His right hand goes behind his back, and Tony forgets any thoughts he may or may not have been having about the Soldier's gauntness, the dark (non-greasepaint) shadows under his eyes, the lank hair and sallow skin and the fact that he looks like he should be in a goddamn cancer ward rather than squatting in some shitty tool shed on the roof of a shitty apartment block.
"You were-" Tony interrupts himself to take another drink, more or less draining his glass in the process, but that's okay. The bottle's on the table next to him, and it's no effort at all to pour himself a refill. "Where the hell did you get that impression?"
," Tony concedes, thinking back on all the occasions Steve has seen fit to purchase for his own groceries rather than ask JARVIS to take care of it, not to mention the fit he had when Tony tried to throw him what was either a perfectly reasonable (Tony) or completely excessive (Steve) birthday party last year. "Wait until you have to give him gifts," he says. "Man's a nightmare to buy for."
on a torture victim?” Stark demands, lunging to his feet quickly enough to send his chair skating away from him, the metallic clash as it hits a filing cabinet a jarring contrast to the white noise in Barnes’ head.
“Thank you,” Steve answers, shifting one of the plates on the table an inch to the right, then straightening up the cutlery as well. The neatness does little to soothe his nerves, and unfortunately only occupies him for a few seconds before he ends up pacing again.
"Yes, of course I remember that," Peggy snaps, scowling at him as she yanks her hand away from his. "I'm not a bloody idiot."
Steve sends Sam and Bruce take the loading bay, Tony to what ought to be a locked fire door but has, as is inevitable, been opened by someone wanting a sneaky smoke break and never relocked, and takes the main entrance into the offices himself. JARVIS has managed to locate a plan for the building as it exists above ground, and they've been able to identify a number of probable entrances to the underground base, so they make quick work of subduing the small number of employees still at work at this time. All are carefully (and, in Sam and Bruce's case, apologetically) restrained and left outside the building (they're not entirely sure what the purpose of this particular base is, but no one is prepared to risk exposing potentially innocent civilians to dangerous chemicals) to await the arrival of the police once the team has finished.
Steve might not be an expert in 21st century pop culture, but he knows enough to know what that means.
Steve lets out a little half-sob, pressing his face against Tony’s shoulder. “He asked me why his cell didn’t lock from the outside,” he says, the words coming out slightly muffled but no less anguished for that fact. “He wanted to know why I wasn’t imprisoning him every night!”
Whatever it is Hulk has got hold of, Steve's is clearly too occupied by trying to dodge it to continue arguing, and Tony doesn't at all feel like he's taking advantage when he mutes the line to Steve and says, "Get it booked ASAP, J. He won't argue once I've paid for it."
Perhaps it is for the best that JARVIS now has a solid location for Sergeant Barnes. After all, if he could have predicted Sir's response with any level of accuracy, JARVIS would have informed him that Sergeant Barnes was in the city months ago. Certainly, he would have done so after Sir returned from Barcelona and, as Ms Potts puts it, moped endlessly about Captain Rogers not contacting him [though, of course, MS Potts does not know the identity of Sir's former partner], because if Sir can be trusted to return with the Soldier rather than attempting to harm him, Captain Rogers will return to the Tower.
That was quite a lot for one go, Tony realises, and the fact that Bruce takes his sweet time suggests he thinks so too. Or, Tony realises, once Bruce actually does speak, he's just trying to psych himself up to say something he knows Tony isn't going to go for.
Steve looks down at his handful of drawings, wondering if there's anything in there he can spin well enough that Sam puts away his worried face, and that's when he sees something small and red next to monkey-Steve's head. He turns to the next piece of paper, and there's another red squiggle, and again on the third; flicking quickly through them, he sees that every drawing he pauses on has that same red shape.
Steve walks through the hotel in a daze. He's aware enough to be grateful there's no one else roaming the corridors at this hour – even outside the US, people are going to notice Captain America wandering around a hotel in the middle of the night, hair still dripping down his back after his shower and zero effort made to conceal his identity – but not enough to really be thinking about where he's heading or why.
Steve’s breath catches, holding Tony closer, tighter, and Tony kisses him there a second time, far less subtle. The third kiss is obvious, undeniable, as is the soft gasp Steve lets out as Tony’s mouth drags over his skin, and the low moan that follows it when Tony allows his teeth to graze over his pulse point.
He’d called Tony to ask for Colonel Rhodes to back them up because he hadn’t seen any other option. Steve doesn’t mind risking himself, but not his friends, and there was no chance Sam would have stayed back while Steve took on the base alone, so he’d all but crossed his fingers and made the call.
He didn't think he was listening when the man on the reception desk read out the room numbers he was giving them, up until the moment he finds himself standing outside room 403, hand raised to knock on the door.
It's the sound of the city, home, but that's unimportant compared to the fact that it's Tony's voice, and that in itself is less important than what Tony's saying.
“They didn’t…” he manages, when the revulsion fades enough for him to find words. “Natalia, I…” Barnes falters, another wave of nausea striking him, and he can’t manage anything more complex than, “You were so small.”
This is nothing Steve hasn’t heard before, and usually he wouldn’t argue it; subtlety is an awful lot more complicated than charging right in and hitting things, and all in all Steve would rather leave the
"Don't let me interrupt, then," Clint says, promptly making a start on his dinner as Bruce picks up his story again, talking about this sculpture and that building, what Sam said about one thing and how Steve spent twenty minutes staring at another without saying a single thing, and it's at that point that Clint realises what's odd about this story. "Hang on, when was this?" he interrupts.
The lights are off, and in the half-darkness it takes a moment for Sam to locate Barnes, standing in the corner furthest away from them. He doesn’t move, and Sam doesn’t take his eyes off him, even as he murmurs, “Could we have a little light in here, JARVIS?”
"You've been down here long enough to trip some kind of safety protocol, Steve," he says, since there's no point at all in beating around the bush. "That's not exactly
They should talk before they do this, Steve absolutely knows that, but the rational part of his mind is definitely not running the show right now.
“Figured I’d let you get it,” Clint says, nodding at the bottle and holding out something in his other hand. “I’ve got the opener here, if-”
It's close enough to empty that when Clint scrapes his plate clean and stands up to get himself another beer Tony asks for one as well. The request gets him a narrow eyed frown from Bruce, but since he doesn't vocalise whatever his objection is Tony figures it's not a problem.
There's clear fondness in Peggy's voice as she talks, telling him about all the women Bucky had eating out of the palm of his hand, but also of how she never heard any of them say a word against him. She talks about how Bucky had an almost magical ability to procure almost anything, even in war-torn Europe, and then the story of how she went looking for Steve in a London pub way back in 1943. That last part isn't news to Tony, not when Steve apparently has the same nostalgic desire to tell this tale, but it's still interesting to hear it from Peggy's side; unlike Steve, who mostly devoted all his attention to making sure everyone knows just how much of a knockout (literally, when the occasion called for it) Peggy was, Peggy's version of events is all about how useless Steve was and how enthusiastically Bucky came on to her.
"Oh, you know," she says, patting his hand as he sits back down. "How are you, Tony? Tell me about your life."
“Beg pardon?” says Stark. “I get that you've spent some time out of commission lately, Frosty. Maybe you're a little foggy on the conversational niceties, but I'm a friendly guy – the philanthropy deal, you know – so I'm gonna give you some advice. If you're planning on asking for a favour, maybe don't start with a threat? Just a thought, you know.”
In response, the door to Sam's borrowed bedroom swings open, revealing a line of lights leading down the hallway. He follows them to the same fancy elevator that brought he and Steve up here earlier ("This is my floor," Steve explained, with the down-to-earth abashedness that is his real superpower, only to clear off to
"I'm good," Tony answers, lifting his decanter of joy and lightness. "And, yep, still alive. Don't worry, I'm sure JARVIS would call you for help with disposing of my body if I croak under his watch."
“Good evening, Sergeant Barnes,” the voice in the ceiling says, as calm and polite as he is when he talks to Steve and Sam, and the asset is relieved.
[JARVIS has instructions against interfering in Sir's romantic endeavours, but as such a ruling is in clear contradiction to his instructions to ensure Sir's well-being first and foremost, he has no qualms about ignoring them.]
Unfortunately, finding an opportunity to talk Barnes without Steve seems to be damn near impossible. Sure, the two of them are a couple of floors apart at least five out of every seven nights, but since that’s because Steve is with Tony, they don’t exactly count as an opportunity.
"That's not necessary, Tony," Steve protests almost immediately. "JARVIS, please don't worry about us."
Barnes doesn’t know how he’s supposed to react, but he thinks, for once, that not knowing how to react might actually be normal in this situation. He takes another sip of his beer, and pushes himself to keep making eye contact with Clint.
