As he walks over to us, Jorge reassures me. “Never fear Doctor John sir, I will have your tuxedo prepared for you in time for your wedding. I will not rest until it is done.” He hands Sherlock Rosie and pats me on the back then helps remove the last bit of the suit.
His left shoulder and head seem to continually ache. His back is sore, actually everywhere is sore, he vaguely remembers being hit with a riding crop the last time he was taken out to ‘play.’ There is something in his rectum, he suspects a plug of some sort; it’s been there almost every time he wakes. He’s lost a lot of weight, he can see his hip bones and feel his ribs with his free fingertips. The dog is almost as thin as he is.
An older woman with dyed red hair, raises her bidding number and calls out, “£300”
Sean shakes hands with Kevin who had climbed out the back of the Jeep. “What’s up Kevin?” he asks, slow, as though he has all the time in the world.
Mycroft meets them in A&E – have a nurse and Mycroft’s driver sign as witnesses. Mycroft notarized the papers himself.
Seeing I’m out of hands Sherlock puts his muffs on and comes over to take Rosie. I put the petite muffs on her “You’ll like the noise much better this way baby, we won’t be here too long.” Then put on my own set, making it a game. I take her back from Sherlock and indicate he should prove he can shoot first.
“No John. You are going to see my stylist. Then we will enjoy lunch and go shopping.”
“Don’t be an idiot, you’re studying medicine at school.”
We’re just finishing our meals when Angelo comes out with tiramisu as the front door opens and Harry stumbles in. Angelo misses running into her by a mere fraction and quickly places the confection on the table in front of Sherlock and I.
Sherlock while preparing a pot for tea, “John usually doesn’t react so viciously when startled awake. If I wake him from a nightmare, most of the time he just shouts or throws a punch or two; something I learned to avoid.” Sherlock considers a moment before continuing. “Probably a combination of his reinjured shoulder, the fight with the Kings and his physiotherapy session. King left bruises and cracked one of the ribs Muldoon bruised a couple of months back, and John is tired and sore after his session with the physical therapist. The injury to his shoulder brings back the war where he was originally wounded. We’re both worn-out as Rosie is teething, neither of us is getting much in the way of sleep.”
“Let’s see… Daly City, San Francisco, Novato, Rohnert Park, Santa Rosa and Ukiah from the map. Ask Kevin which location he prefers, there are several we will have to drive by on our way north.”
I’d rather not relive that tale but they are both looking at me expectantly. I close my eyes, breathe a few calming breaths then begin. “We were on a mercy mission in what was supposed to be a secured area. There was another doctor and nurse team besides Bill and myself. I wasn’t the ranking officer, and my suggestion of setting up with a wall at our back was disregarded. I’m not sure what happened, but the next thing we knew insurgents started shooting at our makeshift clinic set up in the centre of town. They took out most of our support crew first, then they shot Dr. Jake Hagan and his nurse, Fred Howe. Bill Murray was able to hunker behind a vehicle with me. Bill dropped his weapon when he was shot in the arm. I was able to take out at least two of the shooters.
Looking back at John intently, “I will never not want you John.” Serious.
Sherlock picked up a dagger and cautiously made his way outside to inspect whatever it was the keeps soldiers shot out of the sky.
I finish up my statement, sign the bottom and hand it over to Greg. “Thanks John.” He glances down at the form. “Damn your writing sucks even worse than normal and that’s saying something!”
I’m going to do something I will more than likely regret in the very near future.
“That’s arterial spray, looks off though. Are they sure there are no bodies lying around?” That line caught Kevin’s attention and he looks up so fast he must have hurt himself.
“We had been, my mother, brother and I, having my aunt over every week or so for supper and inviting her on our trips since uncle Bob died. Kim has convinced my Aunt that we’ve all be stealing from her, when the only person stealing anything is Kim! My aunt won’t talk to us anymore or any of her friends. We can’t get Kim away from her. Calls and letters go unanswered. We’ve sent birthday and Christmas presents with no acknowledgement of receipt. My aunt always, always answered calls and letters and sent thank you cards for every gift.
“She wakes between 4 and 6, most of the time I am already awake so I keep the monitor with me with the volume turned down. You do better with at least six hours of uninterrupted sleep, you are not as grumpy.” He says the last with a devious grin on his face.
Mycroft is at my side and quietly says “I can get her into a rehabilitation facility tonight if she is willing to go.”
“I was actually considering having the marriage annulled before Sherlock made his vow. He made several extra deductions that night, one of which was Mary being pregnant. If she hadn’t been pregnant I would have left her that night.“
Sherlock decided to bury the hatchet, so to speak, and insisted we make dinner for Kevin’s return. We made sure to have items on hand to make Bolognese so he took charge, with a little bit of prep help from me. I have been really impressed on how well he’s taken to cooking. For some reason Sherlock still has issues with eggs though, they seem to all end up scrambled. We do both miss the hustle and bustle of London, but we’re going to miss the ease of being able to just walk out the door and throw something on the grill.
“Euros can marry, she’s only in a mental hospital. Surely they have visiting rights for spouses?”
I reach over and place my hand on his chin to look him in the eye. “Please look at me. It’s all fine. I want to learn how to help you better. Do you prefer your hands tied in front or back?”
We settle in and fall asleep quickly.
“I don’t have many friends John. I didn’t realize that Molly and Greg were friends until I had to leave...” He takes a deep breath. “It’s not safe to allow Euros out of Sherrinford, I should see her before we leave for a month though. Do you want to visit this time? I understand if you don’t.”
“Yeah, yeah, sure. If we need more I’ll stop by myself.”
“Head… hurts… two” garbled, squinting his eyes closed, bringing a free hand up to feel his head.
I can’t help but snort out a laugh “Yeah, right. I’ve heard that one before.” I turn away, then back towards Sherlock “Shit. We do this only if you promise to be extra careful, no running off on your own! No secrets. No holding anything back. Got it?” I command while maintaining eye contact.
Looking around all he sees are dead bodies with dark curly hair and ice blue eyes.
Sherlock starts to read, quietly to himself as Mike speaks up, “I came in to let you know we can let you go home tomorrow if there’s nothing irregular in the MRI. Someone will have to be home to monitor you though.” Glancing at Sherlock, who absently nods, grunting.
I continue to look at pictures, picking up Rosie when she crawls near so Sherlock can fully concentrate. He lightly pats my shoulder on the next pass in gratitude. I can’t find anything suspicious in the photos other than the blood. I’m sure I’ve missed quite a lot compared to Sherlock. I start with the first set of photos again, something catches my eye. I pull my laptop over and open photos from another crime scene. Side by side they are almost identical. On his next pass I point it out “Sherlock, look at this”.
Kevin looks at me and I give him a wave to go ahead and answer “John patched me up when I was shot in a skirmish in Helmand.”
I was not fully prepared to find the items inside. It must have shown on my face, but I did keep my voice steady thankfully. “Is that… a riding crop? What do you want me to do with it?” I had my suspicions but I needed him to voice them. I didn’t realize he was a Sub, I would have never guessed!
The three agents frown, Burton replies “Preliminary reports are putting the blame on PG&E for faulty wires arching.”
I go through the RSVP list in my head “Um, ah, 15 with Sherlock, Rosie and I. The three of us don’t need favours though so 12 if you don’t have a date. Molly is coming by herself.”
Agent Parks steps up “Yes sir, we have everything we need here. Thank you for your cooperation. It’s been a pleasure working with you and Mr. Holmes.” Steps closer and lowers his voice, “Please be kind when you write this up on your blog.” While grinning, handing John a card. “This is my contact information, if you need help with anything while you’re in the States just let me know.”
Sherlock, voice lower, “Those are yours, I had Mrs. Hudson pick them up for me.” A mumble, not clear. Then Sherlock muffled again, “Are they comfortable?” mumble, “Then wear them as my gift.”
John places his bags on an empty chair. Then spreads both large towels on the cleared off kitchen table then covers them with the folded sheet to add some cushioning. He then locks the kitchen door to the landing and double checks the door in the lounge making sure it is locked as well. Too many people have been walking in on them lately.
We ride to NSY, each thinking our own thoughts. Greg is waiting in his office when we get there. Donovan is not sitting at her desk, thankfully.
“Shite” opens one eye, “bad?”
Sherlock nods, “You will learn everything John, in time. For now, Mycroft and I believe it would be best you not know. We still need to make sure she will stay around to have your child.
“Is Marks & Spencer satisfactory?”
“I stopped dating after Jeanette left. She told me I was a great boyfriend, to you, even though we were not a couple. I realized she was right. It wasn’t fair to any of the women I dated, they were always second best to you. I gave up everything to spend time with you; I was never bored.
“I love you Sherlock, I really do! And I meant it when I said I totally envisage you being my last partner. I can’t imagine being with anyone else.” I kiss the top of his head, holding him tightly. I can feel him relax against me again. “Are we good love?”
“Brilliant! We have a time and venue. We should send out invites as soon as possible. You should let Jorge know the time as well… he may need every second!” I chuckle and open the jar of pureed vegetables for Rosie.
Kate is more than happy to x-ray Sherlock’s wrist. I help out with a few patients who come in while she runs the machine. I end up setting one broken finger on a young man, diagnosing an older man with the flu and confirming one teen pregnancy. Rosie is splitting her time between Sherlock and myself (Kate taking her when Sherlock gets his x-rays). Thankfully, neither Kate nor I spot anything broken in the x-rays. Sherlock insists on taking the files with us so Kate emails copies of the scans to him. Kate sends us on our way with a thank you, a lolly for Rosie and a neoprene brace that covers Sherlock’s right hand and wrist.
The morning of September 29th Kevin was up early already having downed most of a large pot of coffee by the time Sherlock and I awake. I see chicken defrosting in the kitchen while preparing breakfast. Surprisingly I don’t remember having a nightmare last night, I was sure I would after our conversation. We’re sitting around the table, Rosie strapped into her highchair to my left where I’m feeding her bits off my plate. I feel good today even though I’m still running a low fever. The hangover I expected is nowhere to be found.
“Okay, good. I want Mike Stamford to oversee my care, he’s my Doctor.” Left eye open again.
Smiling, “That I can do, one sandwich and two coffees coming up. John still drink his coffee black?”
He opens a file ‘pantry view 4’. It shows a breakfront, the open drawers hold linens. The top of the breakfront has an open case of beer and eight bottles of wine in a rack (three red, the rest white). “We might add to his liquor collection if that is all he has.” Sherlock jokes.
“Orgasms. Molly why are you discussing my sex life with John?” Sherlock demands swooping into the room.
Jorge laughs back “Right you are Doctor Watson!” He then starts mumbling and pinning here and there.
“I cannot forgive Mary for shooting you. She almost, take that back, she did kill you. Your heart stopped twice, once in the ambulance and once in the operating room. It is still a miracle that you came back the second time, your surgeons had given up. I was confused as to why your first word coming out of anaesthesia was ‘Mary’. The fact that she later threatened you… I understand why you snuck out of the hospital the way you did. I just wish you hadn’t opened up your stiches and set your recovery back. It was easier for me to hear Mary say she shot you than for you to accuse my wife. I still do not understand why you did your best to send me back to her though.”
“Yeah, but you should probably come to Baker Street earlier to change. Mycroft is going to help Sherlock dress, we figured Molly couldn’t handle that. Molly will get ready downstairs at Mrs Hudson’s. We can walk over to the park when we’re ready, I’ll bring Rosie in her pram in case she needs to nap before it’s all over. Molly and Mrs. Hudson are having a girl’s night with Rosie after as well so Sherlock and I will have 221 to ourselves.” I blush at the last bit.
There were direct flights to London, Heathrow from San Francisco so we forwent going back to New York in a desire to return home more quickly, Sherlock and I both missed Baker Street.
As I reach the kitchen, Sherlock states without preamble from where he is sitting with his back to me while playing with Rose, “Kevin emailed, he has a boarder, a Joseph Connelly former Navy. They met through Sheriff Thomas Allman when Kevin went to collect the gun you shot Kidde with.”
“Oh Sherlock!” I give him a hug and a kiss “I didn’t realize, you need your sleep too you know. Wake me next time, she’s my daughter I should be doing the night time duties.”
“Greg I told you not to wake John! What were you thinking? You do remember John was a soldier, a former soldier suffering from PTSD?” Sherlock walks over and squats in front of a shaking John, who had moved so he was sitting with his back pressed against the couch, legs bent, head in his hands between his knees. Without touching, Sherlock reaches a hand out toward John “Are you alright John?” he asks softly.
“I, I…” Kevin starts to stammer out.
That just leaves him touch.
“It’s nothing John, just a scratch, nothing to worry about.” Sherlock mutters, not meeting John’s eyes.
I channel my inner psychopath through yarn, crocheting is more relaxing than one would think… I am truly a sick son-of-a-bitch, I could give Moriarty a run for his money without too much effort. A few friends were worried about me during this chapter, I’d go quiet with an evil grin on my face as I jotted down quick notes; most thoughts didn’t make it here – too disturbing and I do like the characters. I am truly sorry for not being able to get what is in the horror of my brain properly in print sometimes. With that said, this chapter has a bit of torture and can be upsetting for some.
“Looks like someone else does as well, most of the guards are battered.” Glancing around, “I often wonder how many of these people have just been kidnapped off the streets.” Looking closer at the boys, “The third one from the left looks like he was homeless.” The boy in question was thin and wiry, with an unkempt look about him.
“Sherlock, what is your safe word?”
Sherlock, placing the onion and garlic on the table, “The new cupboard behind the door. Mixer and blender are in there too along with the old dishes. I’ll grab it.” Dashing around the table to pull out the appliance.
I let Kevin go.
A few days later, I was just toweling off following a shower at Bart’s after a physiotherapy session when my phone alerted me to an incoming text.
While Sherlock was away, I decided to run to the shops and pick up a few supplies and something for supper. Rosie and I had a nice wander through the park and ended up picking up a few things from the local pharmacy. We were exiting Tesco when I received a call.
“You’re very welcome. When you’re ready I’ll need you to suck me off.”
“Regular ray of sunshine that one is. I see her bedside manner hasn’t improved.” John pipes up from the bed.
It is just past midday on a Sunday when they follow a tip to where their suspects might be hiding out at a multiple storied construction site. Sherlock had collected John downstairs having tea with Mrs. Hudson before setting out. They are unarmed, neither man wanted to take the risk of waking a sleeping Rosie to retrieve John’s gun. Electricians, plumbers and general contractors left their tools and supplies scattered throughout the site. They found a guard dead, shot in the head, on the ground floor just inside the makeshift doorway before everything went to hell. Sherlock in his excitement forgot to inform Lestrade of their location before they left and John didn’t realize it until it was too late. They are alone and at the mercy of two burglars who happen to be homicidal maniacs.
John shuts his eyes and resists the urge to massage his forehead while leaning against the exam bed. Since January, stress brings headaches and Sherlock being injured brings stress. Being hit in the head yet again doesn’t help either.
“Hold on” I hear an exasperated sigh over the line and grin “Sherlock, what date are you booking our flight for?”
“What are you looking at?” he asks as he sits beside me with Rosie. She reaches for me, I take her from Sherlock to bounce on my knee.
Molly steps to the side opposite Greg and I. Sherlock stops at the end of the chairs a few steps away, waiting for the music to finish. We stare at one another while we wait, everyone else disappears to me, and it is just the two of us.
When the renovations were complete, there was no valid reason for John to visit almost every day. Work helped, but John felt as though something remained missing in his life. The few times over the ensuing weeks, Sherlock called John to have him come help on cases were few and far between. Sherlock spent every other Monday at Sherrinford, visiting with his sister Euros. John always made it a point to visit on the Tuesday after with Rosie though, she helped to de-stress Sherlock.
“If you start next year, why are you leaving now?” Surprised.
“I’ll immobilize it just in case.” Grabbing a bandage roll, wrapping it as he talks. “We can go down to the clinic in town for x-rays tomorrow, I noticed a machine when we brought the blankets back. Meanwhile keep using the icepack and take an anti-inflammatory.” Heads into the kitchen.
Rosie is in her car seat in the back of the rented Dodge, windows open, parked in the shade of the redwoods. The dogs are in their clean pen with fresh water and a couple rawhide chews. I’d like to get Sherlock down to town to x-ray his wrist but the FBI is still milling around doing what, I don’t know.
Kneeling and taking one of Sherlock’s hands in both of his, “I want everything with you. I will gladly bond with you Sherlock, pups or no. I told you we needed to talk when your hormones weren’t raging. We had those cases for the week after, then you avoided me… all of this stress could have been avoided.” John assures.
“Yeah, might have to try making more soup from scratch. You like my chicken noodle, right?”
Frowning, “You wanted me to leave today. Go out so you could be alone…” confused.
Smiling “it’s Sherlock, he means… more.”
“Lestrade bet I could handle it better than you. You lost by the way. I was able to get you home and into bed. I should warn you, Greg took video of it. I think he likes it when you’re intoxicated.”
I turn to glare at Kevin. From his look he knows he’s in deep trouble.
John shrugs back, nonchalant, “You never asked.” Back to Mike, still confused, “But, I can’t perform surgery anymore, why would he want me on staff?” Taking a small bite of eggs.
Life is good!
As we head upstairs “I think it’s time for lunch, then Rosie here needs her nap. Did you let Angelo know about an approximate number of people yet? He should know as he’s catering…”
“Just saying, your chicken scratch is usually somewhat legible.” He laughs back.
“Who, who.” Mrs. Hudson lowly announces, carrying in a tray with tea. “I made some biscuits earlier, I thought you might like some.” Placing the try on the coffee table, on top of the papers left from their last case.
Lestrade dropped off John at the hospital on the way into the Yard. Sherlock sat in the front seat of Greg’s car with his hands clasped together in his lap. They didn’t talk on the way which suited the men just fine, John not wanting to give anything away, Sherlock still thinking about sentiment and Greg with a mild hangover.
“Every time I was at Bart’s,” sniff, “Molly or Greg would just happen to run into me. Every bloody time! Hell, I even resorted to searching the flat to find any secreted drugs you may have left behind. I smoked all of your cigarettes in case you wondered where they went.”
Sherlock puts a finger to his lips for Lestrade to keep his voice down. “John didn’t sleep well last night and he has a bit of a fever, try not to wake him.”
“At least you’re a doctor, I’m just a hermit with PTSD.” Kevin walks over to help unload.
John, pointing a finger on the side of his nose, “Got in one! I get my temper from my Dad. When he was mad or drinking, it was best to stay out of his way. Whenever I spotted him go for the liquor cabinet, I was in the habit of hiding in my room, with the door shut, until he sobered up. Out of sight, out of mind; learned it from Mum. But that night he noticed the missing bottle, put two and two together and came up with me.” Sigh. “Bastard never apologized, even when he was wrong.”
I quickly peruse the menu, one hand on Sherlock’s thigh, rubbing gently with my thumb. I can feel his tensions of the day relaxing to my touch. I feel him tense again and look up. Mycroft and Greg have arrived. I squeeze Sherlock’s knee, reminding him of my presence and feel him relax again.
Yeah me!
On either side of him, Lestrade and Sherlock turn and demand from Mike at the same time, “You know this man? Who is he?”
The hospital wanted to keep John overnight for observation, he just wanted to go home. Almost twenty-four hours later John is finally released into Sherlock’s care. Gone was the docile duo from January. The hospital staff is not sure who they are happier to see the backside of, their irritable patient or his overly cantankerous ever present partner.
“Yeah, you guys are good together.” Taking another bite, “So, what all did Harry do to bring John to his knees, so to speak?”
“Hey, glad you could make it. We can’t make heads or tails on this one.” Greg grins and turns heading down the alleyway. “Guy taking a shortcut found the body, or what’s left of the body. He seems to be missing his head. Wallet’s missing, no id as yet; we’ll have to run fingerprints later.”
Mycroft reports as he did to Doctor Barnes earlier as she goes over John’s vitals. Mycroft adds at the end, “I kept track as Doctor Jacobs will need to know.”
“As soon as we finish.” John adds while casually pulling a carrot out of a pocket in Sherlock’s Belstaff.
Two weeks later a package from Toledo, Spain held a tiny silver human skull on a keychain as well as a very sharp, folding pocket knife with a golden inlay of the sun on the handle.
“I love you too Sherlock.”
“Brother mine, preliminary reports show you have already caught their attention. The FBI has been following a few suspects and one has gone off their radar. Coincidently the day you three went to Fort Bragg. They lost his vehicle from their satellite surveillance under the trees near your location.”
When Mycroft returns with breakfast, he hears John giggling from behind the closed bathroom door. Sherlock’s muffled baritone follows, “Be still John, I don’t want to cut you by accident.”
John adds more slick to his fingers, making sure three are slicked up before stretching Sherlock further. The moans of pleasure Sherlock lets out are going straight to John’s cock. John can’t resist kissing Sherlock’s lower back and bum while pumping his slicked fingers in and out, curling over Sherlock’s prostate.
The auctioneer calls out once again, “Alright people, the current bid is at £1000. Do we have any more bids?” Looking at the woman with the red hair scowling at her adversary, while shaking her head negative. “Going once for £1000. Going twice for £1000. Sold to bidder 1895 for £1000,” banging a gavel. “Thank you and congratulations everyone, please pay the cashier and don’t forget to collect the contact information on your prize.”
“My pleasure John. May I give you a ride back to Baker Street, it is on our way.” He asks.
John grins up at Sherlock’s scowl. “Oh, hey! Guess I forgot the time, sorry. I got involved in my project.” Holding up the yarn square in his lap. “Mrs. Parker lent me a crochet hook to play with.”
Assertive, “You can’t use all the milk for your experiments, Rosie will need it.”
They’ve spent a few pleasant days hanging out with Kevin, catching up and coming up with further ideas to attract veterans to the property. All three men have added to the collection of quail in Kevin’s freezer even while eating some along the way.
Blushing, “We did do a bit of celebrating didn’t we? I rather enjoyed riding you last night.”
John, leaning back a bit, hands on Sherlock’s hips, “I love you too.”
Sherlock gathers John in his arms and kisses him tenderly on the forehead. “No you idiot, it’s me. I’ve been leaving them for you.”
“Oh god no! If you need to use an endearment I would prefer something less…sugary”
Sherlock reaches behind John while telling him, “Keep your eyes closed.” to turn on a dim light behind the bed. “There you go Doctor, examine away,” smug.
“I’m just glad he was there, I could have ended up anywhere.” John mumbles, trying not to squirm as Mike tends his wounds.
Sherlock tests the tuning once more then applies bow to strings to release magic. He plays until Rosie is asleep and a couple of my favourites just for me.
I catch him before he can hit the floor “John!” I exclaim as I hastily search for his pulse. Strong and steady, he’s breathing. Ok, now what? He’s the bloody Doctor around here! I pick him up bridal style and take him out to our rental and get him fastened in the front seat. I don’t have keys, I also notice I don’t have Rosie! Stop. Think.
“Quite right. A passport for Miss Rosamond then, how soon do you need it?” he sounds much more cooperative.
Sherlock is desperately hoping John recalls. “Do you remember the conversation we had the first time we went to Angelo’s?” Thinking this might not be as quite hard as he thinks to get his point across if John remembers.
We meet the husband in the lounge, Sherlock murmurs his deduction in my ear. “Early 40s, smoker, drinks too much, works long hours, and doesn’t sleep enough, wears women’s panties.” Sherlock smirks at me then asks Mr. Hutchins “Does your wife have any friends or relatives that come to visit when you are away?”
Sherlock wraps his free arm around me for a hug “I think you may be correct.” We head inside.
Sherlock Curious, “And the Army?”
Taking a deep calming breath, John explains. “I’ve been thinking about this for awhile now. I really don’t want Rosie to end up in Harry’s care if anything should happen to me. Right now, legally that’s where she would end up by default. She needs someone she can trust to be there for her, and that person is you. I would rather you raise my daughter than my drunken sister. I asked Mycroft to procure adoption papers.“
Sherlock must be tired as he doesn’t hesitate to kick off his slippers and climb into bed while removing his dressing gown, and settles in under the blankets. Cuddling next to John, arm flung over his hips. Sherlock lets out a contented sigh while closing his eyes. John kisses Sherlock’s forehead and shifts closer. Both relaxing into sleep quickly.
“No, no it’s good love. I did tell you to come up and help me and I would like a shower.” I rise and Sherlock follows me our bathroom.
“And yet you’re cleaning.”
“I can’t lose you John, I won’t survive without you.” He sobs out, shaking against my side.
Sherlock gives her a warm smile “Smells wonderful Hudders. John, Rosie and I are taking a holiday in the States.”
Almost asleep from the warmth of the sun and the hypnotizing action of the surf “Hmm? Oh, yeah, very much so.” Shoes and socks off, jeans rolled up, leaning back on my elbows, ankles crossed, enjoying the sun and surf.
I place the ice pack where it hurts the most then take a bite of my sandwich and chew slowly, drawing the moment out a bit “Thank you. You may call me ‘Sir’ or ‘Captain’”.
The bedroom is illuminated with an orange glow from the flickering of the flames in the woodstove. Sherlock from the cold floor, while rubbing his sore behind, asks a tentative, “John?” Sherlock can see John sitting, panting, perspiring and trembling in their bed. Low and soothing in the background can be heard, “It’s alright little one, your daddy just had a bad dream.”
Greg unclips Rosie from the highchair and carries her upstairs followed by Mrs. Hudson. I pocket Mycroft’s microphones when they’re gone. They are still talking lowly as they ascend the stairs and into my old room. The baby monitor is still on and I can hear their conversation.
During afternoon tea Mycroft takes an envelope out of his inner coat pocket and hands it over to John, then sits in a chair opposite.
“Y, yes sir” she stammers back, slipping out of the room.
There is a real tree sitting in a place of honour on the desk between the front windows. The first unknotted strands of lights are twinkling on the small spruce topped with a glowing star. Silver foil garland was strung in a spiral neatly from top to bottom collecting and reflecting the firelight and the white blinking lights.
“Sir, yes sir.” The nurse comes to attention at John’s tone.
Frowning, “Then why are you going? You know I’ll always take care of you.”
After a while I notice it’s quiet and Sherlock is sitting out on the deck, legs over the side, two large plastic cups by him.
I’ve never seen him move so fast. “Yes sir, sorry sir” he says to the floor.
One would think that criminals would take time off over the Holidays to spend time with their families. Most year’s it’s a quiet time of reflection and an extremely bored Consulting Detective. This year however there seems to be a string of poisonings of a calibre reminiscent of one Jeff Hope.
“Take this, contact me if you need anything, anything at all… books, lab fees or just… want to talk. Call me.” handing over a business card: Sherlock Holmes – Consulting Detective
Coming back into the kitchen again, John is just in time to watch Sherlock hop onto the table and sit, primly, waiting for his Doctor. John clears his throat “Very good Mr. Holmes, let me just get a few things ready then we’ll begin.” Trying hard to remain professional.
“Santa Claus.” Slight deer in the headlights look.
John answers, “My partner” Sherlock beams.
“I requested Anthea bring tea to your liking as well.” Handing it over.
Behind him he hears a breathless, “Brilliant!” from John.
Turning the chair to look at John more clearly while still able to tend Rosie, Sherlock begins. “Oh, that’s an interesting story… It was from another time I tried to help the police with an investigation and was disregarded. I had recently escaped my second stint in rehab and was avoiding Mycroft and living in a low income flat in Greenwich. One of my downstairs neighbors was a drug dealer from Nairobi who liked to sample his wares.”
Sherlock groans, and dry heaves again.
“Alright, good. Are, um, you guys homeless?”
Sherlock, Rosie and I are safe yet again.
Sherlock interrupts, “It’s not as if I go to bed every night either. You know I don’t sleep while on a case.”
Taking a quick brake on the landing before continuing into the flat, “Um, how tall is this tree? I’m not sure it will fit on the desk…”
Until next time.
“Well, you’ve just missed pigeon and deer seasons. It’s always hog and jack rabbit season in California. Quail season runs from tomorrow until the last weekend in January. I’ll double check, I think it might be grouse season, they are few and far between though.” Kevin ducks a branch. “Have to get Sean and Kyle out to brush roads again, I give them a discount on their rent if they help me keep this place up. Let’s see, turkey season is split between spring and fall hunts. In spring you can only shoot the roosters, in the fall you can shoot either sex.
“At least you knew I was alive! I thought you threw yourself off a building because no one believed in you.” More tears, “You jumped before I could tell you how much I” sniffle, “I loved you! Do you know how much that hurt? I couldn’t stop the man I loved from jumping…” choked sob, “I still have nightmares about it.”
I pull out my phone to check as well. Mrs. Hudson along with Sherlock’s Mum thanked me for the pictures of Rosie and us. I have a text from an unknown number, I open it to find a short report on Harry’s progress at rehab. Apparently Harry is trying and shows progress already. I close it with a smile on my face.
“Don’t be absurd John. He’s obviously part of a fossil smuggling ring.” He scoffs back.
I hear “We remember” in unison from the stairway as the brothers go down.
“Fine, in that case grab the graham crackers and the marshmallows. I’ll rustle us up a couple chocolate bars.
I take a calming breath, leaning into his touch, “I believe someone was giving us a tour before they leave for a month.” A reminder for the imbecile in the back why we’re here in the first place.
He looks at me in deduction mode for a moment, I must have passed as he smiles at me. “Thank you John. You are being more understanding than I thought you would be.” I’ve never hear his voice so gentle before.
Once we’re in and the engine is running Kevin taps Sherlock on the shoulder and points “Ok Jeeves, head down that way, go slow it’s bouncy. I’ll point out poison oak as we drive by, there is a lot of it on this hill. You’ll want to avoid it whenever you can.” Kevin points out some pretty tri-lobal red leaves. “The brush with the grey/green leaves and grey bark is ceanothus alba, or as the locals call it, white thorn. The thorns will cause a mild infection if you are scratched or punctured by them.” He clears his throat “Forgot, I meant to leave out a couple books on the local flora and fauna; I’ll do that when we get back.”
Sherlock hugs me from behind, hands over my stomach. “I’ll support you any way you need. I know of a few decent rehab places if you think it will help” he whispers in my ear.
“Yes, of course I did. Maybe we could go back for a holiday someday? I’m sure Rosie would love playing in the sand on the beach.”
Sherlock runs the thermometer over John, the unit once again emits a beep. “John you are 100.8. I still don’t like your colour.”
He nods “From my Uni days, Trevor Lind. The crop was his. I was with him until I overdosed and he dropped me off at the A&E.”
I’m nodding along and just as I open my mouth to reply my computer ‘dings’ with a new email. “Kevin replied. Let’s see, he says we’ll need rain gear a warm coat and hiking boots. If we want to hunt he’ll leave us a couple guns and ammunition; one of the dogs is fantastic on birds. Nothing fancy, the nearest town is eleven miles away and is very casual; jeans and t-shirts. The place is an old sheep ranch, little to no pavement. He’s looking forward to seeing us.” I grin at Sherlock “I’ll need to take you shopping.”
All he can smell is menthol, there was an oily, greasy, feel above his upper lip. Vick’s VapoRub? He tries to test his theory with his tongue to find his mouth blocked by a ball shaped object. The ball is larger than a golf ball, but smaller than one used for tennis. He tries to push it out of his mouth with his tongue only to feel it’s fastenings on his neck and head.
My brain comes back online as she is putting a bandage on Johns arm “Rosie is Johns daughter, she has none of my DNA.” I blurt it out rather brusquely.
“Quick question, did you go to the tailor before or after 2pm?”
Sherlock asks “Kevin, would it be alright if I were to teach John how to drive a stick while we’re here?” I look at him, when am I ever going to drive a stick?
Kevin is oblivious “What? I wanted to wash the dirt off the rock!”
“I know just the place. Follow me north on 101 and take the first Cloverdale exit, I’ll meet you at the Chevron gas station if we get separated. I won’t answer a text while driving but if you need me call, the car has Bluetooth.
Within the hour Anthea has come and gone, leaving a bag in the room that smells enticing along with a laptop for Mycroft. She drops off another bag of food for the men outside the door.
Moriarty.
“Rudolf The Red Nosed Reindeer‘’ by Dean Martin is playing in the background. Most of the tune is being drowned out by the babbling voices from the long line of parents and their impatient children waiting to visit with Santa just outside their door.
“It’s only Harry, Molly, Greg and maybe Mycroft and your parents if they’re in town.”
Down the hall, a clock could be heard chiming the midnight hour.
“No need to get angry. Anyway, where did my blue wool dressing gown go, I never had a silk one. It must belong to one of the insipid women you insist on seeing.”
Sherlock pulls out his phone and dials, putting the phone to his ear. From the front seat Lestrade is a bit shocked, he knows Sherlock prefers to text. Lestrade listens to the single side of the conversation. “Hi Mike,” pause, “yeah, I know. I need another favour.” Pause, “No, it’s not me this time. I, um, I ah bought someone at a slave auction who needs treatment, he’s been whipped and beaten.” A loud yell can be heard over the line. “Don’t blame me, I didn’t do it! I don’t even approve of slavery you know that!” pause, lower yell. “I was there on a case and I had to save him, you should have seen the other person bidding for him. Vile. Can you meet me at Baker Street?” A pause, looking at John leaning slightly forward and sideways, head resting against the cool window of the car, eyes closed, absently crushing the biscuits in his right hand, “He’s been drugged, not sure how much he feels at the moment but I’m sure it’s painful.” Pause. “You can leave them with Mrs. Hudson if you’re worried about a relapse.” Pause. “Along with that I’d say at least a tetanus booster, antibiotic cream, sutures and steristrips. Maybe some large bandages and gauze.” Pause. “Thanks Mike, I owe you! See in about an hour then.” Hangs up and sends a text before slipping the phone into an inner pocket of his coat.
Sherlock just about jumps into the spray of water in the shower, reaching down to remove the cock cage at the same time. I follow, giggling, at a more leisurely pace, being mindful of my left shoulder. Sherlock reaches for the shampoo as I close the curtain and step under the spray. He starts to wash my hair before I can even ask; the massage feels like heaven. Sherlock gently moves me under the spray to rinse then massages in conditioner then rinse again. He wets a clean flannel and adds body wash and starts to clean me gently all over. I am enjoying the sensation immensely as Sherlock can tell when my hard cock brushes against his thigh. Sherlock positions me under the spray again as he starts to lather himself, slowly, erotically.
Sherlock, finally looking up at Mike, “I’ll be there and if I have to step out, I’ll make sure Mrs. Hudson is around.” Glancing over to John then the papers again, “For starters the retainer is more than you make in a month working full time at the clinic. They’ll double that when you actually start working; a raise after six-months then every twelve. Included, once you start working is a mostly subsidized 24/7 drop-in child-care, free gym access, full health, dental and vision coverage, retirement package and paid vacation time.” Looking up at John, grinning, waving the contract, “If you work a crime scene you can charge a fee with the Yard and they’d have to pay it. We’d both be paid as I can be hired on as your assistant…” before John can ask, “I can manage with that. Apparently Bart’s has a contract with the MET and Doctor Quincy is their official medical consultant. When you take over his job, you take over fulfilling that contract as well.”
“I feel fine other than the backache, even better since the nap.” I admit.
“I, um, was wondering how you acquired the harpoon… not the sort of thing you can just pick up at the corner market after all.” I inquire.
“Really? He does remember that I didn’t throw the first punch and that he and his friend both attacked me first?” John sits up straighter.
15th August
Taking a deep breath and removing the plates from the microwave, putting a dish in front of Greg on the table along with a spoon. “Sorry. I’ll take Rosie. Eat while it’s hot. Harry, John’s sister, came to visit earlier today. She had been drinking before she arrived… things only went downhill from there.” Placing Rosie in the highchair to begin preparing her formula.
Sherlock pulls out his phone, “We’ll rent a lorry and I’ll drive it myself. We can pick it up and go now.”
Blushing a deeper shade of red, Lestrade whips his head around to stare, wide eyed, at Sherlock “What?”
“Ah Hudders, just the person we need.” Sherlock quips.
“I’m not done yet. Once with the grain, once against. Stay still please.” The intense look is back as he applies another layer of cream. The blade is worked against the grain, up, this session. Once again he warms a flannel to remove any residue of the cream. “Now we’re finished.” He steps back and starts to clean up the mess.
I lift an eyebrow at Sherlock who shrugs. “We’d be delighted Mycroft” I answer.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow at John.
“The aubergine shirt, yes it was Doctor Watson. Why do you want one as well?”
“Did… did you ever want more? With him?” jealous.
Sherlock is greeted by the sight of John, lying on his back unconscious, wrists bound tightly with a length of wire, on the floor in the cold kitchen next to him is a gore covered axe. There is a bloody gash from John’s right eyebrow to above his ear, that side of his face is a giant, blood-stained, swelling bruise. “John!” Sherlock checks for a pulse, steady, and breathing, thank goodness.
“I am not them, you can trust me. I love you, I’m not going anywhere.” Yawning at the end.
“Well, after the, um, celebration we had last night the sheets needed changing. I mentioned it when we got out of bed this morning.”
Sherlock is using my good shoulder for a pillow, his breathing has evened out. I’m almost asleep when I hear him ask. “Why did you come back to me after Mary?”
“Good to see you too brother dear. Being domestic? How quaint” Mycroft points the tip of his umbrella at the shopping bags “I did not know you had it in you. I came to see how you were, been getting reports you were behaving… strangely.”
I give a small nod, “Yeah. We were on patrols, almost in tandem. The US and Canadian units were to the west of our position, they were under fire. My unit was able to take out a few insurgents from our position. When the firing died down we worked our way over to offer further support and transport the wounded as they had lost a couple vehicles.
“What?” John slurs.
“I was, um, thinking… behind my chair, in the window.”
“Besides,” John adds, “we could never find anything better if we tried.” Beaming at his family.
“What? No. Molly is coming over for dinner and Mrs. Hudson is free.” He casually answers back.
Sherlock slumps next to John, “I’ve never had a successful relationship” he softly admits in defeat.
“Good morning” I murmur, “how did you sleep?” I rub my hand gently up and down his back.
Kevin sent me a text earlier letting us know he was released back into civilian life again and was headed home. Sherlock and I had about a four-hour window to collect some of the stuff we’ve left lying around. Thankfully, we hadn’t spread out too far and I did give the office and main house another thorough cleaning a couple of days ago.
Sherlock jumps up and starts to rush out of the building, “The chains! They unlocked the doors before they drove the van through. We can put the chain back on the closed doors to keep them inside. Come on John!”
“Just toast and bacon for me today thanks.” Reaching for the second piece of bacon off John’s plate, shoving it whole into his mouth once again, before Mrs. H can turn around again with his plate.
Sherlock, interrupting with a smile, carrying in crib parts, “We’ve worked it all out Mrs. Hudson, no need to worry.”
“Almost being the operative word, John.” Sherlock sighs. “Molly must have made a mistake, so unlike her. The samples are clearly from both a male and a female, not twins.” The last word with a sneer and a twist of the lip too similar to Mycroft for John’s liking.
I mention we are in need of some baby food for Rosie as Costco had mostly formula. The individual applesauce containers we found there are a good start though.
“Obviously” said sweetly into Rosie’s curls as Sherlock hugs her close, sniffing her blond curls. “Mummy wants the three of us to come down for Easter. The entire week if we can manage it. She referred to it as ‘Spring Break’.” The last bit groaned out.
“Two years is a start… we’ll revisit the situation after that.” I taunt back at him.
“No, it just seems like everywhere I went today, he was there. He was behind me in line at the coffee shop, and then he followed me onto the tube. I finally had to come here to see if you and Mr. Holmes could help me. I tried going to the police, but the sergeant I spoke to didn’t take me seriously for some reason. She just kept giggling at everything I said! Most unprofessional.”
The ladies in the lounge gasp.
“Thought we might grab something while we’re out. Sherlock texted me something about you needing to return something to the pub down the street…” Greg says in confusion.
I believe most Friday nights look better under neon or stadium lights
Smiling, lawyer Daggett asked, “You defended yourself against attack from two aggressors with an impaired dominant side?”
“Ta. Um, can you bring them to the hospital?” Asking Sherlock with his eyes which one.
The loudest of all is Angelo “What are we doing drinking wine? This announcement requires champagne!” and off he goes. His exclamation seems to permeate the feeling of the table as everyone smiles back at us with genuine smiles.
“I’ll try the biscuits first, ginger might help with the nausea.”
Sherlock goes over the info Kevin shared, opens and loads the shotgun. With the safety on, barrel pointed at the ground, asks “Which target do you want me to fire at?”
“Don’t you ‘John’ me boy!” I command back “Kneel!” he hesitates “NOW!” I roar.
Sherlock looks down at John in thought for a moment, “John didn’t finish all of his breakfast, and he should eat something for lunch. Mycroft won’t be back until late tonight.” He looks up at Mike, “Did John have anything he favored when he worked there?” He asks low.
Sherlock is not sure he wants to know the answer, “Where the two of you ever…” He can’t ask.
Bouncing an almost asleep Rosie in his arms, John steps to the doorway and hisses back “Keep your voice down! She was almost asleep. Make yourself useful and see if Mrs. Hudson is free.”
“Jo… Sir?”
“Ukiah Valley Medical, go back to the road you turned here on and take a left into town. On 128 go south through town to the first left to Ukiah, 253. Oh bother, give me your phone and I’ll bring it up on GPS, can’t get lost that way.” She takes my phone out of my hand and puts in the info. As she hands me back my phone it starts directing me.
Distantly he can hear Sherlock call his name.
I’m curious and am surprised Sherlock hasn’t asked yet “Kevin, what do you do for a living?” Sherlock powers up his laptop, listening intently, he wanders over to look out the screen door.
“What? I’m putting the clean laundry away. Mrs. Hudson brought up what we used while I was in hospital. From the looks of it, she raided the hampers as well. And keep your voice down, you’ll wake Rosie.” Glancing at the ceiling, her room is just above.
“John, I don’t want to do laundry. That’s why I send everything out to the dry cleaners…” sulking.
It’s taking a long time for his pain medication to kick in tonight, as such John is not sleeping very soundly. Sherlock left not too long ago, but the presence his subconscious mind perceives is not that of his new flat mate and saviour. Waking he can’t help but moan and find a more comfortable position for his abused body.
Sherlock is sprinkling sugar on top of the last scone as Kevin comes around the corner. “Thanks for splitting the firewood, that’s a very nice surprise!” Kevin declares.
“I don’t see what the big deal is. I was able to find and rescue you, no one else died!” he huffs while continuing to pace the lounge.
Thank you Mycroft for sighing me up for a membership at Costco.
John was in his old red chair in front of the burning fire, slowly sipping from a cup of tea in his left hand. Re-reading an old dog eared Ian Fleming book in his right, ‘From Russia With Love’ can be seen from the crinkled binding on the small, soft sided tome. He was dressed warmly in a blue checked button down shirt and his favourite Christmas jumper, a red plaid wool blanket draped across his denim clad lap.
“What did you find Sherlock?” I ask, coming closer to look for what he found. Even I spot the pattern in the statements quickly.
Looking around, John observes the evidence of a gathering of their friends strewn around the room, cup here, half-empty glass there and a collection of beer bottles on the desk. A smile crosses his face when he spies their daughter Rosie asleep, curled up hugging an old plush bee, at one end of their couch. It looks as though someone had covered her with a blanket at one time.
“Sorry sir!” He scrambles up, wincing a bit.
Sherlock picks up a picture from the counter behind him, “We settled on my parents’ home. From the front elevation it looks like a single story house. Originally we were going to recreate 221 but there are too many levels and windows. That and we didn’t know what to use for the awning over Speedy’s Café.”
“Yeah, that bloody thing hurts! It has bit more whip than I thought. I didn’t think I used that much force. Definitely need tea now.” I limp my way over to the kitchen. I leave the crop on the table and fill and turn on the kettle. While waiting for the kettle I wash the breakfast dishes so I can reuse our mugs. Just before the kettle clicks off I try the crop, a bit more gently on my leg again. Much better, with practice I figure I can find a good enough force for pain but nothing excruciating. Sherlock is looking at me from his chair in the lounge.
“Mrs. Hudson, what would we do without you?” I ask incredulously “Is there anything else I may have forgotten?”
“I started a bank account for Rosie in May, her university fund… I. No. We don’t have to worry about it.” I kiss Sherlock. “I love you so much.”
“He, um, he, he started to text me videos of cats falling off of shelves for some reason.” Pulling out his phone and playing the latest video.
“Sherlock is that a real tree?” Looking over the railing down to the entryway below.
“Sherlock, move the tray to the nightstand” I order. He starts to stand up. “No boy, on your knees” I order. He gives me a look but complies. “Kneel in front of me.” He crawls over, I look down at the drips on my groin then back at him. “I seem to have made a mess. Clean me up.” He starts to turn and reach for a napkin on the tray. I bring back my Captains voice again. “No Sherlock, with your mouth, hands behind your back.” I’m beginning to harden in anticipation and spot he’s starting to do the same.
Softly John changes the subject, “The summer I turned 6, Mum took Harry and I up to our Watson Grandparents on their farm in Scotland, near Inverness. I think to get us away from dad for a bit. I told you at Christmastime my Grandma started to teach me how to take care of myself, she started that first year. Taught me how to make tea, I was proficient by the end of summer. Grandpa had me working the sheep and feeding chickens and collecting eggs. We spent time up there every summer until they died when I was 17. I really miss them.”
On her way out of her flat to go upstairs Martha Hudson grabs a cast iron frying pan out of the dishrack by her sink.
“Lucky us. Is it good enough to eat?”
“I enjoyed the peace and quiet of Sussex, didn’t you John?”
Sherlock and I look at one another, he gives me leave to answer. “A friend of mine in the States needs a house sitter. Sherlock agreed to accompany me there, that afternoon he proposed and I said yes. We figured the trip would make a lovely honeymoon. As for the timing, Kevin needs us there by October 1st; he was called away kind of last minute himself.”
Molly looks at the wall just over John’s left shoulder, “Actually John, I was thinking Sherlock could penetrate me while you, um, do the same to him. If he, um, finishes before you… then you could sort of… take over.” Turning an even deeper shade of red. “Sherlock, he said you always get him off before you… um” Molly waves a hand in the air.
Patting her head with both hands, “I have a hat… do you think it has any magic?”
I see Sherlock perk up, he hasn’t unpacked his computer since New York. I smile at his reaction “Yeah, I think that would be a good idea. Let us grab our laptops and Rosie’s nappy bag and we’ll be right with you.”
John packed a few easy to clean toys for Rosie along with a change of clothes and extra blankets. Violet, anticipating the need, had purchased a few plastic toys and a bucket to store them in for the occasion.
Crawley opens the folder she handed over with John’s forged info. “Sebastian won’t be happy they used his dossier again, especially since his friend James has been AWOL for the past two days.” He muses.
“Yeah, but he stopped around that first Christmas… I didn’t notice it right away. I do know, every time you had a pub night after that, John came home smelling of beer and sex.”
“You must be joking.” Sally chokes out with half a grin.
I glance around the table, all are awaiting my answer. Sherlock places his hand over mine on his leg and gives me a supportive squeeze. “Yeah, you could say that. Kevin was part of a unit that was able to rescue me and another soldier when we were captured by Afghan rebels.”
Sherlock pipes up “That’s an excellent idea!” I raise an eyebrow at him and add “That would be good. No harmful chemicals, raunchy fumes or odd body parts in the flat.”
He shakes his head “No. I like having her close. If we need to we can come back to get it.”
Smiling, “How can I forget?” Giving Sherlock a hug and a quick kiss on the lips. “What say we go and tell our daughter that she has two Santa Claus’ in the house?”
We’re driving along enjoying the view and silence. I spot a house above us. Kevin starts “That’s Walter’s place, he’s the younger brother to Kyle and Sean. I let him keep the place, he only comes around on the occasional weekend. The middle brother, Sean, his place is just around the corner. Sherlock if you could go down the driveway that would be great. We can meet him, he’s usually hanging about.” Overly polite.
Later, we’re sitting around in squishy chairs sipping cognac when Sherlock asks the room at large “So, how exactly did you two meet?”
Sherlock looks like a hungry, lost puppy someone just yelled at and then tried to kick. John sighs, Sherlock hardly ever begs for anything. “Fine.” Waving a hand toward a vestibule.
I greet and thank everyone for coming, Sherlock following along with me; seemingly glued to my side, hand in mine or on my lower back. Angelo catches my eye after a bit and nods toward the main table. I take the hint and lead Sherlock over and guide us to our designated places. Molly is to Sherlock’s left, Mycroft, then his parents, Rosie in a high-chair between mummy Holmes and Mrs. Hudson then Angelo and his wife Nigella. To my right is Greg then Mike, his wife Lily then Bill and Judith.
“Happy Christmas Sherlock.” Both men take a small sip.
“My idiot brother is more of a moron that I first thought!” He growls
They worked the scenes backwards, by the time they entered the home of the first suspect both men had grins on their faces.
“Yeah, thanks Mrs. Hudson.” I hear a rustle of fabric then Greg stomping down the stairs louder than he went up. I’m waiting by the monitor with Mycroft’s bugs in my pocket. Greg asks “You ready to go then?”
John was in an ambulance, at the end of the ally, being checked out by the paramedics. Sherlock wanted to be with him but was forced to explain his actions, yet again. Frustrated he turned, glaring and growled out, “He didn’t stop! Muldoon turned to attack me after the first shot! Do a blood test, you will find he was high and didn’t feel his wounds!” Finally Sherlock had all he could take and turns on his heel to quickly stride over toward John, Belstaff billowing in his wake.
“Thank you Sherlock. That was incredible, we’ll definitely have to do that again.” I know I have a sappy grin on my face.
On the way to the pond they bumped down the drive by the abandoned, burned out husk of Musgrave Manor. John could just make out the archway to the ‘funny tombstones’ from his seat on the way by.
Violet must sense the mood around the table shift and changes the subject. “How long will you boys be gone?”
I grab three glasses of water as it’s a warm day, popping a couple ice cubes in each glass. I place them and some ginger nuts we baked the other day on a tray and bring them out with me. I inquire “Sherlock, where is the baby?” The monitor is off, he never does that if she’s sleeping and I don’t see or hear her anywhere.
“Yeah, I want to hear Sherlock say he’s okay. He’s behaving the oddest. John isn’t beating you up again is he?”
John grinning back, “Yeah, me too. I didn’t wake until Sherlock woke me to eat lunch. To answer your question Doc I still have double vision and a headache. Head feels better laying down but I know I have to sit up as well. I’m also sleepy, which is to be expected with a concussion.”
The lights were running off the solar array when everything suddenly went dark just before 10pm. Agent Kreisler was patrolling outside, she would be the first to investigate. Agent Parks was inside with Sherlock and John going through the surveillance footage once again. In the light from the dimmed laptop screen, Sherlock freezes and prevents Agent Parks from clicking on a flashlight. “Don’t, you’ll give way our position.” He hisses at him. “Let your eyes adjust, there is almost a full moon, more than enough light.” While closing the computer.
“Oh God, really?”
Mycroft turns to John, “I believe I will leave you for a while. I shall return with breakfast within the hour.” Closes down his laptop, leaves it on the bedside table and walks out.
Pinching the bridge of his nose while taking a calming breath. “Five minutes, it will take all of five minutes then you can do whatever the bloody hell you want!” John growls.
Sherlock readies shaving cream and picks up a straight razor. He turns, takes the flannel off and applies a layer of cream over my warmed whiskers. He leans forward again and sensually “stay still sir, don’t want any accidents.” Sherlock runs the blade down my face, wiping the razor clean at the end of each swipe. Over and over he works the blade over my face, look of complete concentration on his features. When I think he’s done he warms the flannel again and removes any cream residue.
Greg followed the ambulance to the hospital but had to get back to the Carruthers home, aka crime scene, to supervise his staff, mumbling about them all being complete imbeciles on his way out. Greg had also assured John he would notify Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson. Before making his leave, Greg made John promise to keep him posted on Sherlock’s progress.
As I hand his cup over he looks at me “Scrambled eggs, maybe some toast?”
I text Mike and Bill. Mike is thrilled and is sure he and the wife are free, he’ll confirm when he gets home. Bill is taken aback that I’m marrying a bloke but whatever makes me happy he’s okay with. He’ll double check with the wife but he’s sure they’re free. A few minutes later Bill texts that he and his wife will be there.
“Bingo!” Kevin continues “There is a brass marker at the top of the hill, I’ll show you tomorrow. I’ve taken countless pictures and video of it and the surrounding areas and sent in the mistake. The idiots have had the county road in the wrong location for years!” He points behind him “It is two miles back that way.” He point’s in the other direction “they have it located three miles that way.”
2.	Rimming
Sherlock cups my face in his hands and bends down to meet me. Our kiss starts off soft and sweet and quickly progresses into something more as we open our mouths and wage war with one another’s tongues. I am melting under his touch. Sherlock pulls back, foreheads together, eyes locked and growls low “Mine” as I reply in like “Yours” before we start to kiss once again.
While kissing, I gently lay Sherlock on his back and stop, I had an idea. There are a few extra crib pads in the wardrobe, I quickly retrieve one and stretch it out in the middle of the bed over a couple pillows. I help rearrange Sherlock, with his hips over the pillows. He’s giving me a strange look so I explain “The pad will ease clean-up, neither of us will need to sleep in a wet spot.”
“Yes, oh.”
“Yeah, I’m sorry about how much trouble she was. It was a comfort knowing she was in good hands while I was away though.”
John lifts the ‘thing’ and gives it a squeeze making the swick, swack noise again. “It’s kind of a mini, ice cream scoop… the biscuits come out the same size this way. Mary had a set of different sizes, I um, packed them up with everything else from the kitchen when I moved.” John shrugs one shoulder.
Stephan clears his throat “Well it looks like the fit is correct then. Are these the ones then?” he asks.
Sinking more into himself in defeat, Sherlock lowly tells the floor again, “I’m pregnant.”
I take the nappy bag and head back to our bedroom and pick up the canteens Sherlock and I bought and fill them with fresh water. Unbeknownst to Sherlock I snuck a few specimen collecting jars in my travel case. I’m able to sneak a few into an outside pocket of the nappy bag. The topographic map is tucked in another outside pocket.
A week later they’ve been home just a couple of days, Sherlock having insisted they spend a few more days with his parents. “Hey John, you’ll never believe this one.” Lestrade states as he lets himself into the flat, leaving the landing door open as he found it. Looking around, “Where’s Sherlock?”
Violet and Siger stopped in London during renovations and both gave their opinions as to how the office should be decorated. In the end Mycroft left it to them to purchase the furnishings for the room. All the furniture they picked out was a warm honey coloured oak grounded with a red oriental rug that fit in with the rest of the house. What papers and notes that survived Eros’ explosion were filed alphabetically by case in the new office filing cabinets. There were even a pair of cabinets to file experiment results.
I smile at Sherlock “I never told you how Mycroft got my attention that first night, the pink lady, did I?” Sherlock shakes his head in negation. “Mycroft asked me, over a pay phone I had picked up, ‘Do you see it?’ referring to CCTV cameras, exactly how Kevin did. It brought back the memory of being abducted.” I hand him over Rosie, he hugs her and reaches out a free hand for me. “I do agree Kevin has been keeping busy. I don’t think he’s happy living here all alone.”
“What?” John, equally exasperated.
Sherlock grimaces as he pulls the covers up. “Ug that worked Sir.” He shudders, and looks at me hesitantly.
“Call me John. If you have time can you make a pair of waistcoats with that fabric? One for me and one for Sherlock.”
Anthea drops off an envelope in the morning along with a few shipping boxes and a large roll of strapping tape. The envelope has Rosie’s passport, California hunting licenses and hog tags for Sherlock and I and an executive membership card in my name for Costco Warehouse. Included is a note from Mycroft stating that the nappies needed for our trip will be too bulky to travel with, use the card wisely.
I look up, following the sound. There is a man dressed up as father Christmas ringing a bell next to a red bucket on a metal stand. I point to the front of the Tesco we are heading toward, “The man over there is collecting donations for charity.”
“Rosie is with Molly, she likes her cat.” Shy, “I” cough, “I, um, want to… to ask you… something. I’m… (Whispered) shite.” John comes to attention, looks Sherlock in the eye. “I want to come home, here, back to Baker Street.”
Resigned, “Alright, it couldn’t hurt. I did want to start exercising again… if nothing else they can recommend a routine.”
I fell off a horse once, head first and had a nasty concussion. I love steak, rare & grilled over an open flame is my favorite preparation. For several weeks after the fall, steak, lamb and pork (well, red meat) tasted as though it had sat out in the sun for a few days, rotting. Yuck! Only food I seemed to tolerate was white meat from chicken or turkey and fish. The only exception was ground beef in a vegetable sauce.
Molly and Mrs. Hudson beautifully redecorated Rosie’s room, fit for a growing lady, with lovely wallpaper and new updated furniture. Mycroft approved of it enough that he asked their opinions about fixtures in Rosie’s new bathroom. With Mycroft’s influence, the attic storage space was renovated as well dividing the space in half. In the end Rosie had a playroom with a wall of cupboards to store toys and games and a separate storage area with open shelves and cabinets with room for a few pieces of furniture Mrs. Hudson couldn’t part with.
Sherlock takes a step closer to John, “I’m aware of that John, I just keep forgetting how magnificent you are.” Cupping Johns’ blushing face in his hands Sherlock leans down for a kiss. “God how I’ve missed you” he murmurs as he claims Johns’ mouth.
“I flirted with him, the night you and I met… he turned me down. Said he was ‘married to his work’ and that he was flattered. I denied flirting with him, I’m sure he saw right through me though.”
We with considerable help from a contractor finished the remodel upstairs today. I am finding it amusing how many pairs Sherlock actually has in his sock index. He graciously asked to sort mine so I let him, what harm could it do? I’m looking forward to tonight, our first night alone together in weeks. Sherlock has been buzzing around the flat all day in anticipation.
Mrs. Hudson hoo hoo’s from the stairs. She makes sure to let us know she’s on her way up after catching us in compromising positions a couple times. “I made the ginger nuts Sherlock and Rosie like so much this morning, I also made a batch of scones as well.” She says as she places a tray of tea, and goodies on our surprisingly still clean kitchen table.
“No.” says the dark haired lump on the bed
I glance over “Sherlock? I can hold Rosie while you fire the riffle. I should be fine by the time you’re done.” I hope, the pain is down to just a dull ache now.
Sherlock takes my towel and gently pats me dry then quickly dries himself while kissing me. We continue to kiss as we work our way into the bedroom. We fall back on the bed together, still passionately kissing, hands touching everywhere they can reach.
All I can do at this point is moan in pleasure as he sucks and licks while his slick finger starts to circle my hole. It is all I can do to remain standing while bracing myself against the shower walls. Sherlock pulls back and sucks the tip of my cock again. “Oh. Oh God. Brilliant!” I groan out “Feels so good love.” He pulls me in deeper and hums at my praise. “Fantastic!” I cry out which earns me another hum around my cock.
Mike is sitting in an armchair in the corner of the room dozing himself. Sherlock wakes Mike gently shaking his shoulder. “Mike. I’m back, thanks for staying.”
“Thought not.”
Sherlock asks, “What papers?” Suspicious.
“Really?”
The taxi ride to Regents Park is uneventful, we’re both in thought. I know I’m thinking about the lists. We decide to wander the Zoo, Rosie loves looking at the animals and I know Sherlock likes to lecture her about all of them. We meander through the Zoo until Rosie falls asleep then make our way across the park for lunch. We both enjoy fish & chips, Sherlock finishing my chips. Rosie is still asleep after the excitement of the zoo. We spend the time talking a bit about everything and nothing in particular.
He slowly looks at me and lightly slurs “S’good, good” with a silly grin.
John hands it over, placing his flat palm over the file folder on the table. “I want to know everything Sherlock, no holding back.”
Sherlock’s blush only makes him more beautiful as does his erection. I stalk over to the side of the bed and murmur in his ear “Beautiful, clever boy. So good” as I pick up the rope. I gently turn him sideways then pull his arms behind him to tie his wrists together. I run my hand through his hair, grabbing a handful and bringing his mouth up for a deep kiss. My other hand I gently stroke up his thigh, up his taut belly to tweak a pert nipple. Sherlock moans and arches into my touch.
“DONOVAN!” Lestrade barks “Go home, I’ve warned you enough! How many times are you going to have to attend ‘sensitivity training’ until it clicks?” She’s just standing there agape, “Move! Now!”
When Sherlock puts Rosie down, John takes her hand so they can look at their creation together. They had created a three-tiered snowman approximately four-feet tall. Two bits of coal from their fireplace used for eyes, a carrot nose and five buttons used for a smiling mouth. Sherlock found two similar branches with a crook for an elbow and three fingers for each hand.
“Oh, nothing... just, a, ah Christmas carol… mum always had Dean Martin playing when Harry and I were little.”
“I thought we might wander down towards Union Square then maybe Pier 39. I would like us to have dinner at the Cliff House. I made arrangements with the concierge, we have reservations for 6:30.” He takes my hand and kisses both our cheeks. “You feel warm, you okay John?” Sherlock wonders placing sunglasses on my face, the fog is burning off.
“Alright, alright, keep your shirt on.” Mumbled.
Grinning, John replies, “You’ll have to be a bit more specific Greg. That sort of thing happens more than you’d think while running around with Sherlock.”
Sherlock adds, “Here, take mine, John and I can share. I’m not that hungry either.” Handing over his container.
Looking down, “Shite. Sorry, so sorry. I didn’t notice in the heat of the moment…” Staggering into the kitchen. Now that the adrenaline is no longer needed, his aches and pains are coming back full force along with the side effects of the pain medication he took.
Sherlock parks and we follow Kevin in, he flips a switch on the wall, turning on lights. We enter a large room with a couple large tables butted against each other lengthwise at the near end of the room. There are a few chairs set around, a computer at one end. There is a woodstove in the corner, a large television on the wall next to it with a small couch facing. Four doors lead off the back of the room, the one behind the kitchen looks like the loo. French doors to a deck on the far wall.
Bunny giggles again, “A couple days later the same man, mind you, the very same man bumps into me on the tube. And yesterday I was at the shops buying groceries and there he was again, only this time he ran his trolley into mine.” She sits back, then adds indignantly, “He broke my eggs!”
“After all this time you still surprise me John.” He has a large grin he reserves for only me. “Your room, you’ll be more comfortable there.”
“I’m sorry. Didn’t mean to disturb you. I’ll just go check to see where Harry went.” The blond man turns to go.
Sherlock gives one more shuddering breath and helps me rise. “No sir, I’ll do this, you go rest.” I start to leave “wait, sir” Sherlock wets a flannel and washes the snot off of my neck.
“She’s been using the coffee table as a crutch, she’ll be walking any day now.” I answer her back.
“You John, inside me.” he groans
Tilting his head as though to a stupid question, “Boredom Doctor Watson. My brother is easily bored. I don’t want to see you end up hurt.”
Thankfully I appease him enough, he takes a deep breath and looks me in the eye. “Both are acceptable and can be used in the same session; hand then paddle.”
Two hours later a well sated Doctor and his Consulting Detective boyfriend exit the restaurant hand in hand. Both men ended up with the halibut in a butter and lemon caper sauce, green salads and a lovely bottle of a crisp chardonnay wine followed by a simple, yet delicious, crème brulèe for pudding along with a cup of coffee. Their waiter was very happy with his customers and the large tip they left.
“Why not, she’s my wife…”
Eyes still closed, breathing slowing. “The pain meds slowed my normal reaction time though.” Yawning, then slurring “They’re finally kicking in now thankfully…”
I look over at Rosie “Well, now what do we do? Greg won’t be here for another three hours… I know! We’ll go find disposable cameras for tomorrow.”
John “Yeah? I can’t imagine I would have survived losing you again. Then mess at Christmas with Magnussen. It was painful to see you hauled away in cuffs to possibly never see you again. I thought for sure you were going to tell me you loved me before you boarded that bloody plane. It kills me that I didn’t say it either. I hate to say that I am somewhat grateful for the debacle your sister Euros created. I am sorry for the loss of lives, but it brought you back to me. London needs Sherlock Holmes, as do I.
“This was a hunting club, there are several cabins scattered around the place. I did dismantle a few, but some of the better built ones I left. Not sure what I’m going to do with them though.” Kevin answers.
“Hmm? No. We’ll go to Angelo’s, no worries.” He glances up “It’s 3 in the afternoon, how quickly can you be ready?” He questions.
Getting ready for bed Friday night John recalls the day he had. It started with a quick trip to town to pick up hot cross buns with Sherlock’s Mum. In the afternoon he escorted Violet to the local Catholic Church around noon for services. Sherlock, Siger and Rosie remained behind at the house. Siger stayed, mainly, to prepare dinner for that evening. Sherlock had no desire to attend church and volunteered to entertain Rosie for the afternoon.
“Ah, Greg. John has a friend there who needs someone to house and dog sit and he thought of us.” Sherlock replies. There is stunned silence around the table. “What?” he asks.
As much as Sherlock begged Greg for a case, the criminal elements were not complying. They headed off to the Holmes estate in Surry, just north of Crawley, on the Thursday before Good Friday. John was grateful Sherlock rented a Range Rover SUV for their road trip to Sherlock’s parents. Between a suitcase full of her clothes, a portable crib, plus spare bedding and enough nappies to spend up to two weeks, let alone her formula, and bottles, Rosie’s supplies alone filled most of the back of the car.
When I open my eyes again Sherlock is sitting across from me in his chair taking a sip of his tea. “Better?” he asks softly. Mrs. Hudson is smiling into her cup from across the room.
The men giggle. “Rosie come here, you’re just in time to put the topper on the tree.”
John and Sherlock in unison again, What?”, still looking far too innocent.
“Yes, I’m John Watson-Holmes. How’s my husband? How is Sherlock?”
“You have a faster recovery than me… you could fuck me while I’m in Molly. We’ll have to go back to the ‘toy store’ and pick up another anal plug. Oh, and more lube, we’ll definitely need more lube. Cock ring! I’ll certainly need a cock ring if I’m to watch you fuck Molly without coming.”
As John gingerly reaches over for the bag, Sherlock raises the head of the hospital bed to ‘sitting’ position, adjusting pillows behind John and himself to prop them upright. Opening the bag, John sticks his nose in and inhales deeply. Slowly a big grin spreads over his face. “You’ll need to try this Sherlock.”
John squeezes out a generous amount of lubricant onto the sheet next to Sherlock then caps the tube. He lubricates up a finger of his left hand and starts rubbing soothing circles on Sherlock’s lower back with his right hand.
“It’s for the hospital, well the day care, they sent an email out asking the ‘mothers’ (spreading his floured specked hands to imply himself) to mix up a batch or two of biscuit dough. They give the children snacks throughout their stay and the staff would prefer something healthier than store bought. They even sent along a few recipes.” Pointing at his laptop on the end of the table. “I started the chocolate chip recipe, we had the ingredients. I’ll need to make a trip to the shops later for some of the ingredients for the oatmeal ones.”
“Yes, we should add Lestrade to dinner as well. He should find out through us rather than other channels.”
“Jawn, I wuv you Jawn.”
ABO AU
Sherlock puts the thermometer on the tea tray, “Alright. So, abdominal cramps… localized?”
I have struggled tremendously since they returned to their home.
Sherlock drove them all in the rental SUV, neither he nor John wanted to reset the baby seat for Rosie. The seat was difficult to say the least to secure in the first place, they had no intention of removing it until they returned the vehicle. John sat in the back with Violet and Rosie, leaving the passenger seat for Siger. Violet seemed ecstatic to have a baby to fuss over and was taking full advantage of the situation.
I give Sherlock another quick kiss then turn us toward our guests as they applaud enthusiastically while taking pictures. I’m holding Sherlock’s hand in mine, he’s gently squeezing it. We’re both grinning like fools.
“Do you know what a thyme plant looks like?” Curious.
“Yes, I am aware of what that means.” Molly blushes a deeper shade of red herself.
September 20th, my new wedding day, or my wedding day since the last one was annulled. Greg insisted that I spend last night at his flat, the ‘bride and groom’ shouldn’t see each other before the ceremony after all. Somehow Sherlock agreed with the arrangements, I’m sure Mycroft had something to do with it. This is the longest we’ll have been apart since I moved back to Baker Street after the fiasco at Sherrinford.
After a quick stop at the main house for their pistols, the drive to the gate is uneventful. When they arrive they are greeted by the sight of three people in dark suits and sunglasses leaning against the side of a black suburban with tinted windows. Sherlock looks them over closely before cutting the engine of the Jeep prior to getting out to unlock the gate. John, in the front seat of the jeep, has one hand on the handle of the .45 semi-auto at his hip, ready to defend his family if need be. The three agents look nervous from Sherlock’s intense scrutiny of them and the surrounding area and John’s unwavering stare.
“I’m at my wits end Mr. Holmes. All I want is contact with my aunt again, the only thing I have ever wanted from her is time together.”
Violet Holmes furiously adds, “You’ve ruined our little boy!”
I know you read this Sherlock so again, THANK YOU!
Back on the road north I look at the sights, the fog is clearing the further North we go. I point out what looks like a high end resort, bathed in morning sunlight, at one location only to have Sherlock laugh at me. “John that’s a prison, San Quentin if I’m not mistaken”.
“Okay, okay.” Snuffle, “Guess we’re both a mess.” Sniffle, “How about, if you ever have to leave again we arrange a nice fake murder-suicide? No one would question me shooting you and then myself in remorse.” Teased.
I can’t see where Sherlock hit the target but if Kevin’s reaction is any indication he’s hit the bullseye once again. Kevin gets Sherlock’s attention “Since you hit that one, try for one of the metal targets further up the hill. They are at 200 and 350-yards.”
“A couple of them have sentimental value Sherlock. We can go through them together later.”
John turns his head toward Mycroft’s voice, “Thank you. Where am I?” drowsily, eyes closed.
Mrs. Hudson had brought up chicken stew for their supper along with a fresh batch of ginger nuts earlier. Rosie is in bed for the night, sleeping peacefully. Sherlock is laying on the couch in his ‘thinking’ position, hands, as though in prayer, fingers on his lips, wearing pajamas and his blue dressing gown. John took a shower and prepared himself similarly for the night.
Sherlock is filling the kettle at the sink as I reply “Sherlock is making dinner for us tonight, hopefully you like Bolognese. I made an apple pie earlier.” Pointing at the counter where the pie was cooling. “We just popped a batch of scones in the oven. You’re just in time for tea.”
The Personal Blog of
“You?!?”
Blushing, John counters, “No, but I would prefer to have their approval. Some people will think I moved on rather quickly after Mary. I grieved longer for you after you faked your death and we weren’t even dating.”
Mike glances at his watch, “I need to head out, and I have a class in a few minutes. Doctor Murray said he’d drop by with a copy of your contract when his shift is over. I’ll stop by later, have the duty nurse call if you need anything before then.”
He gives his head a subtle shake as if to clear it and opens the next email “Kevin lists this one as storage, he’ll send another with the garages. Garages? Plural?” Glancing at me. “Ok, let us see the first picture here. This one is listed as ‘pantry view 1’.” There is a picture of a large bundle of paper rolls, toilet paper, paper plates, napkins, tissue. “Looks like were set for TP for the next year!” He opens ‘pantry view 2’, cans and cans of food; various beans, fruit, tomatoes in every form and other vegetables. There are jars of jam, honey, peanut butter, mustard, mayonnaise, ketchup and more. “Kevin is set for the world to end from the looks of it. Let us see what the next view holds.” Sherlock opens the picture ‘pantry view 3’, flour, sugar, various baking mixes, large cans of ground coffee, several boxes of different teas, assorted nuts, chocolate chips, dried fruit in jars and bags. There are large boxes of oatmeal, Irish oats, grits and wheat cereals.
“You know me John.” Smug.
Lestrade frowns, “The second one looks familiar, I think I arrested her a couple months back for prostitution.” He grabs the catalogue and flips to her picture, “Yes, that’s her, Louisa Brooks. Looks like she was caught again, too bad. The three strikes rule is unfair, they don’t even put you before a Magistrate on the last arrest; guilty even if innocent.”
“I’m coming in Sherlock” and follow words with action. Sherlock is sitting hunched over on the floor, the scent of bile is strong. As I take a step in the door, Sherlock rises, unsteadily to his knees to vomit into the toilet. “Ah, you’re sick I see. How long have you been feeling like this then?” I ask, rubbing Sherlock between his shoulder blades.
4.	Chores
I look at my own fingernails, seeing a few ‘clouds’ but not as pronounced, I had abdominal cramps the other day. Looking back at him, “I believe we’ll need to be tested for Arsenic poisoning Sherlock.” I pronounce much calmer than I feel. “Your symptoms seem to be further along than mine…”
“Everything’s going to be alright, I’ll take good care of you. You might feel a little discomfort at first. Just try to relax now Mr. Holmes.” John changes into a clean latex gloves and picks up the tube of medical grade lubricant. Naked Sherlock, plus lube, equals sexual release to John’s body; he can’t help but feel himself grow yet harder. John swears he can feel pre-ejaculate leaking down his hardening cock.
As they breach the surface of the water, a command can be heard echoing around the docks under the bridge. “Stop fighting me you idiot or you’ll drown us both!”
“I just changed her and put her down for her morning nap, Mrs. Hudson is on her way up to stay with her. Will you come?” the please is silent, but John heard it anyways.
Sherlock is wearing the kangaroo harness with Rosie on his chest when they come back out. He pops the icepack back into the freezer then helps me with my coat and grabs his Belstaff and down the stairs we go. I grab the diaper bag in the hall as he opens the door “Do you want the stroller for the park later?” I ask.
Sherlock and I (well, mostly me) split the remainder of the log rounds that were in front of the house. I found it therapeutic to split the logs and it was a fantastic work out swinging the 8-pound axe. My left shoulder feels stronger and better than before Roberta King put a nail through it. Sherlock was always there to watch me, most times serenading me with the violin as Rosie napped or played with the dogs. Our honeymoon kicked into high gear on the nights I handled the axe. I wouldn’t be surprised if a pile of log rounds ended up behind Baker Street in the near future.
John starts to wrench his arm away as Sherlock whispers low in his ear, “Steady, I know you are a free man. Go along with the show and I’ll get you safely out of here.” Sherlock is rewarded with a small, quick nod. He whispers again, “Good, that’s it relax, I won’t hurt you.” Sherlock pulls a clean monogramed handkerchief from his front pocket. “Here, for your head.”
The container filled with salt from the Dead Sea arrived two weeks later. John noted the address was rather rushed again, almost a recognizable scrawl. John stared at the writing on the box for a long time before breaking the seal to see what was inside.
Doc Angele diagnoses John with an acute kidney infection, he’d had it for a while from the symptom history. They admit John overnight to give him IV antibiotics and bring the fever down. Whatever Mycroft faxed over earlier found John ensconced in a double room by himself and a crib brought in for Rosie. The hospital staff doesn’t even bat an eye that I’m not leaving or sharing John’s bed.
Just then violin music is starting to come out of the restaurants speakers, a song I recall Sherlock playing. He takes my hand and leads me out to the cleared area to dance. I am happy to say I remember everything Sherlock taught me, even surprising him by dipping him at the end and planting a kiss.
I hear John mumble a few times lowly, but it doesn’t make any sense to me.
“Why would we mind?” Violet and Siger reply in unison, “As long as you’re happy.”
“Is he good looking, this new Doctor?”
He looks at me with a big grin “Not sure, I learned from watching you.” He hands Rosie a stuffed bee toy to play with as we eat. He starts to eat his own meal. “Perfect, thank you” as he smiles at me.
“I’ll be in the bedroom.” I leave my phone on kitchen table before limping down the hall to our room. I hear Sherlock puttering around in the kitchen. I strip and lay down on my stomach on the bed, right forearm under my head. I didn’t bother to turn on the lights. I close my eyes to wait, using one of Ella’s breathing techniques to enhance calm.
I have conflicting information on the birthday of John H Watson MD. One website claims it as the death date of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, 7/7/1930. Another site, listed it as 8/7 (no year). As an avid ACD fan I chose to use 7/7/1971 for the purpose of my story. BTW before you can ask I have Sherlock as 1/6/1976. I chose to use Martin & Benedict’s birth years.
I open the door and Sherlock enters with Rosie, we both assist Mrs. Hudson in, then get in myself, followed by Mycroft and Greg. The later and I give one another grins then settle in for the short ride. I exit and help Mrs. H and Sherlock exit. Just before the car door closes Mycroft says “A courier will be by in the morning at 10 to pick up the boxes to ship to California. Kindly have them tagged and ready to go by then.” He then pulls the door shut before I can reply. I wave thank you as the car drives away.
He was greatly relieved at finding two lidded buckets in one corner. One containing stale water. The other is no longer empty after having had to eliminate his bladder.
Changing into faded blue jeans and adding a jumper for extra warmth, John can’t help but notice the tension in Sherlock’s frame. “We don’t have to go if you don’t want to. I’m sure your Mum and Dad would understand.”
I can’t help but burst out laughing. “Git, help me with my tie. Or do you have another clip on?”
John winces as he sits up, head still throbbing, taking a sip of tea before putting the mug back on the table. “Yeah. I love you, you know that don’t you Sherlock? These are not empty words for me, I mean it. I’m not going anywhere.”
Sherlock has me text Greg with our location but took off chasing one of the suspects before NSY arrives with reinforcements. I lose sight of them as they go around the corner between two warehouses. As I follow everything goes black.
“While waiting, I heard a noise behind me. When I turned, a man I didn’t know attempted to punch me. As a former member of the RAMC I am well capable of defending myself, and I did just so. I was able to block the first punch and returned one of my own, knocking down the assailant. That is when I spotted another man coming toward our position.
Meanwhile in the kitchen, Rosie is full and being burped by an extremely annoyed Sherlock who had sworn to be on his best behaviour.
An hour and a half later, John is not to be found when Sherlock goes to check why John has been ignoring his last few texts. There are clear signs of a struggle in the alleyway and what looks like one of John’s loafers. Near the shoe is a broken, bloodstained, pine board with blond and silver hairs on it. In desperation Sherlock tries to call John on his phone, it rings out and goes to voicemail. Next call to Lestrade, then showing just how desperate he is, Mycroft.
“Shower or shave first John?” Sherlock can’t wait to begin.
“John who is this Jack Frost and why is he trying to bite your nose?”
John, walks into the kitchen where Sherlock had just clicked on the kettle. “Rosie didn’t want to go down for her nap. Oh, don’t eat anything yet, I want to draw a blood sample first.” Leaving the baby monitor on the counter.
“So, your Mother is a genius too.” John states, pulling off his vest. He didn’t have a chance to talk much with either Holmes parent the Christmas he and Mary where here last. Mary got the rundown but declined to share most of the information she had amassed.
I grin. “I’m glad I was able to help. I enjoyed myself as well. So today…” I took a deep breath. “Molly will be bringing Rosie back this afternoon around 3. That will give us some time to go through your box and lay down some ground rules. First off though, shower then breakfast, yeah? We forgot to clean ourselves up last night and I don’t know about you but I’m a bit sticky. Join me?” I smile at Sherlock.
I roll my shoulders, the left one is stiff but feels tight but alright considering. “Between it and the now healed broken rib I know when the fog is coming in. We’ll have good weather for tomorrow.” I raise my beer for another sip.
Sher purrs, “Oh, very nice. You’ll leave a lovely corpse.” Lightly grazing long sharp fingernails up John’s muscled torso. “I think this can be improved upon though.” Pointing a sharp fingernail of her left hand into the scar on the front of his left shoulder. “Looks like this was painful, I wonder if I can get my knife through the same hole.” She wonders, staring John in the eye as he glares back, blood slowly trickling down the right side of his face from where Robert hit him.
John wasn’t sure what he should do with his growing collection. Sherlock would know what to do, but even thinking that still hurt too much. As such, John kept the boxes and their packing materials and set up a small shrine on the upper landing on a side table. Each item on top of the box it arrived in, in the order they came, the sombrero on the coatrack next to the table. The only exception was the postcard from Las Vegas he now used as a bookmark.
I smile at his enthusiasm “Sure, let me get a cuppa and I’ll be your man Friday.”
John didn’t realize just how depressed he had become until he received an envelope in the mail that enclosed a CD with “Miss you” penned on it. Slightly panicked, John phoned Sherlock to come to the flat. Mary sent yet another message, this time to the two of them. She encouraged them to remain best friends and stay together.
They finally stole a car! The idiot driver left it running when he went into Starbucks for a coffee. They can’t believe their luck! This was the last thing they needed to be included in the gang. Big Kenny was gonna be so happy with this new Dodge Charger. This thing has all the bells and whistles, a LOT of power and handles like a dream. Best of all, it still has dealer plates!
I just level a look at her and close the curtain around the bed and grab the dustbin in the corner and a pair of gloves. No one complains, now I really want to know what Mycroft faxed over! I help change John into the hospital gown, open in back. John is more coherent as I help him sit on the edge of the bed. “Don’t know how I missed the symptoms.” He slurs, but he is clearer than earlier.
“Now Mr. Holmes, I need to check your prostate. If you would be so kind as to turn around and lean on your elbows on the table, with your back to me please.”
I stiffen at the challenge in his tone. Sherlock starts to laugh “Oh Lestrade, if I didn’t want John to do something do you really think I’d let him?” He continues to laugh and give me a subtle wink without Greg seeing it.
Sherlock nods, “Right. Off we go then.” Putting the idling Jeep in gear and heading further up the hill.
Sherlock is sending text after text on the ride back to Baker Street. He smiles at one reply “Our cake is taken care of, Angelo agreed to make his grandmother’s cake for us along with a tiramisu.” A few more texts. “Mycroft will officiate, says it would be an honour. He’ll have his people hold the Gates, and asks how much more he owes you.” We both chuckle. He sends another text and gets an instant reply. “Molly will be my Best Girl since you have Graham” he gives me a sly smile. “Greg. Who would you like to invite other than my parents and the people at dinner the other night?”
I look back at him. “Yeah. I see where I’ll need to practice a bit with this.” I raise it up and hit my leg with it. Holy shit that hurt! “FUCK!”
“He’s going to be alright Mycroft but I want him to spend the night in hospital just to be sure and to air the building out thoroughly.”
20th August
“Fuck.”
“Food smells good. I haven’t had time to stop since breakfast.” Greg’s stomach growls loud enough to hear across the room.
Sherlock sits in his chair and sighs, “The worst of the effects usually go away if he can fall asleep. He can be sensitive to light for a day or two. Scents no longer bother him, but some flavors do; bacon seems to be one of the worst. His right temple will be tender to the touch when he wakes as well, above that left from the scar.”
I shake my head to clear it a bit. “I hope you have lube in here somewhere Mr. Watson-Holmes because I want you to fuck me!” I growl in his ear, running my hand down to pinch his arse. With a smug grin he reaches over and grabs a tube out of his shaving kit. I should have known. “Do you hide that stuff everywhere?” I laugh out, as I turn on the shower and adjust the temperature.
“Not here Sherlock. I don’t want to talk about it here.” I take a few calming breaths, “where’s Rosie?”
Harry sobs “I need help!”
At the moment she was tucked snuggly in her bed, having succumbed to sleep while her Papa Sherlock read her ‘The Night Before Christmas’ for the fifth time this week alone. Mrs. Hudson departed when her Daddy John carried Rosie upstairs to get her ready for her long winters nap.
Swallowing a mouthful of stew, “What? Something besides the bruises and whip marks?”
Miss Diana O (Last name withheld to protect the innocent) came to us with an interesting issue. A problem that was convoluted and complicated by the laws of the land. Her aunt has beginning stages of dementia and was being taken care of by her selfish, abusive, manipulating granddaughter. Sherlock wasn’t sure we were going to be able to take the case at all until we did a quick observation. After following the aunt and her granddaughter for less than a half an hour Sherlock was furious and I wasn’t too far behind myself.
Sherlock’s voice drops half an octave, “John.”
A few minutes later Sherlock comes down the hall and flicks on the light in the bathroom. The light coming through the glass door illuminates the bedroom in a soft greenish glow. I hear Sherlock wash his hands, open and close the cupboard in the loo before coming into the bedroom, shirtless, leaving the light on behind him.
“Better, the honey is nice. I bet Donovan will just love this story!” he laughs.
I feel my chin again, “Smoother, amazing! Thank you!” I’ve never felt so smooth before, I like it. “Shower time.” I rise and head over to turn on the water as Sherlock finishes putting away the shaving supplies. “Bring the key over when you’re done.” Sherlock quickly straightens himself upright from leaning over the sink. He grabs the key and hurries to my side, I can’t help the smile I have at his haste “Bit enthusiastic yeah?”
Nods, “Clever!” sniffle, “We should get back to packing…”
Sherlock stares at the crop in my hand, “I don’t expect you to draw blood, and I don’t want that. Welts that fade overnight or over a couple of days are preferable.” He reaches into the box and pulls out the rope, neatly wrapped, it’s red and looks like silk paracord. “I prefer to be tied up when hit with the crop.” He still isn’t looking at me.
The rental lorry is stuffed full with boxes filled with John and Rosie’s lives. A full kitchen worth of dishes, cooking pots, pans and utensils along with a microwave, toaster, kettle and a few other small appliances that have never been used for an experiment are also on board. John’s old army duffle bag, footlocker and a newer suitcase hold most of his clothing and personal belongings. Mary’s suitcases hold Rosie’s current sized clothing and soft toys. The few books and DVD’s brought when John moved out of Baker Street and those he purchased since then are packed along with all the photos.
Sherlock breathes out an, “Oh God yes!”
“I love you too Sherlock.”
“Lovely, I look forward to helping eat the leftovers.” John fondly kisses his husband.
This is news to me. “You are? Why?” I ask confused.
“She’s quiet most of the time, mostly she mumbles. She does say ‘dada’ or ‘daddy’ quite frequently. Sometimes Mrs Hudson is ‘nana’. Mycroft said I didn’t talk until I was three, then it was with complete sentences.” Sherlock gives her another spoonful of carrot, half of the jar is gone already.
Rosie smiles and gurgles at the praise, kicking her legs. Sherlock prepares another spoonful as I turn to retrieve the splitter. I find myself smiling on my way down the hall. The splitter is where Sherlock said it would be.
“I know love, but she’s not as young as she used to be. We can’t expect her to be trudging up and down the stairs carrying heavy loads. It’s not good for her hip.”
“Precisely.”
“Good. We should pick up take-out on the way back to Baker Street. There is power in this part of the city.”
I laugh “I’m sure I can keep this one occupied” bumping Sherlock’s shoulder gently with my own. Sherlock blushes.
“I could never do a thing like that to Sherlock though, it would destroy him to think I was unfaithful.”
“You haven’t found the perfect girl then I take it.”
Nodding, “No thanks, I’ll stay here with Sherlock, keep an eye on him and guard the staff. Mrs. Hudson could use a place to stay though.”
John kisses then nips Sherlock’s earlobe before murmuring, “We’ll just have to be quiet then won’t we?”
Sherlock looks John in the eyes, “Rosie will need her own space.”
“Thank you Greg.” Changing the subject, “Is your throat better? I thought the honey might help the cough. Doesn’t look like the bruising will be too bad.”
“Daddy has magic? Do I have magic too? Do I Papa?” Hopping up and down with excitement.
I soothe his back again, tossing the flannel in the sink. I follow his thought, “Mrs. Hudson has been sharing pastries every morning. Said she won a prize at some bakery, free pastries for a month… most have been almond flavoured. Shit!” I look toward the door, “We’ll have to check her as well.”
Sherlock gives his mother a hug, then his father as he says “Thank you, both of you!” He catches Mycroft’s eye and nods his thanks.
Sherlock bounds up the stairs fifteen minutes later. “John!” He rushes over and gives me a hug and a kiss, dropping his bag containing his violin on the couch. “I missed you today.” He is hugging me so tight my suit will wrinkle, but I really don’t mind.
Mike laughing, “John, you were the best of us, you know how much he wanted to keep you. He settled for me thankfully! (Chuckle) Now you’re even better, between your time in the Army and following this one around.” Motioning to Sherlock.
The power had been out all day in their section of the city. It had gone off during the night if the chill in the flat when they awoke late that morning was any indication. The only heat had been that given by the fire John started, now burning merrily in grate. The good doctor also had the foresight to close the doors into the kitchen and landing to keep what heat the fire did generate to stay within the lounge.
Sherlock blinks several times processing what John said. “I. I think so. So I am in fact…” he stalls.
I break off a piece of the second sandwich and place it on his lips “Open up.” He takes it, chews and swallows.
“Relax and breathe for me Mr. Holmes.” John soothes out. “I’m going to insert a finger to check your prostate now, most men find this to be an enjoyable experience. Relax…” circling Sherlock’s arsehole with his slicked finger before inserting. “Remember to breathe.”
“Thanks” I yell over my shoulder as I hastily drive us away. The British Government can get me out of a speeding ticket if needs be! I go as fast as I can drive which is not very on these winding narrow roads. John is still muttering as I pull into the hospital thirty-five agonizing minutes later. I leave both he and Rosie in the car as I run in and loudly demand help. Two orderlies follow me with a rolling bed and help get John inside as I grab Rosie and her bag.
“Yes, well, the clean clothes aren’t going to put themselves away now are they? If you’re so worried about it you can help me.” Adding grumpily, “It’s not like I’ve been traipsing up and down the stairs doing the wash myself.” Seeing a bemused look on Sherlock’s face, John takes a deep breath, “Sorry, I’m sorry. I’m just so bored!”
They arrive back at the flat to a collection of candles waiting on the coffee table, a plate of fresh biscuits and a fire burning in the fireplace thanks to Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock adds wood and stirs up the fire while John heats water on the gas hob for tea. John brings the tray holding tea and take-away into the lounge to find Sherlock had built them a nest of blankets in front of the fire. A couple candles lit on the mantle in front of the mirror.
“You called us in here, I thought you had an interesting body or something.” Sherlock pouts.
Sherlock takes Rosie inside, presumably to put her in the crib.
I shake hands with Mike and Bill thanking them for coming. Then wander back over to greet Mr and Mrs Holmes who have offered to help Mrs. H keep watch over Rosie. Angelo and his wife Nigella arrive and I greet them as well. Angelo assures me everything is ready at the restaurant, his eldest son is there overseeing everything while they’re here. I walk up to where Mycroft is standing near the gate to ask him where Sherlock is. Before I can open my mouth he raises his voice and calls out “Greetings Ladies and Gentlemen. If you would be so kind as to take a seat the ceremony is about ready to begin.”
1.	Bondage
Three FBI agents were assigned to safeguard slash use us for bait. They insisted on their protocols being played out, even with the gaping holes in their plan exposed… Sherlock and I proceeded to follow along to a point. Ultimately we neutralized Kidde, despite assistance from the FBI. Sherlock has a sprained wrist, two of the agents have concussions. I appreciate pack dynamics more than ever as Kevin’s dogs were sitting guarding Rosie without hesitation, even from the FBI Agents.
Things don’t look too good. Thankfully, Roberta trades prisoners with her brother. Sherlock is able to wriggle closer to the worktable he was backed up against and seized a couple bits of wire to try and pick the lock on the cuffs. Robert is too engrossed watching his sister to take guarding Sherlock too seriously; the prisoner is handcuffed, what’s he going to do?
“God I’m messed up, don’t know how you put up with all of it.” John sighs, nods and releases his grip off of Sherlock before standing. He sways on his feet a moment before offering his right hand out to Sherlock who accepts the hand up.
John calmly states, “You know me better than that. I would never make you stop your Work, I know how much you enjoy it.”
Our first stop after getting the jeep is to visit with Kyle and Joan. Sherlock remembered how to find his way back to their house by the good road. They are very friendly and offer to help if we need assistance with anything. Reminding Kevin they’ll be out of town for a week in October themselves along with Sean and his wife. After them we drive up to the top of Buck Peak to see the view and find the brass forestry marker stating the name (Buck Peak) and height (2657 feet).
“I’m here for you, always.” Sherlock murmurs into John’s ear, still caressing his back and neck.
2.	Cock cage
“Just have to remember not to move my arm too much. Forgot in the heat of the moment, I’ll be fine. Let’s finish and go to bed.”
“Sorry, sorry, Doctor Watson. I’m Doctor Vickie Barnes. How are you feeling?” As she walks bedside.
John smiles as he whispers back, “I’ll do my best love.”
On the way back to Baker Street Sherlock’s phone ‘dings’ with a text message. He glances at it and tells the driver to go to another address. The tailor. My suits are ready for a rough fitting apparently. As we walk in Jorge greets us, Sherlock requests the Tuxedo be finished first, hopefully by the wedding in two days.
“Be back in a bit, don’t lock the door!” Greg bids as they hear his heavy footfalls go back down the hall, then down the stairs.
“John you’ll be coming home with me when I’m released.” Sherlock declares, wincing.
I step behind Sherlock placing a hand on his shoulder. “Harry, do you want to get clean and sober? We can help you with that if you are serious about it. I won’t force you if you don’t want to at least try. I love you, but not when you’re drunk.”
Adjusting his tie in the mirror over the burning fireplace, “Yes” John answers firmly.
After dinner I watch as Sherlock gives Rosie her bath and puts her to bed. We’re both by her cot humming a lullaby as Rosie falls asleep. I hid the key to Sherlock’s cock ring in Rosie’s room, I wonder how long it will take for Sherlock to deduce where I placed it. I whisper “Grab the key before you leave, I’ll be waiting upstairs.” I do an about turn and leave.
I look up to see Kevin still gaping at the two of us. Sherlock is back to looking at pictures. I shrug and look at the pictures over Sherlock’s shoulder again, putting my phone back in my pocket. Sherlock brought up another set of pictures showing blood on one wall. This looks similar to the previous picture. Sherlock enlarges the photo and I spot a similar footprint off to one side “Sherlock” I point it out.
“Ah, then we are in need of coffee.” Turns to head up the stairs and stops, turning his upper body back “Oh, and some milk if it’s not too much.”
Turning his head and peaking his left eye open John grins back “It’s not every day I shoot someone to save a person I just met. I didn’t know you felt that way… explains a lot.” Places his hand over Sherlock’s on his shoulder.
Looking very serious Sherlock wonders, “Are you going to invite Major Sholto?”
“This is a lovely jumper Sherlock, thank you!”
“They didn’t all appear clearly, did you have burning when you peed before?” John reaches for the specimen jar. “I’ll hold the cup, you do the rest.”
Molly, Rosie and Mrs. Hudson arrive back at the table much more composed as Harry is placed gently into the back of the panda car by Greg. He hands the page with the address to the officers in front, talking with them a moment. He then turns to give another note to the tow-truck driver. His job done, he comes back inside.
All the fight leaves John, he nods and allows Sherlock to help him rise and change into his own clean pyjama bottoms then the blue silk dressing gown Sherlock purchased earlier.
Mycroft nods at me reading my thoughts. “Yes, but are you willing to admit needing help?”
Kevin still smiling, “Quite right, I never pass up an opportunity to play with fireworks! It’s not supposed to rain until late tomorrow again. I have plenty of extra wood down by the fire pit, figure we can have a fun time of it before you have to head home.”
Harry nods her head. “I want to John, I don’t know if I’m strong enough… God I’ve messed so much up! I miss Clara, she’s getting married again, did you know? No, how would you. You don’t call me anymore!” Angry and yelling by the end.
Sherlock grunts “Hurts. I don’t think it’s broken though, just bruised.”
“I was invalided out at the rank of Captain.”
“So let’s see, I’m crossing of Needles/Piercing and Inversion from your list and Spanking from mine. We both have denied orgasm and cock cage for punishment, hum. For reward Riming, Fellatio. You like to give head as well as receive equally? Interesting. Clarify hanging, you don’t mean like a noose around your neck?”
“That’s enough, you need to take it easy. Let’s get you into bed and I’ll give you something for the pain.”
“You’ll do as I say or you will answer to the British Government.” John informs her, still channelling his inner Captain, while dialling the man in question.
John is bustled off to hospital, Sherlock rides in the ambulance.
“Santa Claus.” John finishes with a nod.
John comes to, feeling dizzy, shoulders stiff, and very cold with a pounding headache. Trying to take the stiffness out of his shoulders he discovers his hands are tied behind his back. Looking across the room at the dim figure in the shadows “You’ve made a huge mistake.” He growls.
Sherlock snorts, “She’s an imbecile, I’ve worked with her before. Sorry, please continue.”
Spotting movement inside the far building, “But I don’t think they’ll get here in time. Looks like they’re planning on leaving any minute. They are quickly running out of boxes to put in the van.” John points out.
“Do you know you’re out after curfew? I’ll need to see your identification.” Orders the young, white male uniformed officer with sandy brown hair, who disembarked from the driver side asks clicking on his torch. He shines the light in the mans face.
“We should find someone for Lestrade, he needs someone to take care of him” Sherlock hastily changes the subject.
