“Why would I do that?  This is a stately home for tourists, not some playground for a bunch of pseudo-athletes with questionable tastes in amusement.”
John opened his eyes and lifted his head.  He had a rather charming view up Sherlock’s nose.  He studied the shape of each nostril.  One was slightly smaller than the other.  How had he never noticed?  What other secrets of Sherlock’s body would he uncover?  He wanted to nuzzle his navel and run his hands up his hairy calves.  He wondered what a flat chest would feel like against his own.  Would it be pleasurable to rub their pricks together?  What would Sherlock taste like?  John wanted to know.  He’d waited this long, but he would gladly wait some more as long as he could just be close to him like this.
John wiped his hands on his trousers, reached into the case, and held up a beautiful beaded dress.  She took it from him, held it up to her ageing body, and laughed.
“You need my fingers for a while?” Sherlock usually loved playing with John’s hole first, touching it, stretching it, rubbing his own cock across it, reveling in the sensation.
“Mine are very sensitive,” said Sherlock at length, lifting himself up a bit on his elbows and giving John a chance to breathe.
Owens licked his lips.  “You can press them,” he offered, to John’s surprise.  “It’s not hard.”  He got up then, disappeared for a moment, and returned with a ornate metal frame, which he handed to John.  Inside was a flattened thistle.  “That was my mother’s,” he said quietly.  “My dad gave it to her when they married.  She was from Perth.”
John cycled through the facts, cursing his slightly-higher-than-average mental prowess.  If he could only think like Sherlock.  Every moment wasted Lillian was getting closer to the man he loved with her pointy little needles...
“Granted, I don’t know what year they were made just by looking at them,” he said.  “They’re old, that’s certain, but the leather’s decay would be accelerated by being submerged.  I’ll have to examine the soles and insoles. The size of the shoe is a general indicator of the wearer’s height, and width helps determine weight.  Tread is very important; wear patterns can reveal what type of work the wearer might have done, or if he had any particular walking habits.  The heels, for instance.”
When he returned home, he made his way to the east wing, slipped past the tarp, and pulled the tapestry from its hangers.  He dragged it over to the side so it was clear of the door.
First of all, his mouth was huge, compared to most women’s.  His lips, and, oh God, his tongue.  That, yes, made the difference, simply the fact that his mouth was larger and stronger than that of a woman’s.  But also his teeth, which were doing something that obviously took practice, were in on the deal, yet John felt no concern for the safety of one of his most sensitive body parts.  And the suction. Sweet baby Jesus, he was being sucked, literally sucked, as if Sherlock were really trying to vacuum the come right out of him. Somewhere in the back of his mind John made a note to check his lover’s soft palate for petechiae.
John shifts in his sleep.  His hand, at least, realises its location and gives me a bit of a grope.  I tilt my hips into it, press my cock into his palm.
John let Sherlock play with his hair a bit more, and then was suddenly rather worried.  “Will it bother you?  To be seen with me?  Old, decrepit Grandpa John?  Will you still find me attractive?”
Sherlock turned to the window and muttered something that, to John, sounded remarkably like the words “Body. Singular.”
“So what’s today’s research?” John asked as he set his bag down and settled himself into a leather chair.
“I can’t be sure without the original,” griped Sherlock.  “I never paid attention to it.  It was wood and opened like this one, but besides that, I couldn’t tell you how old it was or what company made it.”
The dog barked and ran forward, stopping in front of John, tail wagging and tongue out.  John reached down to stroke its head.
Lestrade turned up Magic FM, the conversation having taken a turn toward nonexistent three exits ago.  John stared ruefully at the cars to his left.  A bored teen smacked chewing gum while she clandestinely checked her phone.  The man in the car next to hers was picking his nose.  And no one was going anywhere.
Sherlock held out his hand for the tea.  Someone was just as pretentious as his brother.  “Not particularly.  I like roses.  I enjoy being in gardens.  Very good places to think.  I am also fascinated by bees.  It was my father’s passion, so naturally I picked up on a bit of it.  Interesting chemistry involved.  Decay is much more interesting than growth, to be honest.”
“Mmm.  Finger?”  His eyes are still closed, but he rolls over, scooches up on the bed until he’s semi-reclining against the headboard, and spreads his legs so I can settle between them.  He looks so young, so handsome.  He’s not even embarrassed to ask for what he wants anymore.  And I am more than happy to oblige.  He’s so wet from my mouth, but he responds best with a bit of lubricant, so I reach over and fumble in the nightstand drawer for my favourite lubricant for oral sex -- sweet almond oil.  It has a pleasant smell and blends with John’s body chemistry perfectly, not masking his natural odours but rather blending with them harmoniously.  I use one hand to part his cheeks again, and drizzle some oil directly on his anus, where it shimmers before sliding down.
“You’re not wrong, John. But let me ask you - does it really matter? Now, today - does that experience matter anymore, to the life you’ll be living going forward?”
“Here’s the CCTV, John.” The door opened with a squeak and a clunk, and Sherlock entered, brandishing a USB stick between finger and thumb. He crossed the tiny space to tap his own Morse code of impatience on the keyboard of an ancient desktop machine next to the over-sized monitor, which groaned to life with a whir of the hard drive as he inserted the stick and peered at the screen. With a flip of this coattails, he settled on a tall chair in front of the set-up. When the dark, grainy footage appeared, John stepped up behind his friend and set down a second cup of tea with a nudge against Sherlock’s elbow.
He put down his supper half-finished, appetite draining away. He’d have to be careful, that’s all. Be sure. Be certain before he acted. That’s all.
Sherlock had said it before as well, with the proper gravitas so important a truth demanded; feelings were not his area, so admitting to such a one as love was something he had to work up to. At the moment however, his chest felt so full that something must be done to relieve the pressure. He took a deep breath. “John,” he rumbled, his voice cracking a bit, “John-”
“Ah - yes, that reminds me,” Sherlock shoved a hand deep into one of the pockets of his greatcoat and produced a lumpy package wrapped in a clean cotton handkerchief. “Don’t let them see you using this, or it’ll be no pudding for a fortnight!” His mock-stern frown and shaken finger were so unexpected as to make John burst out with a startled giggle as he accepted the package.
The woman spluttered her outrage for a minute or so, then muttered something that sounded suspiciously like “looks like the wrong one is the patient,” and stomped out of the room, pink tablet clutched to a pink bosom, fingers white with the tightness of her grip.
John watched him for a moment, nonplussed. “So...” he drawled, perplexed at his friend’s about-face willingness to sit still again, “what are you doing, now?”
John leaned closer, his other hand coming to rest at Sherlock’s waist. “I liked watching you like me in that suit,” he said quietly. He pulled Sherlock closer, pressing their bodies together from sternum to knees, and Sherlock could feel the warmth of him, the strength of him, and the hardness pressing into his thigh. His body hastened to react, and his hands slipped around to John’s lower back, fingers flexing.
“John, it’s alright,” Duck soothed, his ragged voice breathy and soft. “You don’t have to decide now. You don’t have to do anything now, other than absorb this realization about yourself.”
John’s hand in his hair stilled, and he tried to peer down at Sherlock, who tightened his grip to keep his face hidden. “Hey now,” John said, “Sherlock?” He slipped the arm from under his own head, underneath Sherlock to curl around him, enclosing him in a cage of his solid body. Sherlock could feel the thump of his heartbeat where their chests pressed together.
Aunt Brigid and Uncle Tim had rescheduled their train for early afternoon instead of that evening, and took their leave to go up and pack. Aunt Brigid hugged each of them tightly as they said their goodbyes. When it was Sherlock’s turn, she kissed him soundly on the cheek and whispered in his ear “Take care of him, and welcome to the family.” He couldn’t help but grin. When Aunt Brigid finished with John, he stepped back from her and nodded gravely to whatever she had said to him.
Suddenly Sherlock became aware of fingers snapping in front of his nose. “Sherlock, hey, Sherlock? C’mon now, this is more scary than the best friend thing, really. Come back, now. Hey, Sherlock?” He blinked one more time and the mildly concerned and mostly amused face of John Watson swam back into view, much closer than when he had last seen it. John was half knelt in front of Sherlock’s chair, leaning in, hand resting warmly on Sherlock’s knee for balance. It was as if all bodily awareness in Sherlock’s mind narrowed down to that point, John’s hand on his knee.
He put his head into the next room, where an open-door party was in full swing. “The room, next door – has anyone been in there in the last half hour?” He demanded shortly. Ten or so heads turned in his direction and regarded him owlishly. No one spoke, though several mouths hung open. Given the aroma in the air, he would need to speak more slowly. “Did. Anyone. Go. Into. The room. Next. Door?”
“There is such a thing as bisexual, you know,” he said forcefully. “Sherlock makes me happy. What’s wrong with that?” He had stood up straight, bristling with offended annoyance.
Silence stretched, thick and cottony in the tiny protected room. Behind Sherlock’s shoulder, slow-motion figures oozed across the video screen like grainy ghosts. John felt the quiet weighing on him, along with Sherlock’s stare, until he couldn’t bear it. “And you did fine - it was, ahem, it was lovely.” His face flamed and cast about in the bare room for something to look at other than Sherlock, then gave up as there was nothing to look at except the screen behind his friend’s back.
So it had come as a bit of a shock to come back to 221B and not be able to find that comfortable feeling anywhere. The flat felt hollow even when he had clients or visitors in. He rattled around like a pinball through the rooms when he was there by himself. He had come to welcome Mrs. Hudson’s little visits simply to fill the silence with a friendly voice. He even had played games with
Sherlock regarded him frostily. “Aren’t you going to laugh, or ask why, or protest that a man of my age couldn’t possibly be one after all this time?” he tried to stand up, but was prevented by John’s grip on his arm.
Sherlock suddenly sucked in a deep breath and blew it out, breaking the stare to examine his shoes. “So, that… happened.”
After that, the gesture wasn’t even needed; Sherlock would give John one of his top-to-toe scrutinies, and, according to some criteria he did not deign to share, either embrace John for as long as they cared to, or launch into whatever topic was on his mind at the moment. John caught him making spot checks from time to time if John seemed distracted, and was sure to offer a hug at the slightest provocation. Perhaps Sherlock was as touch-starved as John was discovering himself to be? Sherlock held him like he was convinced John would push him away at any moment - careful, so careful - and John got the sense that he was memorizing each instance as it happened.
His feet felt unexpectedly constricted in the thick-soled, brown leather oxfords (his favorites, actually) that Sherlock had brought him to wear home, along with a set of his regular clothes. The jeans and button-down felt weirdly snug as well, after two weeks of loose-fitting hospital gowns, pajamas and exercise clothes. John had been resigned to trekking home in his track pants and trainers, since that was what was here, but Sherlock had arrived with all he would need to dress and laid it out on the bed while he was in session with Duck.
John grinned. “Got it in one. And yeah, I don’t take my phone with me to sessions. Don’t really have pockets.” And he knew if Sherlock came across a case, he would send a text, and John would be powerless to resist the siren call of checking it. Not the most conducive to honest self-examination if he’s distracted by how dull Lestrade is being, or whether a dog-walker could have murdered someone to protect their rare-breed charge. He huffed a breathy chuckle at the thought and scruffed his fingers through his hair to dislodge the leaf Sherlock had mentioned.
“You. Fucking. Wanker!” he punctuated his words with punches to the suspect’s face, already bleeding and swelling. The big man John was straddling groaned and tried to plead through a split lip and cracked teeth. John struggled against the hands holding him back, dragging him off the whimpering man, who curled into a protective ball as John was hauled to his feet.
When Sherlock emerged from his blinking, stunned silence and looked around, he was glad to realize that John had not been there to witness it. How could he explain that a simple gesture - barely a peck on the mouth - had been the most unexpected, possibly world-altering thing that had ever happened to him? He’d had kisses before, of course; for cases mostly, or from relatives, and one or two experiences when he was younger. This was different. This was
John’s stance relaxed, dropping the rigid outrage it had held. “Bloody hell, Sherlock. A little warning next time, yeah?” He ran a hand through his hair and blew out a breath. “Do we have to do this now? Only I was packing.” He waved the package in his hand again, seeming to notice he was still holding it. “And what about-“
John jumped up from the floor to grab at Sherlock’s coat, flipping it open and turning his friend’s torso to the light. Sherlock was wearing dark trousers and a deep blue shirt, so the staining didn’t show until the light hit it and made the wetness gleam, a glimpse of bright red peeking through a tear in the fabric. “Sherlock, what the hell?” John gasped. “Why didn’t you tell me you were hurt?” He hastened to pull his friend’s shirt from the waistband of the trousers, slowing to move more gently when Sherlock hissed through his teeth and flinched away. “Sorry, sorry. When did he even have a chance to slash you? He knocked me over but I wasn’t down more than a second or two...oh my god.”
“Mr. Davies, I think you’ll want to talk to me,” Sherlock’s cultured, deep voice rolled in stark contrast to the light tones of the bill-counter, who John was surprised to learn was the Mack Davies that wanker had described back at the Yard. The kid had made him sound like Freddie Krueger in a slim tie and waistcoat, and this scrawny git didn’t look all that terrifying. His sidekick, however... well. That bloke was bad news if John was any judge.
There was a beeping by his head. Was his alarm going off? The sound was intensely irritating, but John couldn’t seem to muster the strength to reach out and turn it off.
John blew out a long breath. He hadn’t been asleep, not really, but the memories he’d been wandering in were certainly bad enough to qualify. “I guess I was,” he said. “Er, thanks.”
John’s Aunt pulled him into a tight hug, and then dropped a kiss on an awkward Sherlock’s cheek, whispering “I’m so happy for you, after all this time.” Sherlock regarded her with wide eyes, surprised by her perception. He nodded, flashing a brief smile.
“One, I get to pick your wardrobe for the trip. It wouldn’t be believable if I were to choose to be with a dowdy old man, so your usual jumpers and button downs will have to be… upgraded.”
He suspected that John didn’t want to impose, since to John, Sherlock was playing a part only to fool that step-woman-relative. John mostly let Sherlock set the pace of their practice, his natural reticence keeping his hands to himself except when he flagrantly made a move or rarely, forgot himself when distracted. Sherlock began to wonder if John would be able to keep up his side of the pretense; for a couple as new as he and John would be playing, surely they would be rather affectionate? Would Marjorie believe it if they barely held hands and just patted each other’s knees? Sherlock couldn’t imagine that would impress anyone.
“Yes. That it did,” John agreed. He rubbed at the back of his neck. “Er - is it alright? You’re not upset?”
Sherlock couldn’t hide how much he enjoyed the praise. His eyes sparkled and color graced his high cheekbones. He lounged back in the shabby guest chair, moving from topic to topic while his smile came and went and the crows’ feet by his eyes crinkled deeply with contentment.
“Had you ever considered anything with him? It’s not unheard of in situations like that. Were you intrigued, or disgusted, or anything?” Duck persisted. “We’ve not talked about anything along these lines before, so I’m just trying to get a feel for where you fall on that spectrum, y’see.” He leaned back in his chair, entirely relaxed and apparently only academically interested.
Kudos to EllieSaxon, who spotted my utterly cunning plot twist way back in Chapter 2! Brainy is the new sexy, you know.
His hands hung down in front of him; his knuckles dripped blood on the pavement. He should probably have them looked at, though he couldn’t feel the pain now. He stared at his fingers, fascinated with the spots of red as they landed between his feet.
So it was with some hopeful interest that John noted the entrance of a white-coated person, likely his physician, who closed his door as she entered. He breathed a sigh of relief - he had worried his doctor would be someone he knew, either from his job at the surgery or in his work with Sherlock. This woman was tall and thin, and about six months pregnant; radiant with good health and solemn with her duty. “Hello, I’m Doctor Harrington,” she said. “How are you feeling, Doctor Watson?”
Sherlock was utterly fascinated with the nape of John’s neck; it was illogically ridiculous how much he wanted to taste it, smell it, bite it, rub the tip of his nose and then his lips back and forth across the nobs of John's cervical vertebrae. He had imagined it a thousand times, but had only summoned up the courage to stroke the innocuous stretch of skin lightly with long fingers as he walked behind John’s chair. The sound of the breath John had sucked in as he did so had its own display cabinet in the new mind palace room, and the flush that migrated from John’s cheeks back to his nape was in pride of place beside it.
The next day was Sunday; Sherlock looked forward to Sundays more than he probably should. It was the day most likely to involve John lounging around in the flat in his pajamas, cajoling Sherlock into eating breakfast with him and having a lazy day together. Or rather, each having their own lazy day, at the same time, in the same flat. Not
Sherlock craned his head to try and recapture their connection. “You know I would be willing, er, glad to… talk… with you about anything you might need, yes?” He blew out a frustrated breath when John did not look at him. “I want to help,” he offered, again with that careful, tentative note in his voice that made John’s churning belly clench with guilt.
Now, as an adult with firearms training, John realized his wrist would have been too weak to keep his aim steady when the little pouch he’d tied in was released. Even the most carefully lined-up shot would have wobbled as the muscles straining against the pulled rubber pushed forward when that tension was released, driving the pebble into the ground or off to either side. He frowned again, and brought up his browser. Some people hunted with slingshots, he knew, so how did they compensate?
John was relieved. He had heard from other family members that Marjorie had thrown herself into her work and was a successful research chemist, but not much else. He was glad she had found something to distract her from that stupid promise; he’d never be what she wanted, and he wasn’t inclined to try. He replied -
John grinned widely as the recognition from his friend settled warmly in his chest. He scrolled back to reread the exchange, pleased with his contribution, and the picture again caught his eye. He gazed at it, tracing the lines and contours of Sherlock’s long, lean neck with his eyes, observing the marks of pigment like drops of paint on marble. There was one that he kept coming back to; a little mark nestled in the shadow formed by a lean jaw and the prominent Adam’s apple. He stroked a fingertip across the picture. The touch expanded the photo to full screen and John gasped faintly when a sudden shiver traveled up the back of his neck, accompanied by a pulse of heat in his groin that shocked him with its strength. His mouth filled with saliva and he swallowed convulsively, licking his lips. They tingled, and he wondered how they would feel pressed against the little dark spot that had so captured his attention.
She wished John luck and continued improvement, and he wished her luck with impending motherhood. Both of them laughed at the way Rosie’s tiny fingers got caught in Dr Harrington’s necklace as she indulged in one more cuddle; even Sherlock flashed his fleeting smile at the charming picture.
Sherlock looked up from his screen, the bluish light tingeing his skin with an ethereal glow, and pursed his lips again while considering his answer. “I’m looking at my email, John,” he said, as though he wondered if John had sustained a previously unrecognized head injury, given that John had missed something so obvious.
John watched all this with amusement coupled with dismay. When it seemed like Sherlock would get out the door without another word to John, he blurted, “Sherlock -”
Lady Grey’s eyes glittered; challenge accepted. “By all means, dear man.” She also seemed unaffected by their proximity, but Sherlock could tell it was a bluff by the force of her fingers digging into his bicep. He resolved to courteously accompany her to meet her fans. Not long now, and he’d have John all to himself.
He hustled over to the corner to collect the nappy bag, and in moments had Rosie all packed up, jacket and shoes on and ready to go. He headed for the door with a sort of wild-eyed briskness, informing Rosie that yes, they were going back home and yes, there would likely be lunch waiting.
John rolled his eyes. “It’s not the stretching I mind; it’s the standing on one leg while all pretzeled up!” Duck snorted a short laugh at that, and John blew out a sigh. He knew Duck would not be swayed, and that he’d feel a right tit stretching his arms up and balancing on one leg like some Swan Lake ballerina. However, that one time he’d achieved the position Duck was trying to show him (”you’ll like this one - it’s called ‘Warrior One’”) and held it for more than a moment - his adductors and rectus femoris quivering in his thighs, head tilted back, arms wobbling but pointed to the ceiling - he had felt the way his body had settled into the pose and had experienced a taste of the strength of it. He could understand why Duck enthused about yoga so much after that - though he wasn’t sure how much more of it he wanted to do.
A photo of a nondescript tree came through, bright with the phone’s flash, showing a brownish scrape and Sherlock’s pale hand, pointing.
“And you care about Sherlock,” Duck prompted, his quiet rasp breaking in on John’s revelations and recriminations.
John looked down at his feet. “Yeah, mostly, I guess.” He gazed out the window a moment, gathering his thoughts. “Duck suggested that I might go home soon.” His hands found each other in his lap, and twisted together tightly. “I’m not so sure.”
Sherlock shifted uncomfortably on the sofa for a moment; turning over to face the room but not opening his eyes. He didn’t like to dwell on the period that followed – his slide into despair, locked in a cell as he was informed he would be sent to Serbia on Mycroft’s suicide mission, leaving John unprotected with his wife a still-unknown factor. The drugs were the only way to cope, really. With his confinement, with the scene on the tarmac, with the emotional sendoff that he thought was the last time he would ever see John’s earnest face. He wanted to speak his feelings aloud in that moment, more than almost anything - but couldn’t bring himself to do it when he realized his last memory of John would be uncomfortable hemming and hawing over the unexpected sentimentality. Much better to make him laugh, and cherish the wry lines of the crow’s feet by his friend’s eyes and the strength of their hands, clasped together.
Except for Marjorie – she emailed every night. At least a sentence or two, but often more. John read them guiltily and replied rarely, knowing her preoccupation with him was probably not healthy. By his third month in country, her emails started to seem unreal; unconnected with what he understood as the daily reality of war. He answered even less often, and her messages begged for replies. Eventually, the guilt grew to be too much, and he sent her a message:
“It’s just a shopping ba- hang on, wasn’t the last kid carrying that? It looks like the same shiny fabric, at least.” John squinted at the bag over the woman’s shoulder. It seemed full of something angularly lumpy, and hung awkwardly against her back. It was definitely the same bag, or at least one of the same brand, John decided.
John’s brow furrowed and he frowned, jerkily taking a deep drink of his water. He’d had many lovers in his time, enough that he’d had a reputation in the army as a bit of a Casanova. He absolutely loved the female body, with its soft curves and fragrant, secret places yielding slick pleasure upon pleasure. Just thinking of past lovers made his prick give a twitch. He wouldn’t say he had a type; tall or short, slim or curvy, blonde or brunette or ginger, skin like cream or café au lait or ebony, all had caught his eye at one time or another. His lovers had not complained of him; they’d been complimentary about his skills even though attempts at lasting relationships had failed. The realm of the carnal had been one place where he felt he knew himself well, and was rightfully proud of his prowess.
“Rosie,” he said, “open up.” She refused. He held out the spoon and waited. “Rosie... Open. Up.” Her wide eyes watched him, and she smiled faintly. Still she refused, mouth tightly shut, staring at him in brazen refusal. John’s own jaw tightened at her defiance, and he pressed the spoon to her lips, to force the food into her mouth. She turned her head to the side and her face screwed up in preparation of a wail.
“I had the gun up and pointed at a killer who was running straight for me, what do you think I was going to do with it? Throw it at him?”
"Let's get this over with." Sherlock stepped over the arm of his chair and dropped sulkily into the seat, ignoring John's raised eyebrows. "You are obviously angling to have me try one of your 'relaxation techniques,'" he sneered, "so just get on with it. What's my mantra, 'Vatican cameos?' No, that will make us tense. 'The silence of the mountain enfolds me?' No? 'I'm a little teapot?'"
“Welcome, Friends, to the Looking Glass Cabaret!” She called, her body mic amplifying her voice to the back of the room. “Tonight we encourage you to celebrate along with us, on this, the occasion of our UnBirthday! Come down the rabbit hole, my cats and kittens, and see what awaits you in this house of naughty nonsense and scandalous whimsy!” She cracked the whip in her hand, and the lights came up on the dancing couples, who were revealed to be dressed in costumes of cats, rabbits, wolves, birds and other animals - if those animals had also been human-shaped BDSM kinksters. Their masks and makeup were excellent: feathered or furred and lifelike, with tails or claws in the right places and the metal on their zippered leather-esque outfits gleaming in the brightened lights. Sherlock realized with some surprise that the members of each dancing couple were bound together; some with handcuffs, some with chains connecting collars or belts, a few with elaborate rope-work around their forearms or waists, binding them tightly to one another. It added a somewhat disturbing note to the lighthearted dance party.
He stepped back to his suit and put on the waistcoat and jacket, hurrying to do up the buttons, then stepped back into a motionless Sherlock’s personal space to look up into his eyes. “Look, when this stupid wedding is over, we’ll talk about this week and… and what it… we’ll talk. Okay?”
Sherlock was back in his chair with John’s laptop replaced where it had been as the sound of the water turning off in the bathroom sink alerted him to John’s return. So, he had finally replied to the whatever-woman. And a cool reply at that; not exactly a brush off, but in no way as enthusiastic as her initial message. John was less invested in this person than she was in John. Or perhaps actually disliked her? And John had said ‘having good friends helps.’ Was Sherlock included in that category? John had said Sherlock was his best friend. Did John know, at least on some level, how much Sherlock wanted to help, comfort, be there for him? Sherlock felt a little frisson of something when he thought of John appreciating his presence; of him ‘helping.’
Sherlock steepled his fingers under his chin and wondered how soon he could break into John’s email and look at them for himself. Something seemed a bit off with John and this part of his family Sherlock had never met and rarely heard about. Aunt Brigid and Uncle Tim were perfectly ordinary people; he had met them at John’s wedding. There had been no talk of Tim’s children at the time, and they hadn’t been on the guest list. He wouldn’t have deleted it if it had come up; nothing about John stayed deleted.
John blinked; then remembered the words he had said to convince Marjorie to stop crying the last time they had talked. He chuckled weakly as he said “Ah, you remember that, do you? Well, I’m flattered.”
The two of them were backed into a corner by a matched pair of thick-necked thugs whose heavy eyebrows and low foreheads gave them a look of bestial menace. Equally threatening were the long knives they each held low and at the ready. John showed his open hands, trying to look harmless.
“There was a lot of fighting, and my old man... was a drinker. A mean drunk, hit my mum more times than I can count, hit me, hit Harry. When she came out, he got meaner still. Vicious. Said once he’d beat it out of her, there weren’t no queer Watsons, threatened to have one of his mates ‘give her what she needed.’” Unconsciously, John’s voice took on a different accent, a coarser, deeper register, as he mimicked his father’s threats. “I cut in on that fight before he could really get going on her, and he dislocated my shoulder. She moved out the next day.”
Sherlock looked around the room and then snugged his scarf up around his neck. “I’m afraid I’ll have to go, though. I’ll need to look at the scene and see if I can find where the killer stood to shoot - I might learn more about how tall they are, or maybe they dropped something that would identify them.” He looked at John apologetically. “I’d wait until tomorrow when you could come along, but there’s rain in the forecast tonight.”
John turned and led the way back to the scaffolding. Once there, they each unclipped the other and hung their carabiners and harnesses on the appropriate pegs. Sherlock donned his coat with his usual dramatic swirl and settled it over his back with obvious relief, popping the collar and hunching his shoulders to cover his ears against the chill.
John’s brow furrowed as he tried to process this totally unexpected occurrence. His eyes opened, and he peered up into Sherlock’s face. His carefully impassive face, wiped clear of any indication that he might have just bestowed anything so ridiculous as a peck on the forehead to anyone, ever. John knew Sherlock well enough to tell when he was covering, and he looked for any tiny indication of what might be going through his friend’s hyperactive brain. And then he looked for any sign that Sherlock wanted to step back and end the moment. And then, he just looked.
“It’s not up for debate, Sherlock. I’ve seen your head cracked on the pavement once already, and it’s not a good look on you. Now you will put! This! On!”
Sherlock, hovering near the bed like an attentive, well-dressed guard dog, came to his rescue. “Perhaps we could return to the matter at hand, Doctor? What needs to happen to allow John to be released from here and moved on to the facility?”
Sherlock was deep in thought as he walked, brow furrowed and fingers steepled together against his lips. They tapped impatiently in time with his steps.
The next morning, John just... didn’t get out of bed. He lay there, eyes closed, not asleep but pretending to be in case anyone checked on him.
“Goliath, John. Killed with a stone hurled from a sling! The pathways there are rough cobblestone, and some of them always come loose.” Sherlock was texting rapidly now. “I’ll bet you a fiver that the murder weapon was a rounded stone, shot with a slingshot of some sort. It’s probably lying there on the ground where he fell, and forensics just thought it was part of the landscape.” He hit ‘send’ with gusto on the last text, and looked up. “That was very good, John. What on Earth made you think of Goliath?”
“You looked like you could use it,” Sherlock said soberly. “And it seemed to help, earlier. Alright?” The tall body clasping him held a taut rigidity, ready to spring away at the tiniest hint of rejection.
At that moment the door to the back room opened and Gary-aka-Spike entered again. Davies called over his shoulder “Gary, did you hear? Someone’s killed that slag of yours, Amanda.”
“John-” the plea touched something in John’s chest; Sherlock had that look of pained hopefulness back on his ascetic features.
Sherlock had not stopped his monologue disparaging their victim. “Just look at him, the man is built like a side of beef, all craggy eyebrows and tree-trunk legs and grapefruit biceps. It’s a wonder he can turn his head at all, his neck is so thick.” He was watching John out of the corner of his eye now, a sly curve to the line of his lips. John felt his composure slipping, his restrained chuckles threatening to break out into full on laughter. “No signs of keen intelligence, though. He probably has a nickname like ‘Brick’ or ‘Concrete Romano’ or ‘Bag of Hammers Luca’ and thinks it’s a compliment.”
his dream-self strained into the touch shamelessly, chasing the release he had denied himself while awake. A well-known voice rumbled unintelligible reverences into his ear, urging him on.
Sherlock’s thoughtfulness had made John’s throat tighten a little when he arrived back in his room, but when Sherlock approached for a now-customary hug, John froze with panicked certainty that his inconvenient feelings would somehow communicate themselves through touch. Instead he had thanked his friend somewhat stiffly and hurriedly stepped into the loo to change and splash a little water on his face, shutting Sherlock and the confused frown on his lean face on the other side of the door.
and he saw it. Not far from the head of the hammer, drenched wet with gore and quite unlike any of the jagged chips of concrete or sharp fill stone of the construction site. He gasped. “A cobblestone…”
When John was dressed in trousers and a buttoned shirt, scuffed brown brogues on his feet, utterly unlike the shimmering creature that had accompanied Sherlock into the room, he stepped close and wrapped strong arms around his lover’s waist. Sherlock’s own arms came up around John instinctively, and they stood together, just breathing while a tension that neither had been entirely aware of leaked away with the contact. At last, John leaned up to whisper, “take me home, Sherlock.”
“Yes, actually. It’s only a few months along. But yeah, me and Sherlock… are, yeah.” He slid an arm around Sherlock’s waist, cozying up to him where he leaned on the bar. Sherlock put an arm around John’s shoulders and lazily kissed his cheek, then regarded Marjorie’s distress with a superior smirk.
John drank his own tea, blankly waiting for Sherlock to drift off as the painkiller dulled the sting of his friend’s wound and encouraged exhaustion to pull him under. When mercurial eyes finally closed and the stark lines of his friend’s face had slackened into sleep, John quietly rose and rinsed his mug in the kitchen sink. Then, as he did each night, he made a circuit of the flat before going to his own room. Front door, back door, windows in sitting room, kitchen and bathroom, Amina’s door (though he never went in, he wasn’t a creep), Rosie’s room; he checked that they were secure and all was well.
He didn’t consider returning to his locum work as a doctor yet; he still hadn’t sorted out the tangled mess of his feelings about his loss of control and whether he could trust himself as a healer. Luckily the financial need wasn’t there, so he put it aside for a later day.
“Fine. We have an appointment with my tailor this afternoon. As for the rest, just do what you think is appropriate, and I’ll do the same. Do you have restrictions?”
John gave Sherlock a level look, the corners of his mouth tightening. Sherlock bounced up out of his chair to pace by the window. "Sitting very still and repeating a mantra," he said sarcastically, "may be well and good for an average mind like yours. The effort of paying attention at all would require heroic measures. For a mind like mine, whose focus has been honed as sharp as a scalpel, it's achieved in an instant and boring a millisecond later." He ran his hands through his hair again. "The only thing that can absorb my mind fully is a puzzle, a conundrum, a mystery of human nature. A CASE!" He slammed both hands on the sides of the window. "Someone kill somebody! I'm going mad!" he shouted at the passersby below.
John finally looked up at Sherlock. “What? No, No. Not offensive, just telling me the family news. All distant relatives, mostly, aside from me and Harry. But she says my… well, not stepsister, but my Aunt’s husband’s daughter from a previous marriage, you know?” he trailed off for a moment, collecting his thoughts.
They spent the afternoon quietly, walking to the park, then John playing with Rosie until her afternoon nap time, then having a lie-down himself while she slept. Amina caught him up in bits and pieces on the domestic news as the thoughts occurred to her, but their time was spent in companionable silence just as often. She didn’t fuss over him or hover when he was with Rosie, just went about her day without undue drama. Once again, John was fervently grateful that Amina had come into their lives; her down-to-earth attitude and soothing presence a balm to his worries that people in his life would treat him like glass - at least in his own home, he could slip back into his life without fuss and get on with the business of getting better.
“Your bedspread was, er, not entirely salvageable, nor was the throw rug in here,” Sherlock provided from the doorway. John looked back at him, and was surprised to see a sheepish look on his face. It seemed so foreign to his usually autocratic manner. “Amina cleaned up, and I ordered replacements. When they arrived, we realized the draperies Mary had installed would not work with them, so we took them down and put in pull-shades.” He regarded John from under his fringe. “We stored the draperies in the closet, in case you wanted them back?”
When at last they pulled back enough to look each other in the eye again, John was grinning broadly, such happiness in his expression that Sherlock couldn’t help but smile in return. “I’m yours too, you know,” John said matter-of-factly. “I’ve never known someone who wants all of me, with my scars and my faults and my...” he quirked an eyebrow, “unusual career. You see it all, and none of it fazes you in the slightest. I’m lucky, too.”
For instance, the evening after Sherlock had solved the stylist case and smuggled in Chinese takeaway for them both, John had been subdued and ecstatic by turns. The thrill of solving a case - and of playing a useful part even if just over text - was exhilarating, and Sherlock’s praise all the more precious for being so rare. It was balanced by the sickened sadness and pity he held for the boy who had been pivotal to the whole mess. More had come to light about the lad’s home life that had John pushing away sympathetic recollections more than once; an abusive father who was a drinker, a mother too lost in her own pain to protect her only child.
“That’s… good. Good, then.” Sherlock bounced to his feet and strode to the window, where his violin was waiting. “We’ll be leaving in an hour.”
“But then I heard they were dead, and you were free! It was like God smiled on me. I knew what I had to do, so I could be ready for you when the time came. Aha!” With a sound of satisfaction, she found a second cartridge for the atomizer, and swapped it with the empty one. “Richard, with his stupid yoga and his bloody vitamins, so smug. Well, I fixed that. A little mercury in the formula, increase the dose over two months, and I was free too.” She nudged the prone form at her feet with a trainer-clad toe; incongruous with her wedding finery. “Roll over, John.”
Spike shook his head like some insects were flying around it, though neither Sherlock nor John could see anything. Then he lowered his head like a bull and pounded, bellowing, across the floor at John.
Sherlock blinked rapidly for a minute, then looked down at the rounded back and silvering head bent over the table, occasionally scribbling an unintelligible signature on a page. His full lips twitched upwards, softly. He regarded Duck levelly. “I think we can manage that.”
“Like I said – gorgeous,” John said, eyes darkened and avidly following long fingers as they opened the fabric over Sherlock’s chest. The shirt slid away from lean shoulders and was tossed over the side, and John’s hand, seemingly involuntarily, cupped the bulge in his trousers and adjusted his length as he hissed out a breath.
“Done. I’ll be back in a bit.” And John was down the stairs and out the front door, walking briskly to clear his head.
Oh, and the thing with the red honey really happened; the bees were going to a nearby maraschino cherry factory and sipping up the spilled syrup. Ain't life grand?
Sherlock peered at him a moment, then snorted. “Bloody nightmare, far as they’re concerned.” He grinned, the expression a little feral and very much imperious. “I haven’t the patience for idiots that you seem to cultivate. Shall we?” he whirled and led the way into the glass-fronted entryway. John heaved a breath in… then out, straightened his spine, and marched through the doors after his friend.
Ahead, an area was brightly lit with lamps on tripods, sectioned off with yellow crime scene tape. Sherlock hurried ahead, stepping easily over the tape with his long legs, and began carefully inspecting the ground all around. “John, come see where the body was,” he called, and John dutifully clambered over the tape and into the scene, careful to keep to the marked areas.
Sherlock shot a quick look at John, then averted his gaze to the side. “Experiment,” he lied breezily. “Now, would you like me to look at your crime scene sometime this week? Get on with it!” He hustled off in the direction of the yellow tape, popping his collar and adjusting his scarf up snug around his neck.
John settled the blankets higher against the back of his neck and rolled his head to make a comfortable indentation in his pillow, then shut his eyes firmly.
They were seated with Aunt Brigid and Uncle Tim, thank goodness; Sherlock hoped he’d get a moment with Brigid before the day was through to ask some questions. Especially since his not-boyfriend was being so blasted closemouthed. Other guests began to trickle in, and John and Sherlock made a point to head over to the open bar before it was mobbed. Sherlock vowed to go easy on the whiskey today, no matter how excellent it was; he noticed John giving his glass a similar hard look.
“I want to know why a woman carrying a knock-off Hermes Birkin is compulsively purchasing the spa’s priciest package.”
Navya accepted Sam’s hug, as weary as she felt.  “Thanks.  Bit sudden.  Haven’t a clue where to begin.”
They stood there, two dark figures in a dark spring night.  There, with the heavens spiralling out above him, John felt grounded, centred.  At home.
He was vaguely aware of the pounding of his heart and the proximity of  Sherlock’s body to his, and if they slid any closer together, certain bits and pieces would be touching.  For the most part, though, John’s entire universe shrank down to the feeling of Sherlock’s full lips, of his own hands guiding Sherlock’s face, fingers sliding over wet hair, eyebrows, the nape of his neck.  He couldn’t keep his eyes open, so he let them slide shut.
John opened his eyes wide in the dark, the pleasure coming now hard and fast.  He reached for his own cock and began to jerk himself off to the rhythm of Sherlock’s thrusts.  He was too tired to form cohesive sentences anymore but sound escaped his lips nonetheless, meaningless syllables of drawn-out vowels and half-formed curses mingling with Sherlock’s own rhythmic grunting.  The antique bed frame creaked with their movements like clockwork.
John crouched down to where Sherlock was sitting.  “Your eyebrows are fine.  Now Sherlock Holmes, listen to me.  I don’t know what kind of crisis you’re going through, but leave your body well alone. Transport, remember.  Let’s get back to transport.  Take a bath or something.  Wash that stuff off - wait a second, Sherlock.”  John stood and picked up the bowl that contained the sticky concoction.  “What exactly is in this?”
He could tell immediately that someone once used this space.  There were stone benches for sitting, and a child’s swing dangled from a tree branch.  Various garden implements were still strewn about: a rake, a rusted watering can, a spade with a broken handle.
Everything was finally packed into removal vans.  John found it somewhat reassuring that he’d arrived with a small duffle bag and was leaving with several boxes, tangible evidence that he was building himself a new life.  Sherlock’s books were once again crated up and lugged down the stairs; his laboratory equipment carefully wrapped up and packed.  They chose a few key pieces of furniture to bring with them (the red chair with the tartan blanket, a leather sofa, John’s bed and Sherlock’s chest of drawers).
He was about to make a discreet attempt to smell it when a group of young women walked in, talking loudly and excitedly.  A hen night, he guessed.  Best not to be seen loitering with massage oil; back on the shelf it went.  He caught the eye of one of the girls - a pretty brunette with flushed cheeks who gave him a dazzling smile.  Maybe...nah.
“And you, Dr. Watson.  Mycroft tells me you write about Sherlock’s adventures on an internet diary thingummyjig.”
John took Sherlock’s hand, twining their fingers together.  “You can say no, but there’s something I think we should do before we leave.”
John Watson, and he had certainly seen a hell of a lot of naked men in his life.  He’d lost his modesty along with the rest of his brothers-in-arms long before his tour of duty.  It’s hard to be modest when you’re scrubbing half the Registan from the crack of your arse with nothing but a cloth and a canteen full of water.
He wasn’t disappointed.  Leaning against the worktop was a tall man in a perfectly tailored three-piece suit.
“I know this is supposed to be relaxing,” said John as James got out a few towels and a bottle of something from the cupboard, “but do you mind if I ask you about some things while you work?  I’m a doctor, and I’m a bit embarrassed to admit that I’ve never had a massage - well, except when I knackered my shoulder.”
He could have left feeling perfectly happy and was feeling a bit dreamy when James announced he’d do the “relaxation” portion.  “I’m relaxed,” John announced to the ceiling.  He was afraid he sounded a bit drunk.
It looked like any other robin, though John, but was strangely pleased that this particular one had taken a shining to his garden.
He pats me gently.  Rolls over.  Gets up.  I hear him in the bathroom.  He returns, turns to his side so I can get behind him.  We make spoons for a moment before lifts his leg, hooking it over my hips, giving me space.
When John returned, Sherlock was pushing a stack of boxes out of the way just enough so they could get to the bed.
John remembered the painting from the main reception area.  Mr. Phillip Leybourne, weak chin.  He really couldn’t picture Mycroft in jodphurs. Or having friends.  As far as John could tell, Mycroft wore bespoke tailoring at all times and had associates, business partners, enemies, and Sherlock.
“No, actually.  I sent a message to her yesterday.  I said you may be gone all night and that she should make arrangements to stay at a friend’s.”
“Not any more.”  She placed the black sparkly number on the table and pulled out another, this one gold with dangly beading.  “They’ve just been taking up space.”
This Sherlock was dressed in tight dark jeans, suede ankle boots, a dark plum-coloured button-down shirt and a black leather jacket. John had to do a double-take.  He looked like a model.  An arrogant and handsome model, complete with leather manbag.
“Nope.  Not doing that again.”  Feeling angry and used, John heaved in a breath and went to sit on the bench.  “Fuck that.”
Sherlock wipes his eyes again (the tears are still leaking out).  Looks at the wetness on his hands almost in disbelief.   “Perfectly normal stress response,” he manages to mutter.
John opened his mouth to politely decline, but then shut it again.  What the hell.  Why not?  He was hungry, and he had liked Mike.  They had been friends once, ages ago. He remembered having dinner at Mike and Margaret’s shortly after they got engaged.
“You’ve...moved in?”  John wracks his brain -- Sherlock hadn’t been gone for any extended period of time lately, nor had any of the regular trappings of 221B gone missing, as far as John could tell.
“Actually,” John replied, “bit desperate for a shower.”  John hoped he actually stank rather than have Sherlock know what he had been thinking of.
John looked down.  The handkerchief was already soaked.  No use evading.  And he couldn’t stitch it by himself.  “You wouldn’t happen to be able to stitch this up for me, would you?” he asked.  “I don’t have anything.”
The toe bone is connected to the foot bone, the foot bone is connected to the leg bone, the leg bone is connected to the hip bone...
He didn’t fancy heading back up there at the moment, however.  If Sherlock wanted privacy, that was understandable.  Heroin withdrawal was truly unpleasant to watch; he couldn’t imagine how it felt.
Author’s note:  Well, everyone.  Here it is: the end of the longest fic I’ve ever written.   The longest ANYTHING I’ve ever written.
John reached across Sherlock’s back to grab at his bum.  It was a stretch (Sherlock was too bloody tall for them to line up properly) but eventually he wiggled down under his lover enough to grasp that ample arse with two hands.  “I’ve been told I’m exceptional at manual stimulation, I’ve been wanking for years, and I know
“You really want to know, don’t you?” Sherlock suddenly asked, sounding somewhere between self-conscious and smugly amused.
Again, infinite thanks to Betty Swallocks, who keeps me entertained and doesn't laugh too hard at my poor attempts to sound British.  I had to draw the line at the use of "health farm," however, which American audiences just wouldn't get.  Health farm.  LOLS.
Andrew tried a different tactic.  “Look, it’s nothing that has any lasting effects or anything.  It’s totally safe.  Just to help a bloke out sometimes.  Like you.  That pretty brunette you’re with?  She’s out of your league.  I’ll tell you what: how ‘bout one on the house?  I usually charge 20 quid.  Should be easy for you then.  And if you want, I can arrange it so she won’t even remember.  How does that sound?”
John’s breath left him as his anus stretched around the blunt head of Sherlock’s cock, yet there was enough lubricant and he was relaxed enough for Sherlock to slide in easily.  John felt the flared tip of the corona pass through and then the rest of his length follow.  Behind him, Sherlock ran his hands soothingly up and down John’s torso.
John lay in bed, catching his breath after being wrenched out of sleep by a faint but horrible noise.  Whatever he’d thought he’d heard had stopped.  It must have been the wind through the moors again, that strange, mourning, howling cry.  Outside, rain tapped against the old windowpanes, muffled by the thick velvet curtains.  He resolved to go back to sleep, but no sooner had he snuggled back down under the duvet than he heard it again; this time he was sure it wasn’t the wind.
“That detective, Sherlock Holmes,” continued Sam as she twisted the top of the bag containing the offending sheets closed, “was here the whole time and you didn’t tell anyone!  First a murder investigation, now a gay sex orgy.”
“Yes.  Sometimes I pinch them when I masturbate.  I don’t mind a firm touch.  Are yours sensitive too?”
“It can only hold so much!” Sherlock said loudly, pointing at his head.  “Something has to get deleted!  Until there’s interstellar murder or galactic poisonings, it’s useless information!”
Indeed, John Watson knew the human body, both male and female forms of it, intimately, which is why, when he met Sherlock-it’s-all-transport-Holmes, he didn’t buy it.  For someone who claimed not to care about his body, Sherlock spent far too much time on his appearance (three types of hair products?), and when he did eat, he indulged.  He never wore vests under those tailored silk shirts, and even his casualwear was designer.  John wondered if the bespoke suits were Sherlock’s way of keeping himself clean, to remind himself to look the part.  Whatever his flatmate’s motivation was behind the tailored clothes, Sherlock remained a study in contradictions.
He could feel Sherlock smile against his forehead.  He’d been granted so many of them this weekend, Sherlock’s smiles.  They were more precious than any of those strange, wonderful gifts he’d received.  If Sherlock were smiling, really smiling, then everything
“The night after the police had gone, he said that if he ever saw that liar Archibald Holmes again, he’d rearrange his face.”
Sherlock drew him yet even closer and pressed a kiss to his head.  “Not particularly.  It’s a physiological response; I’m honestly rather tired.  Let’s go to sleep.”
.  He stares out at Walworth Road: it’s the usual mix of chicken shops, bookies, and convenience stores. Nothing exciting. How did he end up here?  Sixty-one years old, widowed, flawed father, blogger, best friend to the world’s only consulting detective.  It’s not a bad life, certainly, but it feels...like he’s been on pause for far too long.
“You want it?” John asked, gently pressing his index finger to Sherlock’s hole.  Sherlock groaned and shuddered.  He was incredibly sensitive there, and John had learned very quickly how to turn his logical lover into a quivering mess.  All it took was a firm but delicate touch, and Sherlock’s big beautiful brain went offline; the mind palace slammed all its doors simultaneously except for the one that contained everything he knew of love and sex, which was thrown wide open.  And add in a tongue?  The first time John attempted rimming, Sherlock had all but levitated off the bed.
John sighed and checked his watch.  “Let’s go in for supper.  Enough for a while.  I have a few people we can call tonight if you’d like.”
to be diagnosed with antisocial personality disorder.  And you pulled it off. Showed them exactly what they wanted to see.”
John smiled and extricated himself from a lapful of lanky detective.  He been hard for God-knows-how-long now and was actually a bit uncomfortable.  “Oh, yeah?  Do I dare ask what you are thinking about?”  He was nearly out of the pool when he felt Sherlock embrace him from behind.
“What?  Shaving?  I’ve got to say I fully appreciate bare legs and armpits.  Perhaps a little trimming of the bush is appropriate.”
“Oh God,” said John, pulling his head from the back of the chair and feeling instantly contrite.  “Sorry.  Here, just...hang on…let me...”
Sherlock drew John to him again, and they lay together facing one another.  They found each other’s hands; Sherlock’ kissed John’s knuckles.  “I’m trying to tell you that I love you,” he said softly against them.
John laughed.  “You never noticed?” In the weak light, John observed his friend.  Not just saw, but observed.  His jacket and jeans were smudged with colour.  His curly hair, which he’d promptly fluffed after pulling off his helmet, ruffled in the gentle breeze.  Features that John had initially found rather odd-looking -- his eyes, cheekbones, mouth-- had somehow transformed into something of otherworldly beauty.  He’d always found Sherlock interesting, but he’d learned so much more about him today, how complex he actually was, how very...human.  John looked at his own dust-stained jeans and smiled.  Sherlock Holmes had literally brought colour back into his life, and he would be forever grateful.
John wiggled the tip of his middle finger inside -- and came off like a rocket, his stomach muscles clenching so hard he nearly doubled up.
“What’s going on back there?” John mused.  They sat in silence for a moment, John listening to the fountain and Sherlock presumably lost inside his mind.
John looked at the list of 10 things that would supposedly “drive a man wild.”  They included suggestions such as “use your hair to tease his body” and “feel the chill with an ice cube!”  Some were actually decent pieces of advice, such as “nibble his nipples” and “don’t forget the bollocks!” -- both of which were high on John’s “yes” list.  He passed the magazine back.
“No.”  Sherlock actually pushed himself away from his microscope.  John swore he was smiling in that straight-faced way of his.  “I went down, got Mrs. Hudson’s hoover,  cleaned the flat, and then methodically went through the dust canister.  It was relatively easy to separate hair from the rest of the mess - you have been eating toast in excess lately, I might add, from the number of crumbs - and from there, I just sorted them into their types: scalp, androgenic, and vellus, although the latter were much more difficult to find amid all the dust, and then I just had to figure out which ones were yours and mine, which I thought would be easy to determine due to colour and texture but found it to be more difficult than I imagined...”
Harry sighed.  “Why?  I mean, what’s the point.  I know you think that you left some part of yourself back there, in Afghanistan, and you’re going to believe it until you don’t anymore.  But you’re still you.  You’re steady.  You always have been.  Get your fucking shit together.”
Mycroft had texted John several hours later to let him know that Sherlock was fine, had ended up at Bart’s, and was likely doing something untoward to a liver or pancreas.
“I’m not sure this is the proper milieu…”  Sherlock looked around the room. There was an older woman in the corner who was reading a book but had earbuds in, a feverish teen a few seats away who was too incoherent to care, and his half-asleep mother.  “But, if you must know…”  He leaned in conspiratorially and whispered in John’s ear, “The exact moment of penetration.”
When he meets Mary, it finds a new home in a small crystal vase, where it rests, a metal flower.  John places it on his chest of drawers and polishes it weekly.
Mr. Campbell stayed sitting, but waved farewell and nodded.  John decided that he liked him immensely.
By the time Sherlock realised John’s intentions for the evening, it was already too late to back out.  Longing spurred him forward.
“Indeed. He was rather too fond of a music-hall singer named Tommy Timms. They had to get rid of him before the papers found out.”
“What?  No.  Sorry.”  John watched her closely as she gently folded and repacked the dresses.  He tried to think like Sherlock, who would be able to work out exactly when Mrs. Hudson was dancing and what she was dancing to -- and with -- by the cut of the dresses and type of beads adorning them.  John was able to tell nothing except for the fact that Mrs. Hudson clearly had fond memories of a long-forgotten passion.  He could picture her as a young woman, lithe and feisty, getting lost in the music of the time, maybe even on stage.
“Except for Chris,” said another woman.  “Lad thinks he’s Mo Farah.  We told him to bugger off and wait for us at the finish.”
*In my search for a proper scandal, I found the story of Henry Paget, the 5th Marquess of Anglesey.  The scandal I wrote in this paragraph is essentially his, although I did add the homosexual bit.
John had initially been shocked when he’d seen his own cock in Sherlock’s large palm; he was used to seeing it in his own, where it seemed proportionate.  In Sherlock’s hand, however, he’d felt particularly small.  That was until Sherlock marvelled at it, took it in his mouth, demanded it up his arse, worshipped it, and proclaimed it perfect.  He’d waxed poetic about it once, describing it to John in precise anatomic detail, claiming he’d committed it to memory.  John was sure that he had, too.  Could probably pick him out of a lineup on penile anatomy alone.
Navya did her best to look innocent.  She shrugged her shoulders.  “Didn’t really pay attention.  Sorry.”
Sherlock rolled his arms a few times, stretching out his shoulders.  John was a good distance away, but he could still see the blue light gleaming off the water than ran down Sherlock’s back.  Sherlock ran his hands over his hair a few times, unsticking it from where it was plastered to his scalp (it was much longer when wet, John noticed) and then walked forward to the “leisure lagoon” where he stepped in, sank down, and disappeared.
Much, much (and another bottle of wine) later, they retired to Sherlock’s room.  It would be the last time the tall ceilings heard John’s groans and cries of pleasure as he knelt on his hands and knees, Sherlock filling him again and again, the sounds and smells of sex blending with the night breeze and faint perfume of the gardens below.  They had made their own walled and secret garden of their bed, a place where two wild, thorny, and untamed men blossomed for each other.
“You should get that checked out,” said Lestrade in Sherlock’s direction.  “Not healthy.  God only knows what you’ve done to yourself with that abstaining from food crap.  Probably have ulcers or something.”
Knowing Sherlock, he’d either address the awkward foot incident immediately in a frank, straightforward fashion, take a passive-aggressive approach, or ignore the whole scenario as if it hadn’t happened.  John would prefer to just talk about it and get it over with, but he figured that was unlikely to happen.
Sherlock was divesting himself of his shirt.  John had watched Sherlock undress more this weekend than he ever had in several years of living with the man.  It would never get old, he decided.  Sherlock paused now, and looked up.  “John?”
John was going to allow himself ten minutes to sulk and wait for Sherlock, and then he was going to order dinner and enjoy it, company or no.  He picked a bit at the fine linen of the tablecloth and absently wondered what types of flowers were in the small vase next to the tabletop candle when Sherlock did finally join him.  He’d obviously been outside - cheeks pink and hair wind-tossed.  John thought he looked lovely and even younger, somehow.  Sherlock had a way of doing that - mysteriously appearing anywhere from twenty to forty, his actual age hovering somewhere between the two.
Sherlock and John got up from the bench and looked at ground where John’s forget-me-nots were sprouting.  “There were woodchips around the bottom of the plum tree,” said Sherlock.  “If I’m remembering it correctly, my guess would be that my father would have put the front legs of the ladder here” --he repositioned the ladder-- “and the back legs here, on the flagstones.  There wouldn’t have been footprints unless it was muddy, I suppose.  Shoes are always excellent evidence, however.  Whoever walked back here would have picked up all sorts of pollen, compost, and fertiliser.”
John stifled a yawn, inhaled deeply, and stretched his legs out, tilting his pelvis forward as he pushed Sherlock’s hand down to his groin.  “God, Sherlock.  I have no idea why my cock thinks it’s nineteen again.  I don’t think you’re going to have to do much convincing.”
Sherlock sighed and propped himself up on his elbow.  “This room was used for guests when I was a boy,” he said.  “We didn’t have them frequently, and I liked the big windows.  It was a nice place to read.  Quiet.  Before it was redecorated it was very... pink.  Like being inside a rose.”
Sherlock smiled, removed John’s hand, and disentangled himself from their embrace.  He adjusted himself in his trousers and sat back.  “I have to admit there’s something very appealing about romantic liaisons among the flowers.”
Unbeknownst to John, at the bottom of the bag, carefully wrapped in tissue paper, was a small brown bottle full of “completely organic and edible oil”, intended to “penetrate deeply” and be “intensely moisturising” while “providing a thoroughly enjoyable massage experience”.
of him. We’ll never know if he was making up some of the crazy things he said the two of you got up to. We’ll never know if the experiments you did in the kitchen of your flat were really as bad as he said they were. We’ll never hear
“We’ll come back tomorrow,” Sherlock promised her.  He looked across to John and held his gaze while he added, “Whether we’ve got anything to tell you or not.”
“Mrs Hudson and I have had workmen in, fitting child gates at the top and bottom of each flight of stairs,” Sherlock said, still not looking up.  “Even if you don’t come back permanently, you can visit more often and bring Rosie with you because there’ll be child gates keeping her away from the stairs.  Also, the workmen attached child locks to the fridge and on all the cupboard doors in the kitchen, the bathroom and the living room.”
It was eight hours and thirty-one minutes since the train had come to a halt at St Pancras station and Sherlock and John had linked hands as they walked out of the station and stood on a London pavement just breathing the air for a while. Eight hours and twenty-nine minutes since John had turned to his partner and murmured, “Get us some transport,” and Sherlock grinned with delight as he walked to the kerb, threw up an arm and yelled, “Taxi!” Eight hours and twenty-nine minutes since they climbed into the back of the cab and told the driver to head in the general direction of Scotland Yard but to drive wherever he felt like going and to take as circuitous a route as he liked. Occasionally one of them suggested a particular road but otherwise they let the driver meander around the city while they gazed out of the windows in delight and reacquainted themselves with the sights.
“Don’t think for a moment that I’m starting to get sentimental, John,” he said.  “It’s just more practical ...”
me, rather than just saying it out loud and assuming that the words would carry from here to Tesco’s, work their way through the automatic doors, float up and down the aisles until they found me and then wriggle inside my ear?”
be possible, even though it made total sense; even though a large part of his mind was screaming, “See? I knew it all along! Why didn’t you
“But it’s ...” John managed to snap his mouth shut. Sherlock’s glower was now so severe that John wondered if anyone had ever pulled a muscle in their eyebrows before today, or if this would be the first recorded example.
“I would have been doing him a favour, you know,” he informed John airily. “With all the pensions being cut, and the National Health Service no good any more, it would be a good thing. I should talk to Dave about it. That’s the Prime Minister, isn’t it – Dave?”
where are we, you ask?  where elss?  where it all begann, in the labb in the hosspital which is named after mee.
He looked up briefly at John, then his gaze skittered away and he stared towards the window.  His tone was uncertain.
Cleary,” Emily told her prospective new employer.  “I reverted to my maiden name when my husband and I separated recently.”
Knowing Sherlock’s dislike of Christmas and all its traditions, John hadn’t used Christmassy wrapping paper to cover the plain brown box he had found to put the bear into.  Actually he’d thought it pointless wasting money on paper at all because it was almost inevitable that Sherlock would take one look at his present and would either throw a hissy fit at such a childish gift or be sneeringly sarcastic at John’s sentimental behaviour.  In either case John wouldn’t be surprised if Sherlock promptly took the box to his bedroom and dropped it out of the window onto the top of Mrs Hudson’s bins.
“Good luck with that,” John retorted.  “If she starts living with the world’s only consulting detective, how long will it be before you teach her how to pick locks?”
My best mate and all-round adorable person Verity Burns sent me a white fluffy bunny to assist my other plotbunny, Cedric, in inspiring me. The new bunny is named VerityBun and she is wearing a T-shirt which says, “Get thinking!” on it. This
“Good morning, Mycroft.  Has The Scandinavian Kitchen run out of your favourite cinnamon buns again?”
,” he told him worriedly.  “Please, Sherlock, I’m really tempted, but if it all goes wrong and we have to move out again, it’ll kill me.  You need to be sure that you can cope with both of us living in your home.”
Despite Sherlock’s protests that a Seventy-Five Metres Deep Club didn’t have the same ring to it, the attempt to create such a club in one of the toilets was an interesting – if not altogether successful – fifteen minute distraction after which Sherlock slumped back into his seat and glared in frustration out of the window until the train cleared the Tunnel. After that, John’s heart wasn’t sure whether it was going to survive until they actually arrived in London. As the train raced across the English countryside Sherlock’s sulky expression began to lift and his gaze out of the window became more and more excited the nearer they got to the city; the muscles in his face began to relax, his frown faded and the tension around his eyes started to smooth out. It wasn’t until now that John had realised how overwrought and stressed Sherlock had been looking recently, and to watch all that anxiety bleed away until he looked ten years younger and more like the energetic overgrown puppy who had bounced all around London brought tears to John’s eyes. As if sensing his emotional reaction, Sherlock looked across to him and held his eyes while John blinked rapidly, then he grinned happily at him.
Donovan is a mystery to me. I would imagine that if most women had to make a choice, you’d be a long shot against the low frequency vibrating of a loose radiator.”
“You’re being ridiculous,” Sherlock grumbled.  “You suggested that I talk to Mrs Hudson, I did so, and she offered to rent me the rooms at a reduced rate.  Despite that, I still need someone to help pay the rent.  Thankfully Stamford was paying attention for once, and his friend clearly needs somewhere to live.”
“I’ve only just met him, and the fact that he requires a flatmate is useful to me.  That doesn’t mean that I like him.”
“I realise that there’ll be times when having a child in the flat will be irritating, but once I’ve got the basement to retreat to, it shouldn’t be a problem.  It really would be more convenient for all of us.  It wastes time when I have to come all the way out here or you have to travel to Baker Street when I need your assistance on a case.  The primary schools near me have better standards than the ones around here, and Regent’s Park is just over the road for somewhere for her to play and get fresh air.  I’m sure I can persuade Mycroft to increase our security cover so that Rosie is monitored at all times.  You moving back into the flat would be convenient for all of us.”
“Don’t interrupt the poorly old lady,” she told him sternly.  “I’m talking now, and you’re both going to listen to me.  Life is short: stop wasting time pretending that you don’t have strong feelings.  Look at you!  You’re so in tune with each other, you’re almost joined at the hip.  You’ve been finishing each other’s sentences ever since you started telling me about your cases; you know what the other one’s going to say before he even begins talking; you can practically read each other’s minds.  And the looks you give each other!  I simply don’t understand why you’re not in a proper relationship.  What are you hiding from?”
Sherlock raised his head and looked John in the eyes for a long moment before he eventually said softly, “Yes.”
If John had been a hopeless romantic, he would have thought that Sherlock looked a little disappointed.  But of course he wasn’t a hopeless romantic.  Not in the least.
Things were beginning to feel awkward, and John felt it was time for a little levity.  He also needed a distraction from the original topic of conversation.
right a lot of the time, but all that does is makes you arrogant and over-confident, and you think you can do whatever you want because it’s always the right thing to do and you can’t possibly be wrong.” He gestured vaguely around the room. “But you’re wrong about this, you really are. You have to stop charging forward and assuming that you’re right, and you have to
“A roast chicken dinner, obviously,” John told him straight-faced, then relented at Sherlock’s indignant look. “It’s chocolate mousse made without cream ... hey!” He snatched the dish away as Sherlock stuck his fingers into the dessert and scooped out a large dollop.
Sherlock’s pale eyes finally turned towards him and locked onto his own with a disturbing combination of blankness and intensity which made Anderson feel thoroughly uncomfortable, but he continued speaking, squirming slightly in his seat but refusing to look away.
“I will if you buy the pretty coat,” Emily told him.  “Imagine how you’d look with the collar popped and the wind whipping the tail out.  Buy the pretty coat!”
The surgery in which he was currently acting as a locum rang to say that he wouldn’t be needed today after all. The doctor he had been covering for had recovered from his illness more quickly than expected and was ready to return to work. John had been expecting a few more days’ work – and, more importantly, a few more days’
The “doctor on the brain – geddit?!” line is one that Anarion, Atlin Merrick, Mirith Griffin and I each agreed to crowbar into a story by any means possible after we met up in London.
John had rarely heard this music since he had left home almost twenty years ago but as the lyrics of
Closing the door behind him, he paused and blew out a long silent breath, his eyes widening as he realised that that had been the first time that Sherlock had ever used his title when talking to him. He looked around and saw that Sherlock’s brother was walking towards him.
“Oh,” John said. He turned and blinked innocently at Sherlock. “So does that mean that the best laid men have mice and schemes?”
When Sherlock returned home several hours later, John stood near the window and listened worriedly to the unusually slow and heavy tread of his friend’s feet as they ascended the staircase.  Sherlock finally reached the living room door and stopped there, still looking troubled and apparently not making much effort to hide it.  His eyes flickered around the room before settling on John.
Just as he decided that his left foot was going to lead and therefore he should sway a little to the right and then wobble precariously, I took hold of his arm and murmured into his ear, “If you do
Beside him, Sherlock shifted briefly in his seat, apparently unaware of the crisis which John was undergoing. John finally managed to exhale and then resume some semblance of normal breathing, which wasn’t easy with the revelation that had just hit him. It
“You’re really pretty, Su,” the drunk told her for the umpteenth time, slurring her name as he grabbed at her arm across the bar and leaned closer, huffing beery breath into her face.  “Come ‘ere and giss’a kiss,” he insisted.
“Sorry, no,” he said. “I won’t share you with anyone.” He smirked. “Had you going for a minute, though, didn’t I?”
hated his name. If he didn’t have an irritating but unavoidable sense of loyalty to his parents’ memory, he would have changed it decades ago. His classmates at school always sneered at how unusual the name was, and his brother was no help at all, simply quoting that stupid Shakespearean line about a rose smelling as sweet. Idiot. You’d think that, being lumbered with the same problem, he would sympathise with him. But it makes no sense to him: he won’t ever forgive his parents for bestowing such an annoying name on him, so why couldn’t he ever bring himself to change it and feel happier with himself?
fanfic who may not know my co-authors’ names – do note that all four writers are well known for their NC-17 ratings.  Each of these stories is raunchy, and the third one contains honest-to-goodness porn!
Sherlock sighed out a breath. There was no sound behind it, but the bored incantation of “Dull” was clearly implied. Anderson glared at him.
Nevertheless he kept his head down and continued to pretend to peruse his phone and the driver seemed to take the hint and turned on the stereo. John grimaced. He didn’t often take minicabs – usually only when he was coming home from Harry’s house in the suburbs – but they always played the most banale of radio stations, the ones which seemed to have a playlist of only four bland pop songs which were repeated ad nauseam. So his eyes widened a moment later when the music began to pump through the speakers.
He led John through the front door to a reception area where he signed the two of them into the register and then continued into the building, passing an open ward and going to one of the private rooms.  The door was ajar and sitting up in the only bed in the room was an elderly woman who, John realised just by looking at her, was frail and very ill.  However, her face lit up with delight at the sight of Sherlock and he walked over to her bedside, rested his hand gently on her head and kissed her on the forehead before turning to his flatmate.  With his face full of sad affection he told him, “John, I would like you to meet Emily.”
“You’re taking hard drugs!  And look at where you are!  This is about as much trouble as you could possibly be in!”
“I thought it seemed appropriate,” he hurried to explain.  “I thought that, because you bought it ...”
anyone else. The day before Sherlock Holmes came into his life, John had had nothing to live for. Now, with that crazy and infuriating man in his world, John had something worthwhile, something which made him feel important and worthy of existence. John had a life.
“Don’t shut yourself in your room,” he pleaded.  “Stay out here.  You know I’m not going to push, so I’ll say it just the once: I’m here if you want to talk.”
Smiling apologetically at me, he took Anderson’s arm and attempted to steer him away but the inebriated man simply pulled his arm away and turned back towards me, stepping into my personal space and gazing vaguely in the direction of my eyes. “Not Steve,” he told me, nodding reassuringly. “I’m not Steve, OK, Mike?” He burped into my face.
There actually is a Bartholomew Bear who looks similar to the one I chose (it’s sold by the same company where I found Sherlock’s bear – you can type ‘Bartholomew’ in their search engine if you’re interested in seeing him), but I felt that he was a bit too pudgy and was verging on cute, which I didn’t think Sherlock would appreciate, plus it would be too much of a coincidence for John to buy a bear that was actually called Bartholomew before Sherlock named him.
I hadn’t been sure whether to accept John’s invitation to this party. I knew that Sherlock wouldn’t care less whether I attended or not, but John had told me on the phone that he would be personally insulted if I didn’t show. Now I stood at the bar trying to be unobtrusive while the man beside me took another long pull on his pint. The way that his teeth clashed against the glass as he raised it to his mouth suggested that he had already had too much to drink and his coordination was suffering as a consequence.
Because the beautiful man on the stage had just made him realise that he was in love with the beautiful man sitting beside him.
, not the future.  Come on, I want to hear everything: all the juicy bits, all the stuff that happened behind the scenes. I’m not asking for state secrets, though I’m sure you know a few of
Sherlock blurted out the sentence without warning, and John frowned.  They were in John’s living room and John had been talking about Rosie and the upset stomach she’d had yesterday.  He’d been complaining about how he had spent all night cleaning up vomit and worse, and then Sherlock came out with what seemed to be an irrelevant instruction.  John sighed quietly, assuming that Sherlock was bored with talk about babies and domesticity.
He leaned forward a little in his chair, resisting the urge to reach out and put his hand on Sherlock’s arm.
“Emily,” John finally managed to interrupt.  “I’m sorry, but it doesn’t work like that.  The fact is, I’m not actually gay.”
in response, surprised that for once Mycroft had made the effort of asking rather than simply instructing him, but knowing better than to ask questions.
“He kept it.”  John’s voice was barely a whisper as he stared at the teddy bear sitting on the shelf inside the wardrobe.
“Thanks for a brilliant drive,” John said, then stood back and watched the car depart before turning and gazing up at the first floor window of his flat. He could faintly hear Sherlock’s violin, and recognised it instantly as the classical piece which he had once told Sherlock was his favourite.
He turned away, his mouth widening into a huge grin, and tried really hard not to bounce on the spot with excitement. It wasn’t every day that your colleague came home and informed you that he had a case which would not only involve travelling to the home of British Motorsport – at the British government’s expense (for once, John bloody
“His first name is actually William,” Mrs Holmes told her, “but after we registered his birth certificate I realised that I preferred his second name and we’ve called him that ever since.  He’s five and started at primary school in September. He’s also ludicrously smart, but he’s more sociable than his brother.  He likes company and will chat to anybody, and it’s a shame that he scares people off by being so astute.  I mean, he
of us needs to talk to him, and I do believe that what I have to say is relevant. I can’t promise to help him, but I might make him think.”
Mrs Hudson intercepted him seconds after he opened the front door. “I need you to do something about the smell,” she told him in an overly-dramatic stage whisper. It was hardly necessary for her to mention it, as John had reeled the moment he stepped indoors. It was equally unnecessary to wonder where the stench was emanating from and after reassuring her that he would deal with it and apologising on behalf of his friend – who was rapidly losing the title of ‘flat-mate’ and likely to gain the title of ‘flat-bloody-nuisance’ any minute now – John charged up the stairs and hurried into the flat, slamming both of the first floor doors closed behind him and throwing open the windows in the sitting room before turning and facing the source of his irritation. Sherlock was sitting at his microscope in the kitchen, apparently oblivious to the appalling stench and not even glancing up as John stomped over to the window beside the fridge and opened it as wide as it would go.
Without waiting for his reply, she looked at her former charge.  “Would you leave John to bleed out while you did the right thing and went off to catch the dangerous criminal?” she demanded.
about him, compare notes on what we knew about him. Laugh about things he told us about you. Talk about the madder cases he told us about, find out if he was exaggerating at all. We want to remember
to be a 221 with such an obvious ‘b’ word at the end), I realised that if John gave Sherlock a bear, Sherlock would behave as if he wasn’t interested but would secretly be thrilled, and would name it in honour of the place where he and John first met.
“You’d be surprised,” Sherlock murmured.  She looked at him enquiringly and he smiled ruefully and tapped his right temple with his finger.  “I’ve spent over thirty years trying to get you to move out,” he told her, “but you’ve been rather stubborn.”
for Redbeard, and if we were feeling particularly silly, we’d sneak back into the house and capture Mycroft and hold him for ransom.”
But it was more than that.  Sherlock hadn’t just kept it; hadn’t just left the bear in its box and shoved it in the bottom of the wardrobe.  He had deliberately taken it out of the box and had sat it on a shelf where he would see it every time he opened the door.
She put her hand on Sherlock’s arm.  “I didn’t want to go, but I didn’t have any choice.  I know you were upset, but I had to put my own child first.  I told you at the time how sorry I was.”
The man grinned with delight. “Murdered! My goodness, how terrible!” His words were appropriate to the tragedy, but his tone implied approving surprise. “How was it done?” John realized in that moment that they were dealing with a true psychopath, someone who lacked the slightest bit of empathy for other people. This man could easily have murdered someone just for the fun of it, or because he was curious about what a human liver looked like up close.
After returning Clara to his tipsy sister, he went over and asked Marjorie to dance. She accepted with a blush on her cheeks and a slightly giddy smile. He swung her out onto the dance floor with a gentle tug on her hand. “You’ve been staring at me all night,” he said reproachfully.
He promised to be there for the wedding as he rang off, grinning. Just the break he needed from the pressures of school: a huge party on his old stomping grounds. John loved his life as a poor, harried med student, and he loved London with its round-the-clock activity and frenetic energy, but he was looking forward to being coddled a bit by his Aunt and Uncle-to-be.
“Hmm. You don’t say? Well Jones, Fitzhugh - I’d hate for the rugby team to be falling into any unfortunate jock stereotypes by roughing up other students and taking what isn’t theirs, in order to get away with not doing their very best work in their classes.” John eyed the two sternly while they goggled at him. “I’m sure you were actually just brushing the dirt off the bag after picking it up for her, weren’t you,” he said and cocked an eyebrow, indicating Marjorie. Both boys shut their slack jaws and looked abashed as John spoke.
John’s smile was kind, and his chin was suspiciously tight. “Oh, go ahead, have a bloody chuckle. Your chin is giving it away,” Sherlock snarled, and John burst out laughing. After he composed himself, he turned to face his friend, and pulled at a sulking Sherlock’s knees until his (more than) friend faced him.
Rolling from the bed, he strode to the toilet. As he did his business and brushed his teeth, he listened through the open door for sounds in the rest of the flat. It was quiet, but if John were reading, seated in the armchair that Sherlock had started thinking of as belonging to his lover, he would not make much noise. Sherlock could not imagine that John would not want to see him as soon as he was awake; they had been apart for what felt like forever! Before this trip, they had not spent more than a single night apart, either working together through the night on Sherlock’s cases or crashing into bed at one or the other of their flats.
He had just begun to press his thin wool scarf, folded in a pad, against Sherlock’s side when the cavalry stormed in, bringing glaring lights, noise, and shouted questions from every side. Lestrade made a beeline for them, but before he could get there, Sherlock grasped John’s wrist where it pressed the padding to his side. “John, you have a family, and I made a vow to keep you safe. I admit, I may have misjudged tonight and made a mistake when you were in danger, but I did it to protect you. Surely you can understand that?”
Sherlock blinked in bemusement at his effusiveness, then shot a glance over at John, who had sunk his face in his hands, blushing to the tips of his ears. He cleared his throat. “Yes, well. Do they call you Duck because of the leg or the voice?”
The next morning John sat numbly at the breakfast table while Rosie giggled and cooed at the spoonfuls of banana and avocado he mechanically put to her lips. His usually practical inner monologue was lacking, no reminders to himself about appointments later that day or intentions to buy chicken for supper or check out the local schools. Instead, there was heavy, echoing silence in his head, along with a dull sense that it was all too much. Too much to take, too much to even think about. He wanted it to stop. For everything to just stop. For someone, or something to take the burdens of his life and make them all go away.
John’s eyelids drooped heavily and his thoughts were sluggish; the tablets had begun taking effect while he wrote and were affecting him more strongly now. He squinted blearily and opened the ‘send later’ options on his email; Sherlock usually checked his email first thing, so he needed to have some delay before it would arrive. After the night they had had, Sherlock would likely let him lie in until nine at least; plenty of time for the medication he’d taken to do its work. If he could just make the email wait until nine... he typed in ‘9’, then cuffed at his eyes before clicking ‘send.’
“N-nothing, John,” Marjorie backpedaled in the face of John’s outrage, face going pale. “I was just surprised, I guess. I didn’t expect it of you.” She deflated, and Aunt Brigid, who had stood quietly by, reminded her of the photographer waiting for them. “I’ll see you later. We can talk more then.” She withdrew to the other side of the room, still not having acknowledged Sherlock after her first comments, but shooting him a venomous look as she went.
John described his first day home, the changes Amina and Sherlock had made in his room and how nice it had been to sleep on the crisp sheets. “I probably should have done that myself, ages ago; the room is a whole new place,” John confessed. “After everything Mary and I went through, I feel like I can finally put her behind me. And all it took was a rug and a duvet.” He shook his head disbelievingly.
Again, Sherlock looked away, his body seeming to draw in on itself, and he looked at the floor. “When Amina came to stay, you gave me a key in case you needed me to come in and relieve her when you were delayed at the surgery and she had classes to teach. Don’t you remember?”
He attended cases when they presented themselves, barely noticing the murmuring beneath his thoughts as it categorized the crimes they were called to observe.
When they finally settled down by rigidly staring ahead and breathing deeply, Sherlock found that the irritation he had been holding for John and his inexplicable half-declaration of the morning had dissipated. He was willing to stick out this wedding, and then would have a very serious talk with his friend and hear what he had been going to say, whether John liked it or not.
John looked away from his friend’s kind gaze, swallowing against the unexpected tightness in his throat.
“Where is your sister?” He demanded, grabbing Stephen by the arm and shaking him. “It’s important that I find her right now. Where did she go?”
Sherlock nodded with satisfaction. “They stood here, then, Lestrade. This mud is fresher than that - not more than yesterday.” He squatted down to take a few pictures of it with his phone. “And there’s marks here, like the ones on the tree in the park - a pair of gouges on the steel at about the same height as those, and another here by the mud.” He indicated what had looked liked a dark patch in the dirty area, but when he brought the light from his phone closer, was revealed as a divot in the steel that had partially filled in later with mud.
"Okay, sorry, I had no idea it was that bad," said John. He felt tense now, but brushed it off quickly when Carl smiled at him. He understood.
“Yes, actually,” he lied, scratching the nape of his neck. “I was thinking that Avada Kedavra is a useless spell.”
Cas thought about it, pouting at the pillow cat. “Beyoncé,” he said at once, nodding decidedly at her. Irene’s eyebrows lifted. Kate repeated the name.
Irene snorted, looking delighted as she pointed a finger at him. “Haha! You just made an innuendo yourself!”
“A ship name?” Both Greg and Mrs Hudson frowned, but then Greg’s face lightened up, understanding dawning on him. “Oh, I think I know. That’s what you do when you like two fictional people and want them to be a pair?”
“Depends,” Dean said, the two getting inside the Impala. “You can sunbathe, build a sandcastle, throw rocks…. lots of options, Cas. We won’t get bored, but if we get sick of the water, we’ll just go to the Shack and sweat all over again. Rinse and repeat.”
Turns out, Sherlock didn’t have to wait long. Five minutes after he settled behind the kitchen table to examine dead tissues of a pigeon he skinned at Bart’s the other day, John joined him, his silverish hair sticking up at odd angles, eyes squinting in the sharp kitchen light.
John shrugged, tucking the rest of the plasters back into their packaging. “Dunno. I’ve scratched my knees so many times over the years I just know. Mum’s a nurse, it just sort of rubs off on you.”
“Well, the bread got toasted enough for you to make your fingers meet the same fate, don’t you think it was
“He’s smoking, isn’t he,” she stated more than asked. Mrs Hudson nodded, worried wrinkles twisting her mouth. “Don’t frown, he has a habit.”
Their first shower lasted shorter than they would like, both from the enthusiasm and excitement and pent-up sexual frustration, but also because neither of them had an inkling to slip and break a bone. Technically it shouldn’t even classify as a shower. So, John diplomatically guided them back to his room where they stayed holed up for the past few hours. Blessed, quiet hours of seclusion. Just what they needed. Weeks of eyeing each other like a piece of candy and finally,
John shrugged, yawning. “He inherited it from his dad, I think, so it has history precious to him. And he makes a living out of it, so it’s
But let's resume to episode 4. Enjoy, and special thanks to Bee and Dee, both of whom support my crazy-ass ideas
But before they could, Irene steered them into the kids’ toy store next door. She kept gasping at the wide selection of Barbies and plushies, particularly those that looked like crabs. She then begged Dean to please-please-please buy her a Barbie doll, so he did. Sam seemed smug how easy it was for Irene to charm him into getting her what she asked for, but who wouldn’t? Plus, Dean had a soft spot for children, and his caretaker instincts kicked in.
“I see. Maybe Greg will know her. He might be grumpy and selective about the people in town he speaks to, but he is well-versed in local gossip. Mrs Hudson could pitch in, she and Mrs Turner -- her neighbour -- could start working for the FBI with what information they can dig up. Ask her and you’ll have your answer by the end of dusk.”
Moreover, another thing -- or person -- that made him withdraw and contemplate was Greg Lestrade. No matter what he did, Cas couldn’t shake off the intuitive feeling that
“Fair point.” Sherlock scratched his chin, trying to find words to continue a somewhat logical route in this conversation. “I’ll think about your offer.”
Mary sat on her bed, surrounded by big, soft pillows; some fuzzy, others feathery. Due to the unwelcome occurrence of Irene Adler, she had fallen into a foul mood and cancelled the show prematurely. Not that these Reichenbach idiots minded. They obeyed her like sheep. That was about the only good thing about them. Gullible puppets.
“Yes,” Sherlock replied on the spot, not thinking twice. He also realised that he had adopted a faux American accent in the split second his neurons caught up to what was implied if he didn’t claim the dogs. “These two have got lost on a hiking trip a week ago. My boyfriend and I were scared since we didn’t know where they wandered off, but we found them!”
“Yes, now get here and help me get her back,” Cas shouted from the end of the pier. They hurried to catch up with him -- he summoned gigantic lily pads and ran across the lake to catch up with Marina. Sam and Dean exchanged a look and followed.
And then Professor Trlawney had moved onto Carl. Taking the teacup from his dark hands, she took one look at the porcelain before gasping and letting go. Carl had had just enough reflexes to save it from hitting the floor and breaking into pieces.
John squirted another handful of sunscreen in his palm and smothered it all over Sherlock’s spine. “Yeah, Dimmock is having a birthday party. He’ll hang out until late night, I bet, and get involved in poker and scam the shit out of guests again.”
“Okay! See you, Irene!” Jake hugged her calf one last time before running over to Will. Irene yelled them goodbye and climbed out. Thankfully, no sign of Sherlock or John in the front yard, nor of tourists or Greg.
Sherlock rested his cheek on the edge of John’s arm. “I’m sorry,” he said contritely. “How old were they?”
But as it turned out, he didn’t have to go far to stumble upon Sherlock. The moment he exited the shop, the uninviting sounds of threats and taunts reached his ears, unpleasant as they were. The Mall wasn’t terribly busy, and the row was happening at a strategic place away from the eyes of visitors, save for the audio broadcast.
“You know,” Marina said, purring. “Maybe… Maybe living here could be more bearable. With friends, I mean.”
"Idiots," Hermione muttered under her breath, but she smiled nonetheless. For a while it felt like the start of a normal day, except it wasn’t. Even though it seemed that his friends finally eased up a little ever since arriving to Grimmauld Place number Twelve, Harry still felt the dread hanging up above their heads.
She put her hand to Sherlock’s cheek as he stood up and bent over to kiss her forehead.  “Come back and see me soon,” she told him.  She looked across to John and reached out a hand to him.  “And you’ll be very welcome too,” she said as he gently squeezed her fingers.
Finally, on the outskirts of Whyteleafe village they arrived at the entrance to what appeared to be a large estate.  Sherlock asked the driver to stop at the open gates, telling him that he and John would walk the rest of the way.  They began to walk up the long drive, and John whistled when they came in sight of a large country house.  Three storeys high with huge windows, ornate chimney pots and walls covered with ivy, the building was clearly several hundred years old; in John’s opinion it was a typical example of a posh mansion.
hard to resist the temptation to set fire to your face and then put the flames out with a shovel, but it’s becoming increasingly difficult.
Once Sherlock had convinced a hysterical Mrs Hudson that she wasn’t seeing a ghost, he made his way upstairs.  Seeing his home for the first time in two years was such a relief, spoiled only by John’s absence.  Apparently he really
But eventually he couldn’t avoid the inevitable and he slowly walked down the stairs and into the living room.  It hurt being there again; Mrs Hudson had told him that after packing most of Sherlock’s scientific equipment into boxes she hadn’t been able to bring herself to start clearing the rest of his stuff, and so the living room looked almost the same as when he had last been there.  There were so many memories in the room, all of them overwritten by the much stronger memory of Sherlock plummeting to the ground outside the hospital.  Grimly John extracted his few possessions from the room – his medical books, some novels, DVDs and a few other bits – then he went into the kitchen and had a quick look through the cupboards.  The only thing he felt like taking was his RAMC mug which he had brought with him from his lonely bedsit.  Everything else in the kitchen had either been provided by Mrs Hudson or was something he and/or Sherlock had bought, and John didn’t want anything which he would always associate with his friend.
Sherlock grimaced.  For a moment John thought he wouldn’t answer but then Sherlock said softly, “I miss you.”
“So you’re the one who’s most responsible for getting them together in the first place, are you, Mike?”
“Oh, you two,” she said with affectionate exasperation.  “What’s going on with you?  Why won’t you just admit it?”
find himself buying a bear for Sherlock it wasn’t intended as a joke – John would never be that unkind – but at the start of a new case he had noticed how Sherlock had been slightly distracted when the client came to Baker Street and brought her six year old daughter with her.  The little girl had almost inevitably started to get fractious within a few minutes of their arrival, bored with the serious conversation going on around her.  The moment she started to whine and tug on her mother’s arm, Mrs Draper reached into her large handbag, pulled out a teddy bear and handed it to her daughter, suggesting that she go and play on the sofa and let the grown-ups talk.  The girl scrambled up onto the cushions and played quietly with her bear for the rest of the interview.
“I was just talking with Mike here. He’s one of the reasons that Holmes and Watson are together now, you know!”
“I know you do,” she said sympathetically.  “We all do, and we all miss him terribly, but you know he can’t come back.”
“No, I don’t think so,” Rogers drew out the last word, squinting at a letter he had for Greg. He lifted his round glasses, not aiding his vision one bit. “Seems like some official letter, but not from the tax collector.”
Marina lost no time, one of her tentacles shot out of the water, wrapped around Irene’s legs, and tugged. Irene barely registered it and had no opportunity to even scream, much less defend herself. Sam sprung to action, but Cas was two steps ahead of him, thank goodness.
birthday,” John pointed out, the car halting at a red light. The TV shop (or whatever) was situated at the end of Reichenbach Falls almost near the farms. The rain has stopped since they set out, but the sky remained overcast, granting the earth a prolonged rest from the near-constant summer sunlight.
John closed his eyes, content.  He let his thoughts wander and fell into a bit of a doze.  He wasn’t sure how long he was out, but he awoke with Sherlock shifting so he could nuzzle into John’s crotch.
John chewed his lip.  “You know,” he said, “maybe I can help you out with that. Let me make a call.  Have you been banned from Jimmy’s?”
“No!” interrupted Sherlock, his voice loud in the room.  “No.  I need you with me, here.  You’re not the most luminous of people, but you are an excellent conductor of light.”
“I’m going to kiss you now,” said Sherlock, and he did, quite thoroughly, until John was a bit breathless and, once again, hard as a rock.  “You know,” he said, pulling away from John’s mouth, “you have completely underestimated vanilla.”
, his toothbrush) all indicate his permanence.  Sherlock is sharing his life with someone -- successfully -- for the first time in his adult life.
They walked slowly back to the stables at the back of the property, making small talk, the dog staying close to his master’s side.  Lestrade offered nothing more about the eccentric Mr. Holmes, except to say that he did tend to come and go via helicopter because he lived and worked in London, and that he indeed was employed by the government.
Instead, he ventured into the walled garden and found Lestrade contemplating a rose bush.  It looked green and healthy to John, but Lestrade’s brow was creased.
There had been touching.  Hands to shoulders, fingertips to fingertips, arms touching as they sat together as they did now.  John wanted more.  What would it be like to strip it all away, the wool and cotton, to be skin to skin?  To hold Sherlock’s large, fine-boned hand in his own, to trace his brow with the backs of his fingers?  To hold him tight, to kiss his lips?  To be held down by someone so much taller than he was?  To massage his giant feet?  John smiled at the last image.  He loved Sherlock’s long, pale feet, so often on display around the flat.   What would it be like?  To make love with someone so much bigger than himself?
John frowned and nodded.  The kettle made little noises as it heated, but otherwise the flat was still and quiet.  Outside, a car hooted its horn.  “May I ask whose?” he said at last, with a horrible suspicion he already knew the answer.
And, occasionally, Sherlock would forget that he was British, throw all his reserve right out the window and not-so-gently manhandle his lover into his favourite position.
weird.  Who records themselves and delivers messages from beyond the grave?   “There were a lot of things we never said to each other,” he admits.  “When she died, there were…things I’d never told her.  We didn’t know each other as well as we thought we did.”
“Hey mate, that’s for employees only,” said the other barman.  John gave him a look that spoke volumes and he backed off, raising his hands in a placating gesture.
John was out the door at the first sound of a scuffle.  He watched, amazed, as Sherlock bobbed and ducked.  He fought well.  He had obviously trained in some type of martial arts, and while the barman had significantly more upper body muscle mass than Sherlock did, he had yet to land a debilitating blow.  John aimed to keep it that way.
“I’m not interested in her, if that’s what you’re worried about.  Case, remember?  She could be some serial killer for all I know.”
Just being in the spa was so comforting that John found himself unable to think quite clearly.  The water looked so inviting and warm and comfortable...  Sherlock, on the other hand, was revelling in data.  John loved to watch him think; it was such a visible process.  For a while he had watched Lillian, who was too busy explaining to notice his scrutiny.  Then he turned his attention to the guests and the pools and the decor.
“That’s exactly my point!” yelled Sherlock.  “He fell and you did NOTHING!  He died and you did NOTHING!”  He took a moment to compose himself, then started in again.  “Except you did, didn’t you?  You threw your boots into the pond.  Leather and rubber take a very, very long time to decompose, Mr. Owens.”
“We were just finishing off.  Please come in.”  John stepped through the doorway and followed Mr. Chapman as he shuffled his way into the living room, where another elderly gentleman, distinguished-looking and completely bald, was sitting at a card table.  “I beat him every week,” said Mr. Chapman.  “But I think he lets me win.”
close to someone else -- terrified John to his core.  Ella had said he had ‘trust issues’.  He did.  Big ones.  And trusting Sherlock with his heart?  That was a monumental gamble.
Satisfied, John sat back on the grass and shed his jumper as he’d worked up quite the sweat in his dance with the foliage.  He couldn’t just cut the ivy down: Lestrade would notice.  A pocketknife would make quick work of little tendrils that attached the ivy to the wall, though.  If he cut the right ones, maybe he could make a curtain of it and hope the door opened inward.  Renewed, his belly fluttering a bit with anticipation, John began to work, and soon he was able to slip past the green vines.  The wooden door was painted green.  No wonder it had been difficult to spot: it was perfectly camouflaged.  John dug in his pocket for the keys, and with a sense of satisfaction, opened the padlock and then fitted the old skeleton key into its lock and prayed that it would turn.  After some initial resistance, it did.  With a smirk that would rival Mycroft’s, John slipped past the door and into a different world.
John’s still asleep, and I’m comfortable, so I’m perfectly content to stay like this, spooned up behind him, pressing my erection into his backside.  He’ll wake up soon.  I always do when I’m in this position, feeling him pressed up against my back.  Hello, sexy.
.  Sherlock Holmes, world’s only consulting detective, had turned into a jealous prat.  Oh, this was too good.  The whole thing - the hair, the waxing, the stupid, stupid honeymoon suite- it was almost as if the very force of nature were moving the two of them together, telling them to stop acting like idiots and just get on with it.  Once the case was solved, John told himself.  They’d solve this case, and then, well, then he’d march right up to Sherlock and claim what was his.
John spends some quality time with Sherlock.  A gardening accident cements John and Molly's friendship.
The weight of Sherlock’s body was substantial, but John laid there and felt his lover’s heart hammering away against his own.  These confessions were going to kill him.
“I’m not sure if ‘murder’ is the proper terminology, but I have sufficient reason to believe his death was suspicious.”
Eventually they shared a sleepy shower, gently soaping each other, saying little but enjoying the simple, surprisingly easy companionship.  John let Sherlock stay in longer, figuring hot water and a little privacy might be needed.  He wrapped himself in a towel, and while his lover finished in the bathroom, John found clean linen in the antique wardrobe, stripped and remade the bed.
“It was delicious.  Complex flavour, with just subtle added spice, an exotic aftertaste.”  He pulled back the duvet so John could see what he was doing.  John struggled to keep his eyes open as Sherlock prepared to take him in mouth.  “John,” he rumbled, eyes looking up under dark lashes, “how do you like a hint of
“Right,” he said, anger rising again.  “Must have been pretty memorable if they satiated your libido for the rest of your life, ‘cause I’m fairly certain ‘had’ is the correct form of the verb.”  Sherlock gave him a strange look, a mixture of disdain, loathing, and hurt, before turning his attention back to whatever he was studying.  Conversation over.  “I’m going to bed, yeah?  Try not to stay up all night.”
“I like your tuba,” John says.  “The instrument,” he clarifies a moment later, just in case.  “I can’t imagine you without it.”
“But chess later?”  Sherlock shrugged out of his shirt and draped it over a lounge chair before toeing off his shoes.
Sherlock gives John the grand tour.  The ground floor sitting room is all exposed brick and oak beams.  The kitchen has been recently updated.  Upstairs, three small bedrooms (one is completely empty) and a bathroom.  There are also a couple of outbuildings.  It’s lovely.
Sherlock was forced to relinquish his makeshift lab when in the second week in June, Mycroft Holmes returned to his family home with a briefcase full of papers, his assistant Anthea, and an estate agent.
John did his best to keep his body pliant as Sherlock fondled him.  It was more like Sherlock was exploring, memorising how John’s skin felt while submerged, whether or not his flesh would respond to touch differently while wet.  Long, warm fingers plucked at his nipples, smoothed down and over his ribs, worked down between his legs, tested the weight of his bollocks, the firmness of his prick before sliding down his thighs and back up.  He was gentle and slow, and, true to his word, didn’t seem intent on bringing John or himself to orgasm.  Nonetheless, it wasn’t long before John found his breathing speed up, a familiar ache building in the floor of his pelvis.
“Please don’t tell me you were going to do the liver catalase and hydrogen peroxide reaction in your brother’s study,” John groaned.
John found the room easily and locked himself in.  He imagined that Sherlock would be able to tell the man’s entire life’s history from the can of economy shaving foam, toothbrush, and comb on the sink.  All John saw was the evidence of a man who lived alone and somewhat frugally.
Mary doesn’t mind, but she does wonder if she could fire a bullet from her 9mm through it at 100 metres.
“This one.”  John tried his best to emulate Sherlock’s trademark smoulder, used on women as a means to an end, but, sadly, never directed at him.  John imagined that if he ever did get that look for real, he just may melt into a puddle of want on the floor.
“Throb” is a funny word, anyway.  John would be delighted if I said as much, called a word amusing.  He holds sentiment for certain words, finds power in others.  Some words John chooses his words wisely.  He wields them with precision.  Other words he throws carelessly around, curses or swears, terms of endearment (for me!).  I find words practical.  A specific word can make all the difference in the world when trying to solve a case.  Auburn hair is not the same as red.  “Sort of pudgy” is not the same as “doughy” or “corpulent”.  Words should not be funny.  But I must admit that some of them are more delightful to the tongue than others.  “Cacophony” simply sounds nice, what with all its consonants and middle digraph.  I like the sound of the words “conundrum” and “octogenarian”.  Some words sound particularly vulgar (fecund) even if they are not, and others sound pleasing to the ear while carrying particularly negative connotations (presumptuous).  “Throb” can mean life-giving pulse, the mighty push of every heartbeat, or the thump of a bass line reverberating through bodies packed onto a dance floor in an underground club.  Throb is the distinctly uncomfortable (even painful) sensation of a migraine, of manacled hands, or a blow to the back of the head.  Throb is what wounds do.
“Yes, but no one saw anything out of the ordinary.  Let’s see.  They were…”  Sherlock opened a small moleskin notebook he’d used for his original notes.  “Luke Simmons and Mitchell Amos.”
Sherlock had hijacked Mycroft’s office.  It was the only place in the giant house that the internet worked properly, so Sherlock had commandeered it and moved every piece of chemical equipment he had to set up a laboratory of sorts.  John leaned in the doorway, watching with amusement as Sherlock wiped Mycroft’s desk clear of papers and knicknacks, scattering things to the floor.  Childish, yes.  Still funny.  Especially because Sherlock looked the part of the mad scientist: his hair wild and pushed up out of his face by safety goggles, dressing gown unbelted and flapping about, his long feet bare.  He was attaching a clamp to a ring stand when the doorbell chimed.
“You’re welcome to the thermal cycler,” said Mike, leading them over to an open workspace.  “Clean what you use, replace what you break.  So detective work, eh?”
John has the most beautiful buttocks.  My hands fit right over them.  I like to squeeze and knead them a bit, run my palms over the tiny, translucent hairs on them, before gently parting his cheeks.  Ah, yes.  Here, John’s hair is like that under his arms, but curlier.  Bending to him, I take a cue from Redbeard and nuzzle his cleft with my nose and he lets out a breathy laugh.  (Yes, there is joy in this act).  I can breathe on him like this, just warm him up a bit, watch his tight hole clench a bit.  Relax, John.  Let me love you.
“Do you plan on stepping back a bit in the future?” asked Sherlock.  “Operating this place must keep you on your toes.”
protecting Sherlock.  He may never hold his hand in public or buy him roses, but he could definitely throw - or take - a punch if he needed to.  John was also aware of how his presence had mellowed Sherlock.  He was still sometimes maddeningly childish and reckless, but his bouts of depression seemed farther apart and less severe than they had when John had first met him, and his arrogance and disregard for others’ feelings, while still there, were held in check a bit better.  John was quite convinced that Sherlock would never be altruistic or be capable of casual relationships, but something about the man had.... John wanted to say “changed,” but Sherlock hadn’t changed.  He’d just matured a bit.
Sherlock rolled them both onto their sides and pulled out.  John winced (that never seemed incredibly pleasant) and stretched.  What was up with his skin?  A hot shower was definitely in order, or he would be sore tomorrow.  To his left, Sherlock was tugging at something.
Sherlock was waiting for him by the garden door.  He’d pulled some of the ivy down; the door was once again visible.
Sherlock considered before shaking his head.  “Not in the mood.”  He breathed out loudly through his mouth.  “There’s nothing to
We’re not particularly talkative this morning.  Sometimes I can’t shut up, and other times John spends a considerable time uttering blasphemous curses to a God he doesn’t even really believe in anymore.  He’s grunting now because we’re working, as usual, in tandem: he’s pulling his cock as I’m fucking his arse with my fingers, for I am fucking him now, watching all the while as my top-button-always-buttoned lover sweats for me.  I want to put us together, wrap our cocks in my hand and rub against him, but I also want to come inside him.
“No, it’s not,” said Sherlock, irritation seeping into his voice.  He held up a paper.  “Because the day my father died, Miles Donovan was up before the Leeds magistrates for ABH.  Punched a fellow traffic warden, apparently.  Looks like his violent streak extended beyond his family.”
Afterwards, John was so adamant that our kitchen is not a proper laboratory that for my birthday he had a chemical hood installed.  Mrs. Hudson was overjoyed.
.  There was someone else there, I’m sure of it.  However he came to fall from that ladder, that person took my father’s flower.  He lay there, dead, for hours, until Mum came back and found him.  I didn’t know.  So stupid.  So incredibly stupid.”
John didn’t keep track of how long Sherlock was at it this time around, but it was long enough to make him hot enough to abandon his blankets, for he threw them off himself violently.  John shivered at both the loss of contact and the cool air hitting his wet backside.
Lestrade waited for the air to clear, then rolled his window back up.  John did the same; the air conditioning was turned up and the managed to crawl another half mile up the road before John couldn’t help it.
“...loves you very much,” said John, finding his voice.  “He does, he does.”  John reached up to take the flower and flung it away, the last petal still clinging to the head.  He heaved in a breath and let it out, unbridled joy replacing his fear and nervousness.  His eyes met Sherlock’s.   “I do.”
John couldn’t help but marvel at the sheer size of the place.  He couldn’t believe that someone actually still privately owned it for single family use, that it hadn’t been turned into a stately home or something.  He hefted his bag again and slowly followed Mr. Holmes’ assistant up stone steps led up to a formal doorway; shapely pruned potted evergreens stood sentinel at either side of the massive oak door with glass insets.
“What’ve you got there, boy?” he asked, using his cane to pull himself up.  He left his birds on the bench as he went over to the other side of the fountain, where a few rose bushes formed a semicircle around a sculpture of a faun with panpipes.  Toby was pawing at one of the flagstones that surrounded the sculpture that apparently had cracked and loosened.  Crouching down, John cleared away some dirt and stray dead leaves.  His fingers felt the edge of the stone, and he pulled it up easily.
“Still.”  Sherlock took a sip of his own whisky, savouring it.  John had only seen him drink spirits a few times.  In general, he avoided alcohol altogether, despite his considerable knowledge of it, complaining that it damaged brain cells and made it difficult to think.  Tonight, however, he’d knocked back the first measure before taking his time with the second and now third.  “I doubt my parents would have even noticed I was missing,” he said, “but Mycroft would have.”
John felt a swell of pride.  Protecting Sherlock from himself was an arduous and often annoying task, but he still remembered when they met, when he had, without even thinking, shot a man who intended Sherlock harm.  “You’re an idiot,” he had told Sherlock.  John was right in his own deduction that Sherlock risked his life to prove his own intelligence, but, as a man who’d risked his own life to prove his bravery, devotion, and skill, they could be idiots together.
Their ride back to Holmes Hall was considerably slower than the ride into Leeds, and John felt much more comfortable.  Darkness fell, and with it, the temperature.  He leaned forward, against Sherlock’s back, and closed his eyes, enjoying the cool breeze and the solid presence in front of him.  Within an hour they were back home.
John and Sherlock sat in the back of one of Mycroft’s cars, both quiet and pensive.  Just as they were about to leave, John saw something that made him smile.  He tugged on Sherlock’s sleeve.
“You have an unhealthy obsession with hair,” John teased, finding Sherlock’s foot under the table and nudging it with his shoe.
Sherlock attempted a retort but must have thought better of it.  “You can decide for yourself,” he said at length.  “I’ll be staying for a while.  My darling brother has cut off my cash and paid off any of my...associates...who could have helped me in my time of great need.”
Mycroft gave the pastries one final longing glance before sitting down at the table opposite where John had been.  “No, actually, I was hoping to speak with you.  I find you curious, John.  It’s been years since my brother has taken a personal interest in another person.”
John thought of Sherlock on the floor of his bedroom, covered in sweat and grime.  He honestly couldn’t picture the man doing anything posh, much less using formal place settings.  From what he had briefly seen of the man, he was as slovenly as his brother was refined.  “Maybe try some plain porridge,” he said.  “Or a banana.  His stomach is probably still really tetchy.   Anything heavy should probably wait.”
A lump of emotion formed in John’s throat.  He smiled softly and moved in for a kiss, which grew from sweet to heated in a manner of minutes.  “Haven’t brushed my teeth,” he murmured when they broke apart for air.
The blue velvet bag that holds the mouthpiece, however, is empty.  He tears the flat apart but comes up empty handed.  His lip hurts too badly to play, anyway.
Sherlock changes the subject.  “What do you want?” he asks.  “Not money or power.  You’ve made that abundantly clear.”
“Navya Kapur,” Sherlock repeated, sighing in annoyance.  “She works on the reception desk.  Highly underutilised.  If I were you, I would promote her on the spot.”
John thinks about the road ahead.  He knows what he wants, and he’ll have to be brave and at least try before he loses the opportunity.  He’s been granted so many, and he’s tired of tempting fate.
Sherlock looked at him, one eye peeking out from under his fringe as he lay face-down on the pillow.
It’s not like he’s never seen Sherlock cry before.  The first time was for the Woman.  Not because the emotional debacle she presented; no, Sherlock’s inability to deal with those unprecedented
“Yes, I know,” replied Sherlock, stepping yet further into Owens’ house.  Owens kept his hand on the doorknob, his eyebrows drawn together in utter befuddlement.  Sherlock then turned the corner and went into the sitting room.  Owens had no choice but to follow.
“You know,” said John, an idea forming in his mind as he got up to go back to his room for the night, “you really do have interesting stories.  Maybe I...I have a blog, you see.  I’m supposed to write as a form of therapy.  I’ve found I don’t really have much to say.  I don’t consider myself much of a writer.  Nothing much happens to me.   But, if you don’t mind, I could write up one of your cases.  And then you could post it?  Maybe generate a client or two.”
“Yes!  You weren’t kidding about the cheekbones, were you?”  She smiled and raised her eyebrows a bit. “He’s out in the gardens, I think.  Came through here like a whirlwind a while ago.  Hasn’t been back in since.  I do hope you’re enjoying yourselves.”
Sherlock looked agitated.  He fiddled with his coffee cup, smoothed his hair, checked his phone.  They sat in front of a large panel of windows at The Arch Cafe waiting for Sally Donovan.
“Oh, Sherlock,” he said, finding those strange, grey-green eyes and holding them.  “With every fibre of my being.”
“I have beer,” said Owens from the kitchen.  “Or I suppose I could make a brew?.”  John was struck with the realisation that Owens had been so removed from anything resembling a social life for so long that he’d forgotten the protocols and was unsure how to proceed.
“Take the 12:49 train.  Bring your things; if you are suitable you can take occupancy immediately.  I’ll meet you at the station.”  And with that, she rang off.
, the two of them would have fallen into bed together, especially in the post-case adrenaline rush, but he couldn’t do it – too much to lose, he thought, and so he ignored his body, took his body’s reaction to Sherlock’s and relegated it to masturbatory fantasies.
“Did he have another vision?” Sam asked quietly as the angel retreated out of sight. “Or a flashback?”
“Sorry! Seb fucked up!” Eddie shouted, crying out an ‘ouch’ when Wilkes stomped on his foot. “Hey, it’s true! Don’t get pissy, bitch. But anyway, we found karaoke!”
She agreed on letting John stay after politely asking - he saw it fit since Sherlock was his friend and that's what friends do.
With an animalistic roar from behind the immobile features, Cage’s temper finally reached its peak. He charged at John, limbs wobbly, the blade of the katana glistering in the light of outside lamps, left and right. John kept the bat ready for self-defense. He was still faster than Cage and the soft body of wool he possessed.
“I told you, you won’t do any damage to them,” Cas said, raising his arm in what was supposed to be the last gesture Cage would ever see. But the inconvenience of a creature had to one-up him and jump at his head and over him.
“Millie,” Greg said, half sitting on the desk. If he doesn’t stay upright he’ll fall asleep. “How are you?”
Hearing the commotion outside, a grandpa in his sixties came out of the small shack renting motor boats with a water spray bottle. He walked up to the man between Sherlock and John who was down doing a little happy dance of sorts, slapping his thighs and arms.
“It’s alright,” Irene waved dismissively. “I don’t find fishing engaging, I know I’m not losing out on anything.”
“Yeah, we need some new gossip material. If we’re lucky, we might get a new shipping bet on both of them!”
“What? What’s wrong?” John blinked, out of whack and beyond confusion. He coughed patting around to find a steady surface to pull himself up. The world spun and dizzied his vision into blackness momentarily as his blood pressure evened out. “Is the house on fire?”
Before Sherlock could come up with a retort, Lestrade marched inside, carrying a bunch of signs and hammer with nails in a pocket sized box.
“True. She’s one of Greg’s closest friends. She and Sally drag him out of the Shack when I’m not here.”
“And get a hunch as a result?” Sherlock arched a sardonic eyebrow, straightening himself on the chair automatically. “No, thank you. I need to have my back straight as a rod if I want to loom over people in the future.” He frowned at John’s snort. “What?”
“Which brings me to John. Mrs Hudson and I talked - two years ago, in fact, so it’s a bit weird to bring it up now, I guess, but it’s complicated - I’m going to propose to him the idea to move in with us.
“Go, go, GO!” Irene urged John, but he already hit the gas and they darted off, narrowly escaping a fist that would have smashed the golf cart into mere metal pieces.
“I can go make the fake permits and then I’ll join you,” Dean said. “It was hot as balls in the morning and I got lazy, but I’ll go now. You can go ahead, Sammy.”
The audience laughs again. Cas squints up at the ceiling as if evaluating his life choices, which is the smartest productivity he can do right now. He seems oddly suspicious and looks around. In the meantime, Sam and Dean start their sibling banter.
“Mind if we stop by?” Lestrade asked, eyeing him curiously. Sherlock observed his reflection in the gym’s see-through windows. He wasn’t
“John, right? I remember him when he was this tall,” Florida said, indicating the height with his hand placed flat in the air below his knee. He got seated at the round table near the balcony overseeing the nearest beach. “Not gonna lie, I didn’t think you’d leave that Shack of yours so willingly. What happened? Hit your head?”
̸I̸'̷d̸ ̵w̶a̸t̵c̶h̸ ̴o̵u̷t̷ ̴f̵o̸r̴ ̸a̵ ̸s̷h̶i̴f̶t̸ ̴i̵n̵ ̶g̷r̶a̶v̷i̶t̸y̶ ̸i̴f̸ ̴I̶ ̵w̵e̵r̷e̷ ̵y̷o̶u̶ ̷
He stopped, glancing at the ceiling, a smile curving his lips in an adorably as he re-lived his fondest memories. Dean has got little to no knowledge of Heaven and its logistics, same as he did with Cas and what he personally enjoyed. It was a rare glance into his inner world, and there was something so innately vulnerable about it that made his chest seize. After all, Cas knew all about him, but Dean never returned the sentiment. And, yeah, alright, Cas was an ass about it at first, but they’re best friends now, he should put in some effort. He hadn’t spent a year and a half looking for Cas to half-ass it. Who knows how long they had until the next Apocalypse?
Sherlock tugged at it and it released with no problem; it was only pinched there. It was the size of his pinkie finger, soft and yet grainy in texture. He rubbed the fabric between his fingers, holding it to the space under the door to see its colour. Faded pink. Huh. He saw it previously - but where?
Irene’s heart squeezed at that, a sense of deep emotion overcoming her for a short moment. “I do,” she said, feeling proud of her boys. For one, Sherlock even announcing this has been a huge step for him (and in front of Mrs Hudson, too!), and for John to come and confide in her… If this is the fruits of labour of matchmaking, she’ll do it forever.
"Oh my god I could've died!" shouted John, bewildered. "How are you so calm? If you took a step further you could've fallen who knows where!"
Sherlock chuckled to himself, hands stuffed in pockets and turned to look at John, only to face the destroyed doll of Nicolas Cage, printed eyes staring into the depths of his soul. He yelped back, gasping and fists clenching in short lived self-defense.
“That’s too long of a story. I’ll tell you someday, but not now. Maybe on Halloween, heh. Could make for a good horror story. I think we should focus on Hudders and her upcoming date, no?”
“But John,” Sherlock said, his silver eyes resting on John’s. “How can we know for sure if we don’t try it? It’s an experiment!”
“Who’s short now?” Irene teased, only to have the torch taken away from her as Kate reversed their heights in similar pettiness. “Hey! I have the right to be taller!”
Sherlock rubbed the heels of his palms into his eyes until he saw colourful hues in the shut-eye darkness. Mrs Hudson hugged him around the shoulders soothingly.
Re-energised by cold water of the lake, John tiptoed on the wooden boards, inching closer to Sherlock whose back was turned to him. Perfect. He needed to time it well. About halfway through Sherlock stood up, hands on hips, utterly oblivious to John’s devious plan.
“So, as days passed, I really took a liking to John. He was the sweetest kid, I swear. Kind, thoughtful, cute, cuddly,” he named the attributes, and Sherlock’s heart felt as though it could melt, imagining a young John, all big brown eyes and ruffled hair and chubby cheeks. Then Lestrade continued, though with less enthusiasm. “I got to meet his parents too. His mother was pregnant at the time with John’s sister, and seeing their whole fucked up family dynamic, I thought hey, I’ll take John to Oregon for a couple weeks.”
“Jesus,” John breathed, clutching at his heart. “You almost scared me to death! But morning to you too. Sleep well?”
“The leader heard one of them has powers that could come useful should the ghoul agree to join our side,” Moran said, taking his gun out. This was an unknown ghoul, danger was a possibility.
Janine left for their car, flipping her hair out of her stupid face. Maybe it wasn’t stupid, but Sherlock certainly thought so. Irene stood abandoned on the other side of the street, but her expression betrayed no emotion. He and John jogged up to her.
“Yeah, Greg’s a stubborn ass. Sorry.” He closed the fridge and finished his drink. “I was thinking… he could use a break. A proper one where he doesn’t count money all day or writes up false taxes. He needs a vacation.”
“Again?” Greg frowned, leaning closer to see what Rogers took out from his carrier bag. “Shit, did the tax collector find me? God dammit --”
John’s hand squeezed his shoulder. He looked at it expectantly, as if waiting for it to do something, like tell him the meaning of the universe and life. Or the number forty-two.
December rounded the corner faster than usual, and Mrs Hudson religiously kept an eye on the Advent candles every Sunday, lightning them even before Rosie woke up the rest of the household.
"Yes, she investigates muggleborns," Sherlock said, his face hardening momentarily. The man scratched his neck, scanning Harry over. "Quite the opportunist, if you ask me. It will be hard to get to her."
John tugged at Sherlock’s sleeve so that the two men he saw earlier with the Impala could pass to the end of the pier. Both were muttering under their breaths, heads bobbing up and down inconspicuously.
“Untrue,” Sherlock chimed in, taking a stand next to John. To his thrill, he rested his forearm on his shoulder, leering at the scrawny teens using all of his height to his advantage. “Your wallet can survive a little bleed from your more than adequate allowance. Your father is a businessman travelling across the US to negotiate sales with companies as is indicated by the baseball cap you’re wearing that bears the logo of the company your father works for --pretty cheap, if you ask me -- and your mother works from home because it is convenient. You are here despite getting grounded for talking back, I assume, since you’re so
The muffled cry of Molly being hit square in the eye reached her ears. She and Donna winced. “It is done.”
“You have James’ ring,” he explained, buying Dean time, “maybe putting them close to each other will trigger a reaction.”
“DO YOU WANT TO FEEL LIKE A MAN?” Mr Ripper yelled, his tiger eye twitching. Few customers hummed in agreement. “THEN COME AND WRITE YO’ SELF UP FOR A BOXING MATCH TO PROVE YOUR STRENGTH. LIKE A MAN!”
is going to be making John's moodboards and moodboards in general as she sees fit! :) check them out!
Sherlock gazed out of the window, sighing dreamily, a smile tugging at his lips. Ridiculous, truly. He discovered that since yesterday’s evening he smiled a lot more than usual. Even Irene started to notice, but he hadn’t the time yet to explain what had ensued the night before while she recalled twisted events from the Bible, most of them fueled by her meme knowledge and slurpees. Then she proceeded to retch in the bathroom for an hour once they got back from the theatre, John in full doctor mode (which, weirdly enough, made Sherlock weak in the knees despite not being the one receiving medical attention) in the meantime that Sherlock filmed some of Irene’s best quotes. He wouldn’t show her yet, though.
“I’ve got an idea,” John said. “How about we grab the journal, Greg’s car, and disappear for half a day and have an adventure of our own? Just the two of us?”
One cut later Sebastian stepped over the dead body, sprayed in cold blood. He let the dead man fall face-down, licking the blood off his lips. A part of the ritual called for it, so these idiots came in handy. Seb cleared his throat and the bartender threw him his bag.
- there, I plan to post more about potterlock and sherlock in general, maybe even write mini prompts, so you can submit something c: ficlets or oneshots, we can try together!
Greg smirked to himself, turning around only to jump back, gasping for breath. Irene stood right behind him, face twisted into a confused frown. “What did I just see? This was like watching a Simpsons episode.”
“Do you worry what they’ll think of your amnesia?” John asked him just as Irene and Sherlock joined them. Cas shuffled in his seat, gaze fixed on his hands.
John drew his last crimson sweater from the wardrobe; his Gryffindor jumper, possibly his favourite. He looked at his suitcase filled to the brim with robes, his normal clothes, and second-year books and decided to leave his Gryffindor jumper out. He’ll wear it tomorrow, ready to represent his House at any given moment.
“Uh, Winchester,” John supplied, trying to play it cool. Sherlock guessed he made the connection purely from his associations with the Winchester brothers, since angels normally do not possess last names.
“I don’t think we should get excited over a person possibly being kidnapped by the government or aliens, but it does sound intriguing.”
“The Chamber of Secrets, John!” Sherlock exclaimed, a fiery spark igniting in his bright eyes. “Have you heard of it?”
That was a reasonable offer. Sam didn’t think that Greg would suspect much. He had his own business to tend to, but maybe a heads up about his location would be helpful. “If you’d like, we can send you messages periodically, or call,” he told her. “You could bring a new perspective to the table which would help us connect the dots, even remotely.”
He watched as his reflection -- or was he the reflection now? -- dusted off his purple shirt and trousers, smoothing out its hair. The expression Sherlock got was evil, wicked, and a tad pitiful.
There was silence for a few seconds, and Mycroft thought they found him out. But then Sherlock spoke, “What do you know about the Chamber of Secrets, Dad?”
Breaking through the crowds and groups, Sherlock’s mind whirled with the possibilities and what ifs of the consequence of his not paying attention to John. Will he be angry? Certainly. He lost their child! Like
“I’m figuring it out,” the Doctor said. Then he turned his attention back to Sherlock and Irene. Sherlock’s look was calculating, undoubtedly assessing the duo in front of them. “You don’t seem too weirded out.”
He let out a sigh, carefully stepping over a branch that blocked his path. He readjusted his backpack and buttoned up his dark green shirt. Back home it helped him blend in with the surroundings, and not just there. His native clothes acted as good camouflage in every forest, and he had yet to experience a moment where it didn’t come in handy.
“I rise with the sun, hun. And my parents are banging pots and pans around the house because we’re expecting visitors. Fam from Michigan is staying over for a few days.”
“Let them out first,” John jerked his chin at the net. The merfolk there was breathing frantically. “They’re not made for this type of weather. You’re killing them!”
“Well if this isn’t the coincidence of the century,” Dean laughed and went to hug her. “See, Sam? Now we don’t have to look for her anymore!”
. I’ve got time for my plans regarding you two,” Sherlock glared at her in hopes of disintegrating her cells into separate atomic particles, “but no. I just meant that Mummy would be disappointed to learn you took up smoking, you know.”
The motor boat creased the still and quiet waters of the Reichenbach Lake, the mechanic sounds dulled by the water’s volume. Sherlock and John studied the curious case of Gloria Scott while Sam and Dean navigated further, finding a good spot to park the boat at.
“It’s a sweet, fuzzy drink. Technically a soda, but I’m not a soda scientist to know exactly,” he said by way of explanation, opening the fridge and taking out a two-liter bottle of Coca-Cola. He poured each of them a glass before taking a seat as well. The pizzas looked delicious (except Hawaii), the cheese melted, the crusts crispy, the toppings (
John had a hunch it was due to Greg’s history with his partner, but even this vague knowledge offered no firm ground to stand on. Racking his mind about it, he had an inkling that he did remember the partner’s name. Greg and him called over Skype during the summer, he was almost always travelling elsewhere. He was certain he’d never met the guy face-to-face. What did Greg call him? Something with M… Mark? Mike? Mike, that was it. However, the video calls stopped around the time John was eight or nine. He didn’t pry, but he guessed this was among the reasons as to why Greg took up smoking again.
“Perhaps. But I am too bored to bother caring about that. Maybe I’ll just run and leave you two to it, since I can see you’re not so interested in a relationship anymore.”
John’s eyes crinkled with joy and encouragement as he nodded in the direction of the door. “It makes sense you’d find
“Well, maybe if someone didn’t use all the milk in his godforsaken experiment we wouldn’t have to go and buy it!” said an angry soft voice. A groan followed with the sound of steps hurrying upstairs to the flat.
“I shall do what I do best,” Sherlock said, determined and convinced that this plan was going to work. “Any other tips?”
Sherlock thought for a moment, scanning Harry head to toes. "We’ll leave it like it is so far," he said, his icy eyes settling on his face. "Patronuses will be used for sending short messages if either of us discovered something significant. I don’t think we’d like to risk your position at Grimmauld Place now, especially with Greyback on our tails, so if you come back here every two days, we’ll come up with a proper plan to infiltrate the ministry."
of all people knew nothing. His pretense of ignorance, as always, was brilliant. The kids were in for a shock when they came around. Greg had a lot of secrets.
, Sherlock found himself thinking. It was obvious to him that Dean was the more hot-headed one when it came to comparing the brothers, but he thankfully wasn’t that stupid as he could’ve been. Sherlock liked when people defied his expectations.
“In twenty-twenty, Lucifer, my brother, was becoming the raging asshole that he is at an alarming speed. The Winchesters, being unlucky obnoxious bastards, have been chosen by Heaven, so to say, to stop it. They had other means to do so but they were brutal, so they did their own thing and wouldn’t you believe it! They fucking did it. Anyway.
Waiting for the Winchesters to return from their hunting trip in Florida, the trio of Irene, Sherlock, and John have to find something to pass the time. The boys help Cas buy clothes besides his dusty trench coat, and Irene and Kate go visit Jake to see whether he found anything incriminating on Mary. Also, Cas gets a pillow cat he names Beyoncé.
“Morning till noon was pretty unbearable,” he said. “except for you, of course. And the dogs. So that’s five out of ten, two and a half points each for you and our furry children. The quarry was adequately refreshing, and I enjoyed our time together outside. Adding up, I’ll give that a seven. And from the point of arriving here until now, that’s a solid ten.”
“JOHN!” she bellowed, kicking the door open. John shot up yelping, essentially slipping on his blanket and he tumbled on the carpeted floor. Irene stayed in the doorframe, hands on hips.
“I am! I very much am! But he’s a stubborn old ass, he’s not going to break a habit.” He drummed his fingers on his thigh. He knew that smoking was something he shouldn’t interfere with much. In the end, smokers generally didn’t care for an outside opinion. But… their health!
“Nope, just busy,” John said, fistbumbping him. “Sorry, Greg needs help around the house constantly these days. I see you’ve met Irene, Billy.”
Flying lessons were cool, the broomstick wasn't that hard to ride, and it even jumped into his hand on the first try! Even Greg did good, unlike a few First Years who simply hated playing with their chances with gravity and preferred to stay firmly on their two feet.
