“Eleven percent.”
Hello y'all. I'm sorry it's been 6 months.
“I think you got a lot of my weapons,” Tony says irritated.
“Up,” the Omega told Dum-E, and of course the bot took that all too far and went all the way down to the bottom of the mechanized boot they were working on.
“Actually…” Pepper trails off with a grimace.
Other than
, you should’ve been there yesterday.”
The two make their way into the plane and get settled. Rhodey looks at some classified documents he probably should not be going over in the vicinity of Tony, and Tony is going over the schematics of the Jericho in order to prepare for the presentation. There’s a sort of comfortable silence that can only exist between true friends.
When Tony looks up, he sees Zeke standing over him, silent tears running down the boy’s face. In a split second, Tony decides. He quickly packs a go-bag and takes Zeke with him to go see his mother.
Tony meets Pepper Potts when she comes in for a job interview as his personal assistant to see Tony trying to juggle a rowdy child, a screaming toddler, and a crying infant. Pepper quickly whisks Peter and Zeke away to let Tony feed an infant Harley in peace. He offers her a job on the spot.
“Records are made to be broken! Come on!” Tony starts zipping upwards.
“No, you intimidate them,” another soldier says smirking.
He shakes his head, reminiscing the way Howard beat into him the importance of his purity. “Don’t worry. It’ll be ok,” Obie smiles.
Tony and Pepper turn towards the child’s voice, this time belonging to Harley. Harley is doodling in his coloring book while Peter is playing a game of fetch with Dum-E, and both are in the sectioned off play area Tony made for his kids. Jamie is taking a nap in his playpen. Since coming back, Tony’s children have been rather adamant that they stay by Tony’s side as much as possible. Zeke would’ve been here as well if Tony hadn’t nagged the teenager into doing some homework this weekend if only to placate Obie about the Beta missing a couple of days of school.
“JARVIS, we get an invitation for that?” The Omega inquires.
He wondered what Tony’s fellow Avengers would think of their relationship, wondered if any of them already knew. (He doubted it.) They would likely be shocked, possibly even angry. It would be unlikely that they would understand. Steve didn’t understand. (And maybe Tony didn’t either). Steve already knew what his superiors would think of the relationship and what they would do because of it, which is why he had to make sure they never found out. (If they found out Steve would get
“Okay, you’re going to attach that to the base plate. Make sure you…” Tony trailed off as the arc reactor clicked into place and a jolt ran through his body.
“Keep going!”
“I put a tiny camera on my door to catch the culprit. I already knew it was Mr. Bassett. If it was anyone else, I wouldn’t have done this. But I knew Mr. Bassett would put up a fuss about my camera or something if I tried to deal with it with just him and the landlord and then nothing would actually come out of it. Mr. Bassett is the type to only respond to this kind of public humiliation.”
Tony learns about his captors. The Ten Rings. The terrorist group that has been using
Peter and Harley both nod seriously and simultaneously chime, “Of course, Momma.” After kissing Tony goodbye, the boys turn away and walk into the building. Tony doesn’t leave until after he watches them disappear through the double doors.
Tony thinks.
Pepper smiles sincerely. “Of course you do. I’m in your corner, Tony.”
“You have, actually, excellent bone structure, there,” Tony continues, “I'm kind of having a hard time not looking at you now. Is that weird?” They all laugh. “Come on, it’s okay, laugh.”
For his first marriage anniversary, his mother hosts a little dinner, where his father not-so-subtly prods Tony and Obie on when they are going to start having children.
“I have to. I’m the only one who can. First, JARVIS, how is the baby looking?”
“And where is my darling husband?” Tony asks sardonically as he ducks into the car.
Alpha Ruts happen 3-4 times a year after puberty in young, healthy Alphas. This dwindles up until 1-2 times a year as Alphas age. Omega Heats happen every 3 months (4 times per year) until menopause and they stop altogether. Heats are pretty regular but can be early/delayed by extreme stress, but never more than 3 weeks.
“Oh yeah, yeah, the guy from the…” Tony struggles to remember the name of the agency as he grabs his drink.
When Tony thinks all hope is lost, a mechanized claw holds the glass box towards Tony. Tony grabs it. “Good boy,” he manages to croak out to Dum-E. He smashes the glass box onto the ground and grabs the arc reactor from the remnants. He immediately fits it into the gaping hole in his chest and is immediately able to breathe easier. Despite that, Tony still loses his battle to unconsciousness.
“Right now!”
“Fine,” the doctor bites, “But we took some bloodwork, and the test results came back so I may as well tell you those. Most of it states the obvious: high blood pressure, low blood sugar, low cholesterol, all likely due to malnutrition. However, the test results also state that you are pregnant, about a week or so. It is too early to be detected through your scent, which is why it wasn’t obvious immediately. That should change soon, however. Considering the circumstances, I will hold my congratulations. I will leave you to inform your Alpha about that, and you can talk about your options with him and your obstetrician. I will go get you those forms now.”
“He was still your father,” the Omega continues weakly. Tony can see both Rhodey and Happy rolling their eyes simultaneously at his defense of the admittedly awful man.
“JARVIS, connect to Pepper.”
Tony zips up the dirty hoodie he woke up in,  feeling uncomfortable and self-conscious. His eyes dart across the cave (which he has realized is where he is being kept,
Tony makes it out, but Yahya…
Tony couldn’t let this happen. Not only was Yahya the father of his possible unborn child, but also someone Tony’s come to care for deeply in a short amount of time.
Tony sighed and rubbed his temple. Nanny Clara was usually an amazing help around the house, but at moments like this Tony wondered if having her around was worth it.
They don’t hug for long as they have work to do. They have to finish building the armored suit tonight.
“Hi, Rhodey, it’s me.”
Tony rolls his eyes. “It’s not pus. It’s an inorganic plasmic discharge from the device, not from my body.”
Life goes on.
Tony had crash-landed in the desert after completely obliterating the Ten Rings encampment. He spends days walking, trying to find a lick of civilization. If not somewhere he could contact home, somewhere he could rest and eat and drink water.
“Thank you, Samantha. Would you be a darling and please heat up the sake to go with that?” Samantha leaves, presumably to get the Japanese food and drink requested.
“Call me Obie,” he interrupts, “We are married after all.”
And that was that.
It was all that Zeke needed to hear. It opened the flood gates. “I thought you were dead,” Zeke says with tears streaming down his face, “I wanted to be hopeful, but a part of me thought you were dead, and that belief just grew stronger with each day there was no news.”
“N-no, I-I can’t,” the Alpha stutters out.
“You’ll die!” He knows.
The grip on Steve’s waist instantly loosened and the weight on his chest listed. Steve’s heart sank even if he knew that this was what he asked for because he knew what would come. Tony had pushed himself onto his elbows; his eyes were wide open now, and he looked up at Steve earnestly. “No, you don’t Steve. You don’t have to go back to them.”
“Why do you sound out of breath, Tony?” The Beta questions with suspicion.
“Yeah. Isn’t that strange? It’s the same day as last year,” Pepper says sardonically.
by AC/DC.
Rhodey stays silent. Tony continues, “They had my weapons. The guys that took me. They had my weapons and I don’t know how. But I’m going to figure it out. First thing after I get home.”
“Nothing, sir,” Yahya answers nervously, “Just work.”
“And?”
***Reminder: Everyone has bonding glands by which biting it (usually during sex) creates a bond. These bonding bites fade over time. In order to create long-lasting bonds, bonding bites need to be refreshed. This is traditionally during Heat for Omegas and Rut for Alphas, but can be done whenever, as done by Betas. Bonding glands are located on the junction between the neck and shoulder for Alphas, on the junction between the underside of the chin and neck for Betas, and on the back of the neck near the upper back for Omegas.
“We’re not nearly ready for another one,” Obie says easily, “Zeke is enough of a handful.”
“dead.”
Being married doesn’t really have any drastic changes, other than Zeke. He spends a lot of time with Zeke, especially in the summer. Nanny Clara’s burden is eased as Tony plays the parental role in Zeke’s life that Obie never bothered to. It’s harder during the year as Tony tries to finish his Masters's degrees, nevertheless, Tony gives Zeke as much attention as he can. He even introduces Zeke to Rhodey. (The boy is instantly impressed with this Beta soldier, and many times says he would like to be like him when he gets older.)
Tony groans. “It’s in June. Please, don’t harangue me about stuff that’s way, way down…” As grateful as Tony is for his experience at MIT, he disdained the way they championed his existence as a highly successful Omega alum of theirs to indicate the school’s progressiveness. Never mind that Tony had been the only Omega when he attended (at both the undergraduate and graduate levels), and even after years of Tony haranguing the institution, Omegas now only make up around 3% of the admissions.
The soldier next to him hesitantly started raising his hand. “You’re kidding me with the hand up, right?”
“She’s fine. She’s with five agents. They’re about to arrest Obadiah.”
Alphas were once considered all to be male and Omegas were once considered to all be female, regardless of secondary sexual features due to Alphas' inability to carry and Omegas' inability to impregnate. Both Alphas and Omegas revolted against this idea in the early 1600s because males and females in Alphas and Omegas felt like they were different from one another and it helped that their biological features supported that. The M/F distinction already existed in Betas and was then applied to Alphas and Omegas. However, this paved the way for the transgender movement as it was already proved that gender had to do with emotions and psychology and not just societal norms. So the M/F distinction is seen as gender while A/B/O is considered sex.
“He was no father to me,” Zeke continues ferociously.
~*~*~*~*~
Tony can’t go to his father’s highly publicized funeral as they are still hiding the fact that he is pregnant from the press. Obie cites Tony being in Heat as the reason why. Tony doesn’t care.
“I’m from a small town,” the Alpha says as he shakes the dice in hand, “It’s actually a nice place.”
One of the Alphas, the leader, starts to speak. Tony thinks it’s Arabic; he can’t tell. He indicates for Tony’s fellow captive to translate.
“The Tesseract is located in the lab storage room on the 82nd floor.” If the AI had teeth to grind, the HYDRA operative was sure that JARVIS would’ve been doing just that. Steve didn’t care.
“Is it gonna be like that every time you change the light thingy?” Peter asks softly.
Everhart smirks. Tony doesn’t understand why. In what world does she have any sort of upper hand here? “You must be the famous Pepper Potts.”
Dum-E does not stay put. “You are no benefit at all. You are a tragedy.”
Mr. Bassett huffs, but ultimately wiggles out of his orthopedic tennis shoes and hobbles barefoot the few feet to his apartment, the door slamming closed behind him.
Tony has decided. He’s going there, and getting rid of all of them, the weapons and the Ten Rings.
Luckily, no one on the subway seemed to recognize him, and if they did, they at least decided not to make a fuss about Captain America being on the same train as them. He didn’t even notice anyone trying to secretly record or take photos of him, on the subway or while he was walking on the streets (and he
“No, absolutely not,” Tony snaps. Tony can feel Obie stiffen up in anger, and the only reason he hadn’t lashed out yet was Pepper’s presence. “I mean, this is rudimentary. It’s got a lot of flaws and needs to be workshopped before it can be mass-produced. I have some plans for it, that’s why I’ve pushed everything else off, because I want to put my whole attention to it. It’s going to be great, I promise.”
It was fine. Tony has sex for the first time on his wedding night and it was fine. He honeymoons in the Caribbean for two weeks with his husband and it was fine. It was all just
“Please, try not to move, sir,” JARVIS seems to say in exasperation.
Tony looks at Zeke. Of Tony’s kids, Zeke looks the most like Obie. Peter is Tony’s carbon copy, while Harley is an even mix of him and his husband. Jamie’s looks lean more towards Obie, but he has Tony’s eyes and smile, which is apparent even at two and a half years old. Zeke looks the most like Obie because his other features were unfamiliar. He has Obie’s piercing blue eyes (like Harley) and the sandy blond hair the Alpha had two decades ago (like Jamie), but there is a lot of his biological mother in him. From pictures, Tony can tell that Zeke has her smile, her lips, and the shape of her eyes. But in the end, all Tony can see is the face of his son, not Obie, not some random woman he met twice in his youth, just Zeke.
Tony strides over to where his son is sitting and presses the back of his hand to Peter’s forehead. “Well, your fever’s broken. Did you sleep through the night? Did you throw up this morning?”
“Love you, too.” The phone call ends and Tony turns his attention back to his kid. He presses the back of his hand to Peter’s forehead, still a bit warmer than he’d like. “Harley, hon, can you sit here and take my place while I go get a warm washcloth for your brother? Run your hands through his hair like this, slowly and softly, okay?” Tony demonstrates for a minute before Harley crawls over and does it himself.
Sure, it looked and felt like Manhattan. The streets were noisy and bustling. One could see the city brimming with enormous buildings. People were hurrying down the street quickly, everyone having someone to see or somewhere to go. Cars were honking, in response to the vast traffic that perpetuated New York. It was definitely Manhattan. But at the same time, it
“Get down here now.”
He calls his primary obstetrician immediately, who graciously makes a house visit at 7:00pm on a Thursday evening.
He then flies overhead he starts to target the cache of weapons this faction of the Ten Rings held. Unexpectedly, he is quite literally blown out of the sky. He crashes to the ground, but it is not enough to stop him. He blows up the tank that tries to shoot at him before heading towards the sky once again. Then he targets the Jericho missiles and the blast destroys everything. Tony’s work is done here.
Tony stalks off to take care of his son without looking back.
“Just do as I do. Come on, put your hands up.” The Alpha puts his hands behind his head, and Tony hesitantly follows.
That is until Afghanistan.
And thus, Peter Parker Stane was welcomed into the world. (
All three of them walk toward the car. “You didn’t bring the kids?”
Tony is brimming with excitement. He would be bouncing on the balls of his feet, had Rhodey not forced him into a wheelchair right when he left that Middle Eastern hospital.
Tony goes down to the workshop, needing to continue working on his project. He has JARVIS turn on the news as he fits a metal gauntlet onto his hand, taking a screwdriver to its wiring as he focuses his attention on the screen.
“I'm allowed to have plans on my birthday.”
“I’m here, I’m here,” Tony soothes, running his hands through the hair and along the back and limbs of his children, trying to make the scents of despair and sadness wafting off his children go away. It just makes them hang on even tighter. He presses a hard kiss atop each boy’s head.
~*~*~*~*~
“Alright, alright,” Tony relents, “The truth is I don’t have a fucking clue. Or at least I didn’t until those bastards had me. I don’t know how they got them, but they had a lot of them. I already hated making weapons Rhodey, you know that, but knowing that literal terrorists have them makes that even worse. I need to find out how the Ten Rings got their hands on Stark weaponry. After that, I’m going to figure out a way to get Stark Industries out of the weapons industry entirely.”
“I didn’t have my Heat,” Tony lies, praying his husband was as ignorant of Omega biology as he seemed to be, “I must’ve not had it because of stress and malnourishment. And I wasn’t lying during the press conference. They didn’t rape me. They waterboarded me.”
Tony leans away and looks up at him slyly. "Could be. You kept me up pretty late."
Tony drains his glass and wants more. Whatever was in that drink sure dries you out.
She is indeed and collides against Tony's chest plate a second later. He curls an arm around her so she stays close and buries his nose in the soft feathers of her neck. The relief is immediate and immense, pain giving way to warmth.
"Anthony Stark," Carol says before her eyes go round. "Oh, fuck, that's it! You're Tony Stark!"
He hadn't considered living stars, but it's an idea. "Maybe. Or in mythology? Movies?"
Steve gets up and walks a few steps away to call Fury, not wanting to wake the boy. He explains the situation as best he can, and Fury tells him they're sending someone over. When he turns towards Tony again, Steve's heart thuds at the new scene. Tony has now tipped the kid sideways into a classic cradling position and is gazing down at him with a soft look on his face.
"That's where I think we'll find the others," Rhodey says. "Peter, now that Tony's back—"
"Shit."
"Bummer. If you ever come back, hit me up!" he says cheerfully, finally helping Jarons to sneak away.
For a second Steve looks shocked, but then he smiles. It's so beautiful, it transforms his entire face, and even though it's the best thing that Tony has seen all day, it's akin to a punch to the gut. He'll gladly give this to Steve—of course, he deserves to be happy with his long lost love—but it hurts, nonetheless.
Rhodey's eyebrows raise on his forehead. "You sent me
"It's not chickening out! Obviously this won't work; it's too cramped in here."
"Cool. Have we played a lot?"
"You have a perfect memory, no?" Cora asked.
"You know us," Steve says with a tremulous smile. "It's not always easy. You never said it would respond to me, so I assumed it wouldn't."
"I don't need to think about it," Tony hurries to say. Maybe he was too brusque. Or it's because Tony's been prickly since the rogues returned—it suggested harder feelings on Tony's part, not simply a mess of emotions because he cared so much. But Steve's face minutely falls.
"Simple. We take the drive and you by force," Yon-Rogg says with uttermost confidence.
"Where were you? Thor said there was an explosion. Everyone thought you were dead! What's this uniform?" He then turns to Carol with narrowed eyes. "And who's that? JARVIS said you flew to the helipad—"
Steve feels an instant wave of relief – which he sees echoed on Tony's face – and smiles widely. "Excellent, thank you, FRIDAY."
"It wasn't the right time then, and I'm asking you now. Please."
She leaves the shelter of Steve’s hand and climbs on Tony’s armored thigh, then sits back on her haunches, body raised and front paws curled on her white chest. There’s also a judging expression on Lilly’s little face that is so very Steve. She’s precious, and Tony retracts a gauntlet to reach out with one finger, petting her small head and then scratching under her jaw. Lilly’s fur is soft, and when Tony glances at Steve he’s looking fondly at their interaction.
Foolishly, he had thought Steve would announce that Bucky and him were a thing in the old days, so now that the love of his life was back, he was leaving Tony. A theory that still hasn't been disproved, but that was not the bombshell that Steve dropped.
"Hey, Tony. We're taking you off the machine now. Hang in there. You're safe, I promise. We're friends."
"Yeah."
Steve sighs, and to Tony's horror, his eyes fill with tears. "It was horrible."
Steve's expression, which had been pretty easy going and open until now, suddenly goes blank. His mouth pinches and he gets up, wrapping the blanket around his hips.
"Peter, come on! You said you were stronger!"
"We have eyeballs!" he says, turning the kitten towards Steve.
"It can wait. I consciously choose to not know, ergo it's not your choice to hide it, whatever it is."
"I don't like not understanding," Steve says, annoyance stirring in his gut. He'll never be able to catch up on everything he missed while in the ice, and it's frustrating that he trips up all the time on simple stuff.
There's always a level of flirty subtext with Tony, but it's rarely this overt. It could also be just friendly teasing, so Steve doesn't quite know if he should take it as interest. He'd love for it to be, as he's been nursing a crush on Tony for years.
Tony throws his head back and laughs.
He even reaches towards Tony, who slithers out of the other side of the pilot seat to avoid it because he's too jittery. One reason being currently in the back of the plane, and Tony figures he'll feel better if he faces that first, head on.
"That would be wonderful," Steve says with feeling. "It will be great. I'll help."
"Because I can't ask that of you..."
Van-Igha shakes her head. "I've always said that you're too smart for your own good, Anthony. You had a great life with us—"
It seems they're witnessing a battle between a robot and… kids? A boy with an orange hoodie and sunglasses shocks the robot with live wires, but unfortunately a girl next to him in a red and white costume gets zapped too. Suddenly, a big green bean-like… toy? Is that a plushie that flies? Whatever it is, it resembles the Hulk, with a smaller bean in a Captain America suit riding on his back, and they plow down the robot away from the kids. Oh dear. There are several flying beans in various costumes, including a Loki. They don't seem to be toys, after all, but very much alive.
"Awww," Sam coos. "Really cute."
"Let's go set up our miscreants." Tony grabs Steve's hand and pulls him towards the bathroom. "And we'll get right on that."
The End
It should be frustrating, but it only ratchets Steve's excitement; Tony knows what he's doing. It's amazing that he's always so sure of himself in giving pleasure, and insecure when it comes to feelings and emotions. It's fine though, Steve is thoroughly enjoying the former and will help Tony with the latter, as much as he can.
"Wait wait wait!" Steve sounds excited, which makes Tony pause.
"Seeing them without background info might jog your memories," Steve says with a shrug. "And if not, I still think it's pretty cool that you get to experience having a first impression all over again."
"You know better but to listen when I say things like that. Even less during sex."
The Kree force that is amassing behind Yon-Rogg is impressive; JARVIS relays that there are 150 Krees on the ground and thirteen hovering fighter ships. Tony knows the hidden Avengers and allies must be impatient to engage. It's almost time.
"Won't be long, baby," he says, before looking at Doctor Martin. "Could I do it? Feed her?"
Rhodey relaxes, but points at Steve. "What made you two fight wasn't cool. Don't hurt him again."
"So beautiful. Here, let me lift… that's it."
The exchange is easy; they must have known each other for years. It also tells Tony that Carol is not alien.
"Everyone starts with three up and three down," Nebula says. "There are as many rounds as there are players. In the end, the person who has the better hidden tile combination wins."
"Wakey wakey, Lilly baby," Tony murmured.
"Makes sense," Tony nods.
"Yeah, that's terrible." The kittens are two out of so many animals who die with no one being the wiser. But at least they can help these two.
"You just realized, didn’t you? Most visitors don't, at least not at first."
Steve smiles back, and it's heartbreakingly fond. "We did."
He's immediately charmed. It seems that Tony's incapable of coding an AI without an attitude, and he wouldn't want it any other way.
"Yeah, and you died," Tony says, still distressed about it. "I didn't like that one, even if some of the flying beans were cute."
"It's true that portals can open at various moments. But I built in a safeguard in the remote so that it returns to its reality at the moment it left it."
Tony winces. Repairing the suit without his tools and workshop will be a pain in the ass.
Probably for the best, considering how intoxicated they all are. They’re in the capital's center, a good hour's ride from their ship in the big spaceport near the coast. Also, now's not the time to fly a spaceship even if they wanted to leave the planet tonight.
the trash.
"I'm sure Tony will appreciate it," Rhodes adds with a half smile. He looks a lot more supportive, at least, and it's a confidence boost, just like the picture sharing had been.
"You're the best," Steve exclaims. He lets go of Tony's wrist at last, but it's to cup his cheeks and lean in to press their mouths together, in a move incredibly similar to their first kiss. "I love you so, so much," he adds as Tony's head spins with the shock and awe of it, before kissing him again.
Steve shakes his head. "No. West Coast, I imagine a couple of days, tops." They'll want to stop the transaction, but also find the place where they're making the substance.
Did Earth boost its defenses against threats from space, as Tony advocated? Were they hit with another invasion while he was gone? He thinks that a bit of caution is warranted.
"What about?" Rhodey insists. "He never told me. Looked devastated about it, so I know it was serious, but it's been driving me nuts for two years. You two broke up?"
"Anytime you want to rejoin the team, you can. You should know that," Steve says, and he pokes at the boot to give Tony time to compose himself again.
"I think we have our statement," Tony says.
"Yes!" Carol exclaims. "You know him too?"
"I'm always amazed by how stupid you are," Jim says. "Steve goes to the Tower to see you, idiot."
"I thought you'd never ask," Steve quips, circling Tony's waist with his free arm to pull him flush to his chest.
"They're blowing up your phone today," Tony says. "It could be important, Steve."
"That's good, quick thinking as always, I expected nothing less. Thank you, J. My personal override code for the suit, when I left for Asgard, was Charlie Alpha nine two nine Sierra Tango. The media say DUM-E was my first learning bot at 16, but I started working on you first, three years before that, on my Commodore 64. The prologue comments on your current code aren't just references to legacy coding. The first string of letters between dashes spells out 'I am proud of you' with a Vigenere Cipher where the key is 'Friend'." He pauses. "Look, my 30 seconds are probably up, but you're my greatest creation, J, even more than Iron Man. When I returned to the Malibu house, after Afghanistan, you told me that you'd calculated the probability of my safe return at 0.25%. I don't know what your numbers were for this one, but yes, I've defied death again, I'm really back, and I've missed you, buddy. Do you have questions for me?"
"Someone will recognize her, or me, sooner rather than later," Nebula says.
Tony misunderstands Steve's reaction as surprise at the achievement. He snorts, amused.
"But 117 nations," Tony finishes.
"Is it me not knowing either the game or this whole numeral system that clued you in?" Tony raises an eyebrow.
The intimacy of the gesture and Tony's hot breath make a shiver run down Steve's spine.
That doesn’t calm down Kol the slightest bit. In fact, he takes a step forward until he's almost bumping into Tony.
"Not even underwear, huh?" Steve teases, his hands dropping to grab at Tony's now naked ass and pull him close. It feels fantastic, both the kneading and the friction on his cock as he bumps against Steve.
And wow, that's so huge that Tony is immediately flustered. He untangles his hand, even as Steve seems reluctant to let go, to put it over his heart.
"Should have been you, darling," Tony says.
They’re all tipsy, or high, by that point, and Tony just can’t stop smiling.
He's not surprised when one of Steve's eyebrows rises in disbelieving amusement. That didn't work with Pepper either.
It's as if dominoes fall into place one after another in Tony's mind, and it's hard to mask his surprise. Dugan called Steve 'Cap', which has to be because he's the elusive Captain America. The Army's secret weapon, an extraordinarily strong soldier who fights like a demon.
"You were persistent," Ayesha reluctantly admits.
"It's a date then, big guy! Can't wait!" Tony says, before getting tacked by an enthusiastic Thor who hasn't read or noticed The Moment at all.
"Sorry. Can't help myself. I'll be good."
"I've got you," Steve says, wiping a mix of spit, precome, and lube off his chin with the back of his hand. He sits on his haunches, and that magnificent cock is just as hard as when they started, flushed red and enticing. He looks so wet too.
"The Iantusians must think we’re couples," Nebula says.
"Yeah," Steve agrees.
Her voice is loud over the murmurs of the small crowd.
"I'd love to drink your blood." Tony searches Steve's face. "Are you aware of what you're asking? It's very intimate."
"After you," Tony says. "Rhodey you're wrapping this up?"
"That is the spirit!" Thor gets to his feet and claps his hands. "I will bring you to my mother. She will explain better than me."
He's fantasized about having sex with Steve a thousand times, but something reared up to the top earlier, pun intended.
"Thanks, it's appreciated," Rhodey says. "And please, no more flying off the handle at a moment's notice; we need an united front. I would have understood about Barnes, if you'd just told me. I know what it's like to lose your best friend and find him back after he's been tortured. How you'd do anything to protect him."
"I'm not sure I'll be in the mood for dancing," Tony says with a sigh.
Tony has discovered the identity of the mysterious Captain America, at last, and now he plans to learn absolutely everything else about him. Hopefully in very intimate details.
"It's okay," Steve interrupts. If he's hurt, he hides his disappointment well. "I just thought I'd make it clear. If you ever feel like taking me up on the offer…"
"That's true. Just you showing me how good you can be?" Tony asks, tilting his head.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry," Cora keeps repeating from the safety of his arms. "I didn't know."
"I don't care," Tony says, tightening his blanket around his shoulders. It's a very poor substitute for Steve's warmth. Some days, like this, Steve's absence is an ache even if they see each other through a screen. "I miss you."
"Or slumbering, anyway. But they need to eat in a few." Tony has set a countdown that shows fourteen minutes and something seconds. "Do you think they'll wake up on their own?"
What the ever loving fuck? This guy is creepy, plus he's full of shit. The green in Steve's eyes is beautiful.
Steve immediately takes him up on his offer and grabs a handful. "Thanks, Tony."
Tony opens one eye in interest at the change of tone. Steve looks astonished, and he's definitely not laughing anymore.
"Stark," Carol greets him.
"Can I kiss you?" Steve asks, eyes dropping to Tony's lips.
Tony sits on the bed, as does Steve.
It makes Tony scoff. "How would you know?"
"Thanks, FRIDAY."
"There you go, little ones. All nice and cozy for a small trip, okay?"
Tony looks at him with surprise and smiles. "Yeah? That's great. See, Doc? I think two superheroes can take care of two kittens."
"Not our Loki," he says, distracted.
"You really don't like it, huh?"
A tall, blond man, in light armor and a red cape, throws his arm around Anthony's shoulder with a wide grin. "I have no doubt my friend!"
There he goes, the infamous Vers again, or Captain Marvel as she calls herself now. From what Anthony has pieced together through gossip, Yon-Rogg and Vers were close years ago. He used to train her too. But she inexplicably turned against their race to side with the Skrulls, which left a stain on Yon-Rogg's reputation.
"If you only knew how vindicating it is to hear you say that."
"Of course, of course, Iron Man too. But I meant you, Mister Stark. You will push the green energy technology sector again, I suppose, and I've seen your inventions," he gestures to his body. "Colonel Rhodes allowed me to use your lab—"
That's true. It makes no sense. Tony shudders at the idea of being light-years away from Cora. Hell, Frigga's boar isn't in the room, and Tony wonders how she can be so calm without seeing him.
"You guys are doing fine," the doctor says. "But sure, I'll call from here."
"Yeah, okay. Will the nurse or doctor know how to reach you?"
Tony lands on the terrace next to the communal kitchen. Steve generally eats something after an outing, and his room isn't far away if he's not hungry.
“Still, you could be nicer, okay?” Lilly says.
"You came up with that yourself?"
"How so?" Steve asks.
"Water?" he asks hopefully. He can't help but stare at Steve with his head thrown back as he drinks in long gulps.
"Yeah, yeah, sure," Tony says, cupping his two hands together. Steve puts the white kitten with the black one, which seems to settle the latter. "Oh God. They're so small!"
"Yes, please," Steve says before kissing him. 'But now's my turn."
"Of course," Tony says. It's hard to let go of Steve when he takes a few steps back. By now even Tony can hear men walking towards them.
"I hope you enjoy your time in Knowhere," Nama says, and they're in.
He wonders how he could ever leave her, even for three weeks.
"I didn't like it much either," Steve says. "But what I'm trying to say is that going in the ice was supposed to happen to me. It happened, over and over again." Is it a comfort? It seems so. "And I think it happens for a reason." At this point Steve stops and swallows as he scrutinizes Tony's face, who is frankly pretty lost.
"Yeah. Just wait a sec." He
Steve is so engrossed in listening to Tony and watching the kittens that he doesn’t notice DUM-E's approach. He jumps in surprise when the robot's head gently whirs near his ear.
Tracing the planes and dips of Tony's muscled stomach with his tongue, Steve feels better than he's had in years. It's a far cry from mere weeks ago when Lester shot him and Fisk threw him to the pigs.
"Give her over," Tony says, and it's with something very close to a pout that Steve lets him take the kitten and her syringe.
"See that you are," Tony says, as he takes position in the tube. "I trust you, buddy! Ready Maguna?"
"We? There are more like you?" Somehow Steve seems safe; he didn't hurt Tony after all. But the idea of a pack of werewolves roaming around the forest sends a chill down Tony's spine.
There's a pause before Steve answers.
"I know." He squeezes Tony's hand and brings it from sternum to his mouth to kiss his knuckles. It makes Tony's heart flip in his chest, though he's confused by what it means. "You're back. God, Tony…"
"Daemons," Thor repeats, scratching the lioness's flank. "A companion that is the physical embodiment of your soul."
know it."
"Oh, definitely." It thrills Tony to put his hands on Steve's fantastic chest and have his waist circled by powerful arms in return. "Someone I won't name told me that I'm so smitten it's painful to watch, and I can only agree."
He's close now, but Tony doesn't dare look at Steve. Yes, this was an idiotic idea. His heart is racing, and he's considering re-opening the rear hatch and flying away (sans suit, more cathartic).
"If anyone's the breadwinner in this family, it's you," Steve replies.
"Your majesty, would you agree that the claims that Barnes was framed have to be investigated?"
"… most people don't get that kind of second chance," Bucky says.
"Really?" Tony stretches out the word for emphasis, intrigued by the gossip. Rhodey likes his women headstrong, so it's not surprising.
Later, Tony finds both Carol and Steve in the cockpit. Since the ship is cruising towards their destination on autopilot, they’re both busy on their tablets, but they look up when Tony enters.
"Congrats. He's cute," Van-Igha says with a smirk.
"Glad you could come," Tony adds, offering his mechanical hand at his turn. The strength and feel of the grip is perfect, of course.
"Steve, please."
"That you will," Tony says with a nod. He points at the flyer he got from Doctor Martin. "I set up the correct temperatures to keep as they grow up. But this is just temporary. I have some ideas to make the incubator better. The next one will have water circulation in the cushion, I think it will soothe them. Also, did you know that adult cats' hearts beat 140 times per minute when relaxed? I'll put in a little speaker. Hopefully it’ll feel like being close to their mama."
Steve was babbling, and Tony had gripped his arm in what he hoped was a reassuring hold. If Tony's armor failed one day, it wouldn’t be anyone's fault other than his. Or that the enemy had bested him in battle, and that's the risk of the job.
And by that, he means everything from the last two years, including their fight. He doesn't know how to start talking about it now that it's been so long and life has moved on.
"Speaking of nice tiddies, the fight with Steve really fucked me up. My second option was to get blackout drunk, which seemed appealing, but I had no liquor in the lab and didn't want to go on the common floor. My third was talking to Steve about feelings, so I think it won't surprise you that I took the fourth choice and went flying instead."
"Tony—"
"Stay close, babe?" Tony pleads as he kisses the top of Cora's head.
"I'd be disappointed if you didn't."
Carol winces. "Yeah, I get what you mean."
Sue is smiling too. "It's great to see you guys!"
Guilt was all over Steve's face, but at least he looked him in the eyes as he answered. "When I learned about Hydra. But I wasn't sure—"
"Steve-"
Steve links their fingers together and then brings their hands up next to Tony's ear. Steve's bottomed out, and Tony wonders if his gut will ever be the same. He feels stuffed to the gills; it's borderline overwhelming.
This is excellent news. In fact, it's life changing, but Tony is so confused. "But you never stayed! The night, I mean. You always left."
"Oh fuck," Steve says, words punched out. He shudders in pleasure.
"Web?" Tony asks, curious.
Only when he'd walked right up to Tony's chair did Steve seem to falter in his advance. He was looming a bit too close, blue eyes stormy with an emotion Tony didn't know how to decode.
Steve lets out a laugh that's borderline a sob even if he definitely isn’t amused.
"The only way to get the Soul Stone on Vormir is to sacrifice someone you love. I'm still surprised that it worked for Thanos."
It's true that he's been feeding the sisters every two, three hours, and then four hours all by himself for two weeks now. He must look forward to taking a break, and not necessarily to seeing Steve in particular. It's okay though, Steve doesn't mind; taking care of the kittens is a way to dote on Tony at the same time. Which he misses and wants to do, anyway.
Steve seems concerned. "That's weird."
Thor laughs. “That he is.”
"There's my little demon!" Tony says. "Come out, baby!"
"It's classified, I get it," Tony says. "Can't blame me for asking questions, right?"
"Let me go." His voice is scratchy, making him realize that he's terribly thirsty. No way in hell he'll admit to it, though.
A few steps away, a console with a monitor hooked up to a VHS lights up. The image is from an old surveillance tape that shows a car hitting a three, hard. Tony knows in his heart what this is even without the aid of the date displayed and the grief hits, sharp. He also knows that there are things that cannot be unseen, and Tony doesn't need the clarity of witnessing exactly how his parents died.
"Yes, on Titan. And then we nearly starved to death."
They zig zag on the lake for long minutes, but eventually Tony aims for the house where they easily climb the hill and stop at the top of the slope. A few feet away, Rhodes has started a fire that is crackling merrily, and there's a pan near the flames that suffuses the air with a deep chocolaty smell.
There are hands gripping his arms, and Tony tries to get away but he's stuck. Restrained. Oh shit, they have kidnapped him again, he won't do what they ask—
"Spider-Man," Rhodey says. "He's new on the scene. And should have stayed home as I asked him to."
"Thank you so much, Mora, again," Tony says as the others enter.
"Oh." Very true. He loves having tangible proof that Tony wants him, touches him, claims him. It's frustrating that the serum takes the marks away so fast. And there's no denying that the hair-pulling worked for him.
"I'm fine," Tony gurgles. He inelegantly crawls backwards to avoid the touch anyway and puts much needed space between them.
. He's one of the most sophisticated predators that ever roamed the Earth.
Maybe it had gotten too much for him… Tony had gone through a lot of hard blows these last few years, not even counting the times he almost died. After reading the Winter Soldier file Natasha gave him, Steve had immediately told Tony his suspicions, that Bucky had probably assassinated his parents.  It had been heart-wrenchingly painful to watch. Tony was furious, yelling about how unfair it was that his mother had paid for his father's obsession with supersoldiers, how he'd spent his life working on them only to be killed by one. Steve had worried he'd lost a dear friend just as he learned Bucky was alive. Tony, being Tony, had disappeared for a week, but resurfaced with a plan to find
"I know, and I love you, too. I swear on science that I've never, not once, had sex with you just because I thought you'd want it while I didn't."
"Yes, but lots of people know you. You're famous. Very rich, your father has this huge company. Weapon manufacturing."
He's staring at the floor, jaw clenched tight. "You went away because I hurt you. And then, and then—"
"That was awesome!" he says, hoping she can hear him over the music.
As advised by Carol, he doesn't rein in the energy and his powers, but lets them flow through him freely, leaning on them. Tony can feel it burn in his core brighter than it ever has, and it almost makes his head spin. He has to focus though, there's a job to do! Carol reached the Kree warships, and instead of obliterating them one after the other, she's doing a first pass to destroy their ability to jump to hyperspace and get away. They want to give the Krees a blow that will convince them not to come back.
"Yeah," Steve breathes.
Steve hums. "I'm not sure. Is it a good idea to separate the sisters?" he asks, before looking straight at Tony, who is watching him closely. Steve girds his loins and adds, "I'd love to have Callie, but then I wouldn't have an excuse to come see you at the Tower as often."
"Please," Tony says on a high wine. Seeing him so keyed up makes a shiver of pleasure go through Steve. He did this.
"If you'll pick your jaws off the floor, gentlemen, it's time to get ready," Carol says.
"What research?" Tony asks. He's of the opinion that the Avengers should have known about tech that can open portals to alternate realities.
"Hum guys? Not the time," Bucky says. "Can we go? I hate this place."
"Yeah. I never saw the eggs. We cleaned them up. But that was pretty much it. You?" he asks Tony.
The overload builds fast and the words "Not again!" ring clear before everything goes blue and the memory spittles off.
"Very touching, really," Carol says.
"Surprise?"
"Tony, wait."
Steve nods, turning his back on their counterparts. "Yeah, let's get out of here too. We're on a ship of some kind."
"All right." Tony reaches for the back of Steve's neck, petting gently. "If we're talking power dynamics, I prefer a dominant role. Taking control."
"Why?"
Thinking of her hurts so badly, and he doesn’t know when he can think of her for more than a minute and not grieve.
"I don't care to stay here more than we need to either." Tony gives Steve the VHS tape. "JARVIS, can you document the room please?" They'll want as much data on the threat that those soldiers were as possible.
She leaves with a wave, taking small, fast steps towards the Capitol. Caly inclines her head slightly.
"I wouldn't either. I've got to go. Bye, Tony."
"Isn't it what got us here? A nap?"
By his side Steve is all but vibrating with excitement, a smile wide on his face.
"I wouldn't say that. Sure, I jumped eras and had to start anew, but I didn't lose memories."
"Eventually. But not right then; he escaped. He hid for a few years, trying to make sense of everything."
"Wasn't it great?" Tony says, suddenly by Steve's side.
Gosh, this cannot be happening. Tony hopes that Steve doesn't push him off the ledge. So he keeps crying out, hoping that the situation is unusual enough for Steve to think outside the box. Steve's a wizard, for God's sake, Tony was sure that he'd clue up that the bat at his window is not a regular animal.
"In the flesh." Tony extends his hand. "Tony Stark, pleased to meet you."
It's supposedly not his purpose. Or so Yon-Rogg and the Supreme Intelligence keep telling Anthony, at least. He's frankly pissed about it, and would appreciate having this purpose clearly spelled out to him, thank you very much. He's convinced that it has to do with Vers, traitor to the Krees and Enemy Number One, but nobody outright admits it. Hell, Anthony
"Excellent," Steve says with a decisive nod.
"I know, but we were desperate. Where Loki comes in is when we went to New York in 2012 to get three stones. Our Loki died before the Decimation, but that one escaped with the Tesseract so he’s out there somewhere in his own time."
"You, on the other hand, hide it pretty well," Steve says.
"Terra," Nebula clarifies.
"What's the Kree's problem anyway?"
"How do you dare put someone else in his suit!"
“I’m a scientist, Your Majesty. By nature I am skeptical of things I don’t understand or can’t explain.”
It's said casually enough, but it takes Tony aback. What was that? Bucky and Sharon also share a look that contains a whole conversation. Sharon has her arms crossed as she raises an eyebrow at Bucky while Mechanic-Tony works on the arm, oblivious.
"Steve, Ross gave me 36 hours to bring you in. That was 24 hours ago. Can you help a brother out?"
"Mmmm."
"I had an idea," Steve says, pointing at the groceries.
"Is that a joke? At my expense?" Tony puts a hand over his heart. He's very proud of Nebula right now.
Geez, that's a LOT to take in. Tony wishes he remembered. It must have been epic.
"I'm sorry," he says, walking backward towards the door. He's smiling, but unfortunately it's awfully fake and Steve is at a loss at what to do. He just knows that he doesn't want Tony to leave like this.
"My odds were at a fraction of a thousandth of a point of percentage, Sir, but you always manage to surprise." JARVIS' tone is warm now and Tony grins in return.
think it's funny?"
The list of compliments is flattering, but 'handsome' sticks out. Especially since that when Steve crawls out of the tent, now in Hydra pants and a tight black undershirt, his ears and the apple of his cheeks are flushed a pretty pink.
"I was just asking."
Showing a surprising amount of sentiment, Reed doesn't immediately use the remote. Tony wants to scream, and maybe run away as the wedding progresses, but he can't bring himself to do it. At the same time, he's mesmerized by how his destiny changed just because he has no Y chromosome here. Respecting his Steve's wishes, he endures this reality's happy couple ceremony, where Thor ruminates on the sacred bond shared by battle companions, and then they exchange their vows.
"Oh, no, darling, come here."
When the Accuser Warships are nothing but rubble, Carol gestures to the surface and they go back to the battle around the Joint Dark Energy Mission Facility. It's mostly over there by now, the bulk of the Kree force either dead, out of commission, or face down on the ground with their hands crossed over their nape. There are a few ongoing skirmishes, but when Tony and Carol fly over, the last Kree soldiers standing surrender. Good. Spider-Man is already busy going through the battlefield, webbing the prisoners' wrists and ankles.
"This is interesting. Not the armor I was expecting, I must admit. Unless you transitioned to the red and gold, Colonel Rhodes?"
Steve sniggers as he kisses Tony's neck, who tilts his head to give him more access. It feels amazing.
Tony's eyebrows raise high on his forehead, and he looks even more curious now. "Interesting." This conversation is rapidly becoming infuriating: what is interesting, exactly? To learn that Steve is attracted to men, or interesting as an opportunity?
"Yes, faster this way," Tony says. His motions are practiced and Steve longs to help. "Snowball is at about ten milliliters, Callie’s at fourteen. Do you mind weighing them before we start?"
"True," Steve says, then goes stock still while his eyes widen slightly. Tony is about to ask what is wrong as Steve looks up. When Tony does too, he sees the cause: they're under a strand of mistletoe.
"How is he doing?" Steve asks as the elevator climbs.
"Oh for sure. You're both terrifying and lovably fluffy. But I wasn't talking about the wolf." Steve looks up in surprise and their eyes hold for a long charged moment. "Just saying it as I see it," Tony adds with a wink.
They'd been together after that, in an undefined way that somehow worked. They kept hanging out as usual, but now they also kissed and had sex. Hot, mind blowing sex, but where they never spent the night with each other. Steve had left Tony's bedroom after the first time they'd made it to a bed, with a kiss on the cheek and a thank you for the good time. It had been a disappointment, but pretty clear. Tony had only followed his lead from then on.
"I don't know about you," Tony says, "but I'm not sure I should bring it home. I like it a little too much."
Tony laughs. "It hasn’t been long, and I hoped it would be a surprise. Your face was worth it."
"Let's take it outside," Steve orders.
"I can help if you want?" Steve proposes. "For the night shifts and all?"
They really do, and it fills Steve's chest with warmth. In fact, they make a very good team in so many situations, on and off the battlefield. He'd bet everything he has they'd be great together in other ways, but that's just a dream.
"It wasn't meant to be," she says with a shrug. "Tell me more about your daughter."
Denied, Cora had turned her attention to Tony. "Come on! Up! Time to make yourself pretty, Tony!"
"Hey," Tony says, as gently as he can. He can't resist putting a hand on Steve's chest, right over the white star. Immediately, Steve raises his own hands to put them over Tony's, keeping it there. His heart is hammering under Tony's palm. "What happened on Asgard is not your fault. That's on the Krees, okay?"
Instead of looking for mentions of a Captain—let's be real, there are many in the European theater—Tony began searching for other names that appeared more than once in his searches. Dugan. Dernier. Morita. Barnes. Falsworth. Jones. If Captain America has a unit, they must be part of it.
Patently untrue, but Tony understands where the man is coming from. The glasses are wonderful, and though they can't see through metal, they could have helped keep track of who had what tiles. Not that Tony needed it.
"But… Thor leaves Hildr on Asgard," Steve says.
He presses the left arrow button again, and the portal window appears… with a view of suburbia. There's a white cottage, with a double driveway and garage, complete with a well mowed lawn and trees in the back.
He's seen many beautiful people in the centuries he's roamed the Earth, and brought several of them in bed, but never anyone quite this perfect inside out. Maybe that's why Tony has survived this long, to finally find The One.
Anthony would tolerate the interminable training sessions if he could spend the rest of his time working on the Kree fleet's drives and engines. He loves it even more than the little fighting he's been allowed to do, but Anthony can't focus on that either.
The white kitten isn't happy about the pause in its feeding. As soon as Doctor Martin takes the nipple away to help Tony hold the other one properly, she starts screaming. It's the first time she's made any noise, and she's pissed.
"Where am I?" trapped Steve asks as WIM-Tony unhooks or even breaks the gear tying Other-Steve to the contraption. Once free, he slumps forward into WIM-Tony's arms, dead-limbed.
"Shit," Rhodey breathes out, looking at Tony with concern. "Must have been a shock."
Tony must have understood that wrong. "Wait. Thanos murdered his own daughter?"
"Come on, Tony," Steve teases, shoulder-checking him lightly. "Silver fox looks good on you."
Steve's lips curl up in a half smile. "Five including this one, our own."
This is not how Tony had planned on going to Steve's home in Brooklyn for the first time, but beggars can't be choosers and he's stuck. Literally.
Which brings Tony to his next move. Steve was right to stop them from hooking up on Iantus. Regaining his memories of the last eleven years, or at least enough to have more context, means that Tony can consider getting together with Steve with the correct mindset. But when all is said and done… knowing their history changes nothing.
"Fine," Rhodey says. "Keep me informed, secure channel. I'll deal with Ross."
When Tony woke up from his earlier nap, he opened his eyes to Cora perched on Steve's chest. She had a wing completely extended, and Steve was reverently touching her feathers.
He immediately perks up, but Tony sighs heavily. "He means well, Steve, he always does, but I can't risk him coming too close."
Bucky? Tony didn't understand what was going on.
Steve grabs his other wrist. "I don't want to risk being separated from you."
Rhodey throws an arm over Tony's shoulders and rubs his knuckles hard on the top of Tony's head. "It will do. I love it. But seriously, I have questions. One being why you haven't changed a bit since the late 80s, Carol."
"I'll be there soon," Steve says.
"I won't, I won't," Cora murmurs right back.
"What did you call the place we're going next again?" Tony asks Steve.
"Okay, nice to know," Steve says. "But you still haven't answered."
"Ever had a pet before?" Tony asks at one point.
"You're predictable, Anthony."
"I was getting some fresh air, flying around, and I patrolled the perimeter. That's when I saw a bundle of cloth near the Time Fog, back by the Classified Zone. It turned out to be this little guy, all alone. Who does that, leave a kid out there?"
When she's finished and cleaned, Steve switches for the black baby, who only cries out louder knowing chow is coming.
tired, but wired all the same; it's been a surreal day. He hoped that bringing Tony lunch would give him a few moments of his time, and unexpectedly, it turned in twelve hours with the man, and more to come. It's like a contact high, which makes Steve snort at himself. He's so gone, it's almost sad.
"I know," Steve replies. "She seems okay, right? I can feel her swallowing and all."
"The Krees," she says.
"Shut up," the man closest to Tony barks. It takes Tony completely by surprise when the man then uses the heel of his rifle to hit Tony on the side of his head.
"I could go," T'Challa offers.
"Seems like that, yeah. Which is nice. We didn't have a great start, to be honest," Tony says. And seven very difficult years too. "But we're good now. It's fantastic."
He's clearly not, but it will have to do.
There are a lot of superheroes here, and no one seems stressed or at war with each other.
"You're in no position to make demands," Yon-Rogg says. "Take him," he orders Van-Igha and Att-Lass.
Tony nods. "I'd bet my suit on it."
There's a long pause, but at least they aren't shot at. For a moment, Tony worries that something happened to JARVIS, but the AI finally speaks up.
"We'll get along fine," Tony declares to Carol and Nebula. "You too, Bluebell, I can sense it."
"Here we go."
Clint makes a face. "No."
The End
"Laying down and holding you would be nice," Steve admits. "But dinner--"
To be fair, now that Tony can observe it, there are very few buttons, and none that scream "stop whatever is going on" at first glance.
Steve picks her up and affixes the leash, but when he puts her down outside of the pen she just… stays there. Even when Steve gently tugs at her.
"Oh, I can go!" Peter offers. He looks guilty, as if realizing he could have been helping before.
Which is a problem because Tony has none. He makes a pleading face at Nebula, who rolls her eyes but reaches for her pocket.
"It gives a certain gravitas, sure, but…"
Nama scoffs loudly, not believing Carol one bit, but with some affection. "Yeah, yeah. I still need you and your group to leave all weapons either in your ship or at the check-in desk. It has to be fair to everyone."
"Wow, grumpy."
"You know I can't promise that," Tony says softly, reaching out to cover Steve's hand.
The offer of feeding on Steve is a gift, but not the only thing Tony wants from this either. He would love to start a relationship with Steve, and he was gearing up to ask him out too. To make his intention clear, Tony trails his hand up to Steve's neck as he takes a step forward until they are chest to chest. In return, Steve carelessly drops the grimoire to the floor and closes his arms around him. It's been a long time since Tony's been this eager for a first kiss, and he is ablaze with want.
He's scanned Carol—who is the weapon, Nama is perfectly aware his gizmo is useless—and now it's Tony's turn. Unsurprisingly, the little device beeps over Tony's chest. Knowing it was coming, Tony had already been unzipping his top to show the reactor's casing to the hairy bouncer when the detector beeped.
"Oh, I'm surprised." Steve's tone is bone dry and Tony huffs.
"The show must go on," Cora says, puffing her feathers and then straightening up.
It makes Steve's heart flip, and hope grows in his chest. Maybe Tony likes him more than a friend, too.
Thankfully, Steve has gym clothes at the Tower. He takes a detour to what used to be his floor – he guesses it still is? Nothing has changed anyway – to shower. He throws his soiled pants in the wash and his shoes in the trash.
"Look, it's fine," Tony says calmly, as if unaware that the situation is akin to a gunpowder keg with a lit fuse. He gestures to the number still floating in the air, that by his estimate is in the range of five million dollars. "Do you want the credits? I'll give them to you. How about that, pal?"
Right, Steve would worry about the sex footage, which is fair. But Tony now realized that the proposal was recorded, which is awesome. He loves his tech, and can't believe he lived without it for two whole years.
"I don't feel so good." Tony is desperately scanning the sky, hoping to spot his daemon. But the night is dark and he can't see Cora at all, which makes his anxiety spiral. He's not imagining this; he's hurting more and more with every second he doesn't see her. "Cora?"
"I can help," FRIDAY pipes up.
She nods. "For sure."
"Jesus," Steve breathes out.
"Oh, Steve knows," Rhodes says. "If he ever plans to do anything about it is something else entirely."
'No, but it's frustrating.”
"That's awesome." Tony extends an arm to brush his knuckles on DUM-E’s strut.
"No."
"Ready?"
"You don't even know the game," Nebula says, but she moves over to let Tony out.
"You remember in the hospital how I said we lost first?"
"Don't be fooled by their manners," Nebula said before they arrived. "They would pulverize this ship and everyone in it if they felt that we were a threat. Not even Thanos dared to bring his armies here."
A week in, they're eating in the little dining room from their current safe house in Santa Cruz when Rhodes snort-laughs while looking at his phone.
"Which is why you wanted the rest of the Avengers here in full force," Tony says with a huff. "Not cool. I'm not even back for 12 hours, and supposed friends are trying to steal the Quinjet from my other friends instead of talking to each other."
"Back off. You won't have it."
From what Steve learned—gossip or otherwise—Tony's more of a ladies' man. He followed a few working girls upstairs at the casino, in the early days, with a noted preference for the red-haired. The Madam said Tony was a model customer, too. She's quick to tell Steve about the violent ones, which he appreciates since he aims to run them out of town before something bad happens. It's been a while since Tony indulged, though, not that Steve has been keeping tabs (okay, fine, he's been keeping tabs).
Near Tony, Carol is now shimmying in a more traditional dance style instead of waving her hands up. A young woman by her side looks delighted, and soon several dancers are cheering Carol on. Some imitate her with mixed success, which is hilarious. Tony can't resist and follows suit, and they immediately start dancing together. They're not even touching, but they’re focusing on each other and on having a blast. Carol's an excellent dancer, silly moves exaggerated for effect, and they’re quickly challenging each other. Tony's twist gets answered with disco moves, the vogue by Carol doing the hand jive, the chicken by swimming motions and Carol pinching her nose and simulating going under water. It grabs the other dancers’ attention, the Iantusians plus Steve and Nebula now forming a loose circle around them.
"Rest now, my sweet wizard," Tony says as he reluctantly breaks the kiss and gets off Steve and the bed. It's one of the hardest things he's done; Tony would happily give everything he owns to lie beside him instead. But he has to make sure to squish the menace of Victor's attempted coup, ultimately for Steve's safety.
"What is it, then?"
the woman says.
"Do you have a better idea?"
"Thank you."
"Are you admitting that you've been checking the gossip rags?" Tony teases.
Lilly scoffs. “I’m plenty courageous, I’ll have you know.”
Wrapping his head around people having a magical animal is hard for Tony. As they cross the city and then enter the palace, he sees several of them while many Asgardians enthusiastically welcome Thor home. Among other daemons, Tony has witnessed a mouse with six legs, an elk with wings, and a lizard with three heads. What’s even harder to believe than their existence is the concept that daemons supposedly represent their person’s essence, their soul. A lion, winged or not, makes sense for Thor. But when they reach his mother Frigga, a woman of visible class and oozing royalty and serenity, she’s flanked by a huge boar that could easily eviscerate them all.
"Of course they did," Steve says, smiling at Tony, who shrugs at being ratted out. "A new program?"
"Hey ladies, gentlemen and folks! It's been a while!"
Cora and Lilly stayed with them for several minutes but are currently exploring the space behind their chairs. There are a few plants and the ledge of an opened window decorated with golden baubles that Cora is poking at. By her side, Lilly is keeping a vigilant eye on the room and personnel serving food and walking close by, as if the crow isn't fifteen times bigger than her. Something is churning in Tony's chest, and he can't help but check what they're doing every few seconds. Steve seems to feel the same insecurity when their daemons are out of sight, because he constantly turns his head, too, brow furrowed.
Responsible or not, Barnes killed his mom. And dad. Whom he actually knew, back in the forties, so that must have been another mind fuck for the guy.
"Yeah, yeah." Tony is thrilled too, honestly, even if he tries to downplay it. He’s not sure what it was, the alien concussive beam knocking something loose or the visceral reaction he had to Steve over him unsticking a jammed door in his mind—which he doesn’t want to say out loud—but the memories are present again.
"Oh, great, I feel you two will love ganging up on me," Tony protests, but he doesn't mind. "Whatever I looked like, Fury took it seriously, because he showed me a journal. Dr. Lawson's notes, on the light-speed engine."
"Thank you," Steve says with a grateful smile. "And no, it's not a problem. Well, I don't think so. I hope not."
Taking a deep breath, Steve then slowly releases it, psyching himself before speaking up. "Would you like to go to Club A, after?"
It's always a risk, flirting openly with a man. But technically Steve started it, and Tony's all for rewarding anyone bold enough to try, especially when they’re this handsome. But now that Tony has clearly stated his interest, Steve seems pleased but unsure of what to do. He's very young, and Tony would bet he's mostly inexperienced, at least for now. A gorgeous man like that will rapidly figure out the signals and codes of hooking up with other men. Tony wishes he could show him the ropes, in a manner of speaking, and the idea of just how pleasurable that could be curls hot in his gut. But the middle of a Hydra camp and surrounded by corpses isn't the place for it.
"Nope, you and I went to Camp Lehigh in the seventies for it. Your idea," Steve says with a small quirk of his lips. He's clearly pleased that Tony is invested in the story.
At last, Steve puts his hands on Tony's strong thighs and mouth at his shaft, then twirls his tongue around the head, gathering precome. He's been taking mental notes about what Tony prefers, so he pokes in the slit with the tip of his tongue for a few heartbeats. When he takes Tony's cock in his mouth, Steve sucks hard and slides down as much as he can on a first pass.
"That's not what I asked."
"Really?" Tal says, looking delighted.
The numbers lit up on Tony's wall says it's four AM, but he can't wait for morning to see Steve. He's vibrating out of his skin, knowing that he can have him if he asks for it. Tony's head still hurts, and reminiscing has given him some emotional whiplash, but that doesn't matter one bit. He takes the time to brush his teeth, but then he's out on a mission, hurrying towards Steve's room. Tony wonders if Steve can hear the way his heart is beating against his ribs as loudly as the rapping of his knuckles on the door.
"Rhodey didn't put anyone else in the suit, it's me. I'm the good news." He pauses and looks at Nat. "That's what you meant by good news, right?"
Tony has so much love to give, and Steve has dreamt of having some of it for himself for a while now. Maybe it's not meant to be; Steve doesn't know if Tony is interested in him at all, but he'll never be certain if he doesn't risk putting the offer out there. It is high time Steve mans up, and he vows to himself that he won't leave Stark Tower before asking Tony out, for better or for worse.
He's pretty sure that Clint and Nat would blow everyone's mind on that show, but they don't like the spotlight. Ex-spy reflexes. Bruce would categorically refuse to participate. Thor would love it, though. And, frankly, Steve is a wild card: he'd either want nothing to do with the idea or go all in. Especially if there was a good cause thrown in.
It's true that the Kree training regimen—and, probably, the transformation and effects of Yon-Rogg's blood—produced excellent results. Tony has bulked up a little, muscles more defined. He has a six pack now! Not a Captain America physique, but not bad at all.
"It's a girl?" Tony asks, reaching to touch its small folded ears. She bumps into his fingers and meows again.
He can't wait.
"I don't know what you want," Steve says.
Tony's breathing is evening out and Steve allows himself to dream.
For a moment, you could have heard a pin drop, but then Tony straightened up and opened the armor to step out, and the reporters went berserk. Similarly to the Stark Expo inauguration, Tony was dressed in a three piece suit and sporting his very best press smile.
"Yes, Chancellor, we sure did. Everything was great. Thank you again for the honor of designating Earth a sister planet to Iantus. We're very grateful."
Tony hums in consideration, appreciating the possibility of an out. But memories aside, he feels great. He can do a little PR without a problem. Plus, if Tony has a script and lets the others do most of the talking, they could finish the tour with no one being the wiser.
Yes, trust was definitely a factor, but it's not like Tony had a lot of options. Stephen and he are not on speaking terms at the moment, though push comes to shove he would probably have helped, anyway. Tony won't tell Steve, though, he loves that smile.
Yeah, no kidding. As if, among a long list of other things, taking down a jet with a motorcycle and then dunking three whole Helicarriers in the Potomac isn't grandstanding too. Tony's seen the footage. And huh, that's another memory back. He prefers it to the Siberia flashbacks, that's for sure.
"We scheduled three weeks, not to be away from Earth for too long. Week One is done, with two stops, Xantar and Banturia. There are three more stops left—Sovereign, Iantus, and Knowhere—before we head back to Earth."
But apart from the brief interludes for their work lives and the obligatory sleeping breaks, he and Tony are almost always together. It fills Steve with delight. He hangs around the shop going over his reports, and in the evening, they move the incubator to Tony's living room so they can watch movies.
, he hears in Clint's voice.
"That's because you’re a good man, Steve, all lapses in judgment aside," Tony says, squeezing Steve's wrist. He believes that with all of his heart.
"You need to know," he says softly.
The End
Tony nods. "Good. I'll have to get DUM-E and U, bring them here too."
“Hi. How are you feeling?"
Bucky's lips lift in a cruel little smirk.
"Fingerprints?" JARVIS asks.
Tony looks even more concerned now. "Are you alright? I'm sorry we haven't found Barnes yet, but I thought you felt as if you fit in better—"
"What?"
Okay, so that is cause for a little preening and makes Tony perk up as he catches Steve’s eye in the mirror. He seems totally honest, and Tony's heart might be beating faster because of that. In the six months since the Battle of New York, especially after he separated from Pepper, Tony's teenage crush on Captain America has revived.
Steve winces. "We lost at first. Then we tried again and won."
"Nice to see you too, man."
Steve is pretty sure that was the moment he'd fallen head over heels for the man. But Tony was taken... until he wasn't anymore. The break up with Pepper had hit Tony hard, too, and it would have been tacky for Steve to make his interest known then. As if that wasn't enough, then came the murderous robot and JARVIS' destruction - even as it birthed Vision - which had complicated things even more, enough for Tony to quit. Steve worried that by isolating himself in the Tower, Tony was staying stuck in his head and perceiving everyone’s moves too much. Maybe, just maybe, Steve could help a little. He opens his phone and taps on the "F" app before placing it at his ear.
"Touch me and I'm right there with you," Tony promises. It’ll take so little, and he knows it.
Tony should call Rhodey, have him round up a posse to go kick Victor's ass and say he'll meet them later. It would mean stop touching Steve, though, which he can't find the will to do as they slowly make their way to the second floor. They keep stopping to kiss, getting lost in each other before one of them makes them move again, only to get sidetracked again a moment later. Steve's kisses are addictive, his magic the equivalent of champagne bubbles against Tony's tongue.
"And no one had seen the Krees?"
Six minutes ago, Steve answered a call from a panicked Tony.
and they both nod.
"Okay, so that's our cue," Tony tells Carol and Spider-Man. "Let's go."
"Mmm?" Tony prompts. He's still working on believing the good father part.
"I do," Steve interrupts. "Don't worry, I'm fine. I know it seems like forever, but it's only been three and a half years."
"I don't mind, no," Steve says. In fact, he likes that Tony is looking into their ops. Maybe he misses being part of the team and it could entice him back. "And yeah, it was tricky," he admits.
"I didn't."
"Excellent. Just move to the right? Wait. I'll lift my— There we go. Okay, we've got this. And here it is."
He's so startled that his heart almost leaps out of his chest. By reflex, Tony swipes at the black bird
"You'll wait for me, right?" Dammit, that's not what he wanted to say at all.
"Yes, of course," Chancellor Almar says. "We prepared accommodations for you, so you need not travel all the way back to your ship at this hour. Mister Stark, if I may." She extends an arm in invitation to follow her.
Steve braces himself when he reaches the right floor. After a deep breath, he walks into Tony's workshop once FRIDAY opens the door for him. The music immediately falls from being cacophonic to just barely tolerable. It makes Tony react, even though he doesn't stop whatever he's working on, curled over his desk.
Hello, the next chapter is finally up! At least two months is better than 6 months! When I tell you that I had been stuck at the last ~400 words of this for weeks, I am not kidding. Now, I have school and an internship, so I'm not sure when the next update is going to be. Especially since I usually waited until at least half of the next chapter was done before uploading, but whatever. I'm done trying to put this fic on a schedule. There is no schedule, just vibes.
is the reason why Tony agrees. So Tony wears tailored clothes that hide his bump until the bump grows so big that there’s no way to hide it and Tony instead avoids being out in public.
Steve once had the misfortune of being stuck in an elevator with Mr. Bassett. At that point, Steve had been wary of the man but did not necessarily hate him. However, that quickly changed when Mr. Bassett proudly shared alarming stories about his French soldier father who was in Algeria in the 50s and his great-grandfather who he claims contributed one of the skulls of Algerian freedom fighters that were on display in Paris’s National Museum of Natural History. The old Frenchman declared how proud he was that his country kept them against the wishes of “those dirty camel jockeys” in order to preserve the history of “the great French empire.” It took everything in Steve not to punch the old man, and he really only didn’t because it’d be bad to be on the receiving end of a restraining order against his neighbor; he’d rather not have to move. Needless to say, that hour solidified Steve’s intense hatred for the man that continues to grow each day.
I have one more essay left and then I am done with this semester! However, I have written the next chapter of this in my bouts of procrastination. I was going to write all of IM1 in one chapter. But then I wrote this and it was this long only covering the first 15 minutes of the movie and less than a third of my notes. So it's definitely going to span a couple of chapters, at least 3 and at most 5. The next chapter will hopefully also be posted in a weekish as well. The chapter title if from
“Have you said happy birthday to your Auntie Peps yet, boys?” Tony asks Harley and Peter as they recover from their laughter.
Tony smirks, “Sure you don’t.” Tony winks at his children who are hiding their giggles behind their hands. The budding romance between their favorite aunt and uncle was something of an open secret.
“No, baby. You’ve got to be a little older to handle this stuff. I didn’t let Zeke help me until he was twelve, and even then not with a lot of stuff.” Tony’s heart started racing when the boy had suggested it. The other day Tony had tested a flight stabilizer and there was far too much power in it. This stuff was dangerous.
So Tony stays the night, thankful that his father is somewhere on the other side of the world. He spends the morning with Jarvis who made his favorite blueberry pancakes, just like he did when Tony was a child. Zeke thanks his “Grandpa Jarvis” for the yummy food and Tony almost stays. He leaves for home with Zeke later that afternoon. Obie apologizes when they get home, citing stress and frustration. And that was that.
Obie is completely unaffected. He just gets up and picks up a car in front of them, filled with a father and her children. “I love this suit,” Obie exclaims.
“It’s an arc reactor kiddo, and no of course not,” the Omega soothes, “It was just the first time we ever did it. With more and more practice, it’ll be easier and quicker, I promise.”
An hour into the trip, a flight attendant walks up to the duo and hands them hot towels. “Good morning, From Stane. Major Rhodes. Your sushi will be coming soon”
He leaves the bowl of water and washcloth on Peter’s bedside table and hurries over to Jamie’s room. The toddler is standing in his crib, gripping onto the bars with dear life as he yelled for his Momma. Jamie immediately quiets upon seeing his mother.
“You’ve got From Stane,” Tony says as he places the phone between his ear and his shoulder as he dries his hands off.
Everhart scoffs. “Rehearse that much?”
Tony strips out of his jeans, which would’ve been impossible to dance in, and hooks a leg around the pole.**
Also, if y'all haven't check out the
“Ooh, Tony,” Archana giggles, tipsy, “You said you learned a new routine. You should show us!”
Yahya seems to notice this and shushes the Omega prematurely. “Sleep, Tony.”
“You’re a Beta woman and I’m an Omega, no one would ever jump to that conclusion, but I could fire you if that would take the edge off.”
The doctor looks frazzled at that. “I must insist—”
“Recent violence has been attributed to a group of foreign fighters referred to by locals as the Ten Rings. As you can see, these men are heavily armed and on a mission. A mission that could prove fatal to anyone who stands in their way. With no political will or international pressure, there's very little hope for these refugees. Around me, a woman begging for news on her husband, who was kidnapped by insurgents, either forced to join their militia…”
Once again, Tony’s heart clenches for Zeke. Tony’s heart needs to chill because he has a feeling things like this are going to come up for a long, long time. “Graduation,” Tony corrects, “Of course, kiddo. You know what, I’ll even try to get your daddy to come. Now, what book do you want to read for bed?”
“Oh baby.” Tony reaches out to bring Zeke flush against his side, careful not to jostle awake the baby sleeping on his chest, the Alpha clinging to his other side, or the Omega wrapped around his leg.
Obie puts the arc reactor in a briefcase. “Oh, it’s beautiful. What a masterpiece. This is your Ninth Symphony, Tony, your legacy. A new generation of weapons with this at its heart. Weapons that will help steer the world back on course, put the balance of power in our hands. The right hands. I wish you could’ve seen my prototype. It’s not as…conservative as yours. Too bad you had to involve Pepper in this. I would have preferred she lived.”
(Happy doesn’t comment when the two don’t let go of each for a couple of minutes.)
“Okay, I am beat,” Tony declares after all the food is gone, “Boys, do you wanna join me for a nap? I’m tired, but I still want to be with all my babies.”
Tony finally reaches home without another hitch. He hovers over the driveway as he says, “Kill power.” The landing was not nearly as smooth as he had hoped it would be. He crashed through two floors, obliterating his piano and one of his favorite sports cars. Tony didn’t know what he thought would happen with nearly two tons of gold-titanium alloy, but that wasn’t what he was thinking of in the moments after the crash. He could only think about his baby, immediately wrapping an arm around his metal-clad abdomen.
Tony twists towards the woman and adjusts the baby in his arms. “Here,” Tony says as he thrusts the papers and pen into her hands, “Sign this. It basically says that you can’t say anything about the house, where it is located, and what really happens in it. Have fun.”
I'm on Tumblr as
The last thing he remembers before passing out is blood seeping through his bulletproof vest and into his shirt. The last thing he thinks about,
“You’re going to get yourself killed, Tony. I can’t watch you do this.”
that boy the world. I remember being so scared when I was pregnant with him. I was really young. And then my mom died right before he was born. I like to think he ended up okay though.”
“Oh my God, you crazy son of a bitch. You’re pregnant, what were you thinking? Did you really leave the kids alone? Also, you owe me a plane. You know that, right?”
Steve was tense with anticipation the whole subway ride there. It was a short ride, just one quick stretch on the 5 train from 86th Street to Grand Central. But Steve was still tense with anticipation. Maybe that was why no one approached Captain America; Steve doubted he seemed friendly in any shape or form.
as his father offers his arm. Maria flips the veil over his face as he grabs Howard’s arm. Howard walks him away from the wedding suite through the large doors into the church pews.
“I’m in Heat,” Tony gasps in realization, “It must at least be the beginning of April, then. But it’s probably later as I would’ve definitely had a delay because of all this.”
“Yes, of course, you’re old enough to take care of yourself,” Tony sighs, “but you’re not yet old enough to handle two little kids and a baby for several hours. Call Uncle Happy.”
“What now?” Tony asks exasperated.
They sit in comfortable silence, an ease that Tony has built with Yahya in weeks that he hasn’t been able to build with his own Alpha in ten years.
“Well,” the agent butts in, “the doctors still say they would like to keep you overnight for inspection, for your and the baby’s sake. I know this is all very abrupt, but we have to address the whole situation tomorrow. There will be a press conference and SHIELD will give you an alibi. Colonel Rhodes has also graciously stepped up to take part. I believe he is waiting outside with your sons and your friend Happy. I will leave you to it.”
“It was very nice.”
“Sure, Tony. You sure you don’t have any tech in that area I should know about?”
5J groans. “I’m pretty sure it was first because one of his French magazine subscriptions got put in my mailbox by mistake and then I tossed it by accident, so he took something of mine out of spite. Then he realized that he could sell the things I get for a pretty penny. I’m an engineering student, working on a PhD, so I get some expensive materials shipped to me."
CW/TW - some physical abuse, slight sexual manipulation
Tony nods, not trusting his voice at the moment.
“My youngest is James. He’s my baby. He’s 26 months and walking and talking now. He’s a Beta like Zeke, and I named him after the two greatest Betas I know. He was definitely a surprise. I was on birth control that got canceled out by some antibiotics. He wasn’t even conceived during a Heat. I’m glad though. I love him. I love all of them. And I can’t wait to get back home to them.”
Tony takes a deep breath. “I do actually.”
Tony enters the party and immediately zips to the bar. “Hi, can I get the best mocktail this place has to offer? I am starving.”
“For ten years, I’ve been married to you and held this company up. I built this company from nothing! Nothing is going to stand in my way. Least of all an Omega like you!” Obie throws Tony into a bus and sends a missile his way. The explosion blasts Tony into the air, and before Tony can crash down, he uses the repulsors to hover.
Barnes flashed Steve a vicious smile, even as he was visibly struggling to breathe, “No one sent me. You were getting distracted. This nuisance needed to be eliminated.”
as he hated the English honorifics (which is why everyone continued to call him Mr. Bassett).
“One vodka martini, extra dry, extra olives, extra fast and one of those mocktails I had earlier, it was really good.”
“There’s a lot of work for this program, Mom. I really love it, but I just want to be on top of it.” He pauses. “Remember that first night you tucked me and read me
“Obadiah,” Tony starts.
The Alpha scoffs, “As if my men would touch filth like you.” Tony refrains himself from rolling his eyes; the Alpha may say that, but the looks that some of the Alpha and Betas behind their leader send Tony’s way tell a whole other story.
“You’ll have to go to the Tower and find out for yourself.” With that, Steve disconnected the call and crushed the phone in his hand, letting the pieces fall to the ground as he continued to make his way to the Headquarters building. He no longer had use for it and he didn’t want the Avengers to be able to track him with it.
Rhodey lets go first, and as he moves back, he gives Tony an odd look. He reaches out and fingers the collar of Tony’s shirt, pulling it down ever so-slightly. “Tony,” Rhodey starts to ask, looking directly at the device in the younger man’s chest, “What is this?”
“I’m fine, babe,” Tony says, smiling at Obie in the way people expected an Omega reunited with his Alpha would smile.
He finds Obie by the press taking pictures and sidle up next to him. “Have you seen these pictures? What’s going on in Gulmira?”
“Momma,” Zeke sniffles as he launches himself into Tony’s lap. Tony wraps his arms around the small boy, and the two stay like that until the pasta gets cold.
Tony. There were enough similarities between the two Tony Starks that he could come to this conclusion. In fact, any version of Tony Stark is a Tony Stark that Steve Rogers could love, would love. In any world, any universe, Tony Stark belonged to Steve Rogers. The Tesseract had given him a second chance to live his life out with the love of his life. And he was going to take it and never let it go. He wasn’t going to waste his chance. Now he just needed a plan to make Tony his.
“He’s all yours,” Tony says as he throws the Alpha by the feet of the villagers that were once oppressed by him, his voice coming out a bit tinny through the suit’s speakers.
for.”
The Alpha notices that Tony has finally realized they are being watched. “That’s right. Smile. We met once, you know, at a technical conference in Bern.”
“Breathe, easy, easy,” Tony hears as he is gently rested against the couch. It’s Obie.
The right side of the man’s lips quirks up. “I’m something of a genius, yeah. What about you?”
Rhodey was yelling at Tony about something military that he was barely paying attention to. Tony loved the Beta man, but he honestly just wanted to relax and let loose. He just wanted to watch the beautiful Beta and Omega women dance, and he
“SHIELD already knew about your children and your current pregnancy. Don’t worry, we can keep a secret.” With that, the agent left.
Tony stays married to his barely-present, abusive husband. He raises his four kids secretly in his home in Cambridge, Massachusetts, with Zeke being the only one known to the public. When Obie tries to send Zeke away, Tony fights him tooth and nail. Only after beating him bloody, does Obie relent and let Zeke go to Hillside School for Boys, a boarding school near home so he could come home often.
Then.
“What do you want me to do?” Pepper asks looking startled with the old arc reactor still in hand.
The day they come back from their trip, Obie drops Tony off at their house just off the campus of MIT, where they would be staying as long as Tony pursues higher education, before going off to New York to deal with business.
~*~*~*~*~
“Training exercise. Isn’t that the usual BS?”
“He’s going to meet us at the hospital. Speaking of which, take us to the hospital, please, Happy.”
“It was. It is now an antique.” Tony lifts up the new arc reactor. “This is what will be keeping me alive for the foreseeable future. I’m swapping it up for an upgrade unit, and I just ran into a little speed bump.”
“It’s not that simple,” Rhodey sighs, but he does not continue to argue. “I know you think this was something you had to do, but I need you to take care of yourself, Tony. You’ve got four beautiful children that need you and one more on the way.”
“Yes, do it!” Eunhae exclaims. Then all the flight attendants start chanting and Tony relents. He glances back towards Rhodey and finds him passed out on the couch. A small part of Tony is glad; it would be a little weird for the man he considered a brother to watch him perform a pole dancing routine.
After hours of research at the closest library that Steve could find, he found that the Tony here was quite similar to his Tony. Just like his Tony, the Tony here lived a carefree lifestyle up until he was kidnapped in Afghanistan, where he got his arc reactor and turned his life around. The sudden death of Obadiah Stane that was reported to be due to a “plane crash” likely indicated that Stane had tried to kill Tony in this world too. There was some partying that came after Afghanistan, but the abrupt end of it also points towards the palladium poisoning that Tony thought would kill him. Just like his Tony, this Tony was willing to sacrifice his life to save everyone else by taking that nuke into the wormhole during the Battle of New York. There were some differences, though. This Tony had faced some villains like Vanko and the Mandarin that his Tony had not. His Tony had also faced villains that this Tony had not, like the Taskmaster and Doctor Doom. It also seemed as though this world wasn’t quite as progressed as his world, around 5 to 10 years behind.
"No, I'm fine. We can go back, but thanks for the breather." He appreciates that he only briefly freaked out in front of everyone.
Which is a fair assessment. Since he admitted his crush to himself, Steve has wondered if getting romantically and/or physically closer to Tony was a smart idea. It's in all of his daydreams and most of the ones in the night, sure, and he wants it with every fiber of his being. But what if their relationship soured? It could be a disaster of epic proportions for the Avengers. Are Steve's feelings true, and not just an infatuation with Tony Stark™? Does Tony want him back? Steve cringes thinking about the malaise a confession would bring if Tony did not return his feelings. And what if sex is the only thing Tony wants to add to their relationship? Is Steve  ready to become friends with benefits? On one hand, he desires Tony so much, and the sex would be great, he's certain of it. But would having only a fraction of Tony be enough? So yes, Steve is tentative and Rhodes has read him right.
"Here we meet again," Rhodey says.
"You're a traitor to the Kree!" Anthony declares.
"Thought I'd just-" WIM-Tony sniffles, still holding Other-Steve. "Thought I'd just… I mean, I thought that-"
"Morgan was happy to meet me. Even if we hadn't spoken in years, and I'd hurt you so badly, you never told her bad things about me. She knew about Captain America, and it was all the good things, not the bad."
"Hi. Please do."
He still can't believe that Tony forged a literal suit of armor, almost like the old knights. And used it to help free Timely from Fisk and his gang, too. Steve wishes he could have seen that, the recounting he heard was epic.
"Come on, hop in!"
"Thor keeps calling Rocket a rabbit," Steve says, pocketing his phone. "It's hilarious."
Tony eagerly takes out his phone and shows Chancellor Almar pictures and videos, proud as a peacock when she keeps praising Morgan. They've been at it for a few minutes when someone clears their throat, making them look up. It's Caly, who has been herding the Avengers around all day, looking sheepish but determined. Tony checks past her and sees that Steve has disappeared from the steps.
Natasha, who has been having a hushed conversation with Barnes—what is that even about?—comes over and hugs Tony, kissing his cheek, then does the same for Steve.
"What's the matter, Tony? City boy feeling out of his element?"
The End
"Unfortunately, yes," Rhodey says, dragging his palms on his face. Now that Tony examines him closer, he looks exhausted. "I only have Nat and T'Challa to help me, and I'm in way over my head."
While coming back to Earth, Tony had worried about many things. That the army he saw in space had returned and taken over the planet. Pepper having had trouble with Stark Industries for a bit after his 'death' before making it better than ever. Maybe that SHIELD or whatever replaced it had done a poor job in maintaining the Avengers’ gear and someone had gotten hurt, or even worse, died. Steve being secretly relieved that Tony was gone and now living in bliss with Bucky. He'd never thought he'd find a fractured team because of politics.
"Who are you to judge?" Tony snaps and Steve flinches back.
"FRIDAY?"
"It would have been less scary if you hadn't followed me."
"Too bad then."
"Okay, what's the plan?" Other-Steve asks as he starts following WIM-Tony.
“It’s hard to argue against something that is the foundation of my existence. But I also believe there’s no magic, just science that isn’t explained yet.”
to walk with the harness on," Tony says. "I tried, but your princess is simply too good for that. She turns into a fluffy mop."
"Thank you," Steve says. "This is the best day of my life."
His expletive, even if soft, resonates in the silence as Tony pivots to make another 360 degree sweep. Somehow he got lost. If that wasn't bad enough, Tony stiffens when a moonbeam reflects into blue eyes, maybe 30 feet from him. He raises his gun by reflex, but the eyes disappear, as if blinking out of existence from one second to the next.
"Oh my God!" he exclaims. "They're walking? How could you not send me a video immediately!?"
Four heads swivel towards him and the joy on everyone's face as they wave at him is heartwarming. He enthusiastically waves back.
"A what?"
"True, true. Though I put 'em on to answer the door."
Steve laughs outright this time; Tony would marvel about it, but he's caught up in a yawn instead. Between them, Cora and Lilly have stopped playing and are snuggling together. Steve's little stoat is partly under Cora's wing, and their heads are curled towards each other.
"So you left on the spot."
"Okay, I think you are past being useful now, Rhodey Bear," Tony says with a huff.
Steve will have to let Tony know how much he appreciates him, cats or no cats, at the very least. They've grown as friends in the last three months, surely Tony realizes that. Steve's feelings have passed the test of time, and he's certain it's not just infatuation. It is possible being cautious isn't the way to go anymore. If Tony wants him back, it would be crazy to do nothing about it. So yes, they need to talk at one point; it's highly overdue.
It's a dramatic exit, but it leaves the rest of them behind like idiots. Tony sighs and extends his arms.
Tony laughs. "Atta girl!"
"I say we do like summer camp," Carol says. There's a mischievous glint in her eyes while she throws a look at them. "I therefore declare this to be the girls' room." She grabs Nebula's arm and drags her into the bedroom, throwing a cheerful "Goodnight!" over her shoulder before closing the door behind them.
The Black Panther's stance mellows, but not entirely. "Do you have proof?"
The look that Steve gives him is fond and proud. "Yeah. You. In one evening."
"I love you, yes." Steve looks utterly convinced of it, too. "I know it's been difficult between us, here, but I really do."
"Hi there," Tony replies. "And yeah, I can't believe it's been three months already."
"We'll make it work, Tony," Steve says with conviction. He can be certain enough for two until Tony accepts it as well.
"Hiya James," Carol says with a little wave. "Long time no see."
"I'm glad you talked—" He pauses, squinting at Steve with suspicion. "You did talk, right? Not just banged and pretended nothing happened?"
"It's the 47th peaceful model I've come across," Reed says. "Fascinating, really."
The beautiful smile reappears on Steve's face.
"You said that already!"
“Something like that,” he admits.
The croupier takes six new tiles from a distributing machine and aligns them in the center of the table. He lets three of them face down and turns the three others face up. Then, one by one, going clockwise, the players have their turn. The idea is to pick up a new tile, visible or not, from either the dealer or another player and then add it to their own lot. If it's from another player, that person can either steal from a fellow competitor which continues the chain reaction or from the croupier which ends the hand. If the tiles that move around were originally up, the players place them facedown and vice versa. Clearly there's a memory component to the game.
Steve clenches his jaw and his eyes are hard. "Let them come then."
The butler huffs, mouth turning down in disapproval. "That would have required Sir to go to medical."
After engaging his gun's safety, Steve puts it in the back of his pants and opens the door.
"They were in a cage, right?" Rhodes asks.
On one hand, this is exciting. Being asked, with Steve, to be Earth's representative on a trip to Asgard as co-leaders of the Avengers is a big deal. Tony loves Thor's enthusiasm about it, too.
"Look over there, in the back, near the brick wall!" Steve points, while making very sure not to touch the portal.
He makes sure that Steve is holding the newborn, who's still screaming for food, correctly. It's scary how fragile the small cat feels, especially at the neck. Steve could hurt her so easily if he's not careful. As soon as the rubber nipple is near her mouth, the kitten sucks on it, and Steve gently presses on the plunger to feed her. He can feel the tiny gulps on the pad of his fingers and focuses on keeping the flow slow and steady.
"Awesome." Tony caresses the hull when they climb aboard the ramp leading into a small cargo bay. The door that leads to the habitable part of the spacecraft opens to reveal a woman. She's blond, fit, and in a uniform in blue and red with gold highlights and a star on her chest.
"Do I have to?" Tony asks.
"I hope you don't mind, but I read the report on Santa Cruz and La Paz. Looked like a pain in the ass," Tony says,
"So stupid," Rhodes says.
Tony has what looks like small jackets, which Steve realizes are harnesses. He puts a red vest on Callie, who swishes her little tail but doesn't protest much, even when Tony puts her back in the enclosure. Then he places the gold harness on Snowball, who squirms and yells with outrage in the few seconds it takes to affix it with velcro.
It's fortunate that Tony was holding Steve down because he strains to bow off the bed, crying out in a mixture of pain and pleasure. He's strong, so strong, but that's the only thing that Tony processes before he swallows his first mouthful and groans at his turn. Steve tastes incredible, his magic potent, and it seamlessly transfers to Tony in a way he's never felt before. The rush of it makes Tony's head spin, and he sucks in more delicious blood, drinking eagerly.
"I'm sorry you have to bring me back instead of getting on that immediately."
Steve proves that he warrants his master strategist and tactician reputation by sliding a large hand between them and pushing down underwear until he's holding both their cocks in his fist. Fuck, but it feels amazing, and Tony happily thrusts into the snug fit.
"Do you mind watching over him?" Tony pushes Zemo so he stumbles towards Bucky.
Nebula points at a small cluster of containers thirty feet away, which will at least offer a bit of cover. It makes a lot of sense to head there, so Tony nods in agreement. Nebula leaves the shield's protection straight away and sprints towards the containers. When Steve doesn't budge, still waiting for the Krees with his back against the wall next to the door, Tony extends his arm.
Anthony opens his eyes a crack once more; it's definitely darker and easier to blink and take in his surroundings. A lot of equipment, a screen, and he's secured on a machine hooked to computers and monitors. It takes a second to recognize the woman before him as Vers. She's not in her bastardized Kree uniform anymore, but a t-shirt and sweatpants, hair pulled back in a ponytail. She looks young and familiar in a way that she never did on the videos and background files Anthony studied. There are Skrulls with their ugly green faces behind her, and Anthony instinctively snarls.
Tony grins, opening his eyes to see Steve stretched out too, facing him but comically far away. Not how Tony sometimes imagined ending up in bed with the man, but it's all right.
"Apparently you needed the rest.".
They are still plastered together in the tube, and for a second, the adrenaline and elation almost makes Steve lean down and kiss Tony. Steve catches himself in time, though he's pretty sure that Tony noticed him stare at his mouth. Shit, this is not acting normal! Tony doesn't seem bothered, thank God, looking up at him fondly.
"Let's go upstairs," Tony suggests.
Well, at least there’s that, Tony thinks. Not every Avenger was against him. Maybe because they weren't there, who knows, but he'll selfishly take it.
"Not with everyone," he quips and rises on his elbows in order to scan the camp. If Tony isn't mistaken, he also subtly sniffs the air and then makes a displeased grimace. He can probably smell the corpses of the Hydra soldiers.
"Did she now?" Tony asks, eyebrows raising.
As infuriating as it is—because he's not a child—the nap helps. The downside is that Tony is groggy upon waking up and starts a quest for coffee. Surely they didn't leave Earth without some. The ship isn't big, which makes it easy to find the dining area. There's a counter slash table next to a set of cupboards and what Tony supposes are appliances. Heck, one looks a lot like a microwave. Steve is there too, occupying a stool bolted to the ground and eating a power bar. He glances up from a tablet as soon as Tony shuffles in.
"I don't miss that at all," Tony says with a half smile.
Steve gets lost in the kisses, chasing Tony's agile tongue and marveling at how well they fit together. It's only when Tony squirms, pushing his hard cock against Steve's belly, that he pulls back.
"Should I take the shield?" Peter asks. "Because I was told that I might need to grab it, but I'm not sure anymore. Hi, by the way. I'm Spider-Man. Big fan."
"Ha." Tony's not sure he wants to rehash the whole Accords fiasco, but he's still curious. "Is there something special with these guys?"
"DUM-E? Bring me the 5/64 key, please," Tony says. "Thank you."
"Yes." She's a formidable and cunning combatant, and Tony would be a fool not to bring her.
"Thanks for bringing them in. I'll call the shelter and check if they can find a foster home"
"Holy shit!"
Steve explained that Hydra programmed Barnes, who didn't know what he was doing. It's horrific that he was used like that, of course it is. But the guy still
"What?" Tony replies, tail swishing. He hates that nickname, which is why Bucky uses it as much as possible.
"It's used for sensation play," Tony says. "Peeled ginger burns when inserted in the ass or the vagina. It's part of BDSM scenes, sometimes. It was used for torture, but you know how humans can be. Of course someone went, 'hey, why not do this for fun!'"
Cora caws. "Wow. Nice."
Tony's not surprised. "I mean, Pepper’s her mom."
"I wouldn't say the foremost expert, but I'm not doing so bad," Tony says, at ease.
Tony goes over the letter again. It's dated from today, and Phillips had to censor it before giving it to Tony. It's a stroke of luck that they did not transfer the letters to film and V-mail, as then Tony would have never realized there was something relevant in the correspondence.
Tony turns to him in disbelief. "What? You think me and Barnes will become
"So dramatic," Steve says. "Oh, shit!" he exclaims next.
The white kitten doesn't open her eyes, not even one, but she meows anyway, and him and Tony laugh.
"And how did you reverse the Decimation again?" Ayesha asks.
"Countdown from three, two--"
"I'm fine," he says between clenched teeth. He doesn't seem to appreciate that Tal stopped for a chat instead of getting out of Dodge.
"Fell asleep on your keyboard, huh?"
going to tell me, eventually?"
"Who is it?"
He's got a point: like it or not, Tony has done that dance for decades.
Nebula glares at Carol; heck, she moves slightly between them too as if to protect him. But Tony grins at the joke: he's always loved smartasses.
"Huh." Who would have thought. Then again, SHIELD sent Clint to kill Nat and he made her turn too.
"I'm sure you could help, yes. Where would you like to go for dinner?"
"It's not the baby," Steve protests, but he caves when Tony raises an eyebrow. "Okay, fine, it's a bit because of the baby."
killed my family!" Anthony interrupts with a sneer.
"Agreed," Tony says.
"Okay, so time to wing it ourselves," Tony tells Steve, raising the remote. "Do you agree?"
"I'm fine," he manages as Carol and Talos help him sit down on the floor, now free of the memory-machine.
"You too," Steve slurs, loopy on endorphins.
Steve parks behind a SUV with a rental license plate, and takes a moment to breathe, rubbing his suddenly clammy hands on his thighs. Everything will be fine, Tony invited him to visit, even insisted he come over.
