“What’s up?” Dean says. Cas is wearing a polo shirt and khakis, both from the thrift store. They both fit him reasonably well, which in this bunker, basically means it’s not unlike a latex body-suit. Dean swallows and tries to look directly at Cas’ face for this entire conversation.
“Uh,” Castiel hedges. He is wary about these ribs. He fears that he will try the food and he will taste something other than molecules. Maybe he will even enjoy it. That scares him. “Perhaps.”
he thinks. He hefts the pink ball and doesn’t look at Cas as he swings the ball between his legs and lets it go. He’s no bowling savant, but it travels in a reasonably straight line and knocks the first three pins down flat.
,” Crowley says, evidently enjoying the reaction he is provoking in Castiel. He is just a dog after all. Say the words and he comes running. He keeps punching the glass, less out of will and just out of reflex.
“Very nice,” Cas says finally, a smile curling up the side of his mouth. Dean’s smile broadens and he opens his mouth to say something else but there’s a honk from the car beneath them. Dean falls back a couple extra inches in surprise. Cas doesn’t move a muscle.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Castiel says, and truly, truly means it. He wonders if it is strange to hug Dean like this, in the kitchen, alone. He has been scared to touch Dean since his Deal, just in case, but he knows he can try and give something to him. A reassuring pat on the shoulder might not cross any boundaries.
Dean, as he’s admitted into Cas’ shoulder some nights, is afraid of Cas leaving. Cas understands this too. He’s long been something of a “flight risk” in their relationship. Sometimes things, and Dean, are easier to look at from a distance. Sometimes he still could see the sheen of Dean Winchester’s soul in his rearview even a hundred miles away. He ran then because he could and no one was stopping him. He’s been stopped now, quite permanently. There’s no force in Heaven or Earth that could make him leave now.
“I know you’re nervous. Hell, you’ve got a lot of reasons to be, Cas. But-” Dean says, inching forward. In this kitchen, it feels like a mile. He points a finger at Castiel’s chest. “You’re lying.”
Dean thinks, and feels a little bad. Angels can read people’s thoughts, can’t they? That’s part of their whole thing. He thinks for a second, scuffing his shoe on the tile. He thinks clearer.
Jack calls eventually because he and Sam came home two hours ago and Cas and Dean are still nowhere to be found. Their Blizzards, Jack adds sorrowfully, are completely melted.
“Uh, sure,” Jack says, clearly unaware of what exactly the SuperBowl is. “He said he might need my help mashing later.” He looks pained, his thin shoulders hunching suddenly. “I don’t think I was supposed to tell you that.”
“I guess a plain ol’ Caesar will do, hey?” Sam says, voice shifting as he turns to look at Jack. Dean drops his hand finally, curling it beside him. Cas leans in after it for a second before standing up straight and facing the conversation like an adult.
“I’ve come to the decision that I need to put myself first occasionally, and I’ve talked at length to Sam about this and he agrees. I just want to know your perspective, as your opinion is quite important to me,” Cas continues. He’s now looking at a spot just over Dean’s shoulder. Probably Dean’s poster of The Good, The Bad and The Ugly if he had to guess.
“It would make you feel a whole lot better, Mr. Novak. I would bet my whole medical career on it,” Dr. Kerubin says. Dean looks at Cas and nods, his eyes liquid and hot.
Dean stares at him, caught in the space between Cas’ exposed collarbone and his shirt. Cas tilts his head.
It goes like this: Dean watches Cas and Cas watches Dean. They look when the other is looking and when they are not. They carve out spaces on the couch for the other to claim, looking hesitant as they do, shoving their jackets onto the seat beside them at diners while the other orders. It is a middle school romance just as much as it is the romance that killed God, and it quietly rends them the closer they get to one another.
?” Crowley says. The asset rises from the floor. He is a homunculus. He is a shell where horrors are formed.
So there he is, leaning against the kitchen island. He is scuffing the tile below his feet. He is holding a beer but is not drinking it. He is feeling horrifyingly, spectacularly sorry for himself. It was stupid, he shouldn’t have even
They both get out of the car quickly, and the cool flow of air conditioning as they open the door makes Dean sigh a sweet sigh of relief. Sometimes it feels like he’s pushing through hot, muggy soup in these Kansas summers. This is just nice. The interior of the alley is rife with neon too: bright green cactuses and yellow stars and brown boots above the lanes, dimmed slightly with age. The soundtrack is some twangy, folky thing, barely heard above the din of the crashing pins and celebratory yells.
“We are,” Dean says, turning in his arms so he sees Cas’ disgruntled face. “Can’t a man want to see some muscles?”
“We got time now, is what I’m saying,” Dean says. Cas looks over at him. He’s already looking back, eyes pleading with something Cas can’t name. “I already told SHIELD and the Avengers that I’m taking a hiatus for the current future.”
Dean realizes. He was right to be nervous. If Dean had known, he wouldn’t have even gone. He would’ve locked himself in the dungeon and never come out.
“Hey Cas,” Claire says, breaking their deliberation. She’s wearing all black, which is familiar, and her hair is in a ponytail, which isn’t. She doesn’t look as grumpy as usual, which Cas views with a warm buzz in his chest. She grabs him in a hug, and he hugs her back, unsure of the backslap protocol but deciding to stay safe with none.
“Too bad,” Dean says quietly, and ignores the way Cas’ eyes burn holes in his jaw, the air around them suddenly thick. Dean presses the gas pedal, and Doll’s Saloon finally sinks out of sight.
“Did you remember it all?” Dean says at last. Castiel is distinctly aware of the way his body curves toward him, like a branch or a plant. “In the Empty?”
This particular day is very mild and pleasant, the last bastion of summer before autumn arrives. Castiel watches the wild rabbits in the dense forest outside the bunker hop and thump the ground, and gently holds out his hand so they could sniff the grain he’s procured for this exact reason.
“Be well,” Castiel bids it. The rabbit must understand, as it turns and bounds off into the forest again.
The butcher down the street at Pete’s Meats is not named Pete. Her name is Ellie, and she has always been nice to Castiel, even when he comes in and spends an hour staring at the display trying to figure out which one is flank steak or what filet looks like.
Castiel’s next frontier of memorization is all of the stock of the stores in Lebanon. He spends days just looking at the various labels in the little grocery store, the one down the street from the bank. He goes several days in a row, so much and for so long that the employees usually stop asking if he needs help.
“Jack,” Cas says, foreseeing a potential teachable moment as it rolls right at him like a freight train. He channels Dean and puts a hand on Jack’s shoulder. It’s just a shoulder pat, but he hopes it’ll do. “It’s okay. Everything’s fine.”
“Very,” Cas says, smiling small. Dean grins back, and Jack scooches past them after a small eye-roll, a relatively new addition to Jack’s more human behaviors. Dean gasps when he sees it, putting his hand up to his chest in mock outrage after shifting out of his way. Jack disappears into the kitchen, presumably to resume peeling potatoes.
Jack eyes Dean with some degree of suspicion, which Dean takes offense to. What, just because he’s human doesn’t mean he’ll let Cas
Dean nods, and the Uber in front of them unloads the last of its passengers, and they slowly slide past Doll’s Saloon. Dean watches the sign get smaller behind them.
“Sounds like another young person we know,” Cas says. Dean catches his gaze for a second, then nods, exhaling steadily.
There are still ghosts. There are still monsters. Dean teaches Cas to fight hand-to-hand, even when it frequently dissolves into them gleefully rubbing up on each other. Sometimes, Cas comes up to him and puts his fingers down one-by-one on this collar, and he is suddenly very aware he is the happiest he’s ever been.
Figures, the best part of the evening and some vampire decides to jump them. Well, some shitty vampire wouldn’t be a major problem, but damn would it ruin the mood.
“I’ve noticed,” Cas says shortly. He breathes deeply against the nausea churning in his gut. Dean leans back in his chair and rubs his eyes, resting his hands there for a beat too long.
“Did he say what it was?” Dean says, dipping into the bags to liberate his chicken thighs, bread and butter pickles, and farmer’s sausage from Cas’ chemical-laden cinnamon buns, and shoved them all in the fridge where they could fit.
“That’d be wonderful. Thank you, Dean,” Jack says, painfully kind in the way his father is. Dean hums and sets his station up to crack a few eggs. He wonders if he still has that tomato jam he made last week, or if Cas took the last of it to put on his burger yesterday. He might have some half-ripe avocados laying around too, could make kind of a California health thing -
Cas hums next to him, pulling his trenchcoat over his thighs like he’s cold. Dean stands up, and after a second of thought, sheds his outer layer too. Now he’s only down to his undershirt, his t-shirt, and his plaid shirt. He rolls up his sleeves too, because Cas did it and it looked good.
The asset searches up Castiel Novak’s name as soon as he can get to a library, but first he has to become human again.
“Jack,” Cas says as he watches Jack turn toward the door, halting him with a hand. “Is everything okay?”
“You had nowhere else to go,” Dean reminds him. “It was the Walking Dead out there, what were you supposed to do? Jump ship? Nah, you were stuck in a bear trap. I probably didn’t even let you out to piss.”
“I like spending time with you, Cas,” Dean says, aiming for casualness. Major understatement, but hey, who’s counting.
“Are you hungry?” Dean asks, breaking their momentary silence. Cas looks at the table of food in front of him, which was kneaded and pressed and put onto plates by Dean just for him. Very little has been made just for Castiel in the past.
“There’s so little meat in this animal this feels hardly worth it,” Cas says, putting down the leg he was gnawing on. Dean reaches over and downs the liquids out of the shell, to Cas’ immediate scowl.
Then he left the frontlines in the middle of the night to rescue his little brother and his childhood best friend’s platoon from capture behind the front line. The asset remembers the intense coughing that set in amongst the prisoners, then being strapped to a metal table and injected with venom and electrocuted for hours. He remembers crying and soiling himself and screaming to God that He had abandoned him and the world in general. And then.
It‘s not unwanted, his advances toward Dean. He must hold onto that as his central truth because anything less than that and his tenuous grasp on this situation completely fails. He wants Dean to touch him, but he respects if Dean doesn’t want to. Cas can abstain the rest of his life without sexual conduct, he thinks. But he didn’t think Dean would feel the same.
Well, he thinks. He sits down on the empty floor of the barren apartment. He’s still alive. That must mean something. Or just that he hasn’t died yet.
“Did Dean update you about… everything?” Cas hedges, squinting. He doesn’t know who knows and who doesn’t, doesn’t know the protocol for asking. By the way Jody cocks her head, she’s not in the know.
Dean does think about other things other than wooing Cas, by the way. He thinks about Sam and Eileen moving out of the bunker, and he thinks about Cas and Jack moving out of the bunker, and he thinks about the wild rabbits that live around the area that Miracle loves to chase. He thinks about Donna and Jody and the trip to Miami they went on after they were resurrected, and the pictures they text him with their giant cocktails. He thinks about Claire and vows to invite her over soon so he can make short ribs for her that she likes.
“Hey, help put that away,” Dean warns, and Jack sighs before straightening up and grabbing a package of toilet paper to put in the bathroom. Jack had requested chocolate ice cream, Spaghetti-Os, and chicken nuggets on the weekly shopping list, and Dean had begrudgingly agreed, even though he knew he could make better nuggets than that if Jack had asked. “Cas is cooking tonight? I thought it was leftovers today.”
Dean's there too, in this dream. He is sitting there, cross-legged. He lets himself think Dean's hand is firm on his thigh. He likes it there. He even wishes it was a couple inches higher.
He just thinks that, lets it sit in his brain. He could kiss Cas. He’s been thinking about it ever since he almost lost him in Purgatory the second time. The first time, even. When Cas first walked into that barn. Even before then.
“Not into the half-off special, huh,” Dean says. It’s not all the way a joke, more like a piece of flesh Dean’s sloughed off and laid in front of him.
It’s been a month since Costco. They had not seen each other fully naked. Cas had been excited to get to that point, even though he has seen everything before. There’s a difference between seeing something passively and seeing it because someone loved you enough to show it, that they bare their belly to you. That they hand you a sword and trust you not to do it.
“Cas, baby,” Dean says, and Cas hums in response, lulled by Dean’s soft tone. Dean presses his hands and the mixing bowl against Cas’ arms and they stand there, silently swaying, Cas breathing wetly on the collar of Dean’s ACDC shirt.
“Maybe you feel like if you start talking about it, you won’t stop, right? Especially to a random bloke like myself or SHIELD. Well, don’t worry your pretty head about it,” Crowley says, tapping something briefly onto the tablet in front of him and then looking up. “I’m only here to trouble you briefly.”
Claire, Kaia, and Jody come together and are still arguing over the supposedly sunny weather forecast as Jody ushers them through the bunker door. All three of them look like wet cats, shielding metal sheet trays and paper boxes filled with food with their bodies. Sam and Dean grab their hugs quickly and whisk away their wet jackets to the bathroom to dry, and then Cas and Jack are left to their introductions. They make eye contact, trying to figure out who will step forward first.
“I would never,” Dean hisses. His eyes are welling up. He looks angry at himself, the situation, at the tears themselves for existing. “I will never do that again, you hear me? Never.”
He is tired of this cyclical conversation. He is tired of Dean feeling sorry for himself, about the veil of misery he exudes with him every time he looks at Cas. He is here now, breathing freely and of his own volition against all odds. If Cas could even hold a grudge, it would’ve been gone the second Dean hugged him hello, willing to welcome whatever Cas was hugging him back.
Dean colors slightly, warming the spot right above his shirt collar. “No problem, man,” he says, and he places his hand on Cas’ shoulder, and he leaves it there for a second too long.
Cas makes no effort to sneak around Jack’s sleeping form. He flicks on the kitchen light as soon as he gets near it, which makes Jack startle. He tips the chair in surprise, just catching his balance by grabbing the edge of the table.
Cas is silent. After a moment’s pause, Dean checks Cas’ face, expecting disgust or pity at the very least. Instead, Cas is just frozen solid, like a block of marble. Like one of those shitty living statues. The only thing giving him away is his shoulders, rising and falling as he breathes.
“We gotta call Jack,” Dean says. He grabs Cas’ shoulders, the trenchcoat rough and warm under his hands. “He’s probably freaking out right now, Cas.”
Before Dean can check his watch again, Jack hisses suddenly and drops his potato onto the table, which then bounces onto the floor. All three of his dads immediately straighten up.
As soon as they’re free, Dean grabs Cas’ face like he wanted, right between his palms, and kisses him.
“He did,” Cas says neutrally, but Sam has known Cas for a long time. Cas curls his finger around his glass, watching the condensation disappear under his fingertips. “I missed him too.”
Looking at it like this, beige and squat in the middle of a small town, it’s weird Dean was ever scared of it in the first place. Not so shabby, Dean thinks warmly, and then they drive right past it.
"Gimme Shelter" is the first song that comes plunking out, and Cas leans over to turn it up, brushing close to Dean’s arm as he does so.
“Well, she’s still kicking. She’s in the Alzheimer’s ward at Howard. After I disappeared, she got married and had a few kids,” Dean says. His tone is nonchalant, but Cas knows that it hurts to say. Dean keeps his eyes on the window as he talks, folding his hands into his chest gently.
“That was at university, Dean,” he reminds him primly, enjoying the laugh he gets from Dean in return. Cas smiles at Sam, mouth closed, eyes bright.
Sometimes Cas lets himself imagine what it was like for the women Dean has been intimate with. Did they feel the same thing he does, that feeling of security? Cas’ traitorous heart says it’s very different. That there’s no one in the world with the head that Cas has, and there’s no one like Dean. So he took that moment to inch Dean’s waistband a little lower. He could feel the cotton of Dean’s boxers press against his knuckles and there’s electricity going through his body like a power line and—
“Yeah? You’ll have to make it for me sometime, it sounds good,” Dean says cockily, cringing right after he says it. It’s instant ramen, man. Pull yourself together.
Sam nods, biting into the taco. It’s good. He hums as he takes another bite, white onions and cilantro forced out onto his jeans. “Really great taco, Dean.”
“Dean, you must know—,” Cas starts, looking at his hands as they curl into fists. “You must know. You have to. You can’t make me say it.”
“Castiel Novak, I presume?” Crowley looks up with a trace of humour in his eyes as he writes something down. Cas squints at him. Who else would it be?
Dean triumphantly announces, “Guess who’s coming to dinner!” He slaps Castiel on the back and leaves his hand on his shoulder, his thumb absentmindedly skimming the top of Castiel’s shoulder bone over and over again. It’s almost overwhelming. Castiel has been keeping himself at a physical distance since the deal, and this 一
“No problem,” Ellie says. She throws away her dirty plastic gloves and puts on new ones as she waits for Cas’ order. Her tattoo of Snoopy crunches inward as she flexes her arm. “Dean send you here for something special?”
This particular day, Cas had been watching Maury when Dean knocked on the Dean Cave door and forced him to sit at the dining room table with him.
“Cas,” Dean whispers as they break apart, and one of Dean’s hands goes into his hair, and his weight settles on Cas’ thighs. Cas groans in relief.
It’s now been three weeks since Cas returned, and the elephant in the room has entered some sort of frenzied state. Dean’s hands itch every time Cas offers to taste a piece of pie, or rolls his eyes at him, or comes to breakfast in just a robe and stolen motel room slippers. They itch when they fight about refilling the Brita, and when they fight about the right way to bread chicken tenders, and when Cas gives him a beer at night in a silent apology.
“Bright side,” Dean says, slapping both of his hands together. His smile is watery when he aims it at Cas, but it is a smile nonetheless. “Might get some heavy duty painkillers for this. Could sell ‘em if you wanted to. Build a nest egg.”
The Rocky Road Dean buys has marshmallows and milk chocolate folded in with vanilla ice cream. The molecules are barely noticeable when he eats it, and he gives it this time to Dean, who shrugs and eats the rest.
“The price,” Cas says. “And the merchants would argue, but the grandmothers would stay firm. I found that strange.”
Sam, on the other hand, is one of those men that people cross the street to get away from at night. He’s tall and he’s broad, so when people see his silhouette they tend to think he’s dangerous. Sam despises this.
Stupefied, Cas nods. His heart monitor is going crazy, which finally gets the attention of Sam and the doctor. The doctor seems to snap out of his trance, and he pushes Sam’s hand away as he wipes his face and blows his nose.
“Hello Dean,” Castiel says. Dean is wearing his waist apron and has a dirty hand towel slung over one shoulder. He’s smiling absentmindedly, the sort of smile that would disappear if you drew any attention to it.
He turns. It is, in fact, Dean, but framed in a reality-ripping portal the size of a small building. The edges of it fray and reform, like something is continually recasting a spell. Dean’s got blood all over his face, dripping from his nose and mouth and pooling onto a white t-shirt. He's got a matching bruised eye. Beyond him, the trees outside the Bunker sway in the breeze.
He is struck suddenly by visions of hamburgers, the big juicy ones Dean showed him sometimes. He whimpers at the thought, feeling like the very lowest of the human species. He edges his white sleeve over his hand and pushes off from the wall. He remembers Sam’s warm hand on his shoulder. Sometimes you have to just keep going no matter what. He feels like his legs are about to give way. Some superweapon he is.
“Wait, so isn’t bringing him back to life interfering with his free will?” Gabe asked, the skepticism clear on his face.  Sam shook his head, looking back out the window.
“And I’m guessing he’s not talking about pie,” Cas tried to laugh, to offer some levity.  Dean smiled down at him.
“Bro, you gotta look where you’re going.”  He looked right, then left, then stepped out far enough just to grab the book from the road, then darted back up onto the curb.  “You need a freaking guardian angel with you 24/7, if you’re just gonna’ keep your head down and say ‘screw life’ like that.”  Cas glared down at his older brother.  Having been adopted, Cas was nearly six feet tall, with Gabe topping out around 5’8”.
can attest to the thoroughness of their attention towards each other. But this kind of look rings Cas as familiar. It’s similar to a look he can imagine on his own face when he saw Michael wearing Dean’s skin for the first time. What is real and what is simulacra? In their lives, it’s an honest question.
“You probably see them from a mile away, right? Big and ugly?” Dean says, using his hands to demonstrate just how big and ugly these feelings were.
“A green space? Is that some fancy way of saying “park”?” Dean says. Cas nods, looking out the window at the Three Graves. “Where is it?”
Sometimes, when he gets knocked in the head on some of these hunts, he wishes he could get amnesia and forget all about monsters and demons and sigils and exorcisms and everything that his dad pumped into his brain since he was four years old. Sometimes he looks at a man in the line at IHOP and feels so jealous, like he’s a little kid and Dave or Bill or whoever has a shiny new truck he wants and is dangling it just out of his reach.
Cas’ eyes are very, very blue, and very, very pained. They are swaying back and forth into each other, like some orchestra is playing somewhere and their dance card is up.
“Uh,” Cas says, and digs into his jacket pocket. Dean sent him off with a short list of demands and a kiss on his jaw. Cas almost forgot the note. “He says he needs two and a half pounds of beef short-rib.”
He sets up a plan. He stays in the bunker at night to memorize every inch of it; the uneven cracks of the concrete walls, the old smell of books and corroded metal. He palms every uneven and mismatched utensil in the drawers of the kitchen and runs his fingers over the wood grain of their kitchen table until he’s sure he’s committed all of it to memory. And it goes on and on like this until he is sure he could draw a map of it, the place where he used to live.
“If I find you in the kitchen at 4AM again, I’ll strangle you,” Dean mumbles. He leans back, dropping his arms around Castiel’s naked waist. His arms feel warm enough to brand Castiel's skin. He guesses it would be payback of a sort. “You know, it all kinda made sense after you left. I thought you were just being weird and sneaky.”
The man asks, “You know me?” Castiel wants to deny it, but it would be fruitless. Yes, he wants to say. I’d know you if I had no eyes to see.
“A month ago, I told Dean I loved him romantically.” Cas clarifies, finding his voice finally. “It was in the meat section of Costco. He reciprocated.”
suspended in the darkness  —  old angels and demons, nothing more than torn apart corpses. If they were animals, Dean might’ve called them roadkill.
You need ice-cold water because you need to keep the butter cold so your crust doesn’t become an oily mess. You need to put the crust in the fridge when you’re not using it, so the ambient heat of your room doesn’t melt your precious work. You need good, crisp Granny Smith apples, not those mushy Red Delicious’ that Ernie at the market keeps trying to give you.
“It’s fine, Jack. They can know,” Cas says, and they all turn to watch him walking in. He’s glued to a small book, and he’s got a pencil in his hand. He’s either playing Sudoku again or a crossword, whatever he’s not done yet. He finishes a whole book of them in about a week if he’s feeling sharp. “I’m making Shepherd’s pie.”
“I would try everything in my power to save you,” Cas says, reaching his hand out to cup Dean’s jaw. “But I wouldn’t go back. Although.”
“Indeed,” Castiel says. The rabbit finally freezes at the sudden sound and bounds away a second later. They both watch as it disappears deeper in the forest, and then Cas turns around to actually look at his interloper.
“Exceedingly,” Cas says. There’s a beat as they look at one another. He squints, trying to decipher her amused expression. “What?”
“Ready,” Cas says gently, and the answering smile could power Cas through a hundred more years of solitude. He gets in gingerly, to not bump the stitches. Dean gets into the front and revs the Impala’s engine several times before peeling out of the parking lot.
They segment out into groups quickly. Claire and Dean disappear outside to start their routine fight over control of the grill, and history suggests that Claire will win. Kaia and Jack group together to talk about a show they both enjoy, one that Jack has tried futilely to explain to both Cas and Dean a dozen times to no avail, and Sam puts Kaia’s cauliflower into the air fryer that Cas got him for his birthday and is eagerly showing all of its capabilities to Jody. Jody ooos and ahhs at the specified times, and catches Cas’ eye for a second and gestures to the next room. Cas nods and follows her out. Sam goes to join Kaia and Jack’s conversation about… some sort of serpent? Cas isn’t sure.
Cas nods. “Dean, you don’t have to say anything. I just wanted to make you sure where our positions stand. It’s okay if we never talk about it again.”
Dean is back and doesn’t hate him. Those words come ringing into his brain and he sighs at the relief it brings. Dean doesn’t hate him. Dean wishes he would’ve stayed.
There is one place. Cas grimaces as he twists the tracking chip from the metal that compromises his shoulder joint. That one place might never want to see him again. He might remember that whatever Castiel is now is not his friend from 1945, but an imposter. Some long-haired aberration that beat him to a pulp and left him like a coward.
“It’s not because of you,” Cas says carefully. He resolutely does not look at Dean, and Dean suddenly feels like he’s being coddled.
He thuds his head back against his restraints and watches as Dean leaves, flanked by other SHIELD agents like bugs on a flower as they undoubtedly discuss his fate. At least he’s not wearing the uniform anymore.
They stand there for a while, haloed by fairy lights and sung to by the whooshing sound of the pond filter. Cas is the first one to pull away. Someone’s always gotta leave.
He looks in the mirror as he leaves the bathroom. He has something of a beard and his hair curls long against his neck, but it’s still him. His brother would recognize him on the street, he thinks. That provokes in him the first smile he’s had in years.
“I’ll be there,” Cas says quietly after a minute, like he doesn't want to hurt anybody by saying it. “I promise.”
“Yeah, sweetheart,” Dean says softly. Dean has always been quicker to use “bud,” “man,” or “dude,” and Cas sees them as the terms of endearment they are. But a
“Is there a problem?” Cas says, resting his book on the table. He looks at everyone, one by one, and Jack looks back at him, panicked.
If Dean were a person fundamentally unaffected by Cas, someone he hasn’t been in thirteen years, he might’ve been able to hold onto his anger better and say no, but they’ve gone through it all. It’s Cas. It’s Cas, Dean imagines saying to an audience, begging them to see him. You don’t understand. It’s
Cas shrugs. “I wanted to enjoy something beautiful, I suppose,” he says, his tongue clicking against a dry mouth.
Knowing where he’s going is also a struggle. He remembers the Empty: how vast it was, how his eyes tried to make sense of all that darkness, how futile it was. Despite what the Empty’s figurehead said, there were
“Well,” Cas says, crossing his arms and leaning against the countertop. “Would it help you to know that if you weren’t fine, you wouldn’t be alone?”
“No,” Cas concedes, holding a hot pink number before putting it back on the rack. He grabs a sparkling iridescent one, rubbing it all over with his hands and closing his eyes in thought. Like he’s finding the vibration of the ball’s frequency or whatever.
“Sure,” Castiel says. He doesn’t get the reference, but he’s sure Dean said it with the intent to explain it to him later. “I was just spending time with God’s creatures.”
“Once you’re finished, uh, that, would you want to see Jack Nicholson do his thing?” He gestures to the book. Cas looks confused. “We could watch it in the Dean Cave, pop a little popcorn.”
The asset remembers laying his hand on Dean’s shoulder, his uniform so ripped to shreds that he could put it on bare flesh . The body underneath it has never been familiar to him, but he thinks this blood is.
“Yes, you would have died that night except for my interference.  I caught your tiny soul and encouraged it to return to your body, even as the firefighter found you in your bed.”  Gabe fell heavily onto his butt onto the coffee table and Cas reached out a hand.  As it landed on Gabe’s shoulder, the blond reached up blindly to hold onto it.  “There were other incidents.”
“To clarify,” Sam said, meeting the gazes of the other three, “we need a cupid to come set us as two couples for bonding in love.  Dean will bond-mate with Castiel as they are sexually matched and Dean’s bond would allow him to watch and protect Castiel from injury or death.”
He grimaced even before he stuck his foot into the young man’s path, causing him to trip, falling forward onto his hands and knees.  The book he’d been carrying skittered off the edge of the curb and when the dark-haired young man had sucked in a quick breath, it had been more for the book laying just on the road, than for his own skinned hands and knees.
“Dad said after you tether the clueless clutz, the next time either of them even makes a move that looks like they suspect anything, we can reveal ourselves in all our glory.”  Dean mentally snickered as Sam rolled his eyes.  “You keep rolling those eyes, little brother, and dad may have to send you to Bobby to rebuild part of your vessel.”
“Yes.  Castiel appeared to be cursed from birth and should not be alive now, but Father has decreed that it is Castiel who will alter humanity’s future when the Apocalypse rises.  Gabriel will be by his side and by Father’s words, ‘the road so far has been paved with good intentions, but the fork is coming.’”
“But isn’t guarding us against danger also interfering with our free will? Changing our futures?” Cas asked softly.  His blue eyes stared at Sam intently.
“Well?” Sam sent over their private link once Cas was settled into his first two-hour class of the day.  He felt a playful shove against the link from his brother.
“And while I would love to ‘smite’ you,” Dean spoke up before Sam could continue, “it would be the exact opposite of our mission and even if Sam is choosing the ignore the gross innuendos you’re throwing his way, what you are seeing as ‘heavenly bodies’ are vessels we created ourselves from the smallest atom up so we could make them as ‘attractive’ or as ‘imposing’ as we wanted.”  When Sam rolled his eyes at Dean’s finger quotes, it was Cas who chuckled.  The atmosphere in the room relaxed a little and Sam realized they were all finally calm and this was a more rational discourse than he had expected, at least between Gabriel and Dean.
“If you’re angels, why are you wearing clothing at all if you remain invisible?  Or are you on another plane of existence and can just see and interact with us across them?  Are all angels ‘heavenly bodies’?” Gabe asked while pumping his eyebrows up and down with a leer.  “Can I be ‘smote’ with your ‘sword’?”  Sam cleared his throat as Dean clasped his hand in front of him and looked up, pleading with Heaven to let him do something to shut the annoying human up.
Right on time, Gabriel came out from the kitchen, wiping his hands on a dishrag that he tossed over his shoulder.  He grabbed a bottled water from the beverage case, bringing it over to Cas with a smile.  Their brother was working the register and just waved as the youngest turned to leave.  The blonde patted him on the back with an anxious look, nearly flinching as Sam sighed at the thought of his charge being on the move with so many dangerous things between the bakery and the college campus.  Gabe looked around, still not seeing anything, but the room suddenly felt a little cooler once his brother was out on the sidewalk and headed towards the campus several blocks away.
“Exactly!  Which makes it even harder because you know how many times he’s been killed because he said the wrong thing to the wrong person and he was completely clueless to the danger of the situation?” Dean shrugged.
“And I will bond-thingy with the tall, hotter angel so I go top crazy all over that well sculpted bottom and I’ll have my very own archangel bodyguard to drag with me to my boudoir.”  He was beaming as Sam rolled his eyes playfully, but Dean just groaned.  It was Cas who reached over and cuffed his brother upside the head.  “Hey, lay off the locks, bro.”
“When dad said he had a special assignment for me, I wasn’t exactly excited, you know?” The other angel just nodded along, their private conversation going unheard by the two humans.  “When he told me I was permanently assigned to a human, I was less excited.  But now that I’ve been by Cas’ side for the last 20 human years, all that non-excitement is now just adrenaline.  All based around how to keep him from dying every moment of every rotation of the planet.”  Samael threw up his hands, then ran one over his long, wavy hair in frustration.  “You’re the warrior angel, Dean.  Guard duty is kind of your thing.”  He stopped and looked down at his brother.  “Want to trade?”
“What is the meaning of this?!” Zachariah demanded, digging his finger into Sam’s chest.  Sam simply looked down at the finger, then scowled into the face of the balding man currently inhabited by the bureaucrat with the nasty voice.  The scowl was enough to make him back down, but he continued his tirade.  “End this at once.  We were so close to the final plans to cleanse the earth of these mud monkeys.”  The disdainful look he cast at Cas and Gabe was unmistakable.  Dean rose to his full height and stepped in between the humans and the power-hungry butt kisser.
Dean cleared his throat, which in turn, caused Sam’s laughter to taper off and he moved closer to the seated human.  Sam dropped to a crouch in front of Castiel, with a lithe and easy grace that had Gabriel again swallow his unspoken thoughts.
“This clothing, while minimal in the human standards of current public decency, is a reminder for all humans who look upon us of the original sin of shame.”  Sam said patiently.  “As for being ‘invisible’, your guess is pretty close. It’s a higher plane, a step up from the human dimension.  Extraordinarily enough, there are some humans who are enlightened or contain the right latent ability to view us across the planes as we view you.  You, yourself, Gabe, have sensed us many times, even though you were not fully aware of us.”  Gabe’s eyes widened as he shared an incredulous glance with Cas.
“That shut you up?”  Gabe blinked at him, then shrugged with a light blush, making Dean chuckle and wink at Cas, who was more stunned at seeing Gabe quiet.
“Obviously, the arrangements are not ideal,” Sam sighed as he perched on the top of high cabinet and surveyed the entirety of the coffee shop.
For all Dean’s posturing in the beginning, Sam was seriously beginning to feel for him.  Cas had been awestruck and mostly silent, only once asking quietly, “Why me?”, for which Sam had no answer.  Gabe, however…was in full Gabe mode.
“I told you. I hate that name, Sam-a-el,” he growled, emphasizing Sam’s full name with a mocking sneer.  The taller angel sighed, feeling a smile tilt his mouth.  He reached a finger up to touch the point of the weapon and a tiny drop of liquid light appeared where the flesh met the strange metal.
“There’s a difference between ‘checking to see if someone is real’ and ‘hoping to check that everything is proportionate’, you pervert.”  Sam felt himself actually blush as he had been so enraptured by the touch of the hands on his body, even over his clothes, that he hadn’t thought to protest, hadn’t contemplated the full concept of what the human was suggesting with his caresses.  His vessel had begun to take interest, and honestly, if Dean hadn’t stepped in when he had, the thin tunic wouldn’t have hidden anything any longer.  He tried to control the blush as he glanced over Dean’s shoulder at the short, blond man, who appeared to be flushed himself.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa,” Gabe blurted, coming around, waving his hands.  “This is some fate bullshit?  ‘The fate of the world is in your hands?’ kind of thing?” Dean snorted and shook his head, stilling when Sam glared at him.  Sam stood, crossing to the bay window and stared out at the wonder of the nature that had grown up around the house.
“And where have you been all my life?”  Sam narrowed his eyes at the older brother, trying to block out the bark of laughter from Dean, who still remained on the next plane.  He felt his body flush from his hairline to his exposed chest.
“Well played, Samael and Daniel. In an alternater universe, I would have enjoyed sparring mentally with you both in another form.” There was a sigh and eyes rolled upwards.  “Minions, get thee gone.”  When none the demons made a move, acting confused, Crowley growled loudly, “Get back to Hell, for fuck’s sake.”  This sent them scrambling to pop out quickly, Crowley finally following with a two finger salute.
Sam chuckled, shaking his head, while Dean continued to grumble.  Cas was the only one truly quiet, his face thoughtful.  When Gabe opened his mouth to perhaps continue, Cas raised one finger, causing the two angels, and his brother, to quiet and turn to him in anticipation.
“Whatever we want,” Sam replied, jumping as Gabe landed a light slap on his buttock.  “Within reason.”  Sam blushed and leaned down to wrap his arms completely around Gabe.
I'm going to break this up into "books".  One more chapter to this one and then I'll add a part 2, which may be my first attempt at more "adult entertainment" and then part 3 will be normal again. LOL
“Love,” Sam continued quickly, holding Cas’ gaze, “is the only power stronger than the Host.  You love Gabriel, but it is familial love, and not that powerful.  If you could bond to a powerful being in true love, perhaps by cupid’s arrow, the bond would be so profound that not even God could sever it.  It could only be severed by the bond-mates themselves.”  Cas blushed.
None of them had a moment for congratulations or soft kisses, before there was the smell of ozone, brimstone, and the sound of feathers and sizzling.  They were instantly surrounded by a flight of angels and a legion of demons, all making noises of surprise and anger.
“We’re like married, right?” Gabe smiled brightly in question.  Dean rolled his own eyes, even as he pulled Cas closer to him and kissed his forehead.
“I am an angel,” Sam began slowly.  With a light touch of grace, he lit up his eyes from within and gave his wings a mild glow. Both the humans’ mouths dropped into an ‘o’.  Gabe eventually glanced down at the remote in his hand and tossed it back towards the couch, releasing his hold on Cas’ pajama top.
He knew the exact moment they both saw him.  Gabe had leapt backwards over the back of the couch, the remote in his hand, pointing it like a sword.  Cas’ eyes had gone wide before his forehead scrunched down in confusion and he clambered back over the back of the couch to where Gabe pulled him behind him.  Their breathing sped up and neither appeared to blink for a bit.  Sam had only been visible for a split second, but when Dean sighed from where he’d been lounging against the end of the couch and watching the tv with Gabe, Sam nodded in resignation.
Gabe’s hand felt over the muscled pectorals and down to the rippled abdominals.  When one his gaze and hands began to stray to the archangel’s hips and other ‘lower areas’, Dean stepped forward and shoved the blond human back.
“Hello, my children.”  Cas and Gabe were confused until both Sam and Dean stepped forward to kneel at his feet.  The two humans hurried to join their bond mates on their knees.  “No, please, don’t kneel.”  Once all four were again on their feet, he smiled awkwardly.  “I’m Jack, just call me Jack.”
“The only permanent occurrence that cannot be argued by the Heavenly Host is love.”  Gabe snorted, just as Dean blushed.  Cas looked frantically into Sam’s patient eyes.
“You’re already a mother hen,” Cas muttered. “You going to be my angel to watch over me too?”  Gabe handed the book back to his brother with a smirk.
“Well, boys,” Crowley grumbled as he straightened the cuffs on his sleeves. “Every time a mess of this magnitude comes along, it’s always you two.”  He glared up at Dean, then shook his head at Sam.  “Moose, I thought you had more sense than follow one of Squirrel’s plans.”  Dean glared back at him and Sam smirked.
“I offer my grace in apology, Dean, oh, Watcher of Men,” his soft voice hummed, making the shorter angel pull back, the sword flickering out of existence.  Dean grabbed the ‘bleeding’ finger and pressed his lips to it in a kiss.  “Careful, great warrior, or you may give our charges the impression you aren’t the badass we both know you are.”  Dean grunted but dropped the hand and turned narrowed eyes back to the two no longer cowering humans.
“Yeah, sorry about that,” Dean grimaced, rubbing the back of his neck.  “I really thought she understood I wasn’t ready for a bond.  But she shouldn’t take it out on you.”  Sam glared over at his brother.  “Yeah, I’ll take it up to Bobby.  Let him know what’s going on so he can nip it in the bud and let her know your assignment is directed by Heaven to keep the kid alive no matter what.”
“I really hope not,” he said.  His brother’s green eyes took in Samael’s posture before shaking his head and coming closer to clap him on the shoulder.
“If you can watch both, I’ll head up and see if I can coax dad to lay it all out and give us the go ahead.”
Cas and Gabe were shocked and amused when the store suddenly held two additional, obviously supernatural beings.  The taller one, still shorter than Dean but taller than Cas, had a scruffy red beard and wore a fisherman’s cap and coat.  The shorter one, matching Gabe in height, was a wonder, in his rainbow suspenders and yellow striped shirt.  Both beings came in offering hugs to Sam, who gladly returned them.  Dean side hugged Benny but held Sully off for no hug.  Cas, ever the progressive, accepted hugs from both of them, with Gabe grabbing both for a group hug.
Would Chuck even let him give up like that, write himself out of the story? Dean thunks his head back against the headrest. Probably not. He’d probably raze his fields and dry out the rivers and send locusts to eat all the rest. It is Chuck after all.
The subs, piled high with deli meats, Dean’s homemade giardiniera, and four different kinds of cheese, are delicious. They have seconds, spilling lettuce on the floor and giggling until Jack, awake from the noise, shuffles in for his too.
Dean reaches up to rest his hands on Castiel’s neck and then closes his eyes. Castiel is confused, cold, disorientated, and itchy 一 but he is alive and seemingly whole. He tries to send his grace to heal Dean, but he finds he has nothing left. He is sure if he had something to eat, he would taste all of it, not a molecule in sight.
“I love you,” Dean gasps, and the tears he was holding back slip down his face in streams. Dean leans in to kiss Cas, and he slides his hands down Cas’ face and onto his chest. “I love you.”
Cas leans back against his restraints again, trying to regulate his breathing. He’s been too long out of deep-freeze. He can’t control his heart rate anymore.
“Go to town, buddy. Let Cas try one of everything first though, you junkyard dog. Don’t go finishing off my mozzarella sticks,” Dean says, pointing a warning finger at him. Sam puts his hands up in surrender and delicately scoots the plate closer to himself, dipping a stick into marinara sauce and biting it in half.
And during the surgery, Dean is parked on a stool next to him, humming in his ear the whole time because Cas’ body metabolizes anesthetic like crazy and he needs a distraction. He hums Yankee Doodle Dandy and Amazing Grace and Elvis. His broad shoulders block out the light of the surgery room and the bustle of the doctors, shrinking the operating room to just the two of them. Dean has a gift for that.
“Nothing’s wrong, Dean,” Cas lies. He closes his eyes as a warm breeze comes off the water. “I’m just savoring the Earth’s pleasures as long as I can.”
It feels like a dream that Cas is here. That they’re driving together, that Cas is sitting heavy on the seat next to him. His cologne curls throughout the car around him. It smells like some expensive wood. It reminds him of those perfume ads he used to flip through, waiting for Sam to get done his math tutoring. He breathes it deep in his chest, trying to commit it there permanently.
Their fur is very soft. He watches them crawl, one by one, towards him, snag a piece of grain, and disappear. One in particular is smaller than the rest, with fawn colored fur and intelligent black button eyes. She grabs a piece of grain and instead of dashing away, she sits by his hand and eats as much as she dares. Castiel knows better than to get attached 一 although, does he? 一 so he mainly watches with adoration from afar.
The apartment he finds himself in is probably an old HYDRA shell. He suspects he has fifty minutes before they notice him curled just on the inside of the door. He forces himself up on shaky legs and plucks every security camera he can find from their hiding places and crushes them in his palm.
“Cas, it’s me,” Dean says impatiently. Is this a trick? Cas looks down at himself and sees that he has a tangible body again, which is a good sign. It’s also completely naked, which also points to this not being a fabrication. He doesn’t think he took just his coat off more than four times in the last four years. “Cas, we gotta go.”
“Depends on how you look at the matter, I suppose,” Cas says, closing the door behind him and sitting down next to Dean. Not right next to him, but close. If Dean were to reach out, his fingertips would reach his shoulder, or his thigh.
“Yeah. Sure. Merit badge,” Sam says, typing something onto his computer. Dean huffily makes his own sandwich, and opens his mouth to say another thing — because really, Sammy, he’s not a 1950’s housewife, he’s
He makes eye contact with the fawn-colored rabbit hiding in a chokecherry bush. It looks at him like it can’t tell what he is, whether he be human or angel or animal. Not a threat apparently. Castiel takes some solace in that.
Dean hasn’t smoked in ten years and only has his sigil and a shitty hand-poked heart as tattoos, but the feeling is the same. Shit, Cas might have more tattoos than he does now. Cas might be the bad influence, what with his rebellion and all.
Well, Cas won’t care. Not that the angels can’t be homophobic or whatever, but it’s Cas. If Cas could feel emotions, Dean is like 99% sure he would be gay. Not in a stereotype way. The dude wears the same thing every day.
Fuck. Dean knows rationally that this is probably just going to be a discussion of movie night, or Jack’s new lactose intolerance, or how the power washer works. But God, it could be something else, right? He looks himself over. T-shirt. Basketball shorts. Socks. Well, Cas has seen him butt-naked and covered in gore in Hell, this isn’t any worse.
“If you got nothin’ else to do,” he says, scratching the back of his hand. “I wouldn’t say no to some help.”
“Claire’s in Kansas,” Cas says. He is checking his phone with hands covered in flour, leaving huge streaks all over his screen as he types. “She’s coming over Friday.”
“I’ve wanted this since I was ten years old,” Cas croaks, putting his hand up to where Dean’s hand is resting on his cheek.
“I don’t know if I ever told you this, but he— I was sent into his version of my future. 2014 Croatoan-style. I was there but I was awful. Lucifer was wearing Sam like a prom dress. You were—,"
“This earth is miraculous,” Cas says. He looks at Dean now, steadily. “We are given the only best it has.”
Sam clears his throat after a second. “Do we need a salad or, uh, any sort of side dish tonight, Cas?”
All-in-all, for all of Dean’s constant changes, not much actually does. Dean and Cas still fight over the Brita filter. Miracle still chases rabbits outside the bunker. Sam, when he learns that Dean said something, has his thoughts confirmed and doesn’t give them shit when he finds them leaning against each other in the kitchen.
He shivers. He must be better at visualizing than he thought. If he thinks really hard, he can feel a breeze like the ones he felt back at the Bunker 一warm and comforting and smelling like damp green earth. Sometimes he would smell the river nearby, the small molecules that make up the fish in it.
“Yeah, well. Maybe it would’ve worked out in another life,” Dean said, a deep buried hurt coming to the surface for a second before it sinks back down. “But I-I wasn’t jealous, Cas. Not of her husband. I was jealous that she got
“So,” Dean says, leaning onto the back of Cas’ chair. “What do you think?” His eyes are hopeful, mouth set. Hoping for the best but preparing for Cas to tell him to go fuck himself and his lemon pepper wings. Like Cas would ever.
Dean grabs his arm before he stands, and then hesitates. “Is there… anything else you wanted to talk about?”
“For your well-being, I suggest amputation of the arm and partial amputation of the shoulder joint. After that, Mrs. Bradbury has said she feels like she can make you something better, Mr. Novak.” He speaks haltingly, seemingly too aware of the combined 500 pounds of muscle in this room.
“No! No. I just thought since you came in here,” Dean says.. “Just thought it would be about something... else.”
“She has been,” Cas says, leaning his aproned hip on the counter, texting something back with careful fingers. “She’s passing through Kansas before she goes on another hunt.”
“Thank you for coming with me, Dean,” Cas says finally. He is earnest in a way that hurts to look at. “I’ve wanted this for a while. I am glad it was with you.”
“Just be you, Cas,” Jody says. “You’re a top-notch guy.” She punches him in the shoulder, which does hurt.
“What’s past is past,” Cas interrupts. He doesn’t want to hear this. “If I dwell on it too much, I’ll go insane.”
Dean shrugs and turns to go too, but Cas stops him with a hand to the chest. Dean stills, eyes weary.
“Come on Jack, I’ll help you bandage it,” Cas says, grimacing. He helps Jack up and nods to Dean as he and Jack shuffle by him on the way to the kitchen bathroom. Sam grabs their first aid kit from below the sink and tosses it at Cas, who catches it with a hand and tucks it underneath his arm. They head to the bathroom, and Jack sits on the toilet seat and looks down at his hand, eyes troubled.
“I’m Fergus Crowley, I’m a part of SHIELD’s investigative division. Me and you are going to have a little chat about motivations, hm?” The man - Crowley? - motions his head to someone, and a young woman of considerable height and strength comes over to the cart that moves Cas’ cube and starts pressing buttons. Cas jerks as he feels the wheels engage under him, and he is then being escorted to a large door on the other side of the airplane hanger.
“Ah, sleep when I die, right?” Dean says. He gets a sudden feeling that he’s jinxing something. “Just tell me where to go.”
What had gone wrong, Castiel? Were his fingers too cold, could he not keep his grip? Was it the way Dean was looking at him like he was already planning his funeral as he stood there, reaching for him? Did Dean mourn him after he died, or did he move on, overcome with duty? What did Dean tell Gabriel? What did Dean tell
“Hey,” Dean says quietly as he opens the door. He’s wearing a pair of loose sweatpants and a grey t-shirt. If pressed, Cas could name all major muscle groups through the fabric. He doesn’t exactly mind it.
It’s strange how songs can bring you back to a moment in time like it just happened. Dean can feel his dad’s heavy leather jacket on his shoulders like armor, can feel the sweat gathering on his chin and under his eyes during their marathon drives in the summer. He remembers being so lonely it felt like the only thing that kept him alive was the fact that he was moving, like a shark. Same dead eyes too. Same pretty grin.
Cas’ eyes are closed next to him, listening. Dean can see the pulse fluttering in his neck and feels very, very warm all of a sudden. He rolls down the window and cool air floods into the front seat and it ruffles through the curls in Cas’ hair and Dean can live and die here in the car next to Cas, knowing Sam and Jack are safe. It’s enough to make him want to. It makes him want to. The feeling curls in his chest like a virus, like a root.
“Hm. Do we have any tuna salad left?” Jack says, yawning behind his hand. He’s been sleeping most of the days away since he came back after receiving and then relinquishing God duties. Turns out that kind of intense power takes it out of a kid. Who knew.
Dean feels wrong-footed, as is usual with conversations with Cas. It’s a comfortable, familiar feeling, that initial swoop of insecurity.
You see, Dean’s not that great of an actor. Sure, he’s got his moments, but when it comes down to it, he’s a crybaby. Just a little too soft to be a really effective weapon. He’s always straddled the line between caring too much and too little, never quite doing either well enough. He carries that big, awful heart everywhere he goes. Cas must see it from forty miles away, the things he does to Dean. Like a billboard of a car crash victim, his guts hanging past his socks. It’s nice of him to have never said anything.
So he cannot say it. He tries, but it rings hollow. But someday he will place a hand on Dean’s jaw, and Dean will understand. He hopes so. He’s never hoped for anything more.
The Captain America that emerged had no scars. He had the high cheekbones of his long-dead mother. He had a straight nose, and a smile that curved just as he wanted it. His shoulders and chest were thick and defined, and he lost the characteristic wheezing that accompanied his every movement. He was strong and fast and handsome, always with a wink at the crowd and a beautiful woman on his arm. A miracle of science and eugenics.
Cas nods. She was a high-ranking SHIELD officer assigned to the Captain America project during the war. Cas was on the front lines too often to know her very well, but received most of his information during the hours Dean would sit, dreamy eyed, writing letters to her on the bunk table. Cas would always double-check his responses for spelling errors.
“Ever go back, I assume,” Cas says. He looks, at that moment, as human as anything could be, the thin veins under his skin light blue. The fluttering pulse in his neck. “No.”
“Tree nuts,” Cas says. It’s t-minus two hours until their guests show, and Dean’s final menu: smashed potatoes roasted in olive oil and garlic salt until crispy, Cobb salad with big chunks of chicken and bacon, jalapeno poppers, corn fritters, the aforementioned short ribs, and beer cheese that Dean is currently grating all the cheese for into one big mixing bowl; is underway.
“It’s delicious, Dean,” Cas says, eyes soft. He leans back to look up at Dean more directly. Their faces get within proximity to each other, a breath away. “Everything is delicious.”
Dean sighs. “Always saving me. One day, I’ll return the favor if you’ll let me. You know, I’m kinda good at it.”
“Dean,” Cas says in astonishment. Dean’s bristled up like a bear, leaning towards him with wide, unblinking eyes. The chair starts to creak ominously under his weight.
“Jack?” Cas says, abandoning his salad and rushing over to check on him just as the other two come over too. Jack wordlessly holds up his hand, showing the inch-long cut slowly unfurling on his thumb. It’s not gushing blood, but it’s not pretty. Sam and Dean hiss in sympathy.
They get the bell peppers, the cinnamon rolls, and some romaine lettuce. Cas’ hand is warm on Dean’s waist the entire time.
“Awesome. Ten dollars square,” Ellie says, and Cas hands her a twenty. She rings it up, humming under her breath to the tinny noise of the radio. Cas looks out the window, to where Jack is in line at the corn dog place across the mini-mall. Jack sees him look and waves a corn dog at him, smiling.
The passenger door opens. Cas slides in, looking a little better already. Dean straightens up from where he was slouching.
biologically mine, but she’s not—,” Cas flounders. He wishes, not for the first time, that Dean was here with him, fielding the small talk with his smile and his knowledge of human interaction. “She was my… brother’s daughter. Before he passed.”
DOLL’S SALOON, it says in bright neon lights. Cas watches it carefully as they crawl past, stuck in the middle of Ubers and party busses.
“Alright,” Cas says. There’s only silence in the kitchen as the bunker’s old oven pops and shakes as it warms up.
They both throw the ball, Cas controlling Dean’s swing with his own arms and his own legs, strong and firm at his back.
“About going to the gay bar. We don’t have to bring Sam and Jack,” Dean says. “That was a cop-out, I think. On my part.” He laughs quietly to himself. “Maybe I could finally get you out of that coat.”
“Claire, hey?” Ellie says, grabbing a hunk of the short-rib and putting it onto the scale. She steps back, appraising it, and grabs another chunk after it’s evidently not enough. “She family?”
Three Graves Lanes obviously had its heyday in the ‘90s, covered in blinking neon signs and big, faded billboards. Dean hasn’t been to a lot of bowling alleys and only vaguely remembers back-to-school-specials featuring peppy kids getting drugs sold to them behind these, but this is about what he would expect.
“Hope you learned something,” Dean says, smirking as he collapses back into his seat. Cas nods at him, turns, and bowls another very efficient strike. The screen erupts in an animation of a hot dog smoking a cigarette.
But the invisible rules: what is okay, what isn’t, what trauma is too big to touch and what boundaries are firm; is ongoing. Dean would like to say he never messes up because, in his mind, he is always right. Cas would like to say he’s doing what is right for both of them, because Dean can’t actually see inside his head. In reality, Cas is putting himself inside Dean’s without knowing. They are two bulls, constantly ready to run as soon as something seems red. Even if it is just the fluttering of a curtain instead of a flag, and the man behind it is the only one to hurt you and get away with it because you love him too much.
The water that is gathering around him is cloudy with dirt and blood. The other chip starts to emerge from the other parts of his shoulder as he peels back circuitry and caked-on dirt. Castiel is much more careful about this one. As soon as it’s offline, they will divert all HYDRA personnel to look for him. He can’t run very fast like this, and there’s nowhere he can go.
“Huh?” Dean says. They both look at each other, simultaneously having the notion that they’ve missed something important. “Your feelings?"
“I think people go to school for that,” Claire says, biting into a chunk of Kaia’s buffalo cauliflower. Kaia looks happy whenever someone tries it, especially Claire. Cas watches her and Dean in turn and smiles to himself.
He and Cas have a lot of non-conversations. Dean doesn’t really mind. He would talk about the weather for hours if that means Cas would be right there next to him, pointing at the clouds and saying it looks like rain.
Most of Cas’ usual groceries; labneh, steaming slices of tahdig, wildflower honey, artichokes, vegetarian samosas, tall, frothy jugs of horchata he gets for free because the lady there likes him; comes from the farmer’s market, but Dean has caught Cas slamming shitty, factory-made cinnamon buns at midnight too many times to overlook it, so he buys them. Or whatever. They disappear within a few days, so Cas must know they’re for him.
Cas is not a crier outside of life-and-death situations. This, particularly, is not a situation that requires crying. But Cas sat and stared at the way Dean left so long that his eyes began to burn. He forced himself to blink.
Cas watches his improbable mouth and his straight nose and the muscles under his skin move and thinks, for the first time in his life, that someone out there must like him a little bit, if only to let him have this after all he’s done.
Jack, Kaia, and Sam break up their discussion of whatever a “bughead” is reluctantly, and come sit at the table too. There are the requisite “wows” and “well-dones” at the beautiful presentation, which Dean brushes away with a hand despite being obviously very pleased at how it all turned out. He takes his seat next to Cas, who sits next to Jack, who sits next to Claire and Kaia and then Jody. Sam sits at the head of the table, where he can reach and pass everything with his very long arms. Dean serves the meat while everyone else grabs portions of the sides, and Jody pops her wine.
“Okay,” Cas says. He releases Dean, who winks at him and goes up the stairs to where his meat is waiting.
“We should make it back soon,” Cas says, eyes averted. Dean wonders where the line was, where he crossed it. “I hear we have Blizzards waiting for us.”
From the beginning, everything that could’ve been a problem during the case became a problem. There was a dead husband’s ghost in the newly single mother’s bedroom, breathlessly trying to convince her to get out of their house. There was the brackish water streaming down the walls and puddling under their shoes as the ghost tried to talk to them with his throat torn open. Then there was a knocked-over candle in their barn spreading to the piles of dry hay. The kids Dean had to save, two twin girls, watched the structure go up in flames in silence.
“To the end-,” Dean had sputtered. His teeth are red, red, red. “To the end of it all, Cas. Past that.”
“Dean?” Castiel forced himself to say, squinting as Dean hurriedly undid the straps holding him down. “What happened to you?”
If he focuses, the asset can remember a short man with light brown hair, smiling at him and calling him squirt. He names this man Gabriel, pleased at the click of puzzle pieces in his brain. He was a person who had a brother once. He turns to the screen again.
Dean doesn’t laugh but sighs dramatically, leaning back in his small hospital chair. He’s just on this side of too bulky to be comfortable, so he shifts his weight every few seconds to compensate. Cas finds some amusement in this. He looks like a loaf of bread in a Ziploc bag.
, Cas thinks to slow his own heartbeat down. He’s like a dog when its owner comes home, enthusiastic and severely misjudging their permanence.
Dean slaps his hands together in excitement and turns around to go back into the Bunker. Castiel goes to follows him and stops. He feels a pair of eyes following him, glued to his vessel.
“Cute bunny,” Dean says over his shoulder. Castiel resolutely does not flinch, even though his true form shudders in his vessel at the sound of his voice. The nearest trees sway despite no wind.
Dean nods along and flexes his aching wrists. Dean is doing a pretty good job for a first-timer, he thinks. He gears up with Ol’ Pinkie and goes to try his Between-The-Legs technique, but there’s a hand on his back that stops him.
Cas remembers looking into that nothingness and trying to remember scenes from his life to fill it - not even the scant happy ones, but the normal ones. The inside of the Gas ’n Sip on Route 45, the golf course they drove past once. He couldn’t remember any of it, not a single blade of grass. Just soul-shredding emptiness.
“I don’t mind the company if you want to stay,” Castiel says quietly. Dean’s eyes meet his and tries to read something there before he smiles limply and looks away.
“I apologize for dying in front of you,” Cas says finally. A mittened hand goes up Dean’s neck and back down. “I never thought I’d be able to say it otherwise.”
“I came back early,” Castiel says. He thinks if he adds another smile it’ll be too suspicious, so he keeps his face passive. “I actually came here to check out the -,” Castiel tries to think of an ingredient Dean has mentioned before and it’s all blank until, “The shrimp.”
Cas has explained how interdimensional angel travel works a thousand times. It’s never gotten that much clearer to Dean, but it always scares the shit out of him when Cas just
He doesn’t know what year it is, but he has a watery memory of looking up something at the library as a child. He grimaces. Last time he checked, it was 1994. If he’s lucky, libraries as a concept still exist.
“I heard about your stint as God, kid,” Jody says, balancing her cargo on her hip. “Glad to have you with us.”
The asset remembers this old face. He remembered it before he realized he had a name of his own, before the conditioning sunk its claws in his brain. The freckles on Dean’s face and shoulders, growing more and more numerous in the bright Kansas summers. He remembers watching the sweat bead on Dean’s chest, remembers wanting to rest his mouth on the scars on his neck. He remembers the shame he felt when he thought it, how it mingled with pleasure in his chest.
When HYDRA put their asset back together after his fall, they didn’t account for his newfound regenerative capabilities. During the entirety of the arm’s amputation, Castiel’s body was fighting the surgeons. It was convinced it could handle whatever the world could throw at it and was building new bones from his tissues, fine vessels extending forward past the tissue and knitting back together in front of their very eyes.
Amazingly, it turned out that the ritual that tethered Cas’ soul to his body actually sparked Sam’s grace so that as he spoke the last Enochian syllables to complete it, both Cas and Gabe’s eyes nearly bugged out of their eyes as for a flicker of an instant, Sam was fully visible to them as they sat in the den in their shared house.  Cas had been seated with his legs crossed and a thick tome on his lap, while Gabe was heavily involved in cheering on ladies jello wrestling, of all things.  Sam had taken that moment of peace to complete the tethering so that once Cas went to bed, he and Dean could slip into the park nearby and bask in the light of the full moon.
Dean is sitting on his bed in his room, sewing up a rip in his Levi’s from being shoved into a wall on a ghost hunt, when there’s a polite knock on the door. His hands still.
,” Crowley keeps going. He’s smiling, even as Castiel breaks his restraints open with a metal fist and launches out of his seat. I’ll kill you, Castiel thinks as he punches the glass as hard as he can. The whole cube shudders. I’ll kill you for this.
“Well, you can’t go wrong with barbecue, I guess,” Dean says, clearly seeing the problem. Cas relaxes minutely as Dean fixes him a paper plate filled to the brim with beef brisket, pulled pork, and slabs of cornbread and hands it to him, dripping sauce onto the table. Sam grimaces.
The preparation for Claire, Kaia, and Jody’s arrival happens largely through the magazines strewn over the bunker’s floor and Dean’s nonstop frenetic energy permeating every room he steps into. Jack and Cas have to sit at the kitchen table for hours, Cas reading Stephen King book after Stephen King book and Jack playing Animal Crossing on Alex’s old Switch, while Dean talks to himself out loud at full volume about what would taste good in order to dampen his fear.
Dean tears his eyes away and goes to the bench to shuck off his own boots. There are like ten thousand laces on these things. He’s glad he wore his nice socks today, the ones without any holes in ‘em. He slides on his puffy paint abomination of a shoe, and Cas waits until Dean ties the last bow before he gets up and takes off the trenchcoat, dropping it back onto his seat without a word.
“Hey Cas,” Dean says, eyes shining with something that looks a lot like mirth. “Dinner’s almost ready if you’re done being Steve Irwin.”
“Dean, Cas said you were making sandwiches!” Jack’s voice comes fluttering in from next door. He comes in a second later wearing his own Dead Guy Robe that he found in one of the rooms, Sam’s rolled up sweatpants and a shirt that he found at Goodwill for a dollar that said PROPERTY OF KANSAS CREW on it.
“You know, you’re the only person I’d stay up late making levain flatbreads, you know that? You’re the only person I’ve ever considered not annoying in the kitchen, even though I love Sam and Jack, I can’t focus when they’re there,” Dean says. Cas’ eyes are getting wider and wider. “I prayed for you every single night you were gone. When you died, every time you died, I drank so much I passed out every night for a week. How - how do you not know?”
“Even once is too much, Dean,” Cas says. He’s not quite sure how Dean isn’t getting how dangerous he is, or if he’s actively choosing to ignore it. “If I hurt you or Sam, even by accident, I’ll never forgive myself.”
“Soon,” Cas promises. He knows he means it as soon as it comes out of him. Dean looks like everything good has come to him at once. “Soon. I promise.”
“It’s fine, Cas. I freaked out a little bit back there,” Dean says. He doesn’t look at Cas, can’t stand to see Cas pitying him and his awful human feelings. “Let’s just sit here and look at the stars, huh. Bright tonight.”
“It’s okay,” Dean is saying. Hears himself saying. It takes a second for them both to get their feet sturdy. Dean just wants to clutch Cas to his chest, make sure he’s breathing still. That this is real.
“When you used to zap away? Always kinda figured it was to Heaven,” Dean says. He’s on his side, looking at Cas’ nose. The lines of his forehead, the ones under his eyes.
They sway slightly in the flickering lights of the bathroom, and in that moment Cas thinks he’s living a life too nice to be his. He remembers a deal he once made concerning something like this, his being happy. He remembers that poor bastard who made it, so certain that he would never get what he wants and survive it too.
Cas is frequently overwhelmed with his love for humanity. That feeling has been filtered through his human synapses and through his hands and he suddenly feels, more than ever, like he’s done the right thing. That there could be nothing in Heaven like this. That he doesn’t really mind the small talk. That humanity has been extended to him like a gift, and he has taken it, and it always feels like he doesn’t deserve it. That someone will take it away from him at any moment. He wants to live and fuck and die. He wants it so bad.
The “green space” Cas described is a little more than someone’s backyard with a gazebo and some of those little Christmas lights strung around it. There’s a little pond filled with squirming fish, and Cas lets them in with a furtive glance around him, like he’s waiting for the fuzz to show up. It feels like Dean is the good daughter’s bad influence boyfriend, covered in tattoos and smoking cigarettes in his leather jacket, telling her to skip church to listen to his awful punk band.
This kiss feels like it was born out of a pile of their shared bones in their future grave, so cradled together that you couldn’t separate them if you tried. A forever sort of thing, Dean thinks. He thinks if Cas was still an angel he’d make all the bulbs in Kansas shatter. Does Cas miss that? Shattering lights like it’s nothing?
“No, no. I think you didn’t quite understand what I meant,” Cas says. “I said that romantically. I’m in love with you.”
“Got that, Cas,” Dean bites back. He looks at the hot pink one that Cas was looking at before and picks that up instead. It’s pretty good. Not too heavy. It’s just pink in an unmissable way, pink like frosting, pink like the sky as they were riding down the highway.
“When you say love,” Cas croaks out. He has a hand balanced on the cart and one on the bagel display.
Dean cooks, and cooks, and cooks. He cooks cakes, and cookies, and all sorts of frou-frou fanciful shit, and leaves them everywhere so there’s never a moment that someone is snack-less. He thinks he’s fattening him and Cas up subconsciously, and Cas doesn’t seem to mind. He tries everything with gusto, and he makes Dean’s favorites too, like he’s proving to himself he can provide. Dickhead. Love of his life.
“Can’t blame a guy for trying to communicate,” Crowley says. He looks up at Cas with a smirk and Cas gets the feeling that this is a man who usually gets what he wants. He resolves not to give it to him.
Dean looks back at him witheringly before checking his watch for the fourth time in one minute. Claire, Kaia, and Jody were going to be coming in twenty minutes, according to Cas’ innate timekeeping sense. That, along with a broad knowledge of human languages and angel sigils, is one of the few things that transferred when he fell. It gives him a warm feeling whenever he uses it.
The screen above them outlined with a scoreboard saying “DEAN” AND “CAS” on it flashes an 8. Cas tries two more times to hit the outermost pins, just glancing one on his last try. He receives his 9 gracefully. He sits down next to Dean, looking smug, and gestures Dean forward.
says the elephant in the room. Dean sighs, and gets up to put on some better pants to fry some chicken in.
“I wasn’t in Ohio,” Castiel says. He knows why Dean is here in his kitchen, going through his things. “I don’t kill people anymore.”
Dean peeks at Cas’ face. Cas squints at the screen above him, blushless. Dean sighs, not quite sure what he expected, and turns his attention to the balls instead. There’s a gray-ish beauty that’s calling his name, polished shiny like the Impala. He tries to heft it with one hand, but it’s way too heavy and he almost drops it before he grabs a good hold on it.
“Dean,” Cas starts, like he’s going to talk Dean out of something he’s been preparing for weeks. Fat chance, buddy. He’s on a roll.
Since he came back from the Empty, Cas has taken to just doing whatever he wants. After Dean stutters out his own confession, right after Cas lands in a pile of his own blood and black goo onto the bunker floor, Cas makes him wait a whole day before cornering Dean while he’s cleaning the bathroom and kissing him until he accidentally spills a bottle of bleach all over his pants.
“Hey Cas,” Jody says, rolling her eyes and elbowing the girls out of the way to giving Cas his hug. Jody has been somewhat of a comfort to Cas, both concerning Claire and in general, despite their small amount of interactions. She puts all of them at ease, Sam and Dean especially. Jody slaps his back so he slaps hers too. “Hey Jack.”
It’s not that hard. There are many things Castiel chooses not to think about. He doesn’t think about the swathes of angels that he has killed for good reasons and for bad, the brothers and sisters he’s killed without second thought He doesn’t think about watching Kelly Kline love the thing that will eventually kill her, how he promised to take care of her precious son and then died.
Sam managed to burn the bones before anyone got hurt, but a bad hunt has a lasting effect on all of them. Like a mark you can’t quite wash off, or a bruise you can’t stop pushing on.
Dean wipes a tear from under Cas’ eye. Cas leans into his hand as he does it. “We’ll talk about it more when we get home, okay? We have to get Sam’s bell peppers, and we can get your terrible cinnamon buns, and then we can watch a movie and figure this out.”
Cas shakes his head minutely, so Sam heads to the doctor and hovers his hands awkwardly over his shuddering back.
Cas pushes open the door and leans on the doorframe. He puts his hands in his pants and thinks better of it and crosses his arms.
“You can’t see feelings?” Dean says. Cas shakes his head. Dean leans back into the wood of the gazebo. Cas doesn’t know. It is a brief relief that curdles into pure worry. There’s no way Dean can drum up the courage to tell him, not like this.
“It’s nothing, Cas. Bobby used to make it,” Sam says, rubbing at his forehead and looking at the ground. “He’d make it on some nights when Dad didn’t come back for whatever reason.”
Dean tries to wrestle the thought down but it comes out regardless. Shucking corn next to him and wearing overalls, petting the barn cat and sitting with his face in the sun.
Dean is a lot of things; a good cook, an okay brother, great at pool, bad at looking himself in the mirror; but he’s not stupid.
The second all three of them left the building for the last time there’s a “beep” of their SHIELD buzzers deactivating. Sam and Dean yell in happiness, and Dean slings a casual arm around Cas’ shoulder and swings him around. He is careful of the stitches, but he lets the arm sit there until they get to Dean’s new civilian car.
Cas is very still when he thinks. It’s like he’s mapping out every possible option and mentally rehearsing it before saying it.
Cas tugs Dean forward by the ACDC shirt, suddenly feeling soft and sentimental. He puts a hand on the back of Dean’s neck, curling into the longer strands of hair growing there and bringing him forward little by little. Dean lets himself be tugged closer to Cas, eyes closing in preparation for—
“Yeah, well,” Dean says, piling his tomatoes and his lettuce and his bacon and his mayonnaise in his arms precariously. “No apocalypse, no one is dead, the bastards are quiet. Sounds like a win to me.”
“I’m sorry, I—” Cas says at last, and Dean shakes his head. He comes over and grasps his shoulder, firm.
“I’m gonna head back to sleep,” Dean says. He presses his lips together, nods, and turns to go out the door, but Castiel holds out a hand to stop him.
The handlers were disgusted. They had expected the killing machine they formed with their own hands to be ruthless, that he had no soul left, that they had scooped it out of him. Yet the Winter Soldier wept anyway, his ruined shoulder shaking with the effort of it.
“All of it,” Cas says quietly, eyes roaming all over Dean’s face. He is intent on saying something, but he’s not sure how to say it. “I like them all.”
With a new relationship, there are always ground rules that you have to lay out before you can do anything fun. The majority of this process is unsexy and unsatisfying, dancing around boundaries and proverbial quicksand, snagging a tripwire without realizing and triggering a whole afternoon of cold shoulders. What Dean and Cas have on their sides is time, which helps. Dean knows Cas doesn’t like fancy ketchup, and Cas knows what to do when Dean has a nightmare, which is to let him lock himself in the bathroom for forty minutes and hug him when he comes back out.
He presses himself against a wall in an alley and breathes in, his chest hurting with the effort of it. His arm clanks against the bricks as he looks at his surroundings. He needs some sort of glove or something to make his arm camouflaged from prying eyes. He’s aware of the teetering piles of his memories, the tenuous grasp on what is real and what isn’t. The velvet coat over the gun. He doesn’t know if the gun is new or the coat is.
“I would enjoy that, Dean,” Cas says, smiling. He shifts his shoulders, and discomfort flashing across his face for a second.  Dean, idiot that he is, wants to sit on the ottoman across from him and lean into his space and get his hands on that deltoid.
Maybe this is what escaping Hell felt like, Dean thinks, and closes his eyes. Must’ve not been so bad really. If you think about it.
“Just that you’re back, buddy,” Jody says, smiling. “Can I talk to you a little bit later?” she asks, looking out of the corner of her eye toward Claire. Cas gets her meaning.
“Hey, bud. I’m making BLTs, you want one?” Dean says, shoving his own (perfectly-made) sandwich towards him, already reaching for the loaf to make the second one. Jack comes and sits next to Sam, who nods at him in acknowledgment.
“No, just the egg salad Cas made. I have cheese, I have chicken, you want a club sandwich?” Dean says, opening the fridge door and checking out the selection. “We have eggs and bacon, we can do a McMuffin thing.”
Dean notices him tensing and physically relaxes his shoulders, his stance. Cas watches this carefully. Old habits die hard.
“Hey Cas,” Dean says, crossing his arms and then thinking better of it and putting them in his pockets. He then leans against the doorway of the library. “What are you reading?”
“Dean,” Cas says. It would be in bad taste to bring up that Cas wasn’t really crying over Dean’s rejection, so he doesn’t. “I would still be here with you even if we were never sexually intimate. There is very little you could do to make me leave now. Only if you were to send me or Jack away.”
They’re in the meat aisle of their Costco on their monthly trip when Cas puts a hand on Dean’s arm. Dean is eye-rolling at the man in front of them grabbing all of the bone-in, skin-on chicken thighs. It’s friggin’ Costco, not Neanderthal times. They won’t take it away from you, dude.
Cas, oblivious to Dean’s dilemma, switches the car off and pulls out the keys, handing them back to Dean who pockets them, and then he starts his breathing routine. Dean waits patiently.
They never thought Captain America would need a thing like their asset. Therefore, their asset stopped fighting, mouth slack and gaping. Dean Winchester, the start and the end of it all. Naomi would’ve been furious.
“I need you,” Dean Winchester had said on the aircraft carrier, one eye swollen shut and a tooth regrowing in his top gums. “I need you, Cas.”
No one has ever asked Dean about as much as directions and he kind of likes it that way. He has cultivated his “I’m-not-helpful-and-very-dangerous” expression for too many years to have it go to waste now. Cas tries to mimic the face, complete with the same furrowed brow and the scowl. It only really makes him look lost, or as Dean says, constipated.
“That’s why Sam can’t watch the Exorcist,” Dean says. “I think demon possession gets a little old after Lucifer wore you to the prom.”
“You’re Dean,” Castiel says instead. He wants to put his hands in his pockets to hide the shine of his arm. “I read about you online.”
“French fries, mozzarella sticks, jalapeño poppers, uh. I didn’t make all of this, but —,” he shoves his spatula into his waist apron pocket and crosses his arms. “Most of it. Yeah.”
“Well, settle in, it’ll be a while to Lincoln. Hey,” Dean says. He grabs the bin of tapes from underneath the front seat and shoves it into Cas’ lap. Cas receives it like someone might receive a Van Gogh — handling it like it might break, utterly confused why it was given to him in the first place. “Pick one.”
Well. It’s not much of a kitchen. It’s a stolen microwave and a kettle he found in the dump. His elderly neighbour gave him an old tea towel, patterned with thin green flowers and dancing blue teapots, when he was moving his scant belongings into their building. Castiel can’t bear to clean anything with it, so it sits on his counter, untouched.
Cas nods next to him. Dean could move his leg two inches to the right and be touching Cas’ knee. He does. Cas lets him.
Dean sniffles, pinches the bridge of his nose, and nods once. He looks at him with red-rimmed eyes, running them over Cas’ white hotel gown, his metal arm flayed open to its gristly components, his hair tied back in a neat bun. “Yeah. I know, Cas. But that damn doctor is crying over what they did to you, man. How-,”
“She is twenty,” Cas says. His hands feel awkward in his pockets so he puts them both on the case instead. “She is coming with her girlfriend. She has cautioned me against embarrassing her.”
After everything’s been torn and sewn and cauterized 一 after all the fighting, and the disappearing, and Cas getting all of his trigger words dragged out of his skull one by one一 all of them retire officially.
Dean nods slowly. He’s dressed in his bulky grey “Dead Guy” robe and his burrito-patterned underpants that Jack got him for his birthday. He is intensely attractive, but that is a foregone conclusion.
“Is this going to be enough for everyone?” Dean says, wiping his hands on the dishtowel he has resting over his shoulder. “Better than nothing, right?’
“Turn here,” Cas says eventually. They’re in some bigger city, one with actual bars and restaurants and movie theatres. The street they turn onto has a bar that has an actual lineup snaking down the block in front of it. Dean scoffs as they pass by it, craning his neck to see what could possibly be worth lining up for.
Dean sputters for a second, carefully placing his goods on the table and crossing his arms tight across his chest.  “No, I’m not.”
“Would it be to save you?” Cas says. Dean shrugs, tracing Cas’ jaw now. He doesn’t look at his eyes, the eerie blue of them inhuman in the dim bunker light.
“I might have feelings for you, Cas. Uh, romantic. The romantic sort of feelings. I’m sorry,” Dean says quickly. He’s looking at his pants, at his hands squeezing the fabric past its stretching point. “I can’t keep living here and not acknowledging it. I think I’ve had them since - since before, too. You and Cassie. Uh, both of you. I - I have to know if. If you feel the same.”
, you know. About her house next to a little river that her kids would swim in when it was hot. She would always show me pictures of them on her phone,” Dean chuckles wetly. “She made it sound so good, you know. Having a family. Not having to solve a world-ending crisis.”
“If you’re truly not tired,” Cas starts. Dean is already shaking his head. How could he be tired of living like this? “If you’re sure. There’s a green space on our way back. Hopefully it won’t be too long a detour.”
He notices, as if from a block away, that he’s scared. It’s not a new feeling, nor an unusual one, but something about these cuffs, this box. He is powerless to protect himself. Maybe Dean -
“Glad you have a favorite, dude,” Dean says woodenly, and takes a step away from where Castiel is standing. They were pretty close together, Castiel realises. He wonders what people would think if they saw them, heads bowed together like that. He wishes-
“Counting on it,” Dean says, and winks, feeling brave. Cas rolls his eyes good-naturedly and returns to his book. Dean slaps the edge of the doorframe and scurries to the kitchen, where Sam is waiting. He is obviously researching something, with his entire life spread out in front of him
Blood drips into the murky water below him as Castiel works the tracking chip off the grey bone of his rib. He wrenches it off and presses hard against the incision as the chip hits the bottom of the tub with a
Sam shrugs. “He said he found a recipe online. Seemed really excited about it.” Sam had put flank steak, medium grain couscous, and organic bell peppers — which he eats raw — on the list for himself. Dean is a perpetual bitch about it, but he makes sure to get the crunchiest, most organic bell peppers he can, even if they are Satan’s vegetable.
“You pulled me from the river, right?” Dean says in the background. Castiel nods, remembering Dean’s lax face, the wet heft of him as he dragged his limp body to shore. “Why’d you do it?”
Cas points him along a little route, one that takes them past Lebanon onto highway 36. They both watch as the last hint of sunlight dips down below the horizon. Dean cranks Pink Floyd.
“I, uh. I made all the good stuff so you could try them. Try out your new taste buds. Not like you got to last time,” Dean says, itching the back of his neck with a spatula he held.
“I need you, Cas,” Dean says. And it is the truth. No one would look at the way Dean Winchester is pleading with him and disagree. “Please. Here with me.”
“We will talk later,” he promises warmly. He lets them pass into the foyer, and they all move toward the table, which has been set rather nicely by Jack. “Here, I will take your—,”
The sweats and delirium start to set in after he leaves the library. Full bodied types of sweats and shakes, like he got sick from one of the kids at the shop back in the day. In those days, Dean would bury him in blankets and complain at the stove, stirring whatever they had left into a watery soup and holding him hostage until he would try a few hesitant sips.
Cas hums along to Zeppelin, oblivious. The scenery passes in bursts, lit up by the occasion billboard or the glowing McDonald’s arches.
“You, of all people, should know that life isn’t fair,” Cas says, and grins, and Dean feels very, very fragile all of a sudden, like this is a moment that will shatter him if he lets it.
Castiel breathes it all in, already dreading the absence of it in his life. He wants to be able to explain this to someone without them knowing Dean and still knowing that they understand - a handsome man leaning on you for comfort, smelling like a desert, calling you his friend.
His old duty suit is dripping with river water and chafing at the skin in his inner thighs and ankles, so he waits under it’s dark and finds a thrift store’s dumpster. He grabs a too-big, almost-white button up and someone’s old suit pants from the top of the heap and quickly peels the leather suit off. He cringes at the white skin under the fabric of his old suit. He looks like a cave animal, one who never saw the sun, all spongy and white. He wipes his body with some “hand sanitizer” he finds in the dumpster, and does a quick scrub through his long hair and hopes he looks okay.
Cas swallows his last bit of cornbread and sucks the butter off his fingers. Sam smiles at the look of consternation on his face. Cas turns and watches him for a second, eyes squinted.
“Yeah? Well, you weren’t alive in 2004, but you still can’t stop playing with that Pad thingy,” Dean says. He makes a motion like he’s scrolling on said Pad thingy.
Dean picks that moment to do his patented two-knocks-then-open-the-door technique of checking in on people. He laughs when he sees Cas and Jack. Cas tilts his head in confusion. In the corner of his eye, he can see that Jack does the same.
“Were you,” Dean says, not quite a question. His eyebrows crawl halfway up his forehead. “Thanks for the inspo, Cas.”
Dean and San start asking questions about recovery time, but all Cas can hear is muted mumbles, like he’s underwater. Dean grabs his arm as he does his breathing exercises. Sam hovers over his shoulder, wringing his hands as he looks at where the doctor points to all the weak points of Cas’ skeletal system.
This first dinner starts a series of events not unlike the Big Bang in proportion. Or, more accurately, like the first things to spring up through the ash and decay from where the asteroid settled 66 million years ago. From where there was no hope now sprung growing life and all parties had no idea what to do with it lest they accidentally step on it again.
“Dean, I,” There are tears in Cas’ eyes. Oh, Jesus. Well, they match the tears in Dean’s. At least they are both two idiots crying in a Costco.
“Me too,” Castiel throws out there, trying to act like he knows and he’s in on the secret. Dean looks almost hurt for a second before resolving his features into neutrality. Another minefield Castiel has stepped through, another bomb set off without realizing. More carnage to clean.
“I know you’re there,” Sam said, turning towards the back door, which opened to admit a very young man with blue eyes, but a blushing smile on his lips.  They all turned to stare and the young man raised a hand and gave a very stilted wave.
“Sully’s your friend, but Benny would easily be able to sneak out.  But sure, I’ll have Benny drag him along.  When and where?”
“I prefer to be called Sam,” he said softly, side-eying Dean. “And no, neither of us are here to kill you or attend your deaths.”  Once both of the humans had appeared to begin breathing again, he sighed.  “In fact, it’s the opposite.  We have been sent to keep you both alive at all costs.”
“Not I,” Sam sighed.  “If it was just you and I, I would propose, but with my sibling and yours in the equation, it makes more logical sense that Dean does NOT bond with Gabriel as they are too much alike in personality, and while you and I would be feasible as a couple, we share an attribute that makes us incompatible for mating.”  Now Sam blushed slightly as Gabe whistled.
“Yes, Dear dad, yes.  Tessa said that Billie is trying to get the rules changed so that once a soul is outside a body a certain length of time, there is no resurrection unless it’s directed by Heaven.”  Sam shrugged his shoulders, letting his wings flutter between planes for a moment, before resettling them.
If Dean caught the sound, he didn’t remark on it, instead launching into a lengthy tale about the last night out he’d had before this assignment.  There was a neutral zone bar run by supernatural creatures, where angels and demons could go and no violence was allowed.  It was aptly named ‘Halos and Horns’, and not a place Sam had set foot in more than once.  Dean, however, headed there after every skirmish.  He even had sort of friends among the demons.  When Dean mentioned ‘Meg’, Sam immediately tuned out. Anything involving that demon would end up making him embarrassed and uncomfortable, but Dean had started the story, and nothing would get him to stop, so best to let him get it out and be done with it.
Their family was extremely religious, having been under Naomi’s domineering hand for as long as they remembered.  The father of the biological children had been even more afraid of their father, Zachariah, but upon his death a decade ago, Naomi had decided to remarry with a man who she could control, rather than one who controlled her.  She had, however, not accounted for Chuck’s eccentric nature.  He was an author of a series of books about an angel and an archangel that went around the world stopping the forces of evil and saving humans, but he had been startled to learn that he believed in what he wrote about.  Not just angels and demons, but ghosts, vampires, werewolves, and a plethora of other things.
“There is coming a great war,” Sam said softly.  He laid a gentle hand on Cas’s knee briefly, to make sure he had his attention.  You, Castiel, and to a lesser extent, your brother, Gabriel, will play an integral part in either stopping it or fueling it.”
“Toppy little shit,” Dean muttered.  Now, Cas blushed and tilted his head.  “Cas, only if you want it. I would never force you to do anything you don’t want to do.”  Cas gaped a bit, then relaxed into a smile, stepping over to lay a hand on Dean’s muscular shoulder.
The older brothers drifted in and out of the kitchen, bringing out pastries for the display.  They edited the chalkboard specials and unlocked the door, just as the streetlights flickered off as the sun crested the horizon.  When the first customer came in, the bell over the door tinkled, making Cas’ forehead wrinkle.  Earlier, he’d looked around, expecting to see someone coming in, but now, it was like he was no longer interested in whoever was coming in or out.  With a brief shake of his head and a shrug, he began packing away his laptop and research materials.
“She’s the head reaper,” Dean said.  “She has this idealism that makes her think God is wrong for allowing us to keep you alive at all costs.  Not that she thinks God is ‘wrong’ but that she thinks something bad is going to come of it.” There was another dip into silence, before Cas spoke again.
“Actually, no, it isn’t,” Sam replied with a smile.  “Bringing you back to life so many times-,” he started before Gabe interrupted.
“My name in your lore is Daniel, the Watcher Angel, but I prefer to be called Dean.” Both humans exchanged a glance of confusion and a bit of shock.  “My brother is Samuel, the Angel of Death.”  Sam saw them both freeze and he immediately tried to smile and shove Dean to the side.
“So glad you asked,” Dean said, smile widening until he was grinning from ear to ear.  Sam smiled slightly, but shook his head at the enthusiasm his brother angel was showing for something he thought of as kind of idiotic.
“What next?” Cas asked once the area had returned to peaceful.  Gabe smirked, running a bold hand over Sam’s exposed stomach muscles.
“What the hell, Cas?!” Gabe yelled now. He started towards Cas but Dean put an arm around the younger brother and held up his arm to stop the older.  So Gabe turned his rage on Sam.  “Explain. Now!”
“Not sure I’m ready for any more reveals,” Cas said softly, making Dean double over in laughter, with small glares from both Gabe and Sam.
He was unaware of the rather tall and broad angel who was perched like a bird on the edge of the far counter, out of the way of the flow of traffic.  Not that humans could see him or feel him if he didn’t allow it, but it irritated his senses to constantly feel the souls drifting through his space. Sam sat patiently, his elbow on his knee, chin on his propped-up hand, and watched his charge reading so intently.  He kept a grace tendril directed at the kitchen to watch for any mishaps or dangers around his charge’s brother.  He listened in to Michael and Gabriel’s friendly banter and chuckled when something caught him as amusing.
“Still not sure I’m buying this,” the blond human said, pulling the lollipop from his mouth and gesturing with it towards Sam.  “I get that Cassie has the survival instincts of a blind and deaf lemming, and don’t get me wrong, I’m so totally beyond grateful you’re here to keep him alive, and for whatever reason, me, but riddle me this…”  He paused for a breath, leaning back on his elbow on the end of the couch where Dean was now seated on the other end.  Both the angels had dematerialized their wings, but Sam had remained standing calmly where he had initially appeared, his features composed.
“Sam,” Dean grunted, “I don’t think checking for solidity is the issue here.” The green-eyed angel had refused to move so Sam’s hand was extended around him.  There was a light tension in the area, with Dean’s glare moving between Sam’s hand and to where Gabe hesitantly reached his own towards it, that wasn’t eased with Dean’s growl.  Gabe definitely moved slowly, trying to appear smug in the face of the protector angel’s ferocity.  With a deep inhale, his hand crossed the final space and determinedly grabbed Sam’s hand.  Dean growled again, to which Sam immediately sighed and used his free hand to push the other angel to the side so he could fully face the human.
“Riiiight,” Dean grumped.  “Please, human, explain what you think you get?” Gabe laughed out loud as he spun in a circle.
“Would you believe it’s because he’s a great friend too?”  This made Dean snort in return as he turned and perched very close to Cas.  The human took a deep breath, then turned to face the green-eyed angel.  “So, again, why me?”
“But you’re Him…God…,” Cas stammered, Gabe following with loud swallows as he tried to rein in his inappropriate tongue.
“A freaking archangel,” Dean intoned, stepping forward as he appeared, putting himself a half step in front of but a bit to the side of where Sam still stood.  Gabe jumped back again as Castiel squeaked, causing all of them to glance at him in surprise.  The dark-haired man blushed under their scrutiny and ducked his head, but kept his eyes on the shorter, more muscular angel in front.  Dean spread his own iridescent green wings, shot through with various shades of dark brown, almost black, that matched his vibrant green eyes and brandished the shining silver sword as though daring either human to threaten the taller angel behind him.
“So, you’re saying ‘they’ll get stuck that way’?” Sam teased back at him with a smile.  He felt his brother’s laughter and wondered not for the first time how his warrior brother had blossomed among the humans, having fallen in love with their music and movies, while Sam had preferred the natural world and ingesting knowledge as fast as the humans could get it into print.  It was one thing he and his charge shared.  Dean and Gabe had a lot of the same likes as well and wasn’t that suddenly a revelation.  Some 20 years after starting the assignment and he finally saw why they had been paired up as they had.  “Huh.” He said more to himself.
“Cas!” Yelled the older brother, jogging over as soon as he’d seen the younger one go over under the street lamp.  “Still tripping on your own feet?”  The twinkle in his golden hazel eyes dimmed as suddenly, bright headlights of a car passed directly in front of where Cas had fallen.  The older leaned down to yank at his brother’s arm to pull him further back, seeing the wash of air from the passing vehicle blowing the young man’s hair back, it had been so close.
“I chose my physical appearance to be pleasing as to not further frighten the souls I collect,” Sam smiled softly.  When Gabe looked him up and down, Sam nodded, reading his thoughts easily in his face. “The size of the vessel was a side effect of being an archangel.  The other archangels are also of relative size.”
Chuck had been the one to insist they adopt other children who needed loving homes.  Naomi had insisted they all attend private fundamentalist Christian schools, but had left any nurturing, etc, to Chuck.  By the time she realized that Chuck had loosened her tight grip over most of the blended family, it was too late.  She had been taken out by a random accident at the dentist where a technician had a seizure and accidentally drove the drill through the patient’s eye.  Chuck had refused to sue as both he and Naomi had been extremely well off, but he’d moved the family to a new city just the same.
“Yeah, but Just call me Jack.”  He relaxed a bit and came over to hug Sam and Dean in turn, then took one hand each of the humans.  “So very special and such a once in a million years occurrence.”
He used to think Jimmy’s heart was too big for his chest, constricting his airways at inopportune times for seemingly no reason back when Jimmy was just a thin sheath over his grace. He has since learned that’s just what it feels like to see Dean Winchester smiling back at you.
Cas hums quietly along to the whole song next to him, lit by the streetlamps like they love him. Dean knows the feeling.
Cas smiles. Dean can hear it more than he can see it as the light leaves their side of the Earth completely. So when he hears a deep inhale and a heavy weight on his shoulder, he gently leans his head against it. Cas swallows and swallows and swallows next to him.
“Yeah, well. We could maybe go there one day. It would be fun. They gotta have some Dolly, right? 9-5?”
Dean helped him off the table, knocking his helmet askew as he smiled in pure, naked relief. “Got a little plastic surgery.” His smile was big and triumphant and as foreign to Castiel as the place he was trapped in, grunting and bursting with smoke.
The configuration of their lives is like this — Dean sits in the front seat, and in the ten seconds it takes for Cas to open the door to the passenger side, he thinks about giving him the keys and asking him to drive.
It’s an incredibly warm occasion. Even if Dean weren’t next to him, resting his arm across the back of his seat when he’s listening to Jody’s story about Miami or brushing past him when he’s grabbing a jalapeño popper, he’d feel close to bursting with the almost-biblical joy he feels.
“Uh,” Cas says. He grabs the list out of his pocket again. The only thing Dean has written in his neat handwriting is SHORT RIB 2.5LB. “That’s it, I believe.”
Dean gently closes the door behind him and sits in the opposite armchair from Cas, looking troubled. Cas prepares himself for a talk. Their mornings have been a little stilted lately. Cas watches Dean and then Dean turns to watch Cas and then they both turn away. There’s always been a tension between them, but it’s reached a fever point.
“It’s your favorite. I know,” Castiel finishes, picking up the knife in question. “John gave it to you when you were a child. I remember.”
Dean thinks a couple hours later. His phone has been ringing nonstop, but he cannot pick it up and answer it. That would be admitting something.
Sam bites through another mozzarella stick, thinking hard about something while Dean and Cas do their thing in the background. He is close to coming to a conclusion when Dean breaks him out of his reverie with a snap in his face.
, Castiel thinks. He says this thought out loud to Dean, who is sitting in the hospital chair next to the gurney he’s been strapped to. He is hoping it would make Dean smile. Sam is lingering near the front door, obviously caught between comforting the doctor and comforting Cas.
“Don’t you worry about that. Now, let’s discuss your home, shall we? Not Ohio, and definitely not Kansas. Your real home, Cas.”
