The last time Steve stepped on Wakanda the weather was in the middle of raining seasons, all the rouge team was trying to call this place their new home. But it never was, Clint and Scott finally take the deal with the government. Wanda and Vision trying to steal some time together meeting in secret, part of Steve hoping he and Tony could have at least half of what Wanda and Vision had. His train of thought were interrupted when the Quinjet finally landed and Sam opened the door showing T'Challa and the Dora Milaje waiting for them.
“she’s the new avengers member?” Natasha, the only one who looked like able to managed her composure the whole time asked
“why she called you Steve?” Helen sits next to her, letting the toddler playing with the stethoscope on her neck “did she knows you the other-“ Helen stop at the hand signal Steve give her
“I’m not saying it’s water under the bridge, but It took me months of therapy to understand that it wasn’t you. It was HYDRA. You were brainwashed. I’m sorry for your arm too, but I see it got upgraded.”
“Naah it’s ok. I missed you too, I’ve been wearing your hoodie since last night” Tony turned the camera to show the said hoodie hanging on the hanger near his suitcase
You should have ducked out when I told you to. I tried to bench you. You refused.  And now, we're in a flying doughnut billions of miles away from Earth with no backup and one stowaway” Tony pointed at Peter “this
side of the bed. Leaving him no space to sleep. And Tony is not helping either by how he sleeps spread eagle and hogging most of the space in bed.
“We got another shot to fixing this. But I gotta tell you my priorities: Bring back what we lost? I hope so, yes. Keep what we got? we have to, at all costs. And... maybe not die trying will be nice for once”
“sounds like a deal” Steve reached out his hand which tony replies with a handshake. Both tried their best to hold the leftover tingling sensation inside them before Tony broke it of and walked to the trunk pulling something out. Steve looking at the round object with hesitation written clearly on his eyes
“I don’t know man, no one said anything. I somehow see the resemblance but I don’t know” Sam just shrugged and looking at the sky “guys, we have situation here”
“Sorry babe, you just turned into the side chick since day I met Dodger” Tony laughed and wrapping Dodger in his arm before going back to sleep.
Smiled amusedly at his boyfriend antic, Tony glanced at the dog who are walking toward him and sniffing his shoes, tails wagging hard. Tony kneeled in front of the dog to and carefully pet the head, and to both Tony and Steve surprised, the dog snuggled closer to Tony’s lap and rolled his belly asking for rub.
“Tony, what is going on here” Steve looking at the mess in the kitchen, frosting and sprinkles scattered on the table, floor and some of the pans hanging on the wall “how did you got sprinkles on your hair” he pinched his fingers on Tony’s hair picking up the sprinkles
“wow, sugarplum you hurt me” Tony bite a piece of chicken “he’s an Ear-nose-throat meets rabbit from a hat. He shouted ‘flourish’ for every hand gesture or two”
“genius here just got hit in the head with the Hulk. You said that we had one shot. That was our shot. We shot it. It's shot. Six stones or nothing. Six stones or nothing–“
Secretary Ross, the last face Steve Rogers want to see at the moment, or any kind of moment to be exact, telling Rhodey to arrest them. Fist itching to punch the hologram, Steve reach for a hug to the man in front of him when Rhodey wiped the hologram away.
Tony notices a black Audi pulling coming to a stop a few meters away from where he standing. Steve, Nat, and Scott get out of the car. Tony sighs. He is not looking forward to the discussion about to take place.
“few months” she took a chair next to the bed “if it wasn’t because of the extremis injected to you, you probably already kicked the bucket now.”
“You're only giving me a mild cardiac dysrhythmia. It’s nothing” Tony can hear Steve on the earpiece shrieking “a mild WHAT??”
“Oh my god” Tony moaned at the food in front of him “moving in with you is the bestest decision I ever made. This is so good” Tony scooped another spoonful of rice pilaf on his plate
“you could be happier. I can help to explained it to Morgan. She’s a big girl, she can handle adult stuff” Tony need to admit, this is harder than he expected. “I’m tired. Hating you is exhausting. I don’t want to do that again.”
“oh my god Mr. Stark I don’t need to hear that. Morgan, let’s go” Peter rushed in panic and dragging Morgan with him. Leaving Tony and Steve chuckled when Morgan demand Peter to explain what’s the meaning of
“I remember when I was an intern, she overheard Justin Hammer called me a nurse because I’m the only girl in the surgical program. She made him doing scut work on ER for a week with no help from other nurses.”
This time, Steve snorts, “Most definitely,” and then the bartender is putting the drinks in front of him. Tony slides his credit card over and tells the guy to start a tab. He helps carry the drinks over to the table.
She smiles wanly, “Yes. Here we are, you and I. In the backseat of a car your purchased but don’t drive.”
“I hope this shit is worth it,” she says upon sliding into the passenger seat. She’s in a pair of those high waisted jeans shorts that are all the rage now and some Timberlands that aren’t conducive to the heat but she doesn’t look like a try hard. Instead she looks like a movie star or something as she juts her chin out for Bucky to light her cigarette.
The place is low lit, the bar and the stage are the main sources of light, along with the small hanging lamps over every third booth. Clint directs Kate over to one to sit her down so he can go to the bar and order a round for them, and Bucky is already heading towards the door marked “Employees Only” hidden in the shadows next to one of the more secluded tables. Steve stands towards the mouth of the dance floor, where absolutely no one is dancing because they’re all too
Tony raises a brow, “To stupid to understand what, exactly, Steve?” he challenges, and makes up the space Steve has put between them by stepping forward. Someone, he assumes Clint, sucks their teeth in exasperation, and then a door slams, signaling that they’ve left. Tony doesn’t look away from the other man though, tilts his chin up defiantly as they stare each other down. The tension in the room is thick, palpable, and something about it has Tony’s dick twitching in interest.
And that’s the ride back to the house. Everyone groans, except for Clint who slurs and claps drunkenly, “Nice,” he says, “r-round two.”
“Fuck, fuck,” Tony cries out, “Oh my goodness sweetheart you know just what I like, you’re so good to me, I fucking missed you, missed this,” he babbles. Steve twists his wrist, runs his thumb over Tony’s slit and presses in just a little because he really does know what his man likes, prompting a shocked moan to spring from Tony’s lips. He’s letting out soft little “
The four of them ride in Bucky’s truck. It’s this shitty gray pickup truck his stepdad bought him when he was 16 and spent the entire summer of ‘86 fixing it because it was a piece of shit even then. It was a really good bonding experience for them, or at least Steve assumes because after that summer Bucky stopped fantasizing about his mother taking all of Richard’s money and leaving him all the time. The truck has more sentimental value than monetary, as it’s been through thick and thin with them and Bucky refuses to buy a new car even though he could probably afford to now. Instead, he uses most of his skills and freetime keeping the damn thing barely breathing. Steve absolutely loves it and he tells Kate Bishop as much when she crawls into the squashed back seat. She gives him a surprised, but definitely happy smile and goes, “Really?” when Steve tells her that Buck taught him how to drive in this damn thing, which makes the both of them grin at each other in the front seat.
Steve nearly goes fucking cross-eyed at the words, “Yes, yes, I am,” he insists, “I need it so much Daddy, it’s so good.”
off campus to see you boo that goes to another school. I’m simply stating that I think it’s cute. It fills my stomach with sympathetic butterflies,” she sighed wistfully. Tony peeked up at her and found her staring off exaggeratedly, like she was reminiscing.
And the thing is, Tony’s been hoping for this for quite some time. He and Steve have a very particular relationship, one based off of mutual stress inducing pigtail pulling that consists of nearly dying and giving in to their more self-destructive tendencies. Every time Tony is forced to watch Steve jump from planes with not parachute, or race to catch him as he dives from buildings with no trouble, his heart drops into his stomach and he simultaneously wants to wring the guy’s neck, tuck him in for a nap, and kiss him stupid. It’s frustrating and he can’t imagine Steve feels much differently when he’s angrily visiting Tony in the infirmary for the third time in a month or prying his unconscious body from the dented remains of a suit.
Steve hadn’t known it, but apparently Tony could tell after the first time they ever fucked. He could see in Steve the need to please, the need to be of some sort of service, and had known that it would translate perfectly in sexual desires, even when Steve hadn’t had a clue himself. They’d been in the thick of things, Tony’s perfect length spreading Steve open, when Tony whispered in Steve’s ear, “You’re being such a good boy,” and Steve had shuddered and come all over himself nearly instantly. Because, even though similar sentiments had been given in the throes of passion, no one had ever delivered them quite like this. Tony’s voice didn’t waiver, he looked Steve right in the eye, he sounded like he wanted to break Steve in half and give him a kiss after.
He snarls, “Yeah, there. I said it. I bet that fucking hurt right? To be treated like the one thing you never want to call yourself.”
The club itself doesn’t look like much. It has a nice brick facade with an awning beneath the sign which further proves its uppity hipster purposes and is likely a sign of impending gentrification. Steve has Opinions about gentrification.
“You can’t just pick up teenaged girls, Clint,” Sam sighs, walking into the house and slamming the front door behind him. Technically, this is only his place. His grandma left it to him when she moved to Boca a few years ago and instead of getting smart and moving some of his more responsible boot camp friends into the spare rooms upstairs, he decided to start a home for wayward punks he met in elementary school. Steve usually feels bad for Sam; he’s surrounded by as many idiots as Steve and doesn’t even have the option to threaten to move out every time he’s angry. He sits on top of the breakfast bar and eats his oatmeal quietly.
Tony’s thrust become misplaced, erratic, and then his big, calloused hand is wrapped around Steve’s prick. The sensation is so sudden and so fucking amazing that Steve goes stiff, his entire body tensing, muscles coiling, and his asshole must clench up too because Tony positively yells at that, lifting himself off Steve to pull his long legs up and over his shoulders. He’s even deeper then, his cock sinking in heavily to the twitching, hot flesh of Steve’s opening. Tony shudders, “Come for me baby. Be a—be a good fucking boy and come for me. Wanna see my baby come,” he bites out.
Tony has barely made it to his room before there’s a hand on his arm, gripping harshly to turn him around. He gasps at the grip, tries to snatch his arm away, but finds that whoever is holding him is way too strong for that.
“What even happened?” Kate Bishop asks curiously once they’ve safely rounded the corner. She must not be as drunk as the rest of them because when Kate gets even slightly tipsy, she’s just as rowdy as Clint himself. The fact that she’s Steve’s size means that she reaches this point about 3 drinks in.
. Steve drops his bag right at the entrance of the lab, throws off his jacket, and strides over to stand behind Tony.
“That’s what I like to hear. Lie back for me,” Tony smiles, gently pushing Steve back on the bed. Steve goes easily, throwing his arms above his head as the other man balances himself on his forearms, hovering over Steve’s body. They make out lazily, Tony’s hands moving across Steve’s skin proprietarily, pinching and squeezing and caressing as he sees fit. Steve writhes underneath him, thrusting his hips in a desperate search for friction and getting none.
. Plus, they get loud during sex. They’re allowed to be loud! Steve can enjoy this, he’s allowed to enjoy sex with Tony and not for Tony’s sake but just for the sake of holy shit that feels amazing please more! It’s wonderful.
, but Steve likes it, loves giving it up to Tony. He comes with a plaintive wail of his boyfriend’s name, high on endorphins and affection.
“You don’t know shit,” he spits, voice wrecked. Rogers just chuckles and squeezes their members tighter, playing in the precome they’re both leaking.
“Thanks,” Tony husks, and he presses the button to bring them up to the 67th floor without looking away. Holding eye contact like this is heady and makes Steve’s brain swim like he’s high or something. Tony looks to be in the same boat.
This takes Steve by surprise because a) he hadn’t realized he’d turned into the neighborhood punk, and it kind of stings that everyone knew this but him, and b) he didn’t think this would be where the conversation went.
“First of all, this is your pity party, not mine,--” Sam begins, just as the front door is thrown open. It shakes on its hinges, the knob makes a small dent in the wall behind it, and Clint emerges from the shadows and tumbles into the house. Sam lets out and indignant scream and Steve jumps about ten feet in the air.
When they reach the penthouse, Tony is done pretending. He doesn’t speak, but Steve can sense the change in him, and tony just points at the bedroom door commandingly. It makes Steve want to whimper, go down to his knees and beg to be used however Tony sees fit, but Steve figures they’ll get to that soon enough, so he follows his instructions. Tony doesn’t follow after him immediately, but that’s nothing new. Steve just makes his way to the closet and begins undressing. His section full of tailored suits is a lot less extensive and a lot more boring than Tony’s, so different that it’s almost comical. Whenever Steve looks over their things after a gala or dinner or banquet, he never feels like more of the sugar baby everyone assumes he is. On his side of the closet there are a few tuxedos, some suits in dark blues, blacks, and grays, three Rolexes, and multiple huge, chunky rings that are only ever worn by someone as unapologetically extra as Tony. The casual wear is no less opulent, all Fendi, Dolce & Gabbana, and fucking Balenciaga, and mostly chosen by Tony and Pepper. When he had moved in with Tony his wardrobe had consisted of mostly Brown hoodies, worn out blue jeans, and checkered button downs. Now Steve has a taste for Valentino. Almost nothing he owns wasn’t purchased by Tony, and they both like it that way; Tony likes seeing Steve dressed up in things he purchased, and Steve likes wearing things Tony has picked out for him. He feels owned, but in the sweetest possible way.
“I don’t know. Last time I was in Vormir, but the second I open my eyes, I was here. No one has the answer but we think you brought me back”
Steve let out a tired sighed when he’s back to his chair being occupied with Dodger sniffing at his plate “Dodge, no!” he tried to shooed the dog and taking away his plate from the dog “bad dog, I turned away for two second and you’re trying to steal my man
“Warmer than jail.” Tony glanced on Steve from his peripheral vision looking for any reaction from the blonde before left with Natasha to the room
Steve woke up with a headache, and a blinding sunlight on his face. Groaning he tried to grab the other pillow to cover his face he touched something firm.
Steve jumped down from the building holding the sceptre and his shield looking around their meeting point looking for everyone when he spotted Tony and Scott sitting inside the broken car
The man went back to the bed to grab his jacket and stethoscope before open the door again and following the intern,
“first time I woke up in the future all I can think about is what if… what if there’s a way I could come back. What would happened if I didn’t get on the plane? What –“
“I’m not” Tony says quietly “I swear. I just… it felt peaceful, it’s like a pause. I… I needed that, lately”
“hey hey, Tony, look at me” Steve hold Tony face in both of his hand guiding him to his face “you did nothing wrong, ok. Nothing is wrong with you. It’s not your fault”
Tony squinting his eyes tried to focus on the blurred dots on the screen “nope, that’s mine, well used to be, I guess. See that tall blonde hunk? That’s Steve”
Tony is sitting at close to the table, attached to IV bag. Looking at a holographic report showing the familiar names and faces of those reported lost. He averts his eyes when the face of Peter Parker showed up, biting his own lips hard enough to numb the pain on his gut.
“smart kid” he noted when he finally let her go “I see a lot of you in her. And some of Steve too” he snickers when the little girl pouted
Steve standing in front of their old shared bedroom. Boxes in corner gathering dust and furniture covered in sheets. He took the covers down and open the drawer, his heart sank when he saw his old dog tag inside the drawer. Pocketing the dog tag, he moves forward to the box in the corner, finding his old sketchbook. Flipping the pages to find his drawings of tony in his workshop, the team playing games, and DUM-E on Santa’s hat. Feels like ages ago, He turned when he hears sounds behind him, the same little girl with brown hair and blue eyes looking back at him.
told me not to fucked this up, everyone think I will ruined this like I would fucked up everything I ever had, I mean obviously, look at me and Pepper, Ultron. Everyone give me the shovel talk, tell me ‘don’t hurt him, poor guy had been through enough.’ Well look at him now, Captain Perfect is war criminal, a fugitive hiding in I don’t know which country of the week, and everyone still kiss the ground he stepped on. You know what, maybe Pepper was right, maybe
“Space. Reality. Power. Soul. Mind. And Time.” Each stone glows when Stephen Strange said the stone’s name
Tony sighed and open the drawer, picking up a piece of paper. He smile at the picture and let it stand on the desk
guys been living in my head for six freaking years since he sent an army to New York and now he's back and I don't know what to do. I have people I need to protect on earth, so I say we take the fight to him. I need to fight him far away as possible from earth. So when all of this over I can go back to earth and yelled at some people screaming
“are you going to keep staring like that?” his throat rasped, hurts from the dryness “can you give me the water?”
“yeah… she’s bossy like that. Wonder where did she get it from. Will you keep that a little quiet?” Tony pointed at the shield “I didn't bring one for the whole team”
“Seems like I'm always thanking you for something” Steve moved forward and shakes the king’s hand, Steve opened his mouth only to stopped when the king told Bruce not to bow and Rhodey giving the man his shit eating grin
. So good at taking my cock, you just lie there and let me have my way with you huh? Such a sweetheart, so good to me,” Tony babbles. His voice is low and scraping, worn out because they’ve been going at it for so long. Steve can hardly breathe, his chest heaves as he looks down at his own cock, hard and pink and absolutely drooling precome, so much that he’s left a pool in his bellybutton. He isn’t allowed to touch, Tony said he’d come from his cock or not at all, but god does he want to. He’d take the punishment too, gladly, he would take the spanking or kneel in the corner for hours if he could just come.
“I’m not worried,” he retorted petulantly. And then he finished packing and they grabbed some drive thru before he dropped Pepper at her building and he started driving towards Providence.
Don’t get him wrong, sometimes he and Tony do just sit around the penthouse and fuck and blow dank and fuck some more, but even then it’s special as shit, and not just because Tony can afford that
been fuckin’?” he wonders incredulously. Who the fuck denies breakfast in bed. In a California king bed, at that.
Sam groans, “Oh god,” he mumbles dazedly. He’s right. This story is a mess and Bucky launches into it merrily, much to the disappointment of everyone but Kate and Clint.
and occasionally Clint’s adopted teenage girl, and walk up the creaky old stairs to sit in Steve’s bedroom and admire his wall art. The first time it happened Tony offered to buy him these amazingly expensive ink pens Steve’s been saving up for and after a nice dressing down from the blonde, Tony shut up real quick and just wandered around the space with this horrible awestruck look on his face. Like he was surprised but not, like it was obvious that all of the art in the room (vintage inspired nudes, abstract water colors, contour line drawings, smoky charcoal pieces) was amazing but mostly because it came from Steve’s mind. Or at least, that’s what he said and then Steve could match the look to the words and almost believe it when he was in one of those “I’ll never amount to anything” funks. And when they’re not doing that, Tony takes him on picnics in Prospect Park and shit, like they’re 16, except they ride there in new ugly Ferraris and listen to Soul Coughing really loud.
Steve sucks in a deep breath, his mind scrambling for the purchase of English language, “Oh god, oh god,” he pants. Tony leans down over him, pressing their chests together and bracing his forearms on either side of Steve’s head and winding his fingers through the short blonde hair. He pants against Steve’s neck, dampening the skin with his quick breaths. He starts a rhythm where he barely pulls out at all, just grinds his hips in this tooth numbing, dirty move that has his cock pressed up against Steve’s prostate at all time. Steve is impossibly sensitive from all that stimulation and now his own prick catches gently against the ridges of Tony’s sweaty abs. He takes another gulping breath, trying to focus on not floating away, drunk on the endless pleasure of being Tony’s. It’s just been such a long night; he sucked Tony off for at least 25 minutes, the other man petting his hair and telling him “Oh you sweet boy, my sweet baby, you’re so gorgeous with your mouth all stuffed full; Tony had sucked Steve’s dick while fingering him opening, stroking over his prostate like he was trying to coax noises out of him, only pausing the maddening suction on Steve’s angry, wet length to look up at him through long lashes and say “You taste so sweet baby boy, I could suck on your pretty pink cock for hours.”
So Steve stands on wobbly legs and sets the tray over on his bedside table. He wanders back over to Tony, his mind cloudy and ears filled with cotton as he drifts deeper and deeper into subspace. Tony pats the bed next the him and Steve climbs up, nuzzles his face into Tony’s neck, “I miss you daddy,” he breathes, “Been thinkin’ bout your cock all night,” he admits. Tony chuckles at him, ruffles his hair once more.
, anything it takes to get away from Tony while he works this shit out. He figures it’s probably a really immature, dick move, something Bucky would do and probably has done, but he can’t stop himself. He’s freaking the fuck out, like he’s genuinely confused and sort of shook about every decision he’s made that’s led him up to these few weeks. He doesn’t know how he ended up fucking some rich guy from the Upper East Side who owns half the clubs in Brooklyn, let alone liking the man, and now he’s scared of being without him. How? How the fuck did this happen.
“Be-because! You didn’t say so, you didn’t s-s-say so, only you get to tell me Tony, you!” Steve shouts, his voice gone shrill with need, but he can’t even pretend to be embarrassed. He means everything he says, and he can feel his orgasm building, like a perfect swelling tension that started at the soles of his feet and is now about the burst blissfully in his groin. There’s a shimmering heat devouring him, down here in the place Tony sends him and it’s okay for him to let go, it’s kay for him to need and cry and beg because Tony will make sure he gets exactly what he needs. Tony will wring him out and leave his mind so peacefully blank, Tony will take care of him, Tony is going to make everything okay, he’s going to make Steve come and then he’s going to wipe all of Steve’s tears, he’s going to make it
Tony wants to talk about it. After the excitement has died down and he and Steve are moved into their new apartment in West End, he wants to sit down and discuss their…future, if there is one. The only thing is, and Tony has no problem admitting this, he’s scared of what Steve will say. On one hand, he and his boyfriend could be on the same page. Tony could propose. They’d be engaged, fresh out of college and ready to take on the world and get married. But then that begs the question: are they ready? Will it work? Stark men aren’t notorious for their ability to commit to anything; they’re fickle, they get bored, they like to drink. Tony doesn’t want to think that he’s Howard in the making but perhaps life just has to catch up to him, and Tony doesn’t want Steve to end up trapped and silently seething like his mother.
They all spend the day together. It’s bright and sunny out so the boys ditch their formal attire for shorts and t-shirts and they go to the park. Bucky and Steve are terrorized by the Barnes sisters for a large portion of the day, but the girls love Tony. They think he’s so cool. It’s incredibly flattering.
Tony knows that he has, objectively, been acting very strange. In the past few weeks he’s spent an inordinate amount of time staring pathetically at Steve as he goes about normal every day tasks, zoning out in the middle of conversations to fantasize about their hypothetical honeymoon, and internally weeping at the other man’s beauty. It’s becoming a problem. He used to be guilty of spending too much time at the lab at MIT but now all he wants to do is be near Steve, so he’s blown off work more in the last month than he had in the last year. It’s probably extremely noticeable. He’s being very needy. At one point it could’ve been chalked up to excitement over cohabitation, but the situation has now reached a point where he’s offered to buy Steve a car 6 times and have his private chef fly to Sarah Rogers’s house to make her soup when she catches a cold. Steve probably thinks he’s about to have some kind of insecurity induced breakdown. Tony will admit that he’s not far off the mark.
Now, he’s not nearly as easy to fluster and he knows exactly what people think when they see him. When he’s out with Tony he knows what they’re thinking, how they’re judging the two of them, how they lust after one or both of them blatantly. It’s corny and ridiculous and Steve has grown to hate being seen as Tony’s young artistic patron, so now he’s just the boring boyfriend that waits for the night to be over. He simply sips at his whisky and watches Tony from across the room, waiting for the moment they can finally be alone together.
Tony advises, “Don’t think about it too hard,” and grabs Steve’s hand to lead him up the stairs. His hand is huge around Steve’s wrist like most men’s hands tend to be, but he doesn’t grind the bird bones together, and while Tony’ practically dragging him around he’s doing it excitedly, and not like he’s trying to get Steve somewhere he can’t be seen very quickly. He doesn’t know how exactly he can tell there’s a difference, but he can and that’s enough to make him smile as he stumbles after the man through his house.
“You loser,” he laughs wetly, kissing the corner of Steve’s mouth, “It’s okay to be scared of something you don’t understand. But it’s not- you don’t run, Steve. You’re not a runner.”
“I’m close already,” she mutters. Steve takes that as his cue to stop trying and let her have her way. He licks a small circle around her clit before sucking it into her mouth. Toni grunts and thrusts her hips forward only to keep them where they are. She keeps her movements small and tight, grinding in a hard figure 8. Her right leg shakes harder, like she’s having a muscle spasm. “I’m so motherfucking
Tony smiles again. They take the food upstairs and Tony stands by the bed as he watches Steve get comfortable again before settling the tray over his lap. When he’s sure that Steve looks satisfied and pleased as a peach he sits on top of the blankets, that have been pushed to the foot of the bed mostly, and he crosses his legs like a little kid. His face is creased with ill concealed excitement, like looking at Steve with sleep in his eyes is enough to make his day. Usually, if he spends the night at Rumlow’s, Brock is gone in the morning for work and Rollins hadn’t even come home.
Back in the bedroom, Steve is lying perfectly still on the bed, looking dreamy and breathing deeply. The silver chain resting between Steve’s pecs looks absolutely lovely against his skin and if Tony were more creative he’d be inclined to draw this image. It’s mind-blowingly erotic. Tony sits down on the bed and takes Steve’s huge hands in his, attaching the cuffs to his wrists in front of his body.
. His cock throbs in the confines of his pants, hardening even though next to nothing has happened. Eve’s voice just has a timbre to it that makes him want more, the way she moves is electric and intimidating, Tony can’t help himself when he holds onto her just a little tighter.
“I’ll miss you more. I won’t be the one studying the art and philosophy of cigarette smoking in France. I’ll be doing the same old shit, except without you.”
for each other but it might not be enough. Tony is aware of his own character flaws in the form of hedonistic recklessness, a tendency towards selfishness, a snapping way of speaking. Steve might not trust that Tony can buckle down. He’s seen Tony through some difficult times, sure; but Tony couldn’t blame him if he didn’t want to be seeing Tony through things for the rest of his life. That would be perfectly understandable.
“Excuse me, folks,” he said, trying to sound commanding, “But unless you have a press badge, I can’t allow you to take pictures in here.”
“I know how badly you’ve wanted me. I can see it Stark, you’re so easy for it. So needy,” he teases. Tony squeezes his eyes shut, orgasm building low in his belly, a coiling hot weight, fighting not to lose himself in the dark tones of Steve’s voice, heart racing, and oxygen depleted brain reeling.
Tony buys a ring the next day while Steve is as work. He doesn’t know Steve’s ring size but he does his best guessing, and he tells the jeweler on 5
There’s a lot of begging and pleading on Steve’s part, and pinning and soothing and fucking on Tony’s, so an hour and some change later Steve is lying on Tony’s chest, eyes closed in exhaustion as he processes what has just happened to him. The entire experience felt like rapture, like discovery, like being opened up and picked apart only to be made whole again with a few extra parts that were distinctly Tony. Steve never felt like he was missing anything in the past, or like he needed someone else to make him happy but having Tony make him happy is such an amazing addition he understands why the universe made him wait so long to have him. Steve is, like, stupidly grateful to have to big lug in his life and he expresses as much by falling asleep wrapped in his arms and not worrying about what Tony will think of him in the morning. Because Tony, unlike Rumlow, or Grover from U-Hail, cares about him not because he's got a tight pretty, pink asshole but because he himself is a pretty pink asshole, complete with tattoos and piercings and a bad attitude, and that's enough. It's enough for both of them.
Steve licks and sucks around her folds, reveling in the feeling of wetness dripping into his mouth and over his chin. Toni leaks like a goddamn faucet sometimes; Steve loudly slurps, lapping up the saliva and juices from her pussy before unceremoniously spitting all that wetness back onto her cunt. He repeats the process twice more, getting Toni soaking wet. Her lips are perfectly waxed and glisten so prettily. She gasps and bites at her lips, digs her nails into Steve’s skull when he does something right. She loves it when he points his tongue and licks over the opening of her hole, not diving in just yet, but tasting her there. Steve moans as he licks back over her, savoring the taste and the familiar musk of her skin.
Well Steve is feeling this consuming, eating thing inside of himself and it hurts and Tony looks so lost and cracked open and it’s a lot. This is a lot for him to take in because he’s pretty sure he just admitted that he’s
“This is ridiculous,” Steve scoffs, breaking the moment, “Next time you pull some shit like that, I’m benching you Stark. I’m not gonna argue with you like—like we’re children.” He turns to walk away and for some reason, Tony just can’t let it go. Something about confrontation with Rogers is terribly intoxicating, and Tony is loathe to admit that he seeks the thrill of it occasionally. There’s just something about ruffling Rogers’s feathers, seeing him be a little less sure of himself, that satisfies a mean, hungry part of Tony’s mind.
“There’s gonna be come stains on your sweatshirt,” he warns Steve as he collapses forward onto his chest. Steve wipes his wet hand on the arm of it.
“But if I die along the way?” she asks breathily as one of Steve’s huge hands brushes over the slight swell of her breast, cupping over her bra.
“I fucking did it!” he hollers. Him and Bucky stand and yell in each other’s faces for a moment, like two twenty something year old boys, and then he’s grabbing Tony’s face in his hands and smacking a big wet kiss on his lips. “I fucking
When he first caught sight of her, Tony had been struck by two things: one being her diminutive stature and two being the crowd of old school military brass practically foaming at the mouth to speak to her. She stood ramrod straight and held her clutch like she was actively trying not to allow herself to stand at parade rest. Unlike lots of other military women, however, this one wasn’t dressed in their formal green suit. No, standing on the other side of the room (way too far for Tony’s liking) the small blonde woman donned a classic looking long blue dress that hugged her tiny waist perfectly. The slit up the side displayed a perfectly muscled, yet somehow dainty creamy leg that Tony knew would look so beautiful over his shoulder. The heels she was wearing looked deadly and were intimidatingly high, however she still only hovered around 5’4” tall. Tony wanted to tuck her under his arm and flee the scene before anyone else could get their paws on her. So he did.
They make their way to the couch eventually, Tony depositing Steve on one end and standing to gather a number of supplies, including but not limited to: the silicone bong Bucky keeps hidden in one of the drawers of the coffee table, the Corona and orange juice from the kitchen, and a huge family sized bag of kettle cooked salt and vinegar chips that he opens and presents to Steve with a flourish. It’s so sweet and so simple; it’s not like any of these things are particularly expensive or hard to find, it’s not like Steve couldn’t have locked himself in his room for the entire day and watched Mighty Morphin’ all day, but the fact that Tony thought to gather it all for him makes the gesture so special. He knew Steve didn’t want a fancy dinner at some restaurant in SoHo, or a shopping spree in Paris or anything even close. He knew that Steve would feel better if he could just get high and feel comfortable in his skin for once, receiving kisses for his hard work and dedication to the art of laziness. Steve clenches his fists and fights back what feels like the urge to cry tears of joy.
“Baby aren’t you a sight for sore eyes,” Tony chuckles. Steve watches a bead of sweat trickle down the side of his neck and wishes that he could lick it up, taste the salty musk of Tony right now. “Wish you could see yourself. Maybe I’ll fuck you in front of a mirror one day. How’d you like that, champ? Seeing how strung out and fucking gorgeous you look, panting and writhing on my cock?”
“Of course it’ll be worth it. It’s gonna be fucking spectacular,” Bucky scoffs, and then lights one of his own, “I can’t believe your shoes.”
And Tony knows people can see it on his face. He and Steve have been together for a little over a year now, but even in the beginning everyone close to them could tell that they were head over heels. Pepper and Rhodey had been more than shocked to find Tony pining over a straight laced blonde boy scout he met at a party, but when they saw the two of them together it made sense. All they had to do was watch how Steve and Tony moved around each other, how Steve’s hand always rested comfortably on the back of Tony’s neck, how Tony made himself small and soft and kind for Steve. His jabs and jokes were never sharp or cruel, he looked up at Steve instead of down his nose like a snotty brat, he shoved his toes under Steve’s warm thighs when they sat on the couch together. Tony loves Steve like he’s never loved anyone else.
Tony snorted, “This guy can’t be security. Look at ‘im. He’s just a hipster with a boner for rule following.” The once over he gives Steve is a little less lewd this time, however, no less blush inducing. Steve’s ears went red too. Tony seemed to notice and adjusted his jacket, grinned maniacally, and took a deep breath, as if preparing to do something reckless enough to make headlines. The mischievous look in his eyes hasn’t changed since then.
“You’re a precious brat,” Tony laughs, Steve grins sheepishly, “I just like you. Can’t I hang around my favorite person?”
“I’m gonna pretend you didn’t say that,” he chuckles, “Now, hands and knees baby, wanna have your come all over my face.”
“Tony please,” he whines, “I want your mouth on my hole,” and he shivers with the words. His legs are hoisted over those perfect shoulders, crossed at the ankles around Tony’s neck all in the same motion.
And who is Tony to deny Steve what he so desperately wants? Tony flicks the cane over Steve’s right nipple immediately. It lands with a quiet snap and Steve gasps, his hands clenching together as if in prayer or thanks. Tony repeats the action, and then again just a little lower. Steve’s wet mouth is open, panting and he just takes it.
Instead, “I’m so glad we met,” he admits. The look on Tony’s face is completely priceless, and Steve will remember it even through the blur of intoxication.
They plan a real vacation for Christmas. Steve takes an extra week off work and they leave Bucky a key to the apartment to water their plants. It’s very exciting. They usually spend Christmas in New York and between the Starks, Rogers, and Barneses there is usually a lot of drama and traumatic stress (for Tony), but this year is going to be different. They’re going to Whistler, where Tony’s mother has a cabin. There won’t be any work demands; no e-mails to answer, no phone calls, nothing that would bring any kind of stress or anxiety. Steve is very adamant about this.
“Yeah. And then I had to be the one to tell that guy to fuck off once and for all while he was on the ground,
“Is that a StarkPhone in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?” she asks lasciviously when her breathing slows. Steve groans, but still smiles at her fondly.
The building Rumlow lives in is sort of nice but also really kind of dirty because he lives there with some older guy named Rollins who keeps him on a leash like a toy and also refuses to stop drinking on his front steps. Rollins has a real job and has lived in the neighborhood forever; he was around when Steve was a kid and now he’s keeping some dude as a pet. His mother doesn’t know but she’d probably be absolutely and totally lost by the idea because she’s old and innocent like that.
Tony laughs, “No, no. I mean the clubs. I own a bunch of property now all over the city, but they’re not a chain.”
or his asshole would be to invite his soft ass to a fucking Machine Head concert. Where the music is loud and vulgar, and everyone is as pierced and tatted as him and Bucky, if not more so, and just as angry. Plus, there’s the added fearful bonus of the
“I see,” Steve tsks, but tightens his hold on Tony’s cock. “We’ll have to find a way to put you to bed.” The other man bites back a moan, his plush bottom lip caught between his teeth. Steve keeps his eyes on him as he reaches between their bodies to free his own dick from his pants. Tony is twisting and grinding in his lap like this is a performance and Steve cannot fucking take it anymore. The sight of the other man in
with Steve. To give him up would mean to give up late nights learning about constellations, it would mean no more Chicago style pizza being flown in for their pleasure only; Steve would have to go back to the likes of Rumlow and Dave from the hotel and he’s loathe to admit it but Steve doesn’t want that for himself anymore. He wants to be selfish just this once and fucking keep this guy, hide him away and steal all of his goodness for himself, but he knows that’s not something he deserves. Because on the other hand, if Steve doesn’t give Tony up now Tony, a real Adult, is going to want things Steve doesn’t know how to offer. He’s going to want late night conversations about hopes and aspirations, he’s going to want to file
And Steve knows why Tony wants him to say it; nothing gets Steve blushing like the slight embarrassment he feels at having to—to tell Tony the way it feels with the bulging head of his cock finally pulls free from is puffy, wet hole or explain why it gets him so hot and needy when Tony presses his face into the mattress. It’s just so—it’s terribly vulgar, is all, and Steve doesn’t think it’s all that sexy when those kinds of words are coming from his mouth. But he wants to be a good boy, wants to be the best thing in Tony’s life and if this makes him good, if that’s what will unlock all those sweet words from Tony’s mouth then he’s going to do what needs to be done.
Steve’s roommates don’t make their return until late afternoon. Bucky, Natasha, Sam, and Clint pour into the foyer, dragging leaves and cool air in behind them. Natasha has a giant teddy bear stuffed under her arm, Cint’s nose has a bandage over his nose that is slightly soaked through with blood, but they’re all grinning from ear to ear.
He’s scared and Tony scoffs, “Of course not. I shouldn’t expect you too either, some fucking young, self centered
At this, Lucky opens his one eye and peers over at the two of them judgmentally. Steve’s face goes red in rage, because what the fuck does Clint’s dog know, and Sam sputters out a laugh, “That’s just pitiful,” he giggles helpfully. When the pipe is back in Steve’s hand he smokes the rest of the bowl with no consideration for Sam whatsoever, and then quietly stomps up the stairs to his room.
“Oh fuck, nah she ain’t dead, she’s just in Boca. A sort of paradise I guess, if you’re 92 and want to pretend you’re one of the Golden Girls for the rest of eternity.”
Natasha at least has the courtesy to roll down her window and turn in her seat, ignoring Bucky’s elitist punk comment, and staring at Steve and Tony in the back, “Hiya boys,” she greets, and blows a cloud of smoke into their faces.
“Yeah baby? You like that?” Tony asks, delivering a deep stroke that makes Steve gasp and whine and go stiff, “Tell me about it, sweetcheeks? You talk to me now.”
“Cap,” Natasha interrupts, shaking her head almost imperceptibly. Steve turns to her and sneers, then, surprised with himself, clenches his fist and takes a step back. Tony hasn’t forgotten about their audience, he simply doesn’t care. His reputation has preceded him in almost every social interaction of his life. Playing the bad guy is nothing new to him. Tony can’t wait to see how the good captain devolves though. Perhaps it’ll bring him down a peg or two, having everyone see him for the angry little man he really is.
He meets Tony, who is carrying a tray with two omelettes, two servings of toast, a bowl of strawberries, a very large cup of coffee, and a glass of orange juice, in the foyer. The two of them stare at each other for a few long, glowing moments before breaking out into matching giddy smiles.
Tony, Bucky has been spending with Natasha, at her place. Steve doesn’t blame him; having that kind of privacy is sort of addicting and wonderful, and gives one all the liberty to fuck and get fucked all over the place. Plus, Natasha is a grade a woman, the type that studies psychology at one of the best universities in the country but also shamelessly fucks around with and cares about a tattooed mechanic from Brooklyn who only really knows how to fix cars, smoke weed, and have sex. He doesn’t really mind losing shotgun to her.
“C’mon toots, it’s okay to be…a little worried. It’s okay to be scared, even. But I know you’re not the kind of person to let that get in your way,” he assures Steve. His words don’t appear to make any difference, but Steve also doesn’t burst into tears or a rage or clam up. He just nods solemnly, and Tony knows then what his decision will be.
Tony slides in a third finger then, prodding at the loosening muscles of Steve’s ass. He always starts off so tight but Tony is nothing if not determined, and he works the younger man open with dedication. He alternates between forceful, necessary strokes, and sweet rubs across Steve’s prostate with his fingers. Steve has gone practically cross eyed with pleasure, and it takes everything in him to not fuck himself back against the fingers fucking him open.
Downstairs there is absolutely no cereal, a pot of coffee on top of the TV, an aisle of the stove still on, and a dog in a cardboard box on the couch. He spends a long minute staring at the box wondering how it got there and also how it became full of a dog, until he ultimately decides that maybe this is what Bucky was yelling about. The house appears to be empty though, and Steve assumes Bucky is now trying to rectify the situation at hand. He goes into the kitchen and fixes himself some instant oatmeal.
“Please daddy,” he begs. He isn’t even sure what the hell he’s begging for, and the older man must know this because he gives Steve’s balls a mean flick as punishment. Steve positively wails, his body going taut.
Finally, for her at least, Steve stops avoiding her clit. He licks at it, just flattens his tongue and slowly licks over the bundle of nerves a handful of times, applying a decent amount of pressure. Her reactions grow bolder each time. First, Toni clenches her hand into a fist in his hair. Then, she lets out a noise like she’s been sucker punched, all the air leaving her body. And after that she jerks, her whole body jolting into the sensation, like she’s chasing that pleasure. Her best reaction though, the one that gets Steve’s cock throbbing and dribbling out precome already, making his brain go foggy with lust, is when her eyes fly open and she looks down at Steve and her mouth is parted on a silent moan. Toni looks shocked, like she can’t believe it feels this good, and her thighs tense up, her muscles bunching as if she’s planning on springing into action. She goes totally still instead.
“Fuck babe,” Tony gasps against Steve’s ankle. He moves his mouth up higher and higher, biting and sucking until his lips meet his fingers on Steve’s thighs and then he’s sucking bruises into the pale skin there too, “What do you want?” he husks.
Steve clenches his toes in the plush carpet, “Daddy. I’m sorry, I won’t forget again,” he swears. Tony nods in approval.
“I fucking like it, I’ll admit. Like the sound of your voice in my ear, whispering all your little fantasies. It’s cute.”
He and Steve go about their normal routines and pretend like nothing’s going to change. Steve packs up his dorm for the very last time and rents a storage unit in Providence because he doesn’t want to burden his mom with all of his crap while he’s gone. Summer begins and they spend the first three weeks at the Stark property in Malibu. Steve burns for a few days before peeling and revealing a particularly mouthwatering tan. He’s dusted with freckles, his blonde hair is bleached by the sun, and he spends hours and hours floating in the pool or down by the shore drawing. It’s perfect and peaceful and Tony savors every moment of it because he knows Steve can’t be all his forever. The last week that they spend there Tony invites their friends, buying plane tickets and all, and then everyone is holed up in the house like a little family. Pepper, Rhodey, Sam, and Bucky all pick rooms in the mansion and while they’ve met before they’ve never had to spend this much time together. Sam and Bucky are engaged in a permanent cat fight from what Tony understands, but Bucky and Pepper get along very well, as do Sam and Rhodey. He’s pretty sure Pepper is ready to trade Tony for Bucky by the end of the week. Despite being thrown on the chopping block, Tony is very happy. He has more than two friends now, and they’re good ones. None of them want anything from him, but he’s willing to give all he’s got.
Before Tony, Steve didn’t really have a lot of experience. He’s always known his sexuality, has never questioned his ability to love and be attracted to men and women alike, but it’s not like he was putting that knowledge into practice very often. There had been people here and there, a few relationships, a few experimental fuckbuddies, and even the terribly rare one night stand. But sex with Tony was unlike sex with anyone else.
“So what? This is just fun to you?” he asks angrily. Steve is sitting on feet, his eyes wide in shock at the whiplash change of heart he’s seeing right now. His fingers grip the sheets covering his hips nervously.
---been waiting for this. Fantasizing about it. Bet you jerk you pretty cock just thinking about it, me fucking you over the conference table, sweaty and covered in dirt, holding you down, making you fucking take it. You
“No!” Clint interjects excitedly. Natasha leads them down another street. No one is really paying attention to where they’re going except her and maybe Sam.
“I uh…- well fuck man I dunno,” he shrugs, “We’re just… together, I guess. It’s more than just fucking. We like, see movies and drive around town together a shit.”
“Daddy!” Steve shouts, “Oh yes, please, like that. Open me up, yeah—daddy, I want more! Can I have more? I need it.”
“Yes daddy,” Steve’s eyes drift shut, “you’re all I could think about. You look so good in your suits.”
“Don’t borrow trouble,” Steve warns him quietly, turning Tony’s head and licking up the side of his neck possessively, tasting salt there. Tony lets out a needy little moan at being manhandled and his hips twitch towards Steve’s.
and move in together, and the only person he does those things with is Bucky. Plus, Steve will get complacent. He’s going to start expecting every man to treat him this way, and so he’ll stay with Tony until Tony leaves him and then he’ll be on his ass in a daze, waiting for some special case like Tony Stark’s awful ass to come along and make his chest hurt and he’ll never find it. He’ll probably end up becoming celibate or addicted to OxyContin.
Tony steps into the walk in closet for a moment.  They have another space dedicated to some of their more hardcore toys, but Tony likes to keep their favorites nearby. He selects a black cane, not too thin but also not one of their thickest, and a pair of leather cuffs. Steve can obviously break free of them, but that’s part of the appeal. Tony only uses the specialized magnetic cuffs when he’s going to seriously let Steve have it; the leather ones are a testament of trust.
“I can’t believe you came right away,” Steve smiles at him in the car, “If you’d wanted to get some sleep and come in the morning I would’ve been fine.”
“Yeah?” he clears his throat and this time it’s his turn to down his drink. He sets his champagne flute aside and faces her completely, regarding the blonde as if at a professional distance. Her dress is held up by two delicate spaghetti straps and Tony loops fingers from his other hand through one, not quite pulling it down but suggesting it.
Eve rides out her orgasm, still and quivering with the force of it, sighing and whimpering to herself like the orgasm had been painfully wrenched out of her. Tony gathers her small frame up into his arms, fixing her dress straps and rubbing a soothing hand over her back as she pants moans with the aftershocks.
Steve finds himself in this weird position of confusion that he doesn’t know how to handle. On one hand, he doesn’t want to end things with Tony. Tony is so much fun; he has such a wonderful sense of humor, and he’s always laughing and despite the fact that he’s, like, old and shit he’s wonderfully understanding and curious and just everything that every guy Steve has ever been with in the past (including perplexing). And Tony possesses this softness, this ease that Steve is more or less addicted to like a drug that actually hits the spot instead of making him trip out of control. Tony strokes instead of grips, even though he also makes fun of everyone and everything relentlessly, and despite the fact that he gets mind blurringly angry sometimes he’s still
“Yes?” he says with a quirk of his eyebrow. His aforementioned specific brand of sensuality exists mostly in the form of heavy handed and abrasive flirting that only gets him into bed with self centered assholes, and he sure hopes this guy fits the mold because he’s sort of super hot. Steve doesn’t usually go for older guys, if Rumlow is to be excused, but this man is really doing it for him. He’s lean and pretty, with a nice goatee that Steve wants to feel in between his thighs and a headful of hair that looks soft to the touch.
“Steve,” he croaks. Steve’s eyes go so soft and tender that it only makes Tony cry some more and he has to clear hiss throat before he can go on. He feels bad that he missed so much of Steve’s vows freaking out, and he doesn’t want Steve to feel panic anywhere close to the levels of anxiety that just shocked his system, so Tony pulls himself together. Even if Steve doesn’t hear him or thinks his vows are stupid, Tony can still say he said them and that’s what matters. He tells Steve (and everyone else) about when they first met and how badly he wanted Steve to like him, to just think he was a good person worth talking to because being friends with Steve was a blessing. Tony tells him that he doesn’t believe in God but he believes in science and Steve; he believes in Steve’s ability to care for him and nurture him and just do the right thing. He tells everyone that he knows he wouldn’t be who he is if not for the man standing in front of him. Tony looks over at Sarah and she’s stopped crying but she’s smiling the way her son does, and Tony cries even more, tears sliding down his hot cheeks as he stammers through this whole idiotic speech.
me. And it- I fucking love you or some crazy shit like that and I don’t even know if you like me you goddamned prick! And it sucks, okay I have to say, it really fucking sucks that I don’t know if you’re still fucking the hundred other guys you were screwing before me, or if you deal with me for the money, or… or whatever! It’s awful and I hate it, I hate this!” he screams back, and with every rising octave Steve takes a step back. Tony, soft, cool Tony, has never been like this. Steve yells and raves and Steve gets angry but never Tony. This is scary, this is wild. This, right here, is a forest fire nearing the suburbs, this is a drug epidemic in the suburbs. Steve doesn’t know what to do or say because everything Tony just told him is an inescapable truth that has caused damage that needs recovery. There is no remedying it now. He can’t even be mad that Tony has just called him a slut, the one version of himself Anthony Stark has never known him as. To Tony he’s always been Steve, his Steve, and to suddenly be slapped in the face with the knowledge that he was
“Not tryin’ to kill ya, sweet thing,” he laughs, knee walking up the bed towards her. Toni is already unbuttoning her shirt, slipping it over her shoulders and tossing it onto the floor. She lies back just as Steve reaches her and he crawls over her slim, prone form.
They pull apart for real, but Steve stays close. It’s been like two weeks since they last saw each other. Even though their schools are only an hour apart, they don’t get to see each other as often as they’d like. Steve doesn’t have a car (he barely has a license), for one thing, and he has class, work, and crew practice for another. He’s a busy man and so is Tony. But that doesn’t matter because now they have a week to themselves. Steve puts the flowers in a mug full of water on his desk, gets changed into nicer clothes (though Tony does love him in comfy sweats and his tight athletic t-shirt) and they head out. The place Tony made reservations at is one they’ve never been to and while Steve may complain about the bill, he gets a perverse satisfaction at consuming as many fancy steaks as possible and Tony is happy to indulge.
“They’ll appreciate it if they want my money,” Tony shrugs, “And also: I don’t care. I don’t want to be there without you. That’s it, really. I just want to be able to see you, and I don’t want to be alone. Like, okay yeah, Pepper will be there, but she won’t sleep in my bed and wait for me to bring her breakfast. Or suck my cock.”
“T-Tony what? Please stop!” Steve starts, hopping out of the bed too. He puts a hand on Tony’s shoulder, “I- what the fuck this does mean something to me! We mean something to me,” he admits, blinking tears of his eyes.
Tony doesn’t mind being rude, most of the time finds impoliteness a rather easy price to pay for the sake of getting what he wants, be he figures that little miss Eve Rogers might feel differently. So he knocks on the privacy screen as soon as the two of them are firmly planted in their seats because he definitely has plans for this car ride. She fiddles with a dangling bracelet on her wrist and decidedly does not acknowledge this move or its implications. That does something to Tony, awakens a hunger in him that he hasn’t felt in a while. He’s fucked movie stars and models and socialites alike, people with the nicest faces and bodies money could buy, but then here’s this woman and she’s doing more for him than any of those people could ever hope.
“Well. I’m trying to answer these questions correctly so that I may continue to have sex with you. So.”
This was to be expected though. Steve pretty much knew he’d be handling this whole “what are we?” thing by himself because Sam has really lame relationship advice, Clint is divorced, and absolutely wonderful women just so happen to fall coincidentally into Bucky’s lap. The weird couple from Mel’s are what got him into this shit in the first place so he can’t very well ask them what to do, they’d probably say the same thing Sam would.
“You are?” she asks innocently. Tony watches, enraptured, as she downs her drink in one go and drums her short, sensible nails against the glass. Mischief glimmers in her big, blue eyes. Tony wonders how they’d look all brimming with tears if he were to stuff his cock past those plush lips of hers.
This could be attributed to a number of causes. One, Tony has only ever had two friends at once during at time in his life up until now. He isn’t familiar with the trappings of traditional young adult life, and he has precious little experience giving or receiving naïve love advice from his peers. His friends, like him, are workaholics and dedicated academics and often don’t have time for dating. Of these few and far between friends, Tony has thought he was in love with three of them and had his heart terribly broken by 2 and a half of them. Two: Tony’s parents weren’t even in love. Most kids’ first example of a loving relationship is their parents, right? Watching the people that made them hug and kiss and tell each other inside jokes while they cook dinner. Not Tony. Mom and Howard barely spoke to one another in Tony’s presence, leading him to believe they spoke even less when he wasn’t around. They probably liked each other alright, were comfortable enough to settle into easy routines and know how to defuse arguments, but they definitely weren’t in love. Tony is, unfortunately, wholly unfamiliar with what love looks like or what you’re supposed to do with it. There isn’t enough information at his disposal.
“No, thanks,” Steve murmurs, beginning to turn away when Tony catches his hand and spins him back round to face him. His brown eyes are intense, appraising. Steve is blushing already. “Yeah?”  he asks.
Bucky clears his throat, “So I’m sittin’ at the fuckin’ bar, right? Waitin’ on Nat to get back from the bathroom and shit, when this fucking
As soon as the doors of the private elevator close, Steve and Toni are all over each other. She wore her hair down for once, the loose waves fall around her shoulders, and Steve can’t help but brush her bangs from her face before planting a chaste kiss on her lips. Toni has never been patient, however, and grabs his other hand so that she may place it back in her pocket, encouraging him to grab onto her. Steve laughs into the kiss now, nipping on her plush bottom lip as he pulls away, and then dipping his head again so that he can lick into the wet, warmth of her mouth. Toni bounces up onto her toes and secures her two hands firmly in the short blond locks at the back of Steve’s head, messing up the product she taught him to use. Her hands wander over his biceps, to his pants, where she untucks his shirt and slips her small hands underneath, and then she strokes up to his chest. Steve groans at the feeling, pulls her closer with the hand in her pocket and the other on he back of her neck. He kisses her over and over, an occasional quick peck, and then hard presses of need until she’s bent nearly backwards with the force.
“Yes! Is this about the award? You know I would come baby, but I can’t just leave the country for two weeks, I have-,”
“So what the fuck have these last few weeks been then? If I’m so different then why have you been playing the same fucking games with me that you’ve played with everyone before me?” he demands and well.
despite also being what everyone else has always understood him to be pierces right through him like a spear. It shakes him to his core.
Rogers must sense his need because her own hand slithers down between them and she follows the curve of his trapped dick with her fingers, jerking him off through his clothes. Her hand is
,” Steve admits breathily. Tony pulls away only slightly before diving in for a kiss. His tongue sweeps across Steve’s bottom lip, delves past his teeth, licks across the planes of his mouth greedily. Steve moans into it, arching towards Tony as if he can’t get enough, letting the older man control the kiss and winding his fingers through dark curls. The kiss goes on for what feels like forever, the two of them sucking at each other’s tongues and nipping at bottom lips like high schoolers in the back seat of someone’s car.
Also, there are dates. And not just the “let’s kick it at your place and pass a bong back and forth before I stick my dick in you” type of dates, but actual honest to God “please put on a tie and take out your nose piercing at
“I dunno Tony. I feel like you’ve got a secret,” Steve says quietly, but the conversation is dropped when he presses a sweet kiss to Tony’s forehead
Finally, nearly two hours later, Tony finds Steve. They had started the night hanging onto each other, Steve saying hello to the few people in attendance that he didn’t hate, but eventually they separated and Steve isn’t ashamed to admit that he was bored and lonely the whole time and is happy to be reunited with his boyfriend. He’s sitting on a bar stool when he feels a gentle tap on his shoulder and turns to find Tony standing there, his eyes gone dark and a grin on his face that’s absolutely uncalled for.
Tony teases, “How’s that?” lowly. His strokes are slow and precise, but his grip is tight and unforgiving. Steve thrusts into his grasp, his hands going to grip Tony’s shoulders for a little more leverage. As he does though, Tony’s other hand rises from where it was resting on Steve’s thigh and his hand goes to gently rest around Steve’s throat. The action, simple in every way but literally, drags a frantic moan out of Steve, who hurries his thrusts now. Tony gives a squeeze to his throat, cutting off his air just barely, like a warning.
Eve rolls her hips again, her free hand going to play at her stiff nipples. Tony pulls one strap of her dress off her shoulder so that he can see her breast bounce free. Her nipples are such a sweet shade of pink, like strawberries and cream, and he knocks her hand aside to pinch and play with the little nub until it hardens at his ministrations. The residual wetness from her pussy makes her nipple glint in the low light streaming in from the street outside, and Tony pulls her closer so that he can get his mouth on her. He sucks at her nipple sharply, like he’s trying to bruise, before lacing gentle licks around the areola as if in apology. When he starts to place quick bites around the soft weight of her breast, Eve throws her head back and sighs and frees the other, grinding her hips like she’s riding his cock. Her hand never falters on his dick, stroking slow and deliberately, making slick, vulgar noises. He doesn’t know how long they keep up their rhythm, he doesn’t even know how it’s taken them this long to reach the Tower, but he can’t be half assed to care, not when the sexiest woman he’s ever seen is currently using his leg to masturbate. Like he’s a pillow or a particularly active vibrator.
“You want me to drop everything for 17 and go to California with you? And do what? Wait around in your hotel room for you to come back and fuck me?”
because Steve has never been like this. What if it’s too much? What if he’s being completely weird and Tony gets uncomfortable and bolts? What if Steve gets way in over his head and when this does end, when Tony does really say goodbye Steve is never the same? That would be the absolute worst. Steve dejectedly crawls under his covers and buries his face in his pillow, the one that he sleeps on himself, the one that doesn’t smell like Tony’s expensive aftershave, and sinks into a dreamless sleep.
“I-I like it when you—well sometimes you put y-your fingers in t-too. I like it. And I like w-when  you get a little r-r-rough. Last time you—oh god Tony—you put your f-fingers in my mouth and-,” Steve can’t finish the sentence without letting out a huge sobbing moan and Tony grabs him tighter, pulls him impossibly closer, getting right up in Steve face as he pants.
“I-I’m gonna come. Can I please cum?” he gasps suddenly. Tony studies his face, takes in the sweaty blonde bangs sticking to Steve’s forehead, the blush high on the apples of his cheeks, and his agitated, twitching cock.
“Fuck,” she whines, returning her hands to his hair. She yanks, hard, and the pain is so sweet, such a dull burn that it makes Tony’s mind go completely black as he throws his head back and moans. He likes her, he decides, likes Rogers and the attitude he can tell she has, likes how all that bite comes in such a sweet little package for him to defile.
Steve is brought out of his head when he hears Tony cross the threshold into their bedroom. He slides his feet out of his polished dress shoes and walks into the closet to hang his own coat. When his eyes focus on Steve, now clad only in a pair of black boxer briefs, he fixes the younger man with a look that is simultaneously predatory and warm.
Considering the amount of godforsaken love songs Tony has had to skip over the course of this drive, he is fairly certain that the majority of adults on earth are familiar with the sensation. It is, apparently, a very common affliction. He is not the only person to have ever been shaken to their core by its mere suggestion. It just feels that way.
“So you gonna go with me?” Steve asks innocently on a Thursday evening. They’re sitting in Tony’s living room, Steve watching him play Nintendo and cheering when he seems to be winning. He’s swaddled in this huge blanket that Tony insists he needs whenever they’re downstairs because it does get pretty drafty. Steve will never admit it but he thinks it’s really cute when Tony’s cussing him out because his lips are blue while he’s inside.
And then Eve gives Tony a look that makes him rethink what he thought he knew about her. There’s a deviousness there that he hadn’t expected, like she’s planning on beating him at something. She holds her glass out for another pour and Tony obliges, but he doesn’t stop watching her. Eve takes a sip this time, leaving sticky residue from her lip gloss on the glass, and she gazes at him over its rim.
stop fuckin’ followin’ my friend around and shit” and I’m like okay well the only person included in this conversation that’s not present is Nat-,”
“She’s definitely feeling pretty good about it,” Rhodey laughs and points down to the beach where Pepper is laid out, decidedly unbothered. Tony’s glad. He’s extremely happy, actually.
“I missed you too much,” Tony admits with a dopey grin of his own. They hold hands for the entirety of the 15 minute drive. Steve lets Tony open the door for him when they arrive, the back of his neck going a sweet pink.
The Argument goes down in their romantic history as the most epic battle of all time and they vow to never have one again. That last month had been really tolling on the both of them, full of petty disagreements that led to these huge screaming matches and things they never meant were always said. The clarity The Argument provided them with becomes sort of invaluable, no matter how painful it is to think about sometimes. In moments of deep rooted insecurity on both of their parts they can remember what was said that day and be the people the other sees them as. It’s… weird to say the least, to put so much trust in the goodness of someone else, but Steve does this because Tony gives him the same faith and because he never wants to doubt Tony’s affection for him again. He doesn’t like feeling like he doesn’t deserve the kind of care Tony provides him with, and the older man has told him time and time again that he doesn’t have to feel that way and he trusts Tony’s word. He trusts him when he tells Steve that he’s in love with him, despite the ugly things about him, if not because of them. The feeling is so foreign and unspeakably new that he can’t help but constantly talk about it.
Upstairs Steve shuts his door behind them and lights an incense. It’s the closest thing to romantic he has, and it would actually be nice for his room to not reek so much of paint thinner and weed. He strips out of his shirt and his boxers and throws himself back onto his bed and gazes up at Tony. Steve knows that this look does to his boyfriend and, just as expected, Tony’s eyes immediately go dark and hungry. There’s nothing sleepy left in his demeanor as he takes in the sight of Steve all laid out for him and it sends a wave of pleasure straight to Steve’s cock. He loves the way Tony looks at him, like he’s the only person in the world, like he’s Tony’s most valuable possession.
,” she yells, louder than she’s been for the entire ride. She tenses up, both of her hands moving from their previous positions to grab at her nipples and
“It’s very normal, actually. I’ve got some time off, I’m visiting people,” he’d shrugged, because it was true. Lots of his classmates were leaving campus now that they were done testing; going to see friends and family and the like. Tony didn’t see why his doing it was something noteworthy. He kept puttering around his apartment to avoid looking Pepper in the face.
“Fuck me,” Clint groans, lowering himself onto the ground and sprawling on his back. He kicks the door shut and toes off his Adidas and just lies there breathing heavily. Steve looks over at Sam, whose eyes have gone pinched and tired like he wants to say something mean but knows it isn’t worth it, so Steve just hands him the pipe. It’s incredible how much marijuana can fix when applied in the right doses.
Southern California is everything every pop hit has made it out to be, and worse. It’s hot, sweat drenchingly so, head achingly so, and crowded and when they land in LAX it’s through a cloud of thick smog. But everything is beautiful, moving and still at the same time and it makes Steve
“Just like that,” he murmurs, “Now I’m gonna play with you. Tell me if it’s too much and you must ask before you come. Do you understand?”
to be doing so, and thinks to himself that the atmosphere immediately upon entering the place is so corny he wants to die. He’s already itching for a drink to escape the ranting confines of his mind when a hand taps him lightly on the shoulder and he turns around to face a man of the suave handsome variety.
Maybe that’s what makes Tony so—this is why Tony gets all shy about it. Being with Steve isn’t anything to be ashamed of, and he’s made enough terrible mistakes in his short life to have done things that are really and truly disgraceful, but the way he wants more is so…stupid. He knows that 50% of marriages end in divorce, and he knows that he (still) drinks too much, and he knows that Steve is only
. There’s no way he’s ready to sign his life over to anyone, let alone someone like Tony. It’s not even a comment on his character, really. It’s just that, of course, most 19 year old kids aren’t ready to get married and they definitely aren’t ready to get married to someone who’d been abusing pharmaceuticals three years ago and still carrying around pounds and pounds of childhood trauma. That’s fine. It’s okay. Tony can wait.
Of course, just because Tony knows that Steve is going to go doesn’t mean Steve actually says it. And just because Tony is truly happy that Steve gets to go doesn’t mean he wants him to either. It would be incredibly, painfully selfish for him to ever say as much but Tony wants to keep Steve as close as possible at all times. The fact that they can’t sleep in the same bed every night and spend all of their free time together already drives him insane; not even having long weekends or random day trips is going to kill him. But he wants Steve to look back on his life and have no regrets, whether Tony is in his future or not. And Tony doesn’t want to be a regret himself. He wouldn’t ever be able to shake the guilt of knowing that Steve didn’t do what made him happiest just so that Tony could have someone around to cuddle him and stroke his ego. That would be…just not good.
“I’m yours, nobody else’s,” Steve nods. And Steve sinks down into the lowest, most delicious level of that place he loves, makes himself comfortable there as wave after wave of pleasure crash over him and bury him deep beneath an ocean of joy and satisfaction.
Steve’s research includes interrogating this weird couple that comes into Mel’s every Wednesday, Thursday, and Saturday about things that are important in their relationship (excluding card games), and how they manage to not hate each other after having been together for so long. All in all it’s a very long boring conversation that barely mentions drugs, sex, or alcohol in reference to any type of happiness or happy things like Steve expected and instead includes lots of mentions of physical intimacy (not the same thing as sex), discussion, respect, and doing things to make the other happy. Relationships didn’t sound so soul sucking and life ruining until then.
“Mmhmm,” Tony encourages her, thrusting his cock up into her grip, “I wanna see you. Wanna watch you come from humping my thigh, you desperate little thing. So perfectly slutty, so fucking perfect, I’m tellin’ you. Goddamn you’re sexy, I can’t wait to see what you look like all come dumb. Can’t wait to fuck into your tight little hole when we get upstairs, bet I’ll slide right inside. I bet you’re so fucking
Steve works on Saturday too but he doesn’t hate his job so he doesn’t really mind all that much. Mel is a pretty cool boss, he never calls Steve on his off days or rushes him off of his breaks and the ambiance of his place is pretty cool, if a little dry and sort of catnip for lame ass NYU students and wannabe Kurt Cobain groupies. Steve doesn’t mind them though, they make his paychecks. He doesn’t have hard laborious hours to work and then when he’s off he has the energy to do things like yell at his roommates and have illicit sex with one of their neighbors and make art. It’s a pretty decent setup.
When he pulls away, Tony blows over Steve’s nipple, the cool air causing them to stiffen even further. He tugs gently at the chain, watching as Steve’s face screws up in pain. He gasps and points his toes, like he wants to run away from the agony but can only lie there and take it. His muscles tense and flex deliciously with the movement. Tony pulls again. Steve cries out, “
Tony thinks, absently, that he could marry Steve. Howard would have a fucking cow and Maria would probably spend a week praying and the media would shit a brick, but Tony could do it. He wants to do it, he finds himself musing as he drives. He turns his blinker on and switches lanes and imagines how he’d feel looking at his hands on the steering wheel and seeing a gold wedding band on one finger. It would feel even better looking over at Steve and seeing one that matched on his finger.
, Tony brings his hand up to Steve’s face and presses three of his fingers to the blonde’s lips, “Suck,” he instructs gently, and Steve lets the digits slip past his lips to rest on his tongue. He bobs his head upon and down, licks between Tony’s fingers, lets them press all the way to the back of his throat until he gags slightly. Tony does it again, just to listen to the noise. When he pulls his fingers free they’re slick with Steve’s saliva, which makes for pretty good lube when Tony wraps his hand around their cocks. Steve gasps at the contact, already having gone sensitive and needy while waiting for Tony to get with the program. Kissing the sound right off his lips, Tony begins stroking them, gathering the wetness from his tip and spreading it over them so that all Steve can focus on is the wet slide of them.
Tony reaches up to cup Steve’s jaw in his hand, stroking his thumb over the perfect swell of his cheekbone, “What if I’ve got other plans for you?” Tony asks. His thumb slips past Steve’s lips and into his mouth, just resting on his tongue until Tony pulls away. “Maybe I wanna play with my little boy for a while.”
“How would you like a little treat?” Tony asks. Steve just blinks at him. He’s so sweet like this, when he’s under. Steve sinks into that perfect place, lets himself be led instead of bearing the weight of leading all the time and it’s so beautiful. Tony’s pretty sure he barely understands English at the moment. “Hm baby? You’ve been so perfect, let me make you feel good, okay?” Tony babbles. It takes him a few moments to process but then Steve is smiling, a sloppy, exuberant thing that means he’s obviously pleased. He nods slowly. Tony smiles back at him and pats the corner of the bed. Steve unwinds all of those gorgeous muscles and crawls over—the chain connecting the nipple clamps dangling—so that he can climb up onto the bed. He lies back, sprawled out and looking like a wet dream.
Steve sighs, long and luxuriously, “Feelin’ so good. Thank you.” And he makes grabby hands at Tony until he strips himself of the t shirt and briefs he must have slipped into and crawls into bed with Steve, kissing at the back of his neck and trailing clever fingers down his spine
In some versions he manages to splutter “I do” and the look on Steve’s face would make an angel weep. His blue eyes would look like the sky on one of those perfect 73 degree weather days where families flew kites and went speed boating on the local lake. His eyes would pinch and crinkle in that soft, fond way they do whenever he looks at Tony for too long. His hands, big and broad and masculine like the rest of him, would shake in Tony’s grasp. It would be perfect, in these versions, because all of the sweet burning he Tony felt for Steve was reflected in dream Steve’s eyes and suddenly the scariest thing about that day wouldn’t be his inability to say the words but instead the possibility that Sarah would ruin her makeup crying happy tears for her son, or Jarvis would laugh when he and Steve kissed.
“I’m ready,” she says quietly. She has a look of hesitant excitement on her face, her brown eyes are clouded with the promise of sex, and she pinches and pulls one perfect nipple between her fingers.
together, the fucking and talking and smoking thing, for like 5 months now and it’s no longer summer anymore, there’s no longer any sparkling newness. It’s October and it’s cool out; people are starting to wear coats and rave season is just beginning. If the summer represents all things punk to Steve, (mosh pits, good weed, sex, lemonade) then fall represents whatever the fuck raves are. The fall comes with costume parties, and stepping out of nightclubs overheated and dripping eyeliner. People do ex in the fall and feel like the cold could never touch them; fall is a heat stroke. Shit gets burned up for warmth in the fall, so maybe the seasons changing was something of a foreshadowing and Steve should’ve known things were about to get fucked up. Well, even more so.
The apartment itself is a whole nother level of holy shit. There’s a foyer, for one thing, but like a real one with shiny white floors and a staircase that actually winds up and into obscurity. In the distance, because there’s a helluva lot of it, Steve sees a sunken living room with fat ass leather couches and a huge TV that likely also includes all of the latest gaming stations. Hell, next to his head is a key holder with 7 different rings for 7 different cars on it.
“So are you gonna take me home or what?” he asks after maybe two consecutive hours at the bar. Bucky emerged from the employee room 40 minutes ago with Natasha, a sly blush warming the tops of his ears and one of her fingers hooked in his belt loop. Natasha was looking incredibly satisfied with herself. Kate Bishop was pink cheeked and happy the last time he caught sight of her and Clint making a fool of themselves on the dance floor, and Steve figures that everyone being happy and nothing being burned to ashes means it’s a safe enough time to leave the premises without having to worry about his friends being arrested or dying.
“Me,” she murmurs surely and simply before giving one of his pecs a particularly harsh bite. Tony sucks in a deep breath through his nose and gives up all pretenses of self-control. Faster than either of them can really process Tony worms one hand between them, manages to get his fingers on that elusive flash of lace so that he can rub at her cunt over her panties. He feels the heat there, how she’s so wet that she’s soaked through her pretty underwear and rubs over the nub of her clit gently. The way Rogers writhes at the sensation, going still only to tremble bodily, encourages Tony further and he presses just a bit harder, trying to find how she likes it. Eve loses focus and buries her face in his neck, panting hotly as Tony’s nimble fingers work.
“Ah, I see,” Steve laughs. He’s being quiet, his voice gone so low that Tony feels it more than he hears it. Steve is huge and warm behind him, his arms like a vice wrapped around Tony’s body. He feels like he’s in a love cocoon. He feels like Steve could squeeze him until his eyes popped out of his head and Tony would say thank you. Steve is just…too awesome.
“How’s that? This what you want? Want me to make you come? Won’t even take your panties off, baby, just stuff you full of my fingers right now and watch you make a mess,” Tony rumbles quietly, still stroking over her. Her clit is stiff and hard, obvious to him even though he can’t see her. He wonders how she’ll react to his mouth on her; will she roll and grind sensually, or will she twitch and jump? Does she like to have her clit sucked on, will she grab his hair and fuck herself back and forth on his tongue, taking what she wants from him, or will she lie there and take it when he slips his fingers inside of her and licks at just the right spot? Tony’s dick is stiff in his slacks, tenting between them and aching for attention, but he ignores the pulsing need there so that he can focus on Rogers. He wants to take her the fuck apart, show her how grateful he really is for this opportunity.
And Steve, who is a reasonable person and knows a thing or two about how men who fuck him work, gives Bucky a look that reflects how absolutely impossible and shocking the words he’s just said are, “What the fuck?” he asks, for good measure.
. He suddenly, viscerally, wants this to hurt, wants this to be too much to handle in the best way until he’s trembling with overstimulation and tears.
“That feels good doesn’t it?” Tony husks. Steve nods, yes it does, but he wants more, he wants it to feel better. “I know baby, I know,” he soothes. Tony watches Steve thrust forward for a little while longer, taking in the sight of Steve so pink and desperate and gorgeous, before stepping away and shirking his pants. He stands in the center of the room for a moment and the two of them have a horny stare down for a few moments. Tony licks his lips and sits on the edge of the bed, motions for Steve to come over.
Heaving himself out of bed and throwing on a shirt, Steve muses about what could possibly be the problem now. Maybe Clint forgot to pay the light bill again, it’s possible Thor spilled an entire tank of propane somehow, Bucky could’ve tried to pierce Sam’s ear in his sleep; Steve doesn’t know how his friends end up in situations like this, they just do. He tries not to get angry about it most of the time because it’s not like it’s his fault that he’s surrounded by idiots, but right now he’s a little pissed. He brushes his teeth angrily in his bathroom and then slides on a pair of house shoes because there’s no way he’s venturing anywhere in this house barefoot. It feels too early in the morning for boots though.
blushing, blue eyes blinking up at Tony in that way that makes something stir in his gut. He looks nervous and excited. He looks like he’s so terribly, sickeningly happy to be right where he is and that makes Tony smile. Tony feels like he could about bubble over with joy.
Toni shrugs like it’s no big deal, but Steve knows better. This is her favorite, when he’s under her like this. She humps his face like a fucking pillow, grinding her clit over his lips and tongue aggressively, and it’s easier for him to get his fingers inside of her this way. As Toni lowers herself onto her forearms, Steve pinches her ass cheek and she yelps. He hears Toni gulp too before he wraps his arms around her waist, tugging her down onto his face and keeping her in the unbreakable steel grip of his arms. Once again, Steve nudges her pubic hair (that’s now sticky with her release and his saliva) aside, and begins the dedicated work of laving his tongue up and down across her entire pussy. He starts at her perineum and licks up to her clit, which he flicks his tongue over a few times before starting over. Soon, Toni starts thrusting her hips to match his movements, allowing Steve to control the pace.
They go shopping too, and Sarah Rogers is a lot like her son in that she doesn’t expect anything from anyone, but Tony can’t help himself. The woman responsible for raising the person Tony is starting to consider the love of his life all on her own deserves some kind of gratitude. He goes ahead and buys her a dress that he caught her eyeing in a window and then he finds a purse that would go perfectly with it. Sarah’s just as stubborn as Steve too (it’s obvious where he gets it from), so Tony has both things mailed to their home address to ensure that she accepts the gifts. At night when she goes back to her hotel she gives both of them a hug and a kiss and the gesture warms Tony right down to his toes. Steve gives her his class ring and they both cry.
For one thing, Steve and Tony’s relationship is very unique for both of them. Though Tony has a much more extensive sexual background, he’s only ever been in two meaningful and monogamous relationships, and one of them ended in utter heartbreak. He’s never had anyone that cared for him the way Steve does, someone who wants to see him smile and laugh for absolutely nothing in return; someone who pushes him to be the best version of himself without making him feel bad about who he already is. Steve has never asked about any wrong Tony has done, has only ever held his hand and listened if Tony ever wanted to talk about his past, and that is more valuable to Tony than anything. Tony trusts Steve implicitly, he feels safe with Steve, and there aren’t many people alive that can say as much.
Toni keeps at it for a few minutes, pausing only to choke on her spit, stretch her right leg out straight while it quivers and trembles, and scream into a pillow. Steve groans as her movements grow more frantic, and suddenly she’s bouncing on his face, riding him as if she were riding his cock. He grabs the globes of her ass cheeks, pressing her closer. His nose actually does hurt at this point, but then Toni is really, really wailing into the pillow and she goes stiff all over (except for her shaking right leg) and comes. Before she can truly recover though, Steve reaches up to quickly insert two of his fingers inside of her quaking pink pussy.
“To a death metal concert?” Tony says absently, “totally. I love death metal. Metal and death. I love that.”
this,” he grinds out, his voice going high and breathless. Steve is right; Tony’s thought about this for months, but he’d never admit it. Instead, he yanks Rogers into a kiss, licking past his full bottom lip and sucking on his tongue. Steve groans then, and his pace picks up even further. Fucking his hips forward, shaking the bed even, Steve spits on their cocks and lets out a low rumble, almost a growl. It’s so primal, so red hot and sexy that it sends Tony over the edge first, his dick pulsing and shooting stripes of come over the both of them, painting his stomach. Steve isn’t long after, coming all over Tony’s spent cock and rubbing it in even, watching intently as Tony goes soft in his hands.
, thank you, thank you.”  And Steve means every word. He’s so thankful, so glad that Tony will always give him exactly what he needs. He wants to get fucked fast and hard until his hole is open and loose and sloppy, throbbing from the abuse, but Tony knows that this is what he needs. Tony knows that if Steve wants to go down to that soft, sparkling place and stay there then he has to pluck Steve apart, unwind him like a piece of thread until he’s delirious with need and pleasure and he can barely speak at all. That’s how Steve really likes it, deep down, but he’d never ask. He likes it when Tony is sweet with him, gentle and all encompassing, surrounding Steve until it’s just their sweat and the constant grind of their bodies taking over all of his senses.
and needy already. I know you missed me baby, I see the way you’re falling all over yourself. Like a horny teenager, like you’ve never been touched before. I know you’re close already too,” he growls. Tony whines and the movements of his hips become erratic, sloppy. He’s humping into any friction he can find now, rubbing himself into Steve’s palm and the deliciously wet length of his shaft, pressing his cockhead against the fold of Steve’s foreskin; he wants anything he can get. Steve likes that, chokes back a moan of his own at the sight of such lewd desperation in his lap. He’s rock hard, leaking like a faucet and panting as if he’s just ran around Manhattan island twice. He licks around the shell of Tony’s ear and allows himself to groan quietly so that he can feel his boyfriend shiver.
When she’s finished, Steve lifts her bodily off him. He arranges her so she’s lying on her back, comfortably propped up by the pillows, cradled by blankets. He leaves briefly to pour her a glass of wine. He lies down next to her, resting his head on her right thigh.
By the time Steve wakes up it’s already too late; the world is already ending. One of those bullhorn things is being used repeatedly by someone on the street outside his window, he can smell gas in the air (he hopes no one lights a cigarette), and Bucky is screaming “What did you do?” at the top of his lungs. Steve rolls over, looks at the clock sitting on his bedside table, and sighs internally. It’s 10 in the morning, but it’s one of Steve’s few off days and he thought he was going to be able to enjoy it in peace. He isn’t sure why he expected anything other than this.
Steve says, “Bucky landed on top of me and nearly concussed my skinny ass. Tony would be so-,” as he makes it to the car that Nat’s just shoved his best friend into. Kate and Clint joined in with little question and no one has started to scream yet so Steve is guessing this must be one of Nat’s elusive college friends, or one of her dad’s people when Tony starts speaking.
Steve nods furiously, feeling himself tip over the edge before he can come up with anything to say, just letting out a high keening kind of breath and then collapsing on himself as stars burst behind his clenched eyes and his entire head gets stuffed with the perfect cotton of subspace.
“You are though. You might not get an opportunity like this again, Steve. And I know you want to go.”
with Tony. Tony, who never judges or laughs or pushes too hard. Tony who knows how to read him like differential equations. Since the very beginning of their relationship Tony has worked hard at making sure Steve feels comfortable with him in every sense of the word and as always indulged Steve in any way he can without any sort of reproach. He allows Steve to rant and rave, to explore new foods and places and experiences and makes sure to affirm Steve in all of these endeavors.
“Thank me now then, since I’m the only one trying to make sure you behave yourself,” Tony scoffs. He’s spreading lube over his fingers, and Steve is momentarily distracted at the sight. Tony has such nice hands, such strong wrists, masculine, hairy forearms. He’s so powerful. Even though Steve may be more muscular and even taller, Tony is the strongest man in the room. Steve moans.
“JARVIS? Cut the music,” Steve commands. Leaning casually against the edge of a desk, he grins when he sees Tony jump at the suddenness of the silence. He eases the mask off his face and turns slowly.
, baby, baby, baby, I’m so close, you’re right I’m so close already. I’m g-gonna come, please make me come, make me come,” he starts to chant. Steve can barely contain himself. He pulls Tony’s head back so that they’re looking at each other and that’s it; the sight of Tony’s swollen lips, his messy hair, his blown pupils, it’s all too fucking much and Steve’s hand is around Tony’s throat in a tight squeeze for one, two, three seconds as he shakes and shudders and spurts come between the two of them, all over Tony’s still hard cock. It’s such a beautiful sight and Steve strokes them through his orgasm, watches as his come sticks to and slicks up Tony’s dark length, tangles in the thatch of neat pubic hair nestled at the base of his dick. Not two strokes later and Tony is coming too, his eyes rolling back in his head once more as he sighs and simpers through it.
When he gets to Providence Tony makes reservations at a small French place and picks up some flowers. Steve doesn’t really like big gestures (reckless spending stresses him out) so Tony can’t have Akihiro fly in from Los Angeles to make them sushi or have $3000 worth of roses delivered to his dorm, and that’s fine. Spending money is the only way Tony really knows how to express how much his boyfriend really means to him, but he’s getting better at the little things. In fact, if Tony says so himself, he’s better at the little things than he ever could have imagined.
And Tony always makes good on his promises. He feeds Steve bites of apple and grapes from his own hand, spreads the juice that drips from the fruit over Steve’s lips gently and kisses the sweetness away. His mouth tastes like the whiskey and Steve whines every time he pulls away. Steve’s dick is very interested in the proceedings, but he’s never allowed to touch unless Tony says, so Steve just kneels like a good boy and takes what his daddy gives him.
“No!” Steve exclaims, more passionately than the situation probably calls for, “We’re not leaving the food, what the hell? We’re just gonna rush up the stairs quicker. If you made me breakfast in bed I’m eating that shit in bed. Type of classless dames
And it is. Steve’s cock has been hard for the better part of the hour; his slit has been generously spitting precome too, and his cock is glistening with it. He’s been such a good boy though and he hasn’t touched it or even asked to come. The obedience alone is enough to have Tony tenting in his slacks and he presses the heel of his hand to the base of his cock, keeping himself in check.
“You think he wants to marry you?” she asks innocently enough, but it brings Tony pause. Steve has never talked about getting married, but then again neither has Tony. Steve’s own parents had been happily married before his father’s passing so it’s not as if he has a fear of the institution like Tony does. He’s just…never mentioned it. Steve tells Tony he loves him all the time though. While in France he’d sent Tony at least 20 drawings of himself, all lovingly crafted and drawn from an artist’s memory, like Tony was his muse or something. Steve left mushy voicemails all the time too, telling Tony how much he missed him and wished he were there to hug and kiss (and fuck). Tony knew that Steve loved him, there was no doubt about that. He wasn’t sure if Steve…felt anything beyond that. Because Tony felt something beyond love. He felt a longing for him, felt passion for him, felt that deep, gnawing want that had been unnamed at one point in time but now called itself
“It’s adorable,” she had cooed as she watched him pack his things. Midterms were finally over for him (though Harvard students like herself still had another week of testing) and Tony was burnt out. He wanted a break before he had to return and start working on his dissertation. School had never been difficult for Tony but he was a perfectionist and wouldn’t accept anything less than stellar marks for himself. The past few weeks had been an indescribable hell filled with massive study sessions and enough caffeine to raise a dead person.
“Thank you, doll,” he sighs. Steve practically preens and presses himself closer to the ground. He doesn’t allow the tray to wobble and Tony certainly notices this “You’re absolutely perfect. Daddy’s gonna take such good care of you.”
Steve shrugs and settles onto a stool while he waits for their shots and pitcher of beer, “I am not. Craig Johnson was an apprentice at a shop and wanted to show off, so he tattooed me in the bathroom.”
Which, by the way, is filled to the fucking brim with trinkets and knick knacks and goddamn drawings that belong to or are associated with Tony in some way. It’s like all 10X14 square feet of the place is a shrine to Tony Stark and it’s just
noises. Her desperation is so hot, she’s so fucking sexy, and Tony needs her to come because if she doesn’t, he’s going to flip them over and take her in the backseat of this car.
“I understand that it could come off otherwise due to the situation but because of everything that went down with my Tony, I feel like I’m even more aware of things. There were times when I wasn’t very good to Tony Prime; it’s not a mistake I’m going to make twice.”
Jarvis turned on the coffee maker. “I am thankful that Captain Danvers was here to assist in defeating Ultron before he could cause any real damage. Especially now knowing that I would have been erased from existence.”
Like Tony Prime she’d been quick on her feet, cracking jokes while taking out the bad guys. The difference in the armor was quite noticeable and yet you’d never look at it and think it wasn’t capable of doing amazing things. It was so sleek and form fitting in a way he didn’t know armor could be. It almost reminded him of Pepper’s Rescue armor except without the attachments on the back. And naturally Toni wielded it like a second skin.
Either way she totally understood why anyone who saw him might want to climb him like a tree. Even just standing and listening to others talk he tended to command the room. Arms folded or hands resting on his belt, feet shoulder width a part and always ready for action…
“I’m taking that as a compliment,” he replied with a chuckle. “Everyone loves a good mattress. Enjoy your shower.”
for them. I get to threaten him about treating her right while teasing him about not missing a date because—ya know—he might be doing something for me. It’s…it was an adjustment but I’m flexible. I’m good.”
Toni shook her head. “No way. You’ll shoot him and stuff him down the laundry shoot and then I’ll be out one pretty new friend.”
And now here he was living in the Tower when not out on missions. It wasn’t easy having him around. But around he was.
Toni gazed up into his too blue eyes and could see very well why Tony Prime might have kept his emotions on the down low, if he had any. He did—no way he didn’t. “No that’s pretty clear. People are complicated creatures, Cap. They are motivated by a lot of things...” A beat. “I spent a lot of time being the shit person everyone expected me to be, not factoring in what that really meant. Then one day I realize Pepper’s
know is, pinning all your hopes on something in the past is no way to live. You have to look towards the future and what you can accomplish if you want to get anywhere. I believe you can get Steve wherever he wants to go and make it so he can stay there.
One by one the G.I Joe knock offs began to jerk as if they were having a seizure, their movements becoming erratic and janky. Tiny, barely visible sparks of white electricity passed between their eyes and fingertips, causing them to lose their grip on their guns. Wisps of smoke wafted from their ears and upon further inspection Toni could see that they were actually melting. Motors shut down; a few even started to burn in place.
Walking over to the glass fencing that was mostly decorative; Steve looked all around before changing his mind and going over to the steps. He hefted the shield into his hands and then threw it in a clean soundless rapid arc. It bounced with a ping off the gold plating of the side of the building before hitting the suit disengagement platform to sail right back into Steve’s awaiting hand. And he caught it like it was a giant Frisbee, not a weapon made out of a nearly indestructible element.
Steve was standing in front of the tall square windows with his arms folded across his simple button down shirt. He was staring out at the city, face bathed in the multicolored lights reflected in the glass. Toni let her eyes rake over him, shaking her head with a tiny smirk at his shoulder to waist ratio. Who
“I know that,” Steve said a bit stronger than he meant to. “I one hundred percent don’t see her as a substitute for anyone. Honestly when I look at her I just see…Toni.”
“Fuck no. She hit me dead in the chest with her respulors and blew me out a window,” Bucky mused. “Not that I blamed her after what I’d done to her folks and everything. She didn’t want me here and she didn’t want to help me but she did because Natasha asked her to. And, well, she’d read my file so she knew the deal. It wasn’t easy and she still doesn’t like me but she hasn’t sicced her robots on me in a long time so, progress I guess.”
“No. He’s more the type to walk little old ladies across the street. It’s so freaking strange, Pep. My dad spent the better part of my childhood searching for Steve Rogers and when he was found, I don’t know. Happy but bittersweet because he didn’t survive, not that anyone really expected him to after so many years. Then one shows up here and it’s like—it’s surreal to be witnessing what could have been. How he could have helped us with the battle of New York and stuff.” Excitement waning, Toni flopped back onto the couch. “Or how it could have all gone terribly wrong once he withheld vital information about my parents’ deaths from me. Still part of me feels like I would’ve taken it over not having him at all.”
Rhodey folded his arms across his chest. “Alright I get that. Though you didn’t have thoughts like this until Steve showed up, so I wonder if this is more about
Steve smiled but remained quiet so she kept rambling. “For years I walked around with a freaking hole in my chest, I think I could handle whatever cutting this tether would do. Especially if it’s the quickest way to get you back to where you want to be. Maybe I should look into it myself.”
Their…heart to heart the other night had rattled in her brain long after Steve was asleep in his room. Though to be fair most of their conversations tended to linger inside of her mind like spider webs in an old doorway; thick and sticky and hell to get out of your hair. While she still wasn’t a fan of deep conversations that made her turn to self reflection, older age had taught her that sometimes these things were needed. That in order to move forward—to heal—you had to tackle the pain otherwise it would consume you. The creation of B.A.R.F had been her way to help not only herself but others that found themselves stuck in a loop of bullshit.
Exhaling deeply, she ran through several different questions in her mind, trying to pinpoint the one that provided the most amount of information yet wouldn’t tip him off about Steve. “Have you ever heard of something called a Time Wraith?”
Not even Nat or Sam had known but there were times—while on the run—that he’d have given anything for the flip phone tucked into his utility belt to ring. To hear
Bucky rolled his eyes. “I didn’t at first but thanks to Stark I feel a lot like my old self. And yeah I remember that. Shit Stevie. I—I mean it’s good to see you but it’s sad too. I get my head on straight here and learn Steve Rogers died cold and alone. But here you are.” He paused. “Ar—are you okay? You look okay.”
Toni snickered. “Yeah he makes fun of Clint’s sleeve tattoo. He says it looks like a drunken toddler took a crayon to his arm and just went wild. They get along though—I mean they kinda have to because of Nat. No way she’d have two of her favorite people fighting.”
“Hey!” she squawked. “Unless you want to take cold showers for the rest of forever you’ll take that back! And I—share. I share with Rhodey and with Pepper and sometimes Natasha; you’re the unknown here.  You
“Jarvis, did you see Steve hug me? He’s such a sap. I bet he’s been itching to do that since the batting cages.”
“Whoa! Steve, hey look at me!” Warm hands caressed his cheeks. “C’mon handsome show me those pretty baby blues. You know you want to.”
“Actually Stark made it for me. When she gets pissed at me she threatens to turn it into a toaster.”
Or not hurting as much. Aunt Peggy married and had children; she’d had a good life. Maybe every once and a while she’d wondered
“You look like you’re trying to solve one of the Millennium Problems.” Toni closed the door and leaned against it. “I’m not allowed to play because of the whole…you know…genius thing. What’s on your mind, soldier?”
Toni’s thumbs patted at his cheekbones. “Would putting your head between your legs make you feel better? Hell if I looked like you I’d probably keep my head there.”
“No,” Steve replied carefully. Truthfully. “No I guess it wouldn’t be. Doesn’t mean I should stay though.”
Toni wouldn’t pretend that Steve coming out with them was the best idea but she wasn’t about to stop him when it was obviously what he wanted. Not to mention she was excited to see him in action; to actually fight side by side with Captain America. He donned his suit and cowl—if there were consequences to people seeing a Captain America out in the world, they’d deal with them later—and she gave him the shield because, duh. Sure someone at SHIELD might take offence but she figured she could always just lie and say she made a new one. She was a freaking genius; who would claim she couldn’t?
“No Toni.” Steve cut her off. “Removing the tether is one hundred percent out of the question. I won’t—another Stark is
Blinking back to attention, Steve nodded. “Yeah. This reality has huge differences at times but nothing that I haven’t been able to handle. Toni has been a big help though, telling me about stuff that I should know. I guess I’m just lucky I dropped in during a quiet moment.”
Steve hadn’t been particularly happy in Washington while doing his stint for SHIELD. He hadn’t completely hated it; the work was decent and he’d assumed he was making a real difference in the world by saving people and thwarting threats. The city itself was lovely and he’d enjoyed catching up on what he’d missed, something that got only better once Sam entered the picture. However he’d honestly never gelled there. The pipes in his sad little apartment had rumbled at night, and none of his neighbors ever stopped by to say hello. Not even Sharon when she’d been a fake nurse. So really when he wasn’t working he’d just bum around wishing there was something to do. Wondering if he called any of the other Avengers would they pick up?
Plopping down onto her butt, she pulled off her high heels and rubbed at the soles of her feet. “Um. Captain America existed here but he, well, when he was pulled out of the ice he was already dead.” She looked apologetic. “According to the official report that I
Toni eyed Steve thoughtfully. “Better make it triple. Super soldier and Jolly Green could probably shut down an all you can eat buffet.”
She nodded. “That’s what Strange said. I don’t know.” Jiggling the wrench, she nibbled on her bottom lip. “Did you see how well he got on with everyone at dinner? He showed up and it’s like he’s been here all along. And sometimes he looks at me and there is just
“I think it’s more than enough, Toni.” Rhodey reached over and patted her thigh. “Getting him home is no small thing. As for the other stuff, well, we all live with regrets. Whatever unfinished business he and Tony Prime had will just have to remain unfinished. It’s not on
“The Captain jumped out? It worked though! Usually Carol is the one coordinating stuff if she’s around so it’s not like we weren’t used to a bossy Captain. But yeah. If anything else pops up while you’re here feel free to join us out in the field again. You’ll have a snazzy new suit.”
. How sincere and sweet and just a little bit clueless he’d been, when it came to women anyway. But willing to lay down his life for anyone who needed his help.
Rhodey made a face but he was smiling. “And on that note, Steve why don’t we let the science nerds geek out over your test results for a bit. We can…get more acquainted.”
Strange snapped his fingers and the shapes hurried to rearrange themselves, forming red and gold snowflake like links in twin chains that wrapped around Steve’s ankles. “Impatient as ever, Stark. To answer your question
Toni smirked. It wasn’t that Adam didn’t like her per se, more that he’d been a little put off when his mother’s attempts to set them up hadn’t panned out. Mrs. Linley was the
hungry. Ms. Stark’s orders. However if you wish to treat them more as a suggestion I doubt she would mind.”
“What if she isn’t? What if she isn’t waiting for you? What if you being yanked out of that timeline put it back how it was supposed to be and she doesn’t even remember you were there in the first place?”
getting to see it—and man was it a sight to see—but her eyes zeroed in on the large burn marks along his back shoulder. The skin was angry and red, and looked painful as hell. With a jolt she was crossing the room and maneuvering Steve into the bathroom where the lights could be adjusted.
“The Battle of New York was insane but it sounds like yours was too. Loki and the Tesseract. Aliens pouring out of a hole in the sky and the newly formed Avengers trying to stop it all.” He reached for another pancake. “All things considered we worked pretty well together. Fury’s Council sent a nuke that would have destroyed the city and Tony flew it into the portal. Which you did so…”
Their eyes met briefly and Toni watched him swallow, her fingertips tingling with touch memory at how soft the skin of his throat was. For reasons she couldn’t explain—but would probably obsess over later—she was hit with a sudden pang of sadness.
Pulling up the sleeves of her black long sleeved shirt, she held up her right hand, gave it a twist at the wrist and then popped it clean off. Silently she laid it on the table. “The front of the gauntlet broke which was actually a good thing because otherwise I doubt my small fingers would have been able to work the giant finger holes. Nanotech is amazing, Steve. It bonded with the stones easy peasy and then it was just a matter of snapping people back. You know back when I had palladium poisoning and I made that new element to cure myself, I thought I’d felt power when I shoved that arc reactor into my chest…but I was wrong. Those stones man. Those stones.”
After breakfast Toni spent much of the next morning down in her workshop, spinning up glowing blue diagrams while Jarvis scourged the internet for every bit of information that he could find about Time Wraiths. It was just easier to let him separate things that rang true from crackpot theories and odd sci-fi porn. Of which she knew nothing about of course. Steve for his part lounged on the overstuffed couch in the corner with his newly provided sketchbook, indulging DUM-E who apparently wanted to be drawn like a French girl.
Toni smiled a little at the praise and in no time, they’d demolished the remaining soldiers and only caused minor flooding. Afterwards Toni helped turn off the spewing hydrants, promised to help pay for whatever cleanup was needed and then returned to the relative safety of the tower with the others. The armor receded as she made a beeline towards Steve’s room, interested in his thoughts about how they’d done as a
“You know what I mean!” he exclaimed with laughter. “In any case I know you’d be a great mom. There was…after Tony’s funeral we all got together at the cabin and Pepper released this beautiful flower arrangement into the water and in the middle was Tony’s first arc reactor. She’d had it framed with the caption
“You’re a sweetheart,” she said quietly. “But hey everything worked out alright in the end. Rhodey was there for me and I met a really cool kid who turned out to have a good head on his shoulders. He’s gonna be something special one day.”
were probably in his favor. At least that’s what he’d perhaps blindly assumed—giddy optimism Tony had called it.
of America. Not to mention you flew commercial instead of letting me send the jet, so you probably want to get a shower. Ooh Jarvis order us a couple of pizzas and some sushi. Would it be wrong to tell Pepper there is an emergency so that she’ll rush over to eat with us?”
“Captain Rogers’ new things have been delivered to his room,” Jarvis replied wryly. “It will be a pleasure to have you staying with us, Captain.”
She chuckled before turning somber once again. “Seriously though Steve. I know what the serum does for you but you’re not a human pincushion. You might not experience pain like us mere mortals but you
And this time Steve flinches because he really has been burned, “What the fuck?” he snaps, shoving Tony’s chest now. The man barely budges and his eyes are sparkling with anger.
Steve isn’t very familiar with relationships, especially not those of the serious and healthy variety, and the only person he knows that is would be Sam, who only tells him to follow his heart and talk about shit, like Steve’s actually going to listen to
“Come on Tones,” he says, gently poking him. The older man blinks himself awake, the lines around his mouth soft and Steve wants to kiss him stupid, wants to put this down on paper to remember forever.
Sam and Steve never lock their door and he confirmed with Sam that he’d be out anyway, so Tony just walks into the room. He slowly creaks the door open to find Steve splayed out, asleep on their black futon, his laptop balanced on his stomach and still playing the show he must have been watching. Steve is young but he looks it in his sleep, his face slack and strong jaw relaxed. Tony is stupidly endeared and stands in the doorframe watching his boyfriend drift peacefully for a moment.
say yes and they planned a beautiful wedding, a ceremony at the estate in the Hamptons and they got in front of each other and Tony just…couldn’t say the words. “I do,” Tony dreams. He fantasizes about it, but the notion is far off and clouded by an endless fog of possibility. The chances of this going poorly are too high. He’s run the numbers, and numbers don’t lie.
Out of all the rooms in the house, Steve’s is the smallest. It might not actually be, that could be Clint’s, but it feels like it. He has this secondhand brown/black desk that’s made out of real wood and carved to hell from his bored scissor drawings and exacto knife excursions. The desk is cluttered with plants, an old jewelry box he keeps weed in, two lamps (one that works and one that doesn’t), a telephone that’s shaped like a Big Mac, stacks upon stacks of sketch pads, boxes of charcoal, pencils, markers, and cups full of brushes, pens, and erasers, and other various office supplies. The drawers are stuffed full of complete drawings and painting, and lots of tape for some odd reason, and everything there is completely and utterly his. Even the chair, this ugly thing his mother was given by an old coworker, belongs entirely to him and no one else. It’s Steve’s, unable to be shared and unwilling to be given away. Tony eyes it, the posters surrounding it, the burger phone, and Steve’s bed with its cheap plaid bedspread and takes a seat, delicately, in the corner next to the old bookshelf that came with the room. He’s wearing slacks and an unbuttoned shirt and he looks like he might clean the entire house with his presence.
As soon as Toni is in place, Steve rests his big hands on her hips, and gives her a squeeze. Toni is always trying to direct in the bedroom, trying to be as sexy as possible and put on a show for Steve, but he doesn’t need that. He wants her to let go, give herself over to pleasure, and this is the best way to get her to do so. She looks down at him and gives a tentative smile.
Tony rolls his eyes, “Have you met me?” he whispers hotly. Steve’s hands are so huge that his fingers overlap on the back of Tony’s head and he threads those fingers through dark brown curls and
Tony cups Steve’s pecs in his hands, massaging his thumbs over the abused nipples. They’re so pink and perky, like a woman’s breasts almost, and Tony says as much. He kisses a bruise to the left of Steve’s areola and jabs his finger into it. Steve lets out a low groan and goes completely limp. When Tony looks up at his face he’s relaxed, eyes closed like he’s sleeping. Tony stretches up and kisses his spit slick lips, just as rosy Steve’s nipples.
Steve’s scowl deepens, and he takes a step forward in those ridiculous boots, “You know what? You’re right. We did cover this,” he’s in Tony’s face now, his eyes bright with rage, “Guess I’m just confused as to why a genius like you is too fucking
“Don’t think this changes anything,” Steve grunts when he collects himself. Tony just rolls his eyes, knowing for a fact that this changes everything.
Tony lets out a guttural sounding groan, like it’s being ripped from his chest, “And why didn’t you wanna breathe?”
Eventually, they grunt and gasp into each other’s mouths until they wrestle their way to the bed, Steve tossing him on his back unceremoniously and freeing his dick completely from the confines of his uniform pants, stroking his length a few times. He crawls over Tony, jerks the other man’s pants down his thighs just enough to expose his length, and firmly plants his knees on either side of Tony’s thighs. He takes one hand, large and square palmed, masculine and oh so strong, and wraps it none to gently around Tony’s throat, restricting his airway. Rogers looks like an avenging angel (no pun intended), and Tony’s cock leaks a drop of precome as it gets harder for him to breathe, his eyes rolling back in his head.
“So I think I may be a little in love with you,” Steve tells him as they stare at the sea of a bed in front of him. He then promptly throws himself onto the mattress face first. His own cheeks are burning bright red, he knows it, and he has no desire to look Tony in the eyes after that embarrassing mess. Hell, he hadn’t even wanted the man to catch him staring while they were walking through the house, and at least that’s excusable. Declaring love, on the other hand, cannot be dismissed by mere horniness.
Bucky’s right: the show was worth it. Not only did the four of them get high as a fucking kite off of weed and these pretty ass uppers some girl Nat knew vaguely from school sold them, but the pit was crazy. There were hundreds of people, men and women, and there were so many grabbing hands and the music seemed to reach a crescendo whenever there was an epic clash. Steve’s blood had run 200 degrees too hot and his heart, with its delicate sensibilities, could barely handle the rush but he loved it. When they’d managed to drag themselves back to the car, after Bucky threw up twice, and Tony fell into a puddle, they turned the lights on and took stock of their injuries. Natasha, who was the same height as Steve in her boots, sustained many of the same kinds that he did. They both had bruises on their stomachs, and one high on their cheekbones from stray elbows, but Natasha also had a few strands of hair missing and a bloody lip. Bucky’s nose was bleeding all over his front, his eyebrow piercing had nearly been ripped out, and he was limping a little. Tony was behind the wheel, because he was both the least impaired and had the biggest apartment for all of them to crash at. The most he suffered from was a punch to the jaw and a nice little dehydration headache. Steve had tried to stay with him while moshing but that’s a little impossible and plus, that night in bed, Tony had told him how great it was to see him so excited and full of life, flushed down to his ankles with happiness.
“Thanks?” he yells back hesitantly. Sam and Clint emerge from around the corner, nodding their agreement.
Pepper’s plans consist of lots of blues and yellows and she made it very clear that no one was to wear white. No one stands with them, as it would be odd to have groomsmen at such a small affair. Happy runs security and is allowed to be as ridiculous and strict as his heart desires because he knows how Steve feels about their photos being taken without permission. Tony wouldn’t care if Perez Hilton had decided to break in and install cameras in the bedroom, so long as he got to have Steve the way he’s wanted him for so long. He’s nervous and scared but he’s ready, he wants this.
“Baby,” she sighs, starting to grind her hips in a slow circle. Steve sticks his tongue out when she does this, just holds still while she takes that pleasure from him, “Baby, your
“Are you guys sure you wanna bring her in here?” Bucky asks when they pull into a spot across the street from the venue. He looks in the rearview at Clint who shrugs.
Steve and Sam, who walks into the kitchen to find alcohol probably, share a look of complete and utter disbelief at this logic.
“I’m part of the exhibition, actually,” Steve clarified. He rubbed the back of his neck and ducked his head, just to avoid the look in Tony was giving. Steve was aware of his appearance, and he wasn’t surprised that Pepper had assumed he was security. He knew the kind of attention he drew and back then he hadn’t been used to it.
Another first: Steve lets himself be spoiled. They fly privately, enjoy steak and eggs on the plane, and are driven in a big, black Suburban to the cabin. Not once does Steve complain about prices or mutter about how ostentatious the whole endeavor is, and when they pull up to the cabin (which is not really a cabin), he just grins at Tony. His face practically cracks in half with it; his blue eyes bright and pale cheeks flushed with the cold. He’s wearing a turtleneck under one of his stupid plaid shirts, but he’s so damn cute it makes Tony dizzy.
Steve is certainly more subtle than Tony. He doesn’t start taking off work and inviting himself out with Tony and his friends. But he does start cleaning like a madman and disappearing on random errands on his days off, when he generally spends those days pressed up as close as he can to Tony and napping like a cat in a sunbeam. Tony thinks it’s weird. Steve isn’t a good liar or secret keeper and any time Tony asks him if everything is alright Steve just blushes and stammers and acts like a precious little dummy. It would be cute if it weren’t anxiety inducing. Tony can’t bring it up though because he’s not like Steve and if something is wrong he selfishly does not want to know.
but she couldn’t help herself and Steve loved it. He loved seeing Mrs. Three C’s, Toni Stark, out of her mind with pleasure, feeling so good she drooled with it, and the best way to achieve that was to let her saddle on up, sit on his face, and fuck his mouth until she didn’t think she could come again. And then make her come again.
Truth be told, Steve doesn’t pay too much attention to the tour of the house that Tony gives. He’s too busy staring at Tony. He’s graying, a little, at the temples, and his shoulders are broad but not obtrusively so. Steve’s always liked men bigger than him (good thing he’s so little) but that’s always attracted the liked of Rumlow; these stocky angry men forcing themselves into hulking spaces. Tony fits into his own world, he’s made his place and he’s made it comfortable. It’s in the slope of his spine, the dip of his ass, the light tap of his feet against the ground. Steve watches him move in pseudo wonder, undeniably entranced by the sight of him. Just standing next to him makes Steve both stupidly happy and turned on at the same time. So by the time they make it to the bedroom, Steve’s on his way to being half hard from staring at the exposed skin of Tony’s forearms in his fancy pressed shirt and the crow’s feet around his eyes when he smiles.
“what’s going on?” Tony woke up and looking at the two in front on him “Steve, what happened? Go back to bed”
“there’s relatively new stab wound on his abdomen. It’s a little infected, given the makeshift gauze and improper procedure. He’s been in medically induced coma since we went to space so his organs won’t shut down. Helen also told me about the modified Extremis formula, we think it might help with the progress. Should be awake any minute now”
A young boy standing at the door, panting “I had to go back, you leave the door car open” he waves the car keys on his hand
“Alright. So... five years ago, right before Thanos, I was in a place called the Quantum Realm. The Quantum Realm is like its own microscopic universe. To get in there, you have to be small. Like really really small. Hope, she's my... She was my... well she was supposed to pull me out. And then Thanos happened, and I got stuck in there.”
“relax cap, I was fine, I check the reactor that night and found one pin got loose. No big dea –“ Tony words got cut when a door slammed hard on his face knocking him out to the ground for a second, showing the 2012 Hulk screaming at stairs.
Stephen Strange lift his hand and open the orange circles, Tony grabs the protesting kid on his arms and alerting F.R.I.D.A.Y on his glasses
… That guy went to space! And this stupid Boss Baby Protocol technically means I’m in charge so yeah, I’m telling you now. You have a daughter and I could really use your help. I don’t know if Tony are coming back or he also turn into ashes. I don’t know what to do with kids, I once gave my 3 years old nephew money to stop crying, he didn’t stop crying and refused to give me back my money. Oh my god I need to call my mom.”
“From the dawn of the universe, there was nothing. Then, boom! The Big Bang sent six elemental crystals, hurtling across the virgin universe. These Infinity Stones each control an essential aspect of existence.”
The hologram of Rhodey looking at her reluctantly before he nods and signed off. Leaving her alone in the room silently chewing her tears and eat her feelings through the sandwich. She sniffled and quickly wiped her tears away when she hears an abrupt little patter coming to her.
“I wouldn’t even let you touch the stirring wheel, leave alone have you picking Morgan with a car” Steve shakes his head
“hello, miss…” he flipped the chart “Rogers. My name is Tony Stark, I am your doctor today. And my intern here is going to clean your wound. You might going feel a little tingling on your hand. So, what do we have here?” he looked at the x-ray scans
“gosh I’m a mess.” Steve rubbing his face with his palm “I haven’t been able to concentrate at my work since yesterday. We were about to pitch new design when I got the call” Steve grabs another container and start eating next to him.
“he did, I just being polite and let it slide. I even let it slide when he smacked my ass. I’m generous like that”
“rule is rule. You need to sit on the waiting room. Besides, you’re not a scrub nurse. I will let you choose the doctors and the staff for the OR. But if you pick Hammer, I will riot”
“she’s coding” he moved forward and checking her hand “there’s no pulse. Cracked open the cast now” he told one of the nurses and interns to assist
His cries quietened after a while, but Tony can feel Steve hand still wrapping his waist, even when Steve started to dozed off. Carefully, he wiggled but Steve stirred and started to woken up.
“They look happy. I thought… I thought looking at her would feel like a punch in a gut.  Like a reminder of what could have been. But all I felt was sadness, but also relieve. Like a weight being lift up from my shoulder. It’s like I finally having –“
The elevator ride is long, bumpy and Tony can’t stand the odd look the lady giving them both. Stepping a foot shielding Steve, he raised his head and glaring at the button in front of him. Dashed out of the elevator he faced Steve for the last time and wave him good luck.
Tony leaned forward the kitchen counter, eyeing the kid sitting in front of him, bibs on her neck smeared with cheese sauce along with her face and her hand
“I’m sorry kid, but your daddy can’t eat cheeseburger yet” Tony’s heart monitor beeping rapidly sending signals when the source of familiar voice greets him
“four years old with an open fracture. CT shows ulna fracture and potential nerve injury due to the swelling”
Tony can hear Pepper yawn from her bed trying her best to stay awake “let’s say I might just figure out something”
“See, the rules of the Quantum Realm aren't like up here. Everything is unpredictable. Hey say kid can I have some sandwich? I'm starving.” He grabbed the rest of the sandwich from Morgan’s plate
“What can I say. Unlike Bucky, I’m loveable” Tony got up and pulled Steve closer and kiss his lips before dragging their bodies to the couch.
Howard Stark actually acted before he was a father? If it was the latter then it must me who turn him into an awful parent I remembered.
Tony watched Dodger sitting on the chair unbothered by Steve’s annoyed huff and staring back to Tony. The man is watching in amusement how Dodger couldn’t care less how Steve bribing the dog with his favorite dog treats. Glancing at the resigned look on Steve face before he moved his plate to another chair next to Dodger.
“she missed you” Steve also looking at her, sitting next to Tony’s bed “she wrapped everyone under her fingers”
. He looks up as a deafening noise breaks the silence in the distance. As he stands up, a shiny sport car is speeding towards the entrance of the compound. The car pulls over a bit too far from his spot, only to reverses back to him. The window’s roll down and he can see his own reflection on Tony Stark Designers sunglasses.
Steve just smiled and slide his hand on Tony’s waist, kissing the man deeper when suddenly he jolted up and feel some sharp teeth on his toe.
“Tony” Steve rose from his seat, stopping him and grabbing his hand “I get it. And I'm happy for you, I really am. But this is our second chance.”
“you know, I used to have nothing. And then I got this. This job... this family. And I was... I was better because of it. And even though... they're gone... I'm still trying to be better.”
“there’s no such thing as perfect parent. I get it now. Sever years and I’m still stumbling around. We would argue over small unimportant stuff, I need to tell her why I can’t buy anything she wants even though it was nothing to me to buy her stuff. No amount of money would made parenting any less hard.” Tony saw Steve signalling him from a far, giving him a thumbs up. “I think I get my father now, he did his best. Everything will be alright. Thank you– for everything– good bye.” He adds before Howard Stark get inside of his car.
“Oh good,” Steve breathes. Nosing past the neat curls of her pubic hair, Steve buries his face in her cunt. She’s so wet already, like always. Steve slowly licks the lips of her pussy, gone fat with arousal, just running the tip of his tongue over her sensitive skin. Toni gasps quietly, holding her breath and clenching one hand into a fist. She always gets so worked up and it’s so fucking cute that Steve can’t help but smile as he sucks her labia into his mouth, one and then the other. Toni whimpers. It’s such a great tease because both of them know that this isn’t about his skill or the mood or anything like that. This is just about Tony. Steve’s cock is slowly stiffening in his briefs but he ignores this in favor of giving her all of his attention. He opens his mouth wide and licks around her slick opening, feeling Toni’s poor, empty pussy clench in anticipation as he continues his ministrations. Toni is still quiet up above him, but her eyes are drifting closed as she starts to lose herself. She moves her hand to his hair.
“Oh look how pink,” Tony exclaims gleefully. He flicks at the clamps on Steve’s nipples, watching as they briefly go white with tension before the red flares up again. He’s probably going to bruise. Steve’s skin is so lovely and sensitive, Tony wishes he could torture him like this forever. As it is, he’s being pretty greedy; Steve can take it longer than most. “You’re so fucking cute, too. You think you can hide how much you like it,” he chuckles. He focuses on the other nipple now, toying with the clamp. It’s almost like an experiment, something he can study and collect data for. Steve, kneeling on the floor between Tony’s spread legs, blinks owlishly up at him. His face is as red as his poor nipples. Tony kisses his forehead.
In other versions he just stands there, tongue cut out of his mouth and drooling blood all over the nice three piece suit dream Pepper picked. Or maybe he attempts to say the words and Steve laughs, his face twisting into an unfamiliar cruel mask that makes Tony’s stomach sour. Sometimes (the worst times) Tony wants to say the words and then his brain starts making louder noises than his mouth and he just
“Uh, what?” Tony asks eloquently, looking up at his boyfriend. Steve fixes him with a look over his shoulder.
Anyway, Steve’s right and Rumlow is in a pissy mood so after a few rough kisses, Brock’s pushing him into the couch they keep in the basement and pulling his skinny jeans off of his body to jab a few lubed fingers at his hole. It’s a quick fuck, nice and dirty and Steve would be lying if he said that Brock didn’t fuck a mind numbing orgasm out of him. He leaves with a few nice bruises on his hips and wrists, a sort of raspy voice from having his throat fucked, and pleasant, floaty, untouchable soreness everywhere else.
“Start all over?” Tony interrupts gently, sensing that Steve is working himself into a panic. It’s not an illogical fear, having to start your life over. Tony knows that Steve was not the most social, healthy kid for the majority of his childhood. His extensive amount of time spent in the hospital made for a great academic mind, as he had ample time to read and write and study, but it also meant that he pretty much had one friend his whole life until the later years of high school. When he and Bucky came to Brown together Steve had come out of his shell some, but only Tony, Sam, and Bucky knew just how difficult that had been for him. He’d been terribly uncomfortable socializing for the better half of his freshman year and crew is pretty much to blame for the unexpectedly large size of his social circle as it is. Tony wants nothing more than to protect the small, scared parts of Steve and shelter him from the whole world, but Tony also knows that if Steve doesn’t let himself out of his comfort zone and experience all the world has to offer he’ll regret it.
In the morning, Tony rolls over to find himself alone in bed. It’s not surprising. Most of the time, if he actually makes it to sleep at the same time as Steve, his boyfriend will rise earlier than him to get his run in. He isn’t sure if Steve is running this morning, but he’s always been an early riser. What is surprising, however, is the little sticky note attached to a pillow.
“He’s been here since last night. Jane next door hit him and we took him to the vet and they saved him, like I said they would. And now he’s here.”
did this happen?” he drunkenly groans. Clint is sitting on the floor in front of him, rubbing happily at Lucky’s belly and drinking Patron from a sippy cup. Steve hasn’t a clue why they own a sippy cup, but it makes quite the image so he hasn’t said anything. He’s looking forward to Sam coming home and seeing this shit only to roll his eyes and run upstairs to his room regretfully. Those kinds of reactions really make Steve’s day and he could use a pick me up.
Tony goes completely still though. Like, stops breathing, the smile that might have been on his face completely gone, the arms wrapped around Steve’s skinny frame slack in their grip still, and Steve is even more confused. The night had been one of their better ones; no fighting just fucking and a shared tab of something special, and the morning was going okay, if a little rocky. But that was expected, Steve was used to this now. When they weren’t fucking or were sober, they weren’t the same, and he got that it was his fault, but never this. Never has Tony ever gone from
wakes up there too, it’s rare that he drapes himself all over the other man when they sit and watch movies, he doesn’t even steal off of Steve’s plate. He’s never been a particularly dependent person, if only because he didn’t grow up accustomed to physical affection and the things that make a person that way. Steve’s gotten used to that too, has probably grown to expect the occasional brush of their hands or hugs and is now slightly uncomfortable with Tony rubbing all over him like a cat. Tony winces internally. That would suck.
“They’re all gone,” a voice says suddenly from behind the refrigerator door. Steve, with a carton of orange juice in one hand a bottle of Corona in the other, turns and immediately tries to brandish the beverages as a weapon. Except it’s just Tony. Tony in a pair of
Just as Steve is about to add in his two cents, because no one gets to tell an epic story like that and
The ceremony goes off without a hitch, much to everyone’s surprise. The two of them walk  down the aisle together, smiling at the guests in their pretty white seats as they do so. Sarah Rogers sits in the front row wearing a gifted designer dress that flows in the light breeze, tears in her eyes and beaming. She clasps her hands together and watches on proudly, occasionally dabbing at her face with tissues. She’s as blotchy and red as her son, who will stand with squared shoulders and allow tears to fall as he declares his vows. Surrounding her are the people who have so graciously allowed Tony into their lives; Bucky and his family, Sam and Natasha, Rhodey and Pepper. Bucky is holding both his mom’s hand and Sarah’s, his sisters look a little weepy. Behind them are some family friends, a few people that Tony’s parents used to associate with pretty heavily and even Steve’s college crew coach.
“We fuckin’ get it,” Bucky slurs, slobbing on himself. His lip is fat and bloody, his knuckles are scraped to hell and back, and he’s sitting on the ground in an alley with a can of beer pressed to his temple while they wait for Natasha to exit the bar they were just in. Thankfully it wasn’t one of Tony’s, or that would’ve been a mess in and of itself (who gets banned from their boyfriend’s place of business?), but now it means the 6 of them are stupid drunk in public and need to figure out where they’re going to go to avoid getting arrested for assault and or public intoxication. As it is Bucky and Natasha could face some pretty serious charges for making a grown man cry and Clint could be getting there in his irritation with Steve talking nonstop about his undying love for a certain Anthony Stark.
Steve just laughs, however, “Oh but you do, Stark. You could have anyone and yet here you are, so hard and wet and about to pop, just for me. Just admit it sweet thing, you’ve been—oh
“Yes please,” Steve grins. Tony moves his hand to the small of Steve’s back, gently guiding him through the thinning crowd of people.
They’re lying in Tony’s bed watching the sun rise when it happens. Steve is tangled in the expensive sheets like some silver screen starlet, his face pressed into Tony’s chest and kissing at him absently, fingers creeping across his tan skin, listening to the rumble of his voice as they talk quietly. They haven’t gone to sleep yet, having slept all day the day before and pretty much fucked all night, but Steve’s not really tired. Instead he’s thinking, unfortunately, about how much he’d like to have this every morning, this pleasantly worn out, warm all over feeling.
to himself maybe two minutes ago and already he’s about to lose this man. Because that’s what Steve does, apparently. He’s the guy who lets love leave. And it pains him to know that. It pains him to know that he’s had to deal with men like Brock Rumlow and settle for the affection of men who can’t stand themselves, let alone him, and now that he has this real tangible possible love in the palm of his fucking hands he doesn’t know how to treat it because it took him too long to see.
“N-not as much as y-you’d prefer, maybe,” he stammers, trying to focus. Steve likes this, likes holding conversations when Tony is in the throes of passion. The other man has difficulties concentrating at the best of times, so all bets are off when his dick is out and being played with so perfectly. A rare blush rides high on his cheeks, turning his tan skin the perfect shade of dusty rose. Steve presses a kiss to his jaw, noses behind his ear.
to help her. And then she was afraid to get on the bus, I don’t know I think that guy had been following her or something, so I gave her the keys to Buck’s car and told her to get lost. I took the bus.”
“I’ve never needed saving. I’ve never needed anyone to promise me they’d be there in my darkest hour, or tell me they’d do anything to protect me. I’ve done those things for myself too many times over to need that, or to trust anyone else to do it. But Steve, honey, I trust you. You’re like…my hero,” he laughs, feeling half crazed with the emotions that are flowing through him, “You’re the man I trust to help me save myself.”
It takes a while for Bucky to bring it up, but Steve was waiting so it’s not like he’s shocked when his best friend finally does. Bucky has never been really fond of any of the guys Steve has messed around with, other than himself, and mostly for good reason, so it’s not like his weariness it’s unwarranted. It’s just that Steve is happy and he doesn’t need Bucky’s pessimism to shit all over it. He does that enough subconsciously and it’s nice not having someone else doing it, confirming all his weird self loathing shit.
Swallowing thickly, he sniffed and went about his brief morning routine. He had everything he needed thanks to Pepper and once he was done, he pulled on a grey t-shirt and headed to the elevator.
Steve blinked slowly and a tear he didn’t even know had formed slipped over onto his cheek. “I thought we’d all survive. On paper it all sounded so easy. Just get the stones and bring everyone back. Thanos was dead so all we had to do was snap everyone back. It should have been easy.”
She huffed and dragged a hand through her long wet dark hair but darted into the alley, sending the water in the puddles splashing up as she looked for it. She found it wedged between the dumpsters and threw it into the backseat before diving back under the wheel. “You better have like, a life saving organ in there or something. Shit. Hospital.”
“I lost mine before Stevie did. You can thank Hydra for that.” Bucky grinned and hopped up onto the counter. “C’mon Stark it would really help me out. And don’t tell me you don’t relish the thought of building something that cool.”
Chuckling, he looked at her over his shoulder. “Why don’t we both go shirtless? I hold the flag and you hold…a piece of iron?”
other solution he would have taken it in a heartbeat.” Strange squared his shoulders, glancing down as his cape nuzzled against his cheek. “
Toni smiled though it didn’t reach her eyes. “Morgan was Pepper’s eccentric Uncle’s name; I liked him. You know I’m happy that Tony Prime got to be a dad and experience that even if it was just for a little while. Howard was—well he a disaster and I always said if I ever had kids I’d make sure they knew how much they were loved. I’d make sure they felt heard.” She bit the inside of her cheek. “I thought Pepper and I might give it a go. Either pick a donor or maybe try to get Rhodey to do it. Kids brought into the world by all the people I love…”
But tonight as going to be fun, she could tell it already. The food had been steadily arriving since Jarvis had placed the orders and Rhodey was freshly showered and lounging near the living room, making small talk with Steve. They seemed to be getting along though she’d figured as much. They were both very likeable and similar however sometimes Steve got that look in his eyes. The one that whispered secrets about another Rhodey in another reality….one that was now missing his best friend. Really it was enough to make Toni wanna spirit him here so that he’d never have to be sad again. If one Rhodey was awesome then two Rhodeys would be downright tremendous.
They made their way back inside and she finally remembered that her clothes were still damp. “Jarvis did the stuff I asked Pepper to get arrive yet or do I need to start on a highly disappointing email?”
“I—well I wasn’t thinking that but now I am. Don’t worry Mr. Rogers I’ll make sure everyone knows what a fabulous ass you have as you fight the forces of evil. People will salute it as you toss bad guys into store front windows.”
While he’d talked with Bucky she’d received the third degree from Natasha not that she’d expected anything different. She’d told the truth as she knew it and how she was just trying to help a new friend navigate his new surroundings. Thankfully Natasha had believed her which meant Steve would live to see another day. No doubt Nat was going to look into
robot and honestly, I’d rather go back to making weapons than do something that creepy. If I haven’t built myself a boyfriend or girlfriend I’m not taking the time to build him a second girlfriend.”
hasn’t always thought so but that doesn’t make it any less true. Now I suppose after all the drama she’s more mellow. Doesn’t let certain things bother her anymore. On the outside anyway.” Rhodey turned his head to look at him. “She’s not a substitute for anyone. She’s her own person.”
Of course Toni had plans to badger Barnes a bit too but fluttering her lashes at him didn’t have any of the effect it did for Nat. That was probably for the best considering the can of worms it would open.
He smiled. “No I knew you could handle it. I just—it’s not something that needs to be advertised. Honestly it’s not something I like to think about…and there was no need for Bucky to know.”
He found Toni sitting at the table with one leg up against her chest, idly swiping on her tablet. There was a stylus stuck in her bun and upon closer inspection he realized she had a single streak of white in her hair on the left side. It was a testament to how fucked up he’d been last night that he hadn’t noticed it before. Then again it was possible she’d put it in this morning.
Tony laughed. “Hey it’s okay I’m just messing with you. I know it’s pretty eye catching. I usually keep it covered with the arc reactor but I don’t think aliens will be attacking today. And if they do I have you now.”
“only if you promised to visit her as a family member and not as a Nurse. That means not coming near the charts or any nurse stuff, capiche?”
“here’s the last box” Steve lift and walked to their bedroom to place the box with the word “socks” written on the side “are you seriously have a whole box only for socks? How many socks did you own? You only have two legs”
