That was another lie he used to tell himself, that it didn’t make a big difference when feelings were involved. It became clear how grossly mistaken he was the second Cas laid hands on him, kissed him tenderly and held him close like he really mattered – when Dean let him into his space even though he was afraid, because despite whatever reservations he held onto, it only took one rushed instance of long-awaited contact to make him realize that the risk was worth it. It only took one more time, slow and tender in the room they now share, to be absolutely sure that this was all he was ever gonna need.
in the idea, because he absolutely is. But they’ll get there. He doesn’t know what Cas’s expectations are. He doesn’t know what his own expectations are, to be honest. He’s completely out of his depth, but that’s as exhilarating as it is nerve-racking.
Cas quirks an eyebrow at him, and if Dean didn’t know any better, he’d say there’s a trace of a smirk on Cas’s face. “It seems there’s a lot you don’t know about me.”
Dean glares again. Cas thinks he's so fucking smart. A nebulous voice in Dean's mind recognizes that Cas probably has a point, but there's no way that Dean is going to undress in front of him. He's not gonna give Cas the satisfaction—of admitting he's right, that is. Not that it would satisfy Cas in… any
He can just grab Cas by the lapels of that stupid trench coat, haul him forward and bring their lips together, kiss that gorgeous bastard right on his smirking mouth because hey, it’s
“God, Cas,” Dean breathes, blinking back tears. Not even the most outlandish fantasy could have prepared him for this. “I—I’m not good at this.” He forces a weak laugh. “I was way better at it in dreamland, but—” Where does he even begin? He inhales deeply, bolstered by the patience and, fuck,
Dean can scarcely breathe when Cas looks at him like that. “Let me help you,” he implores, sliding off Cas’s gloves and plucking at his armor. Dean helps him remove it bit by bit – something a servant would do, but those roles don’t seem to mean much between the two of them – and it’s a relief as each piece falls away, breastplate carefully unlatched and removed, chainmail lifted off and cast to the floor.
After Sam is kind enough to pick up some cake and champagne, they gather around the table for a more official celebration. Dean insists that he and Castiel feed each other their first bites of cake, and Castiel is happy to indulge him, captivated by the delight in Dean’s eyes as Castiel raises his fork to Dean’s mouth. It’s not long before Dean’s flushed and giddy from alcohol, pressing into Castiel’s space and kissing him, uncaring of the fact that Sam’s still with them.
Dean knew from the jump that bringing Cas along on a job with one of Dean’s, uh… former flames was risky, but clearly that hadn’t been enough to stop him. He kept expecting his terrible decision-making to bite him in the ass, and looking back on it now, it’s even clearer that things could’ve turned out bad.
Dean peers up at Cas’s face, gets a glimpse of a faint lazy smile as Cas threads his fingers through Dean’s hair. Cas lets his head loll back against the pillow, giving Dean more access as he kisses his neck again, steadily working his way down, Cas’s skin warm and smooth beneath his lips. Cas sighs and arches into it when Dean scrapes his teeth against a nipple, rolls the other between his fingers. Dean runs his hands down the length of Cas’s body, skimming over his ribs and settling on the sharp cut of his hipbones only briefly, sliding beneath Cas to get a handful of his ass because god
in his eye when he pulls back to study Dean’s face, fingers sliding through his hair in a firm grip – not tight enough to hurt, but enough for Dean to feel it, for Cas to make sure that he’s got Dean’s full attention.
Dean’s idly wondering which one of them is going to lose it first, but then Cas, the filthy cheater, slips a hand between them to wrap his long clever fingers around Dean’s cock, and Dean knows he’s done for. Even a little drunk, Cas still knows the perfect pressure, speed, slickness—everything he needs to get Dean off with relentless precision. Cas was determined to learn him from day one, thorough and attentive and dedicated to applying each new discovery with care and enthusiasm until Dean’s a sobbing wreck.
Dean hears the bitterness, the guilt in Cas’s tone clear as day, wants nothing more than to soothe his worries. “You didn’t,” he says, and that’s not a lie. Dean never once felt like Cas even came close to actually losing his grip on his power. Dean would probably be a pile of ash if that had happened. “You just got, uh… enthusiastic. And it was
Castiel still sees Dean throughout the day, has to fight to keep his expression and tone neutral as he bids good night to him in the evening and watches Dean wander off without him.
As the initial shock fades, Dean purses his lips and shifts awkwardly; that word doesn’t seem right, not for Dean. He doesn’t want to tell Cas no, though, doesn’t have the energy, eyes darting away from Cas’s too-earnest gaze.
“Are you?” Castiel says vaguely, feigning disinterest to get a rise out of Dean – as if there’s any disguising the desire he feels.
Dean laughs and steps into Cas’s space. It’s so refreshing that Cas isn’t meek and deferential. Not with Dean.
“Don’t bullshit me, Cas. You know damn well you’ve been avoiding me. I haven’t seen you in days and when you’re here you can’t even look me in the fucking eye. You seriously gonna tell me that’s
doesn’t seem like something Dean’s seen before. He’d remember. There’s no way Cas has been hiding all that under a trench coat.
His face is still burning as he gets himself cleaned up and crawls back into bed, and he doesn’t know how long he lies there staring at the ceiling, trying to settle his racing mind, but he’s overcome by exhaustion before he can overthink himself into a panic.
Cas draws back and reaches for the lube as Dean turns onto his stomach. He stifles a gasp, the soft drag of the blankets on his erection fucking
, Dean thinks disdainfully, fidgeting under Cas’s scrutiny. “It’s like, you know, a tradition, or whatever.”
Oh, god, Cas is coming, groaning Dean’s name again, and just the idea of it has Dean hurtling over the edge too, driven to climax just from this, dick pulsing hard, still trapped in the fabric of his pants, smearing messily against his skin.
Dean only hesitates for a second before making a decision. “They’ve already got us on film doing worse,” he says casually, leaning in again. He catches sight of Cas’s wicked grin before meeting Dean more than halfway, kissing the breath out of him.
that Dean has shared this with him – they haven’t explored it much, but Castiel expects that will change. He’s looking forward to it.
to say something, but before he can think himself into a panic, Cas reaches out towards the bedside lamp.
Castiel is still learning to trust that Dean will speak up if he doesn’t like something, learning to prompt Dean on his own if he’s especially uncertain. There were moments of doubt tonight, moments when he wasn’t sure if a gasp and a hiss meant pleasure or pain, if the pain was unwelcome or the strange and
“Anyway,” Sam says, “I’m gonna see what his employees have to say. Bet someone around here’s got some dirt.” He turns to Dean expectantly. “You coming?”
“Are you kidding me?” Dean grumbles, lifting the box up, scanning the carpet around them to no avail. So much for there not being any losers.
There’s no way Castiel, observant as he is, would miss it, the way Dean’s gaze briefly meets his own and then dips almost imperceptibly lower, only to retreat, skittish, self-conscious. Castiel’s suddenly so tired of dancing around this, refuses to squander these opportunities any longer when they’re so few and far between, so quick to slip away. Castiel could be gone by tomorrow, and he knows that takes a toll on Dean. Castiel hates to do it. The departure takes its toll on him too, not knowing exactly where he stands with Dean, what it is he’s leaving behind, but being absolutely certain that he
He’s not usually fluent in the dirty talk, despite his bravado and tendency to run his mouth, but he might have to do it more often if this is the effect it has on Cas, scraping his teeth along his shoulder, driving into him harder and more sloppily than ever.
by what he sees. “I’m glad you’re enjoying yourself,” Cas says, still so soft and sincere, even in the middle of something like this, thumb teasing at Dean’s spit-slick bottom lip.
Castiel smiles against the back of his neck, knowing that Dean’s likely too out of it to remember this. Castiel will just have to tell him again in the morning, and countless times after that.
She’s taken every opportunity to make her intentions clear, short of announcing them outright, and Dean’s reacted just neutrally enough not to totally discourage her. Cas’s displeasure’s been palpable, but he was, tragically, too focused on solving the case to let his feelings interfere. He kept asking the right questions, taking her statement seriously, showing genuine concern for her well-being even though Dean’s sure if the circumstances weren’t so dire Cas wouldn’t be nearly so charitable towards her.
Cas is better than that, that’s what makes it so fun when he lets go and acts like he is decidedly not above base emotions, gets all grumpy and demanding and handsy. Because that’s not who he is, not really, so Dean has nothing to worry about. Cas isn’t some insecure asshole who treats Dean like an object instead of a person, just something to be owned and selfishly guarded. If anything, Cas treats Dean more like a person than anyone else ever has.
. Dean’s never really wanted to shout anything from the rooftops before, but he’s starting to get why that’s a thing now.
that Cas just likes being with Dean so much, in any capacity. Dean’s never gone to bed with someone who’s so happy to be there with him, just because of who he is, not how he looks or any “skills” he brings to the bedroom. Cas makes him feel worthy.
Cas tucks his fingers in as he carefully pushes forward that last little bit, and then he’s fully seated inside Dean, his
Cas gets up for his third cup of coffee and something in Dean snaps. “Hey, Fabio,” he says derisively, “How about you save some coffee for the rest of us?”
A tense silence ensues when their eyes meet, their proximity difficult to ignore. “I’ll just—” Dean attempts, and even in the faint light filtering through the threadbare curtains, Castiel can make out a light tinge of pink on his cheeks. But he doesn’t grow irritable at himself, at
,” he says bitterly. Fuck, he should know better than to underestimate Cas, especially when it’ll keep him from nervously rambling on like a complete asshole.
For the first mile, all Dean can think about is how close they are, how the backs of their hands brush together with every step. What it might be like if Dean bridged the gap completely and tangled their fingers together.
Castiel can’t help but smile, warm with the knowledge that Dean seems to like being affectionate with him too. He pours Dean’s coffee and sets it in front of him, pleased with himself for not having to ask how Dean takes it. Castiel pays attention to those things, is even more dedicated to that now that he can picture the life they’ll spend together. He covets every potential piece of knowledge, wants to know everything he can do to make Dean happy. The most amazing discovery he’s made is that it seems like just being here is enough for Dean.
That’s when Dean realizes that Cas is slowly walking towards him, and Dean’s face burns as Cas gives him a shameless once over. His stomach flips with a mix of excitement and apprehension.
,” Cas groans in response, “Yes, that’s it.” And Dean can see through his haze of arousal that Cas is touching himself in earnest now, not so unaffected after all.
with Dean in some way, the threat of anyone else touching him, is enough to make Castiel act like an animal? It’s absolutely ridiculous. He knows with more certainty than ever that he’s got nothing to be concerned about—it took them far too long to get there, but Dean’s affections for him are indisputable, stronger every day, and Castiel reciprocates them equally. There’s no reason for him to act out in such an undignified way. It’s beneath him.
Later, when they’re both sweaty and sated, Dean turns to him with a smile that makes Castiel’s slowing heartrate speed right back up, curling in close without prompting, tucking himself against Castiel’s side like he belongs there. And as far as Castiel’s concerned, he does.
In his periphery, Castiel can see Dean stretch out on the bed, making himself comfortable. “Wake me up if you find anything,” he says, words half-muffled against a pillow.
Castiel has grown to enjoy sleep. He finds it restful, even if he doesn’t truly need it to restore energy, his grace more than capable of filling that role on its own. Of course, for all that sleeping is strictly voluntary on Castiel’s part, mornings still seem infinitely disagreeable. He's not an early riser, by any means, but he found himself stirring at the break of dawn today, woken by birds chirping in the pale sunshine – and maybe it was just that that roused him from sleep, the noise and the light streaming through the window, but maybe it was something else entirely. Maybe he has other things on his mind that render deep sleep a mere fantasy.
it because yeah, Dean’s so here for Cas losing himself in this too. He clears his throat again. “If you haven’t noticed, I’m kind of on board with that.” He pauses, feels his face heating. “Okay,
“That sounds more like it,” Cas says with a note of approval that settles warmly in Dean’s stomach. He’s got Dean spread open now, breath ghosting over him intimately – he’s
, officially now, according to his watch. The dishes can wait. He’s ready to turn in himself, but he can’t ignore the fact that Cas is lingering, hovering in the doorway, seemingly lost in thought. Cas is often preoccupied, but Dean still worries as he always does, approaches him slowly, brow furrowed in concern.
, already knows he’ll do whatever Cas says – within reason, of course, but it’s hardly in Cas’s nature to go beyond reason where Dean is concerned. Cas takes good care of him; Dean knows that much already.
as he traced the achy spots with his fingers. He’d been imagining the way they’d darken up by morning, leave a physical reminder of their night together, how much
“Uh,” Dean says, straightening up as Cas approaches the table and puts his bag down. “Hey.” He swallows down a
He’s in Buffalo with Cas, investigating a case that’s been pretty mundane so far – as mundane as things can be in their line of work, at least. They’ve been interviewing all day, extracting relevant information where they can before following up on any potential leads they uncover.
. It used to send him reeling back, stumbling out of bed with some flimsy excuse, but now he can admit it makes him feel safe and content to be in Cas’s arms, and so goddamn lucky, not a place in the world he’d rather be.
The implication isn’t lost on Castiel, and he’s nearly undone by a sudden pang of desire just at the idea of it. “You’d let me do that?”
“Look,” Sam says, standing up and glancing down at Dean.  “Obviously your mind’s hung up on something. Maybe you just need to find some way to work it out of your system.”
He locks eyes with Cas again and finds himself breaking out into a goofy grin. He’s not even that drunk, just riding high on a surge of liberation and how fucking gone he is over Cas. Because Cas is hot shit, of course – it’s no mystery why people are falling all over him – but just being able to have Cas by his side is a heady feeling, gives him a rush he can’t chalk up to the booze. Dean doesn’t keep looking over his shoulder because he’s scared Cas will be gone, he’s just always grateful for the reminder that he’s still here.
that Dean swears he feels it all the way down to his toes. Any self-consciousness is well worth the effort, just for that. Cas’s hand trails back down to Dean’s face, curling under his jaw, thumb tracing Dean’s chin. “What do you want?”
He stares in awe, knees quaking. The radiant form in front of him is too bright to see properly, too impossibly
Castiel knows he’s not imaging the fact that something feels different between the two of them once they get back to the bunker. He misses it shamefully, the convenient excuse he had when they were on the road to spend as much time with Dean as possible, that unspoken intimacy that came with Castiel maintaining a steady presence even while Dean slept.
Castiel cups Dean’s face in one hand, thumb wiping away a tear before it spills onto his cheek. “I couldn’t rush this.”
did this. With Cas living in the bunker, slumming it like a human, Dean had almost forgotten what he was capable of, and this is how Cas chose to remind him. There are countless small but vital things that Cas decided were a waste of his power, but not this. Making a dramatic gesture for Dean… apparently, that’s worth it.
He’s aiming for flippant and cocky, as he so often is, but it’s easy for Castiel to tell how Dean’s simmering with arousal at the idea of it. Castiel’s in a similar state, now that he’s imagining it, granted permission to indulge.
him for saving her life. The weighty pause, the lilt in her voice are more than enough to get her point across, but the glint in her eye really drives it home. Dean can’t say the offer is out of the blue – her interest in Dean’s been obvious from the moment they first spoke—and it’s hardly the first time that him playing the hero and killing the bad guys has attracted someone’s attention. Of course, it used to happen a lot more when he actively encouraged that kind of thing, when a pretty face could so quickly break him out of whatever thin veneer of professionalism he’d cloaked himself in, had him whipping out a cocky grin and a cheesy line to see if that got him anywhere.
Dean realizes he’s been caught in his reverie, and when he glances up, Castiel swears his eyes are shining with emotion. “Can’t believe it,” he tells Castiel quietly, voice unexpectedly raw and shaky. Castiel can’t quite believe it either – for them to have met the way that they did, to have endured so much together and still end up
Dean’s panting, sweat beading on his hairline, and it should be humiliating that he’s a mess and Cas still looks so put together, but he’s come to rely on that in Cas, needing Cas as an anchor when he feels like falling apart.
– and again Dean’s reminded of the very first time they did that, caught off guard and scrambling to cover their tracks.
), enchanted by the smattering of freckles on his cheeks and nose, his green eyes strikingly lovely even in the harsh florescent light. He’s so
“Can’t believe I’m gonna sleep with a married man,” Dean says cheekily when they shut the door behind them, looking rather pleased with himself as Castiel pushes him onto the mattress.
Dean’s grinding against the bedding as if he could get off again – despite how weak he is for this, that’s not likely to happen, but it’s no doubt surprisingly close. He sighs in contentment, coaxing out the last feeble pulses and eagerly lapping them up. He keeps going until the stimulation becomes too much for Castiel and not a moment before, not willing to give this up any sooner than he has to.
He reaches for the soap, uncertain how Cas will react. But as Dean slowly lathers himself up, Cas just
He still flushes at the compliment and pastes on a grin, hoping to deflect focus from his burning face. “Not so bad yourself,” he replies. He was aiming for a sort of flirty, casual confidence, but his words come out breathy and sincere. He doesn’t even mind; being emotionally honest isn’t scary anymore either. The way he feels about Cas isn’t exactly a secret. Dean reaches out and lets his fingers brush against Cas’s jaw, relishing the scratch of stubble. Five o’clock shadow looks damn good on Cas.
Dean can’t stand it any longer. He reaches out and pulls Cas’s face towards his, letting out a satisfied groan when their lips meet.
Cas spares him from needing a response, perhaps sensing that Dean’s reaching his limit for emotional honesty. “What would you like to do today?” he asks, thumb tracing the line of Dean’s cheekbone.
“Good morning,” he replies, composing himself. “Did you sleep well?” It’s not like he doesn’t already know the answer, how peacefully Dean rested with Castiel keeping an eye on him.
Dean knows an invitation when he sees one, especially one so unsubtle. He coaxes Cas to lean in closer, hands gripping the lapels of Cas’s jacket as their lips meet. This time neither of them is quick to pull away, indulging in it slow and thorough. Cas’s hand is hot on Dean’s hip and it makes his brain short circuit a little. He didn’t know Cas was so tactile – though he didn’t often offer Cas the opportunity – but Dean’s sure as hell glad that Cas is taking advantage of it now. It makes Dean wonder about all the times Cas has had to hold himself back, and he’s eager to find out what happens when he doesn’t.
Cas, understandably, furrows his brow at Dean’s statement. “You think he’d lie about locking the door?”
“None of your business, Sammy,” Dean replies, voice muffled through the packet of Pop-Tarts he shoved into his mouth when he realized his hands were full.
it seems perfectly obvious, that it was only a matter of time before the excess spending caught up to them and their wallets started feeling the strain. Dean just wishes they weren’t on the road with Sam when it happened.
He feels so damn empty when Cas pulls out, but, well, that’s certainly about to change. Cas doesn’t spend too long basking in the afterglow, because he clearly hasn’t forgotten about their plans either; he wastes no time in trailing his hand up Dean’s thigh and sinking two fingers inside him, tracing circles in fascination where Dean’s still wet and open. He’ll do this for ages if Dean lets him, chase his own come with his tongue and eat Dean out until he’s practically in tears – and that’s definitely not a bad thing, but they had other plans, and there’s no way they could stray down that path without both of them getting completely distracted. It took Dean long enough to work up the nerve to get them here, and he’s not about to get side-tracked now.
Jesus, there’s a loaded question, and Dean has no faith in his ability to get around it without saying something stupid or incriminating. “I mean— y’know, it’s just,” he attempts, fidgeting under the scrutiny. “Around here we usually keep our shirts on in the kitchen. Just saying,” he finishes lamely.
it, maybe even more than Cas does. Eventually he lets Cas hold him still and chase it, thrusting up into Dean’s pliant, willing body until the moment he hits his peak, going rigid, and Dean takes over again, rolling his hips insistently, right there with Cas as he shudders and gasps and bites down on whatever bit of Dean’s skin he can reach, growl rumbling deep in his chest.
That is an almost unforgivably corny move, but it makes Dean laugh anyway. He takes the opportunity to admire Cas’s muscular physique braced above him, ogling shamelessly just because he can. “Yeah, you’d definitely have no problem doing that,” Dean says, running appreciative hands along Cas’s flexed biceps.
It had only seemed natural to continue down that path, take up more of those mortal habits and idiosyncrasies, fall into his own circadian rhythms. Dean had found that odd, at first, perhaps even worrisome, that Castiel was adopting an unmistakably human lifestyle. He seems to have stopped questioning it. It was only after reflection that Castiel understood it himself.
Dean takes Cas’s cock into his mouth without prompting, savoring the stretch of his jaw, the perverse sense of completion. He keeps his gaze trained on Cas, the way he’s supposed to, and he moans when their eyes meet, the fire in Cas’s expression making his head swim.
Dean licks his lips, eyes darting away. “I don’t mind hearing it,” he eventually admits in a soft murmur. “You know,” he says, attempting a lighthearted tone that immediately falls flat, “My mom used to tell me angels were watching over me.” He has to look at Cas then, soak up the adoration on his face. “Guess she was kinda right, huh?”
“That’s it, Dean,” Cas repeats, almost comically put-together compared to what a frantic mess Dean is right now. “That’s it,” he murmurs, gentle words interspersed with the swift, repeated impact of his hand.
“Dean ate them,” Cas replies, not giving anything away, only looking up from his cereal to give Dean a slow half-smile when Sam’s back is turned.
“Got me alone right now,” Dean says slyly, a smirk forming. He’s hoping to coax Cas into action because the low thrum of arousal he’s been ignoring is sparking to life, and the heat in Cas’s words is definitely
As soon as Charlie’s out of sight, Cas picks up right where they left off at the bar and drags Dean into another enthusiastic kiss, walking him backwards until he bumps into the table and
He shakily returns Cas’s smile and takes his proffered hand, letting himself be led to the bathroom. His heart is thundering in his chest by the time the door closes behind them, Cas kissing him brief and chaste before reaching past the shower curtain to turn the water on.
There’s no debating that; Dean is well aware that Charlie’s both relentless and very endearing when she wants to be, a dangerous combo that’s already working its way through his resolve, just like it always does. She knows that as stubborn as Dean is, he has a hard time saying no to her, and she’s completely shameless about taking advantage.
Of course he can’t resist entirely, leans into Cas’s space for another kiss, gratified by the sensation of Cas’s lips on his and the knowledge that Cas can read him well enough to know to keep it relatively chaste, that this is on hold. They can wait.
new – yesterday’s hike might’ve started out as a work thing, but it ended up with them walking hand in hand, exchanging coy smiles. He’s got every reason to expect today might play out in the same way.
Dean’s still not meeting his eyes. “I dunno if you’re planning on staying, or…” he says vaguely, trailing off.
Castiel found it… unsettling, at first. In all his long, long existence he’d come to expect that everything served a purpose, that rational thought was a sure path to a suitable outcome. Emotions had no place in his decisions, if he even allowed himself to feel them at all. For a long time, he didn’t. So beginning to care about things – to
God, being with Cas is the best thing that’s ever happened to him and Dean can’t believe he’s already gone and ruined it – but no, that’s not true, is it, he can
But another storm seems to be rolling in, and they rush to put the finishing touches before it hits. Dean’s combing the shoreline for anything else that might be useful to them when an unexpectedly large wave smacks into his side. He curses, defeated, and slinks back up the beach. His clothes were finally almost dry, too.
– the kind of smooth that Dean knows, in this case, comes from a lot of analysis and practice. Dean can’t say it matters much if the results are the same, and Cas’s ridiculous talent for pool is one-hundred percent the real deal.
the thought of them being taken away. If that couldn’t be something he gets to have then he at least wanted to enjoy the idea, the
Dean wakes slowly, shifting around to find Castiel’s eyes. “Hey,” he says, voice and expression so soft that Castiel can’t quite believe what he’s seeing. That he’s
He stalls when leaving his room to get some breakfast, but he’s not going to let this shit run his life. He refuses to be too afraid to eat in his own damn kitchen.
“I know,” Cas says gently. It wasn’t too long ago that Dean would’ve thought that Cas wouldn’t understand something like this, but Cas has been so supportive, so enthusiastic about all of it, that Dean can’t help but ask for more. “But I have to be sure,” he says, one hand sliding down Dean’s back to his ass and resting there. “I need you to tell me.”
“Yeah,” Dean agrees dazedly, swaying closer to Cas, before he clarifies, “Well, no, not exactly. Had ‘em for a while now.” Cas furrows his brow slightly, looking for more explanation. “I, uh. I like to put ‘em on sometimes,” Dean admits in a rush, pleased that his voice comes out steady.
He gets to work unbuttoning his shirt, slowing down at the sound of Cas’s approving hum. He tosses the shirt on the floor and takes his time unbuckling his belt and unzipping his pants, dragging his boxers off with them and kicking them out of the way. He’s hard now – not all the way there, but the need is significantly more urgent than it  was before, and he feels it burn brighter as Cas shifts in his seat, an appraising look in his eye, lips quirked.
The part of him that dares to be hopeful is pretty sure Cas feels the same way. He feels like he knows what it means when Cas looks at him a certain way, or he
, Dean keeps everything carefully controlled—casual setting, non-romantic atmosphere, the bare minimum of physical contact. And even then, Dean’s not sure if they’re being inconspicuous enough. Maybe the reason he’s being difficult about Charlie’s proposition isn’t so mysterious after all.
Last night must’ve really taken it out of him if Cas is up before him. “Not yet,” he mumbles, too sleepy for any kind of verbal filter, tightening his arm around Cas’s middle and pressing his nose to Cas’s ribs, trying to burrow closer.
Hopefully normal gets here sooner rather than later, because this whole routine is getting old. Dean’s practically jumping at shadows, hastily exiting a room before Cas sees him, darting in the opposite direction if they’re about to cross paths. There might be a more mature way to handle this, but Dean’s not exactly open to hearing about it.
“Right. Yeah.” Dean doesn’t even know what he’s saying, really. He’d hoped that maybe it was all in his head, that the ‘situation’ between them was born from nothing but his own paranoia and insecurities but nope, now he’s gotten himself confirmation otherwise. “But, y’know, uh, maybe we can just move past it and—”
They often make almost a game of it, playing around like it’s their little inside joke—exchanging knowing looks when someone makes eyes at Dean, both of them thinking about what’s gonna happen the second they find themselves alone. Cas clearly doesn’t seem to mind having the excuse to stake his claim on Dean. He’s almost brazenly self-indulgent about it, a sparkle in his eye when someone makes a pass at Dean that says he can’t wait to get Dean into bed and remind him how good he’s got it – or, depending on the urgency of the situation, sneak into the nearest spot that’s even remotely secluded to make out and then some. The car’s backseat has definitely been seeing a lot of action lately, and Dean’s lost count of how many times they’ve been on the job and needed to drop everything for an ‘emergency’ trip back to their motel room.
He closes the laptop lid, choosing his words carefully. “Given our personal history, I suppose it is a bit—” he pauses and considers, “—
Dean shoots him an unimpressed look and grabs the remote, scoffing when he starts the episode over. “See?” he asks, elbowing Castiel in the side. “This one’s nothing but lame filler. Coulda warned you if I was here.”
Dean knows what Cas is angling for, and he’s too blissfully sated to be anything other than honest. “Want you to,” he concedes, helping Cas slip out of his boxers – and god, he really does, can’t believe how strongly he craves it even though he’s already thoroughly spent.
“All right,” Cas replies, expression unreadable. He drops one last kiss on Dean’s lips before pulling back and taking his hand again, heading back onto the path.
Cas tilts his head, regarding Dean intently, but says nothing; apparently, he just wanted Dean’s attention.
rather boring, Castiel has to admit – they start up another one that Dean seems much more enthusiastic about. Nevertheless, it’s not more than ten minutes in that Castiel notices Dean supplying commentary less and less frequently, eventually falling silent altogether. It’s not until Dean’s head droops onto Castiel’s shoulder that he confirms that Dean has indeed nodded off.
and Dean comes so hard he almost passes out. He’s a mess, tears prickling his eyes, physically and emotionally overstimulated, trembling in Cas’s arms. He clings tight, murmurs
One evening finds them relaxing together in the tub. Castiel was skeptical about the two of them fitting, but Dean was obviously determined to try, and there was no way Castiel could deny him.
He expects Cas to tease him a little bit like he does sometimes, to switch up his rhythm, pull back so far that Dean has to strain to wrap his lips around him at all before sliding deep again. Instead, he’s chasing his release with single-minded focus and thoroughly using Dean’s mouth to get there, and fuck if that doesn’t really do it for Dean too.
Cas’s calming touch grounds him, his palm cupping the side of Dean’s neck, voice low and steady. “Just listen to what I tell you,” Cas says. “Can you do that?”
Dean’s perfectly aware of what that vague question refers to, and he can only make an embarrassing noise and nod, praying that Cas won’t make him ask for it out loud because he’s not sure that he can and oh
Castiel supposes there are more important matters for him to attend to, that there’s research to dive into or rogue angels to track down, but when Dean gruffly extends an invitation to split a six-pack and ‘veg out’ with some television, Castiel can’t find a reason to turn him down. He’s not sure that he even tries.
He’s been loitering in the motel parking lot for as he can get away with before drawing suspicion, waiting for Sam and Dean to finally emerge.
Castiel sighs, letting his hand drop away, eyes cast down. “I’m sorry,” he mutters. “I really am trying not to. It’s just… not easy sometimes.” Nothing ever is when it comes to his feelings for Dean.
Eventually, Castiel pulls away for a cursory clean up, just enough for him to gather Dean into his arms more comfortably, settling on his side so they can lie face to face.
The culprit turns out to be someone they already spoke to earlier in the investigation, a female vampire posing as a regular patron who’d taken an unmistakable liking to Dean. That put Castiel on edge to start with, unsettled by the dangerous glint in her eye as she answered Dean’s questions, the way she leaned closer than would qualify as appropriate for an ‘FBI’ interview. But other than that, she behaved convincingly innocent enough that none of them gave her a second glance as a possible perpetrator. Now Castiel’s wishing he’d followed the instincts that told him she was a
Dean begins regretting that decision almost immediately, inexplicable unease setting in as soon as they roll into the neighborhood. He can’t lie, there’s something about these tiny old towns that creeps him out a little, and not just because they’re usually haunted like nobody’s goddamn business. This place looks strangely untouched by time, so sparsely populated that gossip gets around in a flash and god help you if your neighbors don’t like what they hear about you.
“Of course,” Castiel agrees readily, wondering if Dean feels like he needs to hide behind a physical barrier in order to not feel emotionally exposed.
When they pull into a gas station, Dean takes care of the car while Cas goes to the mini-mart. It’s deserted and dim outside, and when Cas returns and hands him a cardboard cup, Dean’s feeling bold enough to cozy up to him a little, share some of his body heat in the winter chill. He even sneaks a peck on Cas’s cheek before he pulls back to remove the nozzle from the tank.
Once Cas finally comes down from his high and they’re both cleaned up he shifts off of Dean so they can lie together on their sides. Dean doesn’t let him get far, immediately reels him in for a kiss. When they part, Dean smiles gently at Cas, suddenly overwhelmed by emotion now that he’s physically satisfied, feeling strangely shy. “That was good,” he mumbles after a beat, emboldened when Cas looks very glad to hear that. Dean probably doesn’t say that often enough either. “This is good,” he adds. A decent buzz might make him slightly more forthcoming with his feelings, but unfortunately he’s not any better at articulating them.
Dean takes off after him, quick to scramble into the Impala and start her up. He’s only more anxious to hit the road now, certain that sticking around wouldn’t end well for them, glad to put a bit of distance between them and Jones. The sheriff’ll probably have entire county on their asses whenever he gets himself upright, but Dean doesn’t plan on being easy to find – they use fake names and shit for a reason.
There’s a weighted silence that Castiel expects, knowing that such sincerity is sometimes difficult for Dean, that accepting how truly cherished he is doesn’t come easily. He’s pleased when Dean doesn’t protest or brush it off, just ducks his head in acknowledgment, a faint pink tinge coloring his cheeks, an almost shy smile on his face. “Guess you didn’t just marry me for my body after all,” he mutters with an almost imperceptible crackle of emotion that Castiel knows to listen for.
But the other sticking point is that there’s something he likes about this jealousy business feeling…
Dean knows Cas doesn’t say that to be suggestive, but Dean’s brain short-circuits for a few seconds anyway. “Good idea,” Dean says with a yawn as he rises from his seat. The sight of Cas yawning right along with him is a sight he’s starting to get used to.
Before Dean can tell him they aren’t staying, Cas chimes in with a blunt, “Yes,” looking like he’d be happy to continue this very second.
“Yeah,” the guy replies loudly, undeterred by the way Dean’s sending a murderous look in his direction. “You can keep that
with Dean, nestled under the blankets, dressed down to what Dean has deemed an appropriate level of comfortable.
A few moments of tense silence pass and Dean’s holding his breath, wondering what Comb-Over’s next move will be. “…You know that couch ain’t a pull-out,” he says eventually, a mildly dangerous edge to his voice now, veiled but discernable because Dean’s listening for it so closely. He doesn’t let up with the pasted-on smile, but something hard and mean is taking shape in his gaze. Dean doesn’t know why this guy needs to push it – he’s already made his point – but Dean hears the insinuation there, the provocation, something bordering a threat.
perfectly good beds at their disposal. But then he returns to the living room, stopped in his tracks by the picture Dean makes. He takes a leisurely moment to drink in the intoxicating sight of Dean naked and hard in the glow of the firelight, eyes hungrily roaming every inch of him, all thoughts of moving to the bedroom forgotten.
Cas shifts his hips just the slightest bit then, reminding Dean how closely they’re pressed together, the sensation on his neglected erection surprising and intense.
Dean huffs in exasperation. “If that’s something I— gimme that thing,” he mutters, voice shaky. As if he could say no when Cas is offering him… well,
Castiel obliges, relaxing his restraint now that it seems that Dean wants him to. He’s still mindful of hurting Dean, but he’s starting to realize that although Dean’s precious to him, is certainly more fragile than Castiel, that doesn’t mean he has to treat Dean like glass. Dean can handle more –
Dean hesitates, a little put out by that – what, Cas doesn’t think he can handle it? – but the insecurity passes pretty quick. Cas is just trying to help, and yeah, given the choice, Dean would rather not talk to that douchebag again.
“Yeah,” Dean agrees, really liking that idea the longer he thinks about it. That would help both of them a
He’s vaguely aware of Cas reaching behind him for the shampoo and popping the cap open. “Turn around,” Cas murmurs, and god, Dean’s sure he doesn’t mean anything overtly suggestive by it, but just hearing those words in Cas’s deep, rough voice, he hardly knows the difference. Either way, it’s not like Dean’s gonna say no to that. He stifles a satisfied groan when Cas’s fingers thread through his hair, working the shampoo in. He could get used to this, Cas’s strong hands massaging his scalp and down the back of his neck, the feeling of him pressed up behind Dean. He’s not so close that the contact is as scandalous as it could be, but he’s close enough that Dean can’t stop thinking about it – Cas taking that last half step forward until they’re aligned head to toe, the tangible proof of how this is affecting Cas impossible to ignore. Dean’s own arousal surges at the idea of it, but he isn’t able to get too caught up in his imagination before Cas maneuvers him under the spray to rinse his hair clean. Though Cas handling his body so firmly, so confidently, doesn’t exactly keep the lust at bay.
Jones before Dean gets a chance to properly react, knocks him back with a single resounding fist to the face, sends him sprawling in the dirt.
Dean’s not sure why Cas is telling him this. He doesn’t usually bother. “How long?” he asks, before he can stop himself.
Dean’s this close to digging his heels in, saying he’s the driver and he’ll stop the damn car when they physically wrestle him away from the steering wheel, but Sam’s practically giving him the puppy dog eyes and Dean knows if Sam
“The best,” Cas agrees vaguely with a lazy grin, and while Dean’s sure he’s sincere, at the moment he seems more preoccupied with getting his mouth on Dean’s again.
Cas pulls away and flops onto his back, not that he gets very far with his arm still pinned beneath Dean’s head. “Sorry,” he mutters, clearly awake now, scrubbing a hand across his face.
Cas fidgets in what Dean recognizes as annoyance, fixing Jones with a grave look and finally breaking the silence. “Could you tell us about it?”
Cas softly runs his fingers through Dean’s hair, and Dean finds himself amused by Cas’s gentleness considering the actual
Dean’s normally not one to shy away from a fight – and they could take these drunk idiots, no problem – but getting into it over
“All the more reason we don’t want our asses plastered all over the internet,” Dean says, as if that explains anything. He honestly doesn’t know what the repercussions would be in terms of them posing as FBI for cases. He’s more focused on the personal humiliation aspect, for the time being.
Even so, he dresses and saunters into the kitchen for food more confidently than he has in weeks because he figures, hey, how much worse can things possibly get?
“I’ll be downstairs,” Cas says, apparently realizing that Dean has no response to that, taking his coffee mug and strolling away.
“You’ll thank me later,” Charlie replies. “Anyway, that cute bartender’s going on break now, so I’m just gonna—” She pauses, grinning. “Yeah. Back in a bit,” she says brightly, flitting off back to the bar.
“All right then,” Castiel agrees with a soft smile of his own, for once not fighting to disguise the affection in his voice. “Lunch first.”
Castiel lets his eyes lazily roam Dean’s body, pleased when the attention seems to make Dean squirm even more. “I have some idea.”
Castiel reaches up to cup Dean’s cheek in his palm, captivated by the way he presses his face into Castiel’s touch, by the magnificent picture Dean makes seated above him. “Don’t tell me you want a divorce already,” he teases.
He might think Cas has gotten it out of his system, but he can feel the lingering, restless energy just barely being kept in check, and he knows that the last few days of watching another man show obvious interest in Dean has gotten under Cas’s skin exactly the way Dean had secretly hoped. He also knows that Cas is holding himself back from acting on those possessive feelings the way he so clearly wants, and Dean’s having none of that, won’t be fully satisfied until Cas’s usually ironclad control starts to slip at least a little.
But then Castiel can see it clearly, the moment that Dean lets his nervousness settle into palpable relief, as if it’s finally sinking in that he put himself out there and nothing bad happened. Castiel is proud that he can provide Dean with that kind of reassurance and security, that Dean’s trust in him isn’t misplaced.
Dean laughs again and leans in to kiss Cas, the metal of his armor unyielding beneath Dean’s fingers.
Cas shushes him and smoothes his hair back, presses his lips to Dean’s temple. “Not yet,” he says firmly, straddling Dean’s legs again, pinning him down.
For the moment, all he manages is making moony eyes at Cas over his sandwich the entire time they eat lunch. He’d feel worse about that if Cas weren’t doing kinda exactly the same thing. It strikes Dean that it’s not all that different than how Cas has always looked at him. He can’t believe he ever convinced himself that it didn’t mean anything.
When Castiel mutters his name in return, Dean seems to take that as confirmation that Castiel is awake and on board with the proceedings and hoists himself up to slip between Castiel’s legs. He leaves a quick kiss on Castiel’s collarbone, a few more along his sternum, and keeps working his way lower. He lingers at Castiel’s stomach for a moment, softly pressing his lips to the skin there, hands stroking Castiel’s thighs but not wandering further, though they both know there’s no mistaking what Dean’s really after.
“It’s beautiful here,” Cas remarks eventually. Dean can tell it’s not an idle comment or shallow small talk; he can hear the genuine awe and appreciation in Cas’s voice.
Dean’s a few drinks deep when he slides into the car – he’d expected to chill out and sober up for a while, not leave so abruptly – but he’s driven in worse condition before. It’s a short and easy trip, so he’s not too worried. Either way, he’s in a lot better shape than Cas is.
Cas offers him a slow smile. “Thank you,” he says, sounding pleased and more than a little smug. Cas likes compliments as much as the next guy, especially the reminder of how much Dean wants him. Dean really needs to do that more often. Cas has had strangers more or less implying the same thing all night and he hasn’t batted an eye. He likes knowing that
If Dean wants it to feel real to him, it’s gotta feel real to Cas too. And Dean’s sure it’s only a matter of time before Cas finds the right…
to try, he’s still terrified of fucking it up. So, no. No, not right now. He’ll just… try again later.
Dean rode shotgun on the way over – criticizing Charlie’s music for the whole drive and trying to fuck with the dials no matter how many times she slapped his hand away – but now following Cas into the backseat seems like the obvious choice. He knows he’s made the right decision when he’s pulled into another kiss almost as soon as the door closes behind him.
” Dean gasps. “Gonna—” But he’s gone before he can even get the words out, climax rushing over him sudden and sharp.
Dean made sure his trunk was secure in the back of the wagon, then circled around to scratch Smoky’s forehead as they waited for Cas to emerge from Peppermint Stick house with his own trunk. It had been a dry spring so far, not great for the crops but it did mean the road to Rockville would be dry enough to chance the wagon. Sam sat astride the horse he'd ridden in on from Rockville, quietly waiting. Jess had already shifted, and was soaring in lazy circles overhead. The two of them had elected to stay the winter after defeating Amara, Sam studying with Gabe and Cas while Jess worked with Dean and Charlie to map out more of the territory around Willow River.
Cas plated for the two of them, and called upstairs. “Breakfast is ready! If you want it warm, come down.”
He should be exhausted even after having been unconscious for however many hours. Instead, energy thrummed beneath Cas’ skin. He stared at the fan of Dean’s eyelashes against his cheek and was struck anew by how beautiful the Familiar was. Physically, yes, but in so many other ways as well. Fiercely loyal. Kind. Gruff to disguise the kindness. Quietly brilliant. He teased Cas but never made fun.
“We found a section of corruption that is much worse than we’ve seen before,” Cas continued. “The ground bleached white instead of stained black. If you were to see it, you would know what I mean.” He took a deep breath and then detailed the story of trailing the bear deeper and deeper, the sigils, the prison, the lady in black.
“It’s tea, Castiel.” Gabe’s voice was lower than usual, with a dark edge to it that shivers running down Cas’ spine.
Charlie leaned against him. That was nice. Familiars tended to be more tactile than Witches, depending on their shift form. Cats were often loners, but Dean had grown up in a tight-knit family. He felt protective over Charlie, too, even this early in their friendship.
He pushed his hat up and wiped his sleeve across his forehead, leaning back against the logs. A pair of scouts walked past — Roy and Walt Ellington, he identified them. He’d been here long enough that he knew most everyone by name, even the scouts who weren’t around much. “Afternoon,” he greeted them.
Dean rolled his eyes. They all turned at the sound of gravel crunching under boots to see Cas approaching. He was looking particularly good today, Dean thought, with his worn dungarees clinging tight around his thighs, and his lightweight blue cotton shirt open at the throat. The sleeves were rolled up to just below his elbows.
“That does not sound like a no,” Cas pointed out. “It would be a challenge. I thought you enjoyed challenges.”
“Yeah, I know. Dean. I get it, I do. I’m not happy about this, but I’m not pissed like Dad is. I’m not going to ask you if you’re sure anymore, or tell you that you’re crazy. We both know you’re crazy, but we also both know that you’re sure. So. You sit here soaking up as much of home as you can while you can, and I’ll sit here, too, soaking up as much brother time as I can while I can.”
Charlie stared down Cas into taking a bite of the chicken before she turned to answer Dean. “We both realized we had no real idea which direction to head in, and could be doing more good here for the moment. There was no trace of what got them in the short distance we scouted, no. Now shoo, you are wobbling on your feet.”
Cas nodded. “Perhaps tomorrow. It’s best in full daylight, or even a full moon, but tonight is overcast. We’d be unable to see well, and it’s already nearly dark. We’ve both had a long day.” He lightly squeezed Dean’s hand. Dean’s heart skipped a beat.
Dean shook his head. “No. You were right to take me here. Just... let’s get farther away, okay? And let me shift again. I’m going to need some time to get rid of this taint. God. I can’t even imagine what it would be like to be in the middle of that, if it feels so wrong even from this distance.”
The ground tremors calmed beneath their feet, localizing instead to the back of the cave. Dean’s feet slid towards the back of the cave as well. Cas wrapped his arms around him and held him close. The charm that always hung around Dean’s neck, no matter his form, glowed a bright white.
He took a deep breath and murmured a centering incantation, taking the stream of magical energy from Dean and drawing it into himself before reaching out again and touching the corruption.
“We shore up our defenses,” Ellen answered. “We pull our patrols back closer to here, not go so far ranging. We also need to send someone off to Rockville with a warning not to send any more messengers by themselves. It’s not safe.”
“We aren’t entirely positive, of course,” Cas started, “but we may have found the source of corruption.”
The odor grew stronger, and as Dean approached he became aware of the magical energies of the area becoming twisted and snarled. He rounded a large tree, and came to a stop at the source.
Roy looked at him, disdain in his gaze. “Still doing mundane things instead of actually accomplishing anything, I see.”
“I am, aren’t I,” Cas agreed, and Dean laughed. “You can show me how much when my head no longer feels as though it will split in two.”
Cas didn’t know how he felt about it. It was more than a little bit of a shock to find a Familiar that his brothers would have been avidly pursuing instead sat here with him. It did explain a lot, though, about the sheer difference between partnering with Nora and partnering with Dean.
“Got it all figured out, huh Cas?” Dean smirked. The other man startled and shot him a glance at the nickname. Dean briefly wondered if he’d taken too much of a liberty in using a nickname, but damned if he was going to apologize. Besides, he rather enjoyed poking at the Witch. “All right, let’s go swindle the local folk out of a meal.” Dean didn’t believe it would be that easy. He lived in a big city where neighbors weren’t precisely neighborly. At least, not so far as to easily invite each other into their homes.
“Still true.” She pressed a kiss to his cheek before turning to Dean. “Good morning!” She leaned over to hug him too, taking a deep breath when her nose was against his skin. “You smell cleaner than you did yesterday.”
“Sometimes. Depending on the severity, many factors. It can be a difficult judgment call, at times.”
“We can fix that,” Gabe said brightly, raising his hands and wiggling his fingers. Charlie reached up and pushed them down again, ignoring Gabe’s pout.
Dean was still quiet by the time they returned to camp that night, overwhelmed by the sheer scope and immensity of corruption on the other side of the Great River. He didn't find many things daunting. He figured he could conquer just about anything with a smile and a can-do attitude, but this? Healing the corruption felt like it would be an impossible task.
He stood when he saw Cas and Charlie weren’t alone. Dean set the coffee down and strode over to relieve them of the burden of his bags and set them aside for the moment.
Dean groaned. “Mom.” Maybe he could get away with taking two trunks on the train, but what about after that? A wagon or coach might not be so willing to accommodate, and from what Mr. Angelus said, even the coach wouldn’t run all the way out to where he’d be living.
Dean looked at him, serious. “Very much so. How much do you know about the different lineages of Familiars in New Avalon, and along the whole coast, really?”
Dining with the townfolk was a revelation. Winchester had a real talent for sharing news without sprinkling personal details into his stories. He was charming, personable, and distant all at the same time. Oftentimes one could guess what a Familiar’s animal form was through personality traits and mannerisms. Dean Winchester, however, was baffling to Castiel. He was both frustrated and intrigued. Even more so after he had refused to tell him what his shift form was. Castiel did not contribute much to the conversation, content to listen and watch.
Cas fixed him with his most determined gaze. He would not, could not, risk Dean’s health, or Charlie’s. He’d already suffered the loss of one Familiar. Losing Nora had been difficult.
“I suppose you are right.” Cas sighed and snuggled closer against Dean to take advantage of his body heat. “I expect fresh caught fish for breakfast. I’ve been injured, you know, and need to regain my strength.”
“Let’s get down to the details then, shall we?” Mr. Angelus pulled a contract out of one of the drawers of his desk, and laid it between the two of them. “Article I: The party in the first part…”
“Are we keeping in the same general direction tomorrow?” Dean asked Cas softly as he settled down on his bedroll. If he continued to talk business, it meant his mind wouldn’t wander to less professional things. He had to be especially diligent as close as he was to the Witch right now.
Dean prowled forward, slinking close to the forest floor, each step soundless. Cas stayed nearby, moving almost as quietly. Dean was impressed despite himself.
“What time does the tap room downstairs open?” Dean asked, as he looked around the small room. His stomach grumbled a complaint. Food wasn’t exactly plentiful on the long coach ride, and he was always hungry. Traveling with others didn’t facilitate shifting and doing any hunting on his own.
“Garth and Bess are almost done with it. He wanted to add some lavender in with the alfalfa.” Charlie stretched. “I’ll go and check with him, get the bags too.”
“To the exclusion of almost anything else,” Gabe said. “Let me tell you, no one can be quite as oblivious to everything other than what he’s focused on than my brother.”
“No. It isn’t. He seems to be settling in well enough, but I agree with your assessment. I believe he’ll be happy to explore and gain more familiarity with the area.”
“We didn’t spend all our time in the city,” Dean told him. “We would take family trips up north. I’m a big cat. Mom, too. Even Dad and Sam liked to get out of the city now and then.”
to shift, being constrained to one’s human form for lengthy time periods could be unpleasant, particularly if the environment was unsuited for the shift form. A Familiar with an aquatic form was never going to enjoy being in a desert, and a shifter with an avian form would never like being stuck indoors.
Bobby’s mouth twitched in the hint of a smile, though his brows drew down as he fought it. “How far have you read? We don’t get everything out here timely. How many more are out there, back on the coast?” He had a wistful quality to his tone. Dean understood that.
Cas released Dean, and turned just enough to see an enormous bear behind a claw heading straight for him. Dammit! How could he have forgotten about the bear they had followed here?
This was different. Nora had been stronger than many female humans, but her shift form had been a crow, so her abilities tended more towards enhanced vision over enhanced strength. Castiel had been physically stronger than she was, and was physically stronger than most of the people at the settlement. Watching Dean lift the trunk, knowing he was strong enough to do so, was unsettling. Incredibly appealing, but unsettling.
“Right. See you and want you. A Familiar is the solution to all of her problems. Especially one as strong as you are. If she can get the magic to do what she wants it to do, she can get out of that prison easily.”
They headed in the direction of a hole cut out of the back wall, with a length of burlap hanging from nails above the opening.
“Thank you,” Cas said. Dean decided to let Cas handle the discussion as much as possible. Besides, the venison roast tasted amazing enough that he struggled to remember his table manners.
“Some, yes,” Gabe answered. “Charms, and we work enchantments into their weapons to make them more effective against the corruption. They mostly look for new patches of corruption, and hunt down any tainted animals. Only magic has any effect on the corruption itself, so whenever there’s some to cleanse, Cassie or I need to deal with it. We’ve been working on creating some sort of potion or something that we can bottle up so that the others can use it, but haven’t had a lot of success yet.” He shrugged.
“All the work?” Bobby came strolling up, thumbs hooked in his belt loops. “What work is that, boys? Somehow managing to head out on patrol whenever there’s anything labor-intensive going on back here? Like, say, repairing the enclosure?” He nodded towards Dean and the work he’d been doing.
“The source of the corruption itself is not visible with human sight, but we -- Witches or Familiars -- are able to See it as a … it is difficult to describe precisely, but I would compare it to a spring rising from a bed of rocks, but instead of providing fresh clear water, it is spewing forth foul corruption. Complicating the matter is that plants and animals -- and people -- are still capable of being corrupted, so we must also either cure or destroy those who have been contaminated.”
“I didn’t exactly have time to strip carefully when I shifted to get that bear off of you, Cas.” Dean leaned away briefly, but was back before Cas could protest. “Drink up.” He held his canteen up and made sure Cas had a good grip of it before he continued talking. “You are wearing the remaining shreds around your ribs. You scared me, you know.”
“It’s possible she’s run out of creatures to corrupt, within her reach,” Dean mused. He shuffled until he was on his back, his head resting on Cas’ lap.
Bobby stood before the newcomer, feet braced, his arms tensed in wary readiness, watching Sam. Gabe was there too, squared off in front of the horse. His hands were fisted, his chin lifted.
He might be, just the slightest bit, jealous of Charlie right now. Cas had nice hands, really nice hands, with neatly trimmed nails. From that time he’d first seen the corruption in person he knew those nails would scratch just right, and even with the light temporary bond, he’d know just exactly where the best place to scratch would be. Maybe Dean would even grant him the ultimate honor of exposing his belly and letting the Witch scratch him there.
“That is a ridiculous statement. Beauty is beauty, whether it comes in a male or a female form. Beauty itself has no gender. And handsome does not convey entirely the same meaning.”
That was why he couldn’t hold back a groan of disappointment the day Cas checked the pink pebbles, and one had turned a brilliant emerald green.
“Dean. How long have you been here?” Cas lifted his hands from the earth, brushing them together to remove the soil. He’d have to take a brush to get the last of it from under his nails.
“Still not my name,” Dean complained, but nodded to Bobby and moved over anyhow. If gossip was what they wanted, he could oblige.
He settled down onto the ground before the bare earth, crossing his legs and placing his hands flat on the ground. Closing his eyes, he sent a gentle pulse of magic through the soil to nourish and refresh the plants. Unlike the vegetable gardens, the plants here were chosen for their beauty and soothing nature. Ivy grew along the low stone border wall. Flowering trees shaded the markers, and beds of perennials chosen as much for their fragrance as their color nestled at the base of the trees.
Apparently Jesse and Cesar were out, as well as Max and Alicia. “Huh. You’ll have to explain the system to me when I get back. Or maybe sometime when I haven’t been drinking.” He flashed a grin at them, then gave a jaunty wave and headed outside.
He’d been uncertain, of course he had been. If he wanted to continue his work out here in Willow River, however, he needed a Familiar. Any casting that required energy beyond his own personal store was unreliable at best. At worst, a disaster. Energies pulled from the world around them without filtering through a Familiar had a tendency to act in unpredictable ways. It had hampered Castiel’s magic greatly to be without. He had been able to borrow Charlie, for emergencies, but that was not a sustainable solution.
“Yeah. She is. Promising that Dean was able to scent out that corruption on your way here. We’ll have to see how much better he gets at that now that he knows what to look for, and if he can leverage you to extend the range of his senses at all. One of us should check on the weather, too, make sure we know what to prepare for.” Weather scrying wasn’t completely reliable, especially here on the frontier, but Gabe was good at it. Gabe’s talents were stronger in the more chaotic and unpredictable magics, as well as the fanciful ones.
Cas still felt a sense of wondrous bemusement when he considered that somehow Dean had answered that ad. Dean was amazing. Dean was everything he could have asked for and more, a powerful, well-trained Familiar who knew his own mind and strength. There was potential there, potential for a full permanent bond. Maybe even… He swallowed. There was mutual attraction there. He felt it sometimes, through their link, a little heated thread woven in with the more utilitarian conduit of magical energy. Sometimes that thread pulsed, and he’d caught Dean looking at him more than once.
The problem, or benefit depending on the situation, with speaking telepathically, was emotion came across as well. Cas didn’t have to say a thing for the affront to come across loud and clear. That only made Dean grin.
Dean ran ahead, opened the door for Cas, then slipped into a private corner to shift into his cat form. He knew how to deal with being drunk. He’d done it enough times. Even helped Sam out on the rare occasions his moose of a brother over-indulged. They were a team. He wasn’t about to let Sam get chewed out by their parents for getting drunk when he didn’t have to. He concentrated and got his heart pumping faster, cycling the blood and alcohol through, and pushing it out.
Cas woke up with the sun the following morning and promptly headed down to the kitchen. He rarely lingered abed. Morning was his favorite time of the day, filled with possibilities. Today, he thought, Dean would likely be regretting the night before. Socializing with the people of Willow River was enjoyable, yes, but being a newcomer and the recipient of many drinks purchased for him? That was undoubtedly less enjoyable the morning after than it had been at the time.
“Fat lot of good that’d do you out here, anyhow. Not like there’s anything to buy. And even if you head out to Rockville, you still need to carry it back. And please. You’re... you’ve got that
Early mornings were Cas’ favorite time of day. He liked the peacefulness and the soft light of the rising sun, the colors of the sunrise. On days when he woke up restless, like this morning, he slipped out of the bed and made his way downstairs, careful to avoid the spot on the stairs that always creaked.
“I’m not opposed to being put to work,” Dean replied as he moved to hold the door open for Bobby. “Do you have a workshop where you do the smaller projects? We could talk about the latest adventures of Amos.”
“Have you considered raising a foal from infancy? If it were well acquainted with you, it would not fear your scent,” Cas suggested, happy enough to go along with the lighter subject matter.
Cas’ breath caught as he looked down at Dean like that. He was beautiful, so beautiful, and the casual intimacy took his breath away. His heart hammered against his ribcage. “I doubt you—“
Dean nodded thoughtfully. Made sense. Fresh blood. New stories, and in his case, someone who’d be living there for at least a year. Anyone would be curious.
That plan scattered to the winds when his thumb brushed across Cas’ nipple and the man arched up into his touch with a breathy moan. That was all the encouragement Dean needed to turn the light, searching kisses into sharp biting ones.
“I’m not sure what you’re referring to, Dean,” Cas actually managed to sound innocent. “You’ve met nearly everyone here, already.” He introduced those he hadn’t. One of those was Bobby, an older gentleman with thinning hair and a salt-and-pepper beard. His clothes were well worn, lightly stained around the edges.
The landscape here was quite different from what he’d grown up with, in the region around New Avalon. Everything there was far more civilized. Even the hills were gently rounded and genteel.
Winchester cocked his head to the side and got a mischievous glint in his eye. “Yeah? Well then. Maybe I’ll just show you. Once we’re not out here in the public eye.” People knew about Witches and Familiars, but most didn’t knowingly come into contact with them without it setting off their nerves.
He turned to look up at the roof of the saloon and held out his arm. Jessica launched herself into the air with a single powerful beat of her wings, then soared down to settle on Dean’s forearm, her talons carefully curved around his skin without piercing. “Hey, Jess,” he greeted her fondly, stroking the feathers up from her beak between her eyes to her head. “It’s so good to see you.”
“Yes. It’s expensive, but I consider it a necessity rather than a luxury. I bought some more while I was awaiting your arrival. Mine wasn’t the only order.” He smiled faintly. “It seems that many here are quite taken with it.” Cas took down a pair of mugs, poured some coffee into each of them. “Do you take cream or sugar with yours?”
Dean couldn’t even complain, much. His role was mostly to be there and allow Cas to use him to funnel larger and larger amounts of magical energy to the Witch. The flaws in technique were nearly all Castiel’s own perceived errors.
As much as Dean would have liked to take the car, it’s not really an option, so they head out on foot instead. That’s when he learns the hard way that he and Cas have entirely different definitions of what “not far” means.
“I did,” Cas agrees. “And you did exactly as I asked.” He kisses Dean again, and Dean’s heart nearly stops because the warm note of
Cas watches him with apparent interest for a few seconds. Finally he clears his throat. “No one is really certain of the exact origins,” he says quietly, “Although, historically, mistletoe does have an association with fertility in some cultures.”
Cas no doubt picks up on that and changes tack, the glint in his eye again. “I like… figuring things out with you.” That part Dean is already
Charlie smiles. “I wanted to take you guys somewhere you can be yourselves with each other,” she says, a bit of emotion sneaking into her voice. “You deserve that.”
Castiel smiles faintly, trying not to let on how secretly pleased he is. “I must have gotten lucky.”
, and Castiel has to resist the urge to tell him again, at least for the moment. He doesn’t want Dean to get distracted from this.
He shifts and lies down next to Dean, plastered against his side, teeth delicately scraping along his neck, long fingers wrapping around Dean’s cock. Cas strokes him fast and tight, no mercy at all, slick just from Cas’s mouth and the way Dean’s steadily leaking. The friction’s unbearably good, winding him up real quick, and Dean’s almost sure he’s about to hurtle over the edge—
“Let’s just wrap it up here so we can get home and make dinner. You know Charlie’ll start gnawing on the walls if we don’t feed her soon.”
Cas’s voice is already fading as he retreats. Dean gets quite a look from Sam when he suddenly appears, ready to work.
Castiel takes a few steps towards Dean’s bed, looking for signs of distress. He’s surprised but pleased to find none, considering the state he was in last night.
That’s… not what Dean was expecting, and he can’t quite pin down the feeling that settles in the pit of his stomach, but he settles on ‘relief.’ Nothing else would make sense.
He’s stopped by Cas’s hand on his arm, the fingers curling around his bicep gentle but firm. “Dean.”
Better still is when Dean glances at him Castiel knows he’s lost in those memories too, a glint in his eye that tells Castiel he’s still thinking about what they did the night before, and how much he’d like to do it again. That kind of boost to Castiel’s ego is always a welcome distraction, helps him forget about whatever disagreeable situation he’s currently forced to endure and make
Dean chuckles, a warm, bright sound that settles pleasantly in Castiel’s stomach. He eyes the silver on his own hand, glinting between their joined fingers. “Guess that makes you my better half too, then,” he mumbles eventually.
Things get a little more complicated one day when they’re putting groceries away, and Dean gets a call from Scott, a guy he’d teamed up with for a hunt a few years back.
Truth be told, if Dean really were just getting a head start, so to speak, he probably wouldn’t strip down right away, knowing Cas will want to get involved and peel him reverently out of his clothes – or tear them off, depending on the day. On the other hand, if Dean were actually flying solo here, he might not bother getting fully undressed at all, just shoving as much clothing out of the way as he needed to get at his dick, to bring himself off quick and dirty. So he could just open his pants and slide his hand in like he’s done so many times before, but if he’s being
Dean turns around and looks at Cas sharply, not sure if he’s playing ignorant to get a rise out of Dean, but as always, Cas’s expression is so blank that it’s impossible for Dean to tell.
Cas looks pleased again as he wraps his long fingers around Dean’s cock, and Dean doesn’t think he lasts even five seconds, moaning and panting terribly loud by now, choking out
“Both,” Dean says with a grin. “Fuck it, why not, right?” It’s new for him, feeling like… like it’s okay to want things, like Cas said, even something as frivolous as choosing couch time over his less pressing responsibilities, the stupid shit he denies himself because he thinks he’s supposed to.
To his surprise, Dean balks at the suggestion. “Well, uh—” he pauses, eyes darting away. “Not that, maybe.”
Dean knows he didn’t imagine the hint of tension between them—the anticipation—when they decided to go back to the cabin. But the walk is so long that by the time they return, whatever air of suggestion transpired between them has mostly dissipated, and Dean’s trying not to shiver as the early spring weather finally starts to get to him.
“Check it out, Sammy,” Dean brags when Sam wanders into the kitchen to see what Dean’s yelling about. Dean holds his hand next to his face, wiggling his fingers. “Cas finally made an honest man outta me.”
“I didn’t mean to start without you,” Cas replies, almost suspiciously casual. “That man over there bought this for me.”
This is ridiculous. He’s already been over all of this with himself—having a sex dream happens sometimes. Being attracted to your friend just
Dean is the one to finally break the silence. “So,” he says, drawing the word out, pointedly making direct eye contact with Castiel. “Think I’ll go to bed.” He waits a tense beat before adding, “You coming?”
so damn good, chest flushed, gaze trained on Dean with laser focus. Dean has to squeeze his eyes shut again, overwhelmed, letting out a desperate moan that Cas answers with one of his own.
Dean lets a few beats of silence pass before smiling at Castiel, something slow and soft that Castiel gets to see far too infrequently. “Yeah,” he says, voice a gentle murmur. “Okay.”
His hands slide up to frame Cas’s face, Cas’s arms encircling his waist, pulling them together tight as their lips meet, the thrill familiar but all the more intense in light of this moment, this incredible step they’re taking.
Dean’s hard shockingly quick, was probably already halfway there the second Cas growled in his ear at the bar. Cas is in a similar state, and Dean slides his hand down to cup the hot, firm shape of him, gasping when Cas groans in response and bites Dean’s lip. Dean pulls back and huffs out a laugh that’s almost too breathless to be audible. “Damn, Cas, you didn’t start without me, did you?”
. It’s less novel now, but still exhilarating to catch sight of Dean and experience such abject want, taken over by the inescapable urge to do something, sorely tempted to stop whatever he’s doing and get his hands and mouth on Dean’s bare skin as soon as possible.
“Yeah,” Dean says, surprisingly quiet and sincere compared to Castiel’s teasing tone. “Please,” he adds after a brief silence.
For a moment he and Cas just look at each other, before Dean breaks the silence. “That was quite an impressive performance,” he says with a cheeky smile. Cas is even more mesmerizing up close. Dean isn’t a stranger to wearing armor himself, but there’s something about the way it looks on Cas that stirs up a secret pleasure in his stomach.
kind of trouble, but Dean’s not optimistic about his odds at the moment. Cas crosses his arms and Dean’s attention is helplessly drawn to the way his biceps flex, pulling the fabric of his sleeves taut – god, that’s one of Dean’s old shirts, and it actually looks a little tight on Cas, which is so unfair on so many levels. Dean tears his gaze away and catches the tiny smirk on Cas’s lips, realizing Dean’s distraction may have been intentional. That sneaky bastard.
. Dean’s expecting Cas to join him any second, climb onto the mattress and press him down. Dean’s looking forward to that, traces his fingertips up his thighs again, eyes slipping closed, imagining Cas’s solid weight on top of him, anticipating his hands touching Dean all over. It’s a beat too long with nothing, and Dean’s wondering what the hell the holdup is when Cas chimes in again. “Let’s see it.”
It wasn’t a completely tame dream, sure, but this time that stuff took a backseat to everything else. There was more talking and
gives a shit, at least. He tamps down the rising irritation, clearing his throat. “It could be linked to an ongoing investigation. I’m afraid the details have to stay within the bureau,” he say, falsely good-natured, trying to turn on the charm, though he only earns himself an unimpressed stare for his trouble. “You understand.”
,” Castiel purrs, leaning in for another thorough kiss. “You were breathtaking.” He’s well aware of how such compliments make Dean blush – that’s part of the appeal for Castiel, helplessly charmed, as always, by the way the pink contrasts with Dean’s lovely freckles.
. He reminds himself how good it felt when he was honest with Cas about his feelings, when he finally gave in and held Cas’s hand. Maybe he’s not done stepping outside his comfort zone today after all.
Maybe it got boring for Cas to exist in an uninterrupted stream, not even breaking it up with food or sleep. Dean tries to imagine what that would be like for him and, yeah, that would get pretty tedious. Cas says he enjoys those things for their own sake, which makes sense to Dean too – a good meal or a nap are still great even if you don’t necessarily
For a minute Dean had forgotten about anything outside of the two of them, but that bubble’s undeniably been burst now, and they exchange a brief glance before going to the door and unlocking it.
It’s perfect just like this, lush and indulgent and strangely comfortable for how new it is. Cas’s lips against his, gentle but confident, with an enthusiasm that only makes Dean more eager, puts the proverbial butterflies in his stomach, stirs up a slow heat within him.
Cas slots in another weight and flexes his fingers, drawing Dean’s eyes to his hands. They’re huge and tan, but it’s not like that’s the result of regular workouts. They’ve always been like that, no matter how hard Dean tried not to notice. He definitely can’t ignore it now. “Why wouldn’t I be?” Cas asks.
“Ain’t just my opinion,” Jones interrupts, still addressing Cas. “People ‘round here have certain values and I don’t appreciate this shit bein’ brought to my neighborhood.” He’s starting to get in Cas’s space now, but Cas stands his ground.
As soon as he sets the tumbler on the bar top, Charlie glances over. “Hey,” she says, cluing back in now that the bartender is off filling up pitchers of beer. “I told you I was treating. Let me get you something.”
– about Cas’s life before, about Dean’s life too. Shit he’s never talked about with anyone. Stuff not even Sam knows. It just feels easier here, removed from all other distractions, and things come pouring out. His secrets, his fears, memories of his childhood and his dad that he’d buried deep, never heard himself say out loud before.
Everything seems a lot clearer than it did only hours ago. Looking into Cas’s eyes, Dean’s struck by how
in Cas’s kiss, Dean can’t pretend otherwise anymore, can’t help but greedily soak it up either, revel in it and repay it in turn instead of convincing himself he doesn’t deserve it. If he gets to wake up with Cas in his bed like this, touching him gently and looking at him like he’s something precious, he must have done
Yeah, Dean’s painfully aware that the denial shit doesn’t fly with Cas. He knows Dean too well and he’s not afraid to remind him. And Dean makes that pretty easy for him, goes pliant and lets Cas haul him around and push him onto the mattress, legs splaying wide so Cas can slot in between them.
Dean just keeps smiling at him, a softness in his expression that has nothing to do with lingering sleepiness. It’s a moment Castiel’s experienced so many times, when he realizes that if he hadn’t fallen for Dean so long ago, this would be enough to get him there.
Dean blinked. He still wasn’t entirely accustomed to everyone always knowing everything about what was going on. “Yes, ma’am,” he answered. “It’s a very nice door, too. I should be all set for now.”
“Keep in mind that the social structure at Willow River is… loose, at best,” Cas added. “Most are here because they want a new life, away from what they had before. Their reasons are their own.”
Cas didn’t bother replying to that. He opened the door to his room and stepped inside, making room for Dean. The space was simple. They lived on the frontier. He didn’t see any need for the embellishments and adornments common in the more civilized lands far to the east. The walls were framed and whitewashed, hung with shelves. Uniformly sized boxes were tucked away under the bed. The bed itself was narrow, wide enough only for himself. There was a pile of books stacked on the floor, and more on the shelves.
“Can’t they, I don’t know, get some sort of direction on it using their magic? Or can’t you smell it yourself? When we were close enough I could smell it.” He wrinkled his nose at the memory.
“I signed up either way.” Dean said with a shrug as he sat down near to the fire to dig into his meal. For having been raised in the east just as Castiel was, he didn’t appear to have the best of table manners.
“Which would also require sugar. Upon further reflection, I am quite certain that sugar is already on the list. My brother has a fierce sweet tooth and would not neglect what he considers a staple food.”
“A couple problems with that one,” Dean responded. “Where am I going to find a foal? Also, this is a one year contract.” That topic felt almost taboo, but. It was the truth. There was a chance, yes, but no guarantees Dean would still be here after the year was up.
Dean definitely wants to see what it’s doing to Cas to look at him like this, is certainly not opposed to the image of Cas’s giant hands touching his cock, but any potential answer Dean could summon up dies in his throat, lost on a sudden moan just at the
But Cas doesn’t answer him right away, just gazes at him fondly for a moment, smiles until Dean smiles back. “Do you remember the ring I found in one of the spare rooms?”
He reaches back and Cas helps by smoothing his hands over the flesh of his ass and spreading him open – Dean blushes furiously at the exposure but he’s too far gone to be deterred by any embarrassment, cock so hard by now it
because of him, has them already, blooming bright on his smooth skin. This is exactly what Castiel was worried about. He had no idea he was being so rough, so
“Is there maybe a number I could reach you at if I think of anything?” she asks, her real question unmistakable.
Whatever teasing smugness Dean had seems to fade away as he hits play and sits back. Dean’s unintentionally put distance between them again, and he seems to be struggling with how to regain it without making it too obvious. Castiel makes things easy for him, reaching for his hand to lace their fingers together, trying not to seem too smug himself when Dean visibly relaxes. He even goes as far as to tentatively rest his head against Castiel’s shoulder, a bit stiff and awkward until Castiel squeezes his hand reassuringly, and Dean relaxes even further, huffing out a laugh.
Dean snorts. “Figured you’d be into, I dunno,” he rolls his eyes to the ceiling, casting around for something appropriate, “Meditation or something for the feel-good vibes.”
tonight, and he doesn’t need this surge of emotion on top of it, feeling the lump forming anew in his throat, shaking his head, closing his eyes.
Dean doesn’t know what Cas sees in his expression – panic maybe, or something like defeat – but the steel in his eyes softens.
Cas is with him in this, and thinking about how they’ve got this secluded (kinda romantic) cabin to themselves for a while definitely gets his heart and mind racing, and he’s restless with anticipation all over again. But it’s not a bad sense of anticipation, for all that it’s still kind of terrifying. Looking forward to good things is a novel experience for him.
Dean’s smirking at Castiel, but he still complies, because even boneless and spent, Dean is desperate for this. Undoubtedly there’s a lingering part of Dean that struggles with his true desires, that he enjoys this so greedily. But with Castiel, he puts those desires on flagrant display, and Castiel doesn’t take that vulnerability for granted.
Immediately Dean’s posture slumps by an almost imperceptible degree, but Castiel doesn’t miss it. “I mean, you don’t have to or anything.”
But the part of him that dares to hope recognizes the promise Cas is making to him. Being with Dean doesn’t have to mean that Cas gives up his freedom, or that Dean has to feel abandoned, as long as Dean trusts Cas enough to believe he’ll return. Cas has earned that trust by now.
he’s so exquisitely gorgeous. Castiel smiles back and brushes the sweat-damp hair off of Dean’s forehead, overwhelmed by that heady combination of arousal and affection that never fails to make his heart pound. “Okay?” he asks, trailing his fingers down to cup Dean’s cheek.
Cas has tuned them out, already busy poking around, sitting at the giant carved-wood desk to look in the drawers, rifling through files.
Cas decides to be even more of a little shit and throw Dean a look that says they both know exactly how untrue that statement is. “I can come back for you if you can’t go on.”
“Cas?” he tries again, suspicions confirmed when Cas inhales sharply at the sound of his name, abruptly slowing to a stop.
If his sleep is dreamless, it’s definitely for the best. That’s what he’s been hoping for all along.
He reaches down to touch himself, to give himself that last little push, but… There’ve been times when he’s so worked up, when Cas has the perfect angle inside him, that he’s felt maddeningly close to orgasm, but he’s always needed more to tip him over the edge, too impatient to see it through. He gives himself a few light strokes and eases off, inches himself that little bit closer because god, he might actually get off from this, just from being fucked, and he wants to see if he can do it. He touches himself again, fingertips grazing the wet head of his dick until it’s almost too much and withdraws his hand, balling it into a fist next to Cas’s head.
“Still kinda weird to me,” he mumbles. It’s not that he isn’t relieved; he’s definitely glad that this isn’t his worst-case, nightmare scenario, but it’s still not the kind of place he’s used to.
He and Cas take it in turns challenging people, roping them into playing fast and loose with their extraneous income. Dean’s up first, absolutely destroying some drunk blowhard at darts, while Cas hangs back, ready to step in and help out if things turn ugly. He sits at the bar, taking slow sips from his glass and watching Dean like a hawk, protectiveness and admiration in his gaze every time Dean sneaks a glance in his direction. Dean kinda… likes that, if he’s being honest, feels confident and
Dean tries not to think about the burdens he’s been forced to take on, because acknowledging them means facing how heavily they weigh on him. But it doesn’t seem as hard when Cas is here with him, and instead of getting defensive over the sympathy in Cas’s voice, he lets himself be comforted by it.
Dean finally spots him staring, apparently catches on to Castiel’s not-so-subtle implication that Dean is the view that Castiel finds the most inspiring. “Oh my god,” he mutters, aiming for exasperated, as if that covers up for the way his cheeks are quickly turning pink. Castiel’s growing to enjoy the fact that he can make Dean blush.
Dean’s gearing up to reply with a sexual innuendo about his ‘skills’ but when he glances in Cas’s direction, sees this
Cas takes the barbell to a bench and sets it down on the support pegs. “It was hot,” he says with a shrug, adding weight to the bar.
like he does with Cas. He accepts everything eagerly, so very ready to follow orders – it’s both alarming and not shocking at all how easily this comes to him – and he’s always rewarded for being open to the experience, for permitting Cas to break down some of his walls.
He’s a little surprised he’s being so forthcoming, but he’s way too far gone to actually care, pleased with himself for that bit of ego-stroking – because as predicted, that finally gets Cas in gear and he moans in relief when Cas finally pushes into him, careful but undeterred.
and it’s…” He sits up straighter in his seat. “Listen, you know me, it’s not like I go around… flaunting anything. But people still figure it out, what the deal is with me and Cas, and they’re total dicks about it. Like people say shit, or—or
He’s seen things like this on television, read about it in enough stories, both ancient and modern, to know he’s a textbook example of someone in love. Love isn’t about checking boxes or meeting criteria, so it wasn’t just empirical evidence that convinced him. It’s how he feels. He just
Cas is silent, face neutral, but Dean can see the mirth shining in his eyes as he reaches into his pocket. Dean tries to get a look at what he has in his hand and –
He turns to look at Dean, because as breathtaking as the scenery is, there’s no sight more compelling to Castiel. “Yes,” he says almost dreamily, admiring the shape of Dean’s mouth, the slope of his nose, the brightness of his eyes.
“Longing takes many forms,” Cas replies, eyes flitting away. “I didn’t know if—” He pauses and looks at Dean again. “I didn’t know if it was for you what it was like for me.”
Jones is a middle-aged guy with a heavy brow and dark eyes, tall and fit for a guy in his forties, especially for someone living in a town that must not see a lot of action – ex-military, if Dean had to guess. He’s also got an exaggerated sense of self-importance and chip on his shoulder that can be seen from space.
Then there’s the time when Cas spends all day appearing suddenly and crowding into Dean’s space, mouth hot and hands relentless, only to vanish without a word once Dean’s worked up and raring to go. He pulls that little stunt
Castiel does feel better after his conversation with Dean. Of course, he never thought even for a second that Dean would actually stray, but it’s nice to hear it out loud, confirm that Dean wants Castiel to know how devoted it is. So, yes, he’s glad they talked about it.
“The entire world isn’t your responsibility, Dean,” Cas continues. “You’ve done more than anyone could ever ask of you. You deserve to rest,” he says with conviction. Then, more hesitantly, “If that’s what you want.”
But after the heat of the day, Dean didn’t expect for it to get so cold so fast. They didn’t have any luck building a fire with the island still mostly damp, no tools to use, and the shelter taking priority. So the lack of a fire isn’t ideal, but Dean has to admit that the wet clothes aren’t helping either.
on the tip of his tongue before he realizes that hits too close to home, so he reels it back. “Phone call,” he mumbles instead.
Dean sighs heavily as he slings his duffel bag into the trunk. He knew they couldn’t stay forever, but there’d still been that part of him that was willing to try, that honestly entertained the idea of just leaving everything else behind and permanently living in the woods with Cas.
“The duck?” Cas asks, following Dean’s line of sight. He looks at the bird for a moment, narrowing his eyes in thought. “That’s the
Dean’s fingers creep along his hip and over his belly, inching back down towards his cock, but he finds himself holding back at the last minute, even though he wants it,
It turns out that a little compromise is a good thing; working together, they have a passably sturdy shelter constructed before sundown.
And if that’s something Dean’s asking for, Castiel’s eager to give it to him, though he can’t call his motivations entirely selfless. Because if he’s being honest with himself… he likes it too.
For the next couple of days he paces, fidgets, sleeps restlessly. He also keeps checking his phone so often that he gets disgusted with himself, but that doesn’t stop him from doing it. He cycles through all his compulsive self-soothing behavior: rearranging his entire room, washing ten cars in the garage (not including his own), alphabetizing his movie collection. He’d planned on cleaning the kitchen within an inch of its life, but he took one look at the counter and
Cas’s expression softens as he seems to pick up on Dean’s frustration. “I don’t want to hurt you,” he says gently.
over his shoulder while he hands it over at the front desk. “I hope you guys can control yourselves for a few nights,” Sam mutters once the clerk has disappeared into the back room, out of earshot. He says it with a smirk, because he know he’s getting a rise out of Dean, but Dean picks up on the genuine worry there, Sam’s fear that he’s going to hear or
as Dean unravels. Dean comes with a muffled cry, teeth sinking into the pads of Cas’s fingers, spilling into his hand.
But Castiel can’t say that he’s much better off himself. Whatever had been building between them up until this point, Castiel has rapidly accelerated by inviting Dean into the shower with him. He’s not sure what he was expecting or hoping for at the time, though he was of course open to all possibilities; he just wanted to be closer to Dean. And he certainly accomplished that. It just seemed foolish to be in there by himself, thinking of nothing but Dean. He can’t think about much other than Dean right now either.
Right now is a perfect example. They’re half-dressed on their bed, and Dean feels so good beneath him, arching into Castiel’s reverent touch, humming appreciatively through their joined lips. Castiel opens his mouth enough to let his tongue slide against Dean’s, running his hand along Dean’s thigh to encourage him to part his legs wider, wrap them around Castiel. Castiel can feel how hard Dean is when their hips rock together, and that’s always so gratifying, always makes Castiel that much harder himself, responding eagerly to Dean’s arousal.
Castiel isn’t particularly proud of his reaction the other day at the hotel. He’d always considered himself above such things, capable of more civilized ways of working through an uncomfortable situation. That kind of behavior is unseemly, foolish, and it ultimately accomplishes nothing, but no matter how many times he tries to convince himself, tries to talk himself down rationally, it never works.
He comes back from the bathroom when Cas is still changing, and he stops in the doorway and stares before he can stop himself, watching with sweaty palms as Cas unbuttons his jeans and slides them down. It shouldn’t matter. This isn’t anything new, just like countless experiences he’s had hunting with Cas, staying in motels, but the difference given their context, the state of things now, is huge.
“How does that feel?” Castiel asks, almost without meaning to. Dean’s arousal is evident, but a part of him just needs to hear Dean say it.
Dean allows him to continue for a few minutes, until he’s relaxed and pliant for Castiel, but his patience has clearly run out. “Cas, c’mon,” he says, renewed urgency in his voice. “I need you,” he breathes, words seeming to tumble out before he can stop them.
– maybe the one who sent the drink, maybe someone else entirely – wanders over and slips onto the empty barstool next to Cas’s, a gleam in his eye. Then he catches sight of Dean giving him a dirty look, Dean letting his fingers curl around Cas’s arm before he even realizes that he’s doing it, and he slinks away.
It’s still not always easy to tell what that motivation will be, Dean thinks, side-eyeing Cas, simultaneously wishing Cas could just read his mind and praying that he can’t. Something like the whole mess with Scott would probably do it. Not that Dean can count on that kind of luck actually presenting itself just because he wants it. And he’s getting pretty tired of waiting for a prime opportunity like that one to fall into his lap.
“Thanks, Charlie,” Dean replies, just as distracted as she is, though for entirely different reasons.
Dean is both an enigma and almost comically transparent. He can project his desires like a beacon but be so vehement in his denial that it even seems convincing. At first.
At first, all Dean gets in response is a low hum that he takes for acknowledgment. He’s not sure if he just woke Cas up, but the deep rumble of his voice
Castiel hardly needs to be convinced, but he’s still grateful to hear it, the undeniable proof that Dean wants this, found the courage to ask for it after all, to trust Castiel with that.
Dean thinks, scowling. “Well, fuck them,” he says, reaching for the antiseptic. “The people that matter like you.”
Or when they’re interviewing a witness that gets a bit chummy with Dean, wandering off-topic towards a more casual chat, entirely too enthusiastic and engaged for someone participating in harmless small talk. Even through the corner of his eye, Dean can see the annoyed clench of Cas’s jaw, his blatantly irritated sigh going right through Dean because, well, Cas is hot all the time, in Dean’s opinion, but especially when he’s pissed, and Dean allows himself to be hopeful that this might play out in his favor. But then Cas seems to snap himself out of it, steering the conversation back in an appropriate direction –
“And it’s not just them that’s the problem,” he admits, barely above a whisper. “It’s me. Cause it still kinda freaks me out that they can tell. And I know it shouldn’t, it shouldn’t bother me at all, like why the hell would I care what some random douchebag thinks about me?” He swallows hard, losing steam. “Cause I’m not,” his throat tightens up and he tries again. “I’m not embarrassed about being with Cas, I’m
“I don’t think mine fit very well anymore,” Cas says, as if answering Dean’s thoughts, pulling contemplatively at his collar.
“You know,” Cas says after a few beats of silence, touch gentle on Dean’s skin, tracing patterns over his heart. “I dream about this, too.”
Dean’s consistently swept up in the softness of Cas’s lips, the passion Cas always pours into this, whether it’s methodical and sweet or almost overwhelmingly intense, sloppy with their shared eagerness. There’s, well…
is just as unpleasant as it’s always been, like a fucking itch under his skin. It’s not like Dean’s never gone a while without sex before, but it’s different being in the same
Cas hums indulgently when he feels Dean press against him, but he doesn’t lose his focus. “You get so worked up so quickly—you’re so
Cas looks unimpressed, raising his eyebrow in the way that usually means trouble for Dean – often enough, it’s the
There’s even an actual kitchen with an actual stove – not some dinky wood-burning thing, but one Dean can really do something with. He’s glad he had the foresight to stock up on as much food as he could fit in the cooler. Sure, there’s a general store not too far away where they could grab some essentials if they need them, but if Dean has any say in it, they’re gonna leave this place as little as possible.
Castiel heeds Dean’s request, the slow pace torturous, almost too much for him – he can’t even imagine what it’s like for Dean.
When he’s gone, Castiel exhales shakily and reaches for the remote, watching the TV screen go blank. His entertainment may be gone, but the confusing mix of emotions rattling around in his brain is more than enough to keep him occupied until morning.
“Okay,” Dean replies. And this time he knows what he’s agreeing to, shuffling closer, lips parting readily as Castiel brings the strawberry to his mouth. Dean’s less careful with it this time, and Castiel’s breath hitches at the distinct scrape of teeth against the pads of his fingers.
All too often they want each other like this but have to pretend otherwise, and now that they don’t have to fake it it’s spilling out uncontrollably – and kind of sloppily, honestly, now that alcohol is involved. Dean is fidgeting in his seat, pinned by Cas’s gaze, genuine arousal coursing through him. That’s just the effect Cas has on him, no matter where they are.
Cas gazes intently into his eyes as they lie face to face, their legs nearly intertwined, and pulls Dean into a passionate kiss. Dean readily gives himself over to it, rolling to let Cas press him down on his back, feeling flower stems bend beneath his weight.
Although if Charlie thought a weaker drink would cool them off a little, she may have miscalculated. They’re long past needing hard liquor to fuel this fire, and if anything, the beer might just be further enabling them; Dean’s finding Cas’s long, thick fingers on the neck of his bottle incredibly distracting, and Cas seems equally interested whenever Dean raises his own bottle to his lips and takes a slow pull.
they were in this situation, or close to it – Castiel seated at the foot of the bed, Dean kneeling before him, offering the pleasure of his mouth. As enjoyable as Dean’s efforts were, Castiel still found himself distracted by the motion of Dean’s hand between his own legs, palming himself through his jeans, the faint noises he emitted already rising in urgency. Castiel couldn’t help but think of all the times it was over for Dean before it began, before Castiel could get
imagining it almost non-stop since he gave Cas the green light, practically giddy with anticipation, desperate to see what Cas is capable of when he breaks free of the boundaries of civility and gives in to that unbridled intensity that comes to him so naturally. Dean can’t fucking wait for the next time someone looks at him funny.
bold by blatantly propositioning Dean right in front of him, putting her hands on him as if she were entitled to do so, that Castiel’s resolve finally crumbled.
He dares to place his hand over Dean’s, gently traces his wrist with his thumb. “I can get rid of it,” he says in a breathless rush, practically pleads with Dean to let Castiel heal him, hates this tension between them. He
Cas’s eyes flash, a smirk gracing his lips as he recognizes the challenge in Dean’s words. “Not too winded to make you regret those words.”
Dean turns and catches him when he greedily takes a third picture, just in case. He blinks and raises an eyebrow at Castiel. “Did you just…?”
The traces of apprehension in Dean’s expression, a fear of rejection maybe, slowly slip away, transforming into something unmistakably hopeful. Excited. “Okay,” he says, failing to fight off an almost giddy grin. “Guess we’re on the same page then.”
Perhaps there are other elements that Castiel hasn’t uncovered yet, but he imagines that’s only a matter of time.
He still doesn’t believe it, exactly, but Cas looks so proud of him for trying – and maybe he’s getting a little closer to buying into it. Maybe.
If he has a plan at all, that is. Dean’s not sure which prospect he likes better – Cas mapping this all out, putting time into
Dean holds Cas while he can. “Yeah,” he agrees, blinking past the familiar burn behind his eyelids. “It really is.”
“This one’s free,” Dean says, gesturing stiffly to one of the spare bedrooms. It’s not much in the way of décor or amenities, though Cas isn’t known for being picky about that kind of thing. What it does have is four walls and a decent mattress, which makes it pretty damn good in Dean’s opinion. It’s also two doors down from Dean’s, not that he’s keeping track. “You know,” he mumbles, as Cas steps inside and looks around. “If you want it.”
And now, pulled back from the brink of death at the hands of some grisly evil, she’s apparently just decided to go for it.
“Yeah, no kidding,” Dean says with a huff of a laugh, lips quirking for a moment before his expression becomes serious again. “Look, it’s not like—we don’t…
Castiel pointedly leaves another love bite on Dean’s thigh before shifting back up so they’re face to face. “Don’t rush me,” he murmurs into Dean’s ear, tugging his hair in playful chastisement. It’s not an actual reprimand, but Castiel never fails to be enthralled by the way that makes Dean break out in goosebumps, a flush starting high on his cheeks and spreading down to his chest.
fun – Dean loves that side of Cas, so he’s not about to argue if he gets to see it more often. Especially because it’s super hot when Cas really gets into character, dropping some throwaway line about how
Dean’s grin softens into something that’s as close to shy as Castiel’s ever seen on him. “Okay,” he says after a few moments of deliberation, idly stroking Castiel on the arm, sliding his hand up to his shoulder to lean in and kiss him on the cheek before taking his seat.
to keep his cool when he sees Cas. He might’ve underestimated how much time that would take, or just how deeply this whole thing has sunk his claws into him.
It’s not just that it’s uncomfortable, it’s that he spent the last couple of months looking at Cas and remembering how it felt to be with him in purely hypothetical, fabricated scenarios, but now he
He considers opening himself up, straddling Cas’s broad torso and sinking down – but while riding Cas’s dick is definitely an appealing idea, it might be more athletic than Dean’s up for, when it’s first thing in the morning and he’s still slow and sleep-hazy. He’s comfortable where he is, likes the feeling of Cas’s thick thighs bracketing his waist. Besides, it doesn’t look like Cas is about to do any of the work right now, the lazy ass. Dean isn’t really complaining.
, Dean thinks, throat dry, he and Cas aren’t even doing anything, really, and god knows Dean’s not trying to attract attention – is that how fucking obvious it is, that some stranger can tell just by the way they stand next to each other, the way they look at each other?
After a few days of successful evasion, Dean’s finally managed to convince himself that that dream was nothing but a fluke, that he can totally continue on with business as usual, because all that’s behind him.
Castiel gets up and moves closer to the bed. He merely observes at first, heart aching at the uneasiness he radiates, intent on banishing whatever harrowing visions are tormenting him. While Castiel’s not sure of the specific source of his unrest – he could find that out easily, but he won’t invade Dean’s privacy like that – he’s uncomfortably aware that the list of potential nightmare scenarios for Dean is nearly endless.
“Dean,” Castiel says fondly but firmly, cutting him off. He reaches out to Dean still seated on the couch, fingers grazing his jaw, gripping his chin and tilting his face up so Castiel can look into his eyes. “Didn’t you say you wanted to make dinner?” Castiel had attentively listened to his plans over their coffee earlier, charmed by the way that Dean, who used to insist that he only needed fast food and takeout for sustenance, was so committed to making a home-cooked meal even in a remote woodland cabin.
“Okay.” A few beats pass, and Cas shifts on his feet, clearing his throat. “I was planning on heading out in the morning.”
To Dean’s further chagrin, Cas backpedals and pokes his head into Dean’s room. “Did you say something?”
Because this is it, right here. What he wants, what he gets to have – for the rest of his life, even, if he allows it. And after years of denial and conflict, of grief and separation, he’s finally ready to do that.
written off as nothing, knowing that given Dean’s confused, conflicted feelings, his actions might not mean what it seems like they do. But if he opens his mind up to the possibility, he thinks he understands that look now, recognizes it because it’s no doubt the same expression he has on his own face whenever Dean is around. A certain yearning and affection, some unbearable mixture of misery and hope.
“The site of the attack isn’t too far off our route home,” Cas supplies helpfully, tapping away at his own phone in the back seat. He catches Dean’s eyes in the mirror. “It wouldn’t hurt to stop for the night, anyway,” he says carefully, and yep, there it is, the ever-present
and go for it, no matter how bold that seems. Then he eyes his own bed on the other side of the room, big and empty and not nearly as inviting as it should be after the afternoon he had. He takes a deep breath and climbs into it anyway. Apparently he’s been brave enough for today.
It’s a slow descent back to earth, and on the edge of his awareness he can hear Cas whispering his name, hushed and reverent, affection and
She seems a little thrown off by the question, which, yeah, that’s fair, maybe he could’ve brought it up a little more tactfully. “Ooookay,” she says slowly, setting down her tablet and sliding it aside. “That was random. And kinda heavy when I’m only on my first cup? Like, seriously, give a girl a little warning.” She picks up her coffee and sits back, looking at him intently. “But yeah, sure, let’s get into it, why not?”
Then one night as they’re heading to bed, Dean’s en route to the dresser to dig out something comfy to crash in when Cas catches him by the wrist. He reels Dean in close, kisses him slow and thorough, pulls back just to look at him, expression thoughtful, thumb tracing Dean’s cheekbone, his mouth.
, god, he’s so loose and wet from Cas’s mouth. Dean releases his death grip on the bedding, reaching down to hold himself open now that one of Cas’s hands is occupied. His face is on fire and he doesn’t have the words right now, stunned into silence at his own shamelessness, hoping that’s a bold enough display to say
When they look at each other again, Dean’s more awake, the expression on his face inscrutable. Castiel freezes, afraid of ruining the moment, equally wary of pushing too far and of pulling away from what could be a long-awaited opportunity.
He tries to gives as good as he gets, at a bit of a disadvantage in this position but not complaining one bit, pushing his tongue into Cas’s mouth, no finesse at all, sloppily eager.
Dean presses his lips together, feeling his blush flare up again, struggles to say it out loud, like always.
He tips over the edge with a moan that Dean echoes when Castiel spills onto his tongue. Dean swallows everything Castiel has to give him, throat working around Castiel’s cock, and Castiel swears again at the heightened sensation, gasps Dean’s name.
“Aww, come on,” Dean drawls, pasting on a flirtatious smirk. “You wouldn’t do that to me, would you?”
, too prideful and ashamed all at once to find Cas and ask him to join. He sheds his shirt thoughtlessly, tossing it in with the laundry, but when he slips his jeans off, his eyes are drawn to the dark marks on his hips, his thighs, the smattering of hickies and fingerprints. He’s hard in an instant just from the sight of them, last night still fresh in his mind, even more vivid when he presses his fingers into a bruise, feels the renewed ache.
Hitting up the local bar they’ve been frequenting does the trick, at first: shutting his brain off for a bit, sitting calmly next to Cas and savoring their drinks, their knees brushing together on occasion. Not sitting
“I’m not going anywhere, sweetheart,” Dean promised. He dragged his lips down along the column of Cas’ throat, pausing now and then for more small nips and kisses. Cas tilted his head back to allow full access.
Cas placed his hand over Dean’s. At first Dean thought he was going to push his hand away, but then he laced their fingers together and squeezed.
Dean stroked her back, lightly tugging the long blonde braid. “You and Sammy take care of each other, yeah? And you watch out for him when I’m not around.”
Dean, too, shifted as early as possible. The horses were used to him by now, and didn’t do more than flick an ear as he loped past.
As Smoky was already in eye-rolling distress, Dean didn’t bother to keep his distance. He turned around and walked up to the two of them, shifted and pulled his clothes out of the saddle bag.
Cas raised a brow as he studied his Familiar. “Yes, of course. I had to leave most of the books at the Angelus family library behind when I left with Gabriel, but I was able to take a handful with me. I have since managed to acquire a few more. There were two books in the package cousin Balthazar sent with you from New Avalon, rare books on arcana. He hesitated. “Would you like to see them?”
Sometimes he had to metaphorically bite his tongue to keep from snapping at the other man. There were a few times he couldn’t entirely hold back his growls.
Hair thing? “Thank you?” Cas poured himself another glass and downed it just as quickly. “You also have eyes. And freckles. And…” He waved his hand in Dean’s general direction.
“So,” he says, clearing his throat, “You like taking charge, huh.” Even Dean realizes what he’s doing, projecting everything onto Cas. Old habits, and all.
They carry on as usual together without that element, falling back into the familiar ease they’ve always shared in bed, the natural way their bodies connect – and it’s good,
And yeah, he definitely doesn’t look contrite, just annoyed over their moment being spoiled. Dean gets it – Cas is only expressing his regret for the world at large. Cas may be kind of a
Dean shouldn’t be so excited by what just happened, what he’s seeing right now, but there it is, right in front of him: Cas’s clenched jaw, the sharpness coloring his words, the almost predatory look in his eyes. That’s the spark Dean’s been looking for, the hint of danger that Cas carries so well. It’s still there.
,” he says silkily, nothing at all like Dean’s clumsy admission. When he pulls back his smile is more deliberately seductive than before, because Cas is a sadistic bastard who knows exactly how easily he can hold Dean in his thrall, and he’s even more shameless about exploiting that than usual, even in a public setting. Dean would find that unfair, but he’s here with this dude who’s crazy hot (and kind, and smart, and supportive, and patient, and—) who wants a piece of Dean and then some, so what’s he complaining about, really?
“Not your decision to make,” Jody pointed out. “We’re all adults. I can’t order anyone to participate, not really. No one signed any contracts. Well, other than you, Dean.” She smiled humorlessly. “And that contract is more or less void anyhow, now that you’ve done the life bond with each other.”
Donna moved over to take Ellen’s place. She nodded her head in Bobby’s direction, encouraging Ellen to sit by his side now that he was stable. “You’ve done everything you can, Castiel. More than could have been expected. Come with me, now. Dean and I will get you all tucked up into bed, nice and warm. Won’t we, Dean?”
“I know that, but still.” He looked around, curious. Dean remembered that Sam hadn’t been here yet. Even finding his way to Willow River had been new for him. Dean wondered how successful he would have been if it weren’t for Jessica’s ability to soar high and spy the settlement from a distance. “We’ve got the plan. We’ll stick to it for as long as we can.” If there was anything he knew about plans, it’s that they rarely survived the first encounter with the opposition.
As soon as Dean was close enough to reach out and touch Cas, to feel the warmth of his skin under his fingers, something settled. Cas stirred slightly, shifted towards Dean.
“It’s a little bit nicer once you get past the gate,” Charlie assured him. “By a small degree of nicer. Not so muddy? Most of the time.”
Dean felt Castiel’s power tingle through his bloodstream, knowing that the same was happening to Cas. He had short partnerships before. All Familiars did, as part of their training. This, though, as temporary as it was, was deeper than he had ever gone before. It felt strange, but still comfortable. Not letting go Castiel’s arm, Dean opened his mind and sent a tendril of thought.
Gabriel was clearly not amused. “You’re lucky you’re a strong Familiar, you realize this, right? You could have easily been killed, haring off after a corrupted
“Charlie,” Cas warned. “Whatever physical attributes Dean might have are no consequence to his suitability as a Familiar.”
Both Dean and Cas turned to look at  Pamela, only now noticing that she had shouldered her way back up on to the now close quarters of the tower platform. “You boys were taking too long,” she told them. “Nothing to be gained by engaging in conversation.”
Just like when Cas first brought Dean to Willow River months ago, a streak of red approached at speed shortly after the walls of the stockade came into view. Home. Relief mingled with apprehension as they approached. Cas was definitely looking forward to the pleasures of his own bed — and perhaps more importantly, a thorough bath in steaming warm water, the heat soaking into his muscles. Perhaps Dean would allow him to use some of the fine milled soap he’d brought from New Avalon. That soap was so much less harsh. His skin actually still felt smooth rather than all tight and dried out.
Cas would enjoy it himself. He was more content than some to be at home in Willow River, but it didn’t serve the purpose of his being here. He had a job to do, and restful as studying various texts could be, it was important to make use of the good conditions to make progress on their overarching task.
Cas’ jaw set in a hard line. “This is the Corruption that we fight. It disturbs me that it is east of the settlement. I’d thought we had this area cleansed.”
Cas shifted uncomfortably. Having Dean here in his room... he filled the space. More than filled it. His energy, his very being, felt enormous.
It led to the most intense experience of Dean’s life. He wasn’t entirely sure he didn’t pop a claw or two. If so, Cas had been polite enough not to mention it.
“Yes, ma’am,” Cas added his own agreement. “Gabe in our house?” He smiled thanks at Bess as she draped a blanket around his shoulders, providing some much-needed warmth and cover before giving the same to Dean.
“If we head out of the fortifications, we’re going to need somewhere defensible to hole up,” Dean answered. “I wouldn’t mind getting out of here for a little bit, to be honest. I’m getting some looks make me think to expect my dinner to be poisoned one of these days.”
“We’ll be good.” As soon as Cas had regained enough energy, Dean had little doubt that he’d be Healing himself and anyone else that needed it, including the horses. Dean would be right beside him, making sure all of the magic he used came through their bond, rather than his innate power.
“Rumors that he sometimes skirts the laws regarding consent, claiming that as the patriarch of the family he has the right to make fortuitous arrangements for his descendants, yes.”
They needed somewhere safe to hole up until that happened. If he remembered correctly, there were a few more caves nestled along the river banks. Dean picked Cas up again, bracing him in the most secure and balanced hold he could manage, and headed off towards the river. He was grateful for his cat's balance as he made his way along, avoiding bad footing and recovering quickly when he made any missteps.
Charlie settled beside him, tucking herself under his arm and leaning into his side. Dean wrapped his arm around her, grateful for her presence.
It took him a moment, but his healing work helped him figure out how. “What about you?” Cas asked Dean. They were already moving out towards the Saloon.
That earned a snort from Dean. “Sounds like. After breakfast we can start with my charm, Cas. Maybe you’ll even learn a thing or two.”
Losing Cas was infinitely more terrifying than having Cas. Here Cas was, challenging him as always, this time to show that he was ready for this bond between them to be a true partnership.
“As Gabriel has noted more than once, I was oblivious to the oddities. I barely knew the names of the Familiars I practiced with, and when it was time for the first short term contract, I was presented with Otto. He was substantially older than I. I thought he was in his sixties or seventies. I learned later that he was in his early forties.” Cas swallowed hard, his gaze turning haunted.
Dean came forward when Cas released the energy, butting his head against the Witch’s thigh. Cas dropped his hand atop Dean’s head. He allowed his fingers to rub lightly at the base of Dean’s ears. The physical contact was soothing. Even more soothing was the warmth that flowed through their bond.
Dean nodded. “Yes. My brother, Sam? He’s a scholar, with a particular interest in sigils. Every time he learned something new he’d tell me all about it, whether I wanted him to or not. The sigils had the dots and slashes that were common about three hundred years ago. In the centuries since people figured out that those elements didn’t really add anything to the sigils, so they were dropped in favor of paying more attention to the width and relative length of the lines.”
“Exhausted. Not quite as exhausted as you are, but still. Resting, but otherwise good. It was over fast. Not too much time for people to get hurt, honestly. Thankfully. You should sleep some more.”
“Yes, I imagined so.” Cas sighed. “I will handle my brother. It might be best for the both of you to stay away from the house until I have, however.”
“Cas.” Dean turned towards his Witch, reaching to rest his hands over Cas’ wrists, holding his gaze. “If not me, she’ll eventually find another Familiar, one without a kick-ass Witch in his corner. We already know what she can do. Do we want to be responsible for her escaping and doing all of this again? Even with limited power she’s been Corrupting countless creatures and sending them after Willow River. We can’t go on like this. You’ve said as much yourself. Retreat might allow
“Always have,” she replied, her voice breaking. “I hope the Witch waiting for you is a good man. If he isn’t, we’ll hunt him down.”
“You may have to learn to do it yourself,” Cas answered her solemnly. “Or talk miss Jo into it.” He winked.
Dean didn’t actually help load up the horses on the morning of their departure. As he suspected and warned Cas about, there was a lot of nervous eye-rolling and hoof stomping on the part of the animals. The mule was less perturbed than the horses, but still hardly comfortable with his presence. He thought it best not to get anywhere near their backs where they would feel vulnerable. He did stick nearby, though, so they got used to his scent.
“Good morning, ma’am,” he said, removing his hat politely. He gave her his charming smile. She was probably close to his mother’s age, but that didn’t mean a bit of flirting would be amiss. “I’m here to inquire about the advertisement seeking a Familiar. It says to speak to Mr. Balthazar Angelus.”
“What?” That woke Cas up entirely. He nearly fell out of bed in his haste to get up and gather some clothes together. “Alone? Why did no one stop him?” He started to put together a mental list of what supplies he would need, debated if he could afford to gather them and allow Dean to gain even more ground on him.
Rufus showed up as they were settling down with their drinks. “Whew. What a day.” He snapped his suspenders before settling down at the table. “Haven’t started yet?”
Conversation died down as the four of them drifted off to their own thoughts as they finished breakfast.
“Yeah, I know, but some of you take it a long, long way, getting lost in esoteric spell books that have little to no practical application. The joy is in the study of the spells rather than in figuring out how to apply things.”
“If you’ve got the skills to do it,” Dean agreed. “This place... Willow River in general... it’s got more of a community feel to it than I was expecting. Not sure what I was expecting, honestly, but wasn’t quite this.” He suddenly grinned. “So what do you think of Gabe’s paint choice for the exterior? I think he’s disappointed he hasn’t started a fad.”
It didn’t really change his impressions. He already was impressed by Dean and by how they worked together. “I will do whatever I can to help you remain outside of my brothers’ influence,” he promised.
The door to the saloon opened and some of the scouts carried Rufus and Bobby in. Dean’s heart lodged in his throat. Shit. Shit, fuck, shit. This was bad.
Even so, he felt a chill pressure exerting itself. “Open to me, pretty one,” she commanded. “Give me your power, if you want to stop the destruction I will heap upon your little riverside hamlet.”
“Yes, I was tasked with acquiring certain needed supplies, as I mentioned earlier.” He nodded towards the sack, then sat down on the second bed. There was little room between the two; space was at a premium in this sort of establishment.
“Memorial garden. No, I haven’t.” The water finished heating. Dean poured it over the tea mix he had left in the cup, and brought it over with him to join Cas by the bookshelf. “Have you lost a lot of people?”
“Yeah. But first…” Dean crossed the short distance between them, cupped the back of Cas’ head, and leaned in for a gentle kiss. “Had to do that.”
Cas reached out to rub his back. “Understood. I don’t particularly like the waiting, either, but in my judgment it’s still the better course of action.”
In the distance the clouds boiled up, stronger, darker, the lightning coming faster and more furiously. Winds kicked up even stronger.
Dean smirked at that one. “And some of them are pretty easy to like,” he added, as he reached up to ruffle Charlie’s hair.
Dean shrugged one shoulder. “Not that long. Maybe five minutes. I could feel you tapping into my magic. Wondered what was going on.”
“Me too,” Charlie said. “I am definitely in the mood for one of Ellen’s hearty stews. Or maybe Donna has another pie there... Or both! Both is good! Come on, Witchy-poo. Let’s go.”
“What’s going on at that end of the table?” Gabe called out. “Scoot on over to the middle here, Dean-o, and tell us all about the goings on in New Avalon.”
“Would she have minded me using her tea cups, do you think?” It made him realize there wasn’t a lot of him in the house. Not yet. He had his belongings he’d brought along, but those were tucked away in his own little room.
Cas used his magic to create a spark once he had the kindling properly arranged. “We did not show you the scope of the corruption to demoralize you,” he said. “But it’s important to know what we’re up against. We can’t let the corruption get a foothold on this side of the river. My personal goal is less to tackle the west so much as to be vigilant on this side of the river.”
Afterwards, they lay sprawled out next to each other, watching the sky darken out the cave entrance as storm clouds rolled in.
Cas silently handed her a mug with coffee and a plate with eggs. She sipped at the coffee and practically purred with contentment. “So. Good.”
In his experience people were rarely interested in his book collection. Even Gabriel avoided them unless he had no choice. Gabriel’s style of magic was far more instinctual than Cas practiced. Gabe didn’t use the tried and true forms captured in generations of spellbooks. He pictured what he wanted, and made it happen. Cas could do that when he had to, but he preferred to surround his spellworks in the structure and forms of tried and true sigils and incantations.
“We’re fine, Little Fox. A little worse for wear, but we both came back in one piece.” Dean hugged her close and then handed her over to Cas.
“Right. Thank you. Burlap, the height of privacy.” Small, but it actually had potential. Maybe a rug. He had a rug, he knew. His mother had claimed it would both serve as additional cushioning for the contents of the trunk during the trip and be useful once he arrived. He wondered if acquiring an actual mattress was an option. “At least it isn’t pink.”
Life quickly fell into a routine. Dean worked with Cas more intensively in the mornings, then they broke to work on the various tasks that needed to be done to keep Willow River running smoothly. Sometimes Dean hunted game near the settlement, sometimes he worked with Bobby, learning handyman tasks and lending an extra set of hands to whatever the older man was doing. By the time they were done, everyone in the settlement would have a number of bookshelves to their name. If only they had actual books to put on them. Ah well, they worked just as well for storing pots and pans and any assortment of knickknacks.
“You better,” Charlie told them. She punched Cas’ shoulder. “Who's going to make me breakfast, now?”
So many of Dean’s fantasies have centered around those traits, so much of what in reality made him moan that much louder, come that much harder, all under Cas’s relentlessly observant eye.
Dean warm and pliant beneath him, that’s a familiar thrill, but the heady rush of power over the thought of what they’re about to do is still new. Dean
Castiel certainly tries his best to deliver on that expectation, but he can’t take full credit for how indescribably good it feels to be with Dean this way. It’s beautiful and familiar and thrilling, just as it is every time, but tonight Dean clings just a little bit tighter, moans a little more breathlessly, gives himself over to it so completely that Castiel’s heart pounds a wild rhythm just looking at him, flushed pink and panting Castiel’s name. There’s something unbearably tender in his eyes, tears welling up and spilling onto his cheeks, Castiel wiping them away as Dean chants
Dean says, “Definitely suspicious as hell,” or some exhaustion-slurred approximation, fast asleep before he can hear Cas’s reply.
make you come, Dean,” Cas replies with a hint of smug pride, and now that the air is clearing, Dean’s starkly reminded of how much he misses Cas, how long it’s been since Cas has really touched him. “That night was no different. And afterward, you were…”
Dean hesitates, almost seems to reach for Castiel before pulling his hand away at the last moment, swallowing hard and averting his eyes. “G’night.”
Once they’d gotten rid of Scott, Dean had kind of expected Cas to not follow through on the whole drinks thing, to ask Dean to text Scott and make their excuses so Cas could spend the rest of the night very thoroughly reminding Dean that Scott can’t hold a candle to him. There’s no way that Cas didn’t have that in the back of his mind, considering that Scott had the balls to ask Dean out right in front of him. Not that Scott exactly knows they’re together, but still.
, kissing Castiel again as he starts to gently rock his hand back and forth. Even such miniscule movements are enough to have Dean alight with sensation, and it’s not long before Dean is breaking away with a gasp and a stifled curse.
Cas trails off, but Dean can fill in the blanks. He was – yeah, shell-shocked and shifty-eyed, probably difficult as hell to interpret without any hints or frame of reference. And then he shut down, totally closed himself off the moment that he suspected Cas thought badly of him. His behavior over the next few days couldn’t have helped matters either.
“We can watch tomorrow,” Castiel reassures him. “If you want,” he adds, wondering if Dean can hear the underlying meaning in that promise.
Cas reaches out to frame Dean’s face between his hands, giving Dean his complete focus, which is still kind of a lot to handle, even at the best of times. “I’d like to hear about her,” Cas says, tone neutral, giving nothing away. Dean reads between the lines; even if Cas already does know, he wants to hear Dean explain it.
“I love you,” Castiel breathes, completely lost in Dean’s gaze, blindsided all over again by how much he cares for him. “You’re everything to me,” he adds, finding the words that escaped him the other day.
Dean’s barely gotten back into it when he sees the that the fireplace is lit up and crackling. Cas fiddles with it for a minute before rising to his feet, sauntering over to Dean.
