“I should go,” Steve said. Tony nodded, biting at his lip again, seemingly distracted for a moment.  He blinked and looked up at Steve. He lifted his hand up and brushed a stray lock of hair from Steve’s forehead.  Steve’s whole body went still, like he was pinned in place, one of those insects on a board.
“Um-hmm.  Great view of the Grand Canyon if you know how to get there,” Tony continued.   “And the Hoover Dam is nearby.  I hear the interior is amazing.”
Sure, he would miss it.  Who wouldn’t?  The warm, wet drag of Cap sliding into him, hand splayed wide over his lower back, almost a caress, the way he lost his breath and kept stuttering out Tony’s name as his thrusts became more and more erratic, how he’d always run a hand down Tony’s neck, fingers carding through the damp curls there, so gently Tony almost couldn’t feel it…well, Tony would have to be dead not to miss that.  Literal God-damn fantasy come to life, after all.  So, sure, he was disappointed, if not surprised, when Cap called it off.  They were adults, in addition to being Avengers, and just because whatever this was hadn’t lasted, well, that hardly meant he was going to let whatever minute pang of regret he might have felt get in the way of doing their jobs.
Round and round, Tony’s tongue licked at the fiery circle of swollen, abused flesh.  The bristle of his beard scratched across the sensitive skin, but that wasn’t enough to detract from what Tony’s mouth was doing.  He drew back, then leaned down again and licked a wide stripe across Steve’s hole with the flat of his tongue, then dipped his tongue inside, crooking it around the edge and thrusting deep.  Over and over, in and out, he licked and sucked.  It was so gentle, like he was making some kind of apology for everything that had come before.  He took his time, delving deep, then flicking over the puffy rim in slow, unhurried movements.  Steve whined and tossed his head back, pushing his ass against the soft wetness of Tony’s tongue as he fucked Steve’s hole with it.  He heard Tony groan, the warm sound reverberating against his puckered skin.  Steve’s cock throbbed painfully in its cage, but he didn’t care.  Tony’s mouth felt so good.  Everything felt good.  Even though his ass ached and stung where Tony held him spread apart, that just served as some kind of contrast with what his mouth was doing, heightening everything by comparison.
By mid-afternoon the sun was high, and whoever it was leading their trip into the desert declared it time to stop, a decision that both Steve and Cam, and their respective backsides, appreciated, Steve thought with a grimace as the camel sank awkwardly down to the ground and he and Cam slid off. The spot where their caravan stopped was near an outcropping of rocks that seemed to have been dropped haphazardly by some wayward giant eons ago. The rocks offered some much-needed shade and sheltered a handful of small, scraggly trees and a few tall palms whose fronds cast fan-like shadows on the hard-packed ground.
“I think you’re missing a bit of how the law actually works,” Tony observed.  “Just forget it, okay?  It isn’t a big deal.  Not like I have anywhere to go, anyway.”
He grabbed a few plates, napkins and the six-pack of bottled soda from the fridge, then turned to head back.  Steve was standing on the other side of the kitchen island, watching him, a mix of emotions playing across his face, none of them good.
“Oh, I intend to,” Jarvis promised, earning a sharp bark of laughter and a nod from Steve.
“Why don’t you just put that down?” Tony suggested.
“A thing?” Steve asked, confused for a moment as he couldn’t remember Tony mentioning anything else on his schedule or…”You..oh…Oh.”
“Yeah, yeah, I’ll cut out the matchmaking, but you can’t blame me.  Look around.  Stark’s a good look on you, Steve, you have to admit,” Bucky pointed out.  “This could be something good, that’s all I’m saying.”
,” she grated out between her teeth.
“When sometimes the rest of it doesn’t,” Steve filled in.
“Next time, we order two pounds and just dump them in there, I say,” Steve grinned. He tugged a bit at his rod, making the lure jump and slither under the water, but that didn’t seem to improve its appeal.  “I think we caught the only one that hadn't seen a worm on a hook before," he added, holding up their single catch with a rueful smile. "Thanks for doing this, Tony. I know this isn’t what you wanted.”
Friendly reminder that if you are only here for Celestial Navigation and don't want notifications every time I add a Thank You Fic, CN has its own story if you'd rather bookmark that.
“It’ll be alright, Tony,” Steve said, leaning low, next to Tony’s ear.  He took Tony’s hand and gave it a soft squeeze.  Tony nodded, then cast a furtive, grateful look up at Steve.
“The care they provided you before we Bonded,” Steve said in a thick voice, chewing on the words like they had a foul taste.  His hands balled into fists on top of his legs.  So, that conversation had obviously gone spectacularly well, Tony thought, shaking his head.
Tony, really see him, see all of him at once and not look away. The spike of pure want that burned through him wasn't a surprise, exactly, though the force of it was. He wanted Steve. Here, now. Everywhere, all the time.
“I certainly hope so,” Steve acknowledged.
“If I wanted?” Tony repeated.  “If I wanted, he says. What are you even—how would, I mean, you could if—not that you have to or anything. Obviously, you don’t have to.  That’s--I was kidding—seriously, Steve, I was—it was a joke, I talk, you don’t have to. If you wanted, I mean, though--or, I don’t know…sorry,” he said again. “I think I blew a fuse or something.  Your fault.”
“I think…this is a good place to be when you’re maybe a little lost,” Steve replied, the careful expression slipping off his face while he schooled it into something more sure, more how Tony was used to seeing him.   “There should be food in the fridge,” Steve said, dropping his hands and stepping back.  “How about I pack us a lunch while you freshen up?”
“He orders me to do a lot of things,” Steve reminded him dully.
“Tony, dial it down.  Look, you’ve loved this guy since you met him,” Rhodey reminded him.  “And he’s crazy about you.  ‘Tony made it.’
“Then ask,” Steve retorted, one hand fisting around the cloth napkin while he waited Tony out.
“I’m taking the damn pills, Steve, right on schedule. Each little day’s box of ‘em, okay?” Barnes ground out.
“We’re on three,” Steve said, nodding at the top floor where someone had a rack of clothes on the walkway in front of the apartments, drying in the Vegas sun.  Steve opened the door as soon as Happy parked, and hopped out, leaving Tony no choice but to follow.  He gave Happy a quick look, shook his head and slid out of the car, hurrying over to catch up to where Steve waited at the bottom of the stairs.  “Three C,” Steve told him as they started up. The stairs made a clanking-whining noise that set Tony’s teeth on edge, but he held his tongue. “It’s probably a mess,” Steve was saying.  “Sorry.  I was going to clean, but…”
“Give us a second, Hap,” Tony said, pressing the limo’s intercom button.
“Please. Please, yes,” Steve chanted, letting his head fall forward onto Tony’s shoulder.  “Please Tony.  Please.” He looked down and watched as Tony deftly opened the lock and slowly removed the cage, finally freeing Steve’s cock.  Steve managed to suck in a quick, sharp breath before the sudden release of pressure hit him.  He cried out, body shaking, hips juddering into Tony’s hand, pleasure and pain rolling over in on themselves in his head until he couldn’t tell one from the other. There was just feeling.  Just feeling and Tony.
“Okay, class, let’s get started.  Tonight’s topic covers last weeks’ reading, the United States’ role in the First World War,” the professor intoned as a powerpoint slide jolted to life on the screen.
, while Steve laughed and shook his head at the antics.  Shellhead pounded both hands on the side of the
“They had to get a special crew to come get him out,” Steve finished through his laughter.  “I don’t think I’ve ever seen anyone’s face that color red before.  I’m surprised he didn’t take a swing at Bucky right then and there.  Can’t say as how I’d have blamed him, though Bucky’s right about how he can be sometimes.  Bucky, well, he and his team, they’re really good.  He and Johnson hit the skids on the last project they were working on, and it’s been one thing after the other ever since.  You haven’t even heard the one about the dummy they threw off the roof in the middle of a city inspection.  I thought Johnson’s head was going to explode.”
“I do,” Steve replied, feeling resolve harden his limbs as he stared down at the bed.  He wanted this.  He didn’t know why, but he could no longer deny it.  Whatever it was, whatever Tony would give him, he wanted it.  This time he had with Tony, if that was to be it, he would stop pretending that it wasn’t what he wanted.  This part, at least, no matter what happened, this part would not be a lie.  He would not do that to Tony.
--more.  Craved it like a drug.  Hot desire drummed through his veins.  He wanted Tony to take him apart.  He wanted to feel like this, only
.  Tony knew that.  His whole life had been a series of lessons on how to hide opinions behind politeness, humility and unnecessary apologies, all in the name of keeping the peace, which seemed to be a notion entirely interchangeable with keeping things peaceful for the Alphas.
Kirk’s tongue slid through the seam of Steve’s mouth and wound its way around Steve’s own, licking and swirling as he deepened the kiss.  When he finally pulled back, Steve wasn’t the only one panting heavily.  Kirk’s brown eyes were blown wide and dark, and his cock jutted hard into Steve’s stomach, just above the waistband of Steve’s sweats where his own cock was pressing a small circle of wetness against the grey cotton.
“Tony,” Tony corrected him.  “I go by Tony.”
“That’s…well.  Okay, then,” Steve said with a slight huff of amusement.  “Thanks, Tony. Kinda feelin’ the whole shout-from-the-rooftops thing here, too, you know,” he added, his face going soft and a light smile playing on his lips.  He reached out and put his hand on top of Tony’s where Tony had curled his into a fist on his thigh and gave it a reassuring squeeze. “Sorry, I’m just…this is all real new, you know? I wasn’t exactly planning on falling for anyone, let alone, you, and, well.  I guess I’m a little nervous here,” Steve told him, his throat working as he struggled to get the words out.
“Of course, Mr. Stark,” the stickman replied and moved Tony’s stack of chips to the center of the table for the boxman to count.  “Shall I just apply your winnings to your account?”  Tony nodded and waved his assent, wanting nothing more than to get out of here.  He dug into his pocket for his phone and called Happy to have the car ready, then grabbed his jacket from across the stool next to him and folded it over his arms so that it hung in front of him.
He couldn’t remember.  He couldn’t remember if he’d spent any time with Steve doing something that Steve asked him to do unrelated to avenging, anyway.  That was…well, hell.  That couldn’t be right, though. He would have noticed.  Steve would have said something, if he…if he...
“An introduction, of course,” the man said, too brightly.
“Wow--wow, that’s...I’m sorry,” Tony stammered, sucking in a breath.  “I don’t know who the Kree or the Accusers are or...I don’t know what any of that means.  But, I’m sorry. That’s...I can’t imagine.”
Tony winced.  “Yeah, I get that a lot,” he admitted sourly.  He didn’t like those words coming out of Steve’s mouth, even though he knew it was a common impression, and hardly fair to hold this Steve to whatever opinion the Steve with his memories may have formed on the subject.
“No, thank you ma’am, I’m fine,” Steve replied, straightening his shoulders and putting on what Tony liked to think of as Steve’s stage-face. Tony imagined it was the same one Steve used when he nodded along to whatever Fury was saying while mentally reciting ‘You Can’t Make Me’ over and over in his head.  “Thank you for having us.  Sorry it took so long for me to make time.  Director Fury keeps me pretty busy.”
“Breathe, Steve,” Tony ordered with a warm fondness.
“Today’s charity is the National Arbor Day Foundation,” JARVIS replied.
He really wondered how he could ever possibly leave this.
“You really don’t think I’m capable of deciding what’s best for myself?” Tony demanded in a tight, pinched voice before he could stop himself.  “It’s my life.”
What was he doing? He was looking for some kind of absolution where there wasn’t any to be had, not really. This was going to be an exercise in disappointment, no matter how it went. What did he even want from Steve? He honestly wasn’t sure which would be worse at this point, the idea that this carefully crafted we’re-all-adults-here truce would fall to pieces or that it wouldn’t, and they really were in that place now where Tony was just a déjà-vu-snafu that needed fixing.
“Kinda up, now,” Tony replied, trying not to blow it with a yawn.  “Figured I’d keep you company.”
“Lady Devon says I’ve not the personality for it,” Cam admitted with a slight frown.
“I trust your journey was pleasant,” Tony added, his voice tinged with wry amusement.
Panic was a hell of a wake up call, as it turned out.  Sure, it wasn’t the first time he’d woken up naked in some unknown location, but considering he should be a very well-chilled and well-dressed corpse floating through space right now, he thought panic was the appropriate reaction to his current situation.  He could feel the adrenaline pump into his veins, spiking his nerves and leaving a metallic taste in the back of his throat as he strained to move, though to little avail. The blanket-gel-stuff was too heavy to lift off of him and covered him from his shoulders down to his feet, though he could wiggle underneath it.  The sides were fused to the table he was on, though, making escape impossible.
“It’s really okay, Kirk.  I mean it.  You didn’t know,” Steve said.
They rode into the long, shaded corridor of the stables, coming to a halt in the middle, where the ceiling opened to give light and air. The leather creaked underneath him as he slid out of the saddle, the hard earth under his feet jolting his muscles. He could feel the pain and stiffness that had settled in some leagues ago, then disappeared with the anticipation of the ride here, snap into wakefulness seemingly all at once. Steve realized he was still clutching the reins in one hand and forced himself to release them, giving the horse a pat on the neck as he did.
Where the hell was this bar? How was it possible to get this lost in a hotel? Sure, the place was sprawling, but still.
“Can I help it if we look this good?” Tony asked, tracing his fingers down the lapels of his black tuxedo.
Pepper blinked at him, a small smile playing on her lips. “Well, my work here is done,” she said, tucking her tablet back into her leather satchel.
“So, not for the light, then?” Tony said mildly.
, he thought, hearing the edge of bitterness in the words as he raised the empty glass to the city skyline that glittered outside the window. The thing of it was, most of the time, he was genuinely thrilled for Pepper and Happy. They were perfect for each other. Of course they were. That was the point. Couldn’t have happened to two better people, and he loved them both. They were family, the best kind, the kind that you chose and chose you right back. It was easy to be happy for them. Hell, you could siphon off a bit of theirs and they’d never notice, too caught up in having found each other, won the universe’s great lottery and actually managed to meet.
Steve walked back over to where Tony sat on the fold-down metal cot that hung from the cell wall and held out his hand to help Tony up.  Tony took it and let Steve pull him up while his back protested.  He couldn’t help a small groan.
“I did not truly think so,” Cam replied, sounding somewhat relieved.  “Our carriage is very beautiful, is it not?” Cam observed, reaching out to run a hand over the silk-lined interior.  “The finest in the whole world, I think.”
“Oh, yeah, don’t worry about that,” Tony said, digging out his tablet. “Jarvis? I’m going to need a Clark County Nevada marriage license dated sometime yesterday, if you’d be so kind.”
team, though, Steve could admit that much.  He wasn’t sure that actually made it better or worse.
Clearly, he was fucked.
I could have that.
He tried to swallow and ended up with a hacking cough for his efforts.  Turning away from the window, he caught his reflection in the mirror.  Grease-stained t-shirt, check.  Jeans with the hole next to the pocket showing yesterday’s boxers, check.  Smear of…something…across his face, check.  And we have the Ready For Steve Trifecta!  Somewhat frantically, Tony wiped the slash of grease off his face and tried to fix his hair so that it looked appropriately effortless.  It ended up looking like something that multiplied if you got it wet, but there wasn’t much he could do about it.
“I was born a slave,” Tahir said.  “In Ghoad.  First, I was a soldier to meet my Lord’s quota.  We marched for miles.  Then stood for a while. Then marched some more.  Then, one of the slavers there to buy soldiers, and he sees me and says, ‘You.  Is all of you this big?’ and I say, ‘Yes’ and he says, ‘You will be a concubine,’ and so I became a concubine instead of a soldier.  This is better.”
“Well, while we’re waiting on Evil, Inc. to get their act together and since you’ve been enjoying the honeymoon phase, I took it upon myself to do a bit of digging on your hubby, one Captain Steven G. Rogers, U.S. Army,” Rhodey continued.  “God, saying those words out loud hurts.  You couldn’t pick up some nice, down-on-his-luck ex-flyboy?”
-- so hard for him to give Tony what Tony wanted, what he needed, the rest of the time.  Like this, he could bend for Tony. It seemed so simple a thing to do. Natural. Like he was meant for it, for this, for making Tony happy, pleasing him, being good for him, never hurting him, or betraying him, just being good for him, so simple. So easy.  He didn’t have to worry about anything else, except being good for Tony, and that? That was...he didn’t know why it felt like such an accomplishment. Maybe because Tony treated it as one. It didn’t matter why, Steve supposed. It just was. Maybe it wasn’t real, any of this, all just a fantasy, but this felt more real than almost anything else.
“We have several knights who will provide worthy opponents, though were I a betting man, I admit, my purse would go on Lord Stone’s success,” Lord Rand replied.  “I’ve rarely seen a finer hand with the sword, and in the lists, he is yet unbeaten.”
“Probably the same way Rhodey found out about it.  They have sources, too, I don’t know,” Tony replied. “Someone will always talk.  Hey,” Tony stopped abruptly, turning around to face Steve in the narrow, white-walled hallway.  “Have I mentioned lately that you’re amazing? Because you’re amazing. I know you hated all that back there.  I know that was hard on you, but damn, Steve. You did good. Real good. What you said…what you said about me and---and always being this guy, did you mean it?  “Cause I gotta tell you, that’s not really a take many people are going to share.”
“See if you can get this trending, how about?” Tony requested.
“I remember having to watch that DVD over and over until I felt the nearly overwhelming urge to buy war bonds myself,” Jarvis replied.  “I think Tony had the entire thing memorized.  I found him acting out scenes with one of our garbage bin lids.”
“I signed it because it was the right thing to do, Tony. Your Dad was worried about you. You gotta see why,” Steve pointed out with another one of those shrugs that made Tony want to push down on Steve's shoulders until they stayed where God, in his infinite wisdom, put them.
“Feel that? Think he or she likes your voice,” Steve said, smiling goofily up at Tony.
hungry. Starving, actually, now that he thought about it. It would probably be impolite not to eat. And the food did look incredibly tempting.
“You come on my cock, or not at all,” the King panted, then pulled almost all the way out and drove in again, finding that spot deep inside Steve that made his whole body spasm and quake with pleasure.  Steve closed his eyes, felt his body relax, go limp, the muscles lax, and the wave inside finally crested, rolling over inside itself and bursting against the shore.  His cock pulsed as he came, and he shook with the force of it, muscles clamping down around the King’s cock.  He felt the King’s thrusts falter then, and his hips jerked.  He pushed down on Steve’s back and hooked an arm under his waist, lifting and spreading him as he slammed into Steve a few more times.  Then, Steve felt liquid warmth fill him in quick spurts, and the King thrust lazily, in and out, until he had spent all of his seed.  He collapsed on top of Steve, sending them both to the bed, each panting hard and soaked in sweat.
He heard a muffled thud, as if the man had moved, and paused, waiting, but didn’t hear anything else. He supposed, probably, he wasn’t supposed to hear through the wall. He imagined they soundproofed it. Maybe for some, it would ruin the experience, being able to tell if the person was enjoying it or not when that wasn’t necessarily what this was about. But, well. He grinned. It felt good, knowing he was doing good.
“Yes,” Tony said around a yawn.  “Family.  There’s work to do in the West.  We smashed one head during the War, but there is always another.”
“You are going to drink this,” Steve said, handing Tony a bottle of water he’d taken from the mini-fridge by the bar.  “And then go to bed for a good twelve hours.”
“Hey, not my fault you named them,” Tony pointed out with a shrug.  “Besides, fish ponds. That’s a thing people have.  Charming in a quirky sort of way. Totally normal, though.”
“I am fine, Jarvis.  Really.  I am.  Steve,” Tony began hesitantly, taking the cloth and swiping it gently over the silver metal in a small, circular motion before handing it back to Dum-E’s waiting pincer.  “Steve’s nice.  You’ll like him,” Tony rushed out, glancing over his shoulder at Jarvis.
“I’m not going anywhere,” Tony promised.  He shrugged out of the rest of his clothes, doused all of the candles except one, then climbed into the bed next to Steve.   He was quiet for a long time, his breathing softening and his body relaxing against Steve’s. “Say it,” Tony whispered so low that Steve almost didn’t hear him.  “Tell me again.”
The battle with…what was it this time?  Robots of some kind.  Tony had been particularly affronted by the whole idea.  But they’d gone out and done their thing, everything going smoothly, like it usually did, Tony flying above, occasionally grabbing Steve and dropping him into a better position, Hawkeye shouting recon over the comm, Widow piloting the QuinJet, Thor hurling lightening and Hulk smashing.  Clockwork.
Good Lord, he could barely even think about it, the things he’d done, thought about, with images of Tony filling his head. He could feel his cheeks heating in embarrassment.  He’d been in the Army, dammit. It wasn’t like he was ignorant of this stuff.  He just needed to get it out in the open and trust Tony to deal with it.  “I think now would probably be a good time to mention that this is.  Well.  I don’t want you to stop or anything,” Steve clarified carefully, because he really, really did not want Tony to stop.  He just wanted to…manage expectations.  Underpromise and overdeliver, and all that.  “It’s just that this is kind of new for me,” Steve admitted, voice going a bit hoarse as he watched Tony’s face for some hint of reaction.  “I know that’s not how things are really done these days, but…well, I was always waiting for something, I guess.”
All things considered, he should also probably stop thinking about Tony, he thought with a rueful grimace as he stepped away and reached for one of the tubes of lube from the table. Squeezing a generous amount onto his hand, he moved back behind the ass and slowly pushed a finger inside the hole. It clenched beautifully around him, nice and tight inside, taking his finger all the way down, and oh fuck, that was good. He wanted to just shove his cock into the warm, slick hole, and then he realized with something of a punch to his gut that sent the breath heaving out of him and all the blood pouring to his cock, that he
“I love you,” Steve repeated, almost wanting to shout with it, let it pour out of him, because he was filled with the overpowering sense of it, like it was consuming him from the inside out. Tony arched towards him, like he was being pulled towards the words, his whole body going rigid and taut.  Steve’s hands fell to clutch at Tony’s hips, feeling the angle of bone under his fingers.  He was suddenly conscious of their bodies, pressed together, slick with water, sliding against each other almost unconsciously.  Everywhere Tony’s skin touched burned like a brand, and Steve realized with a heady sort of haze that he was hard, the surge of desire hitting him at once, sending fire through his blood.
. His sat up, hands scrabbering over his chest with panic.  It was gone. The reactor was gone, he was going to die, the shrapnel, the shrapnel, the shrapnel, the--his wild gaze fell on something next to him on the table.  The reactor. It was sitting on the edge of the table, the core depleted, though not smoking at this point. It was blackened and burned, though. Next to it sat a small vial with tiny pieces of metal inside it.
“Not an epiphany, Tony. I just saw a lot of things, okay?” Bruce replied with a grimace.
“Swim,” Tony said.
“And what did he say?” Pepper asked curiously.
“Excuse me?” Steve barked out with a laugh.
“Anytime, Captain,” Agent Dupree said.
“I’m, ah, glad you enjoyed it, Your Highness.  I must apologize for Lord Stone’s behavior. Most unseemly,” Lord Rand said.
“Are you mad with me, Shelhead? If I did something wrong, I’m sorry, really, I didn’t mean to, Shellhead, I swear. I just—I haven’t, I mean…” he stammered, breaking off as an enormous bubble of doubt and recrimination seemed to fill his chest, pushing all the air out.  “Did you not like it?”
Don’t see him, Steve told himself.  He isn’t there.  This isn’t happening.  Except, Steve could smell the man.  Sweat and drink and odor, and he wondered if he could close his eyes, but he might mess up, and God, he didn’t know what to do.  He’d never done this, not really, just Rumlow shouting at him while Steve tried to breathe.  He wouldn’t be able to do this, he knew it.  He’d choke or forget his teeth or worse, he’d throw up, and this one, he’d make sure Steve paid for that.  Steve’s head was pounding a drumbeat that kept getting louder and louder as Hammer brought Steve’s head down to his lap.
“You did good,” the King said into the top of Steve’s head.  He felt a light brush of lips in his hair.  “You were so good for me.  Beautiful.” The King’s voice shook, barely, though Steve could feel it against his skin, warming him somehow.  A few more soft strokes and murmured words, and then the King tugged the blanket spattered with Steve’s cum aside and tossed it to the ground.
“Moving in next door to Steve,” Tony replied.  “While you’re at it, I’m going to need to make a few minor, ah, scratch that, we’re gutting the place,” Tony said as he leaned around and peeked in the door.  “Good Christ, this looks like the place Coachella comes to die.  I take it the coconut bong was yours?” Tony accused, giving Steve’s neighbor a disgusted grimace, which earned him a shrug.
“Is it the money?  Because, so help me God, I will donate it all so Sally Struthers doesn’t eat those poor African kids if it will make you feel better,” Tony offered.
“No doubt,” Steve agreed, somewhat demurely, Tony noticed, but not without a hint of color making its way onto his cheeks.
“Is that what that was?” Steve teased.
“I think I can find time in my schedule,” Steve teased.  “What did you have in mind?”
“Wow.  Did you ever fuck up,” Tony said, running a hand through his hair.  “What did my dad tell Fury and Rogers to get them to go along with this?  Because, news flash, literally no one wants to come back to me.  ‘Cept maybe for one reason, I suppose, which your Captain Rogers doesn’t seem all that interested in, though I guess that makes sense if I’m a duty-fuck.  Knot and think of America?  Stuff of dreams.  You put that on the recruitment poster?  I mean, hey, fine by me, but if you were aiming for some deep Bonding mojo-bullshit that gets the good Captain to watch for power lines when he saves the cat up the tree, you picked the wrong Omega by a mile and then some.”
“We’ll be back at the Tower in a few minutes.  I’ve already alerted Bruce on what to expect.  He says, and I’m quoting, ‘People keep thinking I’m whatever kind of doctor they need at any given moment, but I’m really, really not that kind of doctor,’” Natasha reported.
Steve closed his eyes again.  It was easier to go mad without staring at it in the light of day, he supposed.  In Steve’s mind, the fantasy-Anthony leaned over and curled around him, all limbs and soft warmth, burying his head into Steve’s neck.  He could almost feel the heat of breath there, making the skin just below Steve’s jaw prickle.  “
a way with words.  Damn. Truly, the whole package,” Tony trailed off, waving his hand up and down in the air in front of him.  “Fifteen year old me, this is for you. God knows, I owe him for the perm,” Tony added with a shudder. “And also, probably the coke,” he added with a shrug, sucking in a breath and swaying a little on his feet, making a slightly surprised oof-sound that punched a bit of air out of him.  “Anyway,” he continued, giving his head a shake, “so, Gorgeous, got a name?”
-evil,” Tony replied.  “Had plans to use this,” he tapped at the reactor, “for all kinds of off-the-grid stuff.  Weaponize it, mostly, and I’ll just bet his biggest customer wasn’t going to be Uncle Sam.”
A part of him kept repeating how insane this was, jaunting off to a Brookland to find one man with the King in tow. He half expected Captain Rhodes to announce at any moment that this was too far from the city, too dangerous, too something, though it wasn’t as if Tony was obligated to listen to anyone.  Which is pretty much how that conversation had gone when Steve had haltingly broached the subject of Tony remaining at the Castle, Steve recalled.
Maybe Tony would like to visit?  They could take a tour.  Maybe Tony could see some real robots up close.  Get some ideas, maybe.  He would like that, wouldn’t he?  Steve pictured Tony’s face lighting up at the suggestion, his voice getting fast and high-pitched with excitement, his eyes bright, looking up at Steve with happiness instead of the dull, snappish fear that was always lurking there.
Iron Man.
“Well.  It’s different with you,” Fury conceded grudgingly.  “Look…” he paused.  “We did the best we could.  This situation wasn’t exactly part of Shield’s plan.”
“Twelve.  A wonderful age.  On the cusp of manhood, wouldn’t you say?  Some like them that way.  Can’t stay that way forever, though. Alas.  Now, I think perhaps you and I understand each other, but let me be clear.  Of course, should you display the kind of behavior towards one of our patrons that you did towards that poor overseer back at the port, you’ll lose more than just your head.  You’ll pray for death before I’m done with you.  But…if you misbehave, if you balk, if you protest or do anything that brings embarrassment onto me, you’ll be punished.  Quite severely, I assure you.  And whatever your fate is, Cam here will share it.  Tell me that you understand what I’m saying,” Zola whispered.  “I need to hear you say it.”
Dish soap.
It was still early, Tony noticed.  The light had that airy, filtered look to it as it broke through the slats of the blinds and peeked out from the edges of the curtains.  Steve was probably on his morning run.  There would be breakfast warming in the oven.  Because Steve liked to take care of him, he thought with a pleased grin.
to describe it, he realized.  It wasn’t like anything he had ever seen or felt before.  The substance hung down in a long strand from the ceiling, he noticed, looking almost like thinly-stretched gum.  It formed a cradle of sorts around his head and molded to his body almost the way one of those mattresses that Happy kept going on about.
“Okay, then,” Tony said, still grinning stupidly.
“Right.  Going,” Tony assured her, backing out the door and stumbling into the hallway.  “Thanks again, Pep,  you’re a—“  Apparently, it would have to remain a mystery what exactly Pepper was, Tony thought as he stared at the door that had been not so gently slammed in his face.  He looked back and forth down the hallway, where several employees busied themselves pretending not to look at him while no doubt posting this on today’s social media website du jour.  “If this shows up on TMZ, you’re all fired.”
Being himself was safe.
The third day brought a bright, cloudless sky and Steve’s first look at the Ridge.  It was a hard, barren landscape, awash in whites, browns and grays. A few sparse, brown-leafed trees clung to the rocky ledges, but otherwise, there was little in the way of vegetation.  A long, sinuous gorge snaked through the land where old mountains rose like a spine. Mines, rich in ore, and quarries of stone had made the Lord of the Ridge one of the richest men in the realm, second only to Tony, Steve supposed as he peered out the window of his carriage.  The road here, at least, was flat and smooth. One of the benefits of having master stoneworkers on hand and a seemingly endless supply of fresh paver stones.
Anto was reaching for his sack when he heard them.  They were good at walking quietly through the brush, and communication that didn’t rely on making noises for the most helped with that, but Anto was as much Clan as he was Other, and he could tell when Clan were there.  He wasn’t sure how many. More than before. Crum had run off. Perhaps he had found reinforcements, Anto didn’t know. No one should care if he left, not enough to chase after him. That wasn’t something Clan did, but then again, no one ever left.  Tyber hated him enough to chase after him, though, he supposed. He hadn’t counted on Tyber’s hate, only indifference, but he thought maybe there had always been something other than indifference there. They would kill Steve, and Tyber would drag him back and punish him in front of the whole clan and give him the signal, and it would hurt, and Anto would hate it, and Tyber would have what he wanted.
“I know what James is saying,” Steve responded in a raspy, husked out tone.
“Steve.  You were never—never—what they thought of you.  You’re worth a hundred times any of those assholes on their best day,” Tony said, his voice low and urgent.  “I know you know that. Please tell me that you know that.”
“Um, well, yeah. Kind of. One, I call him Dum-E, which is not just a depressingly accurate pet name, he's a...laundry bot at the moment. He's still learning. But, that's what he does. He learns. And U, uh, U like the letter, not you like you-you, he's going to be on fire safety when I figure out how to get his coding to figure out the difference between putting out actual fires and preemptively wetting the entire garage,” Tony explained, trying for a clinical, neutral tone, but unable to keep the fondness out of his voice.
“Thanks, J,” Tony said.  “Let’s make some history.”
“A place for… when you need to let off some steam. Very discreet. Top shelf only, everyone’s tested first, all that. So off the grid not even SHIELD knew about it, at least not according to their files. I’m—I’m reading the tea leaves a bit here, but I thought it might be something that might interest you. If I’m off base, no harm, no foul,” Tony said around a shrug.
Steve swallowed, then dropped his gaze to his hands where they balled into fists, clutching his robe.  “I would miss you, too, Tony,” he said, blinking quickly against the tide of emotion that roiled within him.  The food curdled in his belly as a tremor ran through him.  He breathed out, low and long, spending the last breath he seemed to be able to catch.
Harmless diversion, Steve thought again, though the thought prickled down his spine, dark and cold.
“I—“ Steve began, tongue twisting in his mouth as he swallowed.  “I don’t,” he stammered.  “I—“
“Pep—“ Tony started.
“You hacked his phone,” Rhodey said.
“Good,” Jarvis continued.  His gaze flicked to Tony briefly, then back to Steve, who was regarding Tony with a stoic frown.  “Then you won’t mind my saying that Tony understands very well what it is to live a life seeming to want for nothing, while lacking the very things he needs the most.”
The work took most of the afternoon. Steve stayed and watched him with a strangely intent look for awhile, then left when Barnes came to talk to him about something.  By the time Tony made it back to the tent he shared with Steve, he was tired enough to collapse onto the furs and eat from the tray of food that sat nearby.  He must have dozed, because it was full dark when he woke to sounds of movement in the tent.  His Alpha was crouched down in front of the fire, Tony saw, stoking the small flame to life so the tent wouldn’t be cold during the night.
“Getting your stuff.  Talking to the asshole about what is for sharing and what isn’t.  I don’t know,” Bucky shrugged. “What?  She does stuff like this.”
Steve watched Tony from the window a while longer, then walked over to the kitchen sink.  He could hear the small brook burbling down the mountain outside and thought of the little diver in his helmet in the therapist’s aquarium with the air bubbling up in a constant stream.  It hadn’t been like that.  Soft bubbles of air slowly leaving him.  It had been a crash and the air punched out of him all at once, something heavy on his legs, pinning him down, and the dark.  The dark all around.  In the movies, there was light under the water, but in real life, it was so very, very dark.  He looked down at the counter where his hands were gripping the edge with white knuckles and slowly breathed out, backing away from the sink until he bumped into one of the dining chairs. Stop it, he commanded himself. Stop thinking about it. This isn’t helping.
“Learning fish?” Steve parroted with a confused frown.
The car slowed, and Peggy leaned back against her seat. In front of them, Steve could hear the driver giving their names to the uniformed guard who stood at the gate.  Steve peered through the window, gazing up towards the house. Mansion, really. His eyes caught on the S curled into the spindly tops of each side of the gate.
“That’s not…Okay, that’s not at all what was going on. Like, at all.  I never—shoot him down?  Why the hell would I—I didn’t—“ Tony sputtered.  He hadn’t.  Had he?  There as a sickening pit opening up in his stomach, and he was fairly damn sure it was filled with realization.
His phone? Oh.  Right. His phone.  The one he programmed, like all of the Avengers’ phones, to alert when one of them hit the emergency beacon.  The phone that had been in his pocket.  Of course, no one but another Avenger would recognize the beacon for what it was, but, well.  Here they were.
Tony texted quickly.
Steve’s eyes darted to Tony’s, dark and almost…mischievous?  Tony didn’t have much time to get much traction on the thought before Steve picked up the shield and tossed it like a Frisbee, sending it bouncing high off one wall, pinging off the far-right corner of the room and then back to Steve’s outstretched hand.  Tony looked back and forth at the bits of camera equipment that hung in pieces from the ceiling or were scattered on the floor, then back at Steve, who shot Tony what could only be described as an extremely satisfied smirk and squeezed his hand.  Huh.  Having Captain America as your Alpha had some unexplored perks, that was for sure, Tony thought, biting his lip as his shoulders shook with laughter.
“Red—oh.  Oh., Red.  Well, of course, whatever your Alpha likes,” she rushed out.  “You know him best.”
“You wanted something.  And here you are,” Tony said with a snort, spreading his hands wide before crossing them across his chest.  “Do tell.  How may the King be of service to his concubine today?”
For a moment, Tony didn’t want to touch it.  He couldn’t say why, but the feeling clung to his limbs, making them suddenly heavy.  He looked over at Coulson, who was watching him with his usual composed expression that revealed nothing.   With a quick sigh, Tony reached out and grabbed for the envelope.  He flipped it over and stared for a long minute.
“It’s fine,” Steve murmured, bringing one of the gloves to his teeth and tugging at the laces.  “I’m done.”
“What do you think?” Steve asked, dipping his gaze down to his lap.  Tony’s eyes followed.  Steve’s hands were curled into fists, laying atop his thighs in tight formation.
into the ceiling, Rogers,” Tony corrected.  Steve shrugged and took a bite of his sandwich to hide what Tony knew was a grin.  “The suit can fly.  I just had to get the thrust capacity right.”
“Funny.  Very amusing.  Steve, is he always this funny?” Bruce asked around a grimace.
“Hang on, hang on, let me enjoy the moment, would you?” Bucky said, grinning.  “Come on. Nat’s dying to see you.”
“Well, the program I’m in, we do a lot of classes on psychology and developmental issues, as well as art and composition.  I’m doing an internship at the Boston Children’s Hospital right now.  It’s…well, it’s a great opportunity.  Hard, though.  Those kids…” Steve sighed.  “There’s this one I’ve been assigned to, David, he’s twelve.  He’s got heart failure.  Birth defect.  He’s got a pump that helps, but because it’s right there by his heart, his body reacts to it and he keeps throwing blood clots. Which is why he’s been hospitalized so long.”
“Then…then, we’ll talk about whatever you want to talk about, alright? Whatever you need to tell me, you’ll tell me, get it off your chest.  Whatever it is. It’ll be fine,” Steve said. It sounded like he was saying it as much to himself as to Tony, but Tony left it at that.
“Cap?  Stodgy?  Boring?” Stark repeated, shooting Steve an askance look.  “Sure, he’s got some miles on him. Who doesn’t?  But, come on, Captain America?  You’re not that much younger than me,” Stark scoffed.  “You must’ve grown up with him. I did,” Stark continued, voice going strangely lighter.  “I mean, my Dad, of course, the whole Project Rebirth thing, yadda, yadda.  He’d talk about him a lot.  My Dad.  I think that was maybe the thing he was most proud of, you know?  Getting to be a part of something like that.  Putting something really good into the world, I don’t know.  Made him feel good when not much else could.  Same for me, I guess,” he finished with a light shrug and another sip of wine.
“I guess I’m ready to go when you are,” Steve said.  He was already standing up to go, turning for the balcony doors before Tony could cut off his mental beratement and focus on Steve’s words.
“Are you serious?” Neighbor Guy asked blearily, slurring his way around the words.  “Dude!”
For some reason, he thought of a game of hide and seek he’d played with Jarvis, watching through the slats of the closet doors with a strange combination of excitement and a creeping sort of dismay that he would be discovered.
“I know what the Grand Canyon is. No, I haven’t seen it,” Steve replied.
“That’s good.  Glad to hear it,” Tony remarked, sucking in a breath and meaning precisely the opposite.  “Long mission,” Tony said without meaning to, then winced in self-flagellation as the words left his mouth.
“So, you’ll talk to him?” Tony asked Barnes.
“Jarvis,” he said heavily, voice thick and slurry with lost sleep and too much alcohol.
Someone really needed to clean that up.
“Stark?” Fury barked with a sort of incredulous twist to the word.  “You want Stark,” he repeated in a carefully neutral tone when he caught Steve’s expression.  The Director leaned across his desk, picked up the edges of the file in front of him and glanced down at it, almost as if he would find some other name there if he glared at it hard enough.
“Insert Tab B into Slot A and all that. Got pretty good at things, if memory serves. We were good, Steve,” he continued, urgency lacing his voice. “Parts, anyway. We both know it, and pretending any differently isn't doing either of us any favors. Why not see where this goes?” Tony entreated, trying to keep the plea out of his voice while he was tugging on Steve's hips, pulling him closer enough so he could feel Steve's warmth radiating in the sliver of space between them.
“Steve?” Tony asked, his voice sounding oddly jittery.  “Are you alright?”
“That's amazing, Tony. Wow. Robots,” Steve said, giving his head another shake and huffing out a small peal of laughter.
Steve snorted, and rolled his eyes, keeping up his unhurried movements. He stopped when he was eye level with Tony’s stomach, sparing a look at Tony long enough to watch him suck in a breath before Steve dipped his head and licked the white beads from Tony’s skin.  Salty, slightly sweet, like old pennies, he thought.  Above him, Tony moaned, deep and throaty, and as soon as Steve raised his head, started fidgeting, hands flying to his hair, his face, down his chest, toes curling and legs flexing with the burst of energy.
“Roll over for me, gorgeous,” Tony urged in a low, throaty voice that sent a spike of pure want straight down the head of Steve’s cock.
than it once did.  A mate could be good for you.  Help settle you, perhaps?  We know Omegas are stabilizing influences on their Alphas, and offer Alphas an outlet for those baser urges that can cause such a problem—“
Tony’s litany cut off abruptly, a heavy silence falling in its place.
“Steve Rogers,” Steve answered.
“Uh, Director?” Steve said. “Where is the man that there was an…issue…with after I woke up?”
“He’s really okay?” Steve asked.  “Did he…say anything? About what happened?”
“You gave me a robot,” Tony repeated, voice thick and almost slurry.
“You shouldn’t—you shouldn’t just say those things to people,” Steve admonished, shaking his head.  It was 1992, for Christ’s sake. He’d read up enough on history to know this wasn’t exactly the best time for gay men to be so open about things.
of being a soldier lifted from your shoulders and be able to serve His Majesty.”
“I have like forty-eight cars,” Tony answered.
“That’s going to take some doing,” Tony said.
It didn’t take long. Sensation rushed through Steve like a wave, emanating from where Tony’s cock rubbed against his, wrapped in the heat of Tony’s oil-slicked hand. Steve’s hips bucked and he thrashed his head from side to side against the press of Tony’s forehead, and then he was coming, hard, hips jerking, body going rigid as he spasmed, coating Tony’s stomach with thick streams.  Tony stroked him through it, whispering soft words in the space between them that slowly filtered into Steve’s pleasure-addled brain.
“Enough that it was a problem for SHIELD.  Security risk. Too easy for someone like that to be compromised.  The services started threatening to pull his contracts because of it.  He was pretty pissed about it.  Probably why he was so interested in finding someone with some pull to Bond with his kid,” she raised her eyebrows, as if just now considering the possibility, though Steve knew that wasn’t likely.
Steve let out a soft cry.  Pleasure wracked his body, and his hips jerked as he came, sending his seed onto Tony’s stomach and dripping down onto his own.  It seemed almost an afterthought.  And then, he felt a warm, satisfying rush fill him as Tony spilled inside of him, and he thought, this was what it felt like to be alive, truly alive, even as his life's blood pumped out of him.  Tony tore his mouth away from Steve’s throat and pushed himself up, hips thrusting a final few times as he let out a thunderous snarl towards the heavens, his mouth open wide, fangs dripping with blood.  It was, Steve thought, the most beautiful sight he had ever seen.
“No.  Probably not,” Jim acknowledged.  “Not the first thing in my life that hasn’t been easy.  I can’t stop all that.  Maybe he can,” Jim said, nodding over Tony’s shoulder where he could almost feel Steve hovering.  “But, maybe he shouldn’t.  Not all the time.  This isn’t just about getting the grades or the degree. No Omega is going to show up at MIT, spend four years getting crapped on, and then go back to getting your nails done and lunching on rabbit food or whatever it is you do.”
“My friend...the one I told you about?” Steve began carefully, waiting for Tony’s nod of understanding.  “He chased the guy off.  I still ended up with a fat lip, though. Not my finest moment,” Steve finished with an embarrassed twist of his mouth.
“It’s…complicated,” Coulson replied.
Tony Stark.  As a native New Yorker, Steve wasn’t exactly unused to celebrity encounters, though he had never actually been this close to anyone quite as famous as Stark, except that one time De Niro brushed past Steve on his way out of that deli in Brooklyn.
“Trying to bribe him,” Tony said quickly, leaning back in the seat.
“Well, at least that made it,” Tony sighed. The alien set the helmet down on the table next to Tony.  It’s darkened eye slits stared vacantly at him. The not-gel waved, like a sheet being tossed over a bed, and lifted from over him, peeling back like a wrapper until he was free.  Well, naked and free, but whatever. Tony pushed himself up on his elbows and reached for the helmet, turning it over in his hands. He peered around the bubble-gum dome, and, sure enough, the rest of the suit sat in carefully laid out pieces on a shelf sticking out from the wall where more of the not-gel encased one of the boots and appeared to be doing some kind of repair, or at least that was what Tony thought it was doing as he squinted at it.
“Hey, look at that.  First cover for doing something respectable,” Tony pointed out, holding his hands up in the air.
“Dating,” Steve repeated, shaking his head lightly at the concept, a smile working its way over his features.
Finally, Steve broke off, panting from the exertion, a blissful elation filling him.  His cock was hard and jutting out between them, leaking onto Tony’s fine clothes.  Tony sagged in his arms, eyes rolled back in his head, lips slightly parted.  He was gorgeous, all pale skin and dark lines, like a drawing.
Steve supposed that was true.
He was tall, all red and gold, like something straight from one of those battered Amazing Stories Steve’s mom would bring home sometimes when a patient left it behind.    He was standing in the middle of the conference room, between Steve and Fury, both hands up, palms thrust out, each of which was emitting a strange, blue glow.  He’s protecting me, Steve realized, the thought careening through his head with a hazy sort of pleasant buzz.
Falling into a relationship certainly hadn’t really been on Steve’s mind when he saw Brock again. Mostly it had just been nice to be around someone who understood him without needing long-winded explanations that Steve wasn’t ready to give. Then, somehow, they just sort of drifted together, and Steve...didn’t have to be alone all the time, which was nice.  Having someone.  Not that he didn’t sometimes still get lonely or wish things were maybe a little different, but who didn’t? Everyone felt that way sometimes, even if they were in a relationship. Grass is always greener on the other side, right? That was probably why so many failed, because people jumped ship as soon as it wasn’t everything they hoped it would be.
With that Kirk stretched over on his knees and grabbed for the leg of his jeans.  He dug into the pocket and produced his wallet, which he flipped open and pulled out a row of brightly-colored foil packets.
“Bet you’re good,” Steve said as he wiped the excess paint off flat brush off with a rag and stroked it over the canvas again.
With your mouth, Steve remembered, and leaned forward, letting his tongue dart out to catch those last few, precious beads from the head of Tony’s cock.
“Alpha,” Tony pleaded, face pressed into the mattress.  “
He had sex last night.  He had sex last night with
doing is a lot more complicated than the doing.”
The meeting went on for far longer than Tony thought was necessary, but Steve was dutifully taking notes while surreptitiously looking at the files Tony had downloaded to his tablet.  Couple of days with Tony and he was already learning to question authority and distrust Fury.  Tony was so proud.  When the interminable thing finally ended, Tony followed Steve out of the conference room as the rest of the team headed off in their various directions.
job to help his friend, I’ve suddenly gone off the rails?  I think it says a lot more about other people’s hang-ups than it says about my mental state, but thanks so much for asking.”
“Alright,” Tony conceded, nervousness coursing through his veins at the thought.  They walked in silence back up the path, an anticipatory, breathless silence that waited for a sound it knew was coming.  Tony kept his hand in Steve’s, while Steve carried the basket looped around his other arm.
“What did you think of the Deep Illum?” Tony asked.
Tony’s own mom was probably breaking a nail or three patting herself on the back for finding him a match, while Howard starred in his own version of life as one of those fish that swim along next to sharks, always the little fish chasing after the big ones, but Howard had thrown out his best bait and gotten quite the catch, couldn’t argue with that, Tony had to admit.
“Fine,” Tony capitulated.  “We’ll take the commercial flight, if that’s really what you want.”
“Bucky said I married the one person on the planet who was more stubborn than me,” Steve told the bagel before raising his eyes back to Tony.
“Good,” Tony said. His eyes warmed, and a smile softened his lips. “Now, I have eaten--”
“You sure everything is okay, Steve?” Natasha asked.  Her voice was quiet, more pointed, and Steve had to resist the urge to rub his hand against his cheek.  He was fairly sure they couldn’t see anything, not in the dark, and not now, when there was nothing really to see, but somehow, he thought Natasha might know, or at least have an inkling that things had not gone as smoothly as Steve was letting on.
“Sometimes I recite the Pledge of Allegiance for dirty talk,” Tony said.  Steve rolled his eyes and buried his face into the curve of Tony’s neck.   “He salutes, but probably not how you thi—“
“Yeah,” Tony admitted shakily, the words muffled into Steve’s skin.  “It was.  But. It isn’t the most important thing.  Not like I can’t live without it.”
So, okay, that was it then.  Whatever this had been, it was over.  Tony clearly was done with him, maybe that last night something of a goodbye or whatever it was that Tony needed to get past the desire for Steve that he obviously didn’t want to feel.
Gathering the gown into a ball in one hand to hide the wet spot, Tony tried to affect a nonchalant look as he leaned against the doorframe.  Of course, Steve would know. That was the whole point of the text, Steve wanting this, needing it, and Tony getting all twisted up thinking about it while he waited, and Steve getting to
“You made it?” Steve asked, taking the ring and lifting it up to eye-level to examine.
“I want to help.  I want to—to make you feel good,” Steve said. That seemed right.  Vague enough, anyway.
.  Actual Fucking Captain America going toe-to-toe with this masked, metal-armed terrorist guy in the middle of the highway.  Tony had nearly lost his shit in the middle of the student union while everyone gathered around the TV, Snapples temporarily forgotten.
“You are more the ruler they need when you are in there,” Steve said, nodding his head towards the workshop.  “Building things, thinking of ways to make their lives better, learning—all the time, I see you with a book or some piece of parchment with God only knows what you’ve drawn on it—and it could be leisure or pleasure, and you do enjoy it, but it’s for them, all of this, the arguing, the study, the nights when you barely come to bed before morning, it’s
“A worthy goal, Your Highness. May it come to pass,” the Ul said, dipping his head just enough to be respectful, Steve noticed.
A voice that sounded a lot like Pepper’s echoed in his head, telling him this came dangerously close to sounding like a desperate need for closure.
“It shouldn’t just be on you,” Steve was saying as if he hadn’t really heard Tony’s reply.  “It’s not fair to you.  Besides, maybe the team would want to be a part of some of that. They could help.”
“He will--
“I’m just saying,” Tony grinned.
Behind him, Steve heard the conference room door open.  He turned, slowly, and found himself face to face with Anthony.  The real Anthony.
Tony wondered what was so heavily regulated they had to get it from SHIELD Medical, though he knew better than to ask.  He wasn’t sure he wanted to know.  Maybe it would make it easier.  The calming down.  Maybe he’d be so calm, he wouldn’t care what happened.
He let his hands fall from Steve’s waist, turned away again and bowed his head.  Steve lifted the pitcher of warm water up and held it there for a moment, hesitating.  Then, he dipped the handle and let the warm water pour over Tony’s hair, washing out the soap and leaving wet curls clinging to the sides of his head.  Anointed, Steve thought, with a flash of memory, shadows on a cave wall that grew into something else, his heart melting into the holy man’s chants as ash and oil were painted over his eyes like a mask.  One is life, one is death, over and over, until it was a drumbeat in Steve’s ears, and he’d asked, the draught at his lips, which one was it to be for him. Each of you are both, the man had said, with his strange laugh echoing in Steve’s ears even as the potion burned a path of fire through his body. They had poured water over his head to cleanse the ash and oil off when it was over, Steve remembered. Warm water, to wash it all away, and then handed him a shield.  His hand curled into a fist of its own accord, and for a moment, Steve could almost feel the familiar weight of it under his fingers. A shiver made its way up Steve’s spine, and the feeling that something had passed between them, some moment he only barely missed, fell over him with a vague sense of disquiet.
“Ah, no. None of that, now,” Obie said, catching the slight movement.  He turned around and bent over to reach for the phone where it sat just out of reach where Tony had tossed it on the sofa.
He tasted bile and blood and realized he’d bitten the inside of his cheek. He grabbed a tissue from the box on the table and spat into it, then tossed it in the wastebasket. As he did, his gaze caught on something else on the table, and suddenly, his flagging cock started pounding. His hand itched with need, and yeah… yeah, that’s what he wanted. Needed. No restrictions, right? It must be something the man liked, if it was here, and God, yes, Steve wanted this, he realized, his mouth watering. This. This was what he needed.
“We’re here,” Tony said, peering out the window as they pulled up to the front of the MGM Grand with its giant, gold lion statue guarding the entrance.  “Happy?  Pull us right up in there by Simba, okay? Do the whole floorshow bit with the car.”
Tony flashed Stane an adoring smile before it dropped off his face as his gaze darted around the room.  He turned and walked out with the Walkman held in front of him, case open and a piece of it already in his hand, Steve noted with a small, sad smile that he couldn’t quite help.
“Well.  Thus far, we’ve covered politics, clandestine advanced weaponry design, and I take it you’re Catholic, so that’s religion,” Tony ticked off as he chewed.  “Why not knock out the rest of the controversial subjects and be done with it?”
One of Tony’s hands shot out and grabbed a fistful of Steve’s hair and pulled, hard, snapping Steve’s head back.  Steve looked up at Tony, waiting, keeping up the motion of his hands, more soothing now than anything.   Tony was looking down at him with a fierce, intent gaze, eyes searching Steve’s face.
“Alright then,” Steve said, rolling Tony over onto his back in one, swift motion that nearly knocked the breath out of Tony.  He tittered out a laugh and hooked his arms around Steve’s neck, pulling his mouth back down. This time, Steve moved his mouth over Tony’s with deliberation, teasing and nipping at Tony’s lips, his tongue darting out to swipe over the places his teeth had been.  Finally, Steve pushed his tongue inside Tony’s mouth, delving deep as Tony arched his back into Steve’s chest and let out a long, low moan that Steve captured in his mouth. Tony felt like his body was on fire, burning from the inside out. He was liquid, boneless, heat and pressure coiling low in his belly.  His cock was hard against his thigh, twitching for contact, his hips juddering against Steve’s leg. Warm, thick fluid leaked from his hole onto his shift, coating his bottom as it pooled beneath him. Steve tore his mouth away, leaving Tony panting for air, his hands clutched on the front of Steve’s shirt like claws.
It wasn’t that he missed the War, of course. Those years had been terrible in so many ways.  But, he missed his team, especially in those years right after.  He missed feeling a part of something.  He missed...well, he missed a lot of things, but, there wasn’t room in this world for...for things like that to last. Not even...
“The missiles literally had my name on them.  I think that makes it a little my fault,” Tony replied.  He could feel a weariness that had nothing to do with the afternoon sun seep into his bones.  How many times had he been over this with Rhodey or Pepper or himself, in the mirror, when he could stand to look at the man staring back?
“Well, we don’t always get what we deserve, do we?” Tony ground out, words fused with bitterness and longing.
It wasn’t fair.  He was having a good day, then his stupid body had to go and ruin it, all because Steve had been nice and proud and had
One was a standard ivory bar in a white and blue box that smelled like, well, soap.  Tony dropped that back in the bag and pulled out the next, a large, dark tan square wrapped in a wrapping of black and red swirls that claimed to smell of sandalwood.  The image of Steve sniffing soaps in the grocery aisle like some sort of clandestine cleaning mission made him chuckle.  The third though, that was…well, okay, that was actually kind of incredibly observant, Tony thought, looking down at his fingernails, which were wreathed in dark stains.  It was a dishwashing liquid, actually, but Tony knew from experience that it was the best at getting the engine oil and grease he used on the ‘bots off his hands.  Huh.
Steve knew he shouldn’t want it,
“Welcome home, Sir, Captain,” JARVIS announced from above them as the elevator trundled to the top of the Tower.
He couldn’t fuck this up.
“That’s good.  She’ll be glad to see you,” Bucky said. Actually, she probably wouldn’t even notice, but Steve didn’t say that, just grabbed his wallet and a baseball cap and headed out the door.
Tony stepped towards Steve, lifting a shaking hand to Steve’s face, letting his fingers hover there for a moment before they settled on Steve’s head, threading gently through his hair. “God, Steve.  You’re so fucking beautiful.  Look at you. So good for me, my treasure,” Tony murmured.  “All that power…my God, what you did, and then…” he stopped, blinking, seeming to have run out of words.  The thought made Steve a little giddy, and he felt his whole body go languid and loose, all the tension ebbing from him as if Tony’s words opened a release valve.
he can. It’s one of the reasons I pledged my sword to him as soon as I earned my spurs.  But you—you want
Tony smiled down at him, his gaze soft and reverent as he ran his hands up and down over Steve’s legs, encouraging them to part.  He leaned over, stretching out an arm, and Steve heard the scrape of ice against the bowl again. Steve had time to think a stray, impossible thought, and then felt the chill trace over his rim, and he couldn’t think anything.  All thoughts flew from his mind like smoke being blown away in a storm, and there was only feeling. Sensation. Contradiction. Warm hands and freezing cold circling the delicate pucker around his hole.
“Well.  Great.  Hey, now that I feel like complete and utter shit, I have one miniscule, barely-there--really not that important, probably shouldn’t even mention it--kind of issue to bring to your attention in the middle of a national security crisis and my betrothed’s martyrdom,” Tony said.  He rubbed a hand over his forehead and squinted his eyes shut.
.  Something that needed to be fixed.  Something Stark could do, could make better.
It did tricks.  Made their children laugh.
Steve had worn a replica Brooklyn Dodgers uniform.  Tony spent much of the evening making wildly inappropriate comments about pitching and catching that left Steve attempting to frown with disapproval while simultaneously trying desperately not to let a laugh escape.  Sometimes Tony said things to get a rise out of Steve, and more often than not, Steve could ignore him.  He knew it wasn’t exactly Tony being mean, more like Tony behaving like a two year old and testing his limits.  Next thing, he’d be throwing things on the floor at the dinner table to see if Steve would pick them up.   Which, let’s face it, Steve knew he probably would.  Steve had been leaning against the wall, tossing a baseball into his waiting glove when he happened to look up at Tony, who was doing nothing more remarkable than holding a Jack-o-Lantern and reciting Hamlet, and thought,
I’m not, Tony echoed in his head.  Listen to Barnes.  Please.  Please, listen.  And, God, what kind of upside down world was it where the logic of James Buchanan Barnes was his lifeline?
Drawing his feet up so his knees bent, Tony spread his legs, feeling a waft of cool air against the wet, heated rim of his hole.  He moaned and bit out a curse.  God, he wanted Steve to get home.  He should send him a picture, Tony thought with a low chuckle.  On tonight’s News at Ten, Captain America broke the land speed record formerly held by the appropriately named ThrustSSC.  Let’s go live to our reporter on the scene. Dave, how is that Omega of his handling Steve Rogers’ giant cock?
“Tony,” Steve cut in.  “Stop. Just stop. You’re so much more than you think you are.”
liked kissing Tony, who returned even Steve’s somewhat fumbling attempts with a surprisingly eager fervor and soft, encouraging moans that echoed warm and sweet into Steve’s mouth.
“I think he probably understands just fine,” Steve responded, sounding rather tired and rubbing at his forehead with one hand, but he grabbed Tony’s hand  with the other and hung on, so it was okay.
.  It isn’t like I haven’t tried putting all kinds of weird shit in my body since this thing in my chest started trying to kill me.  Truth is, I should be dead by now, anyway,” Tony sighed. “You saved me when you didn’t have to, so there’s at least that, and I guess this is some form of asking nicely, I don’t know. There’s a whole year of undergrad that’s a blur of ‘lie back and hope for the best’, so not like this is my first time around that particular block.  Fine. Let’s do this. God, I can just hear Rhodey Jiminy Cricket-ing in my head. If something bursts out of my chest in a few hours, I hope it eats you first. No offense,” Tony said, waving a hand in front of him as he settled back down on the table. “Come on,” he added, looking up at the alien, who sat next to him on his knees. “Get on with it.  Let’s have this ‘gift’ of yours,” Tony huffed, making air quotes with his hands. “I mean, I still say that sounds like a line. Just saying.”
“Hmm?” Steve said, then followed Tony’s gaze.  The bandages had come off his hand at some point during the night.
“You shouldn’t have, Obie, I told you,” Maria said, shaking her head, but plucking at the wrapping anyway.
“Jesus, Stark,” Bucky rolled his eyes.
“I won’t stay long,” Steve promised with a huff of laughter.  “I have a surprise for you, though.  The King has asked us to accompany him on a tour of the city’s defenses tomorrow.”
Steve’s head snapped around, sure he hadn’t heard correctly, but Tony was already lowering himself into the limo and slamming the door.  He looked to Bucky in confusion, but Bucky was grinning gleefully.  He turned to Steve with a wry smile, pulling him inside the building’s front doors as the limo sped off.  “You know…” he started, scrunching his face and tapping his chin with one finger, pitching his voice in an exaggerated fashion as if he was pondering something, “You know, it’s possible I was wrong when I said Stark didn’t have real feelings for you.”
“Like that, huh?” Tony murmured.  “Shhhh, relax for me, baby.  That’s it, that’s it,” Tony praised. Slowly, he pressed his finger inside Steve’s hole.  It didn’t even hurt at all. Steve let out a breath he hadn’t realized he had been holding. “You feel so good,” Tony told him.  “Gonna get you all loose for me, okay?”
The city came into view while Steve was on the head of some company called Viastone.  Tony could see lights spread out from the skyscrapers that marked downtown like a gossamer web. He’d always imagined living in the city, but he had to admit, the cabin, in all its rustic glory, was growing on him.
“Buck.  I got this,” Steve cut in, looking up at Bucky.  Bucky grimaced and looked over to Nat, who just raised one perfectly-arched eyebrow and took another sip of coffee.
“Uh, yeah,” Tony stammered, completely at a loss for a moment, though the woman's face had softened with the ghost of a laugh. “My, ah, my—it was my butler. Last time. Jarvis. He—he did the notarization. Actually, now that you mention it, it's—it's really the only time he messed anything like this up. That we know of, I suppose. I don't—I don't know why—I mean, it was—a lot was happening--”
How do you solve a problem like Maria, Tony hummed to himself as he flopped over in bed and blinked at the soft morning light pouring in through the edges of the curtain.
, his mind finally settled on, the act of being able to at least name it, to begin to comprehend it, was enough to settle him.
“Tony, please, please, Tony, please,” Steve chanted.
“See, Jarvis?  Everything’s good,” Tony said with a quick, emphatic shake of his head.  “We’re good. Fine.  It’s
“No.  No, he doesn’t.  Not really.  Oh, sure, he wants to keep making weapons, I have no doubt, but this?  This is way beyond arguing about an argument about allocating corporate resources,” Steve said.  “No one is going to blackmail someone like you with a forged legal document they were involved in forging just because they don’t want to take an early retirement golden parachute.  That makes no sense. No, this is…something else.”
“Good morning, Rhodey,” Tony said.  His voice was rough from sleep, but whatever disquiet had taken him during the night seemed to be gone.  He turned to Steve.  “Steve, meet General Rhodes.  Rhodey, this is Steve.”
He tried to force himself to straighten his shoulders, keep his hands steady, pitch his voice to a casual tone.  If he acted like it was a problem, it would be a problem, which made no sense, but he was completely certain it was true, like the only thing stopping Stone was the lack of acknowledgment.  They were still pretending. They were still doing this dance, and as long as they did, he was okay. It was fine.  Don’t tell him you know, Tony mind supplied.  You can get out of here if you keep pretending its fine.
“Yeah, see? He’s sorry. Won’t happen again, Cap,” Rumlow offered.  Probably it was meant more for the crowd than him, Steve thought.  They were SHIELD agents working at a highly classified facility in a training area designed for the upper echelon of mission-ready forces.  Most of them probably knew who he was.  Maybe all of them.  They probably knew about Tony, too.  It was a small community. People talked. He hoped they would talk about this.
“They remind me of you, now,” Tony said.  “I cannot see them and not think of you.”
, Steve remembered Phillips saying one time when Steve could have most easily denied it, wearing his uniform and hoisting the star shield over his shoulder.
“You read a lot,” Tony said because he didn’t know what else to say, but the conversation had dwindled to the point where he knew an exit ramp was fast approaching, and he suddenly very much did not want to leave yet.  He swept out a hand, indicating the bookcase.  “Kept trying to get you to put books on your tablet, but you’d go to those library sales or used book stores and come home with bags full.  You said that way I couldn’t even give you grief for killing trees.  Uh—deforestation.  It’s a thing now,” Tony attempted to explain at Steve’s blank look.  “Anyway, you do use the art apps on the tablet sometimes, at least.  I can show you how to work them, if you want.”
“I’d probably have said no, but don’t worry.  My parents would’ve said ‘Yes, please God, thank you, bless you,’ and probably thrown me at you, anyway, which,
“It’s pretty common, guys coming back from injury like that.  For there to be issues, I mean,” Rhodey clarified.  “If you’re talking about it, that’s good.  He really quit?”
“Steve—“ Tony began, though he wasn’t sure what he was going to say.  That he understood?  He did, on one level, but he also knew that there was only so much loss any one person could handle, and that line was probably already in Steve’s rearview mirror.
“Thanks. I think,” Steve said around a low huff of laughter.
“Any minute now?” Rhodey agreed pointedly after a long moment of nothing happening.
“So, I’m hearing you saying she liked it,” Tony replied.
“I don’t think there was anything respectable about him, but okay,” Tony quipped with a shrug.  “So, set up a press conference.  You give me talking points.  I’ll actually stick to them. Steve will stand there looking pretty.  It’ll be great.”
, a voice whispered in Steve’s head, soft and deep, like an echo.   I fought my war, Steve thought, pushing the voice aside.
the rationing, Steve guessed, still smiling as he set their lunches carefully atop the other items in his cart and pushed it into one of the cashier lines.  He would have probably hated a lot of things about that era, Steve figured.  It was hard to picture Tony back then.  He would have stuck out, that was for sure. The way Tesla did, Steve supposed.  Moreso, though, he thought, what with being an Omega.  Not that an Omega like Tony would have ever given Steve Rogers the time of day.
The maître’d led them to their table, off to one side and against the far wall.  Heads turned as Steve passed, Tony noted.  Some of them glanced over Tony, probably wondering how the hell that happened, but most went back to their own meal and conversation.  It was strange, Tony thought, looking around.  This was the first time he’d been out with Steve, he realized. One of the first times he’d been out since they Bonded, period.
How could he have thought anything else in the world would ever come close to this?
“Yeah,” Steve replied, impatience or annoyance or something Tony couldn't name making his voice thin.
“He’s kidding,” Rhodey said, putting a hand on Tony’s shoulder when Tony started to follow Barnes, spatula still in hand.  Tony shot a disgruntled look at Barnes’ back, but stayed in front of the grill.  He watched Steve appear in his own doorway as Barnes approached, then look up to find Tony with a quick smile of greeting before going back to handing another six pack to Barnes and pointing at the grouping of friends and neighbors trying to adversely possess the fourth floor.
Steve handed him the bag of fish food from the basket and shook out a red checkered blanket, placing it neatly on the ground beneath one of the tall pines that circled the pond.
“So what?” Tony asked.
“Nguh,”  Tony groaned, his head falling back until he was staring at what must be the world’s most fascinating ceiling tiles.  Steve withdrew again and repeated the motion, quickly finding a rhythm of long, slow strokes.  Tony’s groans changed to broken, needy grunts as Steve quickened the pace, slamming hard into Tony, lifting Tony’s body up and down with each thrust to make sure he had the right angle.  He took his arm off the wall and wrapped it around Tony as his strokes became sloppy, using his other hand, still slick from the lube, to stroke Tony’s cock, already a deep red with strain.
He felt his hole spasm, quivering as more slick seeped out, and then it slackened, a flood of slick washing out of him as Tony arched his back, gripping the bed for dear life.  God, he needed Steve.  He needed Steve’s big, beautiful cock, and that glorious, huge knot to take him, use him, possess him.  Fill him up and keep him filled, keep Steve’s come inside of him, where it belonged, until he felt bloated with it, so full, it felt like he was choking on it.
It was crazy. Wasn’t it?  But, what about this wasn’t, when you got down to it.  The creature was silent a long moment, then nodded once and bowed its head.  It jabbed its finger towards the horizon with surprising force, a furious frown marring its features.  Its tentacles swarmed underneath it, and Steve had the sense of anger and bitter, pent-up frustration rolling off of it.
“Many would say so.  Okay...It was taking up too much of your time,” Stark suggested, snapping his fingers at Steve.  “No, wait. It was interfering in your relationship with Braut, the time-challenged boyfriend-slash-entreprenuer, which I’m betting means unemployed and supported by his boyfriend.”
Steve looked at the familiar painting for a long moment, then shook his head.  Ahead of him, the light peeked out from under Tony’s bedroom door.  He walked toward it, then stood outside, hesitating.  Sounds drifted through the door.  A low moan.  A soft thump.  Tony’s voice, begging, all soft and enraptured.  The wet slap of flesh on flesh. Steve swallowed past the sudden lump in his throat.
A few dozen surprised stares and the now-typical click of camera phones followed them, but otherwise, they made it to their destination across from the Hard Rock Casino without anyone doing more than asking for Tony’s picture, which he declined with a shake of his head and politely pointed, “On a date.”
“Um,” Steve began, glancing down at the bed beneath him. “Never really had the opportunity.”
It still rankled.  It had taken forever to get that damn goatee going, Tony thought with a exaggerated sigh that everyone in the limo ignored.
“Uh, I’d like to think at least 60-40 on that,” Tony cut in.  Both of the other men ignored him. "Also, we're not done with this conversation," Tony added, voice softening as he gave Steve a long look.
“You should enjoy, too, though,” Steve insisted, “and I’m not really--I mean--I don’t...I
A long moment passed in silence between them.  Steve had no idea what was running through Tony’s mind at this point.  He knew he should make tony talk to more about the situation between them, but couldn’t’ resist asking about the elephant in the proverbial room.  “Tony…what about Stane? What he said…about the Board?  Can they really do that?  Take the company away because…because of us?”
Steve swallowed, suddenly aware of his chest rising and falling with each breath, the way his hands hung uselessly at his sides, the dryness of his mouth, the warmth of the fire at his back, how close he was standing to Tony.  That was all it took. A look, and he was gone. Steve knew he should probably be embarrassed by the ease of his reaction to Tony, as he once had been what seemed like so long ago, but the feeling refused to return. This short span of time was all he had left with Tony.  There wouldn’t be anything else like this, he knew that, deep down. Some people moved on, maybe Nat would one day, he didn’t know, but he couldn’t. Wouldn’t. So, if this was all he got, he wasn’t going to allow shame and regret to color the tiny sliver of time they actually had.
“Not true.  You didn’t the other night.  You didn’t.  Not with me,” Steve told him.
“Of course,” she replied and ducked out of the room.
“He wakes!” the King announced.  “I thought perhaps you would sleep the day away, and took this as proof of my incredible prowess, which is, I am sure, a completely valid assumption,” the King continued, eyes twinkling with mirth.   “Agree with me,” the King commanded with a jaunty grin.
Tony could feel the press of Steve’s finger against the tags, just hard enough to flatten them into Tony’s skin, where he could feel it.  His heart was thundering against his chest.  He wondered if Steve could hear it, it seemed so loud, like when you hid as a kid and tried to be quiet.
I disavow any responsibility for this chapter.  I feel the need to remind everyone that I also wrote A Higher Form of War.  Please do not judge me based on this.  *hangs head*
“Sorry, Buck,” Steve replied.  “We were having dinner, and I turned the phone off after you called.  Guess I forgot to turn it back on.”
“Well, that’s an image,” Steve replied, trying to keep his voice even.  “Hungry?”
They played a few more games, though Tony didn’t ask Steve to repeat the good luck gesture.  It was that, or he was going to have to spill the drink that magically appeared next to him on his pants to hide the evidence that he was reduced to a fifteen-year-old ready to cream himself because his fake husband breathed on him.  It was embarrassing.  He’d care, but Steve seemed to be having a good time watching Tony gamble and before he quite knew what was happening, he was explaining the rules and letting Steve toss the dice.  It was absurdly delightful to watch Steve win or lose.  Tony didn’t care about the money, but Steve’s expressions ranged from looking like someone had given him a pony when he won to frowning at the table like he could will it into submission when he lost.
Not a mere whisper, this time, it was loud and insistent, pounding into his skull with palpable force.  He reached up and gripped the sides of his head, a pained frown forming.  I’m here, he thought, and felt a sudden coldness prickle over his skin, making him brush vigorously at his arms where gooseflesh pebbled the skin. He looked down and realized he had moved towards the bridge, just a few steps, but he had no memory of making them.
allergic to?” she amended when he was finished, then just smiled and waved him off as she went back to ordering for them, though there was genuine warmth in her expression.
“Possibly,” Tony said, making a face back at Rhodey, then looking dubiously down at the grill.
“That’s it?  Just…okay?” Tony repeated with a confused sort of agitation.
“Thanks again, Sam.  I’m sorry to bother you with this…I just…I just couldn’t go back there tonight,” Steve said, sitting down heavily on the sofa and unfolding the blanket.
“Don’t talk about him like that,” Steve snapped. He frowned, then forced his hand to release the seat.  Rumlow wasn’t, of course, talking about anyone in particular.  Just making conversation.  Locker room talk. That was what they called it these days, apparently, as if the location made it acceptable.  Like it could be said here, between Alphas, and left here, never making its way outside.
“What about you?” Tony asked.
“Well, yeah, I mean…” Steve began, clearing his throat and trying to figure out what it was that had been in his brain a moment ago.  “if I had everyone wanting something from me all the time, I’d find a place to hide out, too. It has to be hard.  Being you, I mean. I’d want to not be that sometimes, too, you know?  Just get away from it all for a bit.  Find some quiet,” Steve told him, then winced.  This was probably what Brock meant about the talking thing. “Ah, sorry.  Sorry, that’s...that’s obviously none of my business.  I’m projecting or--or something. I don’t know. My boyfriend says I butt in too much. Can’t just leave well enough alone when it isn’t my problem.  Gets me into trouble,” Steve said with a huff of a laugh, eyes dropping to his feet for a moment. “Ignore me,” he finished, looking back up at Stark, who was watching him with such a strange, shrewd look that Steve almost wanted to take a step back.
“I really don’t mean to make things harder on you, Steve. I don’t,” Tony said.  He didn’t mean to sound so defeated, but he couldn’t seem to help it.  He’d wanted Steve to talk to him.  He hadn’t really given much thought to what hearing what Steve had to say would feel like.  “That’s the last thing I want to do.”
“I think you are.  Or, maybe this team of yours is just full of giant, blind idiots,” Steve scoffed with a shake of his head.  “I would bet…if you just opened up a bit, I would bet that you’d see a change.  I can all but promise you that.  Why don’t you at least try?”
“Lots of languages are different like yours, though.  I didn’t know that for a long time. I remember reading in one of those Adventures I was telling you about when Tony Stark met this tribe on some mountain in Spain, and they spoke by whistling.  Whistling, Shellhead! Like this,” Steve said, then demonstrated a short whistle.
“On the off chance that anyone wants to hear from me, I’d suggest you ride on. Tony isn’t exactly known for his patience under even the best of circumstances,” Captain Rhodes said from his position riding next to Steve.
“Really?” Steve said, sounding surprised.  “That’ be great, Tony. Thanks.  I’d like that.”
“The why?” Tony asked, blinking at her in bafflement.
“He said I was pretty when I was quiet,” Steve corrected.
“Private server, then, Sir?” JARVIS asked.
“Turn around,” Bucky ordered, brushing imaginary dust off the shoulders and sides, then running a hand through Steve’s hair, trying to get it to flatten. “Well.  I guess you’ll do,” Bucky said with a long-suffering sigh, then grinned widely.  “Gods, Steve.  Our lives,” he said, shaking his head for emphasis.  “He’s waiting,” Bucky finished, voice going low as the smile slipped off his face into something far more serious.
That… wasn’t right. There must have been something else.  Many something elses.  He must have felt like… have felt… cherished.  Safe.  He must have felt good about himself.  Like he was valued.  Like he mattered.
“Uh-huh,” Stark said.  “Could’ve done that all kinds of ways. But, you didn’t.  Look at me.  I help people.  Intellicrops.  Our medical division.  Our relief efforts.  That time in the eighties I almost single-handedly brought back parachute pants.  But, it’s my bodyguard who is the big hero, saving the world, rescuing kittens from trees, drinking through a straw.  He’s a man of many talents, truly.  Point being, you could’ve done all kinds of things to help people, but, no, no--you went splashier than that.   Army.  Being a soldier.  Had to have seen some action because you’re pretty young to have made Captain and gotten out already.  Battlefield commission? They still do that?   Feels very George C. Scott.”
“In fact, it was strange, because I kept thinking how easy it was to talk to you. How much you seemed to understand.  Almost as easy as talking to my friend, Iron Man,” Steve was saying as he slowed to a halt in front of Tony.  “Iron Man, my best friend and teammate, who I’ve been in love with for ages, but who keeps talking about how great his boss is.”
“Team Happily Ever After. That’s what we call ourselves,” Tony replied, too quickly, voice dropping off at the end, because he liked the sound of it, but knew it wasn’t right the moment he said it out loud. “I know.  Sorry.  Probably shouldn’t—you know, with the whole not pushing you, wooing you thing and all—that’s probably not a—I mean, it wasn’t a thing, really…not, like, official or….” he trailed off.
Steve pulled his fingers out, and heard Tony whine and huff in protest.  Steve added more lube to his fingers, then lined two up and pushed them all the way in in one quick, deep thrust, jolting a harsh, guttural half-sob from Tony.
“Pretty sure it’s a violation of the Flag Code, but they’re fine,” Steve replied, then started walking over towards the pool.  “I was thinking I’d like to draw you.  The water, the colors, the city down there…makes me want to sketch something.”
