“And Brucey-bear.” Tony said, he didn’t want to up root the kids and drag them to Washington, and Peter needed to attend school so it was better that they stayed in New York. “You okay with that Hapster?” Tony called to Happy.
“That’s not an eagle.” Steve said shielding his eyes from the sun, “That’s a hawk.”
Natasha had brought them down outside of the city and away from the population so they could avoid contact with the locals. News of the Stark’s murder may not have made it into Europe yet, but it would soon, as would their own flight from America, so it was best to keep a low profile. At least that was what Natasha said.
Shaking his head Rhodey made his way over to the suit, he ran his hands up the silver frame, “She’s a beauty.”
“I’ll be fine,” Tony said without turning around, held out a hand to Bucky, offering it to him in friendship, “Please?”
“Fire cracker.” Zach repeated as he lifted his head from Tony’s chest, “That can be my hero name! I’m Fire Cracker!”
“Strucker huh?” Tony said having Jarvis zoom in closer, “That base is pretty well fortified and considering the terrain we won’t be able to fly in, well, Sam, Thor, and I will, but the rest of you will have to go through the woods.”
I can’t actually count the number of times that someone kicked my shins in school, or shoved me into a wall, tripped me when I was walking down the hall, blacked my eye or split my lip. It was a constant thing.
Tony paused considering it. It was a huge secret to ask a boy of Peter’s age to carry, Ned and MJ were trustworthy, especially Ned whom Peter had known for years, really it wouldn’t be fair to expect him to hide this from them, they could help him as he learned to adapt, would help him grounded so he didn’t lose himself in this new identity.
Tony found himself standing in the spot that Coulson had died looking down at photo’s of Zach and Peter on his phone, wondering how he’d break the news to them.
It was hilarious to see two robots making their way across the lab with their claws downcast and beeps sounding saddened as they were chastised.
“Freedom of speech, freedom of the press.” Tony said, rubbing at Steve’s shoulders; he was very touched by how offended Steve was on his behalf, this wasn’t the first time that the press and general public had questioned his abilities to be a parent and it probably wouldn’t be the last; but Steve’s support and his disgust at the comments helped to stifle his own doubts about his parenting skills.
“Yes.” Sharon admitted, glancing at Steve in the rear view mirror.
His Son had to be strong, had to be iron strong or he would crumble under the weight of the pressures that would be lain upon his shoulders. He had to be smarter than the rest of the world, a genius, he had to capable of things that no other could achieve.
Steve’s eyebrow shot up, “Oh will I.” A worryingly smug smirk then stretched over his lips, “Perhaps you will have to do the same.”
Zach sniffed and hiccupped, “But Mamma’s still hurt.”
“Sup Capsicle?” Tony asked offering a tired smile, “You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
“Technically yeah.”
The detective looked down at the table before them, “I do not disagree, but it is out of my hands.”
Killian staggered up onto his knees trying to pry Zach from his body, but the boy held on tight, was unaffected by the heat Killian was giving out and only channelled it back at him. From behind them both Natasha and Clint began to shoot at Killian with their remaining bullets, peppering his back with continued fire further weakening the man as he struggled against the enraged Zach.
“So we’ll have them, and babies of our own.”
Earths Mightiest Heroes Universe.
The hardest part of Tony’s rehab for Steve had been to not do things for Tony himself, he had to bite his tongue and restrain himself from offering to help all the time or to lift Tony from one place to another. He could do it easily, but that wasn’t the point, neither would it be beneficial to Tony, who needed to be able to do these things himself.
“Hell no!”
Both retired from the Avengers, Steve handed over being Captain America to Bucky, while Tony handed the Mantle of Iron Man to Rhodey, as they headed up state with Lily to a lake house, where they were joined nine months later by another daughter they named Morgan, that Pepper surrogated.
“I’ll be back in a few minutes,” he said, patting Steve’s chest and offering him a completely false smile.
“Pete says your dorks!” Zach hummed snuggling into his pillow, “I like Steve, he’ll be a good Daddy.”
“No you didn’t.” Steve said, “You have been seriously hurt.” Peter shot him a scowl too and looked like he was biting back a rather brutal comment.
“Juvie? You want to put two innocent kids into juvie because they are different?” Reynolds cried, “Why not go all the way and put them in a supermax?”
“I know you’re hurting Tony, I can’t imagine what this must be like for you. But you are not alone, we’re all here for you, me, Pepper, Rhodey, the whole team, hell even Fury is behind you on this.” Steve said, reaching out to take Tony’s hand, the Billionaire made to pull away but Steve was too fast, and his cast covered arm was held in Steve’s warm hand, the Super Soldier’s sparkling eye meeting his and Tony had to look away.
Zach turned, blew a raspberry and ran across the road reaching the other side just as the lights changed and Steve was left with traffic blocking him.
“How about we take her to Mr Stark?” Vision suggested.
“An hour.” Bruce replied, “He’s had ten cc’s of morphine administered and a shot of erythromycin. Blood pressure is 80 over 40 and dropping, his pulse is rapid and thready.”
“Is it a boy or a girl?” Rhodey called out.
He could also hear negative comments, people calling him a freak, a mutant, and wondering if he was different “Down there” that made him blush and duck his head almost bumping into a pretty girl who stepped into his path.
Thor was always ravenous after a battle, so was Bruce, so was Steve normally, but with Tony’s life hanging in the balance he had no appetite at all.
“Then that’s where we’re going.” Tony said, turning around so he was facing Steve, realizing how close they were once more, almost touching, “Once we’re ready to, of course.” He cleared his throat and moved slightly away from Steve, his skin tingling as if feather light touches had been run over him until all his nerves were hyper sensitive.
Pepper sat down her papers and braced herself as the questions began, journalists and reporters shouting over one another trying to get their question in first. She answered as many of the questions as she could, having to remind some reporters that with an official investigation going on she couldn’t answer some questions.
Tony had a very simple greenstick fracture to his arm and a mild concussion, the Doctors wanted to keep him in at the Hospital, but Tony refused, signing himself out as soon as the plaster had encased his arm so he could go back to the Tower with Steve.
“Got a nice deal for yourself haven’t you, Doctor?” Tony purred, prowling the bed and looking over Curien’s trashed body. The Detective hadn’t been exaggerating, Curien looked like hell, minus an arm, his leg swollen and sporting the marks of a knee replacement and bone pinning, and then there was the stoma bag on his side that was collecting his bodies waste.
"Yes Sir. With live ammunition or..." the 2IC broke off when he saw the look on Strucker's face. He swallowed and straightened up, "Might I suggest the twins be fitting for kevlar. We do not want to risk loosing such assets."
******
The rest of you, as I’ve said, if you see someone who can’t stand up for themselves, then stand up for them, help them, because helping someone is what heroes do, it’s how Heroes like Iron Man, like Black Widow, like Harley Keener are made.”
Tony stumbled back through to the bedroom and threw himself down onto the bed face first, grabbing a fist full of the duvet and pulled it over himself, covering his head and upper body, “Unless there’s an apocalypse don’t wake me.” He grunted, “In fact, even if there is, don’t wake, I don’t care, I wanna sleep until I’m not so messed up anymore.”
“Ecstatic.”
Tony sniffed at Steve’s retort, “Anywhere you are being held against your will is a prison,” he stated, “I am right aren’t I Jay?” He looked to the android expectantly,
“You don’t have spidey senses!”
Breathing heavily he made his way to the sealed metal door and pressed his hands against it, trying to lift it, but it was shut tight, not even his strength could get it moving. From outside of the lab he could hear footsteps, heavy boots thumping on the ground as people ran; he could hear laboured breathing and orders being given over radios.
It was going to be a long process of healing and likely multiple expensive surgeries that without Osborn’s wealth, Curien had no way to pay for.
“Nothing to be sorry for.” The Nurse said, “And nothing that can’t be easily fixed.”
*****
“Behave, there’s a baby present,” Pepper scolded him, “And I have an offer for you both,” She regretted her word choice when the wicked gleam shone in Tony’s eyes, “Get your filthy mind out of the gutter Mr Stark and focus!”
“I know, but you can do it, you can do this.” Steve encouraged him, taking a damp cloth that was shoved into his hand by Clint.
“I somehow can’t see him doing that.” Natasha said as she began highlighting Tony’s face, the make up hid the worst of the bruising and made him look less pale and drawn. His face had been shaved, his goatee was neatly trimmed and his hair was neat and styled, with a final powder and a dusting of setting powder Tony was as prepared as he was going to be.
“Sir!”
After breakfast Tony drove the boys to school letting them know that if the mission ran late then Pepper would pick them both up and take them home. He reiterated the advice he’d already given them about what to do if they felt stressed out and needed to come home and hugged and kissed Zach goodbye, and got an uncomfortable and grumbling hug from Peter who didn’t want to look “Uncool” in front of his friends, both of whom waved to him as Tony pulled away and headed back for the tower.
“This could benefit us too.” Tony said, “We take our employee’s children, if they agree, and we take the most academically gifted children throughout the country and we give them the kind of education that can’t be found in most mainstream schools. We can make sure the classroom numbers are smaller so that the kids get more one on one time with their teachers, and also instead of trying force kids to learn standardized subjects that they may struggle with, we focus more on developing their knowledge and skills with the subjects they are good with.”
Ordinarily Jarvis respected his Makers privacy and did not interfere in his relationships. This may have been a mistake in accounts to Stane, but Jarvis had not known that at the time his creators Husband was his enemy, not until it was too late and the override codes had been used on him, giving Stane the opportunity to attack Tony in their home.
“Bucky, are you okay?” Now he sounded worried, “Steve, I think something might have happened…”
“Not like mine, more like yours but much less… you know, garish.” Tony said,
Steve was feeling incredibly weary by the time they got home and incredibly fed up with Alphas. That night, he just resigned to the fact that he would never truly understand them and that he would never get why they felt a need to prove anything. Sure, omegas might compete over an Alpha but they wouldn't goddamn fight another omega they met, just prove a point! Okay, maybe that was exaggerating the situation but...still. Tony was better looking, had more more money, and had a mate, in comparison to Pitbull.  He didn't need to prove anything at all he and Steve were already bonded and Steve had never even talked to the guy!  And yet he felt a need to fight him.
"You have like... no pictures up here," Steve breathed. "I thought it might be nice to... have some." He offered Tony a nervous smile.
"Right," Steve swallowed. "So I have to tell you guys... everything?"
...ew.  Tony, like Stane, thought bonding was creepy and gross.  It was not something he ever intended to do.  Some of the guys at Philips' had had arranged bonds and most of them were not thrilled about it.   According to Dan-from-chemistry, he'd never even met his mate; he was expected to have the scenting the day before mating her, in a big public ceremony.  "Imagine," he'd said, "trying to bite the back of someone's neck in front of your
"No."
"The director is here," he said, voice flat and toneless.
But he also decided it was probably best not to make any comments immediately.  He didn't want to undermine what Steve was doing, and besides, he had to be on his best behavior for SHIELD.
"Not since 2008.  ...we use condoms sometimes, like.... like maybe four times so far, I think."
is a palindrome?  ...I mean, no, obviously, I don't know the track offhand, but my reflexes are fantastic, I'm pretty sure we're going to do great..."
When Tony woke up, light was streaming through the windows and Steve was gone.  For a moment, Tony experienced panic.  Then he remembered Steve's interview.  He let out a mirthless laugh; poor Steve.  Tony felt awful.  How Steve was going to handle himself while suffering the after-effects of the simulation were beyond him.
"I'll send you more formal invitations later today. All the suit and tie nonsense," Ellis said, sounding more familiar now Tony was in the conversation.  "I'll leave you to...
But he didn't voice that aloud because it wouldn't help Steve right now.  Right now, he needed held and comforted and that was literally the very least Tony could provide.
Tony looked up sharply, sensing another presence; Malick had wandered over, trailed by the blond.  "Malick alert," he said hastily.
Tony slipped the keys into Steve's pocket, then pulled out his own collar and snapped it on.  Holy cow, he had not realized how damned heavy these things were. Tony rarely wore any jewelry other than a watch and his class ring; wearing a collar was a weird experience.  He put a few fingers under it and moved it around, trying to find a way to keep it from touching the patch on the back of his neck where his hackles were. Once it was settled, he popped on his sunglasses and slid out of the car with Steve.
orders.  Bucky had followed lots of orders with the hope that it would please Steve and he'd get to mate him.  This was bullshit.
When Richard began by talking pure basic genetics, he was a hell of a lot clearer than Clint had been.  There were two genes: one for status and one for the expression of status. An Alpha, for example, could have two different genes: an Alpha gene and a beta gene.  If the beta gene was turned off, then they would be an Alpha, and if the beta gene was turned on, they would be a beta who could have an Alpha child. Ditto for omegas.
"But... but you guys aired in '84-- you bonded when he was seventeen?"
"What's in the box?"
"Fuck!  Fuck!  Fuck!" he screamed, ripping wires off his head.  "Fuck!  Oh, fuck!  Fuck me!  That was--
"That's stupid," said Tony.
' under her breath when they'd passed useless and testosterone-fueled training sessions on their way into the gym.
"I brought you water," he said, desperately wanting the omega's approval, for reasons he wasn't quite sure of.
Steve was taken back, however. Maybe it was omega intuition, or maybe she worked out what all the blood was from before. He didn't know. He didn't ask.
This was what a honeymoon was supposed to be. Serene and peaceful.
"How the hell did you learn a new language in less than six months Rogers?" he asked, teasing good-naturedly. "Did the serum make you smarter?"
"Mr. Stark?  ... nice collar, by the way..."
. His brushed his finger's against his mate's cheek almost hesitantly. He remembered holding the gun to his own head. He remembered the chilly barrel pressed against clammy skin. He remembered being prepared to pull the trigger to stop HYDRA from taking him.
On the jet, Phil had just finished circling a few areas of interest on a map of Yemen when Tony cringed noticeably.
"Hmm," said Dr. Brennan thoughtfully.  Her pager went off suddenly before she could follow up her hum with anything substantial.  She checked it. "Steve, I'm very sorry, but I've been called away on an urgent matter. I'd like to continue this discussion on a daily basis for the next week, at the end of which I'll share with you my recommendations.  You understand that, while what is said in here is confidential and protected by HIPAA law, if I think you're going to hurt yourself or endanger anyone else, I will have to say something... and that at the end of our time together, I do have to advise SHIELD and the DoD about what's to be done with you."
"...sometimes," said Pietro cautiously.  He turned his head back to stare at the sky.  "But our first goal really must be Stark. He needs to pay for what he's done."
"Captain America is a rabbit, like me."
to you...well, I could technically give it to you but it wouldn't have quite the same effect. It's a surprise. But probably for more... night time activities," Steve said, trying and failing to be both subtle and to hide his smile. His eyes glinted with something mischievous, like he already knew he had Tony hooked.  "I'd happily give it to you anytime you want, or show you...however you put it," Steve said, not wanting to give it away. He knew Tony wouldn't guess it. No way.
Steve's breath sucked in softly and he had to stop himself from looking away at all the flashing lights and flaring bulbs. It was a strange moment and it was hard to breathe until Tony's hand found his again under the table. He swallowed. His neck was tingling, almost like it was on fire...but not in a bad way.  And Tony had almost definitely ruined the hair the woman inside had spent ten minutes fixing. But Tony touching him like-- it felt good. It always did, didn't it?
"Are any of you looking to purchase today?" Gene asked curiously.
wasn't Steve Rogers.
An omega to their left was looking at Steve strangely, they were clearly taking this talk very seriously. Steve wasn't sure he could possibly take it seriously.
is Latin for
Justin sucked in a breath as Steve leaned in to whisper in his ear.
One of the girls tending to them accidentally giggled.
The doctor tilted her head at him slowly.
Tony stared at the words, unsure of what he was supposed to feel.  The texts were without emotion. Was Steve mad at him? Steve was coming back... that was good, right?  But he was with Bucky. He was taking him somewhere "safe."
"Pals. Yeah. Ha," Steve let out a bitter sounding laugh. Buck would use that word all the time. They were just
David paused, weighing options, then said, "Well, Donner, I... I did a pregnancy test and it looks like you're expecting."
His therapist had talked to Steve a lot about this sort of thing. When the song came to an end Steve ducked to kiss the corner of Tony's mouth. "Doesn't matter if I am," he told him,
"Karpov isn't here," Steve said quietly, still watching Bucky tensely. Even when he moved to take a drag from his cigarette, Steve couldn't relax. He was ready to defend himself in seconds. Even though Bucky had resisted and wasn't currently conforming... the effect of that command had been alarming and it had reminded Steve of the complexity of the situation.
"...what sort of special thing did you have in mind?" he asked, nosing Steve's hair as he stared at the--
"I'm s-sorry," said Donner, trembling.
Steve woke with a start when he heard the front door of his apartment open and close. There was no force. Someone had a key. He frowned and sat up in bed. "Tony..." He whispered and nudged the Alpha's shoulder. "Tony, wake up."
Tony frowned a little.  "...Steve... when you say
Dr. Brennan was nodding slowly, thoughtfully.  "A break from SHIELD would probably be a good idea.  And focusing on your charity work sounds very fulfilling."  She gave Steve a small smile that was a little crooked. "You know Irshad Nazari of the World Omega Rights Council?  She's fighting for you. And so are the Walkers. The Horseshoe Society is lobbying hard to get you and your friends pardoned."
The morning of the interview Steve woke up early to shower. He tried to calm himself down and focus on the coconut and raspberry smell of the shower gel. Steve stepped out of the steamy bathroom with just a towel around his waist. He bent down to kiss a half-awake Tony's forehead.
?"  Tony was hysterical, yelling and pacing through his living room.
"Oh.  Okay. Thanks," said Tony.
." His frown deepened. "They think the only reason you've...is because of... but do they even
He found a bathroom and pushed open the door to see two people making out in the bath. They squealed at the interruption and Steve quickly shut the door before moving along to the next one.
"...he won't wake up for a little while longer.  Doesn't have your metabolism," said Tiberius with a little smile.
"I'm gonna go surfing now," he announced, fighting to open the door and practically falling out of the car.
Steve shook away the memory.  He had to focus on the present.
"That
ack," he whimpered, a fist tightening around a clump of Steve's hair.
"What is it about, then?"
"...listen.  I knew Howard back when you were still a baby.  He'd cooled off a lot by his fifties. He wasn't a bad person.  But his views were old-fashioned. In his time, omegas weren't people and he had a hard time seeing them like that, especially since he kept two of 'em as servants."
...but Tony made demands of him all the time.  Like Tony would ask for coffee, whatever. But that was the way he was...that was nothing to do with being an Alpha, was it? God. It made Steve's head hurt.
"Yes'm," mumbled Donner.  Lots of the Alphas he'd met over the last week seemed to enjoy having him disobey and then punishing him for it... living out a weird Steve Rogers fantasy, he guessed.  It was a strange paradox, getting ordered to disobey, to say no, to be bad. It wasn't in Donner's nature to do those things.
Steve sighed softly, breath hot against Tony's fingertips. It would take seconds to just turn his head and press his lips to his fingers and suck one into his mouth and-- he blushed a little, surprised at his own thoughts.
Another hand shot up. "Is it true exercise can cause a miscarriage?"
"No. You're done talking. You're
He nosed Steve's neck weakly; the bite mark there was tinged red.
"I said no. You're high and I'm not. I'm not having sex with you," Steve insisted. He kept his tone patient, understanding and calm. It was hard not to smile at Tony being so petulant. It wasn't like Steve was often in the mood. But this wasn't about that.
Steve nodded. He looked Tony. "Maybe we should get going. Sorry we interrupted your work guys."
But he wasn't about to tell them he was a virgin, either.  He'd been at college for a year now.  How sad would it be if he admitted he'd only really made one friend and the only social life he had revolved around getting drunk and doing graduate students' homework for them?  No, he was already dedicated to this lie.  He shot "Nick" a warning look.  If "Nick" didn't want to get arrested, he'd better play along.  Tony was interested to know how he'd gotten past their home security system, anyway; he'd spent half the week rewiring it for fun and it should have been impenetrable.  Clearly, something had gone wrong, if this tweaked out little weirdo had gotten into his room undetected.
Joey turned around and offered Steve a handkerchief, clearly thinking the same thing.
"Since when did you care about my image?  You crashed my birthday party."
"I've already given you your extra five minutes," Steve told him with a lopsided smile as he knelt down by his bedside, head tilted as his gaze flickered over Tony's form in bemusement. His chest was rising and falling steadily beneath the sheets. Steve reached up to slowly peel them back till he could see Tony's eyes, nose and then lips.
The audience was clapping.  Pepper and Aria gave the two of them a shove.
"You're Christian. Or you were. It's different for you," Aria pointed out and took another sip from her own macchiato.
?"  Gideon shifted Steve a little, laying his head onto his knee, so that he was sort-of kneeling in front of the couch.  He continued to rub behind Steve's ears and play with his hair lovingly. No. Not lovingly. There was no love, just a cold, proud sort of possession.
inside of him… So fucking good...
"It's nothing.  Nothing you're doing," he reassured Steve quickly, closing his eyes and reaching down to run a hand through his hair.  "Just.... just mad at myself over something.  Don't worry about it.  I like... this."  He paused, then added, "...Captain."
"Orchids?" guessed Tony.
No one got a good look at anything because the lights were dim and Tony immediately flung himself into the room and collided with another man and in an instant, the two were on the floor snarling and writhing and snapping.
"He'll save us!"
"...it's okay," said Tony.  "Can I still hold you?" Steve didn't protest, so Tony maintained his grip on his omega.
"Would you like to treat me as 'nature intended?'" Steve hissed, eyes narrowing. His polite demeanor was quickly cracking, fragmenting and his hands were definitely balled into fists again. He didn't usually punch unarmed men but Gideon was making the prospect awfully tempting. "I
Kerry sat down with Steve to explain the final moments; Tony sat on Steve's lap, facing him, his chin on Steve's shoulder and his arms around Steve.  Of course Steve was too big for Tony to cover completely, but that wasn't going to stop him from trying. Kerry's body language was slow and submissive, aware of Steve's post-heat.
"Pretty much, yeah," said Tony, leaning on the handrail and wincing as he climbed up the stairs.  "They say tragedy plus time equals comedy."
"--because I want to respect your privacy, obviously, but I don't know what you expect me to do, really, it's a mess, this is so inconsiderate, even for you!" finished Pepper.  "There's a big-- a big rubber penis--"
He thought back to the way Maggie had just pressed behind his ear. It was terrifying. What if people learned to use that in battles, in fights? Steve couldn't have floored Johann Schmidt if he'd done that to him. Frond was dangerous and Steve didn't like it. He usually considered himself someone who wasn't easily manipulated but she'd told him to stop laughing. And he had. He would have found it humiliating if he hadn't found it more petrifying.
"Pepper and Aria probably want to talk to you.  About what happened and about the... plans for the AU conference," said Tony, settling back down, draped over Steve's back.  "...Steve, I know I already said this, but listen to me, okay? ...this might be... hard for you. You freaked out back there over the collars.  And this isn't going to be a couple of nice omegas handing you collars. These guys, they're going to treat you like you're subhuman, and they're going to have their own collared omegas with them, and... and it might be hard.  I know you're always saying how it's okay 'cause you dealt with it in the forties, but it's not okay, and I think you're entitled to a break from that shit. ...you know how you said omegas got punished back in your day? You know that, literally, this conference... there's gonna be Alphas there who are going to be groping you and ordering you around and... and I'm gonna be the one they listen to, not you.  And I'm not very dominant. And if they don't think I'm putting you in your place, they might do it themselves. I know you can handle yourself, but you shouldn't have to. This thing's gonna be stressful and... and you know, Aria's right, you
Tony felt a little smile tug at the corners of his mouth.  The way Steve had refused him reminded him of Pepper.
Clint laughed.  "Laura about hit the roof when I brought Nat home.  I mean, we'd discussed about me getting an Alpha, but... well, talk about unexpected."  Clint paused, a strange expression on his face. "...you know. When me and Natasha met, I was in heat.  I was supposed to assassinate her, actually. I tracked her across half of Siberia, but she was wily. By the time I cornered her, I was out of suppressants."  He paused, then added, "You know we bonded while I was in heat, right? ...I'm not saying I consented, exactly. But that what happened was organic and natural and neither of us regretted it afterwards.  Not for a second."
Steve watched Tony retreat to the bathroom with a sigh. He really shouldn't be putting weight on his foot, it would only make it heal slower but Steve knew that Tony's pride played a part in his stubbornness more than anything else did. He slumped back on the sheets as he waited, gaze fixed on the pure white ceiling above. "JARVIS... can you order me some clothes and bill it from my account?" he asked the air. It would take him a while to get used to that.
"Steve, drink more water-"
Steve almost blushed at the comment and then looked up, expression softening as Tony pretended to size him up just so. He cocked his head and met his gaze before he sighed fondly. "Well then," he placed his hands on his hips and gave him an expectant look. "Get out of bed, Tony." He said, voice not quite commanding but certainly firm.
to. Because I like that stupid twitch your left eye makes when you're annoyed, the crease in your brow when you're thinking. I like the way you build things and take them apart and your creatively, and how goddamn amazing the things are that you create with your
The only real thing that was killing him was the withdrawal.  Tony had detoxed a number of times and it was always hell.  He figured he'd negotiate with Steve later for more drinks; two would do virtually nothing.
It was sort of frightening, how quickly Steve's mind slipped from their conversation to him dropping to his knees like it was as simple as breathing. Is this what Frond did to her omegas all the time? It must have been terrifying when they were first bonded.
Natasha groaned in frustration. "The HYDRA assassin didn't want to shoot you?  Whatever you say, Steve..."
"If you come for me, I'll give you more," growled Tony enticingly as he fucked Steve.  "You want more? You want to be all filled up?"
A shudder ran through Steve and suddenly he could feel him again,
The radio at his belt crackled and he heard Karpov's voice.  It snapped him out of his reverie.
"You guys head up. Give me two minutes." Steve whispered. Natasha nodded and guided the scientist with her, Sam following on reluctantly. Steve turned to Tony, the blank eyes of the suit giving away nothing.
?  We
"Yes," Steve replied carefully. "This is Tony..."
There was an awkward silence after that. Kerry took initiative and broke it.
that guy!" he growled.  JARVIS put Steve back on.  Tony was still worked up; the hair on the back of his neck was still standing up.  "Steve," he murmured, as if checking that Steve was okay.  The very idea of Justin even thinking about Steve drove him crazy.
The worst thing was, Steve honestly didn't know, and now he was never going to find out. He just felt sick to his core and a little shaky. His stomach still ached with a phantom pain. Maybe if he'd been better he wouldn't have miscarried, maybe if he hadn't let Bucky throw him against that wall. Oh God,
They had tried to put a couple of different pain medications into the IV bags but nothing seemed to work especially well; in the end, they had simply kept replacing a cold, damp cloth on the back of Steve's neck.  Steve's body tore through the IV bags like crazy, clearly desperate for both water and nutrients.
Steve forced a smile; Tony forced one back, then stood and slipped into the bathroom.  He turned on the sink to splash some water on his face. Steve had told Maggie Frond she wasn't a very good Alpha, but... that thing she'd done... that seemed like the sort of thing a good Alpha would know how to do.
"No," said DeSoto meekly, shrinking a little at his tone.
"Dude, that's what we were
Pietro was pacing; he kept flitting back and forth in front of the television, a disorienting flash, a blink.
"Tony, you told me to get you the best, I got you the best," said Pepper, looking embarrassed.  Tony's dander was up in a way that was extremely noticeable.
Steve knew, perhaps better than anyone in the developed world,
, but then DeSoto would pissy. Steve thought about he and Tony arguing back in New York and was suddenly proud of that moment;
" he cried, horrified.  "
"I don't know why grown adults having sex is controversial? But yes, I have it and I enjoy it. That shouldn't change how people see me.  No one's asking Tony about
to. But it wasn't as simple as that. He was in the news every day with people already trying to undermine him and Steve knew what would happen if he knelt- they'd call him a hypocrite. Say it was archaic. But it would only be because they don't understand. But Steve also understood why Tony was asking...he wanted to show them.
Suddenly a look of comprehension dawned and for a moment Steve thought it was all coming back to him.  But instead, he reached into his pocket and pulled out the pack of cigarettes and the lighter Pietro had given him, and lit one up.
Rhodey scowled.  "You're an ass, man."
"I'm sorry we can't stay for the whole thing, Donner," he mumbled.
Rhodey had the suit; the world would be okay without him.  Pepper had the company; Stark Industries would live on without him.  And hey, he'd had a good party.  Gone out with a bang.  He'd made it to forty, which wasn't so bad.  And here he was, watching the sun come up, warm liquid yellow, the palm trees swaying.
Also, he was inclined to begrudgingly agree with Howard.  The omega in front of them
Tony watched as Steve prostrated himself-- downward dog-- and he felt a surge of something like pride in Steve.  He could tell Steve felt it in his own gut, because Steve shivered again with clear excitement in himself for obeying correctly.
Aria frowned and reached out to touch Steve's forehead.  She had to stand on her toes to do so because of his height.
He tried to figure out if it was all worth it. Malick would probably love it if he could see him now. Captain America brought to tears and verging on a panic attack from trying on a few collars. He would probably laugh. He would probably find it
He looked back over his shoulder and met Twelve's gaze. She looked absolutely terrific, although he couldn't tell if she was furious with him or the situation; her mismatched eyes watched him go.
"Look, let me call Fury and have him call Pierce or Hawley.  They can at least confirm if he got sucked into the STRIKE team that's outposted over there," said Phil reasonably.  "If not, then he's probably just having a beer somewhere. I really think you're over-reacting. Steve can take care of himself."
"We should probably start as soon as possible," Aria said. Steve had wandered off and was beginning to search for more food.  His actions had a compulsive sort of hint to them.  A cameraman followed him.
"This is insane. I'm getting like twenty emails a minute. Serious," Aria muttered, tapping away at her tablet furiously. She was lying on the sofa with her feet in Steve's lap, the omega sitting with a towel around his shoulders and a cup of coffee in his hands. His hair was still damp from the dip he'd taken in the sea.
The color drained from his face; on screen, a child was peeking over the edge of the model.  "Tony, what are you doing back there? What is that?  Put that back! Put it back!  Why aren't you in bed?  Where’s your mother?
Steve almost blushed. "I'm just bein’ honest..."
"I haven't seen Ty," said Tony mildly after a moment.
"You've got to be fucking--"
with less than a weeks' notice?  Plus, the media is having a field day about you two going collar shopping... is this revenge?  Is that it? Are you purposely trying to slight me because of this morning?"
Tony let out a deep, exasperated sigh.
All four women went down in a tangle of limbs.  All had long hair and there was an ample amount of yanking; even though all four were betas, more than one of them resorted to biting.
He shook it off and continued his climb to the roof.  He did not want to fail Karpov again.
Downstairs, Tony was halfway through his coffee when he heard his mother yelling.  A thief?  In
"You...you don't want us to go up for auction, do you? But if we don't do that, then what do we do?"
"Tony--
Tony huffed a little, leaning up and forward to kiss Steve's shoulder softly.  "Steve.   Bonding.  Thoughts on black licorice?  ...I should've asked that before mating you. I'm really serious about black licorice being great.  I eat those jellybeans last.  Because they're the best
Vanko laughed."Я собираюсь убить альфа и, затем, я собираюсь уничтожить тебя."
"...yes."
"Project 84.  Steve. We gotta go to that office, track him down... Gideon must've given him to Bennett; they're gonna sell him off to one of those camps or worse... we gotta find him.  He can't wait until July."
Out on the pool deck, Tony was staring at the perfectly calm, clear surface of his pool.
"Love you, Alpha," whispered Steve back.
You could pick out the Alphas easily; they towered over the betas.  There was a guy in a bowler hat and an enviable mustache standing just behind Howard, and another one with a goatee and a beret on Steve's left, and the guy on the far right with a helmet and a bandolier and a jaunty grin.  Tony had noted, with some small sense of satisfaction, that Howard was the shortest Alpha.
Steve was only half-aware of the exchange that was going on. Steve could hear Tony's voice and his heart ached. Fuck, why wouldn't his vision stop spinning? He wasn't getting enough oxygen; he was feeling woozy...
Steve sucked in a breath and curled his arms tighter around himself. A lump formed in his throat. He was pretty sure he was going to cry.
"...gimme back my suit," demanded Tony.
All of them had watched Tony, a weak Alpha, try to lay claim to a strong omega who was
"Just because you feed a dog and treat it well, doesn't mean you're not abusing it if you kick it once a day," Steve stated, his voice set and Eric looked mildly horrified. He clearly wasn't someone who wanted to go up against Steve. He was trying his best to be polite. Piper looked confused, like she didn't get it.
But right now Steve was mostly just thinking about his glasses. He was about to reach for them--
"Basically do what you want?" repeated Tony.  "A man after my own heart.  I, too, have been known to do whatever I want.  You, for example."  He smiled down at Steve, running his fingers through the other's hair, rinsing him off.  "Do I have to call you
Steve stared at the empty doorway. "I think I'm gonna be sick. Wait. No." He held out a hand, closing his eyes for a brief moment. "Fuck," he whispered, to no one in particular. He couldn't believe this. "Did he say he'd had four before? What does he mean
He had never willingly gone down on another man but it was like riding a bicycle.  It had been two years since he'd been forced onto his knees with a gun to his head, and they'd trained him well.  He was feeling too good to feel disgusted with himself; in fact, he felt like this was the first truly selfless thing he'd ever done.  Poor Steve. Nearly a century old and never had a blowjob. Tony's tongue traced his shaft, the veins, his lips grazing the head as he bobbed his head, feeling Steve grow hard, opening one eye lazily to check on Steve's reaction.
Tony felt sick at the idea of needing to be "taught" how to have a relationship with Steve.  He and Steve had a perfect relationship already; they were bonded, they lived together, they fucked, they were friends... this talk of him "learning" how to abuse Steve was so fucking backwards, but how could he say no, now that Gideon of all people had stood up for him?
"I'm worried he'll scuff it."
He huffed a little at the idea of Steve being held down and bitten by anyone else; he leaned to to nuzzle Steve's neck.
Maybe he was making a point.
Both Aria and Pepper looked pleased with themselves.
Steve stared down at the sheets, his eyes a little red around the edges. Tiberius sighed.
He held Tony's hand as he watched Nick turn, his long, black coat disappearing into the crowd along with the suitcase.  Steve doubted he'd ever see that suitcase again, but as for Fury, well... Steve did not think it was outside of the realm of possibility.
It was still strange to him to ask Steve, this fresh, young-faced guy who was half his age, about his father, to remind himself that Steve was, chronologically, old enough to
Tony couldn't smell if he was bonded from this distance but the knowledge was enough to calm him down a little.
"Avocado."
Pepper was on the phone as he passed her office but gave him a warm smile as she took the coffee off of him.
I'll never say another bad thing about MSNBC ever again...
Tony woke in the middle of the day.  Beside him, Steve was sweating and breathing heavily, aroused.  He was in preheat. Not heat. Weird. Tony would have thought, by now...
Bucky was trying to hold Steve's hand again. He let him. There was no harm in it. The edge of Pietro's lips twitched up.
already.
somehow...
There was a loud crash downstairs several minutes later. The two agents looked alarmed but Pepper didn't. She held up a hand to them when they tried to stand. "It's fine."
of omega friends. I have like..." He counted off the top of his head. "Like five!  And two of them are in SHIELD and they're excellent agents. Malick isn't an agent and he's full of shit. Men like that have never been out in a fight. They sit behind their desks in their fancy suits and pretend they know what's going on. Omegas make good agents, just like Alphas and betas. We're not all happy as housewives; some of us want to make a difference. I like to think I did. Sure, I was shot. But it was a war, people were out there dying...I
Steve sighed softly as Tony's hands explored him, arcing up into his touch on instinct. He was tense from the conference, the constant being on guard and holding himself back...but underneath Tony like this he could feel himself letting go. He closed his eyes briefly and then shivered when he felt Tony's fingers graze close to that special spot on the back of his neck. Steve bit down on his bottom lip. It had been embarrassing, kneeling like that and having Malick see him-- but aside from that it had felt good, better than it had any right to. And certainly better than it had felt when Frond did it.
Steve grunted as he caught another hit with both hands; that metal arm was brutal. Kate was still grappling with the other man; Fury was only half standing. Steve hissed quietly as he was ending up trapped between the counter and the soldier.
Tony's teeth gritted.  Again, this bullshit with his father and omega rights.  Tony growled and thrashed.
Wait.
Tony grabbed another glass of champagne, feeling sick and wanting the numbness that alcohol promised.
He caught Steve's eye.  Steve's eyes really were gorgeous, deep blue with little flecks of green and gold around the pupil.  Steve had movie star eyes.
Without warning Tony felt tears in his eyes.
Fury swore.  "How the hell did they know we were here?"
"I w-won't tell you a-anything..."
"...it's okay," said Sam quickly.  "It's supposed to be there."
He tried to move his arms, his hands only flexed by his sides. From onlooker's point of view Steve must have looked unnatural. For a soldier, his back wasn't straight enough and his arms hung awkwardly. Even his legs looked disjointed and poorly coordinated. He couldn't have been comfortable kneeling there like he was. And he wasn't.
He wanted to tell her, so badly. About Barney's location being kept from Clint, and Gideon's involvement.  But he'd made a promise to Phil. And Steve knew, he
"What do we do?" asked Tony in alarm.
Steve had a good point about the stairs.
"...twenty-fifth anniversary.  It's a doozy," said Pepper, pinching the bridge of her nose again.  "It's about forty minutes to Silverlake. Maybe he'll be a bit... better after a nap.  If not we'll just leave him in the backseat." (Tony occasionally couldn't be woken; more than once, Steve had found Tony on the back deck or the kitchen counter or the floor of the living room with a blanket draped over him, courtesy of Pepper, who informed Steve that, thanks to him, Tony's frequency of sleeping in an actual bed had gone up dramatically.)
Bucky stared at him.
"...the ones you got yesterday?" repeated Pepper, blinking.
"You could wear the sweater I knitted you," suggested Donner.
"Oh, Steve," said Tony with a small roll of his eyes, clearly amused by Steve's naivete.  "This is the
"The only way he's going to pass is in a simulation by himself.  When you went in, Steve, the whole thing went haywire and we ended up with a third party in there," said Natasha quietly.  "Do you have
"This isn't about omega rights, Tony. Just me," Steve said quietly and willed his shoulder line to tense back down. This wasn't good, just before they went live...Steve wasn't good at pretending. But he would have to be. He would be. Maybe him and Tony could work this out. After a couple of conversations, or something. He didn't even know what he was doing, Steve realized. Couldn't Tony feel it though? How shitty it made Steve feel when his other half literally ogled body types that were 100% unattainable for him and then made demands and ordered him around like he was nothing more than one of the many nameless stagehands? He sighed.
"If you cooperate, things could be better," said Pietro, and Steve realized he was holding a knife.  No, not
Tony held up a hand and sighed deeply.  "Okay, okay, I get it, I see where this is going," he said, beginning to unbutton his shirt.
Steve tilted his head into his touch and then sighed fondly at Tony's confession. "It's okay. Aria sent some back up stuff." Maybe it was via Pepper, but she seemed to constantly be aware of how unreliable Tony could be. She always had a back up in place for either of them. Steve traced his fingertips down the edge of Tony's jaw, his smile almost dreamy. Even he'd not been awake an hour yet. "I think it's just over here..." He forced himself to pull away and fetch clothes. Aria had sent everything in a neatly folded pile in the form of 'Tony's plan B'.
Steve laughed gently. "I'm not a reindeer," he reminded him, a playful glint in his eyes as he moved to hoist Tony up into his arms, one arm under his back and the other under his knees. He smiled and kissed his alpha's forehead before he moved them up the steps, taking them two at a time like it was nothing.
Was it worse or better to be pinned by an omega?  Hard to say.  Steve had been gentle but Tony was well aware that Steve was bigger than him, stronger; that he could be easily overpowered by Steve, despite Steve's status.
Steve's voice sounded broken, empty. He looked tired but he was still driving just fine. He had a ways to go. "I know where we're going. It won't be long now. Just sleep Buck; you should get some sleep." His voice was akin to a worried mother's, pushy but laced with concern. Steve clearly wanted Bucky to shut up and rest. There were points in the drive when he refused to look at the Alpha and looked like he might cry, but he pushed on through. He'd taken them far out of the city by now and he was headed south.
On the other side of the sidewalk, in the sand, Wanda was sitting under a palm tree, doing card tricks for a crowd of about a dozen people while Pietro and the soldier shared an ice cream cone.
"People loved it," said Pepper, who was watching live updates on Tony's phone.  "You were sincere, you were brave, that was excellent."
he thought smugly.
"Have you been living under a rock?  That's all anyone's talking about, him being an omega," said Tony.  "He came out months ago."
He sighed out, sipping his coffee again, refocusing on the sunrise.
"Steve?" ventured Sam.  "Steve? Can you talk to us, buddy?  Are you hurt?"
Tony darted into the procedure room and crouched on the ground, gathering Steve into his arms; Steve had a wide-eyed, wild look.  He as disoriented, and his strength made his dangerous, but Tony wasn't thinking of that.  "Hey.  Hey.  You're okay.  Steve.  I've got you," he murmured.  "It wasn't real. You're fine, you're alive.  Steve.  I got you, you're good.  Look at me, Steve..."
"What are you doing with the Tesseract?"
Tony's mouth twisted a little.  "So... things are going good."
an amputee.  The last thing she wanted to deal with now was yet another realization that he had lost his left arm.
to protect Steve, just like that time outside the movie theater when he'd taken on that guy twice as big as-
Steve didn't appreciate the way Pierce was looking at him, either. Even though Tony was the lowest dominance Alpha in the room, having his mate beside him made Steve feel... safer.  It was a silly notion.  This wasn't a back alley in the 1930s and Tony wasn't Bucky, yet Steve found he felt the same feeling of discomfort being around all these Alphas, and having his mate there, "guarding" him, was a comfort.
.  "How's the tesseract doing?"
"...you're
Natasha looked over at Tony, seemed to weigh the pros and cons of telling him, and then, as usual, defaulted to her typical bluntness.
"You couldn't help going into heat," he said, fiddling with the thread on the end of his shirt.  "And... and it's my fault that you kneeled.  Knelt?  I shouldn't have asked that.  I... I dunno why I did... but, look, you can tell Fury and his goons that it doesn't matter anyway.  'Cause I don't want an omega.  Steve... Steve, you know how many people I've bedded?  Like... like probably..."  Tony got a faraway gleam in his eye that Steve knew meant he was doing math.  "Well, okay, I've been sexually active for, uh, twenty-one years... fifteen girlfriends, average about four to six months each... so... five months... that's six and a quarter years dating, so we remove that, that's fifteen years I've been stag, and if you assume two partners a week for fifteen years, uh... fourteen hundred and forty.  Or a girl every four days, that's... that's thirteen hundred and sixty-eight.  Every five days... one thousand and ninety-five."
"Uh-huh.  I want him to see it's a beautiful world and--
. The pain was so great his eyes almost wanted to water.
The group around Steve, drunk, was getting increasingly rowdy.  Banksy had disappeared, probably to protect the rug he kept worrying about.  The music in the background was loud and pounding again; it was after midnight and the party was slowly devolving into something more like one of Tony's parties.  Boswell was either an incredibly deep sleeper or he was upstairs with a bunch of pillows crammed over his head; the music was loud enough to drown out all talk except yelling, and the bass vibrations came up from the floor.
"...guilty..."
"...I'm almost positive your name is James Barnes," said Pietro.  "You write James more than any other word in there."
Tony's excitement had given way to a look of disgust.  "Why bother? He's got his other mate. I don't want this stupid bond anymore.  He'd rather have Bucky, anyway."
"Come in!" he called out and then sat up a little at Tony's arrival. Steve made a conscious effort to look less panicked. "Hey." He tried for a smile. "I, er, peed on the stick thing.  Should know any minute now."
Tony wondered if it was normal to have two marks like that.  He'd never seen it before on anyone else, but to be fair, Tony didn't eyeball omegas' necks very often.  It was considered rude, like ogling a woman's cleavage while she was wearing a low-cut blouse.  Tony had always ogled cleavages and asses, not necks.  He'd always been drawn to beta women and had never even considered dating a male omega.  (He'd been with female omegas but only ones who were on heavy suppressants.)
Despite Steve's general dislike of Tony's drinking, something warmed in Steve's chest when he saw Tony hug Tiberius. He smiled, the edge of his lips twitching up. Yes, Tony was drunk, but he was saying the right things and that had to count for
Pepper shrugged expansively.
," groaned Tony, looking at himself in the mirror.  The sweater Donner had knitted him was bright yellow and he looked like a fucking Easter egg crossed with a duckling.
"--you startled me," she said, unnecessarily, then smiled disarmingly.  "Good morning, Alphas."
"How long can we keep the Mark IV in the air?  I'll keep it under a hundred miles per hour."
"I stood up for him!" Steve insisted. "Now, if anything, they going to talk about how I kneel for Tony in public." Aria gave him a confused look. "It happened one. At the conference. It was an accident."
"It's not," Steve assured him. "And I'm guessing it's not yours either. It can't be fun to work for this."
Tony forced a smile back.  "You and me both, Stevie. ...this time, let's try to figure it out together, okay?  Instead of, y'know, creating an international incident." He scratched his beard again.  "I'm gonna go shave. I look awful." He paused. "I talked to Nick yesterday and he says Dad used to grope you a lot.  Is that true?"
Tony ignored him.
"I want to," said Tony immediately, instinctively.  He
Steve smiled weakly.  "I bet."
Tony blinked.  He'd had a flash of memory but he was positive he'd never been to the movies with Steve, nor even seen Steve in a street fight.  Also, how the hell could Steve pick a fight with someone twice his size?
Tony raised an eyebrow at this strange, unprofessional burst.  But he was preoccupied with the tinge of pain radiating from his chest.  He said nothing for the rest of the plane ride.  He couldn’t imagine Steve not feeling lucky.  Most people would kill to work for him.  And as for his comment… Tony was pretty sure he was just playing hard to get.  He was sure Steve would come around.  If not now, then during his next heat.  Tony took a small bit of vicious pleasure in knowing that he would deny him then; Tony tended to avoid omegas, unless they were on suppressants.
"...JARVIS, have you learned avoidance?"
just made him wet, made him tremble. "I never said I didn't like it," he murmured, breath hot against his Alpha's ear.
The man muttered something foul under his breath. No doubt something rude. Steve stepped around, edging towards Tony so he could deliver the all important suit to him. But then a whip hissed and lodged into the ground between him and Tony. Hm...awkward. Steve ducked out of the way as the man swung another whip at him, growling before he spun back around to aim another at Tony.  Steve dived out of the way of the blow with relative ease. The man was an Alpha, a strong, dominant one, too. He was
"Of course," Steve said, surprised at the offer and oddly flattered by it. It was clear Alphas like the ones at the conference didn't see him as a valid soldier, or didn't anymore, now that his true status has been revealed. Steve was aware that the army was still dominated by Alphas and it was nice to think military institutes wanted to hear from him. He looked down at the pages and blinked. "I can do patriotic." Steve smiled a little. "Believe it or not."
Tony's hackles rose.
Tony touched the skin gently, tracing the unfamiliar ridges in the skin.
"Cigar run, sir?" asked JARVIS.
Oh, God.  He'd just let the entire world know that he was bonded to Steve.  That Steve was the most important thing in the world to him.
. Yes, Steve was cold and shaky but he almost felt...happy about it? How confusing. It didn't make sense.
He cracked a joke.
He glanced sideways to see Clint perched in the rafters, looking bored as hell. One leg was swinging down idly.
"Thank you, really," Steve said softly and Banksy just nodded, like he understood. He did, Steve realised. An arranged bonding- his mother had fought tooth and nail to protect him from that. Even though the money would have sorted her out for life.
"Hey, it's like forty minutes to the airport from here. Maybe try and grab a rest?" Happy suggestively tentatively.
Natasha snorted.  "Does it kill you a little to admit that, Stark?" she asked.
Steve's body was arching under Tony, desperately, expectantly, raising his hips, an invitation.  It was like he was in heat or something. Tony's cock grazed the inside of Steve's thigh and came away slick; Steve was practically dripping.
, Aria texted back.
"No."
Maria sighed, quietly. "You know why, Steve..."
Tony's hair only bristled more when Steve's Brooklyn accent crept into his voice.  "...
Tony pointed into the crowd.  "Thank you, thank you!  ...who said that?  Oh, she's cute, hi there... thanks for coming, someone get her digits for me... okay, calm down, Stan, everyone, here's Stan, round of applause for Stan!"
"I can't.  It's government property now."
Steve hesitated at Tony's question. He could tell Tony the truth now, or he could wait, but he wasn't really sure he could lie or say it was nothing.  It wasn't nothing.
In the kitchen, he poured himself a cup and threw in a couple of shots of Drambouie, settling down onto a stool and pressing his forehead against the coolness of the marble, taking slow, shallow breaths to calm himself.
"Seriously?  What a loser."
Steve's eyes fluttered open. For a moment he thought he was back in the chair because of the metal grip around one of his wrists and the back of his neck but he soon realised that, no, he was in their bedroom and it was a mess and there was blood. He felt sick and he wasn't just shivering from the heat now. His blue eyes darted around wildly until he landed on the blurry shape of his Alpha. He didn't look hurt. Thank God. He looked like he was okay.
It was a repulsive idea but one that Tony suspected he might be able to manipulate.
Tony kicked off his shoes but left the rest of his clothes on.  He didn't need to be naked for this. Only Steve.
"So now Stark wants to do honorable thing, act noble?  Too late," sneered Vanko.
Steve stopped him by the door with a light touch to his arm, his expression almost...hesitant. His confidence was gone and now Steve seemed nervous, almost the same kind of nerves he'd had when him and Tony had tumbled around in bed together and he hadn't known what he was doing. "Hey," his words were soft. "I'm sorry you don't like what you see." And Steve meant it. He would never hide himself from Tony, it was warts and all between them, but that didn't mean he didn't regret upsetting him. Steve knew he could be...scary like this, that he wasn't what people expected.
Sitwell almost looked disappointed.
"So..." Steve rolled onto his front and crossed his arms underneath his head, looking up at Tony through his lashes as he stretched out like a cat might. "A nap?"
"I have to stay with Steve," said Tony, still clinging to Steve uninjured hand.  "He's my mate. Rhodey-"
Steve turned red.  "Yeah.  He's been with lots of girls.  But not omegas," he said, perhaps a tiny bit defensively.  "And it's not like he knows a damn thing about us.  Pretty sure his sex ed was equivalent to mine, actually" Steve pointed out as he settled back, his mind feeling fuzzy. They upped his dose about five times the average to make it work.
Steve sighed. Why did Tony have to bring this up now?
Tony knew all about Alphas who went feral if they thought their mate was threatened, but Tony was not pair-bonded to anyone and he was uncertain as to why he was acting like this.  Aftermath from the concussion, maybe?
"Okay Clint, I'll let you know as soon as we're on our way back. Promise."
"Mmmm..." Steve's eyes slipped shut and sleep tugged at his bones almost immediately. "Tony..."
He switched hands, jabbing it into his finger and wincing.
Pepper's head snapped up suddenly as if she's just remembered something.  "Steve," she said. "I have something I need to talk to you about. In private."  The photo and the dogtags were weighing heavy in her pocket. She'd been carrying them around, unsure of what to do.  Now that Steve was out of heat and it didn't seem like Bucky was invading his head anymore, she needed to give them back to their rightful owner.
He stared at her; he felt numb.  She offered him a cup of water; he took it and drank.
"--since Stark's hearing last week?" asked Christine.
He had no idea what Sam did, other than he was some sort of pilot.  He knew Natasha was all about stealth. He'd seen her and Steve spar before, both of them lightning-fast, her body moving and twisting in impossible ways.
didn't put him in there," said Rhodey, firmly.  "I'll do it. Okay? Just send me the details."
" he growled, holding the other.
"They don't seem to have guns," Tiberius pointed out, trying to sound positive.
Which was fine because actually, Tony was very, very, very busy.  Far too busy for Steve.  Frankly he'd already wasted a ton of time; he had notes to take on the particle accelerator he'd built, which was currently rusting away in the shop.
With that he pulled away to return to Tony's side, fingers brushing against his Alpha's on instinct. He resisted the urge to lean down and kiss him. "You ready to go?" Steve asked softly and took his hand properly. The look Tony gave him was answer enough.
"Okay, JARVIS.  How does one go about setting a web for a spider?" mused Tony.
"Our first year together," Steve repeated softly, letting their foreheads lean together for a brief moment.
He held out a cigarette.  The soldier took it gratefully and let Karpov light it for him.  Karpov lit one of his own before sitting down next to him. They were 727s, a North Korean brand, and their taste was sharp and bitter.  He had a memory of a carton of Lucky Strikes, rolled up into his sleeve. He always leaned out the window to smoke, no matter how cold it was, because the smoke made Steve cough.
"We didn't have anywhere to stay.  The rockets, they took out our whole block."
Bucky was easy to find.  His mind was cracked open, suggestible, pliable.  His thoughts were simplistic and linear, predictable, steady.  Wanda was a beta but she had hijacked plenty of Alpha and omega minds.  She, perhaps better than any beta in history, knew how they perceived the world.  She slowly peeled away the layers, her own thoughts lighting on his, fleeting, never landing, skimming through the intricate mindscape of thoughts, memories, emotions, and perceptions.
wants to speak to you, immediately, about how to proceed," a woman rushed up to his side, holding a phone out to Karpov. Steve watched curiously. Obviously they didn't want to know who it was. Did that mean he knew him or that they just decided to retain a level of secrecy? Were they actually afraid of Steve escaping, or not?
Everyone seemed in a good mood.  Aria and Tiberius seemed a lot more concerned with Steve's well-being;  Pepper just seemed thrilled Tony hadn't put his foot in his mouth. She handed him back his phone and a double scotch, neat, and Tony sank into the background to enjoy it.
"I don't think he's gonna be capable of running when his mate goes into heat. Sure, your metabolism will burn through it. But I only need ten minutes. Then I'm out of here."
Tiberius disappeared like a ghost; Tony had already gone between Steve's legs and was sucking on his dick, licking at him eagerly, one hand moving the toy inside of him.
," said Tony, nodding.
"Are you making a joke?"
. It was heart-warming to see, even if Steve knew who very few of them were.  He set the tablet down and then grabbed a dressing gown (Tony had far too many as it was) before he went downstairs. The clothes JARVIS had sent for arrived.  He still didn't know how the AI knew his size or what to order but he wouldn't question it. Steve wasn't sure he'd ever get used to have so many menial things done for him, however.
"Wear flip-flops for all I care, just put on a tie!" she yelled back.  A moment later, she added, "
He gave Steve a quick kiss and then jogged down the steps to the garage, closing the door behind him.
Steve frowned. "JARVIS? Are the lights not working?"
"Well, no one made you paint it bright red, Santa."
for omegas," said Pierce.  "We ought to get together and talk sometime about that."
Steve obliged him. Donner more clung to him than hugged him, as if he were afraid he might not stay standing without the support. He gripped Steve's shirt in tight fists and leaned his head against his chest, Steve's chin tucked just atop of his. He ran a soothing hand down his back. Donner sucked in a ragged breath. "It's gonna be okay," Steve whispered. "We're gonna be okay."
He settled down onto the bed next to Steve, content to lose himself in the mind-numbing viewing of the television.  Thinking about real life was just too hard at the moment. The mark on the back of Steve's neck and all the fucking press it would generate... plus all of the lousy senate hearings and shit they would have to go to over the next month or two...
On the second attempt he managed to grab it.
"I don't know, Barton.  Life changes when you have kids.  I mean, obviously, we don't know..." said Tony.  Clint was silent, not quite willing to trust Tony yet with what Steve already knew.  "...I just feel like I'd suck at it," said Tony.
There was a poster on one of the walls. It has CAPTAIN AMERICA: AMERICAN HERO written across the bottom in bold letters and a silly drawing of a soldier-looking type in the middle. He probably wasn't even real. They made up anything for war propaganda these days. The war was still on... wasn't it? Steve frowned again and shrugged the thought away. What a silly thing to ponder.  Yeah, of course it was.
"...yeah," said Tony uncomfortably.  He took the program from Steve. He had a few places he wanted to check out, including the hall with all the vendors and sponsors.  Tony wasn't going to do business with anyone who supported this bullshit; he was going to draw up a list and fire everyone he could from Stark, Industries.  "...see you in an hour or two, Steve." He nuzzled Steve's ear and let go of his hand, hoping Steve wouldn't feel too bored or trapped.
"She can handle it," said Tony with a casual wave.  He pulled the sheet up a little more, settling back against his pillow, arm around Steve.  "Nat, do me a solid and go get me a cup of coffee, will you?  And throw a few shots of bourbon in it."
. Drives me up the wall sometimes," continued Irshad. Steve got a feeling she was asked that question a lot. Irshad wasn't mated though, or married (no wedding ring). She seemed like a free spirit, someone who didn't want to be tied down by anything.
"Hm?  Oh, yes.  Although since Steve, he really seems to have mellowed out.  I'm happy for them. I really do hope it works out... I never thought Tony could be this
"We're under strict confidentiality orders from the WSC," clarified Rumlow.  "As a representative of the government, they have a vested interest in making sure your public image doesn't get too smeared.  Now relax. Doesn't that feel nice? Just enjoy the drive. We'll be there soon."
"Can't you just... tell him to back off?  Reject him? Pepper said you get to choose.  Right? That's the whole rage nowadays, omegas choosing their mates.  Can't you... mentally... just say no?
"Okay," Steve said softly. A shiver ran down his spine. The thought of Tony putting it on for him...it was appealing, he couldn't deny it. Maybe if he made it clear to Tony that, in his own way, Steve enjoyed this too...then the Alpha would feel less bad about it, even though there was no real need to. Steve enjoyed being submissive for Tony and this was about as submissive as it dammed got.
"...to another omega.  I doubt either of them would have considered it weird, especially for that generation," said Pepper casually.
He'd felt a small twinge of annoyance at the mention of Sam.  Another Alpha.  One who could fly.  Flying was Tony's gimmick.  Tony hadn't met Sam but he had an inkling that Sam was probably one of those incredibly dominant Alphas, like Natasha.  Military men often were.  Tony had never felt intimidated before by more dominant Alphas, but suddenly he felt hyper-aware of the ingrained social hierarchy and, worse, aware that he wasn't especially dominant himself.  He couldn't help but envy Sam for having more in common with Steve (after all, they were both military men) and for knowing Steve before him.
okay to avoid them.  ...go home to your omega."
There had been a lot of coffee
The scientists frowned.
"--what baby?  And what the hell is wrong with you?"
His first instinct, to push Steve down and stand over him protectively, was throbbing through him.  He wanted to tear someone's head off.
He turned to grab the nearest omega for another cup of coffee and accidentally grabbed Irshad.
"That's Steve's style," said Clint.  "Where is he?"
"If I was good I would be enough. Don't you understand that I'm sorry? Don't you
"What do you mean, a night?
The asset hesitated.  No. It did not know its name, and he felt like if he misspoke, there would be dire consequences.  "...Карпов...?" The asset had no name, only a designation: WS-1.  As far as names went, he knew only two. His omega and his handler. He was his handler's; surely at least they shared a last name, Karpov.  His name was Something Karpov.
"No, Tony.  Diplomacy first.  No more of this ready, fire, aim stuff you do."
Tony's eyes snapped opened immediately.  His movements were fluid and instantaneously; he grabbed Steve's hips and pulled him into the bed, and rolled onto his back to position himself.
dead," conceded Natasha.  "They never recovered the body.  He could be alive somewhere, maybe.  Steve can't feel him and it's been seventy years.  If he's alive, he must be compromised.  In a coma, maybe."
Tony put his hands on the globes of Steve's ass, kneading the firm skin.  He spread Steve's cheeks and leaned in to lick a stripe up Steve's backside.  Steve's whole body clenched and Tony heard a whine, but Steve didn't move position.  Tony settled in and closed his eyes, lapping at Steve's entrance, stroking his hole with his tongue, tasting the first hints of arousal.
Within twenty minutes he was showered and boarding the jet, setting the coordinates before he began preparations for setting off. Steve was dressed in jeans and a hoodie, nothing special. He'd left Tony a note on the bedside, just so he didn't worry. He honestly couldn't wait to see his friends again; Steve had missed them more than he could express.
is wrong with you?" he demanded as Tony's suit climbed it its feet.  The pine cone bounced off the armor uselessly.
Steve felt a little sick.  He needed some air.
Sam laughed again, more out of relief that Tony was coming around than anything.
Phil was silent.
Steve towelled his hair dry and then reached for his phone, scrolling through his contacts until he found him.
This statement was greeted with another long silence.
"Oooh we didn't talk about it.  No we didn't. I didn't have proper heats, anyway. Only lasted a few days."
idea," she hummed, sucking the straw of her gin and tonic into her mouth.
It was Steve's turn to laugh. He smiled against the Alpha's ear, teeth almost teasing. "Do you really believe everything history tells you?" he murmured. And then Steve trailed his hand down, found a pressure point. He pressed down and the Alpha grunted in agony.
you're willing to hurt me even
, Tony."
"Do something!  Do something!  They're going to kill each other!" yelled Pepper.  But no one tried to interfere; sticking a hand into an Alpha fight was as dangerous as sticking a hand into a dogfight.  Steve had once watched Bucky get into one and he'd had to have a hose turned on him.
"They pay a lot," floppy brown hair finally spoke up. "But no. It's not."
"We're glad to have you here, Tony.  Today, I think Steph wanted to talk a bit about some work troubles she and Trevor were going through... before we start, does anyone have any new business to get off their chest?"
Sitwell cast a longing look over at his notebook, clearly wanting to record this information, but he was still patting the bandage on Steve's neck into place.
"Yes.  ...of course, I know you were busy... running Stark Industries,” said Stone, voice dripping with annoyance.
"I think it's cool, you're a player, man, I respect that--" said Trey.
"  Tony was lost.  Was she saying she'd had an arvicolinectomy, like Ty?  She didn't smell weird like Ty. She mostly smelled like vanilla and cinnamon and Tony would have gladly taken her to bed if he wasn't with Steve.  Cartier had picked a damned good rep and even though it was manipulative of them, Tony couldn't help but admire that sort of business-oriented attitude.
Pepper shoved her foot into the door so he couldn't close it on her.  "Your mate is upstairs hurt and scared, and you're down here hiding like a
"я Карпова," he replied, grabbing for his throat.  If he could just break an arm or crush a few ribs, he was sure this one would stop moving around so much and he could take out--
"...what you said to Stark in there.  That was brutal," said Sam once they were alone.
"Why not?  It's Steve's apology, not mine," said Tony, not moving to take it off.
"Did we get omegas all their rights back yet, or do we have to keep attending this conference?" asked Tony blearily, sniffing tentatively at the coffee.  "...can you carry me into the living room?" he asked plaintively, clinging to the sheets around him with one hand and reaching for Steve with the other. Tony had no intention of going downstairs to the convention any time before noon.  He wanted to pick at some breakfast, shower, and maybe nap some more. God, he'd really gone through the wringer...
Tony didn't speak Greek and he had no idea what it meant, but its meaning was clear enough to him.  Months later, he had visited Gulmira, Yinsen's home village, and he'd seen the burning homes, the fleeing locals, and his own name- STARK, STARK, STARK- printed on all the weapons that were being used to burn it to the ground.  In that moment, he'd truly appreciated Yinsen's character.  Because he realized that he, in Yinsen's eyes, was probably no better than that young soldier who had threatened to shoot them and later fallen asleep crying in Yinsen's arms.
"Tony!  Here!" Sam gestured.  Tony pushed back his faceplate and examined the discreet grey box on the wall.  "...is that what you want?" asked Sam.
Of course, Tony didn't have the words to express any of that.  It was just a feeling.  Words didn't really seem important, for once.  Normally Tony was a babbling, rambling mess.  But now, his attention had shifted from the verbal to the physical.  Every kiss of Steve's neck was worth millions of useless, worthless words.  Words seems pointless.  What they were doing now, holding each other, snuggling up in the bed, seemed vastly more efficient.  It communicated a promise that words would have cheapened.  Tony was over words.  He was a man of action.  He was tuned completely to Steve, wanting Steve to give him permission or even a command.  If Steve only told him what to do, Tony would do it and Steve would be so, so impressed with him, so blown away by Tony's prowess, that he'd accept Tony was, by and far, the best, most capable Alpha, and then Tony would rest easy knowing that he didn't have to prove himself anymore, and would have a lot less heads to rip off.
"You feel sick because you're an alcoholic," said Pepper, crossing her arms.
Particularly when the fucking king greeted him first.
"There's actually five restaurants in a ten-mile radius," said Pepper.  "Spruzzo, Coral Beach, Kristy's, Paradise Cove, and The Sunset."
"I gave you extra sausages and bacon and eggs...and everything," Aria told Steve as she pushed a plate towards him with a tired smile. "You certainly look better. Both of you. Oh! Pills."
"I'm not hot wiring a bike.  Bikes are very easy to track," said Bucky sulkily.  Didn't Steve know anything?
"There was a thief in Tony's bedroom!" Maria exclaimed.
"Steve.  Promise me not to do anything reckless.  That's all I ask.  If a person gets into your head... they can do a lot of damage," said Natasha softly.  But she let him go.  Natasha knew that, in Steve's position, she would probably not want to tell anyone, either.  She followed him to the bar, where Tony was regaling Sam with tales from the last week.
"You're-- holy shit, Clint, you're buff!  You're all-- all-- badass-looking now!
From what he'd gathered regarding the auction, the average selling price for an omega went from two to five hundred grand.  With roughly twenty people, that would mean he'd need ten million to buy them all. There was no way he had that sort of liquidity just sitting around.
But he trusted Karpov and Karpov's medicine made him feel warm and happy and made his sleep easy.
Pepper's eyes crinkled in a smile.  "You know how to treat a girl," she said, accepting the wine.  "Thanks, Aria... you ought to teach Tony a thing or two about romance.  But if you want to kill him, you'll have to get in line."
"It's a fucking dirty trick," said Tony after a moment.  "I read some of Frond's book. It's good. But... dangerous."  He scooted closer to Steve and rested his head on Steve's shoulder.  "I don't want to be an Alpha like Frond."
Tony had made the three appointments to the jewelers alone.  He had dismissed Bulgari immediately after arriving and being told by a pleased Alpha that it was "about time" that he began "teaching that omega his place."  He hadn't liked any of the collars from Yurman or Hermès, going back to Cartier in the end and custom ordering a collar. He got a lot of raised eyebrows when he demanded it be finished within the week, and even more raised eyebrows when he ordered two collars in two different sizes.
Kerry wasn't bonded to anyone but almost all the omegas in the room were. It was hard to ignore.
"Okay then, what's put you in this good mood?"
Curled up in the bath together, they both dozed off into a gentle sleep. When Steve woke the water was getting cold and Tony was soft inside of him, his knot having gone down. Slowly, he pulled off and Tony stirred beneath him but didn't wake. Quietly Steve went to grab towels. He tired one around his waist and then picked Tony up before wrapping the second towel around him. His swollen ankle was looking better from the long soak in the warm bath.
"You don't need a three piece suit with a tie, but it won't hurt to look smart.  Business casual, I'd suggest."
Tony pulled up the news on the screen in front of him and began scrolling, sweeping downward with his hand.  There was a picture of several grinning people with the Washington monument in the background, all wearing matching pins.  Tony squinted.  The pins looked like Steve's shield and looked like they might have had text, but he couldn't read it.
He was sitting on his cot, waiting, when Karpov walked in.
"Yes."
"Tony..." His name came out breathlessly. Steve groaned quietly. "Please..." He whispered even though he wasn't entirely sure what he was asking for.
you?"
than anything meaningful or sensuous.
"He loves me.  Admit it."
Steve pressed his lips together in a thin line. "Natasha did say that... that when they found me... he was going to..." He didn't finish that sentence, closing his eyes again as he swallowed down a lump in his throat. It hurt that he couldn't even remember it. Maybe Natasha had misread the situation; maybe he hadn't been going to... because Bucky wouldn't have...
"Pepper, you gotta save me, there's some Morgans here."
"You seriously look like you're going to kill me; should I just dial 911 right now?  ...look, I didn't know you felt like that, I... yeah, obviously, I like Pepper, but it doesn't matter. Man, she's not even talking to me right now, and... and I mean, she has things you don't have- at least two things. I'm talking about breasts- am I supposed to give that up because-- I mean, it doesn't matter, Steve, I'm not with her, I'm not with anyone, I don't know how you feel about stuff, okay, I haven't exactly gotten to know you, yet... I mean, carnally, obviously, yes, physically, but not, like, your
Tony cast a look at Steve.  Tony had a strict policy against getting chummy with locals.  Also, he was starting to notice that Steve's life was packed full with other Alphas that Steve seemed pretty friendly with.  There was Natasha and Sam (who Tony still hadn't met but imagined like a male version of Natasha, complete with sexy Russian accent) and now Kate-the-nurse-from-down-the-hall.  It made sense, of course; there were lots of Alphas in Steve's line of work.  Nonetheless, it put Tony on guard.  Or maybe he just still felt self-conscious because they had only bonded so recently, and also only recently gotten over their first fight.
"You know him?"
"Tony, the guy's a century old.  Rebonding isn't shameful. C'mon, his old mate's dead."
Steve frowned. "What do you mean?"
"I used to start fights with Alphas who said shit on the street all the time. I was a menace. And when Bucky ignored me it just made me play out more. I would try to go to bars because he didn't want me drinking, worried about my health and all that...but I was curious and bored. I got drunk once. He was so mad at me. It was stuff like that.  ...omegas weren't even really s'posed to drink in my century.  It was considered... you know, immodest."
"Where are we gonna go for lunch?" Steve asked Tony curiously, head tilted. "Apparently food is much better now but I've never really experienced more than a takeaway. As much as I love spending time with Clint, he's not the most cultured of people."
"Make me!" said Tony, suppressing a giggle.
Steve was obviously uncomfortable at the idea. He didn't like it. He felt bad for DeSoto and he felt bad for Tony for having to do it- he knew the other wouldn't enjoy it. He sighed and looked away, running a hand over his face. Did this make them as bad as the alphas here? Steve didn't think so, but that didn't mean it sat well with him either. He finally looked back up at Tony, his expression a trusting one.
he thought glibly.  In the distance, he could hear a heart monitor.
Steve opened the program. "The auction isn't until tomorrow night, least there's that... but there's dinners tonight. I'm not gonna be put on some omega table, am I? I might die from boredom. It's like they don't even have
Bucky tore down the hall, cradling Steve in his arms; one of the guards was pulling out a gun, but the other one elbowed him, hard.
They marched him down the beach.  He followed because he didn't really know where else to go and also because the dog was following him and he didn't want it to bark or chase him if he ran away.
All that mattered is that they were together.  They'd found each other again.
He reached down and, wincing, worked his knot out of Steve, both of them hissing a little at the tightness.
Steve was physically shaking. He stared at Tony, choking on the floor and bent over and he couldn't move to go help him. He felt frozen and his cheek felt too cold. Tony's voice hadn't even sounded like his own- he almost felt angry. The winter soldier, Bucky...whatever. He was fucking with their bond. He'd already screwed Steve over before. And now he was doing it again. How goddamn
Tony grabbed the stick from Steve and looked at it; he hadn't realized how much he'd tensed up over the course of a few minutes.
He walked back into the room with as much cheery confidence as he could muster.  "I told them I am perfectly happy with my long-distance surface," he informed Natasha calmly, dropping onto the sofa next to Steve and reaching for his hands again.
"I think it's time we make a move."
Aria stared at the floor, swallowing. "But... but no one
Steve was lying on the floor, eyes glazed, shivering.
"...aaaand there's Bethany with the ice-cold take-down," said Tony.
"What are you talking about?" asked Tony teasingly, sidling up beside Steve.  He was still in sweatpants. "I love the fluffy duckling look. That's what you're going for, right?"  He wrapped his arms around Steve and gave his shoulder a gentle bite, not enough to mess up his clothes but enough for Steve to feel the pressure.
He walked back into the kitchen to find Steve running his head under the sink, clearing overheating.  In the living room, several people were arguing over where to put the lighting.
They'd found a good rhythm leaving together after another week. They moved together well. Steve went to brush his teeth then moisturize his face (something he'd learned from Pepper.)
Tony looked at Steve, feeling a bit defensive.  "Yeah.  Sure.  Of course I can handle this, it's just a simulation, right?" he said breezily.  Years of feigning confidence in everything had made it second nature.  "Let's just get it over with, seriously, I wan to hurry up so I can go get a drink."
Natasha flashed the tiniest hint of a smile.  Steve hadn't asked, but she and Barton had been together a long time; clearly, the circumstances leading up to their bonding were ancient history.  They rarely mentioned being bonded at work, except around people like Steve and Coulson.  It was a bit odd seeing her buddy up to Fury.  Perhaps that was her way of encouraging him for being kind to Steve, especially considering Steve's recent foray into politics that didn't involve SHIELD.
"I think you're very cool, you know," she told him as Lydia reluctantly opened the door for them to head back out to the elevator. "I like that you just do what you want. Damn the consequences. You do you." And Steve felt weirdly better about her wearing a collar then. Kitty was obviously wearing it because she
can I take the hat off?" asked Boswell with exasperation.
"And then I woke up. Tony thought I was trying to kill him and he made a suit hold me down for about an hour."
From Rhodey's perspective, it was a little different.  True, Tony was no longer catatonic.  But unlike Pepper, as an Alpha, Rhodey could sense a lot more of Tony's general emotional state by his pheromones, and Tony was still on edge, nervous, over-protective.  He hadn't moved to get off of Steve and Rhodey doubted he would until he'd left the room.  Going out with Steve seemed like a recipe for disaster; having had their bond threatened, Tony was at a high risk of aggression.  But he didn't want to undermine Pepper.  Besides, if Pepper was at the Expo too, if she was there to keep an eye on him... she'd been keeping him in check for a decade.  What was the worst that could happen?
"Alphas will be Alphas.  They like showing off," said Fred with a patronizing smile.
, you know? Like sometimes I get phone calls from Steve, Pep-" Aria shook her head. "Conversations
Bucky stared at her in confusion, cocking his head.  "But if you
"It wasn't just because of Tony."
that nickname. I still remember when you smacked my ass on the plane and it took every bone in my body to not turn around and tell you who I really was," Steve said, remembering it almost fondly now. Yes, Tony had been ignorant, but so had Steve. He'd barely understood the century he was living in. If Pepper hadn't been constantly working she probably would have noticed how inept Steve was when it came to stuff like Twitter and Instagram.
"...well.  Good morning, Patch Adams," said Tony, sarcasm bubbling to the surface before he even had time to comprehend what was going on.  "This is
"I gave him enough to knock out a horse," he muttered.
He put his arms around Steve's waist from behind and nuzzled his back, the collar still in his hands.  "You want a break?" he asked softly.
Steve's fingers threaded into Tony's hair gently as he rolled his hips into him. He gasped softly and then let out a strangled noise of pleasure as Tony thrust inside in a particularly firm snap of his hips. "You- you feel good...
He set his cheek on top of Steve's head, trying his best not to accidentally touch the back of Steve's neck, and closed his eyes, falling back into a deep sleep, his arms around his mate.
"Huh?  No. No, he didn't."
"Excuse me." Jarvis clipped and he was walking over to the telephone, the moment suddenly over. Steve's heart was in his throat.
Steve was standing, hands clenched by his sides. He was shaking with both fury and probably a dull sense of fatigue; the infection was gone but his injuries weren't.
"Man, look at this dude... you see, this is what I mean, man, they say
"You mean James Buchanan Barnes of the 107th Infantry Regiment and the Howling Commandos?"
"You already
"How's your wrist?" she asked as she patted Steve's cheek, trying to wake him up. Steve's eyes fluttered but he didn't really
Steve trailed his nose along the edge of Tony's jaw and then to his ear. "I can't stop thinking about you around twenty-four seven." He admitted in a murmur. "I think about how your hands feel on my waist, how hot breath your feels against my neck when you're inside me. I think about you
"They weren't allowed internet!" repeated Tony, sounding aghast.  "Oh, and I already talked to the lead medic about Tr
He was lucky to have been born an Alpha.  Even a low-dominance one.
With some directions from Tony, Steve got them to the restaurant.  It was more or less due south; the ocean was on their right and it was a magnificent sight.  The restaurant was right on the coast and offered a spectacular view of it. They didn't have reservations, but considering who they were, they didn't really need any.  They slipped into the parking lot of a small Italian place.  Tony got out and watched as Steve fumbled with the fob to lock the car.  Steve might never be completely at home in this century, but he was learning.
Also, a shield would hardly be very subtle.
"--welcome to... the future."
"G'night, Rogers.  I love you."
Tony stared at her, dumbstruck.  Who the fuck cared where the chopper was or wasn't?  He took a second shot; she deflected it.
"Is your ankle broken?"
"Are you actually any good at snowball fights, Steve?" Clint asked teasingly  and Steve cocked a brow at him.
and all of the kids, but it's not too far."
"Yemen?" repeated the girl curiously.
The Alpha in him, instinctually, wanted to protect Steve.  Wanted to lock him up and guard him and never let him out. But it was the twenty-first century and Steve was a person, not some toy poodle, and Tony knew, logically, he had to let the guy go.
Even though it was the middle of the night, Tony had just slept for sixteen hours and he felt completely recharged.
"Bonding is a distraction from the cause," said the asset.
"Can you ask her if she can do tomorrow?" Steve asked, not really feeling like seeing anyone but Tony today. The thought made his stomach turn.
"--ized."
James, I'm in the bath!"
He sighed and smiled down at Tony fondly. Steve kissed his forehead noisily. "There you go. There's your kiss. Now are you gonna go work, or try and sleep? Or... throw up again?"
Tony woke in his bed, not sure how he'd gotten there or for how long he'd been sleeping.  Groggily, he rolled over to reach for Steve, but Steve's spot was empty. He checked the bedstand automatically.  Sure enough, there was one of Steve's curt little love notes.
the guy was strong.  There was something hilarious about Steve, an omega, carrying Tony, an Alpha, and Tony found himself giggling hysterically as Steve marched him up the stairs, clinging to Steve's shirt and laughing into his chest, huffing his scent happily.
Sitwell grimaced. "I don't like raisins."
The docent gave him an indulgent smile.  "It's not something we regulate in private.  It's simply illegal to buy or wear one in public."
He picked it up and threw it to make the dog go away.  The dog did, but it returned again with the ball.  He threw it harder, and farther, but the dog brought it back once more.  He put the ball in his pocket.  The dog bowed and bounced around with excitement, then barked.  He quickly threw the ball, not wanting the dog to bark and bring attention to him.
He hadn't known whether or not Steve would appreciate the gesture.  He knew lots of pair-bonds who wore bands; Banksy and Boswell, for example, had matching ones.  But if there was one thing he'd learned over the last year it was that a lot of things had oppressive connotations and he hadn't wanted to accidentally insult Steve.  He'd even consulted with Pepper before getting the bands, just to make sure.
"No," he murmured. "Kinda scary," Steve admitted. "The thought of having an off switch, or something like that. Can you imagine how screwed up it must be when she uses that on them if they '
is your typical mating position, what the kids call doggy style-- this couple looks pretty happy, don't they?-- and this actually has the
Steve burst into the canteen and headed straight towards the kitchens at the back. No doubt, they were preparing breakfast.
"Hey, Eddie, Pete, good to see you, here's the Captain himself, this is my girl Patty, someone get me a scotch, I'm starving..." one of the Alphas was saying, shaking hands furiously with the other men.
Steve smiled, warmed by Happy's sense of humor. "That was exactly what I was going for."
"I'm not kidding.  Steve has delicate sensibilities and he likes having his privacy respected."
Tony flipped his screen to check the camera by the front door.  Sure enough, someone was delivering more flowers.
He crouched on the other end of the garage and held up the garbage can lid, planting his feet firmly.  Best case scenario was that the gauntlet would fly over when he tripped the sleeve he was wearing.  Worst case scenario is that it would blow up.  Only one way to really know for sure.
"...last year, after I got back from... overseas... I went back to a place called Gulmira... I went back to get revenge," said Tony, talking to his cup of coffee.
Steve blinked, pulling himself together.
He looked around the room.  Lots of people.  Lots of white and chrome.  Someone was moving his head for him, pulling out wires.  He felt the first twinge of panic.
you want it, Steve, and maybe you do, but-- but I don't think you want it from
"Jazz.  Taylor Swift."
"Yes, sir," said Tony's phone.
, because a part of him wanted to say yes. Because this woman was stunning and confident and actually talking to him and touching him how he wished Tony would, instead of cozying up with old flames... he definitely felt a rush of arousal as Brooke pressed closer and he could feel her chest pushing against his own and Steve-- Steve screwed his eyes shut and felt his vision swim and he wished he hadn't had the fifth drink. When did he even finish that drink? He didn't know. But he apparently had.
Steve moved to stand shakily, not letting Bucky help him with his bad ankle. He did not want pity. He did not want charity.
"He won't," said Tony morosely.
Steve swallowed again. Jesus Christ. He felt like he was going to be sick. For a second he stared at the ground, almost expecting sick to appear. Wait. No. He hadn't been sick. He just felt sick. God. He blinked hard and rubbed at his temple.
owe me some explanations."
"Yeah, so what?  Aren't most hernias in your groin?  That's why they make you turn your head and cough, isn't it?"
A mixture of emotions flashed across Tony's face.  For a moment, his expression crumbled and it seemed inevitable he was going to start sobbing.  But then his face went blank again and he flopped back down onto the couch, even though it was soaked in liquor, staring at the ceiling.
"Borrowed time... I get that," said Tony with a small smile.  He took Steve's hand and guided it to his arc reactor.  Tony had felt like he was living on borrowed time ever since he woke up from a bomb blast hooked up to a car battery.  Sometimes, randomly, it struck him all over again how lucky he was to be alive.  No, not lucky.  Tony didn't believe in luck.  But his almost-death had certainly shaped his entire future and Tony was often hit with a sense of uncanniness, knowing how close he had come to the brink, how delicate his mortality was.
to notice it and yet... nothing else about T'Challa seemed especially dominant. He wasn't like that man from the Conference (Steve could not even remember his name), who'd had an incredibly loud and obnoxious voice. Steve hadn't liked him.  No, T'Challa's dominance was a quiet sort of thing.  A panther coiled, waiting, and ready to pounce.
Well it was certainly a positive response. Positive almost to the point of aggression. The crowd was manic and excitable and it seemed Tony knew just how to work them. Steve didn't. The last term he'd been in front of a crowd this big was... er... never?  Tony had not warned him that the main stage was open to the main grounds of the Expo and had television screens all along the top of it, essentially broadcasting themselves to every last person in Flushing Meadows.
"End of the week," Pepper said and put her hands on her hips. Steve though about all the effort it must have taken just to make those binders and his heart swelled with gratitude. They really needed to buy Aria and Pepper a holiday. In fact, maybe they would like that. They were good friends; they'd enjoy a break together.
"It's
"Tony...you gotta-- you gotta do something. I can't just cum like this." Normally the feeling of Tony coming undone inside of him would be enough. But it had only been twenty minutes or since Steve last came and his body certainly needed more encouragement the second time around. He ran a hand down Tony's arm, not sure if he should do it himself or wait for his Alpha to come around.
He didn't know what most of Steve's political stances were.  Did Steve know his?  Truthfully, they didn't know each other well.  They both knew what they had read.  But Tony's knowledge of Captain America wasn't any good; after all, the government had failed to mention that he was an omega; clearly, they had whitewashed Captain America's figure for propaganda purposes.  And whatever Steve had read about Tony, well... Tony kept secrets.  A lot of them.  He was a method actor; he put on a mask every time he went out in public, because people expected him to be a certain way and he didn't dare show them otherwise.
, thought Tony lovingly.
His brain was offline completely, and it was a wonder he could remember any words at all; most of the ones coming out of his mouth were gasps of Steve's name and pleas for more, because all he cared about, in the moment, was pleasuring his omega, filling him,
He was vulnerable.
"You were incredible out there, Captain!" Happy beamed as they got in. Steve smiled back.
"...I know.  I can feel it.  But why?  I told him yesterday I was coming back.  Does he thinks I got back with him, or something?"
Steve was murmuring against his head and Tony couldn't stand it anymore.
And the moment Steve had outgrown that he had abandoned his mate.  He felt plagued by guilt but didn't know if there was anything he could do to fix it.
He kept saying it like that would make it true. It wouldn't. Steve was very aware of that.
Fuck.  Tony had walked right into that one.
Jarvis smiled at him.  "When I was your age,
want it repeated.  If you understand, then we can pretend this never happened and let it go, okay?  But Tony, Steve deserves better than that. He's a friend to me, as much as you are, and I'm not going to sit idly by and watch you break his heart because you think you can get away with it."
When Tony rolled onto his side and put an arm around Steve, he was all too aware of the tense muscles and wiry sinew under him.
Tony appeared, still sipping his cocktail from the orange juice carton, robe still undone.  "Hey, but... we're still gonna get the ankle thingies off soon, right? It's starting to chafe."  He gave his leg a shake.
They weaved through and found a sofa in a quieter corner of the room, but just as they sat down, someone approached them.
He blinked rapidly, embarrassed.  Surely his body would get its shit together eventually, stop reacting so strangely.
It was probably at least another twenty minutes until he heard Tony coming upstairs. Steve pushed himself up onto his elbows. The omelette looked a liquid-y and the bacon a little burned on the sides. But Tony had made it and that was what counted.
"So you're assuming that the serum causes changes on a genetic level?  That it could even be passed on to his offspring? We don't know that," said the first.  "That damned Liebmann took nearly four pints from the asset, so it's not like we'll be able to test him again anytime soon."
Steve would never demand a retreat... unless he had a
"Please, can we get to bed? I'm tired and I can feel how tired you are. Tomorrow won't be better. We should sleep.  Please.  I'm so tired," Steve murmured, sounding more himself than he had since this heat had started.
Fuck.
Steve winced when he realised the answer. "Tony...sort of. It's complicated."
Steve suddenly felt like a school boy being scolded by his teacher.
"Donner's not here right now," said Tony quickly.
Coulson ignored him.  "We also didn't insert Barnes into the program.  Both of those must have come from you.  If HYDRA has found some way to exploit your bond, then what we have on our hands is a major security breach.  And if the Winter Soldier is interested in you, for whatever reason, you are in terrible danger, Captain. And I think what you just saw proves that fact."
Tony released Steve and offered him a hand up.  "...how's the... the thing with the kids going? Which ones are we gonna try to save?  Don't say 'all of them,' because I tried to get ten million dollars and Pepper said it was a no-go."
"Colonel Karpov--  please--"
Steve had his heart in his throat.
Neither he nor Tony had been in the house for so long...it was weird to step inside. Steve saw his shield leaning against the arms of one of the sofas and swallowed. Would he ever have use for it again? Or would it just going to sit there, and collect dust?
Tony flipped a switch on his forearm and waited.  Nothing happened.
Steve was in his running gear and had been about to leave when Tony stepped into the bedroom. He sighed at the sight and then looked down with a frown, taking Tony's wrist and lifting his hand up for inspection. "You should have woken me up," he said, as it was blatantly obvious that Tony had gone to a doctor. He certainly hadn't set his fingers like that by himself. Steve could have driven him somewhere, if nothing more.
Tony felt very slightly mad with power.  Steve Rogers, reduced to a quivering, putty-like mess beneath him: no one had ever gotten  o see this side of Captain America and Tony was delighted with it.
"So... we can't go outside the States," said Tony.
It was hard not to be excited by their presence. They practically radiated the fierce, stubborn attitude that Steve treasured, and he couldn't help but be thrilled. Whilst he was sure this sort of thing, or something similar to it, must have existed in Wakanda in the forties...in America, this would have been unimaginable. And it still kinda was. Omegas weren't typically allowed into the army, and even if they were allowed in as doctors or cooks they certainly weren't allowed near the front lines. But these omega women looked terrific and deadly and strong. Steve could see the soldier in their stances and he liked to think they could see it in his too. He even met one woman's gaze and he was pretty sure she smiled at him. It was hard for Steve not to grin back.
He set his plate on the coffee table and snuggled up to Steve comfortingly.  He reached up and began stroking Steve's hair absent-mindedly.  "You wanna watch the news?  I'm guessing you're their new favorite celebrity trainwreck.  ...there's gonna be assholes, Steve.  You know there's gonna be assholes.  But you gotta do what you gotta do."  He let his arm fall over Steve's shoulders and he pulled Steve's body against him, tugging the blankets around them.
"PEPPER, CAN YOU GET ME A BLANKET?  I'M FREEZING MY ASS OFF!" yelled Tony.
"Let's not," agreed Pepper.  "Why are you calling?"
.  When I tried mating you, your body, it-- the gland-- and when we went to try on collars you-- you freaked out.  I don't feel like I'm doing this right. Maybe if your original mate-- if
Tony’s eyes narrowed.  “Last night.  You, talking about omega rights.  I bet you think you’re the luckiest little omega alive, huh, working for a Stark?  Well, news flash, Sparky.  I’m not my dad and I have more important soap boxes to stand on, so you’re shit out of luck if you think I’m going to help you with that, your whole omega rights thing, because I’m kind of busy with the whole, you know, renewable energy, saving-the-world hobbies.  Don’t
He winced when Tony tried to pull out. "Okay. Okay. Sorry-- it's just hard." Steve said, pun not intended. He grit his teeth and tried to focus on the feeling of Tony inside of him. He unclenched, just, and whined as Tony pulled out of him. It wasn't an entirely happy sound. He squirmed uncomfortably as Tony pulled out and felt a strange pang of emptiness. It was like they couldn't win. His body wanted Tony and yet at the same time didn't. It was so frustrating, and not in a good way. Steve wanted to press his legs back together on instinct. He wasn't even hard anymore. He just felt like he was fucking up in every way possible. Like he wasn't good enough.
The shattered phone was forgotten in the corner.  Tony planned to get Steve something better, something Stark Tech that SHIELD couldn't listen in on, anyway.  Currently, he was happy to be unplugged, alone in his bedroom with his omega.
"The children are coming with me on behalf of Child Protective Services.  Please step to the side, ma'am, I have some questions for you."
"That means your birthday is coming up soon too," he hummed. "What do you wanna do for it?"
As for Steve... he just wanted to go home. He wanted to go back to his ma and eat steaming hot porridge in front of the fireplace. They could never afford to heat it but Steve liked to sit in front of it anyway.
"Gnn... gn... gn..." grunted Tony into the back of Steve's neck.  They were both on the floor, and Tony was scrambling for purchase, wanting to fit more in, even though his balls were already hitting Steve's skin and there was no more to put in him; Steve was melting into the couch, pleading, blue eyes wide and glassy with pleasure.
, Steve thought dumbly and before he knew what he was doing he was sprinting towards him.
anything.  I'm not sure
"Fucking omega slut," gasped Tony, and promptly spasmed, digging his fingers into Steve and jerking his hips up as he ejaculated.
Maria nodded. "Great idea, Steve. Come on Tony, leave them be. Steve isn't going anywhere. He's safe."
The words were less important than the rhythm of them.
"I don't know.  I'd have to ask my manager."
Steve was glad that there were least a couple of omegas here who weren't completely deranged.
"They can," Steve agreed, letting Tony fall asleep against his shoulder with a fond sigh.
Jarvis looked up.  As usual, he didn't make eye contact.  He looked just below Tony's eyes out of respect.  "Nothing, sir."
(An hour after the last one, to his delight, he'd received a couple of pizzas.)
"I'm fine." Steve huffed and ran a hand over his face. "I'm fine Nat, really...you don't need to worry about me." He glanced over at Tony and frowned at how forlorn the Alpha looked.
been pair bonded.
Clint and Natasha, he noted, were absent, but he wasn't surprised.  From the sound of it, they were lying low, trying to keep their noses clean.
He felt numb.
"Hey, the break-up was mutual, Pepper.  It takes two to tango. It's not like it was
"...do you just carry around mouthwash and things in your purse for him like he's three years old?" asked Beth, appearing at Tony's other side.
"You're nothing like you're portrayed in the media," said Frond.
"...can we get some more cucumbers over here?" demanded Tony, leaning his head back.
"Yeah," Trickshot said, voice a little hoarse. "Yeah. Yeah, sure."
Tony's eyes darted from Steve back to the others.  He gave himself a small, mental pat on the back for not collapsing right then and there.  Steve was Captain America.  He'd been bossing around Captain America, calling him "Sparky," for over two weeks.  He'd nearly fucked Captain America.  Captain America, his dad's old buddy.  Howard had talked about him constantly and suddenly Howard's views on omega rights clicked into place perfectly.  And now here he was, Captain America, telling him he was actually a good person.  Captain America, who was supposed to be dead, who had returned from the grave to say nice things to him.
without getting a pack of Strikes first."
"...I missed sex," he admitted quietly.  "I missed boring, missionary-style-before-bed sex with my omega.  I missed breakfast the next morning and accidentally breaking furniture and ruining the sheets.  God, Stevie, I
"That's not how it's done for people like us," Seven shrugged.
Tony held on to Steve's arm with both hands and leaned against him as they walked out.  His mood was much improved.  The simulation had been rough, yes, but it was over and he was glad he was drunk and besides, he was with Steve.  He giggled quietly to himself the whole way to the car.  "...we owe Natasha and Clint and big thank-you.  Their bond makes ours sound like it was, like, easy.  ...you know what's sad, Steve?  I bet no one sent them an orchid.  Steve, let's send them an orchid, Steve.  I
He was far more interested in Steve, who was, frustratingly, clothed.  As was Tony. He didn't remember how he'd gotten into bed or why he and Steve were both still clothed.  He kicked weakly, intent on shucking off his own sweatpants and mating the hell out of Steve.
"That outfit isn't sexy, it's distasteful and humiliating and--"
Steve let out a gasp as teeth sunk into his neck with warning, the pain piercingly pleasant. More marks meant even more of a claim, and even more pissed off Fury was just a bonus. Steve would do whatever- and whoever -he wanted and boy did he want Tony.
Steve swallowed.  Working for Tony meant also working for Pepper in turn.  And it was a nightmare, because each of them was constantly pulling him in entirely opposite directions.
Steve was confused when he realised that T'Chaka called his mate his 'wife' too. Usually, marriage was a beta thing. They didn't have anything like mating and it helped to solidify a relationship. Like mating it was a sign of commitment. So Steve was surprised when T'Chaka mentioned they were both married and mated. Maybe it was because they were royalty, or maybe in Wakanda they viewed marriage differently. Steve didn't know, but he found himself curious.
"There's never any older than twenty."
"Do any other omegas work here?"
Tony took a long drink of coffee before answering; the liquid was already going cold.
"I thought you said Steve was shot?" she asked and looked over at Steve himself, who shrugged.
Both of them had their teeth bared and their dander up, and both were far beyond words, which was unfortunate, because neither was clear who he was actually speaking to, other than having a vague idea it was some other Alpha who was encroaching on Steve-territory.  The phone conversation had taken a slightly comical turn as the two of them both clutched the phones in their hands, growling aggressively into the line without managing to convey any information whatsoever, other than raw anger and aggression. However, without any pheromonal cues, it was unclear who was dominant over whom, so they were simply growling louder and louder to be heard over the other one.  Evolution hadn't ever predicted the invention of the telephone; in a face-to-face to situation, Tony and Bucky would have been fighting by now, but without any physical presence, the two of them were caught in a never-ending loop of verbal posturing.
Sharing his omega was upsetting because it reflected badly on his own assertiveness as an Alpha.  But he'd punished Steve because of his insecurities. Worse, he'd done it a day after telling Steve how he wanted to be a better Alpha to him.
"What time would you like us to pick him up?"
Tony squirmed a little.  After the "I love you" bit, he really wanted to retreat to the bathroom to clean up, but instead he was going to have to sit here on top of Steve for at least thirty minutes.  Maybe more.  Ugh.
Richards smiled tightly.  "Which is why we want you to go for 'round two,’ Captain, so we can try and work this out..."
Pepper appeared at the top of the stairs. "Spare sandwiches, if anyone wants some," she said and set them down before sinking into the sofa with a sigh.
"Morgan," she said.
Natasha rolled her eyes at him.  "No, they think
Steve kissed him properly in the doorway his bedroom, his mouth still tasting a little strange. He nudged their noses together before pulling back. He should be training, out running or something, but all he wanted to do was spend time with Tony.
Phil walked back into the cabin; it seemed lonely.  He walked over to Steve's door and knocked. "Captain?  I apologize, but we have to outfit you with a new ankle monitor.  For security reasons."
to be in there somewhere.  The real Bucky would never hurt him.
"Yes.  That will be sufficient.  Is this the new wing dedicated to Steve being an omega?" asked Bucky, pointed.
"I did?  Great!" said Tony.  He'd rubbed shoulders with Ellis on a number of occasions and found him to be likeable.  He was a moderate Republican whose policies were most focused on economics.  If Stark Industries still produced weapons, they would have benefited greatly from his defense spending.  Ellis and his veep, Rodriguez, were both betas; it occurred to Tony that they were being invited in an effort to garner political support from the minority population of Alphas and omegas.  Having only ever met Ellis for business, it felt weird to suddenly be called on for a social issue.  Tony wasn't sure he was the right guy to sit down and talk about that stuff, but he figured Steve would take the helm and he could go ahead and get ragingly drunk.  The White House had an impressive open bar that Tony had decimated on four separate occasions.
Tony drew away, licking Steve's cock clean, the large silicon toy still firmly buried into his mate.
"I'll give you guys a few days to... shower," Aria grumbled. "I'll let you know if anything important comes in. See you soon Steve."
"...yes," said Tony eagerly, seizing onto Steve's request with delight, pulling away from his leg.  Denying himself wasn't pleasant, but that was fine.  Tony
"...y'know, me and Ty were childhood friends?" said Tony.  "Before... before he got sent away. We went to the same prep school."
"N-no... swearing..." Donner managed to gasp.  "Only-- good things-- for baby."
"I think there must be a mistake, obviously, a misunderstanding about the word
Steve stepped forward and the screaming died down; it was quiet for a few seconds, the crowd softening a little in respect. "The future is great and it's getting better, all the time.  But we can only do this if we work together. This isn't about focusing on what divides people. This is about focusing on what we have in common regardless of status, and regardless of biology. It's important to celebrate diversity, and respect it. But it's more important to see that we have so many similarities over our differences, to see ourselves in other people. To have empathy. That is what makes us strong as nation. Solidarity and support. I know for a fact that America can change for the better- it already has. And with the help of people like you..."
"You know I can hear you, right?" snapped Tony, peeking out from under his arm again.  "I'm
"If it makes you feel any better, Steve, they've had the recipe for the serum since the eighties," said Phil calmly.  "...they'd never been able to activate it correctly, though. Most of their soldiers turned feral, based on our intelligence, and were disposed of.  ...I doubt they'll be able to use your blood to learn anything they don't already know."
He stood up, shrugging away Tony's hand. "I need a minute," he choked out, and then he ran up the steps and stepped out onto the pool terrace to get fresh air.
. Steve let out a quiet but desperate sound as Tony's fingers found that sweet spot inside of him and he ground his hips down again, seeking more relief. "Please," he whispered, not entirely sure what he was asking for.
"Hey kids, Daddy's up!" he announced to the lab.  One of the bots clicked a mechanical arm at him in reply.
He reached out and slipped his hand into Steve's, offering him silent comfort.  "It's okay to cry," he said after a moment. "But when you're done... you and Stark are still pair-bonded.  Mates fight. When you're done crying, you'll still be bonded. And when you're done fighting, you'll still be bonded.  Nothing is going to change that. You two chose each other and you're making it work. And don't even let yourself think that being an omega makes you weak.  Feeling vulnerable during heat... that's normal. Everyone has vulnerabilities, regardless of their station. You're an inspiration, Captain, to so many people... you're stronger than nearly anyone I know.  Including a lot of Alphas." He gave Steve's hand a squeeze and lapsed back into silence, looking around the room. He resisted the urge to tear it apart and nest. He also resisted the urge to seem too gleeful about spending his heat with Captain America.
"Well, I'll believe it when I see it," said Stone with a frown.  "That network isn't particularly known for being progressive, and Tommy says that--"
Hawley had left by now.
Okay. Tracy was pretty drunk.
"It's not a religious group.  We just use their facilities. It's free to attend and there's parking in the lot.  We run from nine to eleven."
"That was amazing," Steve told George and the omega beamed at him. He grabbed his stolen milkshake and stuck the straw into his mouth.
in that instant. He smiled at the other's own lack of eloquence and then felt his breath hitch as Tony moved inside of him again. Steve's arms ended up curled around Tony's shoulders again, his fingers in his hair, but they weren't tugging just yet. The touch was gentle.
"--the thing about the new standard infantry rifle is, we were going back to basics, removing the bells and whistles, focusing on a weapon that didn't jam," Tony was explaining below them, popping in a new magazine.  Steve recognized the tapping motion Tony made with the heel of his hand as the same one he used to whack his arc reactor into his chest.  "You can submerge this baby in mud for forty-eight hours and it'll still work when you need it to.  We got rid of the uplink scope, which I know Hammer still uses, but let's be real, that component has a tendency to warp within two campaigns and fuck up your barrel--"
"THEY HAD TELEPHONES IN STEVE'S DAY!" yelled Tony suddenly from the living room.  Clearly, he'd been eavesdropping.
and still never fuck you.  I mean, I'm glad he didn't, but
Steve moved to tug on his jeans and dark shirt from before turning back to Tony. He buttoned up his shirt as he watched the engineer frowning at himself in the mirror. The way his brow knotted together was almost cute. He sighed softly and walked up to him as Tony was holding up the other tee.
Tony pulled out the blood toxicity meter from his pocket and jabbed his finger.  ...96%.
"Tony prefers numbers over names.  I doubt he bothered to read the name," supplied Tiberius.
Steve knelt down next to him. "Listen. They're gonna have to take you in.  Get X-Rays, MRIS, do a rape kit, saw off that chain--" Trickshot suddenly looked alarmed. "I'm going to call your brother, okay? Don't worry. We're taking everyone back to the same place. We will find you again."
Justin laughed breezily.  "You're such a kidder, Tony.  Have you been drinking?  We ought to drink together sometime, it'd be fun.  Well, enough chit-chat, I know you're busy, I'm busy too, you know, us two, movers, shakers, and producers, right?  Get me that spot at the Expo.  You're gonna be surprised, Tony, really, I promise that."
Satin hesitated again.  "Cashmere and Hyacinth are on housekeeping today.  Mystery, Dash, and Rose are in the laundry room. Willow's with Mr. Joseph, doing paperwork.  Robin, Mocha, and Elf are in the lounge. And today me and Banjo and Azabache are on kitchen duty."
"--you're in
"I think you'll be glad to see her again," Steve said encouragingly. And he meant it. Even if Peggy was mad at Tony for something buried in their past...she wasn't a spiteful woman. Peggy was one of the most forgiving people he knew. She would be glad to see Tony, although she might give him a stern talking to about Yemen. But Steve was certainly in deeper shit than Tony over that. After all, he'd promised her he'd stay out of trouble then walked straight into HYDRAs arms. Steve still wasn't entirely sure why he did that.
He grabbed the painting out of Steve's hands and climbed onto the nearest table, knocking over a decorative vase.  "I always hated this Rothko, this'll look way better--" he said to himself, trying to pull down an abstract painting off the wall.
"I don't work for you.
Steve gasped out as Tony murmured and licked against him. The way called Steve
"--Stark?  You feeling better?" asked Natasha hesitantly into her comm.  She was in their line of sight but she was still keeping her distance and had Steve's shield up, ready to duck behind in case Tony fired at her again.
"...it would be a terrible shame," Steve hummed, a smile curling onto his lips.  He leaned forward, breath ghosting over Tony's cheek. "Lie down," he whispered abruptly, tone unwavering.
"Yeah. My metabolism is too fast."
Steve curled into his touch, eyes half drooping shut. It was strange...still feeling so weirdly clean after sex. Nice, in a way. Steve guessed he would get used to this. He tucked his face against the crook of Tony's shoulder, hiding away from the late afternoon sunlight that was pooling into the room. He sighed softly, contently.
"You have some real issues with your father, don't you?" asked Natasha with the same sort of pleasant tone one might use to comment on the weather.
Pepper put a hand on Steve's arm and grabbed the label of Tony's jacket and dragged them both away.
There was a pregnant pause.
Tony eyed the crowd, searching for Mr. Bennett.  He wanted to get a card and get out of here. He didn't see Bennett, but he spotted Malick at the same time Malick spotted him.
Steve stood in front of it, his hands on his hips. It was so weird to be looking at it again. The last time he'd seen it was... a very, very long time ago.
Ryan peered at Steve. "Hey-- what? Is that Captain America?"
Not a single performer had talked to him about his force bond, which Steve was eternally grateful for. They were just trying to make him smile, make him feel relaxed; that counted for a lot.
"You're burning up, Pietro.  You've been in close quarters with a dominant Alpha for weeks now.  It's happening."
Another round of laughter.  Eric had no story; he had been an obvious Alpha from birth without any big reveal.
"Sure, I mean, if that's okay-"
"Status Alliance is all about bringing back the support omegas had for each other back in your time," said Banksy.  "Because even though we've come a way... we're still not out of the woods yet."
"Okay, okay, whatever.  Are you in or out?"
Steve nodded, trying to keep his cool in front of all these people. "Is George around? We need to ask him something..."
"It's up to you Tony," Steve said softly and moved to stand on the other side of the chair. If Tony didn't want him in the simulation then he would be in the room anyway, by his side. But on the actual test day he would pressed up against the other side of the glass - just like Tony had been.
"Hi, Tony."
"So tell Stark to suit up and blast the two of them back to the hole they crawled out of."
Aria was standing by the indoor fountain in the main room, holding two cups of coffee.
Wanda raised an eyebrow.  "...dangerous."
Steve burst into laughter.
"No, we just...chose each other. We met by chance."
"...if you want, we can leave," added Sam softly.  "We," of course, referring to him and Natasha, the Alphas.
Gleason looked at him pointedly.
Tony re-read the "love, Pepper" line several times, then picked up the bracelets and turned them over in his hands.  "...huh," he said thoughtfully. Tony liked alternative medicine regardless of whether or not it worked, and he definitely liked magnets.  Not a bad gift.
Steve got a glazed look and dropped to his knees.
This would never have happened in the forties. None of it. There would be no omega father and certainly no kid asking to be an omega, and a boy too to boot. Steve was stunned all over again and seriously reminded of how far he'd come. Sure, omega rights had a way to go yet but Steve didn't spend enough time appreciating its achievements.
"Illegal," pointed out Brent.
?  ...my God.  Fine. Wire me the money and we'll buy the tickets.  ...yes, yes, between the witch and the soldier we'll easily be able to capture him.  Yes, of course. Okay. Hail HYDRA."
"...setting fires?" repeated the director.  "Jesus Christ! Where the hell's Karpov?" He slammed the phone down and dialed.  The phone rang... and rang... and rang...
Natasha didn't take the bait.  "You guys better start praying."
Bucky jolted awake and sat up blearily.
"He's not responding.  Maybe one of your hostiles has an access card.  Can I get a birdseye, Stark?"
"...almost makes me miss basic," said Sam, sarcastically as the young men tussled each other, grabbing Sean and trying to wave Steve over.
The soldier staggered to his feet, half-blind, spitting blood.  One eye wasn't focusing correctly anymore.  His leg was throbbing where he'd been stabbed.  He'd wet himself.  But he was standing; with his good eye; he found Karpov's face, and Karpov was pointing him in the right direction.  With determination, he began limping toward the exit.  He wouldn't let him down again.
Fury hung up.
"Her real name's Virginia, though."
Oh, God, no.  Scars meant hurt; scars meant injury.  Tony couldn't stand the thought of his omega being injured, not right now.  But the way Natasha was saying
"Hey. Tony. Breathe." Steve put his hands on his shoulders and squeezed lightly, standing in front of him as they paused by the door to Tony's workshop and garage. He leaned forward to kiss his forehead. "You've got this. I know you do. You have nothing to prove to me; you've just got to show them how awesome I already know you are."
Tony took a deep breath and let out a slow, steady sigh, reaching up to rub the back of his neck vigorously.  He forced a smile.  "Okay.  Show time.  ...I got a few of the newer suits at the Expo, Steve.  They make the Mark 2 look like a piece of junk.  Wait 'til you see them.  They're awesome."
"It might be necessary."
sex life."
At his feet, the Winter Soldier was slowly, slowly getting up.
Tony growled affectionately as Steve squirmed under him; he reached up with his other hand to press behind Steve's other ear.  "Yeah... there you go... good boy..." he murmured. Steve's smell had intensified a hundredfold, like he was in pre-heat, and Tony could smell his arousal, and his fingers were getting very, very slightly oily from massaging the scent glands; Tony was in Alpha heaven; he was rock-hard and rubbing himself against Steve's thigh without even thinking about it, blissfully huffing his omega's smell, body quivering with expectation, his knot already swollen and throbbing.
He sat by her bedside and let his eyes slip shut, his head on the sheets. Peggy ran her fingers through his hair, not commenting on his neck. "Always so good at getting yourself into trouble," she sighed fondly. Her voice sounded younger than she was. Steve could almost imagine Peggy from the forties standing next to him for a brief moment. His heart ached.
“Any name you are particularly fond of?” Tony asked, “Boy names, girl names?”
“I’m not a kid!” Spiderman protested, and Tony gave him an unimpressed look,
“Ohhh!” Tony threw himself at Steve which had the effort of rolling them both off the bed and onto the floor where they landed laughing in a tangle of limbs. “Gonna make the cutest baby with you.” Tony said kissing Steve’s jaw and neck.
Steve watched him go and quickly finished his burger in two bites and wiped his hands on a napkin, “You two behave yourselves for a few minutes.” He said getting to his feet, “No blowing anything up or setting anything on fire.”
“I do not kill or cause harm to human, animal, avian, or aquatic life. I must follow Sir’s orders, though I am encouraged to tease, and may disregard this protocol if sir is placing himself at risk by not eating or drinking for a period of more than twelve hours.
“Tony is not generally the sort to hold a grudge,” Rhodey said, “I’ll ask him first, but considering what we maybe facing, I doubt that he would want to turn away another fighter for the cause,” He looked to Vision, “You should think about it too.” Vision gazed at him appraisingly,
"And we shall beat out a new and lasting peace as we take claim to this land and all its riches." Steve declared, "And the enemy shall find that we are very firm in our rule, as we have deep sense of duty." He thrust his hardness deeper as he spoke making Tony keen, "But we shall also be fair and show the enemy that happiness may still be found in their complete submission."
“No.” Peter moaned while Zach leaped up and threw himself onto Steve’s lap, his tiny arms wrapping about his chest to hug him.
With his attention on Peter, Tony wasn’t watching the Doctor, who had dragged himself to the door, “You haven’t won Stark.” He spat using his feet and good hand to shove a shelving unit out of the way, “You won’t get out of here alive.” He slammed his palm over a button and then hurried out of the door.
Zach giggled, “Wiv the bots, can I have my Tardis in there too?”
Wanda would watch impassively as her victims smashed their heads into the walls until they were split open. Or clawing their own eyes out of the sockets so they couldn't see the images she had placed into their minds anymore, one even bit open his own wrists before swallowing his tongue.
“Captain, if you would be so kind, I believe Sir could do with some assistance in master Zach’s bedroom.” Jarvis said, making Steve look up from working on the portrait he was doing.
“It seems your attempts to free yourself have failed Captain.” He said in his most business like voice, “Perhaps you should try a different approach.”
“Have we an estimate on how many troops we’ll be facing?” Steve asked looking over the layout and calculating possible blind spots they could exploit.
“Do you know who he is?” The first paramedic asked Steve,
Tony looked up at him and grinned, “I think you’ll get the hang of it, I think we both will, won’t we Morgan?” He asked looking back down at her, “We’ll figure it out as we go won’t we?”
Zach however wasn’t a fan of the oat bath and threw a tantrum about it, crying and shouting all the way through and kicking his legs so much that Tony and the bathroom were covered in soggy oats.
At the compound the Avengers gathered, leaving the defenders and Fantastic Four in the city to protect the shelters. The X-Men deployed throughout America to back up the military as they awaited Thanos.
Steve hoped she did, he hated to see Zach upset; he was far to young to be dealing with such matters, hell! No one should have to learn that their Father was a murderer, but at Zach’s age it just made it even harder, because while he was very intelligent for his age, he wasn’t anywhere near emotionally developed enough to deal with this.
“Yeah, because she’s sweet like honey and hums like a bee, so Lily-Bee.” Tony explained, as if that made perfect sense. Steve was grinning at his interaction with Lily, perfectly accepting of the nickname, recalling the nicknames his Tony had had for her.
She could invade minds at will, not just reading them, but also manipulating them, making people see and feel their worst fears in vivid detail.
Steve stared at Tony as if he’d grown a second head, “How do you come up with these scenarios?” He asked,
“Jarvis can you take care of the suit?” Steve asked as he saw that it was still in Sentury mode.
“Can I have another one?” Zach asked, he wasn’t allowed to do his own marshmallow, enhanced he might be but Tony wasn’t comfortable letting Zach get so close to naked flames, so he was being assisted in toasting his marshmallows.
Somehow Bucky found himself slowly relaxing into the warm and friendly atmosphere in the hotel room, a movie was put on the TV, an animated cartoon, Disney’s Aristocats, which had cute singing cats that made the others laugh and try to sing along with the songs with varying degrees of success as they ate their meals.
“So I can write on his casts.” Clint replied bouncing on the balls of his feet looking gleeful at the prospect of writing lewd jokes and filthy images all over Tony’s casts.
“Him and Cap.” Clint said, “They are the Mum and Dad of the team.”
“On a bright note, our stock had risen fifteen percent since the Gala.” Pepper said, “And they are holding steady. Your own popularity has risen too. The last resentments over Sokovia have dried up and the focus is on the good you have done since becoming Iron Man.”
Steve shook his head, “I fucked up Sam. If I’d told Tony the truth about his parents from the start then he wouldn’t have lashed out in Siberia. Zemo wouldn’t have won, and even so, I shouldn’t have left him there, I should have just assumed he’d be alright.” He looked down at his feet, self disgust rolling off him, “Its my fault that Hydra got him, God only knows what they’ve been doing to him, and the baby.” He felt doubly sick when he thought of the poor innocent child at Hydra’s mercy, the things those bastards would do to a child, Natasha had told him of what had been done to her during her training and the thought of his own baby going through that made Steve’s blood run cold.
“Oscorp and Osborn are up to some freaky shit.” MJ said, “Peter’s accident wasn’t the first time something really messed up has happened, its just the first time that its ever been public. There have been other incidents where people have been hurt from experiments.”
“Only if you are good for your Uncle Happy.” Tony said as he made the batter, “Pete, can you get the orange juice from the fridge?”
Since Tony was struggling to keep from having a panic attack, Steve did the talking for them both, extending a hand to the young woman, "I'm sorry, you are?"
“Because it’s not good to have pancakes every day.” Tony said.
MJ made a disgusted noise, “I’m not running from them, they’re a pair of dicks.”
"As this secondary force subdues the enemy on this side, we shall begin our dangerous descent into enemy land, where we shall subjugate the enemy and batter down all defenses."
Steve saw Tony close his eyes and grimace, he clearly hadn’t wanted his children to see that, and who could blame him, no child should see their parent die.
“The Iron Legion await your orders.” Friday reported.
Tony felt tears welling up again, this time they were a mix of relief and sorrow, “But Steve I might not be able to be a proper mate to you anymore, we might never have sex again.”
Peter on the other hand ate anything, having come from an under-privileged background, he had been brought up to appreciate whatever food was put on his plate, because while his aunt and Uncle hadn’t been poor they certainly hadn’t an abundance of wealth and couldn’t afford to waste food.
“Nothing, why?” Tony asked, pausing in his work as his skin shivered under Steve’s ministrations.
Peter’s eyes widened and he looked about his bedroom.
“OMG!” Deadpool squealed, “I’ve so gotta tweet this, I’ve played with Cap’s frisby!”
Tony went straight to see the boy, who was in the hospital while social services decided what to do with him now he had no family to take him in.
“Always.” Pepper said, “Don’t do anything like that again.”
“No dumbass, a baby, do you want a boy or a girl?” Tony laughed.
“Good, time to go and get bathed and covered in bubbles, eh Lily, want to play with bubbles?”
The ground he stepped on was broken, torn up and scorched beneath his feet, the air was thick with dust and ash, the sky an amber haze with the sun trying to burn through the thick layer of ash that was blanketing the earth.
“Barnes was experimented on, wasn’t he?”
“Nothing.” Tony said, “I’m making himself something.”
Steve scratched his head and squinted at the impossible amount of poles and pegs that were laying on the sand besides the tent material. In his day tents had been simple things, a few poles, a few pegs, put the tent over it and there you go. Not it seemed that you needed a degree in mechanics to get these things put up.
“Remind him of his bedtime will you Jay?”
“Tony that’s incredible!” on impulse Steve pulled Tony into a hug, leaping back when Tony groaned as the action cause his back to twinge. “I’m sorry, are you okay?”
“I don’t wanna go, I don’t wanna go!”
This startled a laugh out of Tony, trust Zach to think of something like that, a roller skate and wheelchair race!
“We were thinking that, considering Shield is out of commission, the Avengers will be in greater need than ever.” Natasha said, “Especially with Hydra still out there.”
“Good, because if you do hurt Tony then there won’t be enough left your body for anyone to find.” Rhodey warned him, leaning forward to whisper into his ear, “And I have enough resources to ensure that they won’t even bother looking.”
Steve hoped he’d managed to thank Tony, but he was pretty sure all he managed were a few vague noises as he let Tony lead him out into what could only be described as a luxury apartment and that was only the living room!
“I know.” Tony said, “And I forgive him. This is just to teach him that actions have consequences so he won’t do it again. It’s to teach him responsibility.”
One of the perks of flying in on a private jet meant that Tony was able to bring one of his cars with him. Well, it was a perk to him, to Steve it meant watching Tony commit two dozen driving offences in the first ten minutes of being on the road, after that he stopped counting wondering how Tony even had a licence when he drove like a lunatic on speed.
“You what?” The Cop asked
“And me.” Steve added.
Steve waited until he was gone from sight then took out his phone and called Pepper, after an exchange of pleasantries he told her why he was calling.
“So far as we know.” Bruce said, “He and Steve are laying low right now. Your Mamma’s car was found abandoned at the road side, damaged. His and Steve’s disappearance has caused a stir with the media, hence the reporters outside.”
Peter worried at his bottom lip, “I guess. I mean I know, but I…”
“Too big since I’ve got to invite Weed Richards.” Tony said with a sneer, “And I swear if Victor Von Dumbfuck attacks our wedding because Reed Dick is there….”
“And this is a conversation that I did not want to overhear.”
Clint grinned, “It is so girly that you know that.”
“Hey, if it isn’t Cap 2.0,” Clint greeted, with a bright smile, “And this little lady must be Lily,”
“Be careful you don’t get dragged out to sea on that.” Steve cautioned him, as Clint scrabbled around, trying to get sitting on the tire and he might have had more success had Sam not waded out to him and leaped on the other side sending Clint face down into the water with all the grace of a beached whale. Before Clint could take his revenge, as Sam got himself up and onto the tire, Peter, who’d been silently swimming nearby, went under the water, swam up under Sam and shoved the man off the tire, getting himself onto it.
Change in taste and smell.
“I always miss you.” Steve said, his hands lazily cupping Tony’s hips, “What I wanted to tell you was that the police called while you were out, they would like us to go into the station, its something about the case against Osborn and Curien.”
Tony’s eyes widened. He and Steve had a baby together? He and Steve had been together?
“Shut it featherhead, no one wants your commentary.” Tony snarked, finally getting to raise his head as Natasha finished with the mascara, however his ordeal wasn’t over as it was time for the contouring, highlighting, concealing, and powdering.
Bullets started to be fired and Peter put an extra burst of speed into his climbing, reaching the skylight fired his webbing, swinging off the ceiling to climb back up to the roof only an incredible pain exploded in his leg just above his knee making him scream and let go of his webbing.
As quietly as he could he got out of bed and got himself dressed in his new suit, slipping the mask over his face. He’d decided to go with a full face mask to hide his head completely that way there was no way he could be ID’d.
“We have to take him to hospital.” Maria cried, trying to sooth Tony.
With Tony cradled in his arms, Steve jumped through the museum window, shattering it with his shoulder and twisted in the air so his body took the impact when they landed outside. Natasha followed, tucking and rolling and sprung to her feet with the grace of a cat, “C’mon!” She shouted to the two men.
*****
Peter quickly took his fists off the arms of the chair before he crushed them in his fear. Steve or Tony hurt, His Mother or his Father hurt.
“You sure you still want to get involved?” Steve asked him, “This is going to be dangerous, very dangerous.”
“It is a pleasure Captain, should I call you Captain or Mr Rogers…?”
Then came a whole battery of tests, bloods, heart rate, blood pressure, ECG, MRI, CAT, and practically every other test ever invented. Tony had felt like a pin cushion by the time they had done poking, prodding, and scanning him.
“I don’t know baby.” Tony said, “Hopefully people will accept this and nothing will happen.”
“I can’t believe I thought he was a few too many mince pies.” Tony chuckled as he rocked CJ who was happily sleeping against his chest, dressed in an adorable Captain America onesie.
“Great, murder threats, a risk of giant rage monsters, fanboys gushing everywhere, and public indecency and sexual activities.” Clint said, “This documentary should have content for all audiences to enjoy.”
“He looks like you.” Steve said, “He clearly takes after you.” Again Tony seemed to become uncomfortable.
Peter grinned and bounced on the balls of his feet, “Fastest there chooses what flavour milkshake.”
“I need a sharpie.” Clint declared out of the blue.
“Fine, me and Peter will be in communication.”
“Well, I think, with what you’re planning, put together we might have chance of defeating Thanos this time.”
“Well the Tardis does go anywhere and everywhere in time and space.” Tony said.
Tony tried to make up for this by focusing a lot of attention on his bump himself, talking to the Pup in English, Italian, Spanish, French, German, Greek, Dari, and Farsi. The eight languages he was fluent in, he also threw in sentences from the languages he could get by in, Russian, Portuguese, Mandarin, and Japanese. He’d play music to the Pup too, classical seemed to settle the pup when Tony wanted to sleep and was being kicked in the kidneys, pop made him or her wriggle like crazy as if he or she were dancing to the beat, and heavy metal or rock had strong thumps against belly even outlines of tiny hands appearing.
This behaviour had only started since Peter had become enhanced, or rather since he had returned to school so Steve thought he might be able to take an educated guess as to what was bothering the teen.
“You didn’t think you were getting away that easily did you, Stark?” He called casually strolling through his burning factory and igniting products as he went causing more fires and explosions until the other end of the catwalk was cut off too leaving Tony in the centre with no where to go but a fifteen foot drop with debris on fire to cushion his fall.
Hill narrowed her eyes at him coldly, “The WSC.”
Tony clutched his chest in dramatic wounding making Peter snicker then sigh heavily, “Why do people die?” he asked frowning at Tony.
Hulk grunted and tossed a slab of concrete the size of a bus across the car park, “Birdy go steady, Hulk find Tin Man and Little Spider.” He rumbled out.
“Please Sir, it’s a matter of life and death!” Ned added, “We have to speak to the Avengers right now!”
Of course Curien could never be allowed to talk to the police, he might be able to implicate Osborn, and even if he didn’t have evidence to support it, Norman didn’t want to risk anymore suspicion. As it was this would cause his company to loose even more stock points, he was dangerously close to financial ruin, if he couldn’t turn things around soon then he’d be forced to put his company into liquidation.
Tony tried to hold back the flow, but the grief was too great and tears began to spill down his cheeks, “It’s not fair!” He snarled into Steve’s chest, fisting the soldier’s shirt, “One thing, just one damn thing, can’t the universe at least give us that?”
“Take your time,” Pepper said getting herself another coffee.
Grinning, Tony pointed at his bedside table where he kept condoms and lube. Pausing briefly to kiss him again, Steve moved to grab the lube and a condom, giving Tony the chance to admire his sculpted backside and to cheekily give the cheeks a slap.
At dusk they all returned to the villa for showers and a change of clothes and they fired up the BBQ that Tony had out on the patio. While Tony wasn’t that much of a cook he was able to manage a BBQ, and proceeded to cook up burgers, steaks, sausages, ribs, haloumi cheese, and corn on the cob, which Natasha and Bruce sliced buns, mixed together potato salad, and some salad vegetables.
“Language. Oh Fuck I’m turning into Steve!”
“Hi everyone, thank you for having me.”
“Exactly.” Steve said, “I left a time where the black soldiers weren’t permitted to share the same ablutions as the white soldiers, where it was considered perfectly normal and even healthy to beat a misbehaving child with a belt, where homosexuals were prosecuted and faced either imprisonment or being declared insane and put into an asylum.
“Maybe.” The doctor mused, “It’s been treated, stitched and bandaged, professionally too, so he did received medical attention.”
“Killing is wrong.”
A Beta Son or an Alpha Son, those would have satisfied Howard. Not an Omega.
The Winter Soldier’s arrival in Vienna had made the news within hours, as had his release by the authorities in the Avenger’s care, or rather into Tony Stark’s care.
“And to think my worst case scenario was Tony strangling Clint.” He said.
“Please don’t run,” He said to Bucky who was tense and ready to bolt at the slightest provocation, “Someone dickwad must have alerted the authorities. It’s okay, if you don’t put up a fight or try and run then we can control the situation.” Bucky shuddered and looked about, his fists clenched ready to fight,
“Think so.” Tony said.
Some were adamant that it would be long term; because Cap is an old fashioned guy and wouldn’t just have a casual hook up or a fling. Others said that he would do so because he’d never gotten the chance to experience sexual liberation back in the forties. More argued that it wouldn’t last because Tony was “all wrong” for Cap. He was too much older, too selfish, too demanding, too childish, an alcoholic (Apparently they hadn’t realised Tony had been dry for four years)
“Good God Jarvis, I leave you in charge and look what happens.” The Billionaire sighed looking at the devastation.
“Have you got a super huge scar?” Ned asked, almost spitting out his mouthful of cake as MJ slapped his head.
Sokovia
“Mamma?”
“He hates me.”
“Well, do you want a traditional wedding, Green and White, or something more relaxed?”
“Or even have a surrogate.” Tony said, he could picture Steve holding a new-born in his arms. He knew Steve would be the type to cry, would be terrified of dropping the baby and would spend hours just staring down at the creased reddened face declaring it the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen.
He also thanked the door man as they went into the hotel and through to the reception room where the gala was being held.
*****
“Wha…” the memory of the factory came rushing back and Tony tried to sit up only to have his head spin and his stomach lurch.
The answer became clear a short time later as Peter began to lift Tony’s cars one by one.
She bolted down the street as fast as she could go, not stopping until a dark car pulled up in front of her and one of Killian’s men got out.
“It’s stable now, I managed to stabilize it, and thankfully Zach is seeing it as a gift, something to be joyful about rather than a violation.”
(Clint should never have been allowed to take him to a strip club)
Tony gave him a sympathetic smile, “For a start you let my PR team handle the media right now, at least until you find your footing and feel more confident. As for the social changes, you may be asked by the media what you think of them, and considering what you just told me, I’d say be honest. Let people know how great you think it is.”
“Gotcha boss.”
In the bags there were tinned and packet food like tuna, baked beans, hot dogs, bread, crisps, biscuits, and of course there was marshmallows, and chocolate to make s’mores.
Tony lifted his head and glared at him, his face twisted into a mask of pure fury, “I will rip you limb from limb.” He whispered, “I will break you, shatter your body, flay you, and beat you to death. My face will be the last thing your pleading eyes will see in this life, and before I end your misery I swear I will pluck them out and make you eat them.”
“You are going down for all of this.” Clint said, “Accomplice to terrorism, murder, grievous bodily harm, assault, kidnap, and quite frankly, for being a worthless piece of shit!”
“Right away Sir.”
“Alright stand down Robocop!” He shouted blasting off into the air and hovering just over Steve and the man who’d attacked them. The man looked up but didn’t stop his assault on Steve and he was too close for Tony to risk using the repulsors. Cursing Tony flew in closer and grabbed the man by his underarms lifting him up off Steve and held him even as the man struggled and Damn was he strong, like super-soldier strong.
Tony rose an eyebrow, “You don’t know what I was going to say.”
It was a rather unusual experience for Tony. To be on the arm of someone, rather than having someone on his arms for an event. Though Pepper could never be described as Arm Candy and he would never do her the disservice of calling her such.
Peter nodded and chewed on his bottom lip consideringly, “I think it will.” He said at length, “I hope it will. Being back with Ned and MJ will make me happy, its how everyone will react to me that I’m not sure about.”
“Quietly, we don’t want to wake baby Natasha.”
“I don’t need rest.” Steve said, “I can go for days without any and I’m not letting you go through this alone.”
The Doctor’s voice faded out of his focus, he could see the man’s mouth working, see his hands moving as he explained, but Tony couldn’t hear him, he couldn’t focus on anything but the grip of hopelessness that wrapped around him in a suffocating embrace.
"The spider's broke free from their cages and during the panic Peter must have gotten bitten by one of them." She said and her cheeks flushed, "I hadn't gone into that lab myself, my colleague had done so while I remained outside. I have arachnophobia and couldn't face going into a lab with so many spiders." She paused to take a deep breath before continuing, "We thought everyone had gotten out, but then there was shouting, someone calling for an ambulance and for first aiders. That was when Ned. Peter's friend?" At Steve's nod she went on, "He noticed that Peter wasn't with us and..." She broke off, her gaze shifting to look at the floor.
Bucky chose to remain with Tony and Steve and to join the Avengers, having found himself a home with them and formed friendships with the team, (Even Deadpool, although he frequently threatened to strangle Wade to death.)
“I can.” Peter replied from inside the cubicle, “Its safer here, you don’t know. I’ve been proposition by five people MJ, five! Three girls and two boys and they want to do things with me in spandex!”
Peter was going to tell them about his becoming enhanced. He’d discussed this in length with his parents and with the team and they had agreed it was something he should do. He needed the support of his friends, while he had support from his family, he needed people his own age who could understand him in ways those older could not, and people he could just kick back and be a kid with.
While Natasha and Clint experimented with getting free from their bonds, Tony twisted his left hand and wrist, ignoring the way his flesh tore and bled as the zip ties cut into his skin. He continued to twist until he managed to get his fingers pressing down on the subdermal implant he had there which summoned the suit to him.
With clothing they also went slow, Peter wore nothing but pure cotton at first, only adding different materials as he grew more comfortable with them.
He told the senate what they could do with themselves when they demanded he hand over the suit and made Justin Hammer look like a total ass. Not that it was very difficult, the moron was just an ass anyway.
Norman snarled a curse as he saw Curien get hit by the car, he couldn’t follow the man, not without risking exposure, he just had to hope that the idiot bled out before help reached him, or that the car impact had killed him.
“Great, now take a seat and you can fill up on energy for the morning.” Steve said serving up breakfast.
“Suck up.” Tony growled at Steve, who just grinned and continued to serve breakfast.
“Can’t sleep, need t’talk.” Zach said, wriggling around until Peter had pulled back the duvet and allowed him into bed besides him. Zach burrowed down into bed and wrapped his arms about Peter, snuggling into him.
The two left, heading for airport, leaving Tony with Peter and Zach.
“No, this isn’t possible.” Steve whispered, “Peggy would have seen it, someone would have seen it and stopped you.”
“Now you two toddlers are finished can we watch the movie?” Natasha asked as if she hadn’t been egging the pair on.
“Gut instinct.”
Vomiting.
Steve felt his stomach clench at the sight, Peter had to have been there, which meant Tony had to have been there, so the two of them….No. No, no, no. He would not think it, would not believe it, they were alive and he was going to find them.
“He means crabs and other things like that.” Peter said.
“Alright.” Steve squared his shoulders and headed into the workshop, spying Tony doing something unfathomable with the suits inner wiring and scolding Butterfingers for getting in the way.
“We can follow the cliff face back around to the start of the landing strip and head back to the villa from there.” Tony said, setting his back pack down in the shade of a palm tree.
Zach sighed and looked to Steve, “Am I grounded?” He asked sulkily,
Things might have gone better, the combined efforts of the Avengers and Fantastic four did see to it that the Doombots and Doom himself were dealt with swiftly and the dictator was sent packing back to Latvaria. But, Tony and Reed got into an argument which was sadly caught on camera by several civilians, and Tony happened to say that, “You and Doom should just make with the angry fucking and get it over with, that way the rest of us won’t have to suffer the fallout of your UST.”
Ned shot her a pained look, “We have dicks too!” He protested, “Don’t insult them.”
“Kid that Tuna was out of date, that sandwich could have walked off the plate on its own.”
"Hey champ, you're back with us." He said sounding close to tears.
Tony heaved a sigh, “Well I don’t want a church ceremony. I’m not religious enough for that, so just an officiate will be cool. I don’t mind having the reception here, we’ve got enough reception rooms that can be used….” He trailed off, “Oh my God, we are so stupid!”
It was also great fun playing with Peter. The boy loved Lego and Tony had a whale of a time building Lego structures with him, spending a fortune on the sets so they could build all sorts together.
Sam like Steve was wearing more subdued swimming trunks, Sam’s in red, and Steve’s in dark blue.
“Please, I learned to drive in WWII, if I can make it across landmines without blowing a car up I think I can handle a porche.” Steve scoffed.
“Oh let him up, its already a circus in here, with loud mouthed, inappropriate, heavily armed, dominatrix wannabe’s” Tony cried, waving his hand dismissively,
“My God you’re pathetic.” Rogers spat, “No wonder you’re parading around with these queers and fairies. You call yourself Iron Man, you’re not even worthy to call yourself a man..” Rogers diatribe was cut off as a large fist met with his face knocking him clean across the room.
“What, Rhodey, permission for what?” Tony asked, his mind already running over the possibilities for their date and cataloguing his wardrobe options and whether or not getting a new suit would be best, if he asked Pepper, (Which he would) she would undoubtedly drag him on a shopping trip which would inevitably lead to him adding to her wardrobe too.
“Son of a bitch.” Tony spat, hating that he’d had an enemy under his nose once again. “I don’t suppose there is any way to trace the little bastard?” He asked.
Avengers Tower.
“If their parents agree sure.” Tony said, “They are both very smart so they would totally cut it for the academically gifted.”
“Close enough rugrat. Anyway,” He turned back to the school kids who were looked bemused and confused by the interaction between the famous Iron Man pilot and the school nerd. “Once Mr Potato canon had decided I wasn’t a thief, or any threat to his little sister, he graciously allowed me to stay and even allowed me the use of his lab and helped me fix the suit and my AI Jarvis.
“Before Ross starts invading elsewhere he’ll try and conquer America first.” Tony said, “Overthrow the government and take power himself. That’s his plan, that is what he intends to do, and then from there he can start attacking Europe, the Middle East, Asia, the whole fucking planet.”
“She must have taken Zach, she kidnapped him!” Steve raked a hand through his hair, “I let her up to the penthouse. She told security she might know something about this Mandarin guy and I let her in!” Sickness swirled in his stomach at the thought, “I should have gone downstairs, if I had, none of this would have happened.”
“Uh…” Steve stared at Zach and looked to Tony who was pinching the bridge of his nose, Peter on the other hand was laughing into his orange juice.
Peter had no reason to be rebelling from his family, yet he was doing so. Yes it was a good reason, or at least he felt it was a good reason? He wasn’t quite sure how to explain it even in his own head, and that confusion didn’t help the uncomfortable knot in his stomach any, but, he knew that if he told his parents what he was doing then they would stop him, investigate Osborn themselves and keep him on the side lines, refusing to let him be a hero until he was older.
“I want him to lose everything just like we did.” Wanda said smiling at him, “His family, his friends, his hope, everything and I want him to watch as he loses them and know that it is his fault and to hate himself for all the misery he has caused.”
Steve rolled his eyes, “Jarvis, what are Rhodey and the boys doing?” he asked, wondering if making a retreat now might be the best idea.
The Avengers said hello while Happy snickered at Tony’s wilting before Pepper’s wrath, which only grew worse as a thunderous Rhodey appeared.
“You mean you’ve still got some marbles left to loose?” Rhodey teased grinning as Peter greeted him.
“He might have intentionally brought them into his children’s lives but he did invite them in by publicly becoming Iron Man, publicly threatening the Mandarin, and being a figure of such controversy.” Senator Stern argued.
When Zach had happily declared that Steve was his new Daddy to the waitress in the ice cream shop, Steve had felt like his heart would burst, especially when Zach had said that he was the “Bestest Daddy ever!”
“Come in.” Steve softly called out, thankful that the bed covers and Tony’s body were managing to hide his burgeoning erection from view, although, Sam was military, he’d have shared quarters with plenty of Male Alphas and Betas, morning erections were such a common occurrence that no one mentioned them anymore than they did the freezing cold floors beneath bare feet.
The roombas and the Botts were perfect for this, the botts especially since it was a new game for them to play, running around the lab trying to avoid getting webbed by Peter. Unfortunately a lot of things got knocked over, run over, and covered in flame retardant as Dumm-E got over-excited and began to fire his beloved extinguisher back at Peter and anyone else unfortunate enough to be in the vicinity, which very often was Tony.
“You had a good day I take it.” Bruce said as Steve took a seat on the sofa.
“I could go and buy some burner phones?” Sam offered, “They can’t be traced.”
“If you ever even contemplate touching Peter at any age, even if he is 103, then I swear I was hack all your limbs off, rip out all your intestines, boil your carcass in oil, and toss whatever is left into an active volcano!”
“Now for the most part we just want you to do what you do normally.” The host said, “Go about your day to day lives as if we weren’t here. Try not to let the camera make you feel uncomfortable.”
“He’ll be alright.” Steve said, “The Doctor’s are confident he’ll make a full recovery.”
He’d watched avidly as Steve had bathed her in the brand new baby bath, eagerly joining in once invited and laughing as Lily had kicked her chubby legs, soaking them both in the warm water as she took her bath, seeing it as playtime rather than getting cleaned up.
“It’s disgusting,” Wanda spat, scowling at the screen, “Stark is using that man and baby for his own needs.”
There was no chance between him and Steve, he knew that. He was years older than Steve, widowed, a single Mother, and a fucking mess of emotional problems and mental health issues.
Gasping in pain Curien forced himself across the street and into an alley, stumbling as he went but made himself keep on going until he reached opposite street.
“Just as long as they never come anywhere near my family again, I don’t care what happens to them.” Tony said, rocking Lily back and forth, he was so taken up with the baby he didn’t notice the hush that had fallen over the room right away and when he did he looked up with a frown, “What?”
Steve’s attention was on Tony, working the releases on the armour to get him out of it. He winced when he saw the burns, the gnash, and the obvious break to Tony’s arm.
Not that it mattered. He had a job do, a mission to complete, and that was what he would do.
“Can I call Steef Daddy?” He asked.
“It’ll hurt.” She warned him,
Silently Sam joined Natasha, helping Clint get to his feet and supported his weight, for once Clint wasn’t arguing about being coddled, he allowed the pair to help him off the Quinjet, down the ramp and onto the hospital roof, where they were greeted by Doctors and guided into the hospital to get Clint into the emergency department.
As he had been an only child before Tony had adopted him Peter was more than capable of entertaining himself even without internet access beyond what was necessary for schoolwork so he made it through the week of his grounding without feeling too bored.
“That is all correct Friday. Can you now establish uplink to all of Sir’s communications and satellites?”
“Says the man who nearly set his hair on fire when he fell asleep while using the toaster.” Steve dead panned.
Pepper nodded, “Go home, talk to Steve, we’ll do this another day.”
Sam was roped into the next battle, this one being a water fight with water pistols, water balloons, Clint in the vents striking his victims from above, while Sam held his pistol like a sniper rifle trying to hit Zach and Peter as they ran about shrieking with laughter. The cats, after getting damp scurried off to dryer areas leaving the humans to their games. This battle went on until Clint accidently dropped a water balloon on Natasha. He then spent the rest of the day in hiding while Sam, Peter and Zach cleaned up their mess.
Happy New Year!
The others took a little longer, having to suit up and take a car as they had landed the jet at the airport away from the hotel. Peter begged to drive but was stuffed in the back while Clint took the wheel and put his foot down, ignoring red lights and swerving in and out of traffic to get to the UN.
As Peter had feared he had garnered a lot of attention, everyone stared at him as he walked through the halls, whispered to each-other and looked at him with intrigue, awe, curiosity, and outright fear. The last hurt because Peter didn’t feel he’d ever done anything to warrant fear.
Palladium poisoning.
“Look at him.” Tony whispered staring down at the wrinkled red skin of his new born Son’s face.
“Well as soon as you are I’ll be more than happy to tap your fine webbed ass.”
Sam made a pained noise and sank back into his chair, pinching the bridge of his nose. It wasn’t the first time he’d heard such a speech, there were just as many homophobes in the military as there were openly gays. Under normal circumstances he may have argued with Rogers, tried to correct him, but this was different to most people. Rogers was from a time when it was still very illegal to be gay, he’d been brought up believing that it was immoral and unnatural to behave in such a way. It wasn’t his fault for believing this, it was just the way it was.
For a few seconds there was silence, then Deadpool held up a hand, “Is it your time of the month?”
As his due date grew closer he had Happy run different route to the hospital to find the quickest and had Happy move in with him so he could get him to the hospital as quickly as possible. This also resulted in Happy waiting on him hand and foot as the large Beta was a fluffy teddy bear and got totally mushy when it came to a pregnant Tony and his future God child.
“She can’t be caught in this, get her to safety now.” Tony ordered,
“Of course.” Tony said, “And remember, if it does become too stressful for you, we won’t think any less of you for walking away. There is no point in making yourself suffer, you won’t be able to learn if you are stressed out and anxious, and I would rather teach you myself than have you becoming sick with worry.”
“No there isn’t” Rogers said, dismissively, “We destroyed the Chitauri, Thanos will not come here, he was probably killed on the mothership the nuke destroyed,”
It was already large and sturdy, the foundations were solid and the ground was level so building up and along would not be difficult.
“We’re keeping an eye on his Son and the relative he’s staying with, if Osborn attempts to make contact then we’ll know about it.” Clint said.
“She’s so beautiful.” Steve whispered, sliding onto the bed and put his arm about Tony’s shoulders, Vision quietly excused himself to go and help the rest of the team secure the base leaving Tony and Steve to have this moment in private with their daughter.
“Maybe we can start an arrangement between super-villains and heroes.” Tony said, sounding Breathless and Steve looked up at the sky to see him fending off half a dozen bots. “Schedule attacks so that we don’t end up dealing with each-others enemies or pains in the asses, and Victor Von doom is a giant pain in the ass.”
In those places people didn’t tend to order things that they actually enjoyed eating, they would order the most expensive items on the menu to show off the fact that they could, even if they hated what it was, they would eat it and make a show of doing so just to impress others.
“How about a hospital bed?” Tony repeated, “We could find a vacant room and… Hey!” Tony let out an indignant shout as he was set down on his feet.
“Do the dance to Star Spangled Man!” Clint stage whispered.
Clint’s face paled, “Fuck, I didn’t… shit Fuck!” he dove under the water joining the search for Tony.
“Oh fuck no.” Tony groaned, “I got huge enough with Zach, I’d be gigantic with two!”
“Honestly I don’t know how you manage to avoid getting arrested.” Steve said after they went through the third one.
“And have you seen what they’ve been calling you online since your Dad’s interview?” Ned asked.
Closing his eyes Tony lay his head on Steve’s chest, “What did I do to deserve an Alpha like you?” He asked snuggling into Steve’s broad torso.
Peter nodded hoping Bruce was correct, he’d never get clothes to fit with two more legs and two more arms!
Tony looked to Pepper who nodded, “I’ll get the wheels in motion,” she said, getting to her feet, “This should make for some interesting headlines if nothing else.”
Steve and Tony had tried to rally the forces that were left. The Fantastic four were now down to just Reed and Sue. Luke Cage was still standing, just, as was Vision. They allied with the remained X-Men and threw themselves into the final battle. The one that took Tony from Steve’s side.
The light fell so it wasn’t directly in Tony’s face and the man stepped closer revealing himself, a mid to late thirties African American, in good shape, wearing an army surplus T-Shirt and boxer shorts with a set of dog tags dangling around his neck. The man frowned as he looked closer at Tony, seeing the injuries he was sporting and recognising him.
“Lily-bee?” Rhodey repeated
The voice came from behind them and both men yelped, turning to see the smug looking Black Widow who’d crept up on them without either of them noticing.
“Damnit!”
Tony frowned at him but did as he asked, “Ready?” Maria said, Tony nodded, closing his eyes and let out a cry of pain as the bone was pulled back into alinement, he bit down hard on the spoon and squeezed Steve’s hand tight waiting for the pain to pass while Maria swiftly splinted his arm to keep the bone from going out of alinement again.
When they stepped into the room the first thing Steve noticed was that there was no Alphas. It was mostly women and betas. He was one of three omegas in the room. "The class is very much full of suburban moms," Aria warned him in a whisper. "In case you couldn't tell."
Natasha snorted again.  Despite her earlier warnings to Steve that Tony seemed like a jerk, she clearly had a soft spot for him.  Maybe just because he made Steve happy.
Steve had been shocked when they gave him his bank account details after waking up; since Steve had not technically died and had been serving as a soldier on ice, he was owed backpay by the United States government, and because of his age, he was also owed social security.  Adjusted for inflation, he'd ended up with over three hundred thousands dollars. For Steve that had an insane amount of money.
neither of them would ever be allowed to forget. Steve sighed, louder this time. "I'm sorry Tony. And don't say it's not my fault. I don't mean it is. I'm just...sorry. That's all," he murmured and his gaze dropped down to the floor.  "Does it-- does it bother you?"
"She's talking to Agent Rogers."
The meeting was taking place at a restaurant called Providence in Hollywood.  The traffic was awful, and with good reason; an entire block was shut down by police because of the king.
"No way, Steve-- no!  Tell him we're not his puppets... I'm not doing anything, I'm on vacation!" protested Tony loudly enough for Fury to hear him.
Tony crawled forward, pushing Steve's body down with his, wrapping his arms around his torso, gathering him up, holding him,
"Hey," Steve greeted softly when he saw Tony stir beside him. "Yeah. We're here. We don't have to go in straight away though, I'll just send Nat a text to set things up, okay?" He reached over to tuck a loose strand of hair behind Tony's left ear gently, a tender look in his eyes. He sent the text off quickly and then fixed his attention on Tony who was becoming increasingly worked up. Steve frowned a little.
