"Captain Rogers is experiencing some difficulties," is JARVIS' prim answer and Tony frowns. JARVIS knows Tony is absolutely no help in the kitchen whatsoever, so this must be something else.
Tony huffs, rolling his eyes. Looks like the angel stopped playing the game, which is kind of disappointing. Tony had liked their little back and forth, getting the measure of each other. It was almost like flirting.
"Game time!" Clint announces out of nowhere, and Steve perks up. He loves games, and he grins at Tony.
steps through the door. It must be the homeowner's son, and Steve is prepared to be gentle with him – sins of your fathers aren't transferable, no matter what Gabriel says – until the kid has the gall to try and bully Steve.
"Look, Terminator. There's no way in the seven realms you'll find the same treatment here as with those Hydra snakes. No restraints, no pain, no panic," Tony counts on his fingers.
Steve feels his face get wet behind his hands, but still he's unable to stop his thoughts, faster and faster they go.
to be saved? What if he likes being a demon? How do we know that there’s something worth saving other than your history, other than him leaving me unharmed - mostly, unharmed-  this morning?” Tony gesticulates more, his speech growing more rapid with every word.
So far seven cubes have fallen through the portal and just when Steve exits the quinjet he sees another one emerge, falling the sixty odd feet with a high pitched screech, and then bouncing back up at impact. Everyone braces themselves when the cube seems to come their way, but somehow the thing manages to control its course and bounces over to where the rest lay screeching amongst themselves.
As the toe-curling feeling recedes, he slowly collapses back onto the mattress, limbs loose and a dumb sated smile on his face. He sees Steve above him, sweaty and panting and he can’t help but pull him into another kiss.
Tony’s ass feels so much better than Steve could’ve imagined it would. It’s perfect. Steve could knead and massage it for the rest of his life and die a happy man.
Tony moans, arching up at the first real touch to his cock since the night began, his legs draping over Steve’s thighs. Steve’s hand is large, warm, and smoother than expected due to the working of the serum; it’s perfect.
"Don't know," Steve sighs and finally takes a sip of his drink. He almost answered Tony's questions, but if he goes after Bucky -- to save instead of kill -- he won't have the backup of heaven anymore, and he needs to keep his wits about him. "But I want to save him."
Still, he takes advantage of when the rest of the team is distracted and runs his nose along Steve’s jaw - the slight stubble tells him he’s not shaved today and Tony for some reason loves that he can let himself go with them like this - and plants a kiss on his jaw. “We can ditch the party any time you like, soldier. Just say the word.”
“As you can see, I’m a-okay.” Tony’s nose wrinkles at the unexpected assault and laughs with Steve, legs tight around his waist. “Onward, my faithful steed!” He calls out, raising a hand and pointing towards the elevators.
“Isn’t a hug a customary goodbye gift on your planet, Man of Iron?” Thor asks, sounding genuinely confused, but if the faceplate could narrow its eyes Iron Man would no doubt be squinting right now.
Yeah, maybe it’s better that Obie pushed him to get cleaned up and deposited him in his lab because if he’d been left to his own devices, Tony’s sure he’d be deep into a bottle somewhere in the ruined penthouse.
The kid stands gaping at him, and Steve takes the opportunity to step closer until he looms over him. "You
Steve’s answering smile is even brighter than the one before, and as Steve loses himself in talking about his painting, Tony loses himself in watching Steve.
Steve lets Tony prattle. Steve's surprised he's twenty-five -- he looks a lot younger -- but Tony's age doesn't do anything to diminish his need to be touched as he all but melts against Steve. Steve wasn't made for this. He was elevated as a warrior, a blunt tool. It's the angels' job to comfort and guide, not his, but damn has he been missing out and the
His weight is supported by his legs and Steve’s hand, and he pushes against the wall of the elevator to sloppily grind back against Steve.
“Tha- I - you- oh fuck me,” Tony groans, hiding his face in Steve’s neck. “We’re gonna test that out. Later. I’m gonna see how many times I can make you come and it’s going to be amazing but tonight I don’t think I have more than one in me so you better not give me ideas my body can’t keep up with, you sneaky sex machine.”
"You had a bet going on us?" Tony sounds a mixture of incredulous and smug, but instead of pursuing this he shakes his head and looks back at James and Steve. “Never mind, don’t wanna know. I just wanna take these
Steve’s eyes widen and he wipes at the indicated cheek, only adding to the mess. He seems to realize when he spots the paint on his other hand and he hurriedly holds down both hands, a delightful blush on his cheeks.
Sitting up, he gets his knees under him and shifts so that he is straddling Steve and takes stock of the sight below him.
Tony gives him a tremulous smile. When he’d opened the door in the morning, his godfather had taken one look around and assumed Tony had held a destructive party a la his younger days. The level of destruction and Tony’s hangover hadn’t really done much to disprove his assumption and it was as good a cover as any.
On one hand he’s glad Rhodey freaked out enough to call Obie to check on him - both because he didn’t want his best friend to take an emergency leave and come check on him and because he knew that if nobody pulled him out of his head in those few hours after waking up, he would have spiralled hard.
"I'm not here to kidnap you," he continues, folding his arms in front of his chest, "but to request your help."
The sound of repulsors overhead accompany the word being cut short, along with the feeling of a cattle prod to his chest.
It was barely used, the kettle, a gift his former butler had given him when he was shipped off to boarding school - a contraband that was a perfect symbol of Jarvis and Ana flouting the rules to care for Tony. He’d held on to it for purely sentimental value, busting it out only in the direst of times when he needed the comfort of the smell of steeping tea and a nostalgic routine that he’d learnt only through observation.
Swallowing the lump in his throat, he kisses down Steve’s neck, feeling the rasp of his five o’clock shadow against his lips. “I still can’t believe all it took to convince you to have your wicked way with me was some Asgardian booze,” Tony jokes, bending down to bite playfully at Steve’s nipple.
He works on maintaining a good rhythm, pulling up to the tip to tease the slit on Steve’s cock with his tongue before sliding his mouth down again. His hand follows his mouth, stroking the parts he can’t reach… yet.
"Hey you," Steve smiles and waves at the second bot, who chirps softly and rolls a little closer to Steve. "Done with your chore?" This elicits more exciting beeping, and Steve laughs.
“I’m sure it’ll come to you. Just remember that we need something to show to the board at the end of the month. I know you won’t make a liar out of me,” Obie says, squeezing Tony’s shoulder before he leaves.
"We could make them disappear," Clint says with a dark chuckle. He's lying on the L-shaped sectional, injured leg extended, the other folded at the knee, and a shockingly blue drink in his hand.
But then again, Tony was never the slow-down-and-take-it-in kinds. He's always the pump-the-gas-and-push-through-things kind. He doesn’t want to think of his latest heartbreak and the paradigm shift he experienced seeing proof of things beyond the physical material reality, and the way he lost his mind to lust and
With every new word James feels like he's losing part of himself. Every lousy inch he painstakingly recovered is threatened to blow away like soot after a fire, and there's nothing he can do. All that awaits is
Steve whirls around and whips out his sword in one fluid movement when suddenly there’s another male in the room, but he sees nobody. Is this the boy’s father? Did he bring the demon? Instinctively he places himself between the kid and the rest of the room, sheltering him from whatever comes next, as he scans the room for the next threat.
And James Barnes apparently has an unhealthy need to look out for Steven Grant Rogers, no matter his size.
The sudden vision of Steve in the shower helpfully blooms in front of Tony's mind's eye, but he's sure JARVIS would've just told him that, so he shakes his head to clear it.
"Now you fellas," James orders, because even in his hallucination he wants the best for Steve and Tony, and that's undeniably each other and not him.
"This is all," the artificial intelligence answers and an image appears. No, a clip. In it, a demon appears from thin air -- seen from the side -- not far from where they're standing now. Steve recognises the outline of its horns and subconsciously tenses for battle. But where the Soldier usually is muzzled and dressed all in black, he's naked now. The demon raises from a crouch and looks disoriented, in pain. It needs a moment to gather itself, it seems.
The sound from the video cuts out as JARVIS complies - and damn is Tony not going to have words about taking orders from random men with his AI - and the apartment falls into a heavy weighted silence broken only by the hitching breaths of the being on his knees.
The fools are easy to track. They think they're crafty, with their secret signs and elitist meetings under Hydra banners, but they're no match for James' skills. Never have been. But now he doesn't have to terminate some rival faction to further one of the power hungry sadists, now he can eliminate whomever he pleases.
Clearly something has to be done. The sad face Steve wears whenever Tony isn't looking, grates on James' heart like a stun gun to his left arm.
Coulson turns to regard them with his trademark agreeable smile and shakes his head. "Negative, Captain. There's no pattern to their entry, and apart from causing damage to the ears, the beings haven't acted hostile."
Before anyone can react the cube flops forward and completely envelops Steve for a second where he can’t see, he can’t breathe. His team’s frantic shouts on the comm cut off and he’s surrounded by sheer joy and happiness and sweetness and then it’s over, the cube rolls on and hops after the others, leaving Steve
It’s one of his closest guarded secrets, not even Rhodey knew about Tony’s little guilty pleasure. It’s his and his alone.
The kid's got spunk, Steve has to give him that, though he doesn't care for the attitude at all. He wonders what the lad faces on a regular basis to try and threaten someone easily a head taller and with a broad sword on his back. Steve's almost sure the boy knows about the summoning, and decides to cut through the chase. Every second dawdling here can endanger an innocent's soul.
Tony moans against Steve’s lips sitting up a little and they both take his shirt off together, leaving a dark undershirt which masks the glow of the reactor.
Moaning, Tony breaks their kiss to glance down at where his hand disappeared into Steve’s jeans. “Fuck, baby, you’re huge. Bigger than anyone I’ve ever been with. I can’t wait to feel all of that in me someday.” He punctuates his statement with a squeeze of Steve’s cock.
Tony’s nails dig into the meat of Steve’s bicep as pleasure rushes through him in waves. A wordless cry of pleasure slips through his lips and he feels the hot splash of their come all over his chest and stomach.
It startles a laugh out of Steve, and James clenches his jaw against the feeling of joy it elicits deep within him.
“Please don’t,” Tony groans softly enough for only Steve to hear as he takes a few long pulls of his beer.
"Maybe Tony can help," James offers as a last resort. If Steve is occupied with Tony again James can sneak away. And maybe kill some things.
he needs to explain they have the wrong boy, but no one ever listens to Sara Rogers' kid with his crooked spine and fanciful ideas. If you can't work the land you're a burden, simple as that.
No. No more. He flings himself away from that line of thought, and focuses on the memory of Tony surrendering to him willingly, opening up so beautifully, as he hauls the body onto his shoulder and throws it into a dumpster at the mouth of the alley.
"Come on, Bronco. Shake those hips, you know they don't lie," Tony teases, a fraction too late, and Steve turns red again.
Just thinking of Steve does weird things to Tony’s insides and he quickly moves through the space to the open door at the other side of the living room.
Tony pulls away with a grimace as the now sticky and itchy splooge all over them makes itself known. “I need to- We need to clean up. I can’t- I have a thing about textures and touch, I can’t relax like this.” He says, apologetically.
The quiet voice marks a decrease in light intensity, and James feels himself relax a little. Going by the look between Steve and Tony they noticed too.
For a second Tony falls quiet as well, but then they double over again, laughing so hard Steve has difficulty breathing.
“We’re gonna obliterate the rest of you,” Tony laughs in response, placing his free hand on Steve’s thigh.
“That was awful, Rogers,” he says as he wraps both arms around Steve’s neck, effectively ruining Steve’s cosy shirt with Tony’s overall chocolatiness.
the Iron Man armour from front to back, right before Mjolnir connects with the power source and the bot freezes.
“And you didn’t find anything in the troubleshoot?” he whines in response. He was really hoping to just fucking kick back, have a glass of wine, a longass bath, and get some sleep. Towards the end of the day, the various aches and pains in his body had started making themselves known, and while it excited him to feel out the hand shaped bruises on his hips, the soreness in his ass was kind of an issue given he had to sit through meetings without squirming.
“You know, I have a feeling you haven’t been to this world in a long time, not in the last few decades anyway,” Tony says, placing the wine bottle on the nearest surface and moving to the control panel.
Tony swallows his words, a fresh wave of guilt coursing through him at the thought that he was sympathising with a demon that’s probably laid waste to cities, that Tony was the one to set him free. Should Tony even encourage this kind of merciful crap? How many more deaths are going to be on his hands? However Bucky might’ve been with him, does that erase the decades of bloodshed following his trail?
“I’m tired, hungover, and sore from having drunk athletic sex with a creature I never knew existed and honestly, I’m tired of you asking me questions I don’t have answers to. So why don’t you do me a solid, asshole, and answer some of mine instead?”
“Tony named you his emergency contact,” Ginny explains as Bruce squeezes Steve’s shoulder. “Go, Steve.”
"Congratulations, you three," Natalia says, looking genuinely pleased -- an expression foreign enough to cement James' hallucination theory, until he notices Clint handing over money to Bruce.
but that was besides the point. The transaction was more or less the same. Although what the payment for that might be is something Tony really doesn’t care to think about.
“Please don’t ever do that again, I give up, you win, you are the uncrowned king of horrible innuendo. Please, please, please, never again,” Tony pleads, but can’t keep a straight face even if he tries.
He resists the urge to speed up and jog towards the elevator. That would be running away, and Steve Rogers never runs away from anything, ask the Smithsonian.
For the first time since he's regained his sense of self, James loses time. He gets immersed in the game, and at one point he finds himself actually laughing. It's such a foreign sensation, James startles and fumbles the catch.
When Steve is done with him, Tony sits up and takes the washcloth from him. “Let me.” Slowly, with careful strokes he cleans up the mess from Steve’s abdomen, taking his hands and cleaning those too, paying attention to every digit.
Steve barks a laugh and nods. "Way sooner than that. You're gonna wish I’d wear some regular clothes once in a while. People will confuse me with Wonder Woman,” he grins. Tony’s answering giggle is the best sound Steve has ever heard, and it makes him warm and glowy inside.
"I love you," Steve says without preamble, because there is no need for it. They nearly lost this, and he's not gonna waste another second of his happily ever after.
“Good question, my friend,” Thor nods, and looks around the room to see if he has everyone’s attention before he pats the cask.
"I read about this power smoothie online?"  Steve hedges, and Tony wonders what exactly was in it to make it this… pink and viscous.
consequences. He feels a hint of hardness underneath his thighs when he sits back to watch Nat obliterate Thor, her nimble fingers giving her an unfair advantage but no one’s going to bring that up.
Tony watches the shock on the guy’s face transform to anger before he tries to hide it - not the best poker face though, cause his anger is obvious in the clench of that jaw (you could cut someone on that jawline,
Steve studies the boy. He's like an angry little kitten, all hisses and claws, but ultimately harmless. Though it won't do to underestimate him. Steve takes in the bags under his eyes, the bruise on his neck that peeps above his shirt, the weary slant of his shoulders. It all pales at the look in the boy's eyes.
They’re both so close and as they approach the peak of their pleasure their words turn to gasps, breathy exchanges between their open mouths as their foreheads rest against each other, their bodies intertwined, unable to tell where one begins and the other ends.
Steve tries to keep from squashing Tony with his weight when Tony pulls him closer. He balances his upper body on one hand, while stroking them together and rolling his hips in the same rhythm. Everything they do together feels better than what they did before.
Maybe Jarvis can help his cause, so Steve wants to stay friendly. He turns back to the kid and offers a sad smile.
“What part of I didn’t know you guys existed evades your understanding?” He asks exasperatedly, “What the fuck even is Hydra? The only one I know is a creature from ancient Greek mythology which I thought
“Boo. I can handle it.” Tony huffs but acquiesces. “Steve, honey, I’m gonna go get myself a proper drink my feeble little human body can handle and then we’ll play some normal human version of Jenga - with wooden blocks, not trees.” he adds, shooting a look at Thor.
“Can’t wait to have you on top of me like this, pounding into me with that gorgeous cock of yours. Or have you
New screeching sounds and they all look at the portal for a new incomer, but nothing emerges. The cubes start screeching enthusiastically when Thor lands next to them, screeching back.
"Lover will do," Steve smiles, both cheeky and sincere and Tony melts, draping his arms over Steve's broad shoulders.
And the best way to please the board and their military contracts is to build more sophisticated things that go boom.
The screeching erupts even louder than before, and Steve holds his hands over his ears in agony. Immediately the aliens stop again, giving the impression they're waiting for his next move.
"Tell me it's not what I think it is, J," Tony mutters as he hurries to the kitchen. He is overtaken by another five roombas who are going the same way.
With every touch, every passing second, Steve feels the fog of the mead dissipate from his brain. Everything feels more real, more
"Captain, it seems one of their scientists inadvertently opened the portal that sucked them in. They are deeply sorry for any inconvenience caused and like to return home as swiftly as possible."
He has been trapped and bound for so long -- his mind pillaged and raped until nothing was left but a shadow following orders -- that being untied is daunting. He needs direction, or else he'll be lost and floating.
Steve weaves his way through the sea of bots, his speed making him hard for them to attach to, but still he isn’t going fast enough. Thor wacks the large bot with his hammer while Iron Man hovers and darts just out of reach of the unibeam the large bot has in a parody of the Iron man armour. The thing transforms as Steve vaults over… he doesn't even register over what when the large bot grabs hold of Iron Man and flings him into a nearby building.
Steve relaxes at the kid's explanation, and resheathes his sword with a decisive snick. Steve doesn't know a lot about modern technology. Just enough to get by and not stand out on missions. He hadn't realized humanity has managed to create intelligence yet, but he isn't surprised.
"J, what gives?" Tony leans his ear against the door to try and listen to what's going on inside, despite knowing he made the whole of this floor soundproof.
He folds in on himself, covering his face with his hands as the full horror of this revelation washes over him.
Steve bends forward imperceptibly, Tony opens his lips just a fraction, and then the waiter comes up the stairs, trips over the threshold and throws the exquisite tomato lobster bisque into Tony's lap.
It takes Tony jostling the guy with his foot for him to look up and he hands over the mug before taking a seat next to him on the curved couch, leaving a good five feet between them.
in that rare way that means he actually cares, he’s funny, smart, perceptive. He’s also a total slob, and a cheat and a rival to Clint and Tony’s level of sarcasm and teasing. He’s a sore loser and an arguer for the sake of arguing and Tony is madly, utterly gone over him.
"Now it's your turn, damnit," Steve giggles when his breath has returned to a normal rhythm. He’s stroking gently through Tony's hair where he's resting his head on Steve's stomach. To say Steve feels amazing is like saying Niagara falls are a nice water feature. He has never felt this good in his entire life, like this with his best fella in his arms, and he wants to return the favour.
“Yeah, I see it.” Tony says, eyes trailing all over the man – flitting across bright blue eyes, pink lips, the killer jawline, broad shoulders, bulging biceps, thick thighs and then back up again – or is he even a man? Or is he like….
“There’s still hope, Steve,” Nat coaxes him gently, her small arms holding up his bulk, and he nods. He takes a deep breath, and then another, and through sheer force of will straightens and walks with Nat to where a helicopter is waiting for them.
confession which Tony’s not thinking too much about or he might just shout giddily like a drunk madman- makes him want to have this gorgeous man all to himself.
“I - I don’t know what you want from me,” Tony says and he wants it to come out dismissive but some wires must get crossed somewhere cause he sounds
Steve doesn’t give voice to that thought, because he knows the kid won’t answer it. And he’s getting fed up with calling the kid ‘kid’.
If asked, Tony wouldn’t be able to tell how they got to this point. When faced with a mostly catatonic heavenly warrior, his mind must’ve run a subroutine he’d implicitly picked up from the Jarvises because somehow he’d strongarmed the guy into the nearest seat and left him there under JARVIS’ watchful eye as he dashed to the kitchen and started the kettle.
Round and round his thoughts go. The image of the huge demon overlapping images of Bucky Steve has held onto during his darkest moments, and reverberating through his entire being one word:
Steve thanks the nurse and rolls the one stool in the room next to the bed, and ignores her when she tells him she’ll collect him after fifteen minutes. All his attention is focussed on Tony, and on not breaking out in tears again.
"That was nothing compared to Budapest," Clint replies smugly as Steve's finishing the art on his cast: all of them as chibis with petticoats, as per request.
Tony is light and love and good, and Steve wants to show just how much he loves him. He picks him up with both hands again- gently, carefully, like the precious cargo that he is- and walks out of the elevator without crashing into anything.
," Steve smiles, feeling all warm and happy and utterly smitten. Tony is looking like the killer diller in his dress shirt and pants, his tan forearms on display with the sleeves rolled up like they are. Steve doesn’t know what it is about Tony with his sleeves rolled up, but he likes it a lot.
Tony is still bent forward near the table, and Steve takes the few steps that separate them and throws himself against Tony's back for a bear hug.
Tony looks up when JARVIS uses a pop up notification on his hologram that He-Man is out of his catatonic state. He’s still slumped in the same posture, his hands around the mug of tea and Tony’s certain that he hasn’t even tasted the damn thing.
He's not entirely sure what time it is, but JARVIS assured him Steve is awake and expecting Tony, which makes this visit even more legitimate.
Tony slides off the side of the bed, stumbling only slightly, and helps Steve kick off his soiled clothes.
. Still, it’s not enough for him to completely trust the angel either. He’s been testing him, Tony’s not gonna lie. There’s way too many variables in this situation and he needs to have more information before he goes and lays his own cards out on the table.
Steve shoots Tony a Look and Tony holds up his hands before pushing his sunglasses up into his hair. "Yeah, fair enough."
Swords? The Doombot shifts its arms and is now wielding two huge swords? If Steve ever gets his hands on Doom he’ll make sure how he feels about giant robots with swords invading the streets of New York. Thor and Iron Man are flying around and around, forcing the bot to spin after them in circles.
- and flicks it with super soldier precision into Clint's face who seems to be having a stroke from laughing so hard. How he manages to stay perched on the fridge is anyone's guess.
"They must've known," he mutters to himself, this fact too big to hold in the privacy of his head. Any way he looks at it, he comes to the same conclusion: They knew who Bucky was. They couldn't have not known. They knew who Bucky was, and specifically elevated Steve for the purpose of hunting his own best friend.
Steve’s brain flatlines. Or better, yet, his hindbrain takes over. Caveman brain. The one which wants to make love to Tony for days until they’re both sore and not capable of more than drooling in the mattress. He pulls Tony into another kiss, needing to claim this man as his own.
Getting riled up, Tony tries to give weight to his argument by poking the dude in his rock hard chest for no other reason than the fact that his self preservation instincts, if they ever existed, have taken a long holiday.
“Yeah, yeah, you can take it off,” Tony agrees, leaning down to kiss the edge of that boyish smile. “I trust you,” he murmurs against Steve’s skin. He barely stops another word to slip out in its place. No, it’s too early for that, he can’t, not like this.
After pulling Steven Grant Rogers from the murky depths of the Potomac, James' brain resembled something like scrambled eggs. He could barely tell up from down, and his nightmares played out in several different languages. There was no
Tony works more and more of Steve’s cock into his mouth, breathing through his nose, as he lets himself accommodate to the sheer size of him. By the time his lips touch the top of his hand where it curls around Steve’s base, he has almost reached his limit.
“Do you think we can take you home, Snowflake?” Tony asks, voice as gentle as his hands when James' breathing has become more regular again.
Not to mention how exhausting it was to give Rhodey some spiel about having ‘mistakenly’ called a service last night – before his call to his best friend – that catered to some very exotic tastes to explain away last night and calm him down. Predictably, his best friend
"Some Shakira, please, Jarvis," Tony grins and Steve shakes his head with an amused eye roll as he gives up on his pretense behind the couch and takes a seat again.
Tony takes stock of the man - nope, the angel? Really? Who knew angels were less Clarence from It’s a Wonderful Life and more Paul Bettany from Legion. Although, it’s a pity he’s not shirtless.
When Tony swallows it's suddenly too much, and Steve comes for the second time. He wants to pull out, but Tony keeps latched on like a… like something that latches really tightly and Steve lets himself go, shuddering all through his orgasm. The way Tony
They need an intervention. Luckily for them, James is good at interventions. If you can shoot the potus in broad daylight and frame someone else, a little get together between two pining lovers should be a piece of cake.
The aliens do resemble a sad huddle of stragglers. Maybe Clint is right, but Steve doesn't want to open a portal for an invading army, even if it looks like dessert.
“You don’t understand! I'm not safe, I'm never safe to be around!" Instead of agreeing like sensible human beings, James sees both Steve and Tony are gearing up to argue with him, and it needs to stop.
Tony’s mouth trails kisses along Steve’s jaw before placing a line of hickies along the side of his neck despite them both knowing that the marks won’t stay long, not with Steve’s healing factor. His nails scratch against Steve’s shoulder as he leans up slightly to bite down on Steve’s earlobe, tugging it lightly, “I want to
James gets up and sprints, jumping onto the next roof without making a sound. He's on the man before he's even opened the zip on his rifle bag, and James shoves his metal fingers between the man's teeth. Cyanide is all the rage these days, and James can't say he feels sorry he lets the man choke a bit as he rummages in his mouth, when across the street Steve beams as bright as the sun when Tony Stark arrives.
Tony is seconds away from going for the piece that he knows will guarantee stability despite removal - he has an engineering degree, he doesn’t know what they expected when they challenged him to a game based on physics- when two hundred pounds of weight crashes into him like an eighteen wheeler, draping over his back.
“Or else you’d have known that we, as humans, have already done and pretty much continued to do just that to each other. I mean for generations my family has been involved in making weapons for the military - bombs to blow up cities, bullets that tear through people like paper, drones to hunt them down like dogs,” he says, gaining access to the core protocols of JARVIS and rebooting the surveillance system.
"I love you, Tony Stark," he smiles. It's probably too soon to say it, but fuck it. He's not gonna miss this chance fate is kind enough to throw at him. Nothing like waking up seventy years in the future to install some yolo mentality.
Steve bends forward. "Thank you," he grins and all but jumps out of the bed. After a soft hint from Jarvis, Steve finds the towels and picks the softest one. He takes it, along with a washcloth and a basin of warm water with the nicest smelling soap he can find.
He cups Steve over his underwear, feeling out the length of him - his mind invariably running calculations about the length and girth- and rubs his fingertips over the cockhead where the fabric was soaked with precum.
, “How about we sit down and have a conversation like civilised men over a glass of wine,” he slides out a decent enough bottle of red from the rack and keeps a firm grip on it, “and you can tell me all about who you are, who you work for, and what you want from me.”
After one hundred and seventy three hours of this James snaps and punches Steve in the face. He has lived alone for the better part of a year, this hovering is bad for his already frayed nerves. Now Steve looks even sadder than Tony, a look which turns even worse when James tries to explain you don't sneak up on a brainwashed assassin.
“I’m okay,” Steve says, wiping slime away from his face and pulling off his cowl. “Just… very…” he lifts the arm with the cowl. Green slime slowly drips off in long stretchy rivulets.
for someone they barely know and don’t like? Who has ever planted themselves in front of Tony like that before?
But, age has gifted him with things like taking away his shamelessness and leaving him with knees that ache if he twists himself up in weird positions.
While he was slumbering there had been a clear disturbance in the aether that announced an arrival. His very essence was so used to alertness, so attuned to the aether he had woken at once. They weren’t close - they obviously didn't know exactly where he was - but close enough. Too close.
James shakes his head to force the unbidden memory away, and ignores how both Steve and Tony look at him as he drops into parade rest.
Good ol’ JARVIS, he thinks with a sense of fondness. He needs to get to the control panel, it’ll be better if he can get JARVIS his eyes and ears back.
He waits a second or two for the round of laughter to die down before walking into the common room which often, like today, became a nexus to which most Avengers ended up gravitating to.
“Hell, I didn’t even know you lot existed until I read some Latin off some dumb book, I stole from my godfather’s bookcase by the way, when I was drunk. You wanna know where your precious Bucky is? Well, so do I cause the dude owes me for damages - both to the penthouse and my fucking sanity.”
and how Bucky - the Winter Soldier - is going cause more destruction and the implication hanging heavy between them that it’s Tony’s fault. Again.
Steve can't say he's very interested in the game anymore, not with Tony sitting on his unmentionables. Almost sitting on. Brushing against. He knows he'll get drawn in as soon as it's his turn, but for now he's more than content to focus on pulling Tony just a
Tony gasps at the sudden derobing, fingers digging into Steve’s shoulder as he bucks his hips in response to Steve’s hands on his ass.
Steve understands he didn't have Tony's attention before, not like this. Tony's full focus is on him now, and it takes Steve further off kilter. He's used to being around beings that can literally see into your soul, but this is something else. Part of him -- the trained part -- wants to deflect and lie, but a new part wants to throw caution to the wind and see where it'll take him.
Every muscle in James' body is suddenly strung taught like he's being electrocuted, and he looks around with mounting panic to search for the source of the word.
Clint mimes zipping his lips shut. "What happened there is between Nat, me, and a drag queen called Rhonda."
"At ease, soldier," Tony quips. "This is a friendly get together between friendlies, not a mission."
Realising that the aforementioned warrior is waiting on his response, Tony clears his throat and throws his arms out expansively, “Tony Stark, at your service. Surprising you don’t know who I am seeing as you’re standing in the middle of my penthouse. And do you go by something that’s not as much of a mouthful cause that’s gonna get old soon, buddy. I mean you got the look down,” He adds, indicating the casual wear the dude’s wearing, albeit asynchronous with the sword, “but how about a more normal name like Paul or John or Ringo.”
"That's not the only pink I'm wearing," he whispers, before turning around and walking away, laughing out loud when Tony coughs.
“Yeah, no, I’m gonna veto that one. Seriously, I don’t need the Forest authorities up my ass too about you two uprooting trees to play a
His date is always late. His average late time is thirty one minutes and ten seconds. Once he was on time, but that was because they arrived together. Once he was late almost two hours, but Steve had gotten no less than three sympathy drinks out of it and James saw the waitress had been severely disappointed when Steve's date finally showed up.
There's more non verbal communication going on between Steve and Tony that James doesn't understand, but which sparks a sliver of hope James might finally be released from this hell.
“For once, I agree with Thor. I really wouldn’t recommend that, Tony,” Bruce adds, with a tone that invites no argument.
Steve kicks and thrashes with all his might in the man's arms. He's not even sure who's holding him back at this point, all he knows is that he needs to get to Bucky. He saw
“Can I dip my breadstick in your fondue?” Steve snickers against the skin of Tony’s neck and they both erupt in laughter, holding each other up.
"Yeah, we're all crestfallen over that. Thor, you're first against Clint." Nat all but orders the men.
Steve used to be a little envious of their relationship, thinking he would never have that in this new age. Now he pulls Tony closer, and before thinking about it, pulls him into his lap.
The cubes start bouncing up and down in what Steve supposes is excitement, when a world is revealed that could best be described as the inside of cotton candy.
In any case, even if he weren’t swamped with work, there’s no way he could’ve done anything to help the breakdown happening. It seemed to be mostly internal and Tony’s repeated calls to the guy had done nothing to garner a response, so he thought to give it some time while telling J to keep an eye on their guest.
Tony breathes a sigh of relief as the intruder and surveillance protocols are reinstated and JARVIS is back to full functioning. God help any other preternatural being that fucks with his AI.
Settling the prototype fabric he brought as a conversation starter onto his lap, Tony sits down to wait Steve out, luxuriating in the knowledge they’re going
Tony snorts before bursting into giggles at the absurdity of that statement, hiding his face in Steve’s neck. “Shut up,” he giggles, "
Steve barks a laugh. Every time Clint tells it, the story gets more and more exaggerated, and he suspects they maybe never even went to Budapest at all.
is worth saving, how dare Tony imply otherwise -- when Tony gives him a morsel of information. Wittingly, or not? It feels like Steve has been drawn into a game of chess where the rules are fluid, and he studies Tony's face for any clues.
Wow. Steve doesn't care one whit anymore what they're playing. Whose turn it is. All he knows is Tony is wriggling around in his lap and nuzzling his jaw and it's the best damn thing ever.
“Are you serious? That’s the second phone in two days! Jesus fucki-” He cuts off abruptly when the tip of the sword digs in further.
It's a nightmare. He has a hard time keeping them off him, their sharp pincers starting to wear down the inforced fabric of his pants and whenever he stomps two, there are three more skittering up the backside of his legs. Thor kills large swaths of them in one go with his lighting, and Nat and Clint punch small dents in the horde with the Widow Bites and 'Fun' arrows, but Steve is struggling and they’re wearing him down with their sheer numbers.
Tony pulls off Steve’s cock, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand, “Told you I’d make you see stars,” he teases.
James nods. "The tools. They used them on all parts," he adds to clarify, and waves his hand to encompass his whole body.
does right now, he thinks as he takes Steve’s pink nipple into his mouth, sucking on it and flicking it with his tongue. Something about
Tony waves at the corner of the workshop where a metal contraption is wearing a scarf and is waving with a football, next to one who is busy sorting screws.
He almost giggles when Tony does as Steve and presses a kiss to James' other cheek. The way Tony and Steve smile at him like they always secretly smile at each other only adds to the sensation his brain finally snapped and he's wandering la la land.
“Oh hey, welcome back to the land of the living. You uh, doing okay? Should I reheat the tea? Get you a blanket maybe? Wait – what did you just say?”
He throws his head back with as much force as he can muster and feels grim satisfaction when it connects with the man's nose with a dull crack.
"Cap, please stop whatever you're doing, they just fried three of my sensors with their tittering." Iron Man sounds annoyed, for as much as the speakers can convey Tony's emotions.
With that weasel safely deposited on new-SHIELD's doorstep, James hurries back, just in time to witness Steve and Tony's awkward goodbye in the common room.
“Hoped you’d kiss me this time,” Tony smirks but then he sighs and loses consciousness, leaving Steve to fight his tears alone as S.H.I.E.L.D. medics rush in to take Tony from his arms.
This is the third time in a row someone has tried to crash a Steve/Tony date, and James is not amused.
wooden blocks," Clint supplies helpfully, and Steve looks if there's something else he can throw at their archer, but there's nothing but his mug and he's not parting with that.
Tony hasn't been here since he designed the suite, and steps in curious to see how it looks now. He gave his teammates unlimited access to funds and resources to shape their little home away from home. (Not that any of them has somewhere to be apart from a dormitory in Fury’s hospice of wayward spies and soldiers. Except for Thor of course, who has
The soft touches are making Tony come undone and he squeezes his eyes shut, trying to quiet the part of him that revolts at his gentle treatment, that says he doesn’t deserve this care, these soft touches, especially from someone like Steve.
"You can call me Polemistés," he answers, and unfolds his wings. For a second the whole apartment is bathed in a golden light, before he pulls them back and takes up the guise of a human again.
Steve's hand shoots out at the projectile on its own volition, but he fumbles the catch and it bounces off his hand and onto the ground.
Tony bends down to lick a long stripe along the underside of Steve’s hard length. He gathers up the spunk mixed with the fresh drops of precum with kitten licks all over his cock.
“I thought I flattened you,” he snickers, and kisses Tony’s cheek. Or at least he tries to kiss Tony’s cheek, but his aim is off and he ends up squishing his lips against Tony’s nose.
"Wanna see you, Tony? Can I?" He looks up at Tony pleadingly. "I promise I won't squash ya," he giggles.
He pulls back to give Steve a wink, his hands having a mind of their own and running over his shoulders, down to his pecs, and lower still trailing along his abs.
"I forgot how big I am and how… how tiny you are and I love you so much but now I flattened you." He's vaguely aware that in the background people are having difficulty breathing with laughing so hard, but he feels like his heart is breaking- actually breaking- and he looks sadly at Tony.
“Don’t worry, take your time, cupcake, there’s no rush,” Tony soothes James, but he doesn’t understand.
"Portal is opening above Springfield," J.A.R.V.I.S. tells them as they troop out of the common area towards the quinjet hangar bay.
Nat and Ginny smile up at him knowingly at his confused frown. Only next of kin are allowed to see someone in IU, he knows from when Clint came home more dead than alive from a botched mission last year.
It's a lovely day; not too warm, but nice enough to go without a jacket. To add to the like list: watching kids playing football, and the new cotton glove for his left hand Tony gifted him yesterday.
A tinny voice comes from the little communication device that the kid dropped when he saw Steve. Without moving his sword, Steve squashes the thing with his heel. The kid's parents are out with the demon, and it won't do if the kid uses the device to call for their help before Steve can interrogate him.
“I promised you a blowjob, didn’t I?” He smirks and sheds the tattered remains of his own trousers before pulling his underwear down as seductively as he can and climbing back up between Steve’s knees, pushing them apart slightly to make space for himself between them.
No one can blame him for taking advantage and melting into the embrace a little. The dude is strong and warm and smells a little ozoney which is for some reason hot as fuck.
“Okay, seems like this happened after the integration, and the logs look clean so I don’t know what could-
"Hey," he smiles instead, and scoots a little closer to the bed, where he carefully slides his hand under Tony's again in a move already familiar to him. New is how Tony softly squeezes back, and how his smile turns even brighter despite his obvious fatigue.
and Tony feels out of his depth in a way he rarely does. Suffice to say he recognises the signs of an anxiety attack immediately, he’s no stranger to them. But he’s rarely in a position to comfort someone else rather than the one who hides when the anxiety hits and tries to grit and bear it.
He almost feels sorry for the goons when he eventually finds their so called leader, shitting his pants inside a file cabinet. You must be pretty desperate to pit yourself with a mangy bastard like this.
"I haven't lost at Scrabble for three decades, I'm giving you the opportunity to walk away with your dignity somewhat intact…"
“In a similar state to how you left him, Sir. Are emergency medical services required? I have no protocols for guests of a non-human nature.”
"I'm not sure what to say to that," Tony says after studying James. "A point could be made that nothing is real, shadows in a cave and all that, but I got a feeling you don't mean it in the philosophical sense…" Tony huffs a laugh his eyes don't share, and James feels sorry he blurted it out. Tony's eyes should always shine.
Over Steve’s shoulder Tony catches the rare sight of Dr. Bruce Banner, multiple PhD holder and one of the smartest men on the planet, go red and splutter nonsense words.
“Dummy!” Steve greets the strut on wheels, and the thing comes trundling forwards, making happy beeping sounds.
Getting back some of the resolve, Tony clears his throat. “I don’t have any incentive to help you other than your word. What’re you gonna do to you if I tell you? What - How are you going to stop
Tony’s parted lips beg to be kissed again, so Steve does, languidly. To him the urgent press of arousal has diminished, and he wants to take his time to explore his lover, but when Tony moves, his hard cock presses against Steve’s thigh, reminding Steve he is on a mission.
To the side Jarvis puts up a holo display to show "who will be pitted against who, in this deadly game of concentration and wood."
“Bedroom,” Tony pants, tilting his head to the side, exposing his neck, his fingers running through Steve’s hair. “Unless you cammm...can’t make that then I’ll just blow you against the wall of your choice.”
There’s no use in the charade and Tony’s a bit too tired to even try to play the double-speak game right now - not that the dude would appreciate that much. He’s too straightlaced for that, cutting to the point like maybe his sword would cut through Tony too if he doesn’t give him the answers he wants. But if that is in fact what he has to look forward to, he’s going to at least bring his youngest creation back to his former self.
Unfortunately when Steve lowered the flowers it wasn't to the sight of a perfect three tier three types of chocolate heart shaped cake on the pristine table in their pristine kitchen, but to… well. Even Tony with all his eloquence has trouble describing the sheer scale of the mess surrounding them.
"Sir has not," James turns to address the bot's camera. "I was created by Winifred and George Barnes, Dum-E Stark."
, but it's refreshing in a way he doesn’t recognize. He's used to being cold. Weapons don't get dressed, not even when they sleep in the coldest part of their master's fortress, but this cold is different, isn't bonedeep. It tickles the skin and makes his breath come out in little white clouds that are almost… joyous.
"You can restrain me," James offers. Sure, that will be horrible, but it's still within his mission parameters. His own comfort isn't important.
"You would never," Steve says with conviction, and it makes James both feel warm and even more annoyed. He does not deserve the trust. Never has. And as always, Steve deserves something better. Like a billionaire, genius, philanthropist.
Steve doesn't stop and suddenly lunges, pulling Tony tight against him. The absolute last thing Tony registers is the soapy, fruity mess he's now covered in, not with being pulled against naked Steve chest, and with beautiful Steve face grinning down at him.
“We talked about voicing this out loud,” Nat says, running her fingers through Clint’s hair with the arm she has propped on the back of the sectional, one foot propped on the coffee table.
“JARVIS, shut it down!” Tony shouts, watching in horror as the 6 foot plus frame of the guy who introduced himself as ‘
Tony chews on his lower lip as he decides how to respond. It’s a little startling to hear the concern in the guy’s voice. He doesn’t even know Tony and logic dictates that he be too worried about his
this relationship between them is so new that they rarely if ever are so openly affectionate in front of others, even if those others are their teammates.
"You're safe now, Bucky, we've got you, we've got you." Stevie rocks them as he tries to soothe James, but he can't, he never can. Not with the anchors to those words still lodged somewhere in James' head.
Steve moans when he pulls back. “You can’t… you can’t just say stuff like that,” he adds with a grin, feeling giddy and horny, and like he’s young and they don’t have a care in the world. That’s what Tony does to him, always.
Steve grins, pleased his remark made Tony all soft and happy again, not stuttering and grimacing like he was before.
He startles when someone touches him, but when he realizes who it is he uses Tony's voice and hand to tether himself to the present.
Maybe Tony had it wrong, maybe it was just the shock that made him act like that, maybe – a voice snakes in through his thoughts that sounds unsurprisingly like Howard telling him he’s
"I wanted to make you a cake," Tony starts again as he waves the cloth he ineffectually uses to try and clean his hands. "But, well, the dough was too thick for the white chocolate one, so I made that one anew, but that put me back on the chilli chocolate and the coffee toffee one, so I thought, what if I merge three mixers and power them with a tiny arc reactor?"
Steve stares at Tony's backside. It's such a good backside. Especially with Tony bent at the waist like that. Are boyfriends allowed to touch each other's backsides in company? He really wants to touch Tony's backside.
Tony moves towards the wine rack, keeping an eye on the blond. The guy’s either some arms dealer mob boss kinds or – and Tony hates that he’s even thinking this – another preternatural being. Either way, he’s dangerous.
Steve can't help the frustrated growl that leaves his throat and he wipes an agitated hand over his face. He's not equipped for this. They asked him for this case because he's one of the few able to best the Winter Soldier. This negotiating with sullen teenagers is
He pulls Tony higher to press gentle kisses onto Tony's face, causing Tony to giggle. There's still a bit of come on his chin and Steve licks it away.
Shuffling to the side pulls Steve from his thoughts and he looks up, momentarily disoriented. His tea is cold in his hands, and next to him Tony is sitting cross legged under a blanket, his fingers manipulating an image made out of pure light. Tony's face is lit up, his eyes shining and his fingers flying. He looks nothing like a dreaded summoner of demons.
James duct tapes the villain's mouth shut, and ties him up with a neat little bow, ready to hand over as soon as the date ends.
“You feeling the effects of the mead there, Chuckles?” Tony teases, bumping his shoulder against Steve’s.
Dislikes: That way Natalia smiles like she knows everything and she probably does which is the most annoying aspect, sushi, breathing while eating wasabi, everything about Steven Grant Rogers and Anthony Edward Stark, pigeons (don't ask).
tell me everything you know about the demon that was unleashed here recently, to prevent catastrophe and save your mortal soul."
“You’re… such a - a sap,” Tony mumbles and he buries his nose in Steve’s hair, wrapping his arms around his shoulders. He’s never let anyone get this close before, never let anyone touch it,
Hooking his fingers into the waistbands of both Steve’s jeans and underwear, he pulls them down as he moves lower still, his eyes greedily taking in every inch of Steve that’s revealed to him.
“It’s quite rude of you to not even tell me your name before requesting my help. If you wanted a meeting, you should’ve just called my secretary. There was no need for theatrics, handsome.”
Tony laughs at that, shaking his head, "I think I'm good for now. I prefer to destroy my enemies with facts and logic. And explosions." He adds with a grin as he fetches a beer from the fridge.
But Bucky had been nothing but kind to Tony and it wasn’t like he promised him anything other than a good fuck, but
Steve barks a laugh and gets going again. He has been called a lot of things, but he might like this nickname best so far.
James knew it wouldn't last, but he hadn't expected them to come this quickly. Cradling his love like he did, he had been foolish enough to hope for a brief respite. A day, maybe two.
“Sorry, Anthony, as hardy as you are, unless you’re actually made of iron I cannot give you this Asgardian drink. Especially not Fólkvangr’s mead.”
It takes him a while to reconcile the image of this broken down being on the floor of Tony’s penthouse with the firm jawed sword wielding warrior but there’s something so visceral about his pain that’s hard for Tony to ignore.
"How about Jenga?" Bruce suggests when he sits down again with a steaming mug in his hands. “We’ve played it before so everyone knows the rules and it’s lesser stakes than revealing private information.”
The pieces really are pretty small for Steve's hands as well though. "I would've liked this game back when I was sick a lot," he muses, and sips on his drink as he thinks about those long, boring days where he was stuck in bed.
If it weren't for JARVIS' acknowledgement of both the intruders, he'd think he's lost the plot. Angels and Demons, what even is his life.
"Okay then," Tony smiles, genuine and warm, and their lips meet just as the elevator announces Steve's reappearance with their lunch.
believe how long it takes for an internal audit plan to be passed by the board. I thought Tamika was going to skewer Henrickson with her pencil,” he announces, rolling up his cuffs as he walks into the room, smiling at the Avengers lounging in various configurations around the coffee table.
He’s even pulling a Burt Reynolds circa 1972, without the gratuitous nudity thankfully, lying on his side on the plush rug, head propped up by his hand, the other holding one of Tony’s biggest beer mugs filled with something that is definitely
"I don't think I technically count as alive anymore? Cause I died." He wonders if that's true for Bucky too, and realizes he knows nothing about how demons are created. Can't involve anything pleasant.
“While you morons were bickering, I set up the Jenga tower,” Nat says, standing near the coffee table with her arms folded. Even Thor is paying attention now, still sitting on the floor though.
He tells Tony about what it was like waking up from thinking he was dead. About the confusion and overwhelming grief, but how he found a new team who became his new family. About how one man gave him a
They don't know they are dating. They're clueless. Of all the blind stupidity James has encountered in the century he walked this unholy earth, this ranks in the top ten. Top three even.
And maybe, it’s the words, the way this being calls Bucky his friend, the way Bucky himself looked like he was carrying the weight of the world in his eyes even as he fucked Tony into the mattress, maybe it’s the kindness Bucky showed him last night when the world only showed its teeth but Tony wants to wipe this look off the guy’s face.
Their eyes meet in the mirror of the elevator door and Tony's whole face scrunches up until he lets out a snicker and Steve loses it himself. The corners of his mouth quirk up, and he lets out a huff, making Tony actually
Steve nods. How can you say no to a plea like that? Steve can't. Not when this is something he has tried to imagine on innumerable occasions. His imagination never came anywhere near. He never could've known how Tony looks as he eyes Steve's cock, never would've thought Tony would all but beg Steve for the favour of sucking him. Never even knew Tony liked him the same way until only a few weeks back.
"Ssh." Steve wipes tears from James' cheek he never realised he'd shed, with a tenderness that breaks James' heart again.
As quickly as he could, he had left a slumbering Pulchellus, vowing to himself to keep his lover safe at all costs, and sneaked away into the early dawn.
From behind the couch Steve shoots Tony the most lovesick look imaginable, and James understands why. Tony elicits in James the same combination of annoyance and awe Steve does, together with something else James has no intention whatsoever to explore.
"Nope." Steve shakes his head and wants to take another swig of his drink, but finds his mug empty. "Thor?" He holds the mug out to his teammate, who takes it and only has to twist his torso a little to reach the little tap on the barrel.
He smiles wistfully as a memory of him and Bucky playing hide and seek on the Barnes' farm resurfaces.
annoying. So much so, he all but completely ignores Tony, who reacts to this with the saddest pair of brave, puppy eyes James has ever seen.
Okay, so maybe he can’t resist shaking up this virtuous being’s world view a little. It’s his lot in life to be the scandal so why not fucking own it?
“Don’t worry, Thor, I’ll avenge you by defeating Little Miss Muffet,” Tony calls out as he makes his move.
“Sorry, lost in my thoughts. Just get the crew to clean up and give me an estimate on the time needed to repair the broken shit.”
is cut short with a whelp when Thor claps his massive hand on Clint's shoulder in a show of good natured camaraderie.
