offering him a seat or a cup of tea or any of the small courtesies that might have made the moment easier.
“Who gave you the idea?” asked Sherlock softly.
What with one thing and another, by the time Lestrade arrived minutes later John still hadn’t been frisked – which meant that no one had discovered the gun he’d tucked back into his trousers once he’d got hold of Minnie’s.
“I didn’t enjoy it with Victor, but I did with you. Unless that was a fluke?”
certainly remembered.
She stepped back slightly but then snuggled in against Sherlock’s side. Dexter, on Sherlock’s other side, wrapped a proprietary arm around Sherlock’s waist. Sherlock nipped Dexter’s earlobe, nuzzled Janine’s hair and smiled happily. It was... bizarre. Hot. Bizarrely hot.
“Thank you. I’ll be in touch this evening.”
To look at him and Sherlock, though, anyone would have thought they were friends having a pleasant conversation.  Right up until the moment that the stranger put his arm around Sherlock’s waist and Sherlock stiffened.  Under other circumstances John might have thought that the stranger had made an unwanted pass.  Under these circumstances...
he knew as his husband, to correct Angelo.  Sherlock, however, appeared to be studying the menu, so John made the attempt.  “I’m not his date, I’m...”
“You want me there to try and restrain Sherlock. Greg...”
Sara laughed.  “I cheated a bit.  I used – oh, I have something of yours!”
“You’re sure about that?  I could take the sofa...”
John didn’t want to look at them, couldn’t look away
“Should I ask?”
Christ, thought John, didn’t
want to – both ways.  At least to try, I can’t make any promises.  But we’ve got plenty of time to experiment.  Anyway, Harry’s always telling me that sex doesn’t require penetration to be real sex.”
Ivan watched, mystified, as she drew from her sleeve – two feathers.  One was gold and somewhat sooty.  The other was crimson and matted with dried blood.
Angelo continued to ignore Sherlock as he told John, “I’ll get a candle for the table. It’s more romantic.”
.  So I abandoned you at the crime scene to work it out on your own and instead you came back
explanations, and that takes time. Forced to choose between explaining and saving your life, John Watson, I will
“That will do.”  And with no more warning, he grabbed the cord around Ivan’s neck that held the tsar’s signet ring and began to tow Ivan towards the table by it.
Two voices cried out in the moonlight.
He was swinging an axe at the trees that blocked his way, fighting to climb the narrow path up the hill, to get to the top of the hill where the flames danced but these were not
band.”
“Drat! I specifically asked him if he’d told you and if you were okay with it. I’ve told him more than once that I never want to be a party to anything like, like, well,
“His mother wasn’t the only reason.”
at least agrees with me that this sort of thing should
“So you snuck out while I was asleep.”
idea.  The sex was consensual and the cocaine was, as I mentioned previously, enjoyable for us both.
“What does the tsar look like, then?” Blond-beard asked.
She apparently recognized him as well, or at least her eyes widened slightly when she saw him. Then Lestrade stepped forward and she turned her attention to the DI.  A gangly teenage boy, presumably her son, trailed sullenly in her wake, trying not to trip over his feet.  He’d apparently undergone a recent growth spurt, for his wrists dangled from the sleeves of his black windcheater.
“Gospozha Pekarnskaya?”  Ivan stepped forward into the circle of light, that she might see him.  “My name is Ivan Watovich Stolitsky.  Manya Bocharova sent me.  I have a sack of rye flour for you, and would ask your advice.”
An elderly boyar from Grud’gorod knelt to make his oath.  As he rose to his feet – with some difficulty – he spoke out in a carrying voice.  “If I may be so bold, Your Majesty, when does the tsarevich ride forth?”
John sat up. “Hey,” he said, placing a hand on Sherlock’s hair. “Bit overwhelmed?”
When John came out into the sitting room the next morning, the first thing he spotted was Sherlock asleep on the sofa, his head and shoulders propped against the cushions at one end and his hands folded on his stomach.  He’d changed out of his suit into grey pyjamas and a blue dressing gown.
“You were upset when you returned – with the car. So you encountered Mary, who gave you the keys.”
“Who had not been instructed to guard against my best friend’s wife and would not have thought it suspicious if they spotted the doctor’s wife, the trained nurse, doing something with my IV. Janine fiddled with it for nothing more than a bit of malice. Mary had more urgent reasons.”
wide enough for this maneuver, but it was worth the awkwardness to watch Sherlock’s pupils bloom open.
“Watson.  Please board the London bus.”
“Is a rich and powerful man, possibly with close ties to the imperial family.  You wear his token on a cord around your neck.  Probably a signet ring.  You’re not his heir, or at least you don’t want to be, therefore you’ve got at least one sibling, gender indeterminate.”
John managed to stifle a laugh, but he couldn’t keep from smiling, and Dexter flushed. “Sorry, that didn’t come out right. I mean, you seem very confident, and I’m... not. But I’m working on that. I’m, ah, I’m actually meeting a beta-omega couple for dinner. I met them at FACTS in September.”
“Clean plates coming up.”
“I’ll work on you all right,” John promised with a grin. “And stop laughing at me!” He slipped one hand behind Sherlock’s cock to fondle his balls, tugging slightly. Gratifyingly, Sherlock did indeed stop laughing in favour of gasping.
should be more open with
.  Now, go!”
John didn’t bother asking if Sherlock knew.
at New Scotland Yard will answer the phone, refuse to listen to me and either hang up or at most grudgingly consent to leave a note on Lestrade’s desk.  Meanwhile the opportunity will be lost!”
“Ta.”
He really had a lovely mouth.
You may need to re-start my heart... on the way.” His knees buckled.
“He wasn’t
Soon after he finished eating, the long day’s ride began to catch up with him.  Marfa Hudovna smiled at his yawns and showed him to a spare bedroom, where a fine featherbed waited for his weary body.
“Not far from here, actually. Come on, it’ll be faster to walk with this traffic.  And John?”
After Ivan had seen to his stallion’s needs and washed the dust of the road off his face, he went out to the barn.  In the dim interior, he could just make out Sherlock, perched on a rail towards the back with his face turned away from the door.  Loose feathers littered the straw.
, but Sherlock would be wrong. John had observed. He just hadn’t allowed himself to think what his observations meant.
John slammed his mug onto the table. Milky tea sloshed out.
Lestrade looked sour.  “We don’t have it.”
“Sorry, I haven’t got any.” When Sherlock glared pointedly at John, Smoky started laughing again.
“Is yours,” Sara replied firmly, and she handed it to him.
John was grinning, and Sherlock grinned back. He took another breath and went for a second pirouette, but this time his toe caught something on the sidewalk and he stumbled. John caught him without thinking – and then found himself holding an armful of warm Sherlock, chest-to-chest. Sherlock’s cheeks were flushed with exertion and his eyes were wide. They stared at each other.
John was just finishing the washing up when Sherlock came into the room holding some sort of package.  Something heavy for its size by the way he held it.
“Learning to dance for social purposes was encouraged – required, actually – but to perform on stage...  It’s perhaps just as well that my interests changed direction yet again.  I think, however, I can still do a pirouette.”
“Humans,” sneered Sherlock, his gaze icy beneath his crest of black feathers.  Ivan was startled to realize how quickly he’d grown used to Sherlock’s strangeness – until Sherlock himself reminded him.
They finally entered a neighbourhood of blocky high-rise buildings which the driver claimed represented the outskirts of London.  “New buildings,” he explained.  “They built new buildings just for you.”
“No. I simply haven’t had much use for it in recent years.  John, the first time we attempt penetration, I should be the recipient.  You at least have experience with women.”
“Eh, Johnny, remember the night before you left for the army?”
“Gertrude. Sorry. But my carrymum’s name was Sophia.”
“...but the police don’t go to private detectives.”
In one smooth series of motions, Ivan plucked Muircheartaigh’s heart from the case, bent to lay it on the stone floor and touched it with the tip of the golden feather.  The heart burst into flame – and so, with a shriek, did Muircheartaigh.
John blinked.  “I thought you were just being a brat.  Would she really...”
“This won’t be the first time my job’s been on the line because of Sherlock Holmes, remember? The last time worked out pretty well in the end. Worst comes to worst, Deanna and Sean earn enough to support the whole family.”
Sherlock started to head for the sofa, but John intervened. “Stop right there, Sherlock. If you can make tea...”
“It’s a bloody dynasty,” commented John.
“You weren’t going to call her anyway.”
The tower groaned beneath their feet.  The floor pitched as if it were the deck of a storm-struck ship.  A hanging fell to the ground, revealing a crack in the wall behind it.  Ivan ran to the chamber’s door and unbarred it, only to be met with a roar of flame when he threw it open.
,” retorted John, settling into his chair with own mug.
“Who?”
Eventually Lestrade showed up bearing two cups of coffee, one of which he gave to John. It was horrible coffee, but it was hot and caffeinated. John drank it with gratitude.
“Well, they say that opposites attract,” said John lightly.
“What are those?”
“He’d been doing so well on his new meds,” said Miranda sadly, so softly she was almost speaking to herself.
A few moments later, John stood next to his suitcase and duffel, studying the house as the bus pulled away.  Right, then.  Forward march, soldier.  If he could stay here the night, he could get this mess straightened out tomorrow.
“Tyler...” began Lestrade, but Sherlock shifted slightly. John caught the quick furrow of his brows and the infinitesimal shake of his head.  Apparently Lestrade did too.  “Ms Caustlin, we’ll want to ask Tyler a few questions later, but for now, did he have anything unusual to report?”
“You do realize that anyone else who happens across your markings will be able to follow them back to your hiding place?” Sherlock commented.
“Hold on, she didn’t sound American?”
1)	In life as we know it, most male marsupials don’t have pouches and the ones that do use them to store their genitalia, not their young.  However, for purposes of this story I needed beta males to have pouches.  I regret nothing.
“Our plans depend on your decision,” Sherlock noted.
think you need to relax. And I think I can help you do that, mmmm?” She kissed his neck again and began to stroke his chest. He hadn’t bothered with a vest or pyjama shirt. Her hands brushed his nipples as if by accident. They both knew that wasn’t so.
“Was Scott a family name?” asked Greg.
“It took a bit of getting used to, but I like being close to her. It feels as if we... know each other better, if that makes sense?”
Sherlock eyed him curiously, almost started to smile – and then focussed on something over John’s head, apparently across the room. “What’s
“Recent torture is not an ‘excuse’!”
“Mr Holmes. Don’t bother to return to reprints you removed from the lab after you got me out of the room.  I’ve already obtained copies – and re-read them.  I take it that our vandal was that poor bastard who had his hand amputated after that muck-up of Blessington’s four decades ago?  Robert’s still feeling guilty over that.  God knows why, as he was only a graduate student at the time and it wasn’t his decision.  Still, I’m not surprised that he had the university drop the charges.”
John’s betrothed was nowhere in sight.  A line of servants hovered behind the lord and lady, and off to one side there stood – or rather, sulked – a boy.  He couldn’t have been more than thirteen, although he wore the suit of an adult man, slightly too large for his skinny frame.  He barely reached John’s chin.  His mop of curls almost hid his eyes but failed to entirely hide the acne on his forehead.  John would have bet a quid that under the legs of his long pants, the boy’s knees were scabby.
“There was a brawl in the local tavern.  Boris was involved.  Afterwards, one of the other men who’d been there turned up dead.  The circumstances weren’t clear and all sorts of rumours were flying about.  One of them was that Boris had killed the other man.  I couldn’t help thinking that if this were proved true, Boris might be executed for murder.”  She looked at Ivan defiantly.  “I’m not ashamed of thinking that.”
“Was Mr McKinsey the only experimental subject?” asked Sherlock.
“Or you can save everyone time and trouble by listening now.”  The man began to walk towards John.  “Most people blunder round this city, and all they see are streets and shops and cars.  When you walk with Sherlock Holmes, you see the battlefield.”
John was a good ways down the block when something prompted him to look back. A large luxury vehicle had drawn up in front of 221B. Four men exited. Three wore dark suits. The fourth, a tall, fair-haired man, wore a light grey suit and an air of disdainful indifference.
“I assure you, I’m not.”
, that was
During intermission, John spotted a pile of brochures with the LSO’s schedule for the rest of the season. He pocketed one. If this might be something that Sherlock would like to do again, John was all for it.
“No, there isn’t,” said Caustlin shortly. “Look, Mr Holmes, if you’re trying to imply something about my son, you can stop right there.  Tyler
“How touching!  Still trusting our Vanechka at your back, are you?  He stabbed one of my guards from behind, you know.”
know what you were going to do?”
“They’re eating... the food is fine...” continued the tech.
“I’m fully recovered.”
Ivan couldn’t help laughing, mostly at himself.  “Sara Dmitrievna, this is
Here we go, thought Ivan.  “I bring a message for the mighty lord Mur-kheyar-tikh.”
“It is a brave offer, my son,” intoned Watt gloomily, “But the nobles are already restless.  For now they watch each other, waiting to see who will make the first move.  But if word gets out that we plan to set a commoner beside you on the throne, they will unite and rise against us.”
“Enough to buy a cottage in Sussex,” said Lestrade, coming in through the door behind them. “Donovan’s heading down there as we speak to ask her some more questions. Up until now we’ve been assuming that Sherlock was in Magnussen’s office for a meeting, but if Ms Hawkins is this pissed off at him, that puts a different face on it.”
Silence.
“Weapon?”
“Jabez Wilson was a bachelor and almost 70 years old.  His only surviving family is a brother in Carlisle.”
“The man you’re here to meet tonight isn’t coming.” Sherlock, thank god, had come up behind the blonde’s shoulder.  “This isn’t the first time he’s stood you up, but it’s the last.  You’ll find him unavailable after this.  The lackluster quality of your sexual relationship isn’t enough to make up for the fact that it’s become obvious you’re not soulmates.  John, we’re leaving now.”
Lestrade was grinning. “Jinxed yourself there, mate.”
“You’re going out.”
Clipboard Man never blinked.  “He’s a doctor.”
was David! John clasped his hand firmly and made deliberate, prolonged alpha-to-alpha eye contact. David dropped his eyes and scurried off as soon as John released him. So much for David.
Sherlock’s carrymum nodded. “He needs a bit of that.”
“Great, yeah!” he blurted. “
“Can’t say I’ve ever tried.”
The dark mood was broken by Angelo’s arrival.  “Can I interest you gentlemen in dessert?”
John reached for him, but Sherlock stepped away. “You’re still over-dressed,” he pouted. “Or don’t you know yet that I enjoy looking at you too?”
“I don’t want children.” Sherlock’s voice was quiet in the darkness. “But I – I find I want to carry your child. And it will have Mary’s genes, too. It can’t be all that unintelligent.”
“It depends on what you’re looking for.  My name’s Misha, by the way.  Mikhail Mikhailovich Kamen’brodsky.”
“Right, but at least they can do their share in carrying the newborn while it still needs to be in the pouch – keep it warm, help it breathe, all that. Well, amarsupial infants are born being able to breathe and stay warm on their own. They still need their mothers to nurse, but they don’t really need their fathers for anything.”
Sherlock stared and then chuckled.  “John, you continue to surprise me.  Umbrella Man, indeed.  But he
“Familial inflation?  What’s that mean?” demanded John.
She took a breath. “Mr Holmes is most definitely alive. He’s not out of the woods yet, but there’s no reason he shouldn’t pull through. I just wish I knew how he did it. He suffered a gunshot wound to the chest in precisely the right spot.”
God, thought John, dinner? With all three of them?
“Maaahhhhhh! Maaahhhhhh!” said Madeleine. Up until now she’d been reasonably content. Now she started to screw up her face and kick. Hard.
But Sherlock replied quite seriously.  “Humankind’s opinion of itself of overinflated.  Various other animals are at least as interesting – if not more so.  Personally, I find bees fascinating.”
“We don’t have
Ivan took a deep breath and opened the case.  Inside, on gleaming silk, lay...
“Dates, is it? That’d be why he’s so chipper, then. How many dates has it been so far?”
“Oh, so lovely!” Angelo grinned as he relit the candles. “Laughter is what keeps love alive.”
“Breakfast, dear,” replied Marfa Hudovna, and she opened the kitchen door and looked at him expectantly.
“Dr Foucault? Sherlock Holmes.  Will you be at the university for some while yet?...  Yes, it’s in connection with the case...  Excellent.  Dr Watson and I will be there shortly.”
Trigger warning: This chapter contains discussion about a past incident in which a 14-year-old and a 20-year-old were placed in a potentially sexual situation.  Neither of them wanted to be there, and no sex
“Sherlock, are you sure?”
Clomping footsteps sounded on the stairs, heralding the arrival of two boys, a teenager with John’s suitcase and a younger boy struggling with the duffel.
,” teased John as he stroked the soft, swollen pouch.
“Now how would you come to recognize that?” Pauline asked warily.
“You journeyed, and you found Sherlock.”
“Aunt Martha says to tell you that she’s not your housekeeper and the tea will be up shortly.  Put these in the bedroom?”
“I’ll take your word on that. Anyway, Tim – the artist – he’s working up a band-based collection of designs.  Some to hide it or at least de-emphasize it, others to kind of take it and make, ah, a new statement.”
“A suggestion I followed.”
Ivan requested horses and an escort of soldiers for a journey to the capital, then sat up late that night writing letters by lamplight to his father, Harrieta and Uilleam an t-Moireach.  He asked his father to render his companions all assistance in returning to their homes or wherever else they might want to go.  Andreyev had already declared, with surprising ferocity, his determination to return to his former lord’s castle and to find out what had happened to his wife.  Tyuleneva had declared – and this was no surprise – that she would accompany Andreyev.  Ivan suggested in his letter to his father that it might be appropriate to lend the pair an armed escort as well, in case Tyuleneva should need back-up.
his words sinking in, they were absorbed so slowly. Finally Sherlock kissed the tip of John’s nose and stood up, staggering a bit. His close-fitting trousers hid nothing.
Sherlock didn’t bother looking up from the laptop. “Behind the dresser in the upstairs bedroom.”
When Marfa Hudovna woke him, Ivan was somewhat embarrassed to find that he’d dozed off.  What was left of the afternoon went by quickly and peacefully.  He spent some time with Bezimyan and then helped Marfa Hudovna weed her vegetable garden.
“Well done,” said Ivan drily.
“You’re smiling... Ah, nostalgia,” observed Sherlock.
“Or women with gold bands and ex-husbands,” Greg continued. “You get to know what to look for, what to say to let her know you’re in the same boat.”
“I can’t keep this child alive on my own once it’s born, John. I might be able to nurse it, but outside of a hospital I won’t be able to keep it warm or help it breathe – and I don’t dare go to a hospital.”
Cheered, John stopped by to say hello to Mike, who had enough time free to take John around for introductions to other staff members he’d be working with.  Everyone was curious to learn more about John’s background, resulting in a sort of rolling group conversation that went on so long that John ended up going to lunch with his future colleagues.
“Want to reclaim our old room?” he asked softly when they finally came up for air.
did.  I hope you won’t be needing your cane again soon.”
“The regiment stationed in London?” Sherlock prompted.
John blinked. The pen drive? He couldn’t even remember the last time he’d seen it or where it might be.
“The same way I imagine you’d look at another alpha who’d come courting your beta,” Dexter replied bluntly.
“Inspectorate of Housing!  Open up!” a male voice bellowed.
“It rained in London yesterday.  There’s mud on the corpse’s shoes.”
The call was from Sherlock.
Still, John put on a brave smile as the credits rolled and Sherlock announced that he’d like to see the film again “in case I missed anything even though of course I didn’t.”
He heard her freeze on the door step. She’d know someone was here. And she’d know how to move almost soundlessly.
“I won’t even be able to turn on my own. You’ll need to do
“Umbrella Man!”
Ivan stared as the tendrils of doubt that had taken root in his thoughts the evening before began to grow again.  Sherlock had, in fact, told him very little – and that much only in response to Ivan’s direct questions.  When Ivan had said he was on a quest to find a sorcerer, Sherlock had snatched Ivan into the air and brought him here.  Caught up in the thrill of flight, Ivan had never thought to question how Sherlock knew with such immediate certainty
“I needed...”
They got coffees, ordered their sandwiches. After the waitress had left, John took a long pull of his coffee before asking, “So, the new laws?”
Greg was still shaking his head as they walked away from the pair of graves.
sounds ‘highly unlikely.’”
“Perfectly valid,” said Sherlock crisply. “Prior to your marriage, you dated female silver-bands exclusively.  There would have been no point in attempting to discuss other options.”
And there was another image John’s mind didn’t need. Him and Sherlock, tangled together amidst the ruins. In his mind’s eye, they were wearing nothing but icing and crumbs.
“Hold on there, Vanya!  I don’t see
Oh, and
the freak told me my ‘job’ was to ‘distract the guards’!  As if I were some floozy in a low-cut gown, good for nothing else!”
used me as window-dressing...”
Sherlock returned to his file folder.  So much for telling John what was going on.  Shaking his head, John took the groceries into the kitchen to put them away.
“Won’t Mycroft be able to figure out what you’re doing?”
What?  John stepped out of the lab into the corridor, but instead he found himself on the stoop of the house he’d shared with Mary.  Two men in black suits awaited him.
jinglebell because her
Sherlock was watching him, eyes dark, high cheekbones flushed. “John,” he breathed.
The next day, Sherlock Holmes came home to 221B.
“What did you do?” demanded Ivan as he picked up his sack and looking glass, “Apart from spoiling my attack, that is.”
“Fifteen.”
“You’re babbling.”
John took a deep breath. “I need to know when you were tortured.”
The fog of John’s weariness suddenly evaporated. “Immediately after you shot him,” he specified, just to make things perfectly clear.
“Fine, then, but we didn’t have any chimpanzees or gorillas in the classroom. What we had was a lot alphas and omegas whose pre-pouches were either atrophying or atrophied
“...about which John has already been partially informed.”
He felt no pain and no fear as the flames encircled his hips and groin, stroking, grasping, licking, rubbing, heat without and heat within, ever rising, ever building until he was shaking with it, the heat and the pleasure.  He knew what the flames said now, they said vanyavanyavanyushhhhhhka and Ivan threw back his head, his body clenching all over...
“Set the feather down, for you’re going to need both hands.  Good.  Now place one hand on either side of the line, and pull the two sides gently apart.”
“Flatmate needed immediately, central London, all mod cons.  Must be tolerant of sexually adventurous lifestyle.  Willingness to participate a plus.  07623 207080,” John read.
Ivan, his anger already cooling, refrained from saying an apology wasn’t necessary.  To do so would diminish the authority Sara Dmitrievna had obviously gained.
John watched her go and then turned to Sherlock.  “How’d you guess all that about me.”
“Correct.  The way the other items are arranged on the desk indicates that a laptop usually sat among them.”
Feeling a bit foolish, Ivan pulled the sack out and reached into it.  Just in case it might help, he closed his eyes and wished for hot pirozhki, but his eyes flew open again when his fingers touched smooth ceramic and – a bundle wrapped in cloth?  He laughed softly to himself as he drew out a familiar earthenware jug and bundle.
John startled and then cursed himself.  No way his interrogator hadn’t caught that reaction.  “Nothing.  Ask CSIS.”
A good marriage.  Right.  Such a good marriage that Andrew’d made it for John instead of one of his own sons.  Such a good marriage – but Andrew would make marriages for his own sons that assured him of grandchildren.  If John’s marriage was barren, what of that to Andrew?  Less competition.
“May I see?” he asked.
me,” Billy protested.  “He asked me if I wanted to go and I said yes!”
. Morning, Mary. I see you found the bacon and eggs.”
“I’m beginning to see the advantages of the sofa,” admitted Sherlock after he’d caught both his balance and John.
“Or not. You’ll never know.
“I said that more than a year ago. I think he’s learned since then, at least a bit!”
But the creature stared at Ivan with narrowed eyes, its human hands pressed together with the fingertips held to its human, lushly curved lips.  It knows I’m leaving something out, thought Ivan, and it probably knows what as well.
“So you don’t know if he’d been taking them in your absence or not.”
“I rather think it was the other way around, but we don’t have to time to quibble.  I set fire to the keep.”
“Lestrade, tell him he can’t do that!”
The sorcerer burnt as if he were dry tinder rather than flesh and bone.  Sparks flew everywhere, igniting the books and scrolls they landed on, and the flames began to spread.
“Correct.  It remains to be seen if this pattern will continue with Jabez Wilson.”
“He was rather drunk.  His friends dissuaded him.”
“Anderson!” Lestrade roared.  “Stow it.  Now.  Sherlock, what have you got for me?”
“No?” John affected disappointment.
Harry stared. And then, to both their horror, the line of her mouth started to wobble.
“What the...” John started off.
Billy jammed a piece of toast in his mouth and started to stand up.  Marie grabbed his arm.
This Sherlock was different from and yet congruent to the wild and magical creature Ivan had first met.  In him, Ivan could see what the boy and the young man Marfa Hudovna described had become, and what Ivan saw made his own heart grow warm within him.
Ivan was hardly in a position to argue.  He sank down onto the ground and allowed her to push aside his surcoat, lift the hem of his bloody shirt.  His wound was still bleeding, the blood thick and crimson red.  Crimson red...
“I was thinking more about the occasions on which I was run out of town.”
Billy’s grin grew wider.  “
Four days later, John was washing his hands after seeing a patient and something changed within his field of vision. It took him a moment to realize what.  The band of gold-pigmented skin around his wrist darkened slowly, the last faded colour bleeding out of it.  A nurse ducking into the room in search of bandages glanced at his face, looked again, noticed his wrist and had him sit down.  Breathe, doctor, in, out, in, out, steady now, steady, is there someone you can call to take you home?
“Precisely.
“You always matter, Sherlock. You matter to your friends and yes, you
So did John. “I’m going to turn in now.”  If his host had been anyone else, he would have prefaced the statement with, “If you don’t mind.”  If his host had been anyone else, they would have shown him to his room, told him they’d changed the sheets or at least given him fresh ones.
“You were raised in England, most likely Hampshire, but you’ve spent the last several years in North America.  Not surprising.  Almost all the British soldiers abandoned in Afghanistan during the Revolution were adopted by Canadian or American units and returned to those countries after the war in Afghanistan was deemed over.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “That could work. A blood test would quickly establish that you’re the father, but you could tell them you’d picked an omega up in a club one night and never got her real name.”
later.  Victor and I had so much
John felt his face heating up.
“You know what?  I’m not going to argue with you.  I’m just going to wait until you fall asleep sitting there and then
Sherlock stood, reaching out to pull John to his feet with both hands. John clasped them firmly in his own, holding on as if never to let go again.
“Right. And I think Clara wanted someone who needed her to take care of them.  You’re nodding.  You already figured this out, right?  Co-dependent, capital C.”
going to bed.”
“The set’s fault entirely, I’m sure,” John said gravely.  “More tea?  Another Hobnob?”
The simple meal seemed to have sent everyone into a stupor.  Ivan found himself drifting off as well as the battle fever that had carried him this far began to ebb.  Asleep, he dreamed of apples and horses and jam – comfortable, homelike things, and yet something was missing.  He couldn’t remember what, but its absence made all comfort hollow.
“The body’s eight to ten hours old.”
“Any news?” asked Lestrade.
She pushed past Lestrade into the flat and set the tray down.  “Don’t expect me to be doing this for you again, John Watson.  I’m not your housekeeper!”
“I’ve never heard you complain,” Sherlock retorted. And then as John ran a finger down the pouch slit, “Ahhh! You could... feel inside. If you wanted to.”
one, then.”
“I will. Thanks, Johnny.”
“I don’t suppose you’d like to stop looking at my arse and come help put these away?”
No wonder Sherlock liked her, the bastard.
Sherlock had pulled another sample bag and a swab out of his coat pocket and was now swabbing one of the corpse’s nostrils.
“Judging by the height of the writing above ground and the angle at which the marker was held, yes. It could also be an unusually tall woman, however.  The person will likely have red marks down the side of their left hand.  This kind of marker is difficult to wash off.”
“Sherlock,” Dexter started off eagerly. Then he noticed John and his face fell slightly. “Uh, Dr Watson.”
was new and I imagine rather exciting. However, it didn’t last. Fortunately, Ravel had also allowed for the performance of the piece by violin and ordinary piano. In addition, within a year he produced a version for violin and orchestra.”
“Yet humans are supposedly an intelligent species,” Sherlock observed.
“And ask an officer to deliver drugs for him? It was at a crime scene, actually.  He informed me that thanks to Yard’s incompetence, the supposed murder victim was by now happily starting a new life in Costa Rica and that Anderson would show signs of intelligence before the
“Some things aren’t meant to be,” he replied, looking Dexter in the eye.
can talk!” retorted Mary.
“No, wait.  Under my shirt, there’s a red feather – maybe it’s on the other side.”
John, perfectly happy to lend himself to further evaluation, leaned forward for a kiss.
“Glad to hear I can be of use
“No, I’d already left for university.  This way.”
Sherlock would say that John had seen and not
Sherlock’s look spoke volumes – in a dozen different languages.
The passengers were notably quiet.
John struggled to find the words he wanted, but Sherlock was looking away now, studying the passers-by. The sun went behind a cloud and a cold gust of wind blew a stray broadsheet against the side of John’s head. By the time he’d fought free of it, Sherlock was several strides down the pavement, looking for a cab. John ran after him, not wanting to lose him in the crowd.
It was several minutes before John recovered sufficiently to say anything. “Maternity clothes?”
It was only when Sherlock slipped his hand down the front of John’s jeans that John realized that he was achingly hard. Once they’d got the jeans and John’s pants out of the way, it hardly took two strokes of Sherlock’s large, long-fingered hand before John came as well, all over Sherlock’s stomach.
“Ah. Let me see the clothes.”
says” – Nigel had returned to his normal voice now – “’Piss off!’  And he throws up all over the junky’s shoes!”
“And you haven’t. Campbell-Williams’ field of study rarely involves human subjects or really, any living subjects at all.  It’s possible that she didn’t understand the complications involved.  The remarks were made once, at a reception.  She may or may not have ingested some unknown amount of alcohol before making them.  However, they were picked up by the local popular press because unlike like most of what transpired at the conference, they were understandable by and interesting to the general public.”
“After Sherlock, ah, left...”
As it turned out, John had just passed Chancery Lane when a black car, larger and finer than any automobile he’d seen in the UBR so far, pulled up alongside him.  The driver, a burly, grim-faced man in a black suit, got out and handed John one of those blocky cell phones.
Sherlock shrugged when John mentioned this. “She’ll have made up some sort of story that purports to explain anything out of the ordinary that she’s noticed. People do that all the time. Since she’s undoubtedly
Pressured to provide entertainment, Sherlock eventually extracted a Cluedo set from beneath the books and papers.  He refused, however, to follow any of the rules, claiming that they were all ridiculous.  This moved John to begin creating ever-more-outrageous rules of his own, just to see if Sherlock could tell the difference between the real rules and John’s additions.
“I’ll need to use the loo a lot,” Mary explained.
“I am, as soon as I get cleaned up a bit,” replied Mary. “I feel as if I’ve had a workout!”
“You’re not bait. You’re an observer. I promised I wouldn’t tell you what’s going on, so I’m going to show you instead.”
“Alone, I take it.”
“At least you haven’t run away screaming yet.”
smile. And he thought, why not? Two-person marriages had been legally recognized in England since 1931, even though religious conservatives still grumbled their claims that every child deserved all its parents. Mary was no religious conservative and neither was John. Why shouldn’t he and Mary marry and then see where that took them?
“You need some sleep, dear. Leave those dishes and go right upstairs. I made up the bed in your old room and left the windows open to air it out a bit. I’m not your housekeeper, mind, but just this once where everything’s been in such an uproar.”
The next morning, John made two cups of tea, Sherlock drank one and life went on. Life brought other cases, other crime scenes.  Eventually it brought the crime scene at which Sherlock pronounced the apparent break-in and murder to be nothing more than a household accident, boring and a complete waste of his time.  The deceased’s grieving widower took exception to Sherlock’s remarks and attempted to retaliate first verbally and then physically.  Fortunately, John was able to immobilize him and hand him off to Lestrade, who in turn led him off to one side to calm down a bit.
Ivan thought he should run and get Marfa Hudovna but he could not tear himself away, could only watch in horror as the dark, shimmering
“Magnussen’s house, Appledore,” repeated Sherlock. “The greatest repository of sensitive and dangerous information anywhere in the world. The Alexandrian Library of secrets and scandals – and
Sherlock looked at John. John looked at Sherlock. Finally Sherlock offered, “William Sherlock Scott. At least one of those ought to do.”
“Well, you can add 23 and 24 Leinster Gardens to the list of Sherlock’s known boltholes.”
“If you fall I’ll probably be able to catch you before you hit the ground,” Sherlock promised in an off-handed tone.  “Look at the castle.  What do you see?”
“Your granduncle took offense?”
The paperwork turned out to be more than “a bit,” but eventually John made his way back to the morgue, where he found Molly conspicuously alone and indeed, rather surprised to see him.
“...you’ll never want to have sex with me again.”
of Shezza,
Neither of them appeared to pay much attention to their waiter, who was in any case professionally unobtrusive.
John sighed. “That’s not a reason. And if you actually hate Mycroft as much as you claim, why are you using him as an example?”
that it’s time for you to realize that you can’t go running off on cases anymore – not now and not for several months after the child is born. It doesn’t seem to have occurred to you that carrying a child isn’t some kind of sexy game. You’re not dragging
.”  Ivan’s voice caught, and his vision was blurred.  When he reached to wipe his eyes, his hand came away wet with tears.
John wanted nothing more than the collapse next to his lover, but someone should go get wet washcloths and it obviously wasn’t going to be Sherlock. John staggered into action.
certainly thought so.”
“Why?”
“And others.”
The ride to the university was short. When they arrived, Sherlock led the way to Dr Foucault’s office.
“Certainly.” John felt as there were something else he ought to be saying. “Mary...” he began, but then he couldn’t think of what it might be.
, bowing, and there was this moment...  I thought he looked at me.  I thought he saw me, looking at him.  I was frozen until he left the stage.  And then I ran like hell for the loo.  Harry ragged me about it the whole way home, said I must have been desperate.”
“You said there were two messages.”
Ivan Watovich stood to one side of the tsar’s throne, watching as the last batch of nobles came forward one by one to swear their oaths, remembering all too well why he’d tried to escape the tedium of court life for the battlefield.  Still, he did his best to look brave and determined.  Harrieta Watovna stood to the other side, doing her best to look reasonably sober.  They avoided eye contact.  Past incidents had proven that accidentally making eye contact caused them both to break down in giggles.
Tyler swallowed audibly. “He didn’t say.”
me,” corrected Sherlock.  “She wants to talk with me – and I with her.”
“My deodorant?”
“This will need more tools than I have here.  Take it upstairs.”  With that Sherlock thrust the case at Ivan.
“Yeah!” said the teen gratefully. “How did you know...  Oh.”  His face fell.  “You already know what happened, don’t you?  That’s how you know what Uncle Don wrote.  That’s how you knew to write the same thing back at the hospital.”  His tone turned petulant.  “Why are you even asking me?”
be reciprocating.”
“I ate this morning,” said Sherlock sulkily.
“Eat the toast and listen. Mary’s right. Normally a beta’s body would be affected by the omega’s pheromone changes for the full five months.”
observe.  I observed the lack of a container for the feet and their proximity to the take-away.”
“Jesus,” said John again. He tightened his grip.
Both Sherlock’s voice and gaze were steady as he laid his past out for John’s examination.
.  Raised in England, mainly but not exclusively in Lancashire.  Spent a significant portion of her adult life in the States, you can tell by her vowels, but returned to the UK some years ago – more than three, less than ten.”
John shrugged, feeling a bit sorry for the man.  “Lots of things.  At least a pint’s worth.”
“Very briefly.”
“Well, you’ve certainly been a good influence on him! Thank him for me, would you, dear?”
“John,” said Sherlock as they recovered their breath in bed that night, “It should be no more difficult to purchase omega hormones than beta hormones.”
One guard was dead, another blinded.  The remaining guards were slow and clumsy.  There was no question that Ivan was the better swordsman, and he’d taken up a position with the wall at his back.  But there were still five guards left.  Ivan knew that the only real question was how many he could kill or cripple before he passed out from loss of blood.
“Oh, really? You could have fooled me.” The kettle boiled. John looked at the single mug he’d set out and sighed. “Tea?”
, as brilliant and infuriating as ever, but where once John’s silver band and Sherlock’s black one had created a convenient, reliable boundary between them, now there was... open ground.  Unmarked, virgin, waiting for its first footprint – if any ever came.
“Any good?”
But speaking of Molly...
“And the whole band thing, it’s based on chemistry. I bet he
“Then you’re not getting in!” retorted a squint-eyed guard.  “Tell us what your message is, and we’ll deliver it for you!”
“Oi, I was using that!”
? And why let me in while she knew Mary was there? Did she
“The day I went and got my things, you mean.”
“I’ll be busy with Muircheartaigh.  If you can’t fight them, do something else.  Talk to them – you people do that.  You spend absurd amounts of time talking about all sorts of useless things.”
Tyler’s gaze dropped to the floor. “Some guys at school were running poker games.  I tried it and I lost some money, so I was trying to win it back, and then, well, I ended up losing a lot more.  I was paying them back a bit at a time, but they were getting impatient and talking about beating me up.”
A short flight to the top of a tall oak gained them perches among the swaying branches.  It was not, Ivan told himself, not
“Yes, but it will be
Sherlock rode him hard as John bucked beneath him.
“Like Meredith,” Sherlock put in, “or Joyce.”
John looked at Sherlock. “Mycroft.”
“Look, Sherlock, take my phone, stay up and wait for the killer to call, do whatever you like.
“Did he tell you about Victor?” asked Muircheartaigh, for really, this could be no one else.
“From the gaping gunshot wound in his abdomen? Let’s ask
The seat next to John had been empty for perhaps half a minute when another person slid into it – a notably female person. Younger than John but not too much so.  Short blond hair, feathering around her face.  Large eyes, a pretty shade of green that wasn’t due to coloured contacts.  Wristband still pale silver.
to attempt penetration.  I thought you might want to.”
Here Nigel drew himself up, as if trying to imitate someone taller.  Drew himself up and intoned, in a lower voice than his natural one and in a horribly poor imitation of Received Pronunciation, “Just finished your degree – medicine – enlisted in the army, reporting for duty tomorrow, hangover and all.  The only way you’d have been able to pay for your education, as all you got from your family were anger issues and a propensity for alcohol.  Oh, and homophobia.  Shame about that, given your own orientation.”
Sherlock’s black maternity trousers turned out to look exactly like his regular black trousers, just with a bit more room in the waist and stomach. He alternated between preening and sulking. When he did the former, John assured him that he looked amazing. When he did the latter, John assured him that he didn’t look any different at all.
The creature grinned and held out a hand as if to help Ivan up.  “Come then, Ivan Watovich!  The game’s afoot - or rather, a-wing!”
“A household guard.  Tell me of the wars – what’s it like, living on the front?”
“Hello, John,” said Mary.
Sherlock glared at him a moment, then announced, “If you don’t want it, then give it to Marfa Hudovna.”
. Nothing could have convinced you except Mary’s own words, her own actions, performed in front of your own eyes. So I arranged for the performance. It was the only way you’d believe me.”
“Enjoyed or tolerated?”
“Is Molly strictly bent? Or might she be interested in swerving? It was fairly clear that she and Tom weren’t going to last long.”
“Check if it’s him or not.”
“His voice was... off. Shaky, as if he were extremely nervous, perhaps even scared.”
“...it was for a case and I wouldn’t damage the furniture.”
“I don’t even know your name!”
John remembered Afghanistan and nodded his understanding.
“So might we,” Lestrade cautioned. “She’s got to wait long enough that it seems realistic that the drug is taking effect.”
They chose to walk home after their late dinner. The skies had cleared to reveal the first quarter moon. As they neared Baker Street, John pulled Sherlock aside into a detour through Regent’s Park. Despite the chilly air, the deserted park smelled of growing things and the coming spring.
“Fine, but who is he?”
“What the
illegal, of course.  What’s your name?”
“I had a talk with Sherlock after what happened last time, and he won’t be dragging you along to look at dead bodies again, young man.”
“Mycroft – Sherlock’s brother? He was there too?”
It was only when Sherlock shifted slightly that Ivan realized he’d fallen into a reverie, staring at Sherlock’s heart in his hands.
“After you left your walking stick behind,” Marfa Hudovna explained, “I thrust it into the ground to see what would happen.  When it began to set roots and send out new branches, I knew that as long as the tree throve, so would you.”
“Using me as bait.”
“Our marriage.”  Sherlock’s tone was indecipherable.  “But then something happened.”
“Yes, dear, I see that,” said Marfa Hudovna.  “That would be why he’s half-naked himself – not that it’s an ill sight to see.”
know how to make a band change colour.  It wouldn’t hurt to ask at least.”
“Enough!” roared Watt.  “More to the point, how do we get Ivan out of the capital without being discovered, and how do we answer the questions that will be raised about his absence?”
fault,
“No, he took my statement at the scene but then had Donovan detain me while he vanished off somewhere.  This was his most likely destination.”
“I like the idea of you in my bed.”
Sherlock gave him an odd look, then nodded.  “I promise.  And you should have this.”  He plucked a pale-blue feather from one wing and handed it to Ivan.  “If all else fails, get to a window or battlement and jump.  This will bring you safely to the ground.  Now come, we need to keep moving.”  And with that, Sherlock took off down the corridor.
If John’s voice held just the slightest trace of bitterness at the mention of Bill’s wife and children, neither man commented on it.
Mr Holmes turned out to be a good walking companion who set a somewhat less strenuous pace than Sherlock. He and John talked about the same sorts of things that John and Lestrade talked about at the pub – sports, politics, the weather, the latest Bond flick and sports.
Suspecting that he didn’t have any choice in the matter, John accepted it.  “Er, hello?”
“Baked goods,” sniffed Sherlock, and he withdrew into the flat to stand by the window.
Greg’s laughter followed John on his way up to the bar, where he collected two more pints – and then almost dropped them as he turned and found the dark-haired woman waiting for him.
“Sherlock didn’t say.”
“What’s that?” Ivan dared to ask, pointing at the device.
John checked his jacket pockets and then glared at his flatmate. “Sherlock, we’ve
“How long were you in the toilet, Tyler?” Lestrade interrupted gently.
“Yeah, where are we going?”
“Yeah, you might call it that.”
“...especially when it’s taken the two of you so long to get this point...”
The teen was staring at Sherlock. “Are you some kind of mutant?  Like, you can read minds or something?”
“I didn’t know what to do. I was sitting there and he was d-d-d-“
birthmother was French.”
“Don’t mock my fantasies,” John growled.
“Nice meeting you,” said John, and went after him.
“Will have to take care of himself.”
When the last of the food was gone, Ivan tucked the jug back into the sack and the sack back into his belt.  He noticed that the sack with the jug inside felt no heavier or bulkier than when it had been empty.  But then it turned out
“First, you’re wearing pyjamas and you’re in need of a shower.  Second, the tea’s almost ready and I’m not going anywhere before I’ve had at least one cup and a piece of toast.  Do you want jam on your toast?  It’s some kind of pricey stuff that comes in a little pot.”
Her upward lilt at the end of the sentence made it sound as if the matter were in doubt and that she’d be neither surprised nor unhappy if the answer turned out to be “no.”
John returned to 221B late the next afternoon, feeling grimy, exhausted and hollowed out. He wanted nothing more than to find a reasonably clean horizontal surface and collapse, but the moment he closed the front door of the building behind him, Mrs Hudson appeared and waved him into her own flat. She got him seated at her kitchen table and placed hot soup, sandwiches and tea before him.
Sherlock looked amused. “I know that you and Mycroft made that story up to ‘protect’ me from the fact that you think she’s dead.”
Lestrade shrugged. “The paramedics were focussed on saving the man’s life, not preserving evidence.”
Having said this, Sherlock looked straight ahead down the street for the next several steps. John thought he understood.
He saw also that Nadya had changed in appearance over the weeks since their escape from Muircheartaigh’s castle.  Worn and weary as she had been when he first saw her, he had gained the impression that she was of some age.  But the meals provided by the magic sack had put flesh on her bones and the salt air put colour in her cheeks.  Ivan saw now that she was younger than he had thought and passably fair to look at, with a straight carriage, a pleasant voice and a quiet manner.
“Someone pays Curran and Ives. Banks gets a share, and Wentworth’s debts get written off, at least partially.”
“Yes, I’m sure,” snapped Sherlock. “Just... unpracticed.”
Sherlock froze, looking so blank for a moment that John thought for a moment he’d deleted the entire concept of “bedroom.” Then he smiled wickedly, swayed gracefully to his feet and sauntered off in stocking feet down the hall, unbuttoning his shirt as he went. He turned slightly in the doorway to observe John over one bare, pale, faintly freckled shoulder and arch an eyebrow before vanishing into the room.
Anderson turned on Sherlock angrily.  “Now look: whatever you’re trying to imply...”
Sherlock finally deigned to look up from the microscope.  “I know.  I put it there.”  Then he went back to his slides.
Weasel looked up from the file.  “And you would be?”
Ivan winced.  “I’d forgot you hadn’t seen it before.  It’s a bit of mess, isn’t it?”
“Mr Newbold, Dr Watson.  John, Walter Newbold is the hospital’s Committee liaison.  If you’re free for a short conversation?  The cafeteria here serves decent coffee.”
John couldn’t believe he was hearing this. “Sorry,
Another climb to the second floor.  On the landing they were met with a locked door.  “Interesting.  Better quality lock than the one in the alley.  I’ll need that torch now.”
What had John been thinking, to let Sherlock talk him into taking the bed and leaving Sherlock the sofa?  The sofa was long enough to be barely tolerable for John.  But for Sherlock?  Just looking at his position made John’s neck ache.
He turned to the sink, emptied the kettle and let the fresh water run in. Then, on a thought, he turned back to look at Sherlock. “Where did you find it?”
The kettle whistled. John poured and then carried the tray into the living room.
Greg shrugged. “A lot of blokes do that.  Except usually it’s body parts attached to attractive women.”
“Oh, no, you don’t,” interrupted John. “You do
“So you thought you’d ‘put them to use’ first, try using them to help you against Muircheartaigh?”  Ivan regretted his accusatory phrasing as soon as the words were out of his mouth.
After that it was bloody fantastic. He kept trying to get more in his mouth, almost choked at one point, pulled off, caught his breath and then dived back in.  He had lost track of time when Sherlock said something sharply urgent, then gave forth an unearthly nasal keen and flooded John’s mouth.
“You’re very sentimental for a successful assassin,” observed Sherlock.
Mr Holmes threw back his head and laughed.
“The love interest.”
“I don’t wanna sit down.”
“Taking care of seniors with dementia is challenging for anyone,” John put in gently. “Did you do anything to try and help your granduncle calm down?”
to be my lover.  I wasn’t interested.  He attributed my lack of interest to the absence of my heart – in which he was wrong – and proposed that we should retrieve it.  I accepted his help because I was young and foolish enough to believe that the two of us together could defeat Muircheartaigh.”
Months later, it occurred to John that Mycroft’s and Greg’s intentions had been more or less the same. Both had tried to provide whatever help they could.  It was hardly their fault that John didn’t know what to ask for.
.  Not my thing, I suppose, although it would have helped if he’d been more open about telling me what he needed.”
Sherlock frowned.  “You’ve handled a gun more recently than I expected, probably the same make and model...  Oh!  Canadian Forces Reserve.”
He landed with barely a stumble and looked up at the tower to see – nothing but stone and flames.  “Sherlock!” he yelled.  “Sherlock, you idiot, I’m clear!  Get out of there!”
Mary giggled as she helped herself to the last of the bacon.
“I’ve already answered plenty of questions, not that anything’s been done towards finding Joe’s murderer.  I’ve got a business to run.”
Lestrade gave her a moment, then asked gently, “Do you wish to continue?”
“He’s been stalking me, you mean. Aren’t police officers meant to put a stop to that sort of thing?”
things.  He went crazy, he was trying to destroy
“Have you got any dollars?” demanded the bus driver.  “Canadian or American, either one.”
“Previous landlord. Former flat.  This one is more convenient to your clinic
, but I’d advise against it.  I hear a bit of hard currency goes a long way in Britain these days.”
“What
“Yes.” She sniffed.  “Yes, I do.”
But Sherlock was still speaking, so Ivan dragged his errant thoughts back from their wanderings.
“You come back here with cocaine and I’m calling Lestrade myself!” John bellowed at his departing back.
“John.” Sherlock motioned him to approach Mary, who was still holding her head tilted.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Of course Lestrade will think we named her after the capital of Bulgaria,” Sherlock added – and then looked surprised when first John, then Mary started to laugh.
thing I asked, was that you tell me what you were going to do before you jumped into... Christ! S
“Boys!  You almost made me drop the tea!” scolded a female voice.
Sherlock finally looked up from his microscope.  “Lestrade, I assume you’ve already checked with Mesdames Hudson and Turner as to Billy’s whereabouts at the time of last night’s ‘disturbance’?”
“Go!” yelled Sherlock, and ran for the door himself.  The two of them pounded up the staircase, pausing for breath only when they reached the topmost landing.
“MURDER-SOLVING TEC A BETA TO DIE FOR.”
“Ta.  Oh, on the subject of technology, where would I buy a British cell phone?”
Sherlock sniffed. “Red herring.”
Sherlock watched him steadily.  John was suddenly aware of how close they were sitting, together in bed in a darkened room.  And he was aware of how open he’d left himself.  He’d started out to tell about being thirteen and watching the dancer.  It was a good, funny story if a bit embarrassing.  Instead, somehow...  What he’d just told Sherlock, he’d never told, never thought to tell anyone.  And yet, he hadn’t thought twice before telling Sherlock.
“You want to watch what you say to the woman who just slammed you down onto the floor.”
“Your brother’s name is Mycroft,” John said bemusedly.  “Your parents named their sons Mycroft and Sherlock.”
“They protect themselves by placing their hearts in other vessels.  As long as their hearts beat, they can not be killed.  Conversely, one can destroy the sorcerer by destroying his heart.  Muircheartaigh’s most closely guarded treasure can be nothing else.”
“You brought them all here one by one – and one by one, you left them here to join Victor in his fate.  Finally, you stopped bothering even to make the journey yourself, and yet still they came, travel-worn and weary, battering at the gates.  Who sent them, if not you?”
“Britchit.”
“Seen a lot of injuries, then; violent deaths.”
Mary frowned. “I’m not going to scream.”
“I’m teasing, Sherlock,” John said gently.  “I apologize if that wasn’t clear.  Here, have some toast, I put honey on it.”
Mary grimaced, but Sherlock carried on. “Once an amarsupial infant is born, the mother has to care for it entirely on her own.”
“Not in a police car.  I’ll be right behind.”
“Sherlock, whatever you want. I swear, whatever you want. But if you want to save something, something for the third date... Sherlock!” He got hold of Sherlock’s chin and tipped it up. They were practically nose to nose. “If you want to save something for the third date, we have to stop now.”
people do.  Have you been stewing over this the entire time you’ve been gone?”  Not that John could blame him, as John had been doing so himself.
“So to save your own life, you not only escaped the hospital but then also ran all over London and almost killed yourself doing so. Right. That makes loads of sense.”
As the sun rose in the sky, so did the wood piled against the house.  It was past noon when Ivan finished, and his leg and shoulder were throbbing.  Still, he felt pleased with himself as he had washed up at the well.  Marfa Hudovna brought him tea and a plate of left-over pirozhki, and he sat on the house’s shady porch to eat, listening to the murmur of the breeze in the forest trees.
John had been drifting off. He was wide awake now. “We’ve already discussed this, Sherlock. No. There is not going to be a knot.”
The answer was perched on top of the fence, offering John his only way out.  He took a deep breath and a running start of his own and managed to grab Sherlock’s hand in both his.  Sherlock grabbed John’s shoulder – his right one, fortunately – and hauled.  John pushed with his feet against the rough wood, and they both went over.  John thought he felt someone grab at his shoe as he did so, but he hit the ground still wearing both shoes, so that was all right.  He scrambled back up to his feet and
“Really. Y’know, someone called 999 last night...”
“Right, because god forbid you should be a junkie with a perforated septum,” John snapped.
“Medical papers?”
“I can speak for myself, Sherlock,” growled Lestrade. “John, if you’ll allow me to take custody of Mr Caustlin?”
Sherlock was only too happy to show Lestrade the footprints that Lestrade’s own people had missed.  Assured that he’d receive the files as soon as Lestrade had a chance, Sherlock strode off down the alley towards the street.
A right bully, John figured that meant.
To be honest, what Ivan himself wanted was neither.  He’d been happy as a soldier and had never sought the throne.  Court life suffocated him.  But he would do what his family and his country needed of him, which was to marry so that he could ascend the throne.  He thought he would not mind being married so much, except that settling down to rule afterwards was the implicit and an inescapable goal of marriage.  He couldn’t tell Marfa Hudovna any of this, of course.
sugars.  Oh.  What happened to the lipstick?”
convince you to act as bait
, following Sherlock through a maze of alleys and side streets.
“As things turned out, I was able to expose her more quickly than she’d expected, before she had any confirmation of pregnancy to offer. You moved back into Baker Street, at least temporarily. At this point Mary was still holding onto the possibility that she might be pregnant.”
“Oh. Sarcasm. I see.” Sherlock rolled over, presented John with a view of his back and stole most of the covers while he was at it.
“Why’re they burning Dobrieuzi in hell? Figuratively, I mean.”
“Hopefully it will not be particularly bloody,” Sherlock replied evenly.  “Part the feathers where my heart should be, so that you can see the skin underneath.”
The appearance of cases that might distract Sherlock from things apian was almost a relief, although said cases came with their own hazards. There was, for example, the series of corpses left in sewage treatment works along the Thames, beginning with Longreach and moving west. For reasons best known to himself, Sherlock borrowed John’s phone. By the end of the case, Sherlock’s phone was still safe in the pocket of his Belstaff. John’s phone was quite literally in deep shit. Even after being retrieved and thoroughly cleaned, it never worked quite right again.
them, from the way Sherlock raised his chin to put his long neck at the perfect level for Dexter’s lips.
“We’re not here to make assumptions or judgements about your granduncle, Tyler,” said Lestrade calmly. “We just want to find out what happened.  Did you and your granduncle do anything besides watch telly?”
“All right.  I’ll need time to think of something.  And the sun’s sinking and
“I’m still recovering from my injuries, I could take a turn for the worse...”
“Lestrade was promoted because he has a higher solve rate than any other DI on the force. That’s because of me, of course. That’s why he likes me.”
“You’re using my laptop.”
“Maybe he stored it in his Mind Palace. Would anyone like tea?” John offered.
“We tried using a teat pump, but Sherlock found it too awkward and uncomfortable.”
“Piss off,” said Ives sourly. And then to the husky young constable with the handcuffs, “I said piss off!  You can’t cuff me, my wrist’s broken!”
“May I use your loo?” Sherlock replied.
“Yeah. The thing is – we were so young, Clara and I.  When I met Clara, the one thing I wanted was someone who’d accept me as I was and not be on my case about drinking all the time.”
Lestrade might invite him, Sherlock resorted to sarcasm.
“We need to talk about this.”
after losing it that way in the first place.
“Everything Muircheartaigh said was true – for a certain degree of truth.”
Lord Holmes beamed.  “Sherlock, this is John Watson.  John, my son, soon to be your husband: Sherlock Holmes.”
Ivan did so and gasped when skin, muscle and bone split neatly along the line he had drawn, revealing a cavity underneath.  There was, oddly enough, no blood.
“I was trying to save the boy’s life.”  Sherlock’s voice was low, beaten.
have them.”
He was still inside Sherlock’s pouch when he came down again. His semen was leaking out. Sherlock was dipping his fingers in the viscous mess and, from the feel of it, drawing patterns on John’s back.
done this sort of thing before,” Mary snapped – and then looked suddenly stricken. “Thank you. All of you. John, Sherlock, good luck with... with...”
“Sherlock...”
“That’s all it would take. They’re boringly ordinary.”
John pulled his mouth away. “Touch anywhere you want,” he growled. “
“That plus the fact that Angie Stevens’ corpse was found in a room that could be sealed to be almost airtight.  The one window had been painted shut, and the door shut so tightly that it took Lestrade a considerable amount of effort to open it again.”
But Sherlock’s frown deepened and he tried again.
“About the divorce laws and the protests and stuff. Especially when they interviewed protestors and the protestors started in against science and scientists.”
.  At least I ensured they were dying for a
“He said you have no heart.”
John smiled back and they shook hands. “I remember you. And if you know anything about mobiles at all, I’ll buy whatever you suggest as long as I can afford it.”
“Fine!” snapped Sherlock. “I don’t need your assistance in any case. I’m perfectly capable of buying my own maternity clothes.”
“He was standing
“But you haven’t got bags,” protested John. “Do you need, I dunno, toothbrushes or something?”
– an intelligence agent. Your accent is currently English but I suspect you are not. You’re on the run from something. You’ve used your skills to disappear, but Magnussen knew your secret. I assume you befriended Janine in order to get close to him.”
and not tell me he’d done so?”
John made a show of looking at his watch, openly this time.  “It’s been an interesting evening, but I have to go now.”
The Tube journey out to the suburbs seemed interminable. John still had his house key and let himself in once he arrived. He quickly located his largest duffle bag in the back of a closet and began filling with it the clothes he’d be mostly likely to need over the next... Well, how long, really? The weather was getting chillier. Winter would be here eventually. Best to be safe.
to,” Sherlock snarled. “But. I’ve never.”
Mrs Holmes merely smiled. “Oh, no, after we bought the aeroplane tickets, I phoned a friend of mine who manages a hotel and asked him to set aside a room for us
believe that an omega might love him. Who told an alpha to find “some other good people” – and never counted himself among that number.
“You two are supposedly grown men and what you get up to is your own business, but I’ll thank you not to drag Billy and Archie into it!”
“Whatever you’ve been telling me, I haven’t been here to hear it,” he informed Sherlock as he brought the bags into the kitchen and started trying to find non-toxic locations to store the groceries. “I’ve been gone almost...”
Mary smiled back. “At least think about it, all right? I don’t want you to feel alone.”
“Sherlock,” said Mary hoarsely. She’d pushed herself up on her arms.
see that. And you married me.” Mary tilted her head towards Sherlock. “Because he’s right. It’s what you like.”
“It’s the way it reflects the sunlight.  Not many other people about, only the guards and seven people moving in a circle.  Dancing, maybe?”
Sherlock didn’t wait to be asked. Greg showed up again a week later, took one look at John and swore.  “Sherlock’s right – you look like hell.”
He set the kettle on to boil. Three mugs, three tea bags, three spoons. Milk for himself, sugar for Sherlock. Mary took... John’s mind went blank. He couldn’t remember how Mary took her tea.
After that first evening, he never said two words to John, including the phrase, “Thank you.” He did, however, deign to accept cups of tea.  And occasionally the leftover take-away that John had meant to keep for lunch the next day mysteriously vanished from the refrigerator.
“Sherlock, lie back...”
“Precisely.
ask the driver to pull over?  You needn’t accompany me if you don’t wish to.”
“They’re called mobile phones here.”
Sherlock was standing exactly where he had been, but the smirk was gone. “John,” he said, “I think I should call a cab.”
“Yes, right, but I meant...”
Silence.
“The tests Tyuleneva speaks of?  No, there were no tests.  I was told that Sherlock lived in a house in the forest and that is where I found him, although I had been expecting a man and not some feathered monstrosity.  Nor had I expected that his response to my tale would be to tell me that I’d been cheating on my wife with the murdered clerk and that I was right to suspect that the child she’d miscarried wasn’t mine.  Then the creature sniffed that a simple locked-room murder was hardly even a five and that he was only taking it because he was bored.  Without further warning, he grabbed me and took off into the air!  By the time we landed, I was near dead from both cold and terror.”
“That said, I think what you and Sherlock are doing is very noble.”
6)	In my particular iteration of alpha/beta/omega, all omegas are female and all alphas are male.  If this doesn’t float your boat, there’s plenty of omega!John and omega!Sherlock out there.  My own favourite female alpha is Irene in fresne’s
medical care,” replied Mary, serving out bacon, eggs and toast.
“That’s it, that’s all we need,” Lestrade muttered. “Sherlock, go!”
The room was cool and dark and smelled as he remembered it, aged and slightly musty. Nothing like the clean, bright,
Sherlock ignored him and drifted off to a corner, still studying the wreckage. He didn’t bother to look up when Campbell-Williams strode back into the room, a sheet of paper in hand, so John stepped forward instead.  “Thank you, Dr Campbell-Williams.  This will be very helpful.  I assure you that we
It was with this glorious feeling still thrumming through this mind that John heard Sherlock give his final speech of the evening.
was where Sherlock had drawn his personal line. Until now. With John.
“Never min’, I see ‘ow it is. Yer an’ al, aincha?” he asked John.
“Two,” said Sherlock – and put his hand on John’s shoulder. He left it there as he made eye contact with the other beta.
“We’re past that, John, try to keep up.”
“This Sherlock must have a cruel tongue, to speak such lies about you and your wife,” Svinarnikov added, addressing Andreyev.
“Three hours. Walked through Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens to the Round Pond, sat there approximately twenty minutes.  There are still flakes of paint from the bench on your jeans.”
The truth was that the last time he’d felt so alive was when he’d made a leap for the fence behind Wilson’s, caught Sherlock’s hand and gone running down the alleys and streets.  The last time before that... was a long time ago.
“I removed the paper with the number on it from your jacket approximately two hours and twenty minutes after you arrived home. If you haven’t noticed it missing until now, your interest in using it was minimal at best...”
Stripped to his vest and pants, John lay down on top of the coverlet, not expecting to sleep. In the strictest sense, his expectations were met.  But in the darkness, his thoughts drifted here and there.  He only realized he’d lost track of them entirely until sometime later, when the sound of the violin from the flat below recalled him to himself.  Sherlock was, thank god, indulging in recognizable melody tonight.
“As the Canadians and Americans did?” asked John drily.
“Mycroft will have had the footage pulled. Mary not only shot me, she also killed Magnussen – and the information Magnussen had could still be dangerous in the wrong hands. Mycroft will want to contain the situation until he’s figured how best to control it.”
“Unlikely, since other staff members received them as well. And Wentworth appears to have little motive to be so vindictive.
“It’s your wedding day, John,” said Sherlock softly. “Dance with your wife.”
“Yes, but I’m not...”
“We’ll know a lot more once we... Ah!”  Sherlock dashed out of the alley.  John and Lestrade looked at each other, then followed – down the street, around two corners, down another street and up an alley that would have seemed to have no chance of connecting with the first one except that it took two sharp right turns.  Trying to keep to the alley’s wall so as not to destroy any tracks, they found themselves wading ankle-deep through trash and what John seriously hoped was only mud.  Twice they had to cut around what appeared to be the remains of temporary cardboard shelters.
, with stronger desired effects and weaker undesired ones.”  And then he rather primly, “It was a birthday present.”
“This” was a Browning HP L9A1 almost identical to the one that John had used in Afghanistan.  There’d been talk of replacing them with SIGs, but then the Revolution had come.  John had still had his Browning at the end of the war when he was shipped to Canada.  He’d turned it in, of course.  The shape and weight of the gun he held now were familiar, almost comforting.  Out of habit, he checked to see whether or not it was loaded – yes – and the safety was on – also yes.
John straightened and stepped forward.  “Dr John Watson,” he said, emphasizing his title slightly.
“Yeah, I see it.”
“You don’t seem very frightening.”
“’Mummy’ looked as if she were going to leap over the breakfast table and stab me with a butter knife.  Either that or poison my tea.”
“I was done with it anyway.  I’ve already gotten rid of it.”
“You have to stay here long enough to give Mary a chance to turn into someone else,” John realized. “Someone other than Madeleine Holmes.”
Of course, Sherlock had also made John’s life hell because he trusted Mycroft and Molly and twenty-five or so tramps but not, apparently, John. Or rather, John’s acting skills. He’d needed to ensure that John would give a convincing performance of grief. John wondered if Sherlock had ever realized just how convincing that performance might have become, had it not been for Mary.
“Definitely my bed, then,” said John.
wanted tea, at least.
“With a client?”
Weasel exited the bedroom, trailed by his two colleagues.  They all looked disgruntled.
Moving cautiously, Ivan used his walking stick to lever himself to his feet and drew his sword, only to see the bird-creature leave its perch and swoop down to the ground.  Once there, it began a strange dance, alternately pirouetting and spreading, then folding its vast wings.  Ivan stood his ground, and the bird-creature – half a head taller than Ivan himself – came to a halt only a sword’s length away.  Then, just as the first rays of the sun came over the horizon, it spoke.
The evening was showing promise after all.
Ivan’s mind promptly recalled the camp followers he’d known as a soldier.  “Er, what sort of favours?” he ventured.
The real pains began shortly afterwards, and Mary started cursing. She cursed John, no, the
“I don’t expect that to happen.”
She looked thoughtful, then nodded. “I think I understand.  Thank you, Mr Holmes.”
“Yes, to spend a quiet day with his son, son-in-law and granddaughter. I’m afraid that you have us as guests for at least the next nine hours.”
“It really had nothing to do with Molly at all, I’m afraid. He turned out to be a criminal mastermind interested in trying to get close to Sherlock.”
Lestrade looked startled. “Wait, how did espionage get into this?”
There was John’s answer then.  Sherlock had a girlfriend.  You’d think he would have mentioned her before.
“I remember this bit,” said John. “We had something of a fight about it in class. You know how in most mammalian species, both females and males have pouches?”
This time it was Ivan who started to draw back and Sherlock who would not allow it, so Ivan deepened the kiss, licking along the seam of Sherlock’s full lips until they parted.  He felt rather than heard Sherlock’s gasp as their tongues touched and stroked, as Ivan’s hands followed the rhythm of their tongues in stroking the knobs of Sherlock’s spine, as Sherlock’s hips rocked in that same rhythm against Ivan’s belly.
“The tsar gave me this office as a favour to my father,” explained Ivan, his eyes modestly downcast, “and I am most grateful for it.”
“He brought you back to London.”
The alleyway turned out to be surprisingly well-occupied.
“Where?” asked Sherlock.
“Female silver-bands. Exclusively.  And in any case,” Sherlock shrugged, “The outcome would have been the same.  I would still have faked my death in order to protect you.  I will
“Yet despite that, you invited me to look at a flat with you.”
“Did your wife write this, sir?” John asked - and then kicked himself.  He hadn't meant it to sound as if a beta
“You too, Bill.  Give my best to Marie-Josée and the kids, eh?”
“Precisely.  The walls are bespelled to sound an alert if I fly directly overhead and we’re likely to be spotted if I keep circling around the outside, but we should be able to find a good vantage point among the trees.”  Sherlock held out its, no,
And then Sherlock’s mobile rang. Sherlock, who could ignore his mobile for hours on end, leapt up from the sofa, grabbed his mobile and, talking, went into his bedroom and shut the door behind him.
“I wasn’t referring only to the restoration of my heart, Ivan Watovich.”
Sherlock was still talking. “Even if he had managed to escape, he’s already left sufficient fingerprints on a variety of surfaces in this room...”
“I married a professional assassin,” John heard himself say. He sounded amazingly calm about it.  “She shot Sherlock.”  After all this time, it was a relief to be able to speak of it so conversationally.  Perhaps he could do so now because it might help Campbell-Williams to hear it.
“That’s correct.  What we have instead is UBRnet, colloquially referred to as Uber.  It requires special hardware to access, which a foreign-made laptop wouldn’t have.  It’s of limited use in any case, as all content must be approved by the Committee.   There are at least more scientific papers posted than there used to be.”
The door at the top of the stairs opened before he could knock.  John looked up – and up again.  God, the man was tall.  And exotically gorgeous, with his almond-shaped eyes, high cheekbones and full lips.
Sherlock looked up from the menu.  “Three years ago I successfully proved to Lestrade at the time of a particularly vicious triple murder that Angelo was in a completely different part of town, housebreaking.”
When John woke up again, there was daylight outside and Sherlock was still in his bed, deep in a post-case coma. John tucked him in and went to make tea.
“...which he held to my side.  He said we were leaving the pub.”
“Mummy did tend to be a bit over-protective.”
“What?”
Somewhat to John’s surprise, she tilted her chin up and allowed Sherlock to sniff. Then Sherlock turned to John. “It’s yours.”
have been disappointed?  Instead he kept his voice level and asked, “So what did you do then?”
The day they embarked was drizzly and grey.  The second mate stood at the foot of the gangplank, inscribing each passenger’s name in a log as they came aboard.  Ivan stood by as well, waiting until all the others should be safely aboard.  He winced to himself as Bezmolva and Bezumtsa approached the gangplank, realizing that the names given in affection might seem cruel to outsiders.  But just as he was about to explain, Bezmolva announced in a clear voice, “I am called Nadya – Nadezhda.  My companion is Radost’, called Rada.”  Then, her back straight and her head high, she assisted Bezumtsa, now Rada, up the gangplank.
“Thank you, gospozha,” said Ivan as he dismounted and then bowed slightly.
A few days later, Sherlock was given permission by Dr Dixon to resume his normal activities. (John checked with her to ensure that she understood what said activities entailed.) He chose to celebrate by executing a flying tackle in a filthy alley on a bloke who outweighed him by more than seven stone.
“I won’t be left at home to raise it by myself, John. And I’ll probably be rubbish at parenting. But I want to try to help you raise it.”
“There!
“Competent pathologist, reasonably intelligent, occasional flashes of excellence,” replied Sherlock.
, John,” he said, his eyes locked on John’s. “All you’ll see is my belly looming over you. You’ll hardly be able to breathe with the weight of our child on top of you, but I’ll ride you and ride you and ride you...”
“A great many people had the opportunity to read them, John. That may or may not be relevant to our case.”
“His subsequent books did not meet with success.”
“She’s a hunter, John. Going to ground was useless as a long term strategy. Instead of waiting for her to hunt me down, I set a trap.”
“Well, I’ve certainly learned to be careful what I say when the media’s around,” Campbell-Williams told John and Sherlock over tea at 221B. She’d come by that evening with a nice cheque.  “Not to mention being careful about whom I get into relationships with,
“Including to crime scenes.”
observed was that your Hampshire accent is overlaid with more recent North American influence.  You have a soldier’s posture, and you’re of an age to have joined the King’s army before the Revolution.  You use your cane when you walk, but when you stand you place your weight evenly on both legs and not on the cane at all.  In fact when you lost your temper, you raised the cane off the ground as if you were about to hit me with it.  Wouldn’t be the first time that’s happened.”
“I know,” replied Ivan soberly, “I’m carrying it.”
“Neither Lestrade nor anyone on his team is capable of recognizing them as evidence, so they won’t be missed.”
“An accurate summary,” intoned Sherlock. He settled into his chair with his legs outstretched, his hands together and his fingers to his lips.
“What did you notice about the desk downstairs?” Sherlock continued.  He put the box back in its place and led John out of the workroom, locking the door behind them and starting down the stairs.
“It’s for a case. Wear the clothes on your bed.”
Sherlock looked up, blinked and stared at John. “You got us tickets to hear Vadim Repin perform with the LSO?” He didn’t pronounce the violinist’s name at all the same way John had.
“You’re right. No offense, darling, but you don’t always say the right sort of thing. I’ll take care of it.”
Shrugging, John put the kettle on and dug about in the cupboards, which turned out to contain a great deal of glassware and notably little in the way of food.  He did, however, find some bagged tea and what looked to be a clean mug.
John sighed. “Look, Sherlock. I’m not going to hurt you.”
,” Muircheartaigh screamed.  “They live their stupid little lives and then they
“We need to get out of here, Stolitsky!” a woman screamed in his ear as fragments rained down around them.  “It’s going to collapse!”
She turned and walked away. She’d been holding her gun the entire time. John heard a door slam. The spare bedroom, it sounded like.
“When I signed up?  Escaping my uncle, mostly.”
Mary took a deep breath. “I haven’t got one. No, don’t look at me like that. I tried. I’d made an arrangement, but it fell through. And I don’t have the time or the resources to create a new identity solid enough to hold up under the scrutiny of a surrogacy program.”
you there?”
“I’m on a case.”
interesting, at least to me.  On the scale you use for cases, you, Sherlock Holmes...”  John paused for effect, to be sure he had Sherlock’s full attention.  “...are an eleven.”
“And whose match were you looking for when you met me, hmmm?”
, relentlessly, please
There was a bad moment when John thought he might not be able to swallow and might have to spit it out on the carpet instead, but he managed. Sherlock looked... destroyed.  Sprawled back against the sofa, eyes shut, drawing deep, harsh breaths.  Destroyed, magnificent and
“Trevor would be something like Gorodsky in your tongue and Holmes, Ostrovsky.  Sherlock... Svetlovolos, I think?  Or perhaps Yarkovolos.”
“Sherlock, what is it?”
“Neurotic?”
“Sherlock, you can’t know that. ‘Prior to my marriage,’ bollocks!  What you
“Just so, dear.  After that I thought Boris might calm down a bit, but the truth was that he wasn’t prospering in London, not as he had hoped.  Finally he decided that we should return to his home town, Tsvetovsk.  He wanted me to sell the house on Baker Street, but I refused and instead arranged for my friend Marie Turner to manage it in my absence.”
Sherlock elected to play
“I wouldn’t.  Do you want tea?”
It was breathless, exhilarating.  It was
She smiled sourly. “Hard to feel safe when someone’s put you under surveillance.”
know all about being scared of shadows, Anderson,” Sherlock snarled, rising to his feet.
Privately, John found that the longer the negotiations continued, the more desire eroded any resistance he might have to idea of putting another man’s cock in his mouth. He’d already tasted Sherlock’s mouth, his neck, almost every inch of that long, lean body, and each taste left him wanting more.  He’d even tasted Sherlock’s semen after a particularly successful hand job.  John hadn’t thought about what he was doing at the time.  Surrounded by the heady scent of their shared arousal, it had seemed completely natural to touch his tongue to the tip of his finger.  Only when Sherlock hoarsely murmured his name did John look up, so that the bitter-salt taste in his mouth would be forever associated with the heat in those verdigris eyes and the answering heat in his own groin.
you. You almost died –
For once in his life, Sherlock looked genuinely shocked.
“Hell, Sherlock, can’t you resist just this once?”
“Craven Hill Gardens. That’s...”
actually occurred.  If you want to skip this chapter, all you need to know going forward is that it starts with John waking up in bed with Sherlock and ends with Sherlock asking what John was thinking about as he dealt with the afore-mentioned situation.
“How’s the little lass?” Lestrade asked her.
He broached the topic that night as they lay in bed, warm and sated, their lovemaking less frenzied but all the more tender outside of heat.
“I turned yours off too.”
“Janine left London before the second occurrence.”
“You’re going to carry our child.”
“I passed them all and then found out they’d been set by a freak just like the ones being born back in my village, except maybe a bit fairer to look at.”
?” Anderson sputtered.
an assistant.”
“One of the other kids at school,” replied Tyler sullenly. “He said he heard about it from his older brother.  He said his brother said it was easy money.”
Sherlock frowned, as if John’s remark didn’t compute.
“Phelps dragged me into the alley.  I was fighting him for the knife when a shot was fired.  I was shoved aside.  I saw a man’s silhouette at the top of the stairs.  I was, of course, in shock.”
“Things moved more quickly than she expected a second time when she surprised you while you were getting your things and the two of you quarreled. She took a second pregnancy test again that evening. The test was negative, although at this point it was at least two weeks after the possible conception date. She decided that it was time to cut her losses. She packed a bag, informed the landlord that you’d be along to clear things out and left.”
Sherlock, always pale, went deathly white. He whirled and strode out the door.
Harry’s mouth started to tremble again, but she got control of it, sniffed, waved her wad of napkins in the general direction of her face. “Thanks.  Thanks for...”  She waved the wad over her plate and in the general direction of John’s.  He’d finished his sandwich.  She’d torn hers to pieces.  It reminded John of Sherlock.
“Not from me, Mary. Never hide things like that from me, okay? I love you, but we need to be open with each other. And whomever we chose, we’d need to be open with them as well, and Sherlock...”
Billy insisted on shaking hands when introduced and making sure that John knew he was Billy
Were people changing faster now, so that they outgrew their soulmates, as Harry had? Certainly the ways people communicated with each other changed faster these days.  Personal computers, the Internet and social networking had not been part of John’s childhood.  He’d been almost 15 when mobiles first came on the market.  Now they were ubiquitous.
Shit, they’d been talking about using that room for a nursery. Some day.
Not Sherlock’s. This curious flatness had nothing to do with Sherlock Holmes and his boring, security-mad client at all. John had his own life, and so did Sherlock. A life which included his new megfriend and alfriend. Would Sherlock want John to be his best man? He wouldn’t want Mycroft, certainly.
“Sherlock,” said John, “What’s your birthmother’s full name?”
“Oh, is he still alive?”
His sword as well as the sack and the looking glass that Marfa Hudovna had given him lay on the stone floor a few feet in front of him.  Beyond these objects, steps led up to a dais where the man he had seen before now sat upon a golden throne.  The stranger wore an ermine stole over his robes and held a bejewelled golden sceptre.  On his head was a gold crown studded with jewels, lined with purple velvet and trimmed with ermine.
Lestrade, maybe. That would be fine. John was fine with that. It was all fine.
“C’mon, Sherlock, it makes sense.”
“Glad to hear it,” Lestrade shot back.
“So you killed him. Just like that.”
There was no mistaking the note of approval and respect in Sherlock’s voice. John grinned a little and couldn’t resist asking.  “One of your childhood heroes?”
.  I only knew that the, the
Captain, eh? John filed that tidbit away for further consideration and reached for Sherlock’s flies.  He paused to make eye contact again with Sherlock, then unzipped the other man’s trousers.  The clinging black silk pants left little to John’s imagination as he nuzzled the erection underneath, lapped at it with his tongue, blew on the damp silk.
Mycroft drew himself up ever so slightly.
Bright hair, flame hair, hair feathers, flame feathers...  The words spun around and around in Ivan’s mind, weaving a circle with him in the middle.  The words were dancers and the dancers circled endlessly around him, but one was missing, the others leaving a space in the pattern where he would have been.  Someone or something shrieked and Ivan heard the sounds of battle nearby, but as long as he stayed within the circle of dancing flames they would protect him.  The flames, flickering as dark wings swept overhead, would dance until death.  He wished he could remember
John made three mugs of tea. He set one down next to Sherlock, who roused enough to blink at John muzzily.
John’s remark led to the revelation that Sherlock had in fact, at one time, owned a working TV set.  He’d taken it apart because he needed to “borrow” some of the components for an experiment.  When put back together, the set had refused to work.
John jumped backwards as Sherlock shut the door. He glanced at the bedroom door that Sherlock had been so adamant about keeping closed. Tempting, that, but a bit not good. John had just started to turn away – only to jump again when the bedroom door opened, revealing...
“Well, dear, lots of people run when they think the police are coming to talk to them.”
And the memory had stayed with Sherlock for 14 years.  A boy on the verge of puberty had seen, probably for the first time, a man experiencing sexual pleasure – and remembered.  John no longer felt embarrassed.  He felt... humbled.  Less important than the memory itself, for all that Sherlock now looked to him to explain it.
His shoulder ached like fire as he limped down the dusty street with the heavy bucket of water.  Surely Manya Bocharova’s house had not been so far away from the well before?
“Thank you, Mrs Hudson,” said John with complete sincerity.
By the end of the week Sherlock’s morphine supply had been tapered off, leaving him bored and venomous. Everyone at the hospital was tired of being deduced by Sherlock, to the point where the constables had had to intervene. Then, of course, Sherlock deduced the constables.
Eventually Sherlock tired of sending photos and began demanding John’s presence at crime scenes.
With Sherlock sitting right there, John’s thoughts turned back to their case.  “Sherlock, the cause of death...  I’m assuming you’re thinking something airborne?  Because of the particulates in the nasal passages?”
John wasn’t entirely convinced that they’d managed to pull the wool over Mrs Hudson’s eyes. She was now supplying them with more casseroles and baked goods than ever, but she’d stopped bringing her largesse up to the flat. Instead, she waited until she heard John coming in the front door and bestowed it on him.
“Now you’ve got him researching cetacean intelligence,” John said quietly to Mary.
“To me it looked more like
“I don’t have any, at least not yet.  Until, well, yesterday...” Had it only been that long?  “Until yesterday I hadn’t seen him for 14 years and never expected to see him again.”
“Sherlock, you can only swab one nostril,” ordered Lestrade in a matter-of-fact tone.  “Leave the other for Anderson.”
“I did that.  He showed up in town, not saying that he knew me, and was able to find enough evidence to convince the magistrates that Boris had murdered the other man.”
“I was
“If you know so much about marriages, sister, why did your
“We’re doing this my way, Sherlock. Tell me if you have any advice to share.  For
“The red feather now,” said Sherlock.  His voice was slightly hoarse and his breath came rapidly, but he shook his head impatiently at Ivan’s look of concern.  “I’m fine, but quickly!  Hold the edges of the incision together with one hand and draw the red feather down along it...  Good.  Again... again...  A third time.”
John spun and grabbed the lapels of the parka. “Billy,” he growled.
Sherlock arrived barely an hour later.  He had bits of stuff in his hair and on the shoulders of his coat that John preferred not to think about but he was otherwise unharmed, even cheerful.
“It’s
“Pregnant omegas have an increased metabolic load.”
Sherlock stopped torturing the makki di roti. “Like fabric pouches?”
Sherlock, oblivious, continued.  “But only if they have the chocolate ones.”
sorry, Dexter. You didn’t deserve to be caught up in that situation, except in the sense that your lack of self-confidence set you up to be vulnerable to it.”
That didn’t make sense.
Sherlock smirked. “You should know. You were there. Remember the Sumatra Road Underground station? The Tube carriage wired to be a bomb?”
“Delayed effects.”
dealer.  Or perhaps supplier would be a better word.  He didn’t have any other customers, and I never paid him.”
“What did you live on?” asked Ivan, hoping that Sherlock hadn’t been surviving on carrion like a crow.
Wishing for his bedroll, Ivan wrapped his surcoat around himself and curled up on the ground, pillowing his head in his arms.  Yarkovolos, bright-hair, flame-hair – it was almost as strange a name as Sherlock.  Bright and flame-coloured he certainly was, but why hair?  Why not feathers?
“Three cats, all exotic short-hairs. SH”
Then the door of 221A opened, revealing Sherlock wearing a long, dark coat, a blue scarf and leather gloves.
“To get us invited in.”
“Not going to let him walk off with evidence this time?” John put his hand to his mouth a second after he heard his own words. “Sorry.”
“Pity.  We could have split the fee.  Think it through next time.  And always insist on hard currency.”
“They think he was shot  in revenge?”
There was a man standing in the meadow in the dark, wielding some kind of blade – a sword?  An axe?  Ivan couldn’t make it out, because the man’s shape kept changing.
See me against the mouth of the alley.
John smiled wryly and snagged a few crisps before Sherlock got them all. “Apparently so. Maybe I won’t end up with kids after all.”
Sherlock himself came and went like some great tom cat, vanishing out the door in a swirl of coat and scarf. He’d come back eventually, triumphant or scowling as the case might be, not infrequently covered in mud, blood or, on one occasion, confetti.  He did experiments in the kitchen that resulted in horrendous stenches, threw the windows open and forgot about them, so that John, returning hours later, found the flat freezing and Sherlock either gone entirely or lying motionless on the sofa with his fingers and toes turning blue.
, mind you – but I can’t guarantee he’ll be able to speak or understand you. We had to adjust his medications for his, ah, past history.”
“You mean where you and the killer are.”
“Talking is the complicated part.”
“Then we rhyme, for I am Vanya – Ivan Watovich Stolitsky.  Mikhail Mikhailovich Kamen’brodsky directed me to the village of Svyatoy Varfolomeyevsk and told me to ask for Mariya Tobyevna Bocharova.”
!” Tyler snarled.  “And then I heard the sirens coming.  And I thought maybe it was the bloody useless ambulance but maybe it was the police, maybe the university people had called the police, and I wasn’t doing Uncle Don any good sitting there, was I?  There was a bin at the back of the alley, I got over the fence, I got out of there and went home.  I didn’t know what else to do.  I’m sorry, Mum, but I didn’t know what else to do.”
“Oh, yeah, John, sorry.” He eyed John, John’s newspaper, John’s armchair and John’s sock-covered feet.
A silence followed, broken when Svinarnikov contributed, “My lord’s family was haunted by the spectre of a gigantic hound.  It was said that Sherlock Holmes would know how to break the curse, so I volunteered to seek him.  But I never saw the creature before the day Muircheartaigh’s spell was broken.”
“Yes.  I was, I admit, surprised.  Given the nature of the incident, I would have thought I’d deleted your face.  It had somehow… stuck with me.”
But Sherlock wasn’t done. “And I’ve just decided to name the child Hamish.”
Sherlock led the way by swooping from tree to tree, while Ivan struggled behind on foot, pausing frequently to blaze their trail.
“What you said to Raymond Stevens, about the ‘true faith’...”
Mary giggled.
“He told me I was amazing.”
“The grounds for your suspicions?”
They were face to face now.  John had to lift his chin to maintain eye contact.  The man lowered his voice, “You’ve seen it already, haven’t you?”
“Wait, stop.
“The library of the British Museum.  Also some shopping.”
“Yes, and you?”
He picked up a marker and wrote something on the board, the same as what Mr Holmes wrote.  Then he started
“Reading popular magazines now, are we?”
There was a brief moment in which Tyler’s sobs were the only sound heard.
“D’you think that’s why he’s become so obsessed with the wedding details? He’s trying to protect us from having anything go wrong?”
John relaxed slightly. “Did Victor go in for acting, then?”
“Yes. No. Wait.”
“We can pay for the damaged equipment,” Miranda offered resolutely.
Sherlock paused. “Extrapolating that far in advance is rarely useful. Too many variables.”
John stopped laughing. “You wouldn’t.”
this was done by pro-bond protesters?”
“Sherlock is.”
“Yes, of course. And that’s not a bad thing. At least we can be sure that no one in the wedding party will have a mysterious criminal past.”
to be empty after all, hadn’t it?  Shaking his head, Ivan levered himself to his feet with his improvised walking stick and scuffed out the remains of their fire.  Then he took the small bundle of Harrieta’s jewels out from his shirt and considered the trees around him, finally hiding the bundle in the hollow of an old oak.  With this, his preparations were done.
They ended up compromising: John mopped up the spill while Sherlock made more tea.
“That’s not the point! She has no right to expect... Hell, you said you didn’t
“I’m going back to the house,” John replied tersely. “And you’re barely a week out of hospital, so you’re staying here.”
John stifled a snort.
He’d reckoned without Mary.
He wasn’t expecting Sherlock to launch himself at John, but Afghanistan had taught John to react fast and adapt as needed. He hadn’t even properly caught his breath before he got both arms around Sherlock’s neck and dragged him down for a kiss. For good measure, John threw a leg across Sherlock’s thighs.
The tiramisu arrived in one dish with two spoons.
The covers shared out nicely after all.
Sherlock studied him a moment. “So you’ve said.  Victor said that I was
“Sorry. The morgue at St Bart’s, I think, but...”
When John got up from his chair to get ready for bed, a problem arose.  Sherlock apparently expected him to stay up all night in case the killer called in the wee hours.
to be sleeping in the same room as Manya Bocharova.  He’d placed a pair of heavy buckets against the shed door on the off chance that she might come out to check on him and risked leaving his trousers outside of his bedroll along with his sword.  Now he was glad of his foresight.  When his heart slowed, he wiped himself off with a rag, lay back down and willed himself to sleep.  He had no idea what the morning might bring, but a soldier learns to sleep when he can.
“Look, Sherlock, this woman’s already dealing with a rough situation. After she’s identified the body, I’m going to ask her some questions.  I’d like you to observe her responses and, well, anything else about her that might be helpful.  But I’d
Sherlock was a good size for a beta, longer than most but without an alpha’s girth. John gave the rosy head a friendly lick. Where Sherlock’s pouch slit tasted salty and sweet, his cock carried a touch of bitterness as well. Two different tastes and yet both were unmistakeably Sherlock. John tasted both again to be sure... And then once more... And then – but Sherlock was trembling hard under John’s hands and mouth. John looked up the bed to see that Sherlock had thrown his head back and screwed his eyes tightly shut.
Sherlock complied.  Ivan started to open the case, then paused.  “Am I worried about stray crossbow bolts?”
She led them down the alley, Sherlock studying the ground and the building walls as they went.  When a man dressed in a coverall appeared from a basement door, Sherlock greeted him with, “Ah, Anderson. Here we are again.”
Mary stepped forward from the kitchen. She’d been reluctant to join today’s family gathering. To John, it seemed as she been withdrawing – gradually detaching herself – for the past few days. It was for the best, but sometimes he found himself wishing that things could have been different.
Ivan blinked, then shook his head.  “Well, if we didn’t think it was important
“I was captured in Serbia after breaking into a military installation.”
The holiday period ended, of course, on John’s day off. Specifically, on the day off that he had earned by covering extra shifts for other doctors.  He’d been looking forward to a long lie-in followed by a leisurely breakfast.  What he got was Sherlock in his bedroom at 8:34 AM, mobile in one hand, stripping over John’s blankets with the other even as he proclaimed that he wasn’t taking the case.
Sherlock stood still as well, studying Ivan.  He took a step forward... a second... a third.  Then he placed his hands on Ivan’s shoulders – copying Ivan’s actions of the previous evening, Ivan realized – bent his head down and kissed Ivan on the lips, chastely and with surprising awkwardness, as clumsy as a youth...
“Sounds to me as if you already have someone in mind, Misha Kamen’brodsky,” said Ivan, amused.
“Why did Marfa Hudovna send you to me?”
knows enough about human emotions that they might be able to explain them to her.  Which leaves you out, Mycroft.  She wants to talk to Sherlock.”
“My dear, I’m hurt.  I would have thought that
“What do you do?  For work, I mean?”
“It would possible, yes. But perhaps I can save you the time and trouble, Mr Holmes.  You seek to establish that one particular name is written among those many forms.  Donald McKinsey.”
“Wrong. Or no, not wrong. But merely a footnote to his real importance.” Sherlock raised the head of his bed so that he was almost sitting. “Magnussen used his power and wealth to gain information. The more he acquired, the greater his wealth and power. He knew the critical pressure point on every person of note or influence in the whole of the Western world and probably beyond. He was the Napoleon of blackmail, and he created an unassailable architecture of forbidden knowledge.”
Sherlock and Lestrade were already discussing the corpse by the time John arrived.
“I’ll take these into the bedroom and try them on,” said Mary, grabbing the clothes.
A couple of customers came in, young blokes, and Pauline moved down the bar to serve them.
“Have a seat if you wish, but you don’t really need that cane.  The pain in your leg is psychosomatic.”
“...entanglement,” pronounced Sherlock as John came through the door with his shopping bags.
Because the toast landed on the keyboard, Sherlock noticed. He wiped crumbs out of his curls and stared at John.
“I wouldn’t take that bet and neither should you, Archie,” Mrs Hudson said firmly as she went to answer the door.  “Not while Billy’s sitting facing the mirror that reflects everyone and everything going by on the street.”
David blinked.  “Oh.  Then what brings you back to London?  I figured we’d seen the last of you after you ran away from that posh kid Da married you off to.”
“Five feet in the refrigerator. Next to a carton of leftover take-away.”
“Would you mind leaving it by the bedroom door?” asked Mary. “I need to be alone for a bit.”
But she only laughed and bade him look at the tree’s trunk.  When Ivan did so, he was amazed to find it marked with carvings that looked very much like the ones on the apple wood walking stick Uilleam an t-Moireach had given him.
The deepest grave they could dig for him was a shallow, pitiful thing, but they piled rocks on top to keep the forest beasts away.  There was little to be said.  No one knew his name except, presumably, his widow.  She crouched by the grave with her arms wrapped around her shins and her face tucked against her knees, rocking ceaselessly.
A branch hit Ivan in the face and he realized that he’d started to turn Bezimyan off the road, towards the voice.  Shaking his head, he corrected his course.  A woman laughed somewhere in the woods slightly ahead of him.  His mother laughed, but his mother was dead.  It must be Harrieta – or perhaps Manya?  But he’d never heard Manya laugh, so how would he know what her laughter sounded like?
Tyler looked grateful for the cue. “She’d said to make sure to visit Uncle Don, especially on Ms Desimone’s off days, so I was doing that.  I, uh, didn’t do so much cleaning and stuff.”  John saw Miranda’s mouth twitch.
“But?”
I ever care to try that again.  I still can’t quite believe I married such a, a... milksop!  And with David in gaol, I have to pay someone to look after the house in Massachusetts until I can sell it.”
“Why are you mentioning Anderson while we’re eating?”
Curran, sullenly silent, had already been cuffed, but Wentworth was considerably less sanguine than the experienced criminals.
When they resumed, it was Eurus who took John’s theme, Sherlock who played the new one.  The soaring runs were as exhilarating as a good case, an eight, a nine, even a rare ten.  In Eurus’ hands, John’s theme framed these moments of brilliance, set them off, but also brought them back down more gently, easing the stumbles.  When the new theme sank into the depths, John’s theme softened its despair, led it back upwards.
“My hobby is chasing around after a completely mad consulting detective in the interest of keeping him from killing himself.”
children!”
Sherlock stared at him hazily.
John rolled back off him and looked into his eyes. “My body will hurt your body.”
John found himself chilled, so he turned back the blankets, slid down in between the uncertain sheets. He lay there listening, remembering other times when he’d watched Sherlock play.  Remembering how Sherlock swayed ever so slightly with the music.  Remembering how Sherlock’s head tucked down to hold his instrument, how the sleeve of his bow arm drew up just a bit, just enough to reveal the band of black pigmentation encircling his wrist.
Sherlock looked briefly startled, almost as if...  Had he not expected John to see this through?  Then the surprise was gone.  “Maybe two minutes, 45 seconds.”  And he was gone too, strolling off towards the pub, his gloved hands tucked into his pockets.
“Nothing interesting,” said the technician with the headphones. “She’s lamenting that it was a waste to spill such nice wine.  He’s being a gentleman.  He’s offering her his own glass, seeing as how the waiter hasn’t come back yet.”
“No. No, I haven’t. You want honesty, Mary? You want the truth? The truth is that I don’t give a rat’s arse what’s on that drive. Who you were, what you did before you met me is irrelevant. All I needed you to do, the
“It’s unfortunate that by the time the police arrived, several of the customers in the pub had been down the alley.  Some had even gone down the stairs and out onto the beach, no doubt fancying themselves amateur detectives.”
for this...”
Might Eurus be interested?  There was only one way to find out.
as if you two were flatmates.”
“I love my wife,” said Andreyev in a low voice, “Things were not always easy between us, but truly, I love her still.”
“The day you attempted to use Anderson and his accomplices to intimidate me...”
“A bit of reconnaissance, then.”
“Anyway, no offense, but if I
it, if he was going to be dealing with these bloody geniuses.
When he’d first got the invite to his university class reunion, he’d tried to talk to Sherlock into coming with him.  He had fond memories of certain classmates whom he thought Sherlock might enjoy meeting.  There was, for example, the girl who’d been his lab partner in first-year chemistry, the one who’d repeatedly flummoxed the professor with her perceptive questions.  They’d almost blown up the lab together one time when she threw a few improvisations into a routine – and extremely boring – laboratory exercise.
Do.  You. Want. Some. Tea?”
. Touch me!” And John could barely coordinate his hands, but he managed to get hold of Sherlock’s cock, to make a tunnel for Sherlock to thrust into, even to squeeze, once, twice...
“And she,” said John gently, “was hurting you.”
“Water, a bit of lemon. She’d already had a few drinks before she approached you.”  Sherlock hesitated ever so slightly before adding, “You were discomfited by her statement.”
Sherlock frowned. “We already do that.”
“If you haven’t got the data backed up somewhere else, you deserve to lose it.” Sherlock ignored the woman’s offended gasp.  “And pro-bonders staging a planned incident of vandalism for purposes of intimidation would have come better prepared, not just scribbled slogans with whatever markers they found lying about and smashed things at random.  Was anything stolen?”
and you removed them from the crime scene.”
But as Marfa Hudovna had kept watch on the tree to learn how things went with Ivan, so Ivan had kept watch on Sherlock’s heart.  He knew it beat as strongly and regularly as ever, but as to where he might find Sherlock himself, Ivan could only hope that Marfa Hudovna might be able to offer advice.
“Don’t ask stupid questions,” growled Sherlock. He stepped forward to meet John, their erections bumping and sliding together as they kissed again.
“Dexter McRae was perhaps the only true innocent caught up in this sorry mess.”
“So far we know that two of the three victims were practicing Christians, possibly Anglicans, and that both were also employed at royal residences.”
“Good,” John replied, about to open the refrigerator door.  Then he paused.  “You didn’t, ah, put it in the bin, did you?”
“And was it unusual for Mr McKinsey to be absent when she arrives?”
John made a mental note as to the club’s name and address. He hadn’t found himself interested in dating since Mary’s departure, but if he ever got back into it, this would be a nice spot to bring someone.  This evening, however, he and Sherlock were here on business.  Sherlock had explained during the cab ride that he was trying to contact a certain tall, ginger gentleman known to spend time at this particular club.
Feeling livelier for food and rest the next morning, Sara Dmitrievna, Svinarnikov, Tyuleneva and Andreyev were determined to rid themselves of their long, matted hair.  They would not set forth before using the knives they’d taken from the guards for a general barbering session.  Even the babbling madwoman, the silent man and his equally silent companion submitted cooperatively to being trimmed up.  Finally, however, the company was ready to get underway.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at the cheesy line but seemed pleased nonetheless and resumed his story. “After leaving Tibet, I travelled southwards to India...”
Sherlock raised his own glass of water, and they drank.
“You can’t believe everything people say when they’re angry.”
“Leave itchy dried semen all over your arse.
“Yeah. I lost track of time, she came home and we had... a bit of a row.”
“I stayed home from school the next day. I’d’ve stayed home the rest of the week, except I knew there’d be too many questions.  I went to school, I came home...  Oh, are you asking about Ms Desimone calling?  I... I listened to the messages, like you guessed.  I went over to Uncle Don’s flat on Saturday.  I was kind of scared that the police might be waiting, but there was no one there.  I fixed it to look as if Uncle Don had been eating and sleeping there.”
“And they’ve all got cameras, of course.”
Harrieta took another slug of vodka in eloquent silence.
“He walked me to the student clinic. They wanted to send me to a hospital.  I didn’t want to go.  The dog-owner – Victor – talked them into giving him some bandages and antibiotics.  He took me back to his room.  Within a week he’d introduced me to cocaine and sex, and our wristbands had turned gold.  Our families were mutually horrified.”  Sherlock smiled with the memory, then finally seemed to notice that John was not smiling.  “Problem?”
“Sherlock, I hate to tell you, but an upturned collar and messy hair aren’t going to do it.”
Sally looked nonplussed.  “I don’t...”  Then she seemed to notice John for the first time.  “Er, who’s this?”
“Anything else?” And then, in response to Tyler’s blank stare, “Anything about the people who work in labs?”
But it had been John who pointed out the obvious.  “She could have left Sherrinford at any time, gone anywhere in the world and remained undetected for as long as she wished.  Instead she left long enough to get Sherlock’s attention, then returned to wait for him.  As long as Sherlock keeps coming to visit, why is she going to leave?”
“That’s all right, then.”
“Us. He’s protective, he promised he’d always be there for us. But he’s not at all interested the way you’re suggesting.”
John stripped to his T-shirt and boxers, folding his jeans and jumper neatly before placing them on the dresser.  Then he turned out the light and climbed in on the other side of the bed.
women.”
“I still think you should have brought your gun, though.”
The grin vanished as Sherlock persisted, “How can you hurt me if you’re tied up?”
“Why wouldn’t he?  It’s never boring – well, almost never.  Ivan, there are new crimes committed there every day.  Most people blunder around the city and all they see are streets and shops and carriages.  But underneath the commonplaces, London is a battlefield.  When you walk with me you’ll see that.  I can show you.”
“He what?”
Sherlock explained as they ran down the stairs, both wearing T-shirts, with John in jeans and Sherlock in pyjama bottoms. “She and I built a warning device. I installed it for her.”
“Not often.”
“You had other things on your mind,” Dexter returned shyly, “Plus I’m not very memorable.”
John vowed to himself that someday he’d get the full story, but for now he said only, “I am.”
“All the better – my reason was worth something!  Only one of those deaths was wasted, Sherlock, and that was the one
John frowned slightly. “I thought that had to do with the subsconscious and finding someone...”
At the door, Sherlock turned. He’d obviously recovered a bit because his tone was definitely teasing as he purred, “John, I’ve had a lovely evening.” Then he slipped inside and shut the door behind himself.
“It’s me! John!” he called.
“Huh, I already knew that,” said John. “I’ve never really thought much about it in evolutionary terms, at least not since university.”
They had travelled hardly a third of the way when they met messengers from the imperial capital, riding south with news for Ivan Watovich.  His mother, the tsaritsa, had been taken suddenly with vomiting and fever the very day he had fallen in battle.  She had died that night.
It was a clear and promising morning a few weeks later when John awoke – alone, for Sherlock had returned to his usual, horrible sleeping habits. If John woke alone, however, he had not gone to bed that way.  He got to his feet and stretched in the early light coming through the window, feeling satisfied.  Pleased.
Soldiers learn how to pack efficiently. Even with John’s winter clothes, there was still room in the duffle. He threw in some toiletry items as well, then tried to think what else he might want. His RAMC mug, definitely. And his laptop! The latest set of medical journals he hadn’t quite finished with yet. And a few reference books he might want while reading... Actually, that was most of his books. He’d might as well bring the whole lot.
So Ivan started with the crow and went on from there, describing the battle, what he remembered of the aftermath, what he’d been told by others who’d cared for him in his feverish state.  He described his mother’s unexpected death and his sister-in-law’s departure.  He did, however, omit their names and titles.
“We have a report of familial inflation,” proclaimed one of the men, a gangly fellow who was apparently trying to camouflage his weasel-like face with a bushy moustache.  Two burlier men pushed past John and Sherlock and began to poke at things around the flat.
“Apple what?” asked John.
debt?  And it’s not as if he really needs the money.”
Silence from the darkness. Then, in a surprisingly tentative voice: “I enjoyed the kissing.”
Ivan Watovich had been with the imperial forces for five years when one day, a crow flew into the tent where he and his men sat breaking their fast.  A young soldier named Wigginsky chased the crow out, but it flew back in.  One of the sergeants, Uilleam an t-Moireach, got to his feet and chased the crow out a second time, but again it flew back in.  It landed among the maps spread out on the table before the tsarevich and began to peck at them.  At this, Ivan himself got to his feet and chased the crow out of the tent.  As he waved his arms to drive the bird away, the crow circled his head three times, cawing loudly.  Finally it flew away.
“Maybe the charming bit, but he was kind even when he was letting me down and didn’t need the act anymore.”
“Hindsight’s the plague of many a captain and commander,” said Ivan gently.  “On the field of battle, you make the best decisions you can.  If later on they turn out to have been mistaken, you try to learn from your mistakes.  It’s all you can do.”
-acting skills, you mean.  When I suggested that it would help if you could limp a bit and flinch when you sat down...”
“The same?” growled Sherlock.  “
Sherlock lowered his voice and leaned in a bit towards Stevens.  “These are difficult times for those raised in the true faith.”
“Your application is, of course, subject to Committee approval.”  The man smiled blandly.  The smile didn’t reach his eyes.
John looked. About his own age, handsome rather than pretty, with straight, dark hair that fell to the freckled shoulders her dress revealed generously.  Black band around her wrist and, when she glanced his way, dark eyes.
And he did.
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes.”  Weasel resumed checking.  “My
“But there
be next time.  But he noticed my lipstick!  I’ll be right back, okay?”
John met with Lestrade at 221B the next day. Mycroft had contributed the location of two more boltholes – the blind greenhouse in Kew Gardens and the leaning tomb in Hampstead Cemetery – but nothing had panned out so far. Mrs Hudson had suggested looking behind the clock face of Big Ben and become a big indignant when John refused to take this seriously.
And there it was.
Indeed Sherlock stalked forward until he was close enough to rub his baby bump against John’s stomach. Dizzy with desire, John pulled Sherlock’s head down for a kiss, neither short nor chaste.
Sherlock’s look of approval was rather appalling to anyone who realized he hadn’t the least idea as to
John entertained a brief fantasy of Sherlock in a world without mobiles. He’d probably recruit London’s pigeons to be his communication network.  There’d be coops on the roof of 221B, and Sherlock would have at least one or two pigeons riding along on the shoulders of his Belstaff at any given time.  The dry cleaning bills would be horrendous.
“I could be wrong... but I think that’s none of your business.”
site,” Mary told him. “John, can you find me some reasonably clean plates?”
“Not a problem,” Sherlock replied, extracting his wallet from a trouser pocket.  John observed this item with interest, as he’d never seen it appear when he and Sherlock needed to pay for a cab.
“There was a plague.  People were dying.  I sought a cure,” said Sara simply.
“Thank god, no.  Anyway, ever since then, whenever I, ah, need inspiration, that’s who I think of.”
“Biochemist. First to detail the mechanisms of the chemical reactions responsible for the colour changes in wristbands.  Awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1962 as a result.”
“You say you want to marry and to settle down.  If you had to choose only one of those things, which would it be?”
With this in mind, Ivan approached the captain and asked what sort of person the second mate might be.  “An honest man and a steady worker,” came the answer.  Then the captain, eying Ivan shrewdly, added, “He owns a small house back in port, but both his wife and his mother died of a fever two winters back.  Ever since then the house has stood empty while he’s at sea.”
“Good luck with the PA. And ta for the coffee and, well, everything.”
using it.”
Sherlock looked confused. “You’re asking me on a date.”
“Oh, like scientists? Yeah, I asked about them too.”
Billy squirmed in Lestrade’s grip.  “I never heard of this Wilson bloke!  Ow!  You’re holding too tight!”
“Right. Killed by his own gang?”
She offered her evidence, and then Sherlock spoke.
“He consistently underestimates you.”
Silence.
“Sitting up, rolling over and doing quite the agile tummy creep. We’re looking for a real crawl any day now,” John reported proudly.
John lurched awake as the driver hit the bus’ brakes and horn hard, cursing all the while.  It was dark outside now, but they seemed to be near the centre of the city.
The sun was low in the sky before Manya Bocharova pronounced herself done with the washing.  She helped Ivan get Bezimyan settled for the night with water and grain and then showed Ivan where he might wash up a bit before eating.  Inside the house was only one room, with a bed closet at one side and a stove at the other.  In the middle of the room was a table, with two places laid.  Supper turned out to be fresh rye bread and borscht with sour cream, and nothing the imperial kitchens produced could have tasted finer to Ivan.
Sherlock looked doubtful.
The party continued northwards, making what speed they could but hampered by the litter and by the need to make a full camp every night for the tsarevich’s sake.  Each night the men erected their captain’s tent and made sure his bedroll had enough padding.  They gathered extra firewood that he might be kept warm and prepared gruels and soups over their campfires that he might eat even though hard bread and dried meat were beyond his strength.  They watched over him when nightmares made him cry out in his sleep.
she is, ah –
“Ouch!” Mary looked pained.
A small party waited for them outside....
“Because being the subject of your previous experiments has been so much fun that I’m actually looking forward to one in which you try to recreate the effects on an omega in heat on my cock.”
“Well, more than a bit. But... I didn’t think we’d
His self-consciousness only increased when Sara opened the door, took one look at his face and burst into laughter, however quickly she stifled it and ushered him inside.
smell of the flat he’d shared with Mary.  Being alone here was different than being alone there.  The silence here didn’t mock or accuse him.
The man pursed his thin lips.  “’God’ has nothing to do with it.”
“Uh, Sherlock?”
.” Just the thought made him dizzy with arousal. He couldn’t resist grinding against Sherlock’s arse.
Sherlock leaned forward and picked up the crumpled scrap lying on the floor. “This will do.  It’s clean.”
Over the weeks that followed, Mary and Sherlock got along amazingly well despite the fact that Mary was confined to the flat. Sherlock, who could and did leave on occasion, spent as much time as he could there so that he and Mary would be exposed to each other’s pheromones. John would have expected outbreaks of terminal boredom and mutual loathing. Instead, Mary steadily worked her way through Sherlock’s collection of literature on famous crimes and criminals, critiquing them professionally as she went. Sherlock undertook a crash course in human reproduction and all things related. Both seemed equally fascinated by the prospect of keeping bees on the roof.
type, what’s yours, Sherlock?”
Speak of the devil – Sherlock strode into the flat, tossing his Belstaff aside. “John! You missed the case, and it was a high six. The landlord’s son’s megfriend’s bettifriend... Oh! Molly brought the clothes.”
noted the age – or lack thereof – of Sherlock’s scars while Sherlock was in the hospital. He’d been much more focussed on the fact that his best friend was fighting to stay alive. But John had seen the scars many times since.
can we go?”
“Nominally I was under the watchful eye of my older brother, at that time a junior clerk in government.  When the Revolution broke out a year later, my brother and I lost contact.”
“Crime scene.
John was wondering when Sherlock had started worrying about sheets when Sherlock added pointedly, “It’s been several weeks since John slept up there.”
“But that’s too long ago to be the reason you’ve accepted the government’s invitation to return to the UBR.  No, you’ve experienced a more recent... loss.  Personal loss.  Not a spouse though.”
the changes. You’re going to carry our child and the child’s going to grow and you’re going to be
like you to try and avoid traumatizing her further.”
doing here?  No, don’t look.”
“John, what’s
“Yes, at least two. That’s probably why he wasn’t high.”
“I’m not eating.  You are.  If I don’t want to listen to you whinging while we’re breaking in, I need to feed you now.”
knew Donald McKinsey was the one who wrote Dobrieuzi’s equation on the whiteboard the moment I pointed out that it had been written by a right-handed person using their left hand.”
“It is if you’re angry enough,” said Sherlock, almost to himself.
“Maybe in a bit then,” he suggested, implicitly inviting her to stay at least that bit longer.
“That’s what we thought last time,” Lestrade retorted.
“Everyone observes, but...”
“Really, Sherlock?  Because Lestrade didn’t seem that incompetent.”
“Did you put her up to that?” he asked Greg as he set the pints down.
.  The bite of apple Ivan had taken stuck in his throat.  His eyes stung, not entirely from the after-effects of the smoke.  He remembered Sherlock as he had last seen the creature.  Sherlock was,
“No one’s at all. That was just sheer bloody luck. Ahhh, John, there, yes... Are you trying to start a second round?”
And more to the point, might Mrs Hudson lend him some milk for his tea?
“And yet,” Muircheartaigh purred, “You’ve come after him, demanding that I let him go.”
“Hot topic, was it?”
“He really did say that.  And... I never lie to pretty ladies.”  Molly looked at John, startled, and then blushed when he gave her a wink before leaving.
worthy of her attentions?”
“Please.  Domestic violence is so common place.  I prefer to be assaulted for more exciting reasons.”
“A traveller passing through, he said he’d heard of the same happening in other villages, said it was sorcery.  But he also said he’d heard tell of a magical creature who lived far to the east who might be able to help.  Someone had to go, and I was the one chosen.”
“Irene Adler,” Sherlock replied offhandedly, still studying the flat.
Sherlock shrugged and sipped his own tea.
Sherlock ignored John as he stepped in close behind his lover, using one hand to push aside the dark curls so he could nose at Sherlock’s neck. John’s other hand reached around to rest on Sherlock’s palpably softer, more padded stomach. Sherlock was stiff and tense against him, but when John began to stroke said stomach and nip gently at the back of that pale neck, Sherlock melted suddenly – and completely.
“That’s incredibly hot. You know that, right?”
“Stood by and watched your granduncle smash things.”
Greg’s gold wristband glinted in the dim light of the pub as he returned from bar with two pints. He handed John’s off and took a long swallow his own before even sitting down.
“Robert and I were already collaborating. Coming back made that easier.  It was quite obvious that the situation with David was never going to improve.  Once I was gone, he found another woman whose career he could help, perhaps more effectively than he’d ever helped mine.”
John frowned.  “He missed the first one.  The killer had to try again.  Were you able to print the posts?”
Anderson looked at him with distaste.  “It’s a crime scene.  I don’t want it contaminated.  Are we clear on that?”
“Maybe, but he wouldn’t tell me anything,” said John, trying for nonchalance. “You can ask him yourself, though. He’s going to be stuck in a hospital room for at least next few days.”
Light dawned.  “The King’s Guard.”
“I’m just saying that once you start invoking subconscious lists of traits, it sounds a hell of a lot like you’ve found a long-winded way of saying ‘soulmates.’”
card. It would register as corrupted. But if it was corrupted, how would the security guards know it’s not Magnussen? Would they risk dragging
sure before this child is born.”
Brief silence. Then Sherlock rolled back and snuggled up against John. “I could tie you up?... Oh, you like that idea!”
“Now wait a moment, Sherlock...”
Sherlock was married to his work, but really that was no problem. Every good marriage had three partners.
“You were receiving threats, you have a former spouse. The possible connection couldn’t be ruled out.”
About to take a sip of tea, John stopped and lowered his mug carefully. “You were going on 13, you asked your parents how bonding works and they gave you a set of scientific papers.”
“Assault Tyler Caustlin. He was unarmed and it was already evident from his attempt at a punch that he doesn’t know how to fight.  You had to know that I wasn’t in any real danger.”
“John, if the assassins of London had been meeting for regular get-togethers every Wednesday afternoon, I would have found out long before now. You need more clothes, so you’re going... home.”
“Fathers,” shrugged Misha, “They all want princesses for their sons.  Look, I need to get this rye harvested.  Give me a hand with it and then I’ll see what I can do for you.”  And he watched Ivan closely, as if to see whether the gentleman was offended at the request.
a black band so people would leave him alone and he wouldn’t have to worry about...  What’s he call it?”
How had all of this come about?
“Faster,” agreed Ivan.  “To be honest, I’m not sure how
“That’s...” part of the problem, John thought. “That’s irrelevant.  I wasn’t simultaneously causing you harm!”
Ivan handed it over and began to circle the room, searching for the exit they’d presumably need, for entrances to guard.  He found neither.  Sherlock, who presumably had some sort of exit in mind, was busy muttering to himself as he examined the casket.
“Tell me where I’m wrong, then!”
you. You’ve never bothered to ask.”
“We just need to follow up on a few details,” Sherlock assured him.  “Your wife’s...” and here Sherlock drew two fingers down in a V on his upper chest.
And oh, hell, Sherlock was watching him, deducing his thoughts.  Reading his mind, or as near as made no difference.  It was time for a change of topic, and John seized fiercely onto the first one that came to mind.
“No. Don’t.  It’s just...  Oh, Johnny, how did this happen?  We were
John sat up too, fast.  “Oi!  You were supposed to keep your eyes closed!”
“Sherlock, oh. Sherlock, I’m... I’m close.”
What the...?
“There’s a reason the process is called ‘labour,’” John teased. “Sherlock, you should eat something.”
“I’m definitely getting myself something nice for dinner when we get out of here,” Donovan commented. “This is making me hungry.”
Sherlock frowned and shook his head as, “I still think they’re running a drug lab,” floated back up the stairs.  Finally John heard the front door slam shut.
“Marfa Hudovna, how long have I been gone?  For I know this tree was not here the last time I came to your house.”
Sherlock and Mary executed simultaneous eye-rolls.
Sherlock grabbed his phone. “Not completely unintelligent,” he informed Mary as his fingers flew.
John’s mind supplied an altogether superfluous and horrific image of how Sherlock might have ‘motivated’ this Victor fellow.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and raised his chin. “Based on the level of intelligent participation your presence adds to any conversation, it’s often hard to tell.”
“Such as?”
This time Ivan cared not for anonymity but rather chose his horse for speed and endurance on the road.  He rode out of the garrison on a chestnut stallion with a white blaze down its forehead, carrying with him Marfa Hudovna’s gifts and, wrapped in an old shirt in one of his saddle bags, the case that held Sherlock’s heart and feathers.
“Could the tsar find no better messenger than a lame man?” a blond-bearded guard asked suspiciously.
“Or rather,” said Mycroft quietly, “We thought it was.”
“You’re not leaving him here, either, not if you don’t want the Committee hearing about it.”
,” Sherlock moaned.
“It’s in a popular area of the city, the landlord will find new tenants almost immediately.”
“John, dear, I couldn’t help but notice that you and Sherlock are using the upstairs bedroom now,” Mrs Hudson began in a confidential tone. “I just wanted to thank you. I didn’t like to say anything about the noise...”
Foucault looked slightly shocked. “Yes, of course!  What do you think?  Then again, in view of what happened, I suppose it is not an unreasonable question.  Yes, we ran trials.  We ran them on samples of skin and of muscle tissue.  We did not... run tests on bone.”
It was only after they were both more or less clean that John realized Sherlock might prefer to sleep alone –if indeed he intended to sleep at all. But Sherlock forestalled the question by pointedly turning back the covers. Once John had slipped in, Sherlock got the lights and then followed. After a brief moment of awkward distance, they settled in more comfortably together, Sherlock’s gangly body wrapped partially around John’s more compact one.
Something in John’s heart started to sing. He reached across the table and took Sherlock’s hands. “I guess I shouldn’t forget who’s the genius in this family, should I?”
“Sherlock,” John began when they were curled together in bed that night. “There’s something we need to talk about.”
Sherlock shrugged. “Some people might question my motives in expediting your wife’s departure from the country and your own re-establishment in 221B.”
“What did I do to deserve you?” he murmured.
John was settled into the passenger seat of Lestrade’s car, watching the other man navigate the London traffic, when Lestrade said almost casually, “Look, John, Mary is your wife. I get that. I’ve got two spouses of my own. But police business doesn’t go home, do you understand?”
“Unless Wilson was willing to sell his own work at far less than its value, he wouldn’t have been doing so in his pawnshop,” Sherlock continued.  He picked up a notebook that sat at one side of the workbench and began to leaf through it.  More notebooks and equipment were stacked on the shelves that stood behind the bench.
“Thank you for waiting for us, doctor,” replied Sherlock smoothly. “I’ll get straight to the point.  The university requires all human experimental subjects to sign consent forms, am I correct?”
“That’s true enough and no mere story.”
“I’m missing something, what am I missing?” Sherlock had begun to pace.
of us have already put in a long day at work.”
Sherlock went out to meet with an undisclosed person in an undisclosed location and returned with a set of mysterious bottles with handwritten labels.
“And is there a way to tell if someone else has listened to a message before you yourself have done so?”
Wiggins nodded and began to walk away towards the south end of the bridge. He turned when John called after him. “Bill! I just wanted to say – thank you.”
Hamish. John didn’t have to be a genius to know how this would go. Every time they told someone the boy’s name, that person would coo and say how
“Not you, idiot.  The man you stole the sword from.  Don’t look so offended, it’s obvious.  The hilt is plain but the blade is Damascene steel.  Judging by your clothes, your family’s not wealthy enough for you to have inherited
was over-protective, at least when he wasn’t trading off the details of his brother’s life to Moriarty. Mycroft claimed to care for his brother. Perhaps the Holmeses had no other way to express caring? Perhaps...
“I want a shower first.  My hair...”  Sherlock divested himself of his coat and scarf.  He frowned as he examined them.  “These will need to go to the dry-cleaners.”
“Across the street from 23 and 24 Leinster. What’s going on, John?”
Sherlock shuddered visibly. “No.  I think that John may have.”  He appeared not to notice John’s glare.
“So who are we questioning?”
So John went. There would be other dances, other times.
“What does that mean?”
“Or I shoot the Belstaff.”
John called Mary while the nurses were getting Sherlock settled in his room. They’d already offered John a cot in case he wanted to spend what remained of the night, and Mary agreed with him that he should.
“Sherlock, I’m leaving half the food in case you want it later.  You should eat something.  I’m going to sleep now, but wake me in two hours so I can take my turn at watch.  You need sleep, too.”
Wagons passed them by as they walked along the road to the seaport, the drivers often glancing curiously at the company.  Many had room to carry a passenger or three and might have been glad to do so for a bit of the gold Ivan carried inside his shirt.  But none had room for all seven of them.  Sara Dmitrievna was adamant that the company not be separated, a judgement with which Ivan agreed.
“Maybe, but I couldn’t have observed all that and pulled it together as quickly as you did.”
Ivan was saved from having to attempt a reply when Marfa Hudovna appeared in the barn’s doorway.  “Come and have some supper, boys.  There’s borscht.”
“You’ve just come from New Scotland Yard, but Mrs Hudson gave you breakfast before you left.”
He bought a ring, asked Mary out to dinner and made reservations for them at the Landmark. He wore his best suit and combed both his hair and his mustache with care. (He still wasn’t sure about the mustache, but Mary seemed to like it.) He showed up a bit early, as it wouldn’t do to make her wait for him, and then had to deal with an overly solicitous waiter armed with a wine list. Finally Mary arrived, looking so lovely that John’s nerves got even worse. Still, he’d invaded Afghanistan, he could
“It’s a break-in with a bare suggestion of robbery, Lestrade. Barely a two...  All right, possibly a three...  Who identified it as a chemical equation?  Your lot don’t have...  All right.
“Good, because mine is currently occupied by a partially dissected mummified crocodile.”
and on human cadavers since then, but not in living subjects.  The reaction has a high activation energy.  The catalyst that makes it possible in biological systems only works in one direction.”
Staring out the window as the hired driver took steered the stately vehicle along the lane to the main house, John could see his uncle’s point.  This had once been a grand estate, but overgrown shrubbery and crumbling stonework betrayed the recent lack of maintenance.  When the main house came in sight, John was startled to see that one wing was in ruins – due to fire, judging by the scorch marks on the stone.
“I told him that!” the teen protested. “But he said he could as long as he didn’t mix it with his meds!”
But Toby beamed proudly.  “There are four other girls in my class at school named Octobria!  And Octobria Smith’s mother calls her
He continued on until he was past the chair, standing a few paces away from the man, who smiled pleasantly.  “Some things are best discussed face to face – and not in public places.  The leg must be hurting you.”
“Doesn’t look as if I’m likely to end up with someone who can give them a stable home environment, does it?”
Mary appeared in the doorway, gun in hand.
“Boring,” said the creature with a shrug.  It put the walking stick down and ruffled its wings as if in preparation for flight.
“For one thing, that would technically have been bigamy.  Easy enough to get away with given the tenuous diplomatic relations between Canada and the UBR but not an option for you, you had
Now that John was a widower, the idea of anyone devoting the remainder of their lives solely to their work seemed a good deal less plausible. He didn’t see himself doing that, not for long anyway.  And Sherlock was still, well,
“John” – Sherlock touched his shoulder – “wait before you decide.” He walked towards Mary and gestured at her neck. “If I may?”
Baker Street proved to be a street of nice-looking older residential buildings, almost all of which had more recently sprouted shops on the ground floor.  The driver manoeuvred the bus up to the kerb and opened the door.  “Here we are, 221B.”  He hopped out, John following more slowly.
putting our names in the reservation records. We’ll be far more comfortable spending the night on our own.”
“Later, then.  Promise me you’ll explain later.  When this is all over.”
“She’s saved Sherlock’s life twice.”
John sighed and ran his head through his hair. “Sherlock...”
John had drawn his gun and taken the safety off the moment he was out of the pub.  The distance was hardly ten metres, but in the poor light and with a moving target, he had almost no way of ensuring that he’d shoot the killer instead of Sherlock.  Still, he braced for a shot, hoping to get an opening.
“Not impossible but doubtful.”
“Carrying out a crime often is,” said Sherlock. “Did you actually steal anything?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “Of course!  Does this look like the sort of place I would choose for a funeral pyre?  Now take the case and your father’s ring and
“And the police took it as evidence.”
“At your suggestion,” said Mary shrewdly.
“Right, poor phrasing.
“It’s a bit complicated,” John began.
Dexter flushed. “Yeah, I was talking to Janine. I guess you’d deduce that. But it wasn’t... Look, Sherlock, I was pretty upset when those articles came out, and I just kind of... backed away. From everything. But I didn’t have anything to do with them, and when I thought about it, I realized I’d never heard your side of the story. Everything that was published about you using, well, us – those were just Janine’s allegations. You never responded.”
“Mostly we watched telly. Uncle Don liked the news channel.  And he had this old desktop, he’d use it to access news sites, even foreign ones.”
The men whispered among themselves, believing the bird to be a bad omen.  “Come on,” said the tsarevich to hearten them, “We’ve fought enemies far more fearsome and won!  Will you be scared of a bird?”
John interrupted.  “Was Joe in the army?”  As Pauline turned to stare at him, Sherlock quickly looked in the direction John had been looking.  His mouth shaped an “o.”
“John Watson? Virginia Dixon. Uh, are you in family practice?”
, gotten the bloke off a murder charge or something.
“You broke into our home and went through the trash bins,” Mary accused.
“I’m pretty sure it doesn’t,” John replied mildly, preparing a couple of extra slices just in case.  “Do you do all your research from books and papers?  I was told not to bother bringing my laptop because there was no Internet access here.”
The tower collapsed, stones sprayed across the spot where Ivan and the other two had been standing moments before.  When the ruins finally settled, everything was silent except for the snapping and popping of the remaining fires.
“Sorry, but I’ve got someone waiting for me at home.”
are now, Mary. You’re a client. This is where you sit and talk – and this is where
Both were true. As far as John was concerned, Sherlock had
“Oh, that.”
“You won’t hurt me,” Mary replied confidently.
“It’s recurring, not permanent!  Of course.  That explains why it appears to be more recent in origin than your shoulder injury, although neither is old enough to have been received in Afghanistan.  I’d say three... no, four years ago?”
Sherlock scowled. “Mycroft.”
“I’ll hold you to that,” said Ivan Watovich.
“Hell hath no fury...” murmured Mary as she flipped through a newspaper someone had left at the clinic.
The hours trudged by. He went into work because sitting at home doing nothing would have been unbearable.  Greg called from time to time to ask this or that irrelevant question, all of them really amounting to nothing more than, “Hang on, we’re working on it.”
And because Mary had said she’d take care of it and because John trusted her, he forgot all about the matter.
“Anderson,” Lestrade warned.
The driver unwrapped the package and removed two fat sausage rolls, then passed the package to John, who found it contained two more.  They were hot and greasy and amazingly good.  And cheap, too.  Only five dollars for...  It was only then that John realized his five-dollar bill had paid for the driver’s sausages as well as his own.
